110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
thus, may she be brought to terms. Then, and
thus, may this appeal to arms, the last, I trust, in
which America shall ever be forced to engage,
come to a close; and the period at last arrive, when
we may turn our swords into ploughshares, and
study war no more.
Mr. HAMLIN then remarked: He did not rise
for the purpose of occupying much of the time of
the committee; nor had he resolved to enter into an
investigation of all the causes which led to the war;
nor did he rise to state the reasons which rendered,
it imperative upon them to vote, not only cheer-
fully, but readily, for the necessary supplies of
men and money for its support and maintenance;
although before proceeding to discuss the bill now
before them directly, he might be pardoned for ;
saying that he had been truly pained by the course j
which those members, who stand opposed to the i
Administration, had deemed it their duty on this i
measure to take. He had honed that when the !
oountiy was engaged in a foreign war, all asperi- '
ty of party feeling would be forgotten. He had \
hoped, that instead of dragging before them all |
the political topics which had divided the com- [
mumty into parties, they might have laid them j
all on the altar of iheir common country, and have ;
rallied at this time in support of the country's ,
rights and honor. When he spoke of the na- :
tion's honor and sacred rights, he intended it in no I
sense of technicality and refinement. He meant i
what were their groat and substantial national
rights, and nothing less. For their rights, great
and substantial, were involved in the issue of the j
present question; and as men regarding the wel- j
fare of their country—as lovers of humanity, re- I
gardins: the h\es of their fellows—they were com- ■
mandeel to come up theie as on#4 man, and present
an unbroken front to those who had set themselves 1
in array as the enemies of the country, whenever :
and whoever the occasion might occur. The hour ,
of sober reilection and of chastened feeling would j
come. The time would come when gentlemen upon ■
the other side of this question would regret the '
course which they had taken. The hour of calm 1
reflection must come, and when it came without j
any of the provoking chaiacter of party interests I
mingling with it, a keen regret that they had at- j
tempted to show divided counsels in the nation j
must come along with it. The moral effects of j
such a course upon those with whom they were j
combating could not be mistaken. It was emphat- j
kttlly giving them " aid and comfort." i
But he had arisen there, not, as he had already |
stated, for the purpose of defending the course of j
the Admim-uranon in the war, or for the purpose
of developing the causes which led to it. That had I
been well done by the Executive. That had been '
well done by other gentlemen who had preceded ;
him on that floor; and he was willing to spread he- 1
fore the country the facts and arguments on that
subject as they now stood recorded, and leave the i
matter at issue there. But while he stood there |
pledged cheerfully and willingly to vote for men j:
and money to prosecute the war they were then I
engaged in, the way, the mode, and the means of ij
doing it, he must be permuted himself to judge of. :
He would state, then, that he was in favor of mis-
ing the ten new regiments designated by the bill i!
which had been reported by the Committee on i;
Military Affairs. They were necessary; they were 1;
recommended by the proper department. The '1
proposal would commend itself to the judgment
of the House, and he doubted not would receive j|
their approval. But he was in favor of changing— H
thoroughly, radically, and essentially changing— jj
the terms, features, and conditions of the bill. He j!
believed—and it was mainly for the purpose of l!
expressing this belief that he had risen—that there i
were great and essential reasons why the terms and ji
conditions of the hill might well be changed—why, ij
lie would say further, they were called upon abso- !!
lutely to changc the terms and conditions of the J
bill. They presented to the world the remarkable j[
spectacle of a people eager to rush into contest; and i I
the history of all the world did not furnish an ex- 'I
ample where the citizen soldier was as ready to ;!
rally around the standard of ins country as they i'
had shown themsehes lo be, and as they still con- jj
tmued to be. !;
Further, they were told by the Executive and j,
by the War Department, that an independent corps ■]
was preferable to a standing army. It was in ij
accordance with this principle that they passed the j1
law at the last session granting ten millions of dol-
lars and fifty thousand men—volunteers, for the
purpose of carrying on the war. He would not
take up the time of the committee by alluding to
the fact with how mnc.h alacrity these men enrolled
themselves—how ready they were to enlist, ac-
cording to the terms of the war, for the defence of
the country and the prosecution of the war ; nor
would he weary them by going overall the grounds;
by enumerating all the reasons which rendered
them essentially better than a standing army. Yet
some of these reasons which occurred to his own
mind were so forcible that he wished to state them.
He wished to state them for the consideration of
the honorable gentleman who stood at the head of
the committee [Mr. Harai.son] who had reported
ij this bill. He was for voting men and money oil
j- the time and conditions which the bill provided,
! but he would change the organization from that of
i a standing army to that of volunteers. He would
; enlist them for five years' service, or for the war.
| He would embrace the same principles precisely
• as regarded the time and the terms, but he would
j change the fonn of the regiments from a standing
! army to thai of a \olunteer force.
I He would state the reasons which operated upon
| his own mind, and induced him to foirn tins opin-
I ion, and which, he hoped, would also operate upon
; j the minds of the committee, and lead them to em-
I brace like \iews. First, tt was a matter of doubt.
i| He doubted much whether ten thousand regulars
!; could be enlisted in a standing army in addition to
the number already in the army, and the number
■ | still authorized to be raised. He was quite sure
II volunteers could be more rapidly laised and soon-
j! est mustered into service. They had the repoit
i of the Secretary of War before them, and weienot
1 tu mistake the lesson that taught them. They
! knew that by the existing law passed dining the
: last session of Congress, they had authonzed the
j filling up of the ranks to a number but little short
i of seventeen thousand. The same report told tnem
! that under the provisions of that \ery law there
■ had enlisted not more than about twenty-five hun-
I dred soldiers—two thousand of these coming from
| sections of the country where but few officers could
j be found to command them. This consideration
: should guide and direct them—the fact that they
I had already granted full authonty to increase the
j army tu the number of seventeen thousand, and had
• failed except about twenty-five hundred. What
. evidence should satisfy them that if they granted
this bill precisely in the terms in which it had
! been presented, that there was ability or power
anywhere to raise ten regiments of men? It was
' questionable whether any such evidence, could be
i presented. He, for one, did not believe the regi-
; ments could be so soon raised by tins bill as in
i volunteers.
! Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL here asked the floor
: for a moment; and on its being yielded by the j
! honoiable gentleman Aoin Maine, he remarked :
: that as many as six thousand men had been en- i
: listed within the last few months. Therefore, the
presumption was that they would he able to raise
these men without any great delay. He (Mr. I.)
had a preference for the xegular soldier. That was
all.
Ah*. HAMLIN proceeded. He held in his hands
the message of the President, with the accompany-
ing documents, communicated to them on the 8th
of December last. He found accompanying the
message the report of the Secretary of War. By
that report they were informed, that up to that
penod of time, but about twenty-five bundled had
enlisted.
" Authouty was given at the last session of Oongres.--to
incrra>e ti.e rank and tile of the reirmionb m the regulai j
service to irion: than double the founei mimbci. Piomptl
measuies were taken to procure reeiuiL-, bat tliey have not !
been attended witn the desned cff.'Ot Wiu-n filled up to {
the maximum allowed by law and Executive appioLdtion, i
our regular lorce will bf 16.S98 otLe«.rs> taid men; but it i
docs not nowexcerd 1P.20G. The want of better .-*uc:e.-s j
m lecruitme 15, E apprehend, mainly to be a-eiil,ed to the ■
large number of \<<)mjteers which hy<, m the meantime, i
been called out. The volunteer semce legauled, gen- j
erally, by oui cmz^ria, as pieferable tu thnt in the regular!
arm} ; and a- lone a- vohiuteeit- are expected to he called j
for. it vv ill be difficult to till the ranks of ovular rcainient*, I
unless additional inducements aie offerui oi the Jeim> of;
Sfruce modiftpd. A'■mail pecuinuiy bounty, given at tiic> i
tmio of enlistment, oi land at the end of the tonus ot' :-er- ;
vice, would, it is believed, have a mo-t beneficial eflect
Probably an equally favorable result would flow from annex- !
ing a condition to the present penod of «ervice, allowing the •
recruit to be discharged at the end of tne present war. It is
presumed there are many thousand patriotic citizens who
would cheerfully enter the service lor the war if they could '
return to the pursuits of civil life at its close.
" It is not possible to foretell, with much precision, what
number of troops the exigencies of the war may require for
the ensuing year. The estimates presented to the Secretary
of the Treasury have been made upon the present establish-
ment of the regular troops, wholly filled up, giving a total
force of 16,998, exclusive of enlisted men ot ordnance : upon
ten additional legimonts to he raided to serve to the end of
the war, which will amount to 9,380; and upon a contingent
force of ten thousand volunteers, to be organized under"ex-
isting laws, and called into service if needed.'-"
That was the state of their army at the time the
report was made by the Secretary of "War, show-
ing that there was authority to enlist more than
seven thousand men under the provisions which
already existed. Ho (Mr. H.) was told by his
friend on his right, that he was incorrect with re-
gard to the number which had enlisted. If the gen-
tleman would examine the Army Register, which
exhibited the number of men reported to them by
law, he would find that only about twenty-live
hundred had enlisted. At all events, whether that
be the number or not, their enlistment would show
the fact that the army was only about twenty-five
hundred greater than it was tWore.
• Mr. HARALSON" remarked that the gentleman
made no calculation for those who went out of the
service.
'Mr. HAMLIN, in answer to the chairman of
the committee, believed he had a fair offset to his
remark, and "would state, that a eeitain regiment
which had been raised and officered by the Execu-
tive for the purpose of establishing a line of mili
tary posts on the road from Missouri to Oregon,
had been swallowed up by the at my.
It is true the whole number of enlistments is
nominally 5,945. An examination of the facts set
forth m the report of the Adjutant General would
put the matter in its true light before the House
and the country. That wid show the mistake
under which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] labots. To make up that
number, a corps of sappers and miners, a detach-
ment at West Point, the whole of the regiment
recruited for garrisoning posts to Oregon, and all
reenhstments, are included. On pajre 70, of the
documents accompanying the President's message,
the Adjutant General gives the following u state-
' ment showing the whole number of recruits enlist*
' ed m the army from the first of October, 1845, to
' September 30th inclusive, 1846." Then follows
an account of the various recruiting stations at
which the enlistments were made, concluding with
the "number of recruits enlisted for the general
h service 2,576." That he understood to be the
j, whole number of enlistments for the regular ser-
;; vice for the past political year.
I! Before acting on this subject, then, they should
ji pause, and inquire whether, if they granted the
!j number of men proposed, it would answer the
\\ purpose required, as well as a volunteer corps.
|i He doubted very much whether it would. But
j m addition to what the Secretary of War said
| on the passage of a law increasing the lankand
I file ol the army, he (Mr. H.) was fortified by his
i present ieport. He spoke—what e\ery man knew
i —in the highest terms of the lustre which the vol-
unteer corps had shed upon their arms abroad.
, They had literally covered themselves with glory.
| They had _ sustained great and substantial inter-
. ests—the rights of this people—and had trained for
: themselves an imperishable renown. Who was it
. but the volunteers of the western country that
, stormed the works of Monterey? What but the
j conduct oi brave and gallant men that led to the
: triumph of American arms on that occasion?
| They had it endorsed m full by the report of the
j Secretary of War, coming up to the mark, and
1 stating cleaily and distinctly that they had done
1 all that was expected of them. If, then, they had
done, oil thai was expected of them—and he be-
lieved they had—and they were told that they
would answer all purposes, he thought his posi-
tion was weli fortified by the language of the Sec-
; retary of War himself.
! But he would come directly to another ques-
> tion—the question of executive patronage. Al-
though the President of the United States was now
, the President of his choice, he was now and always
in favor of restricting the executive patronage
wherever it could well be done, and where there
was no necessity of extending it. This, he be-
: lieved, was the doctrine of the old Jeffersonians.
i It seemed to him that there was no necessity for
| placing the appointment of four hundred officers
1 in the hands of the Executive, to be wielded for
1 good or evil, as the case might be, though it be
