1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
exercised with all the prudence the best man on
earth could ewffjloy. It was not in the power of
man to exercise such an extended power without
erring in some cases. Nor was there the slightest
necessity for it—not that he would question the
wisdom of the appointments which had been made.
"Who had- complained of the officers of the gallant
volunteers? He had never heard the first com-
plaint that they had not acquitted themselves val-
iantly and bravely. They had always led their
forces, and had not gone in the rear. The word
with them had been, " volunteers, we'll go"—not
(i you go." ThSre was, and could be, no com-
plaint of the manner in which the volunteers had
acquitted themselves. They had fully realized the
hopes which had been entertained of them. And
now he asked, if it was not a consideration which
should address itself to- them—one which should,
in fact, be imperative upon them.
There were other considerations in the matter
which every eentleman might call to mind, and
follow out in all their varied ramifications of thought, !
each one for himself; but there was one eonsideia- <
tion which he desired especially to dwell upon. It j
was the manner in which the regular army was to j
be officered. They were to see officers from one j
State recruiting in another. Pennsylvania—God ]
bless her!—would be again called upon to furnish I
men for officers from another State: and now she
stood ready with twenty-seven regiments of volun-
teers prepared to go wherever the defence of their
country's rights called them. He would ask, if it
was not expedient to permit those corps to officer
themselves ? To this point he would invite special
attention. It appeared to himself to be one of
pressing importance. Standing armies enjoyed no
favor with him, and were only justifiable m his
vievic when absolutely necessary. That a standing
army was absolutely necessary at the present time,
he did not believe, nor could he believe it until he
had seen a failure of all other, and, as he thought,
better means. As yet he was confident there were
other means which would prove amply sufficient.
The House might not recollcct a bill offered at
its last session, but he well recollected it, as he had
occasion to confer with the gentleman who iniro-
duced it. He referred to the bill reported by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Black] for the !
reorganization of tne militia. What was one of the
grand features of the bill? It was one too often
derided, too often laughed at. It was tRe great and
glorious doctrine of State rights, State pride, State j
duty; and these doctrines were not to be forgotten
in this connexion. That gentleman proposed to
organize the several corps of militia in the Union
into corps to be denominated legions—each State
to have its own legion and us own colors. Well,
there was something in this suggestion,. "When
called into active service, if there were substantial
honors to be gained—laurels to be reaped, the pride
of each State would be aroused to reap and gather
its own share of the laurels. This would tend to
preserve the principle of State rights. But it was
a serious objection to the pending bill—a great ob-
jection with himself—that by building up this large
standing army, there would be a constant and tre-
mendous tendency to centralization. Eiow differ-
ent would it he with the independent corps—cach
impelled and directed to a common purpose, and ;
cered by men of their own choice—by men from
the States from which the several corps came.
This course would also restrict the executive pa-
tronage—a consideration which he had already
insisted on as important. He wished, indeed, that
the chairman had reported a bill originally embra-
cing the features which had suggested themselves
to his own mind.
But there was now pending before them an
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Rathbu.v,] which would receive his
vote. He should vote for it, for the very good rea-
son that it would serve in a great degree to produce
the results which he was in favor of. He, how-
ever, should prefer to change the whole bill, and
pass one for raising a volunteer force for the same
time, and on the same terms, which that bill pro-
posed. There was, however, one other feature in
the bill which afforded an insuperable objection to
it in Ins mind. Before the bill could receive his j
own vote, there must be imbodied in it a proviso !
to reduce the machinery of the officers—a clause |
by which the officers should be dismissed ftom :
service when the term for which the regiments had
enlisted had expired. He understood there was a
proviso of this kind m the bill: but [A voice:
I "Not full enough."] The gentleman from Illinois
! said it was not full enough. - He could not say
■ himself, as he had but partially examined the pro-
i viso in question ; but any bill must contain a pro-
| vision for the dismissal of the officers with their
j regiments, to receive his sanction. The little ex-
perience which he had enjoyed on this subject, has
taught him the difficulty—the almost impossibili-
ty—of reducing the number of officers in a time
of peace, however necessary it might be. They
hung upon their posts with hooks of steel. An
intimate and friendly acquaintance influenced one
mind; the fact that they had spent their best years
and energies in their country's service, swayed a
second; that, after long service, they were still
poor, and had large families depending upon them
for a support, a third. One cause operated upon one
mind and another upon another. Theie were always
so man v reasons of this nature pressed upon them m
time of peace, that it was found to be almost imprac-
ticable to reduce the number of the officers, even
though they had been told over and over again by
the proper departments that they had supernume-
rary officers dependent upon them incapable of
discharging wholly or partially the duties of their
respective offices. While he was willing (he re-
peated) to vote for men and money to any extent
for the purpose of prosecuting the war with vigor
and alacrity, until it should be brought to a suc-
cessful and honorable termination, he was not wil-
ling to rush thus blindly upon the course proposed,
when he had the lamp of experience shedding its
light upon their counsels—the experience of the
past, admonishing them that if a certain course
should be puisued, certain desirable and happy re-
sults would follow; and that if the contrary course
should be adopted, adverse consequences would
follow.
He had risen for the purpose of speaking almost
with the hope of producing an impression upon
the minds of the members; but this was an object
rarely accomplished, rarely hop^d for, indeed. He
would say, then, once more, let them avoid un
vet meeting in separate places of rendezvous, re- j i necessary extension of executive patronage; let
spertino- their individual rights, and contending!! them raise a volunteer corps; let them permit the
each for the glory of his own State. " \ \ corps itself to be officered by men of their own
But how would it be with a standing army?!! choice; and let the officers and the regiments be
Why, all individuality would be swallowed up, ij dismissed simultaneously. With these provis-
and all State lines obliterated. Now, (he said,) t j ions attached to the bill, it would receive his hearty
that single fact alone was sufficient, in his own j| cooperation and support. The provision dismis-
mmd,to1ead him to prefer a modification or changc ji sing the officers at the end of the war should be
of the bill, so that it should be made one by which | adopted by all means, whether we finally pass a
men should be enlisted for the same term of time, ! bill for volunteers, 01 to increase the regular army
but as volunteers. He could himself see no earthly ;
objection to such an enlistment of a volunteer force,
which did not obtain in a very much greater degree .j
to the enlistment of a standing army. It was be- |i
lieved that a corps of men more active, and more ,j
efficient, could be raised, if the time of service '
should be limited to the continuancc of the war, !
or for five years, and that the time it would lequire !
to enlist them would be much shoiier than by the j
other plan. If they believed the enlistment oi these j
men to be absolutely necessary, then they fur- j
nished his own mind with an argument in favor of i
an independent corps—of an independent corps,  
for the reason that it might be sooner obtained, as j
well as for the consideration that it might be offi- 1
Mr. A. JOHNSON then obtained the floor, and ,
the committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the bill to reorganize the dis-
trict courts of the United States in the State of
Alabama, which had been referred to that commit-
tee, back to the House, without amendment.
Mr. BILLIARD asked that the bill might be
put upon its passage.
Mv. PAYNE said he could see no necessity for
the passage of the bill at this time, and he there-
fore moved to lay it upon the table; but, before the
question was put,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 5, 1847.
Mr. Hannegan, who has been indisposed for
some days past, appeared in his seat this morning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
memorial of James W. Schaumburg, praying that
the Senate will take no action in regard to promo -
lions in the first regiment of United States dragoons
that will prejudice his claims to rank as an officer
in that regiment; and moved its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WESTCOTT desired to know why the
petition should be referred to that committee, in-
stead of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON replied, that the reason for ask-
ing the reference to the Judiciary Committee was,
that it presented a purely legal question, arising
out of an act of Congress.
The reference to the Committee on the Judiciary
was then ordered.
Mr. CORWIN presented a memorial from mem-
bers of the Legislature of Ohio, asking that the
State may be divided into two judicial districts;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Also, the petition of citizens of Dayton, Ohio,
asking that a portion of the public land may be
applied to the construction of a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific ocean; wnich was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Rezin
Tevis, asking a grant of land and additional pay
for services in the revolutionary war; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorials
from citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the con-
struction of a railroad from the lakes to the Pacific;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of Captain
Thomas ap Catesby .Tones, of the United States
navy, asking to be restored to the invalid navy
pension list; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of John Martin,
an officer in the war of 1812, asking for arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of William Hogan, adminis-
trator of Michael Hogan, deceased, praying pay-
ment of a sum of money certified by a jury to be
due him from the United States; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ARCHER presented the memorials of Joice
Billups, and of the administrators of Coventon
Simkins, deceased, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which were severally re-
ferred to the select committee on that subject."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorials of the heirs of John Ross, deceased,
and of the legal representatives of John E. Dorsey,
deceased, praying indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800: which were severally referred to the
select committee on that subject.
the tariff.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate on what articles
embraced in the tariff act of 1846, the duties can
be increased beyond the existing rates, so as to
augment the revenue, and to what extent the said
duties can be increased, and what additional reve-
nue would acciue therefrom.
Mr. CAMERON remaiked that he should be
necessarily absent to-morrow, and he therefoie
moved that the resolution he over until the day
after to-morrow; which was agreed to.
mny jersey and jnte\v york, etc.
: Mr. DAYTON submitted the following resolu-
i tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
| instructed to inquire into the expediency of rean-
! nexing the port of Jersey city to the collection
j diatiict of the port of New York.
i Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
' which was considered by unanimous consent, and
. agreed to:
