112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
modifying the laws of the United States in regard
to liens by attachment, as to make them uniform j
in all cases to the laws of the States where such \
liens are authorized. ;
i
RETURN OF SANTA ANA TO MEXICO. ,
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration ! i
of the special order of the day, being the following | j
resolution heretofore submitted by the late Mr. jj
Barrow: H
Resolved, That the President of the United States ; I
be requested to inform the Senate if any officer or j
agent was sent by him or by his direction to Ha- ]
vana, to advise, procure, or in any manner promote j;
the return of Santa Ana to Mexico; and if so, who j
was the officer or agent, what were his instructions, 1
and when was he sent on such a mission: also that ,■
he inform the Senate by what means, and through :
what channel, Santa Ana was informed that an !
order was issued to the commander of our naval j
forces in the gulf directing said commander not to ;j
obstruct his (Santa Ana's) return to Mexico; and ij
also that he transmit to the Senate copies of any u
coirespondence in possession of the Government ]|
relative to the terms or conditions on which Santa j
Ana was permitted to pass through our blockading ;
squadron, or in any manner relating to the subject
of So.vita Ana's return to Mexico. i
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the resolution was i
laid upon the table. ;
The following resolution, submitted yesterday i
by Mr. Bagby, was considered, and agreed to: i
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af- i
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency '
of establishing a national foundry at Tuscaloosa,
in the State of Alabama.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com- >
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill making compen- '
Ration to pension agents for their services; which :
was read, and passed to a second reading. j
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on the i
District of Columbia, reported a bill to amend the j
charter of the " Provident Association of Clerks |
in the civil departments of the Government of the-;
United States in the Distiictof Columbia;" which !
was read, and passed to a second reading. |
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public 1
Lands, to which the same had been referred, re- ;
ported back the bill to authorize the relinquishment j
of the sixteenth section, in certain cases, and the \
selection of other lands ill lieu thereof, without j
amendment. _ _ I
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which the same had been referred, re-
ported back the bill to extend the tune for selling
lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum for teach-
ing the deaf and dumb, without amendment.
Mr. NILES, fiom the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of Saltmarsh & Puller.
Mr. NILES, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the joint resolution from the
House, authorizing and directing the examination
and settlement of the claims of Alexander M.
Gumming, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Madison
Allen; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Foieign
Relations, reported a bill for the lelief of the per-
sonal representative of William A. Slacum de-
ceased; which was read, and passed to a second
reiding.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, made a leport upon the petition
of Joseph de la Francia; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ATCHISON (on leave) introduced a bill
to compromise the claim of the heirs or legal rep-
resentatives of John Smith, T., under a Spanish
grant; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill for the relief of Joshua Dodge was read
a third time, and passed.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
committee of the whole, the joint resolution for
the relief of William H. Thomas,
After some conversation between Messrs. JAR-
NAGIN, SEVIER, and MANGUM, the joint
resolution was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
WIDOWS' PENSIONS.
The bill for the relief of Mary McRae, widow
of Lieutenant Colonel William McRae, was taken
"PMr. BENTON requested the Secretary to read
the report made at the last session, and the Secre-
tary read it accordingly, and also the bill itself;
which was then reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The question of engrossment for a third reading
being before the Senate,
Mr. CALHOUN said, as he understood this bill,
for he had not heard the papers read, it was pro-
posed to give to the widow of an officer who died
m the service of the United States, but not in bat-
tle, a pension for live years.
Several voices: "For life."
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, for life; and all he
should say of it was, that it was a perfectly novel
application, so far as the army was concerned. It
was carrying the practice further than it had ever
been carried before; though he believed it had been
done in the navy. There were gentlemen there far
mote familiar with the subject than he was; but ii
his impression was correct, the practice, with re-
spect to the navy, had grown out of a law which
passed the Senate in a hurried manner at the end
of a session, and for which no Senator yet had
been found to take the responsibility. If his recol-
lection of it was correct—and the Senator ±rom
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] could correct him if
he was in error—there was a large amount which
had been collected and set apart for a pension fund,
out of pnzcs captured by the navy; and by the law
to which he had alluded, provision had been made
out of that fund to give to widows half-pay, under
certain circumstances. Ihere had been several
struggles made to overrule that system, in which
he had taken part; and he was under the impres-
sion that there had been some modification of the
;! law. In this, however, he must have been mis-
ij taken.
! Of the case of the widow of Colonel McRae, he
! | could only say, he had no doubt that it was a men-
i' torious one. Colonel McRae had doubtless served
'! his country faithfully; but it was impossible, under
i our form of Government, that such a pension sys-
I tcm could be pursued. It this bill became a law,
ij the consequence would be, it would drag others
ij after it; and the general principle would prevail of
■ extending pensions to the widows ot officers of the
I army. Now, he thought this bill ot so much im-
' portance, as to desire to see a full Senate when it
i was disposed of. Our pensions were already ex-
I tended beyond all propriety. There was not a
people on earth that extend their pension list as far
' as the United States. It constituted a means of
absorbing a large portion of our revenue; and if
! theie were no other objection, he thought this was
j a very improper period to commence tlie extension
i of the pension system.
| Under these impressions, he should certainly
i vote against the bill, and he called for the yeas and
! nays thereon.
The veas and nays were ordered.
i\Jr. BENTON, in reply, said the Senator from
i South Carolina was, no doubt, entirely correct in
■' supposing that if this bill should be passed it would
!' lead to further applications of the same kind. But
j it was a matter well woithy ot the serious con-
' sideration of the Senate, whether justice did not
' lequire at their hands the allowance of such pen-
1 sions. He had had the honor of submitting a res-
! olution on this subject oil the first day of the ses-
1 sion, directing the Committee on IVlilitaiy Allans
'i to inquire into the expediency of putting widows
■1 of the soldiers and officers of the army of the Um-
i ted States upon the same footing with the widows
i; ofthe officers and seamen in the navy. Ihe ques-
tion had been considered in the committee, and
it had instructed him to draw up a bill to accurn-
; plisli the object which he had designated. Such
j, a bill he was drawing up, and with that bill would
J come up more appropriately the general question
which the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
I. Calhoun] saw behind this bill. He (Mr. B.)
ii avowed that the general question did lie behind it;
| but as he designed bringing up that general ques-
i tion on the bill he was preparing, he thought it
would be preferable that this bill should not be
taken up until the question allude#to was settled,
so that the general principle should be settled be-
fore deciding upon an individual case. With this
view he proposed that this bill should be postponed
until after the other should.have been disposed of.
Mr. CALHOUN. Let it be laid upon the table
then.
Mr. BENTON. Yes; let it lie upon the table
for the present.
The bill was accordingly laid upon the table, to
be taken up at a future day.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS IN MICHIGAN.
The Senate next proceeded to consider tlje bill
, to apply alternate sections of the public domain for
| the completion of internal improvements in the
State of Michigan, and fos. other purposes.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE said it would be proper
for him to remark, that the second section of this
bill was precisely the same as that which passed
the Senate at a former session; indeed it had passed
some three or four times. 'He must, however, ex-
cept the first, which in the bill heretofore passed
had relation to what was called the Central Railroad,
extending through the whole State ftom Detroit to
Lake Michigan. Since the. last session, unfortu-
nately, as he believed, that railroad had been sold;
he had, therefore,stricken out from the bill, which
he had the honor to present, so much as relates to
the Central Railroad, and substituted that which
now relates to a railroad some fifty miles long, to
connect the Ohio railroads and Lake Erie. The
object was to get a continuous line ot railroad from
the Atlantic States, and he hoped it would meet
with the approbation of the Senate. In that ex-
pectation, he would not longer detain the Senate
with explanations.
Mr. BAGBY desired to inquire of the Senator
from Michigan whether the railroad for the com-
pletion of which this land was required, was the
property of the State or of individuals ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE replied that the State of
Michigan had sold its entire interest in the central
railroad to a company which had been incorpora-
ted for .that purpose. The State, as he had here-
tofore had occasion to remark, was opposed to it,
but it could not he under the imputation of repu-
diating its debts. It was absolutely forced to the
measure, to relieve itself from the embarrassment
of debt m&irred in its construction; the only alter-
native was to sell the road for what u would bring,
and the State, therefore, sold to individuals that
great work, which had hitherto belonged entirely
to the State. But the first section of this bill was
confined to the object of connecting that railroad
with the Ohio railroad. It was an interest which
appertained exclusively to the State. He hoped,
therefore, that no objection would be raised against
its passage, but that the bill would be adopted.
Mr NILES said it appeared now that if the
appropriation which was asked at the last session
for the Central Railroad had been granted, it would
have inured to the benefit of speculators. But now
they were told that there was another object in
view, which was to connect this eential railroad
with another road leading to Ohio. Well, who
was to be benefited by that ? Who would be bene-
fited by the extension ofthe Central Railroad to the
Ohio railroad? Why, very clearly, the company
that owns the eential railroad. It was intended,
evidently, to be a feeder to their road; and if the
landnow asked for were granted, it would be grant-
ed for the benefit of the company. These enter-
; prises are properly and rightfully pin-ate enter-
' prises. They succeed best in private hands—he
had almost said they succced in no other; and yet
' they were called upon here to step out of the right-
ful course of action and make a grant of the public
domain—for what > Why they knew not what—
whether it was for a State object or for the benefit
! of a corporation, or of a private company. And
; when this grant was made, every one must see they
had no further control over it, whatever provisions
I there might be in the bill, (but he did not perceive
j that there were any restrictive provisions in it.) It
I might go to the benefit of the State; but it was more
I likely that it would go for the benefit of some com-
i pany, that in the end would have the ownership of
! these public works. This was the simple view of
the matter. Such, he believed, would be the result.
To grant the public domain in a case like this,
would be worse than giving it away. He knew
not how much land had been already given to the
