116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,.
and independence of the legislative body. He
should not of course drtain the House at a moment
like this with an argument on the question; all he
desired had been to set himself right.
When submitting some remarks on a former
occasion, he had referred to a clause in the Consti-
tution which forbade any one who held an office
under the General Government to be at the same
time a member of either House. In those remarks
he had been misunderstood as meaning to say that
an officer in a volunteer corps was not an officer
of the United States. On the contrary^it was his
opinion that such an officer was an officer of the
United States under the meaning of the Constitu- I
tion. The Constitution declared that they should j
be subject to all the rules and articles of war in all |
respects as officers in the United States army; and
the President was einpoweied to organize the
militia, to apportion tlieir officers, &c., as he might j
deem proper. He had deemed it proper to let 'he J
States elect the officers of their volunteer corps as |
high as the grade of colonel; but they were em- , ^ ^            
ployed and piud by the United States Government. |j si,au j,e authorized, by and witli the advice and consei
Mr S thought that all these tilings were sufficient 'the Semite, to appoint a huiiternmt geneial, who shall
to ^howthcu an officer of volunteers was an officer jj
It was" certamly^he duty of Congress to take ii Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON then addiessed the
in the lands aforesaid for which their lespeetive husbands
may have served, which said condition granting a hte estate
to the widow a*oiesaid, shall be expressed in the patents
issued upon the wat rants last aforesaid.
Sec. JO. And be it further emitted, That the land war-
rants piovided for by this act shall not in any manner, nor
for any pu: pose whatever, be assignable, negotiable, or trans-
ferable; and that all contracts or agreements for the sale,
conveyance, ti.uisfer, assignment, or encumbrance, of any
ri<*ht, interest, pioperty, or estate therein, or in, or to, the
lands upon which the same may be located prior to the time
when said warrants have been located, and a patent i-sued
for the lands covercd by said warrants, shall be held and
i considered, and the same are hereby declared, to be void. ^
i " Sec. 11. Add he it farther enacted, That ?o much ot the \\
■ act passed on the 13th day of May, 1846. entitled ' An nctfor i!
' the prosecution of the e\i-ting war between the United States :
i and the republic of Mexico,' as autliojizes the President of [ |
: the United States to accept the services of volunteers lor ;j
| twelve months, be, and the fame is hereby, repealed; and !
i the Pi evident i ; hereby authorized to accept the services of j
[ volunteers tinder the provisions of said act, in companies, i(
1 squadrons, battalions, or regiments, at his discietion.'' I
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON gave notice of an \\
ii
amendment; which, however, was not read. It is ;
as follows, viz:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President !
 '  ent of
take ;
cave that r o intrusion should be commuted upon
their body or its pri\ileges by order of the Execu-
tive department; surely, then, it was not too much
to ask that they would inquire whether such intru-
sion had in fact taken place. The same question,
moreover, might be forced upon the House, per-
haps, within a few days, in the case of Governor
Yell. He understood that the Legislature of Ar-
kansas had declared that he had vacated his seat
in Congress, and had therefore proceeded to elect
a successor to his seat. It was true that no State
Legislature had power to declare whether a seat on
that floor was or was not vacant; that was a ques-
tion foi C-otii;i es^ alone to dci ulo. But if Congres*
'decided that the seat was -\ucant, as he presumed
they would, they would probably receive his suc-
cessor; but if they decided that there was in reality
no vacancy, then the election of his successoi
would of course be void. He should like to have i
the House decide the question before the politics j
of the successor of Mr. Yell should be certainly i
known. From the politics of the predecessor and !
the political character of the State one would natu- j
rally conclude that the successor was of the same j
political preferences; hut the tumor at this tune ;
was, that he was a Whiir. The present was a fa- ,
■vorable opportunity t<> have the question decided \
free from all party bias. ;
TJ iving t-KW expre^od the views he desired to |
submit, he would withdraw his appeal fiom the I
decision of the Chair. }
The question was then taken on the motion to I
lay on the table the bill to reoiganize the district |
courts of the United States m the State of Alabama; !
and the House refused to lay the said bill on the i
table. j
On motion of M'\ HILLIARD, the bill was .
then referred to a select committee, consisting of.
the members lepro^eniing Hie State of Alabama. I
INCREASE OP THE ARMY. !
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole ou the slate
of the Union, Mr. Hot-stok, of Alabama, in the i
chair, and resumed the consideration of the special ;
order, being the bill to raise for a limited time an
additional military force, and for other purposes,
with the amendments thereto pending.
Air. ANDREW JOHNSON was entitled to the
floor, but yielded for the moment co
Mr. CUMMINS, who gave notice of the follow-
ing amendments:
(Tihb vtts"-? amendment)—After the wo-d ' di-s-
clro\re' ill''"? t : or wbo may h1; killed or die m the -c vice.'
"3k c:.<"«! .i:nenrin>M *}—After the woid'arm} *
ins'tt'o!  \bo ji!<iv die oi be killed m tin: service.'
8 Thn> the r luld or children, if there he an\. and
if there be no e.nld or chikhrn then tne father oi mother,
and if thcic be no ehihi <-< .'hildr* n, latliei ot mother, then
th'- ti'jxt ef kiu of rhc Mock! of any non commissioned offi-
cer. miiMcian. oi p'i 'Ote of the aimv of the United States,
or militia, or vo'unteei> sei^n^ in the army, who maybe
hilled in b.ude o: die in th" -e>VR-e dining the eM-tmy war
wirh "VIckwo, 'drill be entitled to a \van:wit im oee hundred
t n l sixty acre< of land, ;i->d -hall b  enft'ed to locat" the
same upon any land.-, of th^ United ^taf? subject to cutty
at die tune --aid \vf\rumts ate located: Piovirled, ulmujs,
That fiie widow--, of rhe non-conmisMoned officer*, iiiim-
ctanv. and piivate-, -w ho may die or be killed as aforesaid,
shall, in all case-, he <• ntitled to have and enjoy a life "state
\\ committee. He said:
In presenting himself before the committee that 1
morning, he did not intend to discuss so much the j
bill immediately before them, as the general ques- j
: tions connected with the war and the policy of tlie |
| Administration with regard to it. It appeared to
. him that a very strange position had been taken by
I one of the speakers, and not so strange either; but,
! at all events, he thought that thegentleman was very
I bold in taking that position. He (Mr. J.) could not ;
I hut admire the spirit, frankness, and candor of the j
j gentleman m taking that position. Gieat com- .
! plaint had heen found with the President for the
i use he had made in his message of the, words "aid ■
; and comfo.-t." Yesterday, however, a position
| had been assumed which he thought fully autho- j
i lized the inference that any individual, or any party, '
or clique, who assumed that position, were, whether
!, they intended or not, extending "aid and comfort" \
\ to the enemy of the country. Vesterday they weie ,
! told by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mc- ;
! Gaugiiey,] that he did not intend to vote for the
' bill under consideration—that he did not intend to
i vote m favor of raising any more armies—that he
!; intended to vote against ail" measures which might
be introduced into that House for tlie purpose of
prosecuting the war, unless there was a certain
provision that the army was to be withdrawn
' within the legitimate boundaries of the United
| States. Well, if tliat was an indication, to any
, extent, of the fce'ings or opinions of the party with
■ i whom the Gentleman acted, it seemed to him
i! (Mr. J.) that"there was a fixed and settled purpose
j| —at least, he had a light to infer that thete was a
|j purpo.-^—of extending " aid and comfort" to the
'1 enemies of tlie country. To what was such a
l! declaration equivalent? Was it not virtually pro-
claiming in the ears of Mexico that there was a
: powerful party in the United States that had taken
| the ground that they would neither vote supplies,
'I nor in any way assist their own Government in
' the prosecution of the war? That they would vote
■; for nothing, unless the aimy in the field, and tlie
r squadron m the Gulf, were withdrawn clearly
within the limits and jurisdiction of the United
■ Suites : Dal not all that indicate a resolute deter-
. rnination to paralyze the aim of the Government of
, the United State a, and protract the war bv every
pos-ibie means, until a change m the Administra-
tion eouhl lo perchance effected ! It was under-
'I stood—the position had been taken before tlie
coanlry—that the Democratic party, with the pres-
e:tt Administration at its head, intended to prose-
, cute this w,\r until an honorable peace was made.
\l But if the opposite party took the ground that they
■ j would resist the irrant of any supplies, would it
i i not afford a powerful stimulant to the enemy ? Yet
,, that was certainly a fair deduction from the re-
j, peaied declarations mode yesterday by the gentle-
\\ man from Indiana, to whom he. had alluded; and
who had expressly stated that if the opinions he
had uttered were not those of the Whig party, then
he was no longer a Wing. It was, then, for his
party to declare whether he was really a Whig or
not. But it was not his (Mr. J.'s) design to occupy
much of his time in any reply to the gentleman
from Indiana.
A few days since they had- been favored with a
speech from one of the "immortal fourteen" who
voted against the bill authorizing the President to
receive into the United States army fifty thousand
volunteers, and appropriating ten millions to defray
the expenses. Yet now that same gentleman, with
bold and unabashed front, stood tip before the
House, and resisted all supplies ! Tfie gentleman
declared that he intended to persist in that opposi-
tion; and in the effort to establish and maintain a
plausible position for himself and his party, the
gentleman had attempted to impose upon the coun-
try proof which was nowhere to be found. He
[Mr. Hudson] assumed the position that the troops
of the United States had invaded Mexico; and
attempted to maintain his position by reference to
documentary evidence. As he (Air. J.) did not
wish to occupy much time in paying his respects
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, he would
ask their attention to one item only of the evidence
adduced by him in support of his position, m order
that the House might discover how the gentleman
has mutilated his authority. The gentleman quo-
ted in his speech what purported to be an extract
from one of the letters of the American charge
d'affaires in Texas. The gentleman said:
"Mr. Donelbon, writing to Mr. Buchanan fiom Galveston,
under date of June 1845, says : {It h believed that Mexico
i  concentrating troop?, on the Rio Grande, where Texas as
yet has established no posts.'' "
That was thrown in by the gentleman, in con-
nexion with other items, for the purpose of proving
an-admission, on, the part of Mr. Donelson, that
the country was Mexican territory; that Texas
; had established no posts there as yet. But when
| the House came to the paragraph from which that
| garbled quotation had been made, they would per-
' ceive the monstrous injustice to Mr. Donelson—
■ the shallow artifice upon that House, which had
] been attempted by the honorable gentleman from
! Massachusetts. What did Mr. Donelson say?
j He vsaid:
j u It is Ivheved that Mexico is; concentrating troop6? on the
i Rio Grande, where Texas has as yc t established no posts. If
\ this be so, it is possible that Texas mcy send a force there to
\ remoxe intruders."
I "Intruders." Where? Upon the soil of the.
' State of Texas, of course ! After that sample of
;; the honorable gentleman's suppressio teri—after
'' that specimen brick of the fabric which he had
|; reared, the House would be enabled to judge of
;i the integrity of the structure. That gentleman had
;; talked a great deal about Cfesar, and usuipers,and
J all that sort of thing—the usual staple of declama-
tory opposition. In the introduction of his speech
ij he had quoted a remarkable passage from "Cato."
' They all knew—and he (Mr. J.) made the remark
|, in no disrespect—they all knew the singular air of
;! sincerity with which th* gentleman was accustom-
■: ed to deliver his speeches, and which at once
j | stamped them with the impress of honesty. When
he read that paragraph from Mr. Donelson's letter,
it was not at all strange that he (Mr. J.) should
j have been disposed to allow it to pass without
'■ questioning it, though it did sound lather oddly.
■ But in running over the coiresnondence, he (Mr.
; J.) happened accidentally to discover the great
discrepancy presented. Now, he knew not what
f system of ethics thegentleman had honored with
II his homase—he did not know in what school of
morality he had been educated—but certainly this
'' he would say, that an individual who could delib-
eratelv and wilfully suppress a material portion of
' a paragraph, and employ the balance of it to estab-
| hsh a proposition wholly unauthorized by the
: paragraph when taken together, placed himself in
a position of which that House and the country
1 wete fully competent to judge. He (Mr. J.) was
, not accustomed to inquire mto the private charac-
; ter or relations of membcis of that body; but it
1 did strike him with no little surprise,when became
1 to reflect that this thijig had been done by one who
| hod been solemnly dedicated to the service of God
—whose business was the care of souls—who held
j a commission from the skies to reform men, and
, qualify them for a future state. He did think that
it was a singular thing, and entirely iireconcilable
, With his (Mr. J.'s) ideas of sound morals, to make
use of a paragraph in that way in older to establish
a proposition duectly the revei se of that enunciated
in the paragiaph itself. Yet the air of extieme
candor and sincerity with which the thing was
! done, was quite irresistible ! It reminded him very
J, much of a picture which he (Mr. J.) had seen
H hanging on the fireplace in a certain gentleman's
