118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
osition that was accepted ? Was it the President
of the United States^ "Was it a Whig or a Demo-
crat? Why, it was his (Mr. J.'s) worthy col-
league [Milton Brown] who introduced the meas-
ure there, after the various Democratic proposi-
tions had been voted down; and after that resolu-
tion, introduced by a good Whig of the State of
Tennessee, had been adopted, Almonte, the Envoy
Extraordinary of Mexico, said it was justifiable
cause of war, and immediately demanded his pass-
ports. And who voted for that resolution, admit-
tingTexasr Why, his colleague, [Mr. Gentry]—
all voted for it. And then, to follow up the matter
a little further, what did the Mexican Government
say to Mr. Slidell ? They authorized the follow-
ing explicit language to be addressed to him:
u For those reasons the undersigned, in compliance with
Iris instructions, finds himself required to protest, as he does
in fact protest, in the most solemn manner, in the name of
Ins Government, against the law passed on the 28th of thu
last month by the general Congi ess of the United State:-, ana
approved on the first of the piesent month by flic President
of these States, whereby the province of Texas, an integrant
portion of the Mexican territory, is agreed and admitted [se
coTtsiente y udmite] into the American Union. The under-
signed moreover protects, in the name of his Government,
that the said law can in nowise invalidate the rights on
which Mexico relies to recovcr the abovomentxoiied prov-
ince of Texas, of which she now sees herself unjustly de-
spoiled ; and that she will maintain and uphold those rights
at all tunes, by everv means which may be in her power."
Well, who stood by and sanctioned all those
measures against which Mexico thus protested?
The subsequent Congress passed a resolution ad-
mitting Texas—that was the consummation of the
measure. His (Mr. J.'s) colleague should have
recalled his vote for the admission of Texas; for
that was the cause of the war. Had Mexico ever
fixed upon any line of boundary ? Had any ques-
tion of boundary ever conic up ? Could the United
States authorize any line except that recognised by
Texas herself when acting in her sovereign capaci-
ty ! jNto. No question of boundary had arisen.
But war had commenced. Mexico had declared
that cause of war existed—that the consummation
of the annexation of Texas was that causc. Then
what did they do ? They crossed the Rio Grande;
they attacked. Captain Thornton and the sixty men
with him, wounding, killing many, and taking the
others prisoners. On the 8th and 9th of May they
met General Taylor on this side of the Rio Grande,
within the limits of Texas, and there the battles
were fought. On the 13th of May, Congress was
called on to pass the act recognising the existence
of war betweeu the United States and Mexico.
Now, did not his colleague vote for the act3 The
war began. Congress was called on to place in
the hands of the Government money and men in
order to resist the invasion of Mexico, and to
prosccute the war with success. And what did j
that act say? [Mr. J. quoted the pieainble of the j
law.] Who said so ? Who had declared that j
war existed by the act of the republic of Mexico ? j
What act? Why, the crossing of the Rio Grande.
But his colleague said that they had been called i
upon in a gieat emergency, and that General Tay- :
lor was likely to be cut off. Now, let them mailt j
that the battles were fought on the 8th and 9th, I
and on the 13th Congress acted. Was it possible !
that anything Congress could have done then could j
have afforded relief to General Taylor? No. His
army must have been either victorious or cut off
long before the action of Congress could have ■
availed him. But osrain, it was said by his col-
league that he and others had been compelled to
vote under the operation of the "gag-," that there
was no escape—no alternative. And then h3
turned round and said he was opposed to the war,
and denounced it as u a President's war !" Well,
now, the first section of the bill No. 14o authorized
the President to receive into the army of the Uni-
ted States a given number of militia, and autho-
rized him to repel the invasion. P>ut his colleague
was not satisfied with that. Oh! no. He [Mr.
Gkvtry] went further, and declared, under the
solemn sanction of an oath, that war existed by
the act of the republic of Mexico. And then he
went on and gave the President fifty thousand men
and ten millions of dollars to prosecute the war.
He (Mr. J.) now asked the country and the House
how all that comported with the bold assertions of
the gentleman made on that floor a few days ago?
With his own vote staring him full in the face, the
gentleman had the hardihood to come there and
declaim about the ruins of the Constitution, and
urge his countrymen to resist the progress of that
despotic usurper, the President of the United States!
But the gentleman went on and said:
" The President next undertook to give a history of the
outrages of Mexico on the people of Texas, trorn the first
existence of that State to the present time; and this was
done with a view to create the impression that these were
the causes of the war. But no man of sense could admit
such an idea: it was intended for fools, and for foois only.
Mr. G. did not controvert the position that for these out-
rages we had had good cause for war against Mexico Jong,
ago ; and if the President had openly biought them before
Congress, and recommended war on that ground, Mr. G.
did net know but he might have been in favor of it; but
the case was otherwise, and the Executive had not consult-
ed Congress in the matter till lie was urged by imperious
necessity."
Thus it would be seen, that out of the gentle-
man's own mouth he stood condemned. In these
few sentences the gentleman had refuted his own ;
speech. He admitted the justice of the war. He j
recognised the tiuth of the position assumed by the :
President. The war was right, but the President
had got into it wrong—that was all! Then the
gentleman proceeded:
"The general rule was, that it was expedient ami wise,
when tlie nation was engaged in a war constitutionally
made, that al! debate about the expediency or propriety of
the war should cease, and th t all should unite to bring it
to an honorable conclusion; and, wlien that was accom-
plished, then to hold the public functionaries engaged in
originating and prosecuting it to a strict responsibility. That
was the general rule."
That was all right. The gentleman had him-
self voted for the war—voted for it at every step,
and yet now, in open and most extraordinary vio-
lation of his own rule, thus gravely set down, he
denounced the war! He [Mr. Gentry] wanted
to know what they were to do with the new ac-
quisitions of territory. That was, indeed, a strange
inquiry, corning from him. It was hardly to be
expected that that gentleman,would have intro-
duced such an element into the discussion. He
(Mr. J.) regretted that his hour was so neailyout.
He had not had time to do more than glance at
the gross inconsistencies and erroneous and en-
tirely gratuitous assertions of his colleague. lie
could have wished to allude also to the speech of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McGabgbey,]
who desired the troops to be withdrawn; and to
that of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] who
declaimed so feelingly about the price to be paid
for the brave men who had perished on the field.
He (Mr. J.) would ask, were those gentlemen wil-
ling that the bones of those heroic patriots should
lie exposed to the indignity of Mexican hate?
Were they prepared to yield up their graves to
Mexican desecration ?
[Here the hour expired.]
Mr. H1LLIARD, of Alabama, said that thq
; debate concerning the war with Mexico had taken
so wide a range that he had determined not to take
! any part in it, but rather to wait till some practical
; question should arise which would afford a more
: legitimate ground for what he desired to say.
Sucli a question was now before the committee.
I Not that Mr. I-I. complained of the talented and
interesting debate which had already taken place;
he only regretted the asperities which, in too many
instances, had marked it on both sides. In all
constitutional governments, great latitude of de-
; bate must be allowed. The course of executive
1 power must he freely scrutinized; it ought to be,
and he trusted (lie time never would arrive, when,
! in this Government, such freedom should be de-
nied. A French King had once said, "lam the
I State;" but a President of the United States could
make use of no such language. He occupicd, it
I was true, an exalted and very influential position in
! the Government, but he must expcct to have his
I public course closely scrutinized, and, in some
] cases, very harshly judged. In royal govern-
' ments, where it was usual for the monarch to ad-
! dress the legislature in person, it was customary,
j in discussing the reply to the royal speech, for the
i utmost freedom of debate to be indulged in, and
j the greatest freedom of remark permitted, without
| complaint. In England, when an address was
I made from the throne, the reply of Parliament
manifested the highest degree of jealousy on the
| part of that body for the rights of Englishmen.
! And should we, who professed to have yet larger
j views of public liberty, attempt to restrain the ut-
most latitude of remark on the course of those
intrusted with power? Certainly not. Previous
to Mr. Jefferson's time, the American Presidents,
in imitation of the royal example set us by the
mother country, came to Congress and addressed
both Houses m person. But in J801, Mr. Jeffer-
son adopted, as more convenient, the practice of
sending an Executive message, and a very anima-
ted debate took place oil the topics it contained.
Mr. H. should not attempt to enter on an ex-
amination of the Executive message laid before the
present session of Congress, nor should he criticise
its language in the same spirit which he had wit-
nessed in some gentlemen here.
The great topic of the message was the war. It
must be of necessity. The country was at war,
and the war must, of course, form the great promi-
nent colossal figure in the foreground of the na-
tional picture, while round it would be grouped,
but in subdued tone and in more distant view, the
other accompanying circumstances of our public
affairs. The war was the great theme of the whole
country; it was proper that it should form the
principal topic in the message.
Most extraordinary declarations had been made
during the past debate in regard to thfc war, and
such as Mr. H. was not at liberty to pass over in
silence. It was not his desire to precipitate the
question to which allusions had been made: it was
not his design to make this Hall the field of hot
controversy, by bringing for discussion here a
question which must shake this Hall and shake the
nation: but there was no getting round it; it had
been thrown upon them, and they could not avoid
it.
And first, as to the war, Mr. H. was perfectly
willing;gentlemen should represent here every color
and every varying shade of opinion which existed
among their constituency all over the Union. He
claimed the same right as to his own. He con-
curred m opinion with a distinguished Senator
fiom Delaware, [Mr. J. M.Clayton;] he was most
■ decidedly m favor of sustaining the war. He
I agreed with the honorable gentleman from the city
I of Philadelphia [Mr. Ingersoi.l] who had avow-
! ed the same determination. The question was not
j now whether we should plunge into a war or not;
j but the question was, a war having been com-
! menced, should we sustain the war or let it go
■ down ?
Were the question now to be presented to lnnv
between peace and war, Mr. H. would undoubt-
edly be in favor of peace. But no such election
t was offered to him. The spectacle before him was
| u war in progress; his own country on one side, a
I foreign country on the other. This was enough
for him; he ranged himself with that side on which
he saw his country's standard. Over the troops
now in Mexico floated the same standard which
had been borne in the Revolution, and which often
had been dimmed by the smoke of battle, and
around which hostile bayonets had bristled, but
which had emerged from the conflict covered with
the light of victory. Would gentlemen see that
banner trailing in the dust? Or did they desire
that it should be borne in triumph on whatever
j breeze it should be flung ? lie was very sure that
\ every gentleman here exulted in its triumphs. The
; fleets which were now blockading the ports and
j cruising on the coast of Mexico, bore the same
glorious flag that streamed from the mast-head of
the Constitution, when she carried the thunder of
our arms to distant seas) or, swimming along our
own coast, rushed upon her prey. And so long
as he saw those stars gleaming, he cared not under
what sky, his heart told him that, as an Ameri-
can, he must follow where they led. The question
for Congress was, " Shall we prosecute this war?"
On that question Mr. H. could not hesitate for a
moment. The Constitution confeired on Congress
the prerogative of declaring war. We had recog-
nised the existence of the war; and by that vote
had made the Chief Magistrate responsible for the
mode of conducting it. So long as he was thus
responsible, by the theory of our Government the
President is charged with the conduct of the war.
It was for us to say how far we would go in voting
supplies; and it must be a great crisis indeed, and
I one which he had never yet seen, which would
I warrant him in refusing to vote them. Other gen-
I tlemen must decide fur themselves; these were his ,
i convictions.
But every war had an object. What had been
the object of the great war of the Revolution?
Liberty first, and then independence. Our fathers
struck, not on account of a petty duty on tea, but
because that twopenny duty involved a mighty
principle. They snuffed oppression in the tainted
gale. We struggled for freedom; and in that
