1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
struggle we had the sympathy of mankind. In the
late war the object was the immunity of our flag:
that those who sailed under the American flag
should look to that flag to protect and defend them.
That war was successful. Never again would any
foreign Power attempt to violate the protecting
sanctity of our national banners.
What was the object now? The immunity of
our soil, and redress for past wrongs. Whenever
Mexico should be disposed to yield them, he held
we were bound to accept them at her hands. Till
then he could not hesitate a moment not only to
hold what we had obtained, but to make still
stronger demonstrations. Because, until the ob-
jects of the war were accomplished, we must pros-
ecute these objects. He had no desire for a war
of conquest. He had no wish to strip a weak
neighbor because we were.stronger than she. But,
till Mexico gave some unequivocal sign that she
was willing to give us honorable peace, he should
vote to continue the war, and prosecute it with the
utmost vigor. He was for following the advice of
Polonius: " Beware of entrance to a quarrel; but,
being in, so be in it that the opposer may beware
<of thee-.55
Could he see the sacred dove of peace bearing
but a single olive leaf in her bill, he would most
gladly hail her approach. But, till then, he held
that we were bound, as a nation, to prosecute the
war. We ought not to strike with a view to dis-
member the possessions of a weaker people; but
he would so strike as to convince her that we meant
to have a peace, and would take it only on honor-
able terms. He would accept the first sign of
peace offered by Mexico, and would grant her the
most generous terms. They should be marked by
the magnanimity of a great nation treating with a
weak one.
The President said he desired poace. But, if
there was anything in his early instructions to
those whom he sent to conduct the war, or if, sub-
sequently, there had been any violations of the
law of nations, which went to show on his part a
desire of conquest, then was the war diverted from
its true and legitimate purpose. Mr. H. was not,
in a factious spirit, about to inquire whether the
President had transcended his authority. He had
a nobler purpose. It was comparatively a small
question whether the President was to go out of
office with honor or not. Mr. H. had a loftier
purpose. For the time being, the President had
the conduct of this war under his charge. The
question was whether the instructions he had given
disclosed or not, a purpose of conquest ? He
should speak to that question in the spirit of fair-
ness, without attempting to misrepresent the Presi-
dent.
What were the instructions given to those whom
he had sent out as the agents of his will r He
would read first from a letter of the Secretary of
War, dated June 3,1846, and addressed to General
Kearny, marked "confidential:"
u You may assure the people of thobe piovinces that it is
the wjsh and design of the United States to provide tor them
a free government with the least possible delay, similar to
that which exists in our lViritories. They will then be
called on to evomso the rights of freemen in electing their
own representatives to the Territorial Legislature. It is
foreseen that what relates to the civil government will be a
difficult and unpleasant pail of your duty, and much must
necessarily he left to your own discietion."
How had this discretion been employed? In
declaring that the conquered provinces were an-
nexed to the United States, and in devising and
proclaiming a large and extensive scheme of civil
government, looking evidently to the permanent
annexation of the whole territory to the American
confederacy.
Another document to which he should refer was
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy to Com-
modore Stockton:
" You will, therefore, under no circumstances, voluntarily
lower the flag of the Unit"d States, or relinquish the actual
possession of Upper California. Of other points of the
Mexican territory, winch the forces under your command
may occupy, you will mainldin the possession or withdraw,
as in your judgment may be most advantageous in prosecu-
tion of the war."
But of California, was the possession to be given
up under any circumstances whatever? Mr. H.
did not undertake to say whether this was right or
wrong: the question was as to the purpose on the
part of the Executive to hold these provinces as
permament conquests. Mr. H. would not say
whether, by prosecuting the war, we were eventu-
ally to acquire new territory or not; but what he
119
contended for was, that we ought not so to carry
on the war as to violate the law of nations. That
code was sacred, and was solemnly to be observed
by us and by all other nations. It was not a col-
lection of abstract essays on public questions of
right and wrong. These laws were as diffusive as
the air we breathed; they spread themselves, by a
sort of omnipresence, over land and sea. They
were never silent, even in the midst of wars. No
nation might disregard them. Gustavus Adolphus,
in all his wars for civil and religious liberty, car-
ried Grotius with him in his tent, and took it as
his guide. We should be careful to do the same.
Hooker's well-known and eloquent eulogy on law
in general, applied in all its force and beauty to the
law of nations. Well might he say: "Of law,
' there can be no less acknowledged than that her
' seat is the bosom of God, her voice the harmony
1 of the world; all thjngs in heaven and earth do her
4 homage; the very least as feeling her care., and J
' the greatest as not exempt from her powers |
Now, what was the language of this law in regard 1
to the rights which resulted from conquest? On 1
this subject, he would turn to Vattel, who was
generally acknowledged as the highest authority.
[Here Mr. II. quoted.]
The argument made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia on this subject was a very able one. Mr. H. '
admitted its ability, but the gentleman misapplied I
the law. What did he say: |
"The right of the State to its public pioperty or domain j
is absolute, and excludes that ot its own subje< ts, as well a->
other nations. The national proptieury rig.it, in respect to ,
tho^o things belonging to private individuals or bodice cor- [
porate within its tentorial limits, is absolute, as fai as it !
excludjs that of other nations; but ni lespuet to the mem- ;
beisotthj State it is. -paraiiiuunt only, and tonus what is '
called the eminent domain."—lVhealons$ Law of JVL&ons,
p. 208.
"The existing state of possession is maintained, except j
so far as altered by the terms of treaty, if nothing be said \
about the conquered countries or places, they remain with [
the conqueror, and his title cannot attorn aids be called in i
question."—Ibid. p. 572. 1
That was the law as to the property question; 1
none disputed that it was so. But the question of 1
property was not the quevstion here: the question '
was, when the conquered sovereignty retired, and ■
the conquering sovereignty took its place, what I
were the political rights which he acquired? And ;
here the law of nations required that the conqueror 1
should administer the government of the conquered j
territory as he found it; the laws were to remain j
as he found them. i
Mr. H. desired ^o be understood. He did not ask j
whether the President had wielded this power or j
not; but the question was, whether the laws he |
had imposed did or did not show that these terri- j
tones were regarded as permanent conquests? J
That was the question. And on that question he i
said that the proofs were strengthened as investi- |
gation proceeded; that these territories were from l!
the beginning so regarded; that the Administra- jj
tion contemplated not a merely temporary, but a !i
permanent sway to be exerted over them.
What did the gentleman from Virginia say as to
the doctrine of national law on this point: ji
" Its right? It was its duly—a duty plainly resulting from i1
the right of conquest. The law of nations told u-< why. j
Wheaton said, that in all conquests upon land, permanent ji
occupation was looked to; and, theielbre. it was the duty i;
of the conqucnng nation to exercise its rights with all piac- ;j
ticable leniency, so as to leconole the conqueied people, as l
far and as soon as possible, to the nt'W jui isdiction to which J '>
they were ttansferred. It was clear!} the duty ot the con-
queung Power to establish civil government of some form
and to some extent over territory conquered. And the right ,j
to establish such government implied the right to judge of I!
its form. Ordinanly that form should be assimilated, <3s far
as might be, to the government of the conqueiing Power,
because the sooner the people become acru-tomed lo the i
government under which they were in future to live the [
better." ,
Now Mr. H. insisted that the law which the ;
gentleman applied to these territories was law
which related to permanent conquests, and not to
such as were held in temporary possession merely.
He readily admitted that if a conquered possession
was to be permanently held and incorporated with i
the territory of the conquering nation as its own, "
the conqueror had a right to extend his own laws
over it, but not when the tenure was temporary ,
only. In that case the country must continue to
be governed by the subsisting laws. The mam j
question was, what Power was to apply the laws in
a territory temporarily held. Those who so held it
were not to expel all the government which existed
there before it came into their pussession. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward]
|| had put this matter in its true light. It might well
j! be remarked here too that it was not for the con-
|! quering general to say what should be the govern-
|i uient of the country he had seized. He was bound
j| to.maintain his military occupation of it; but it
jl was his Government that was to establish the laws
j! over it, not a merely temporary officcr. The real
ji question is, not whether a milder or harsher form
| of government has been introduced, but whether
j the occupied provinces are regarded and treated
: as permanent conquests already annexed to this
; country.
I Mr. H. said that his objcct was not to cast any
| censure either onathe President or his officer, but
I to show that the law quoted by the gentleman
j from Virginia did not apply to the case of territory
held only in a temporary manner. To him, how-
ever, it did seem that the instructions given did
disclose the purpose of making this a war of con-
| quest.
j It had been said that, in the case of the conquest
I of Castine by the British in the last war, goods im-
' ported into that port were not subject to the duties
imposed by our revenue laws. This was true; but
that was a question of property, not a question of
; civil liberty or of political rights. In the case of
, the United States vs. Rice, the facts were these:
goods were impoitcd into Castine in September,
1814, during its occupation by the enemy, and re-
mained there until its evacuation. Upon the re-
estabhshment of the American Government, were
they subject to American duties? The Supreme
Court decided they were not, upon the principle
that the sovereignty of the United States over the
.• territory in possession of the British troops was
! suspended, and the inhabitants passed undera tern-
, porary allegiance to the British Government, and
! were under such laws as they chose to recognise
> and enforce.
j If there had been on our part violations of the
j law of nations, they were blots on the fair charac-
! ter of the nation; because, in that case, we might
appear in the eyes of foreign nations to have been
waging a meie war for conquest.
The proclamation of General Harrison had been
referred to; buttheie was a broad contrast between
that document and the proclamation of General
Kearny. Mr. H. felt a profound interest in the
memoiy of Ilamson. It was conseciated by the
most astonishing political victory that the annals
of this country could show. [Mr. H. here quoted
I General Harrison's proclamation, dated 17th Octo-
j ber, 1812.] Here was no subversion of subsisting
laws; no appointment of alcalde; no appointment
of judges, sheriffs, and a hundred other officers;
the laws were suffered to remain. True, he said,
I the commissions of all magistrates were suspended,
| but their authority was still continued under that of
i the United States. In taking possession of Upper
: Canada, he said, "The district is now in the quiet
' ' possession of our troops: it becomes necessary to
1 ' provide for its government; therefore we hereby
'proclaim and make known that the rights and
' privileges of the inhabitants, and the laws and
'customs of the country, as they existed or were
i in force at the period of our arrival, shall continue
* to prevail."
Had a course like this been pursued in the pres-
ent case, wc should have been freed from the pres-
ent controversy. The spectacle would not have
been pr<gsented to the world of our indecent haste
to provide new forms of government the moment
we had obtained military possession of one of the
provinces of our enemy. The question was not
"Who did it?" On that Mr. H. had nothing to
s&y. The true and the great question was, " How
will this affect the character of our country ? How
shall we appear in the eyes of men who coolly and
in silence look at the principles of right, and judge
our motives by what has been done?"
There were other topics to which Mr. H. must
now tuin. A gentleman on the other side had this,
morning declared that our intention was to keep
all we now had, and to keep slavery forever out of
these provinces.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Preston
King] had told the House this, in so many words.
In reply, Mr. H. would tell that gentleman he
was treading on dangerous ground; that he was
speaking rashly. Mr. H. said he was not averse
to the extension of the territory of the United
States; he did not feel on that subject the appre-
hensions which haunted the minds of some gen-
tlemen. He believed that such was the elasticity
