120
THE -CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
of the principles of our federal system of govern-
ment, that it might be made to extend itself over
any space, great or small. It resembled the fabled
tent in the Arabian Nights, which could cover with
its shade few or many. But if territory is acquired,
Jet it be in a legitimate mariner—by purchase; or
the coming in of a neighboring people who had
attained a high degree of civilization. He took
the ground now which he had taken before on* the
Oregon question. He had no right to say to the
Executive department of the Government what
should be done, and therefore he considered it
highly improper to introduce such projects here as
had been alluded to this morning. It might look
very patriotic, and it might be traced to" a high j
sense of morality, that a gentleman regarded sla-}
very as a crime; but M:. H. regarded u as a solemn j
interference with the province and duties of another
of u portion of their political importance. "Why,
then, and by what right, was slavery to be limited
to the piecise extent it now occupied? If there
were States to be formed at then* side, under the
same burning sun, and covering the same fertile
plains, had they not common interests and common
sympathies? Why was every occasion seized on
to interfere with those interests ? Slavery was their
concern; why not leave them to manage it? If it
had its advantages, it had its evils also. He asked,
in the name of liberty and of the Constitution, that
it should not be made here a theme for angry dis-
putation. Let not gentlemen rise up in their places
and meet them with speeches and projects such as
those to which they had listened, and which had
been surreptitiously brought into the House this
morning, if this thing was to be done, this Gov-
ernment would be unequal, and its days would he.
department of the Government to fix in advance '] onmbeied. The spirit lingered still m the South
A motion was made that the House do now ad«
journ; on which tellers were appointed.
The tellers reported, for adjournment 71, against
it 67.
And accordingly the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 6, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
the terms of a treaty hereafter to be concluded
with Mexico. That belonged to the treaty-making !;
power. It was for that House to discuss questions !j
of a very different character. Would the gentle- !j
man say he meant to hold all the terntory we'!
might acquire, and to exclude slavery from every i|
part of ni If he did, he would warn that gentle- j)
man that, on that question, this Union could only |j
stand on those compromises which he regarded in |!
their sacred obligation as second only to the Con- \\
siitution. The compromise which had taken place
on the Missouri question had been suiriciently
disadvantageous to the. South. He said this in no
offensive sense. The South did not interfere in
the concerns of the North. They were actuated
toward her by a lofty feeling of brotherhood. He
which had produced our Revolution—j spirit
which would stand for political rights to the very
last. They would cling to the piilats of the Con-
stitution as long as they could; they would listen
to the parting words of Washington, which yet
vibrated in their ears, as long a^ endurance was
possible; but whtn they found they were to be
downtrodden, they would be constrained, though
it would be with deep grief, to give up an alliancc,
which was to be marked only by wrongs and op-
pressions, and gather about their homes and their
propei ty.
Hut he trusted that hour would never come.
Yet the spirit which had this day been manifested
by the member from New York ought to be re-
buked, and the blame ought not to be thrown from
rejoiced, for one, in the splendid achievements and u him upon the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
unprecedented success of the industry and enter- - Gentry,] who had spoken of tiie subject only
^1*. IftA P TV A!f  C* T n , J 1 _   Ii K..  .1. /->. *
prise of New England as much as any man.
Why, then, was no oppoituniiy lost to proscni'e
the South, as if they were guilty of some great
crime in the sight both of God and man? That
question had gone as far ay it could go. They
could know no other ground than that which had
been heretofore taken. Gentlemen transcended
the rules which should govern them here. If they
proceeded, they would rouse a feeling at the South
that would rend the bonds of this Union, as Sam-
son burst the withes that bound him. Was this
the doctrine that was to be acted on, that, acquire
what territory we might, free labot might be suf-
feied to go there, but the men of the South should
not take their slaves with them there? Mr. Holmes
bccauoe he saw the que coming. If the States
on thi.3 ,*idc the Afi^wsippi were equally balanced
on the subject of ski vet y, why should not the same
ha'anee be permuted to exist on the other side '
Mr. H. s.ud he knew and felt that this was the
time to meet this question. It mus t be met early—
before the infection should have been suffered to
spread. As to the acquisition of Mexican terri-
tory, it was a question which belonged to the
tieaty-making powei;. AVe should not now discuss
it. But, as it had been thrust upon their attention,
Mr. II. kid felt it his duty, as a southern man,
tui!y to declare his own views.
Atr. J. H. EWING inquired whether the gen-
tleman had in his own conduct observed the rule
"The iionlli'iimn from New H.
Constitution was a compromise
doubt true; but not a compromise to emancipate. Thr
States tliat held them could tic o thorn as others had doric
without asking or consulting the convention or Congress!
But k WHS a compromise as to representation, aj|j nothing
This was the language of truth and of justice.
"Why, was he to he told that the North meant to
hold the conquered provinces, but that neither he
nor any other Southern man, nor their children,
nor their children's children, should set a foot
within them, unless they consented to abandon
their property ?
This was not a place to discuss the question of
slavery. It was a subject that should never be
named in that Hall. It was an institution which
belonged to the Southern States themselves; and
lleman from New York, [Mr. King,] and the feel-
ings of gentlemen had been outraged who were
entitled to equal privileges with ium upon that
floor. He knew there were some manly spirits
who were disposed to say, " Our county, wherever
are her bounds." He Loped to see that worst of
all party spii it, the spirit of geographical party,
forever banished from.that Hall. As soon as it
should become dominant, and the rightsof the Worth
; should be exalted over those of the South, then
j would this lofty superstructure, the work of our
! fathers' hands, and cemented by their blood, the
, boast of the free and the admiration of the world
i totter to its fall '
fh^s«W?it^0Se StatCf! Wm"g t0 pressthcm on •! , Mr. CALEB B. SMITH then obtained the door,
mi vl . * -tii i , yielded to a motion that the committee rise*
I he Missouri compromise had done them much ' which prevails* '
a proceeding? Why, then, did they do the same
thing to their southern brethren ? The slave pop- i1
ulation must have a representation somewhere
By the compromise the slave Stales were deprived :
- uvuaw in uumiiiiiueti 01 rue vvnoie o
the state of the Union on the bill to raise, for a
limited time, an additional military force, and for
°-M-r PurP0S<;!3, at two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. ROOT moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
of Maine, had once said, that to regulate slavery !' lie wished to p. escribe to others? Had not the
was the attribute of sovereign power. He used ; gentleman voted for admitting Texas, with the
this language: 1 whole of her territory open to slavery?
" To regulate Hio relation between different iiiemlieis of a Mr. II1LLI AlltJ said he had voted for the bill
i «* •  10 hao'wuhout ~i-
Voile ha- told irMhata^lave representation be\ond the on«n- t> \ a-t n„
nal States is unequal and contrary to the ^>im of the com- i| . i^r* 0A1 LA : 1 hat bill had recognised the prin-
paet. J know not \vheie thesjf nt Ionian delved Jus am lion - i, ciple of the Missouii compromise
ty, surely not fiom the Constitution, It i ; tlteio .u jr(,od thut '! jVI r EWiNOXn ,t ,i.(|
tin: representation shall be apportioned according to the : ,\f ' u<T t t \ i\ „ , ,
number of free persons and threc-jiftht of the clave:-, not m ;! , ' said he hau voted for the hill as
bitch State* <is then existed, bute in Mich as  mutt he included ^ hud been prepared for him by others. He did not
within tins Union.< This I iniiii^ei., explicit lin.l |,o.Hiv,' , wish for any violation of the Missouri Comoro-,
Mr. Macon, of .North Carolina, had said in the ! mise. If those principles should be. faithfully ob-
same debate upon the Missouri question— served, he never should be for violating them. He,
Ump-,hiie has said that tho
complained that the duty imposed on all gentle-
•is„t(.,„'1.av<,<- ■ Tl,ls 'f,,!10 ' me" ^ feelings of patriotism and mutual harmony
been grossly violated this morning bythegen-
PETITIONS.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Benjamin
Wheeler, a citizen of Massachusetts, praying in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800*
which was referred to the select committee on that
subject.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON presented a peti-
tion of a number of citizens of Wilmington, Dela-
ware, praying Congress to bring to a speedy end
the existing war wRh Mexico; which was refened
to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
•Mr. FAIRFIELD presented additional docu-
ments in reference to the claims of Hans Nelson;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
A(Fairs.
Aiso, additional documents in reference to the
claim-of Walter R. Johnson; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of William F. Price and others, praying
compensation for services performed by them as
temporary clerks in the Treasury Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. W00D8RIDGR presented the petition of
Thomas C. Sheldon, late receiver of public moneys
at Kalamazoo, Michigan, asking to be reimbursed
certain expenses advanced by him for extra clerk
hite; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of J. S. K.
Reeves, lieutenant of artillery, adjutant of the Uni-
ted Slates Military Academy, asking to be allowed
the same pay as adjutants of diagoons in the aimy
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of the heirs of
Abraham Varick, deceased, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was re-
feired to the seiect committee on that subject.
Mr. PEAROE presented the petition of the ex-
ecutors of Joshua Barney and others, prayin^
indemnity for French spoliations prior to ISOO'
which was referred to the select committee on that
subject.
Mr. BEN TON presented the petition of numer-
ous citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, asking that a
vacant panel in the Ilotundo of the Capitol may be
given to scenes illustrative of the early history of
the western country, to be painted by a western
artist; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
James W. Sc.haumburg, praying that the Senate
will take no action in regard to promotions in the
first regiment of United States dragoons that will
prejudice his claims to rank as an officer in that
regiment, made a report, asking that the commit-
tee be discharged from the farther consideration of
the subject, and that it be transferred to the execu-
tive journal; which was agreed to.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to divide the distuct of Aikansas into two
judicial districts; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred a bill to provide for changing the
places and altering the times of holding the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Vermont, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a hill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the approbation
of the Attorney General, to purchase for the Uni-
ted States the interest of Eailie Peyton in the tract
of land upon which the light-house stands at the
southwest pass at the mouth of the Mississippi
river; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. CHALMERS, from the Committee 011
