1847,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
m-
Printing, to which had been referred a memorial
from persons engaged in the production and man-
ufacture of sugar in the parish of St. Mary's, Lou-
isiana, praying the restoration of the tariff of 1842,
made a report that the same be not printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred a bill to amend
the act of 3d of March, 1813, regulating seamen
on board of the public and private vessels of the
TJnited States, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been referred a bill to
amend the act approved June 17, 1844, entitled
"An act to provide for the adjustment of land
claims within the States of Missouri, Arkansas,
and Louisiana, and in those parts of the States of
Mississippi and Alabama south of the 31st degree
of north latitude, and between the Mississippi and
Perdido rivers," reported the same back without
amendment.
Also, a bill to amend an act confirming certain
land claims in the State of Michigan, without
amendment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been refeired a bill for j
the relief of Shadrach Gillet and others, reported j
the same back without amendment. [
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the ■
Judiciary, reported a bill for the lelief of Peter 1
Capella, administrator of Andrew Capella, deceas- '
ed, and for the relief of John Capo; which was
read, and passed to a second leading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Francis Summuraner; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Also, a bill for the relief of Peter Frost; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the petition of
Clements, Bryan, & Co., made a report,asking to
be discharged from the further consideration there-
of, and that it be referred to the Committee on \
Claims; which was agreed to. ;
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pri- j
vate Land Claims, to which had been referred a I
bill for the relief of Jacques Moulon, reported the I
same back without amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT (on leave) introduced a bill to
provide for the final settlement of the accounts of
John Spencer, late receiver of public moneys;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, (on leave,) intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the Mexican Railroad
Company; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
GRANT OF LAND TO MICHIGAN.
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of the
public domain to the completion of works of inter-
nal improvement in the State of Michigan, and for
other purposes, having been engrossed, was read
a third time and passed.
MINERAL LANDS.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in commit-
tee of the whole, the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to establish an additional
land office in the northern part of the State of
Michigan, and to provide for the sale of the min-
eral lands of the United States in the State of
Michigan and Territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. PHELPS felt it his duty to move certain
amendments to this bill, which he sent to the Sec-
retary's desk. *
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he understood from
the Senator from Vermont that there were several
amendments to this bill, which, though not pre-
cisely connected with other bills which had been
postponed and made special orders, yet it was to
some extent related to those in reference to the
public domain, tie would therefore suggest to the
Senator that it would be better the consideration
thereof should be postponed, and that it should be
made the special order with the others on Monday
next.
Mr. BREESE, in reply to the Senator from
Connecticut, observed, that this had nothing to do
with the graduation bill. It contemplated a differ-
ent object altogether.
Mr. PHELPS intimated that he yielded to the
suggestion of the Senator from Connecticut; but
he took occasion to remark that his first amend-
ment proposes to strike out the proviso of one sec-
tion. The next was an alteration of the third
section of the bill—such an alteration as affected
no principle. The last amendment—for there were
three of them—proposed to strike out most of the
sixth section, and to insert matter as a substitute
for that stricken out. If all these amendments
were adopted, he admitted there would be some
difficulty in arranging the details of the bill so as
to make them consistent; he therefore moved that
the amendments be printed, and that the further
consideration of the bill be postpQned, and that it
be made the special order for Monday next.
Mr. HUNTINGTON merely rose again to say
that his object in suggesting the postponement was
that the Senate might have the opportunity to act
understanding^, by being afforded time and oppor-
tunity to read thetamendment which he understood
differed essentially from the original bill. He was :
aware, as has been remarked by the Senator from j
Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] that this bill and the bill to I
graduate the price of the public lands were different j
in their character; but nevertheless they have all i
relation to the great public domain of the United |
States, and should be taken up and considered to- 1
gether, as near as may be. He was glad that the j
Senator from Vermont had acted upon his sug- i
: gestion. ;
| Mr. WOODBRIDGE said the amendments pro- |
j posed by the Senator from Vermont would make |
| radical changes in the bill, if they weie adopted, !
; and requiie m it material alteiations. It was !
• therefore altogether proper that the amendments j
should be printed. He would also remark that he ;
understood the Senator from Ohio [Mr. CorwinJ
likewise proposed to offer some amendments, and
therefore it was desirable that those amendments
too should in like manner be punted. He sug-
gested, then, that the pending motion should be
so changed in its phraseology as to embrace the
amendments of the Senator fiom Ohio.
Mr. SPEIGHT rose and said he had no partic-
ular interest in tins matter, but he would remark
to the friends of the measure that they weie con-
senting to a poliry which must inevitably deieat
their object, if not the other land bills also. They
had consumed one-third of the session, and yet it
was proposed to push forward the bills in i elation
to the public domain, and make four or five of
these bills special orders for Monday next. Now,
if this had nothing to do with the public domain,
why not make it the special order for Friday or
Saturday next? Why fix Monday, when itcouid
I not be acted upon on that day? He rose now
j merely to say to the particular friends of this
j measure—to those Senators who come from that
! region of country where this land lies—that in
j agjeemg to the course suggested, they would inevi-
i tabiy take the course to defeat their object. He
; confessed he had great interest in the graduation !
bill. He represented a constituency that had great 1
interest in it, and hence he was opposed to this |
piling bill upon bill, the effect of which must be |
the defeat of all. j
Mr. PHELPS assured the Senator from Mis- j
sissippi that he had no intention to defeat these I
measures by the course he had indicated a wish to ;
pursue; he was willing, therefore, to name Friday
instead of Monday. I
Mr. C0RW1N proposed two amendments, that s
they might be printed with those of the Senator ■
from Vermont; amendments, however, which, un- ;
like the amendments of that Senator, were not de- >
signed to affect the principle of the bill, but merely
to correct, somewhat, us general provisions.
The amendments were then ordered to be print-
ed, and the bill was made the special order for
Friday next.
PRIVATE.
The Senate then proceeded, as in committee of
the whole, to consider the bill lepoited from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, tor the relief
of the legal representatives of John Rice Jones, ,
deceased. J
No amendment having been offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed (
for a third reading.
TAXATION OF PUBLIC LANDS.
The next bill taken up was the bill reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, declaring the as- '
sent of Congress to certain States to impose a tax
upon all lands hereafter sold by the United States i
therein, from and after the day of such sale. 1
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senatej and the question was on its
engrossment.
Mr. SIMMONS said he should like to );now
how many States were embraced.
Mr. BREESE replied that there were the States
of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Indiana, Iowa,
and Illinois.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On the motion of Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate went into executive session; and,
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
I Wednesday, January 6, 1847.
j j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
jf Mr. William H. Brocrenj}:rougeh, (Democrat,)
|j of Florida, appeared and took his seat.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
|! order to be the motion (made by Mr. Root) to lay
on the table the resolution introduced by Mr. Har-
jj alson, to close the debate in Committee of the
j; Whole on the state of the Union at two o'clock
this day, on the bill to raise for a limited time an
J: additional military foice, and for other purposes,
i, Mr. HAMLIN made a privileged motion, viz:
;■ to reconsider the vote of yesterday, hy which the
l! report of the Committee on Military Affairs on so
:j much of the message of the President of the Uni-
jj ted States as recommends the appointment of a
|; general officer to take command of all the forces
in the field, was laid upon the table; on which mo-
j tion the yeas and nays were taken, as follows;
j YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Benton,
j Biggs', Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Brodhead, Catiic.ut, Reuben
i Chapman, Cha-e, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb. CottieU, Culiom,
I Cummins, Cunningham, Demot, Douglas, Dunlap, Eils-
! woitli, Erdman, Foster, Frie*-, Gordon, Giovei, Hamlin,
! Hastings, Ilenle\, Host?, Hopkins, G. S.Houston, Huiiffer-
; ford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Inger^oll, James H Johnson,
I Andiew Johnson, (,e.orge W. Jones. Seaborn Jones, Kauf-
, man, Kennedy, Piston Kuui, I^ake, Li^Her, Leib, Lt«or ,
1 La Sere. Lumpkm, Maelav, IVIeCir mami, McDamol, Joseph
! J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Morns, Moi&e, Moulton, "Noins, Payne, Peny, Phe3p>,
j PiiWmn, Itathhun, lipid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Russell,
j Sawtelle, Scammon, Leon aid H. Suns, Bobert Smith,
i Stanton, Starkweather, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thnrman,
i Town-, Tredwa\, Wentworth, Wlieaton, Wick, Williamr,
, and Yost—•>*>.
i NAYS—Mpssis. Arnold, Ashmun. Bajly.Bell, James A.
j Black, Blanchatd, Buiikeihoff, Milton Brown, Buftmgtor,
• Buit, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll,
; John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,Cocke, Oollamer,
! Cianston, Crozier, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dockery, Edwin
j II. Etvirur, Foot, Gentry, Gtddjng,-, Giles, Graham. Gridei,
; Grinnell," Hale, Hampton, Ilaralson, Harper, Billiard,
Samuel I). Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter,
Joseph 31. rngersoll, Jenkins, P.um i P. King. I.cvm, T^owis^,
f.onsr, MeCratP, MeG-m<rhey, lUelfenry,McIJvauie. Marsh,
Miller, Mose'ey, Owen. Pendleton Pettit, Pollock, Ramsey,
Itipley, Julius "Rockwell, Root, Bunk, Schenck, Seaman,
Seddon, Severance, Simpson, Trim tan Smith, Albfi t Smith,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens Strohni.Thibo-
daux, Thomas^on, Benjamin Thomp on, Tibbatt«, Tmmbo,
Vance, Vinton, White, Wmtlnop. Woodward, Young—84.
So the motion to reconsider prevailed.
Mr. HAMLIN then moved to commit the report
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to which is committed the bill to raise for a
limited time an additional military force, and for
other purposes.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON made a remark inaudible
to the reporter.
Mr. HARALSON stated that he had made the
motion to lay the report mid message on the table
under instructions from the committee; and, con-
sequently, could not -withdraw the motion.
Mr. WINTHROP inquired of the Speaker if
the direct question now before the House was not
the motion to lay the report, &c., on the table, the
House having only reconsidered the vote by which
the report had been laid on the table?
The SPEAKER replied that, in his opinion, the
question to lay on the table was the question be-
fore the House.
The question was then taken on laying the re-
port, message, &c., on the table, by yeas and nays,
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun. Bayly, Bell,
T.imes A. Black, Blancjrird. Brmkeihotf, Milton Brown,
Butfmston. Burt, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell,
Canoli, John G. Chapman, Augustus A Chapman, Cock**,
Collarn^r, Cranston, Cro/ier, D.irgan. Garten Davis, Delano,
Dixon, Dockciv, John H. Bwinu, VMwin II Luum. Foot,
Gentry, Guiding, Giles, Graham. GrHer, Gunneli, Hak-,
Hampton, Haralson,Harper, Hiihurd.Ehar B. Holmes, John
W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingei&oll, Jtnkms, Joseph John- -
