124
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
.Jan. 0,
sort of a war it was; and he thought, upon the
whole, it must be a war sid generis—a war that
had no parallel. The President, indeed, had as-
sured Congress in his message that it was not a
"War of conquest; and his friends seemed much re-
joiced at finding that declaration in the message;
yet in another part of this same document he con-
gratulated Congress on the vast increase of our
territory by the conquest of so many Mexican
provinces, and urged the appropriation of money
for the purpose of fortifying those new acquisi-
tions. Yet it was no war of conquest—Oh, no!
A gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
who seemed to be one of the spokesmen of the
President, had given the House his most solemn
assurance that there had been no design of con-
quest—none at all: it had only been undertaken to
" carry out the great measure of the age," in the
acquisition of California. Another fiiend had
given the House an assurance equally gratifying.
This gentleman exclaimed that he was himself
against all conquest; he did not consider it as pa-
triotic to sanction a war of conquest; and he gave
the House his word, as a Representative and a
gentleman, that no such designs were cherished by
the Administration. Yet it was his own idea that
we should finally conclude to ran a boundary up
the Rio Grande to latitude 32°, and thence carry it
directly across to the Pacific, and take all Mexico
north of that line. It was no war of conquest; no
such thing was thought of or intended; but—as an
incident of the war—it might probably happen that
we should get one-third or one-half of Mexico !
Another good friend of the Admmistiation, the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Preston King,]
told the House the same thing—that this was no
war of conquest, but only a war for the acquisition j
of a little more free territory.
Mr. ICING here interposed to say that the gen- I
tlenian from Indiana was incorrect. He had said !
no such thing as that this was not a war of con-
quest. He had not once used the word.
Mr. SMITH did not admit he had been mis-
taken. The gentleman had certainly said that we
should probably get more territory by conquest,
and that this was to be free territory.
Mr. KING again interposed, and again said that
he had made use of no such language; he had not
used the word "conquest" at all.
[A voice: " He did not use the word."]
Mr. KING: No, nor the idea.
Mr. SMITH rendered the gentleman many
thanks for the gratifying assurance; it must cer-
tainly disarm tlu-ir feais.
Of course, then, afler all these repeated assu-
rances from so many friends of the President, Mr.
S. was not to say that this was a war of couqucst:
it was not, certainly. Then he supposed it must be
designated as a war of " manifest destiny;" which
(though nnt so intended) was to plant the glorious
stars and stripes over one half of Mexico. It was
a war of destiny—of manifest destiny !
Mr. 8. said that, for one, he was opposed to any
conquest of Mexico, or getting any Mexican terri-
tory miller any pretext whatever. He had always
been against the annexation of Texas; and he
would now say that, he still believed that no event
had ever (aken place in our history from which
calamines so great were likely to proceed; that
nothing had ever happened to us which would
prove so injurious to the country. He had re-
garded it at the time as one great evil connected
with that a''t that it would open the door to more
annexations of the same kind. He had predicted
then that within six months the cry would be
raised that California must be ££ reannexedand
events had shown that it followed close 'on its
heels.
A question now arose, which was deserving of
vciy serious consideration: and that was, ought we i
to prosecute this war to conquer Mexico ? iVnd if
we did, when did we cxpcct to he able to accom-
plish it, proceeding: at the, rate and in the manner '
we had done thus fai 3 If the Mexicans should be '
possessed by the same spirit which was manifested ■
m the letteis of Santa Ana, it would be at least ten I
years before we should succeed. But gentlemen
told him that we must compel Mexico to make a •
treaty, and that we must dictate its terms m her !
capita!. We must " conquer a peace," whether :
she was willing or unwilling. Now, he thought j
this might prove to be voiv difficult, and that we 1
should be obliged to sacrifice more life and treasuie '
in the attempt than some gentlemen seemed to sup- '
pose,
then ?
But if Mexico should refuse to treat, what
Were we to push the war to extermination?
Must we carry it on till the whole Mexican nation
was exterminated? If not, what was to be done?
quences so fatal to all an American held dear. It
was to keep out every inch of teiritory in regard to
which the question of slavery could possibly pre-
sent itself. The man who succeeded in bringing
But, supposing we should be able to extort from j about such a result, would confer upon his coun-
her the province of California or New Mexico,
and then add Chihuahua and Coahuila, and New
Leon and Tamaulipas; supposing we got them all,
what were we to do with them ? That was a ques-
tion which involved consequences more serious
than were presented by any other view of the sub-
ject. The House had had a foretaste here, within
the last two days, of what was to follow. A gen-
tleman who had addressed the committee yester-
day, [Mr. Hilliard,] had told them, that if these
new territories came into the Union, they must
come in as slave territory; that they of the South
were not to be deprived of the privilege of going
into the new States with all their goods and chat-
tels, and all that they were in the habit of regard-
ing as property; and he went on to warn the House
in strains of impassioned eloquence to bewaie of
the danger which was impending over us; that the
result of persisting m such a determination as had
been avowed in certain quarters would inevitably
be the dissolution of this Union. A gentleman
from New York, [Mr. King,] on the other hand,
warned the House in like manner to beware; that
if these new territories were to be admitted and
annexed, rliere must be no slavery there; that the
North would never submit to have the area of
slavery extended; that they would dissolvp the
Union before they would consent to admit these
new Slates as slave territory.
Air. K1 .VG said he must again correct tile gen-
tleman. He had expressed no such sentinient.
On the contrary, he had desired that the question
should be brought on and discussed. He had no
fears at all of the dissolution of the Union.
Mr. SMITH said that tlic gentleman took him
up before he was down. [A laugh.] The opin-
ions expressed here by northern men must satisfy
every one that the feeling of the North was utterly
opposed to the admission of more slave territory.
Where was the northern man who dared stand up !
here and express the opinion Lhat we were ever to ■
admit more slave territory into this Union ? He |
would ask his Democratic friends here piesent
wlirtt were their opinions? Were they prepared
| to sanction a greater extension of slavery? They
i would declare, to a man, that they were not. Mr.
j S. charged that it was so; if it was not, let gentle-
men rise up and deny it. If there was one man
from the North prepared to vote, to sanction the
extension of slavery, let him come out and say so,
j that we might know where we stood.
; On ihc other side, southern gentlemen were, if
possible, ^still more decided than the men of the
I North. They never would consent that territory
J should ever be admitted into this Union from which
' slavery was excluded by law.
I What, then, was to be the consequence ? If this
, question ot slavery was to be raised here—a ques-
tion fraught with more combustible material than
any other that had ever been or ever could be
] started—this glorious temple of our common liber-
I tics must be shaken to its deepest foundations.
Much censure had been cast upon the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] for having intro-
duced a firebrand like this into that House, and
arrayed the North against the South by anticipatino-
so dangerous a question in advance. Mr. S. could
not agree with those who condemned him. On not one of those who had expressed
1 . . L !;a'Z,'.hc d^Pht ^the th* !' continuation of this debate, or^UhlcSit had
try the most precious of boons, and would have
done much towards giving security and perpetuity
to the peace and happiness of these States.
It could not be disguised, that if any southern
territory was admitted, this question must come: it
could not be prevented: and when it did come, it
would come attended by a train of conscquences far
more alarming than had attended the admission of
Missouri into the Union. That terrible contest
would be but as a flickering candle to the sun,
when compared to the convulsion which awaited
! this country should the same question be again
; forced upon it in the present advanced condition of
her maturity and strength.
And here he would ask his friends of the North
what guarantee they counted on finding in Wil-
mot's proviso to protect them against the extension
of slavery by theadmission of more slave territory
into the Union ? Mr. S. was himself in favor of
that proviso. Yet it was but an abstract expres-
sion of opinion; and he warned his friends that in
the hour of trial it would prove to be but an idle
abstraction. It was no guarantee at all that slave
territory would not be admitted; because, when
this new Mexican territory should have been an-
nexed to the territory now in the Union, its people
would claim the right of regulating their own con-
dition in regard to the existence of slavery within
their bounds. If those provinces should be settled
by a population from the South, they would de-
mand the right of admitting slavery there, and no
human power had a right to interfere with it. They
would have a perfect light to shape out for them-
selves their own institutions.
Did gentlemen of the South flatter themselves
that a treaty sanctioning the existence of slavery
in these new provinces ever would be ratified by
two-thirds of the members of the Senate? The
thought of such a thing was idle. And, on the
other hand, did northern gentlemen persuade them-
selves that if a guarantee should be inserted in such
treaty that slavery never should exist in those ter-
ritories, a majority of two-thirds could be obtained
to ratify that condition? Let them not hope it.
Such a majority would be got to neither proposi-
tion. Why, then, bring on a question that must
convulse the Union? Gentlemen might find, too
late, that they had applied a match to the maga-
zine, and that their measures had been the destruc-
tion of their own peace, and of the existence of
this Union. Mr. S. therefore held that it was our
true policy to keep off the question, by keeping
out the territory.
He desired to see this war brought to a close;
he longed to see the long train of its disasters ended.
He entertained no fear that we should tarnish our
national honor by making peace with Mexico.
Thei e seemed to be an idea in some gentlemen's
minds that we should be forever disgraced if we
did not whip Mexico. But he had no idea that
the world could ever be brought to believe that a
nation like this could not cope with seven millions
of semi-barbarians. The highest of all honor was
in doing right. Let us take a high, a just, an up-
right ground with her; that was the loftiest honor of
which either an individual or a country was capable.
Mr. BEDINGER then rose and said: He was
man had taken on tins subject did the greatest
credit to his head and heart. It showed that the
gentleman was a true patriot: that he was willing
to forego the extension of an institution in which
he and his friends felt personally interested, rather
than run the hazard of having the peace of Amer-
ica endangered. So far from deserving censure for
his reference to the subject here, Mr. S. consider-
ed him worthy of the highest commendation for
the independence which he had manifested in takinu-
the lead in pointing out the evils that must grow
out of any attempt to annex our Mexican con-
quests to this Union.
taken, nor was he one of those who voted this
morning against going into Committee of the
Whole; and he hoped that at least for a day or
two the debate might be continued, and that it
might have a wide latitude. For although he was
well aware that their time was limited there, and
that much business yet remained to be done, yet
of so much consequence did he regard a thorough
itu estigation of the causes which led to the present
war, and the conduct of the Administration in con-
ducting the same, that he should be willing almost
to forego everything else, at leasffor a short time.
He rejoiced at the continuation of the debate, because
things the perpetuity of "this H ^on manifested on the part
What, then, was the true course for the patriot of the
who desired above all things the nernetuitv of this 11
Union and the peace and happiness of the^Ameri- ,
can people ? It was to take the, middle ground: to !
stand out firmly and resolutely against the intro- '
duetion of any territory into this Confederacy, the 1
admission of which must be followed by conse- ll
of the Democratic members of the House in'de-
fendmg their country's honor and their country's
cause against the recklessness of the Opposition;
and he rejoiced, moreover, because it afforded to
their friends so admirable an opportunity of pro-
claiming to the world the principles and opinions
