1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
which they entertain concerning the present strug-
gle of their countiy with a foreign Power. Ho
would lay no great claim to a knowledge of the
mysterious study of human nature, nor did lie lay
•claim to any extraordinary knowledge of the
American people; but he knew enough of both to
feel perfectly satisfied that the efforts made by the
Opposition theie were unfounded attacks upon the
Administration. The course which they had cho-
sen to pursue would ultimately recoil with ten-fold
violence upon their own heads. In fact, those
sentiments were blows aimed at the very vitals of
the party, whose advocates had so unwisely pro-
mulgated them.
In this great crisis, when the country was waging
a just war with a merciless and treacherous people;
when the eyes of the world were upon them, and for-
eign nations were ready to find fault with them, he
thanked Heaven that there was too much of the leav-
en of patriotism in the great mass of the American
people, to suffer gentlemen to promulgate, there or
elsewhere, arguments—of assertions rather—going
directly to sustain the course and justifv the cause
of their enemies, and against that of their common
country. And although gentlemen might disguise
this matter as they pleased; although they might
pretend that they were willing to see the war vig-
orously prosecuted, while at the same time they
choose to hold the Executive responsible as the
author of the war; although they might assert,
that whilst, with all the skill, ability, ingenuity,
and learning they possessed, they were striving,
day after day, to prove to the country and the
world that then* country was engaged in an unjust
war—a war begun wrongfully, and without cause;
that the Executive, to bring it about, was compel-
led to usurp poweis which did not belong to him;
and that they (Americans) were the only miscre-
ants, and that Mexico was the injured party—he
said, while acting thus, they might, with the same
breath, assert their patriotism, and declare that they
were anxious to see this unjust war vigorously
prosecutcd; yet let them mark their condition!
The American people would not be satisfied with
such special pleading, such nice distinctions, such
paltry pretexts; but they would hold those who
endeavored to paralyze the strong arm of the coun-
try, by striving to pr«ne to the world that it hod
been raised in an unjust cause, as recreant to the
high trust which had been confided tc> them there,
and unworthy of the indignation which would in-
evitably be visited upon such conduct. The rea-
sons which he had heard had satisfied him that
such a course, instead of weakening the hands
of the Admhiistiatiun, would have the effect to
strengthen them, and to lend encouragement to the
Democratic party, and to convince the people over
the whole land of the justice of their country's
cause, and of the purity of the man whom they
had called to the executive chair. At the same
time, he was perfectly willing to listen to the Oppo-
sition. There was not one reason offered by them
to which he did not listen with attention and inter-
est, if not gratification and pleasure; at the same
time, he thought their course most harmless. The
soph.stiy with which they had attempted to blind
the eyes of the people, had been exposed over and
over again, and their unfounded argument fully
met and refuted. This had been ably done by
gentlemen who had preceded him in debate, and
his own poor effort was perhaps superfluous; but
he could not feel that he was doing his duty to the
people which he had the honor to represent; he
could not consider that he was doing what was
demanded of him by his constituents, if he re-
mained longer silent on such an occasion as this.
"While those constituents were sending men into
the field to fight the battles of their country, he
could not remain silent, and hear the prctencc
urged, that his country v.us sending them there
to fight m an unjust war. He bad risen, there-
fore, to add his poor mite in favor of the cause in
which the country was engaged.
He piesumed that while a poition of the Whig
party upon that floor declared that they were per-
fectly willing to prosecute this war; and while
another party refused to say whether they esteem-
ed this war unjust or not; and while another party
declared that it was utterly unjust, yet weie m
favor of its vigoious prosecution,—he presumed
there could be no mistake about one thing, at least:
that was the position taken some days ago by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] one of those
who voted against the war at the last session. He
distinctly, clearly, and unequivocally, declared that
the war was unnecessary and unjust. And, hav-
ing made this declaration—having made this open
avowal of his conviction—in a very few moments
afterwards, with all the courage he could summon,
and in the most unmeasured terms, he attacked
the Presidentformtimatingthatthere were amongst
them certain persons whose conduct was calculated
to lend "aid and comfort" to the country's ene-
mies. He (Mr. B.) was glad to hear that that
gentleman—one of those fourteen who voted against
the war—had the candor to stand up and avow the
sentiments which his vote then indicated. These
fourteen were destined to be famous in story.
Their names were destined to descend to posterity
in connexion, he feared, with those illustrious
worthies who so gallantly opposed their country
in its last great struggle with Great Britain. But
the gentleman avowed the war to be unjust. Let
them look at that matter for a moment. It was
openly declared there that the United States were
engaged in prosecuting an unjust war. They
knew this fact, that
" Thiicc id he arm^d who hath Ins qu.iricl just."
That was no fiction of the poet's brain—no idle J
expression flung forth to fill up the veise or round :
| the period. It was the solemn annunciation of !j
I the fact which he, who knew human nature almost j
I as well as if he made it, had given as. the result 1
J of his experience. If this was the fact, that the j
I man " who had his quarrel just" could stand be- \\
■ fore the world, and contend as if he was three !
times armed—he was a match for three men who ;!
knew that their quarrel was unjust. There was
no fact more true in Holy Writ than this. The !!
personal experience of every man around him Jj
would attest it. |J
a Jf justice j=mile upon us, we stand cl«ul . 1
In panoply o! truth. Eur, if her voice I!
Be raised agamst us, then with quailing spirit '!
And palsied aim, we face tue foe." >i
Should they, then, be told that those who, upon j
that floor or elsewhere, united their skill and
abilities to prove to the woild that their country's ;
i| armies were engaged in an unjust war—to array i
j, the cause of their enemies in the sacred garb of ;
11 justice—to fling around it the halo of the pure light ||
,, of truth—to invest it with the triple armor of her ;j
jj strength—should they be told that these men did !
!j not lend "aid and comfort" to their country's ene- .!
j inics? Should they be told that such conduct as
i| this was not well calculated to dampen the zeal and ;j
chill the ardor of their country's defenders? Should
they be told that the speeches which had been
uttered in that House would not be read in the
Mexican camp? And should the President of the
United States be denounced because he had ex-
pressed his opinion that such conduct on the part
of the people of this nation was calculated to aid
and encourage the enemy?
But he must pause there for one moment, for the
purpose of congratulating the gentleman from Ohio
on the superior discretion which he had shown—
they all knew that discretion was the better part
i of valor—he would congratulate him that he had
| shown himself more discreet than some of his col-
i leagues and compccrs upon that floor—for he,
, having armed the Mexicans three times—having
i invested them with the impenetrable arms of jus-
! tice—having proved to his own satisfaction that
! their cause was just, he very wisely, very dis-
creetly backed out fiom any further battle, leaving
: all that had been taken from them, including the
; whole of Texas. But many of his friends were
i not quite so discreet. Much more chivalrous souls,
! they did not deem the paltry Mexicans worthy of
I their notice till they had three times armed them
, by lending them the panoply of justice. They
! could not draw the sword in defence of their own ■,
; country till they had proved to the world that ;■
^ they were engaged m an unjust, an unholy cause. ,,
Ji But for the world, for the whole world, they would |
!' not be considered as giving aid and encouragement ,!
; to the enemy; and they had even denounced the ■,
President because his opinion was, that this tiiple ,j
1 armor did lend aid and comfort" to the enemy. -
But having taken this broad and bold position, that ;
: the war was unjust, and should be continued no ,,
i faither, he was really m hopes that the gentleman .
', from Ohio would have condescended to furnish
them with some few proofs going to sustain the 'j
! broad position which he had taken. He (Mr. B.) j
;; was not a little astonished, when listening for the !,
'! facts from the gentleman, to be informed that when ,i
he came to write out his speech he would then
quote authorities. Now, he was foolish enough
to suppose that it was sometimes customary for
gentlemen to speak to the committee with the hope
of influencing their legislation. He did not know
that the gentleman was speaking for the whole
world, and for Mexico in particular, and that his
arguments and quotations in support of them were
meant for those who read, and not for those who
were permitted to hear, his speech. m
But he would examine some of the positions
taken by that gentleman, and by all others on his
side; for one speech would stand for all. It had
been said, and reiterated, that they were much
more ready to engage in battle with Mexico than
with their much more powerful rival—Great Brit-
ain. But what was the fact in the case? How
long did they forbear with that most unreasonable,
treacherous country ? How long did they tender
to her the olive branch ? How Jong, in the spirit
of sisterly friendship, did they implore her to re-
main friends with them? How long did they
strive to obtain their just rights, without resorting
to \iolence? When worn, distracted, imbecile,
she found herself unable to contend with the gal-
lant sons of Texas, roused to madness by her own
high acts of tyranny and oppression towaids them,
could they not, then, with the utmost ease have
made the quarrel of Texas their quarrel, and their
quarrel hers ? Did they do it ? Did not this Gov-
ernment, on the contrary, positively refuse to in-
terfere in the matter ? Were not their laws on the
subject in force? Were not citizens prohibited
from interfering with the affairs of Texas ? And
if many of them did rush to the standard of Texas,
it was not because this Government winked at it,
or in any manner encouraged them. It was be-
cause it was utterly impossible for the vigilance of
the laws to prevent jt. It was because the sym-
pathy of the American people with the cause of
freedom, was beyond the control of laws.
But they could find it very easy to settle matters
with Great Britain. It was much harder to go to
war with her. Was there any force m that charge?
Did not the gentleman know that it was unfound-
ed ? When had Great Britain ever dared to prac-
tise towards them with impunity such wrongs,
insults, and outrages, as they had borne from
Mexico? When had they ever refused to treat
with them? When had they ventured m the most
unjustifiable manner to refuse to receive their min-
ister, sent en a mission of peace? When was she
ever suffered, so far as they were concerned, to
trample with impunity upon the laws of nations,
and to set at defiance every rule of civil authority
for the government of the conduct of one nation
with another? No; it was well known that if
Great Britain, or the whole combined powers of
Europe, had dared to practise upon a rithe of the
wrongs which they had suffered from Mexico, the
indignation of an outraged people would not have
been smothered half so long.
But they were asked overand over again, whose
territory was it that was the cause of this war?
Whose territory was it, which extended from the
Nueces to the Rio Bravo? It had been proved
over and over again that it belonged to them. The
gentleman from Ohio had pietended to quote au-
thority on the subject. He could quote authority,
too, if any was necessary. He could refer to such
names as Marshall, Madison, and Pmcknev—all
whose opinions were recorded, and all of whom
understood the quesbon as well as the gentleman
from Ohio. They insisted that it was theirs. He
knew, moreover, that Texas had always claimed
it. He knew, moreover, that Mexico had ac-
knowledged'the independence of Texas. That is,
Santa Ana, when a pii&oner of war, did so; Mexi-
co ne\ er; but Santa Ana at that time was Mcxico—
Santa Ana was the State—Santa Ana was the mili-
tary usurper who overthrew the military govern-
ment «nd established his own governmentin Mexi-
co. It was a mere subterfuge, then, to say that
Mexico did not acknowledge it. But, for the sake
of argument, in proving that the country was en-
gaged m a just war, he cared not one straw whether
that disputed territory was theirs or Mexico's. So
far as right and wrong were concerned, that ques-
tion was not woith a chew of tobacco. It was
utter'v worthless. For they knew that Mexico
had declared the annexation of Texas to be the
cause of the war. The Mexicans had sworn ven-
geance on that ground alone, and the question of
boundary was entirely a remote one.
