126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
But there was another question which had called
forth much debate. Was this to be a war of con-
quest? He answered, yes; trusting in Heaven,
and on the valor of their arms, theirs should be a
war of conquest—conquests as brilliant as those
which had already astonished the world—con-
quests, he trusted, in rapid succession. Would
they have it a war of defeats ? Would they have
their troops driven out of the field, and so conclude
the war ? He trusted it would be a war of con-
quest, wag£d for the purpose of teaching a savage
people the rules of civilization—waged for the pur-
pose of bringing to their senses a barbarous nation,
who had set at defiance all laws—waged for the
purpose of convincing- them that this republic
knows how to stand by her rights and honor—
waged for the purpose of procuring an honorable
peace, arid of teaching Mexico a lesson which she
would not forget in a day. He was not one of i
those who would have a mild war—who were
afraid of striking heavy blows. He would show
no mercy till the war was ended. The cry of dis-
traction, which had been raised in that Hall, would
inevitably reach Mexico, and she would be in-
duced to hold out to the last, because of this " aid
and comfort" so generously proffered her. If he
could have his own way, one blow should follow
another without mercy. He would know no
bounds till Mexico sued for peace. He disregard-
ed all clamor, convinced that this was the only
wray of ending the war. Let them prosecute the |
war, then, with all vigor, despite the efforts ofj
every opposer. So he trusted it would be prose- f
cuted—so he believed it would. j
But the gentleman ft oin Ohio, in speaking of the j
conduct of the Executive, in jegard to Santa Ana
and the Mexican Government, had declared that!
it was not instigated by the spiut of Old Hickory. j
He had heard, with a good deal of astonishment, !
though with much pleasure, the just meed of ap- ji
plause which the gentleman awarded to the name :
and memory of General Jackson. He congratu-
lated the party to which he had the honor to be-
long, upon the merited respect and applause which
the rarely-erring judgment of the American people
invariably extorted from the very bitterest oppo-
nents of those who had .spent life-long efforts in
sustaining the cause of Democracy. There was
nothing more conclusive, in his mind, of the cor-
rectness of their principles, than that tribute of'
respect and admiration, of gratitude and love, with
which time always hallowed the memory of those
who* had been the chief supporters of that causc.
Though, during their lives, nothing was more com-
mon than to traduce, to slander, to vilify the great
apostles of liberty, yet, now that time had sanctified
their deeds—now that experience had proved the
wisdom of their actions, they found the very men
who had been loudest and foremost in denouncing
them, now loudest and foremost to do them rever-
ence 1 They could find no man so lost to all sense
of truth, at least so regardless of his own character,
as to express terms of disapprobation and disre-
spect of any of the great heads of Democracy now
gathered to their fathers. From Jefferson to Jack-
son, they were all objects of veneration and respect, i
No one could be found to say aught against them, j
Yet, had it been so long since that the memory of I
it had departed from their minds, that those very '
Halls resounded with the denunciatory thunders of
the Opposition against the very man whom the
gentleman from Ohio held up as an example ? Was
the period so remote that he could not remember
it, when a mighty war of opposition went forth
throughout the country against every one of Jack-
son's deeds ?—when Nero and Caligula were saints
to him?—when every miserable dolt that ever
blundered m legislative action was wise to him ?—
when every tyrant that ever trampled on the rights
of his fellows was pure and merciful to him ? Yes,
from the small whispers of the paltry secret foe, to
the rude roar of loud-mouthed calumny in high
places,—from the God-like" down, down, down
to the meanest political " slangwhanger" that ever
wore out the patience of a county club—the shout
and clamor of opposition were raised against thatj
very man who was now held up as the illustrious j
" Old Hickory,5' .worthy of all praise and lmita-;
tion. Indeed, it was one of the attributes of the I
great and good that they were able to extort praise ■
and eulogy even from their bitterest enemies. And \
it was encouraging to the present Administration j
to reflect upon all that, bccansc if it was fair to ]
judge of the future by the past, so would it be i
hereafter with it, as it had been with Administra-
tions which had preceded it; and those very meas-
ures now so loudly denounced would be held up
to the approbation of future generations. The
present Administration was destined to stand in
the history of the country as eminently brilliant
and successful. Like some tall rock in the ocean,
around which the billows spend themselves in vain,
the Administration raised its head far above the
turbulent waters of party strife. Against it the
proud waves of federalism dashed and roared; but
the Administration defied them, safely built on the
immovable rock of patriotism and Democratic
principle.
But they had been told of the unfortunate brave
who had died in defence of their country during
this war, and of the widows and orphans of those
who fell in defence of their country, and they had
been asked what price they set on the heads of the
fallen. They had had pathetic appeals and moving
speeches in behalf of their unfortunate widows and
orphans. But he asked any man with an Ameri-
can heart in his bosom, where was the widow and
orphan who would derive comfort from reading the
speeches of the Opposition on that floor ? Would
they find consolation in the midst of their sorrows
in the praises of their enemies and their cause?
Did they imagine that the vehement denunciations
of the war as unjust, and the highly-wrought de-
clamatory appeals in favor of "poor Mexico,"
would drop like healing balm on the bleeding
wounds of the bereaved and mourning? Ah, no !
There was not a mother who had lost a valiant
son—there was not a wife who had lost a gallant |
husband, that could bear to read one of such |
speeches as they had heard from the Opposition 1
upon that floor. Where was there such a mother i
who would exclaim to her surviving sons: " Your {
brother perished in an unholy and unjust cause; ,
you must remain at home; you will draw no sword j
in such a cause?" No. But would not every Amen- ;
can mother be ready to exclaim: "Go, avenge your j
brother's death! Go forth against the cruel mur-
derers who, in the streets of Monterey, put to the
sword every wounded American soldier they could
find 1 Go forth against those barbarians who have
murdered your countrymen in cold blood 1 Go and
defend your country's honor!" Would not that
be the language of every American mother? There
could be no doubt of it; and, so help him Heaven,
so far as his own fame and future reputation were
concerned, he would infinitely rather be the poor-
est volunteer whose bones mouldered on the banks
of the Rio Bravo, with no stone* to mark his grave
—no requiem but the wild bird's shriek and the
howling winds, than the mightiest Whig orator
who thundered forth his denunciations of the war.
Yes, so far as his own future reputation was con-
cerned, lie would rather slumber there, for he
knew that he should not wholly die—that his
memory would be held sacred and dear in the
hearts of his countrymen. The names of the gal-
lant dead should live. Their grateful country freely
gave
" The tribute of her just applause,
To those who die in such a cause !"
No matter what jewel might hereafter sparkle in
the escutcheon of the country, the memory of
those men would be cherished as the most brilliant
gems in the diadem of the nation's honor. What
poor consolation was it to the widows and orphans
of such men, to be told that they had yielded up
their lives in an unjust cause! But the gentlemen
would stop this war. How? Retreat, and bring
back the troops. What would be the result?
Would Mexico hesitate to follow? Did not every
one see that aggression would follow on the part
of Mexico? The proposal was a direct and press-
ing invitation to Mcxican invasion. It was m the
power of Mexico alone to stop the war. The
United States held the olive branch in one hand,
whilst the drawn sword was in the other. Mexico
had her choice. It was not for the United States
to terminate the war.
I know, sir, (said the honorable gentleman
in conclusion,) I know that my remarks have
been desultory. But in the brief time allotted to
each speaker, it is difficult to discuss any sub-
ject methodically. There is one subject, sir, to
which I had intended not to allude, and that is the
unfortunate subject of slavery, which had been so
unwisely and so unwarrantably introduced. I do
not now pretend to discuss it. I would rather do
so when I felt more calm and less excited than at |
this moment. Now, I have but a word or two to
say, and that is, to beseech gentlemen—to implore
them to pause. When the crisis comes, I will be
ready. We of the South love this glorious Union.
I love it. But there may be evils less easily borne
than its dissolution. I would—I could not, sir,
love my own sister, if she were eternally taunting
me with some unhappy misfortune that £ could
not help. I would not love my wife—if I had
one—if, like Mrs. Caudle, she was eternally lec-
turing me about that which concerned her not.
These northern Mrs. Caudles will never letus rest.
[Laughter.] I repeat, Mr. Chairman, if I were
eternally taunted with that which was no fault of
mine; if there were some sad deformity with which
nature had cursed me, and she who should cherish
and love me were eternally taunting me with it, I
could not love her. Think you, then, that if this
thing go on, our affection for the whole Union
should last? There is another topic on which I
had intended to say a word. The wild clamor
against a standing army had never any effect with
me. It once startled the American people, but it
could not startle them now. The American peo-
ple are prepared to defend their country, and they
leave to Congress to say what is the best means
of defence. I shall cheerfully vote for the bill, and
hope it may be carried.
Mr. IiATHBUN then obtained the floor, arfd
sent to the Clerk the following substitute for the
bill; which was read:
A BILL to raise for a limited time an additional force, and
for other purposes.
Sec. 1, Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assem-
bled, That in addition to the volunteer fojee authorized hy
the act appioved May 13th, 18-J6, the President of the United
Statesis authorized to call for and accept the services of one
regiment of dragoons and nine regiments; of infantry, each
to be composed of the same number of commissioned offi-
cers, non-commis&ioncd officers, musicians, and private?,
&c., as aie provided foi a regiment of diagoons and infan-
try in the army of the United States le-pecuvely, and who
shall receive the same pay, rations, and allowances, be sub-
ject to the same regulations, and to the mles and aiuclcs of
war.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musician*, and private?, composing
the regiments hereby auihonzed to be accepted by the Presi-
dent, shall be requited to volunteer or enlist for and during;
the war, or for a term not exceeding five yeai3; anditi3
further provided, that at the close of the war, or at the expi-
ration of the said live years, if they desire it, they shall be
returned to the sfeveral States and Terutories in which they
volunteered, at the expense of the United States, and there
be disbanded and discharged from the service.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That there shall be al-
lowed and paid to every able-bodied man who shall volunteer
into any of the regiments aforesaid to serve as hereinbefore
provided, a bounty of twelve dollars; hut the payment of
the same shall b,; deferred until the regiment in which he
shall have volunteered shall have been accepted and muster-
ed into service; and there shall be at the same time paid to
each commissioned officer ten dollars, and to each non-
commissioned otFiecr, musician, and private, five, for ex-
penses incurred previous to being nm-teiod into scivice.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it fwither enacted, That it shall be lawful
for the volunteers in each company to elect their own offi-
cers, and for the volunteers of each regiment to elect the
officers of their regiments respectively; the commissioned
othceis.to receive their commissions fiom the Governor or
other person or persons according to the laws of the State
orTerritoty in which they volunteer.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War shall furnish clothing and rations to the volunteers of
the seveuil legiments hereby authorized to be raised; and
to all those who have or shall hereafter volunteer, under the
act of the thirteenth of May, 1846, m the same proportion
and manner, and upon the .same terms, as is authorized by
law for the army of the (Tinted States,
Sec. 6. %Jlnd be it farther enacted, That all the piovisions
of the act approved May 13th, 1846, and of the act supple-
mental thereto, approved June 18th, 1846, and the act ap-
proved Juue 25th, 1846,sofai as they are notinconsistent with
the provisions of this act, shall apply to the regiments heieby
authorized to he raised, m the same manner as if the same
formed a part of this act.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That during the war
with Mexico, the term of enlistment of the men to he re-
cruited for the regiments of dragoons, artillery, infantry,
engineer soldiers, or riflemen, of the United States army,
shall be during the war," or for five years, at the option of
the recruit.
Sfc. 8■ Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States he, and he is hereby, authorized, hy and
with the advice and consent of the Senates to appoint one
additional major to each of the regiments of dragoons, ar-
tillery, infantry, and riflemen, in "the armv of the United
btates, who shall be taken from the captains of the
army.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That to each of the
regiments of dragoons, artillery, infantry, and riflemen, there
shall be allowed a regimental quartermaster, to be taken from
the subalterns of the line, who glial! be allowed ten dollars
additional pay per month, and forage for two hoiscs.
Sec. 10. rfnd be it further enacted. That there shall be al-
lowed and paid to every able-bodied man who shall be duly
enlisted to serve in the aimy of the United States for the
t°rm of five years or dunn<r the wai, a bounty of twelve
dollars: but the payment of six dollars of the said bounty
