1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
shall be deferred until the recruit shall have joined the regi-
ment for duty in which he is to serve.
Mr. RATHBUN had not obtained the floor, he
said, with a view of making a speech upon the
present occasion, on the bill before the committee,
or upon the genera! subject of the war with Mexi-
co. He had sent up to the Clerk's table a bill,
which he had drawn, and which he intended to
offer as a substitute for the bill under considera-
tion; and he had desired to obtain the floor for this
purpose, and to enter into a brief explanation of
the provisions of his substitute, so that, when they
were called to vote upon it, they might understand
what it proposed.
In the drawing of the bill, he had been particu-
lar to embrace every single particle of influence, of
strength, and force, provided for by the Committee
on Military Affairs m their original bill. He had
omitted nothing. He was anxious that whatever
6 the Committee on Military Affairs supposed neces-
sary and proper, whatever the Administration re-
quired for the purpose of prosecuting this war,
might be given them, and, therefore, he had not
undertaken to interfere at all, in any single partic-
ular, with the force provided for by the original
bill; but lie liad undertaken to interfere with the
manner and mode in which that force was to be
raised and officered. It mterfei ed with it in this re-
spect, by providing that the citizens of the different
States and Territories might present themselves as i
colonels and lieutenant colonels, as majors and
lieutenant majors—that they might call on those j
people who were acquainted with them, who knew I
their military character, to enlist under them for
the whole period of the war, or for a period not less
than five years. He had done this—first, because if
these forces were necessary they must be necessa-
ry early; and he was most fully persuaded, that
with the provisions of the bill which had just been
read by the Clerk, there would be no difficulty
whatever in raising that force and having them
ready to march to Mexico within thirty days after
the call was made by the President. He had
no doubt upon that question; but, on the other
hand, retain the original bill, and we could not
count with any certainty on the enlistment of more
than four, five, or six thousand men during the
present year under its provisions. He knew it was
considered that this force could be readily and
promptly raised, and would be efficient if made an
addition to the regular army; but they had facts
before them, which were better than opinions.
What were they ? Why, we have been able in the
last year, to enlist into the regular army at every
recruiting station, but two thousand five hundred
and odd troops. The report of the Adjutant
General, accompanying the message of the Presi-
' dent, showed that fact. He understood very well
that more troops had been enlisted during the same
time, but not at the regular recruiting stations for
the army; he understood very well that a rifle regi-
ment for Oregon had been recruited; he under-
stood very well that a company of pontonicrs had
been enlisted, and that another company which
was provided for at the last session had been en-
listed; he understood, also, that the reenlistments
in the several regiments had been continued; and
now, when we have enlisted in fact, as shown by
the report of the Adjutant General, only between
twenty-five and twenty-six hundred men during
the year, in the regular army, he asked this House I
where are we to get ten regiments of men as regu- {
Jars, to reach Mexico m time to aid the men now j
there, in the prosecution of the war? Why, there !
was not a man in this House but knew that we had !
very little to fear from the arms of Mexico, but we
had everything to fearfiom her climate; and his
proposition was, that what we do there shall be
done quickly. While our aimy weie willing to
suffer, if need be; while they were willing to fight
and anxious to fight, if need be, he desired, above
all things m the world, to relieve them from sick-
ness, disease, and death, which could be avoided
by sending them promptly thousands of men, who
were willing and anxious to go, in the only way in
which they would go. The men who were willing \
to go as volunteers would not go as regular sol- j
diers. Why? They would be enlisted in the latter |
case at some station to enter the army in compa- !
mes, with whose officers they had no acquaintance, j
witli the officers of whose regiments they had no
acquaintance, with soldiers with whom they had i
no acquaintance—to go among strangers, to serve !
with and under strangers; and they were not the 1
men to enter the service under such circumstances.
But if we desired men to go to-day, to-morrow,
this week, or as soon as they should be called for,
we had but to look into the Northern States, and
we found men ready, waiting, sending men to this
city, begging the President to let them go and fight
with their friends in Mexico, because when they
were volunteers they were still men, to be treated
like men; they feel like men; they feel that they
have not degraded themselves; they feel that they
can return home without being christened soldiers
returned from the regular army, which was con-
sidered a degradation by the great mass of the peo-
ple of the country, although he granted it ought
not to be. But it was so because of what had been
said in this House at the last session and at other
times, of the character of the soldiers in the regular
army. He (Mr. R.) claimed, then, that they were
abused; he claimed it now; but it had created an
impression, and that impression had gone abroad :
and you could not find independent, intelligent men
willing to go as regular soldiers, who had been
abused so long. But if they enter as volunteers,
they know every officer of the company to be their
neighbor and friend; they know every officer of
the regiment; that they are also their neighbors
and friends, they know every man on their right
and left; they know how far they can rely on their
courage and energy as soldiers and as men; they
know that if they fall sick by disease they have a
friend at their side who will stand by them, that
they have officers who will watch oyer them and
see that they are cared for; and if they die, will see
that they are decently buried. But they know as
well as gentlemen here know, that these things
were not to be found in the regular army, and they
would not encounter thedifficulties, trials, degrada-
; tion, and tyranny which exist in the regular army.
But it was not alone on account of the men; they
had some principles to be observed in this matter.
We had now a regular army of 17,000 men au tho-
rized, and of 10,000 men recruited and ready for
service. It was a large force. Often in this Hall
had the alarm been rung that there was danger
in maintaining and supporting a regular army.
Whence had come the alarm in all time past? Fiom
which side of this House ? Where had the excite-
ment risen, and where was the first loud and the
longest cry against a standing army , which was
growing up previous to 1798? On this side of the
House: it was from that party with whom he acted,
and whose principles they ought to preserve here
and at all times. Why, suppose v/e got 10,000
more men added to our regular army—suppose
we added to the regiment of officers we now had
another regiment, what was to be the result >
When were they to be disposed of? How were
they to be got rid of? Why, they had a bill now
on their table providing another major for each
regiment of our regular army. And what was the
pretence that this addition was wanted ? Why,
that the majors of the army were entirely disabled,
unfitted for service, and therefore you must appoint
other men to take their places. Not remove them,
and appoint others in their places, but retain them
and appoint others to-perform their duties. Mr.
R. alluded to tins for the purpose simply of show-
ing that here was a lesson which they ought not
to lose sight of in voting for this bill. When men
are unable, disqualified for the service, unfitted for
the service—as they were told by the Secretary of
War and the Committee on Military Affairs—they
cannot be dismissed from the service, but must all
of them maintain their positions m the army and
receive their pay, while others were appointed to
discharge their duties.
Mr. HARALSON (chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs) interposed, and. thefioor being
yielded, said, as the gentleman had referred to the
Committee on Military Affaiis, he wished to say
that he [Mr. R.] had entirely mistaken the object
of the bill reported from that committee, or of that
section which related to the appointment of addi-
tional majors. Itwas proposed, not to supply the
place of worn-out or disabled majors of the aimy,
but to supply each regiment with an additional
major, as was given in the last war, and the want
of which was now very much felt in the army.
Mr. RATHBUN, resuming, said if he was. mis-
taken about the intention of the bill, he stood cor-
rected; hut he apprehended the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs would not deny the j
fact that these majors were reported by the Secre- j
tary of War aa being unfitted for service, and that I
at all events, we had been called upon to supply
others to take their places and perform their duties,
and that now at this very time, every regiment
which has a major in Mexico, or an officer per-
forming the duties of major, that officer is a cap-
tain who has abandoned his own duties in order
to perform the duties of major, because the majors
are unfitted to perform their own duties: and so it
was in other grades in the service. And yet no
proposition has been or will be made—no proposi-
tion can be carried, to get rid of these disabled offi-
cers. And he undertook to say, that if the whole
rank and file of the army, from the major-general
down to the first lieutenant, were in the same case,
they could not remove one man. Why? Be-
cause in this House, or in the other, relations exist
feelings of friendship exist, such a state of things
exist, as entirely deprives both Houses, or at all
events always one House, of any control over the
1 question. You cannot touch these men; you never
have touched them for the last twenty-five or thirty
years. Some two or three years ago a bill passed
this House dismissing a certain lot of these super-
numerary officers; it went to the Senate, and there
did not receive sufficient respect to be fairly con-
sidered. And that is the way it will be. And,
knowing these facts, Mr. R. appealed to members
of this House to judge for themselves, and not for
themselves only, but for the tax-paying people
whom they lepresent, whether they will increase
almost by doubling, the expenses"of paying our
officers, which amounts to something like a million
of dollars—whether they were prepared to double
the pay with the certainty that they would never
be able to reduce it again when this war has pass-
ed over, which ought to be very soon, and which
he undertook to say would be soon, if this bill he
had offered passed, and these men were called for;
if we placed in Mexico forty or fifty thousand men
to act together, not scattered in little garrisons, but
concentrated and striking blows thick and fast,
which shall reach the sensible, vital parts of that
Government so as to make our power felt. In this
way it could bo effected. The war was to be closed
not by overrunning wildernesses, not by runnin«-
through woods two thousand miles, where there
is no trace of an enemy to obstruct our progress,
but by following along the coast till we found a
spot which would lead us to the very heart and
seat of empire; and when we have found that spot,
by marching forward and subduing whatever was
in the way. And when we have reached the seat
of that Government, the very heart of that territo-
ry, what will be the effect upon all of Mexico
north of it? It will fall, of course. There is not
a man here but knows, tiiat if a line had been
marked out from the coast of Mexico, and our op-
erations had been made westward from that point,
just in proportion as our army had advanced and'
towns had fallen, the northern country would have
fallen also. There was no organization—no power
in Mexico to resist the twelve thousand men who
attacked Monterey, Santa Fe, and Camargo. If
those forces had only been two hundred miles
further south, and had marched westward, taking
towns, and conquered all opposing forces—if, in-
stead of frittering away the effectiveness of our
army by filling up a post here and there, we had
had all the power of our army concentrated for
the purpose of pushing on, and striking our blows
not once in four or six months, but once every day
or every few days, as often as we could reach the
enemy, they would have been brought to terms,
and a fair and honorable peace secured before this
time. The only way in which you can compete
with Mexico, is to strike youi blows and make
your movements in that season of the year when
our soldiers can bear the climate of Mexico. And
now, if this bill passes, before the sickly season
comes on you can strike down Vera Cruz, and
penetrate to Mexico itself if desirable, and you will
have time to spare. Whether these things were
to be done or not, he had no knowledge; if they
would produce an arrangement of the difficulties,
they ought to be done. If not—if this war was to
be inteiminable—if there was no point beyond
which we could say this war would not pass 
why, then the whole character of it ought to be
changed. Instead of sending men to Mexico for
the pmpose of advancing further, if we desire to
hold on to territory for the purpose of settliii" the
question, of bringing Mexico to terms, we should
mark out the line of the territory we mean to hold;
we should fortify there, and diminish our army
