128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7.
to the number necessary to defend it, and then we
could wait quietly until Mexico comes to us. One
of these two courses, most assuredly, ought to be
taken. Under the impression that the views of
the Administration were to press on; that Mexico
is to be compelled to come to terms, Mr. R. was
in favor of voting the provisions contained in the
substitute he had offered. He believed it one
which would afford all the means desired—one
which would give to this Government their force
immediateiy. But we had seventeen thousand
volunteers authorized by the act of 13th May,
1846, who have not as yet been called on. They
also were desirous, anxious, beseeching the Gov-
ernment to send them. Mr. R. did hope that they
might be permitted to go, if the Government has
necessity for them, and that this season which was
the only healthy season there, would not he allow-
ed to pass away unimproved, to be succeeded by
some seven or nine months, when disease was a
far worse foe to us than an army of one hundred
thousand Mexicans.
Mr. R. (apparently concluding) remarked that
he saw gentlemen all around him anxious to get
the floor, and so he would do them the favor 
[Here Mr. R. was interrupted by the cry of
" Mr. Chairman I" from twenty eager competitors
for the floor.]
Before I do that (continued Mr. R.) I should be
glad to move, if in order, that the substitute 1 have
given notice of, be printed for the information of
the House.
The CHAIRMAN suggested that a motion to
print was not in order in committee, but the proper
place for it would be in the House.
Mr. RATHBUN, (resuming.) There is one
single fact to which I wish to call the attention of
the House; and it has been an inducement to me
to say a few words m regard to the recruiting of
regular soldiers. It is this: that in looking np the
records of the recruits m the regular army for the
last year, I find that from my own State one thou-
sand and fifty-four have been raised, independent
of a company in the ritfe regiment, which gentle-
men thought could only be raised in the valley of
the Mississippi. A company of them has been
raised in our State, and 1 had the pleasure to meet,
on my return at the close of the last session, in the
western part of the State, a second lieutenant, who
is from New York, and was solitary and alone of
the officers in the regular army from that State
in my little town (Auburn) recruiting for the rifle
regiment going to Oregon. Well, we are, m one
sense, in the valley of the Mississippi, because the
Alleghany rises m the Congressional district ofniy
friend before mo, [Mr. Grovur,] and its wateis
run into the Mississippi, Now, m legard to these
regiments, 1 undertake to say it is right and proper
that the representative5? fiom that State which 1
have the honor in part to represent—where you
obtained almost half your recruits of regulars for
the last year, or almost eleven hundred out of
about twenty-five hundred recruits—it is right and
proper that the representatives from that State
should be heard, and should have some influence
in deciding this question. But recruits could not
be obtained under the bill as reported; gentlemen
mij^ht depend on that.
Mr. R. having concluded—
Mr. DARGAN obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise, which motion prevailing—
The committee rose and reported.
Mr. HARALSON moved the usual resolution
to close this debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union at half past two o'clock, to-
morrow; pending which—
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 7, 1847.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT1 laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, transmit-
ting copies of the official papeis on file m the de-
partment in relation to the loss of the United States
brig Somers; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
"War, in answer to a resolution of the Senate, trans-
milting a statement of all appropriaftons made for
the construction and repair of roads, fortifications,
and harbors, and for the improvement of rivers m
each and all of the States and Territories of the
United States, showing the amount and period of
each appropriation and expenditure; which was
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of John
Searing, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of the
Irish Emigrant Society, of New York, praying
that the act of 2d March, 1837, concerning pilots,
may not be repealed; which was laid upon tire
table, and a motion to print the same was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of the admin-
istrator of Solomon Cook, deceased, praying in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee on that
subject.
Mr. DAYTON presented the petition of Isabel
Leonard and Francis P. Leonard, praying indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
was referred to the select committee upon that sub-
ject.
Also, the memorial of citizens of New Jersey,
praying Congress to adopt speedy and efficient
measures for bringing the existing war with Mexi-
co to a close; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of John
Anderson and others, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to *1800; which was re-
ferred to the select committee on that subject.
Mr. CILLEY presented a petition from citizens
of New Hampshire, praying for the abolition of
slavery throughout the Union; the motion to re-
ceive which, was laid upon the table.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York, praying that the
act of the 2d of March, 1837, concerning pilots,
may not be repealed; which was laid upon the
table, and a motion that the same be printed, was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, a memorial of John S. Kingsley and Jo-
seph P. Pirsson, jr., members of the Convention of
Inventors, and the National Association of Invent-
ors, praying certain amendments to the Patent
Office laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents arid the Patent Office, and a motion that
the same be printed, was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. GREENS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Bristol, Riiode Island, praying Confess
to adopt measures for bringing the war with Mex-
ico to a speedy close; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a light-house on Tucker's Island, near the
entrance to Little Egg Harbor, in the State of New
Jersey.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rrsolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be required to inquire into the necessity of estab-
| lishing a supcrintendency, agencies, and sub-agen-
cies, for the various Indian tubes within the limits
| of Texas.
Mr. ATCHISON, fiom the Committee on In-
! dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Elijah
! White and others.
I An act for the relief of the legal representatives
j of John Rice jones, deceased, was read a third
| time, and passed.
\ An act declaring the assent of Congress to cer-
i tain States to impose a tax upon nil lands hereafter
j sold by the United States therein, from and after
| the day of such sale, was read a third time, and
, passed.
! THE TARIFF.
j The following resolution, submitted on Tues-
| day last by Mr. Cameron, came up for consider-
■ ation:
! Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate on what articles
embraced in the tariff act of 1846 the duties can be
increased beyond the existing rates so as to aug-
ment the revenue; and to what extent the said
duties can be increased, and what additional rev-
enue would accrue therefrom.
Mr. CAMERON said this was a mere resolu-
tion of inquiry, and therefore he supposed there
would be no objection to it. He had offered it
with the hope of drawing the attention of the
finance department of the Government to some
articles not included in,the free list, that will, in his
opinion, greatly augment the revenue. His object
was to furnish theGovernmentwith money to carry
on the war, or to close it upon terms honorable to
the country; to sustain the troops who had so
patriotically filled the ranks of the army, and to
make the burden as light as possible upon those
who will have to furnish the means. The objects
of taxation recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury—tea and coffee—having met with no
favor in the House, whose duty it is by the Con-
stitution to originate bills of revenue, and the ses-
sion of Congress being already neaily half ended, it
was time that every one should turn his attention
to the subject of revenue, and do what he could to
furnish supplies. The gallant men who have vol-
unteered to risk their lives for the honor of their
countiy should not for a day be permitted to want
a single comfoit promised to them.
The Secretary of the Treasury has stated in his
report of last year, that on the four articles of coal,
iron, sugar, and molasses, there was made six mil-
lions of revenue, at an average duty of sixty per
cent. Upon these articles, by the tariff of 1846,
we have brought the duties down to thirty per cent.
Upon iron, these reductions will fall most heavily:
upon hoops, nails, rods, and sheet iron, which have
paid a duty of from 60 to 115 per cent., and of
which the imports amounted to five thousand tons.
To raise the same amount of revenue from these
articles, the number of tons imported must be in-
creased to over twenty thousand—an amount so
large, that no one will for a moment suppose its
consumption possible. This reduction is made,
too, at a time when its advocates tell us that the
great demand for railroad iron in Europe must pre-
vent its increased exportation to this country, pro-
ving clearly that it was an error on the part of those
who framed the bill. I desire to see the highest
amount of duty on those articles that, in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Treasury, will come with-
in his idea of a revenue standard. But by the bill
of 1846, there will be a loss in the revenue upon
the importation of 1845 of over one million of dol-
lars. This, too, in a time of war, when our ex-
penses are necessarily greatly increased, and at a
time, too, when our credit has sunk, so that our
loans have already fallen about 16 per cent., only
because capitalists fear that the revenue will not be
sufficient to insure the prompt payment of interest
upon the loans that will necessarily have-to be
made foi the most economical support of the Gov-
ernment.
But these are not the only articles in the bill of
1846 upon which the discrimination acts injurious-
ly upon the revenue, while it destroys the d'omestic
manufacturer. Sheathing copper is admitted free,
while the duty collected is laid on the bars and pigs.
The import of copper amounts to upwards of$2,000,-
000. The pigs make only $.300,000 of this amount.
The duty is thus laid on the smallest amount im-
ported, and the larger is permitted to come in free.
Is there wisdom or justice in this? Our mountains
are full of copper,ore, while, for the want of care
upon the part of the Government in its revenue
laws, it is useless. Wc have but two oi thiee
smelting furnaces in the Union, while we have
rolling establishments enough in the country to
roll into sheets all the copper it needs To get
revenue, the duty should be on the sheets, and, if
any is to be free, ^ it should be the raw material.
On sugar there is another positive loss of reve-
nue. ^ The duty being the same on the raw articles
that it is on the refined sugar,-they will not both
be imported. The Dutch and English refineries
get the uiw sugar clear of duty by drawback. It
requires nearly two pounds of raw sugar to make
one of refined, and hence the duty is reduced
one half by every pound of refined sugar you
import. Increase the duty on the refined ar-
ticle, and you not only increase the revenue, but
you benefit your sugar planters and men encased
in the refining business. A single house in Phila-
delphia has half a million of dollars invested in it.
That house has brought the business to such per-
fection, that it makes the best article in the world
at a less price than was formerly paid for the infe-
