THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF W A S H IN G TON, BY B L AI R^HvES
29rn Congress, 2d Session.
rior one of Europe. Upon sugar, the Secretary
estimates the loss of revenue, on an importation
the same as the last year, at one million and n half
of dollars, and it will, I think, be much greater.
I could add many other articles—such as cord-
age, glass, paper, white lead, &c.; but I forbear
for the present, as I cannot suppose that any
objection will be made to a mere resolution asking
for information.
Mr. BREESE asked for the reading of the reso-
lution; and it, having been again read, he proceeded
to observe, that so far as the inquiry proposed in
this resolution was concerned, he had no dispo-
sition to interpose any obstacle to its being made.
-In regard to the subject-matter of that inquiry, he
had very little to say. According to Ins under-
standing of the report mule by the Secretary of
the Treasury to Congress at this session, and ahso
the report made by him at the last session, it was
not the opinion of the Secretory that the revenue
would he increased at all by increasing the duties
on the favorite articles of the Senator.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania had
admonished the Senate that the session was nearly
half gone, and that nothing had yet been done. If
mere resolutions of inquiry were to be discussed,
he feared that very little would be done. He com-
mended the Senator's admonition to his own atten-
tion. As for himself, he had no sort of objection
to the reference of this matter to the committee; at
the same time he must be permitted to say, that he
did not much admire the tact of the honorable Sen-
ator m committing so great a question as that in-
volved in the honorable Senator's inquiry to so
distinguished an opponent as the Secretary of the
Treasury had shown himself to be to the views of
the honorable Senator.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he did not rise to oppose j
the adoption of this resolution; but it was very i
apparent that it would be far more appropriately '
presented in the othei branch of Congress. If,
however, it were deemed proper that the inquiry
be made here, he begsred leave to offer the follow-
ing amendment to the resolution, in order that they
might have all the views of the Secretary in rela-
tion to this subject.
The amendment was read as follows:
44 And, furthermore, that he be requested to re-
4 port what articles on the free list may be taxed,
6 and whatamountof duty should be laid thereon."
Mr. CAMERON, in reply to the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, said he was somewhat surprised
at his remarks. For himself, he would only say,
that he had not followed the example of that Sena-
tor in making long and useless speeches. He had
troubled the Senate only when he had something
to say, and hereafter, whenever he felt it his duty
to address the Senate, he should do so, though he
might receive the admonitory reproof of that very
learned and distinguished Senator. In the present
ease, he only wanted a plain answer from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to a plain question. He
was willing to admit the ability of that high officer,
and he was anxious to get his opinion upon a
subject which greatly interested the people of his
State; and when it s procured, he will be happy
if the Secretary shoul^j receive the aid of the very
able Senator from Illinois. He was particularly
anxious to have such information on this subject
as would enable us to provide a revenue to con-
duct this war efficiently. His State felt deeply
interested m having the army well supplied. His
friends—his neighbors and constituents—has filled
its ranks. She, had not only given the regiment
called for, hut she had added a second, and she
had even sent a company of fine young men to fill
up the quota of chivalrous Virginia. Of the fne
thousand men enlisted last year, she had furnished
three thousand from her citizens.
Mr. LEWIS said, if this inquiry was to be made
of the Secretary of the Treasury, he would like to
add another inquiry, viz: whether a good result
might not be produced by a diminution of duties?
In his opinion, there was a large class of articles
upon winch the duties under the tariff of 1846 were
still too high. He hoped, if inquiry was to be
made at all,"it would be in relation to a diminution
9
SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1847.
New Series No. 9.
as well as to an increase, so that they might have
full information upon the subject.
Mr. NILES said, notwithstanding the rebuke
of his honorable friend, who thinks this resolution
ought not to be debated, he very gladly availed
himself of the opportunity to say a few words,
which might as well be said on this occasion as
any other, on the subject generally of our finances.
He was well aware, as every honorable Senator
must be, that this subject belonged more appro-
priately to the other end of the Capitol; at the same
time, it was perfectly competent to a member of
this body, if not to originate bills, at least to pro-
pose inquiries; if not to frame a law, at least pre-
sent his views and suggest plans, in accordance
with what he conceived the interests of the coun-
try required, in relation to the subject of the
finances of the Government. He was not dis-
posed, however, to go very fully into the subject
at this time/* He was very happy, howevei, to
have an opportunity to say a few words in relation
to it. He had no particular solicitude in regard to
this resolution, either one way or the other. It
proposed an inquiry certainly which would carry
them back to the proceedings of the last session—
an inquiry into the modifications and changes
which might be advantageously made in a law of
the last session. But his views in regard to that
law had been fully expressed at that time, and he
did not intend to renew the arguments which he
had then used. He concurred with the President
—for he was entirely free from the trammels of
party views, ajid looked only to what he consi-
dered the great interests of the country, her finan-
cial and industrial interest*, and he wished other
Senatois could say the same—he fully concuried,
he repeated, with the President in the desire that
the tariff act of last session (that act having been
passed and become the law of the land) should
remain, at least until such time as it should be
fairly tested. He should differ with the President
perhaps as to what would be the result of that
test, but he was willing that it should have a fair
trial. He did not wish to disturb either the prin-
ciple or the details of that law at present; but the
question which he wished to present to the Senate
a nd the. country was this—and it was a grave ques-
tion—Whether that law, or any other, intended as ,
the basis of a revenue system in a state of peace,
ous'ht to trammel the action of the two Houses of <
Congress when a state of peace no longer existed :
—when the circumstances of the country were en- i
tirely changed; whether Congress ought, in conse-
quence of the existence of that law, to stand before
the world, in view of foreign countries, and of the
whole American people, as being entirely power-
less on this subject of revenue for the uses of the
Government in a time of war. That was the
question which he wished to submit. Now, what
was the scheme which was presented to the con-
sideration of Congress to supply the treasury at a
time when the country was engaged in an expen-
sive war? It appeared to be supposed that the
action of Congress was circumscribed, that their
hands were tied up; that there was nothing remain-
ing to which they could look for revenue but the
small and meagre list of free articles. With regard
to that, he had no particular objection to placing a
duty upon those articles; that duty would not
touch the question of the protective policy; that
had been already disposed of. The list of free ;
articles heretofore had usually comprehended the i]
raw material, the element of the industry of the |,
country; but now that description of article had
been brought within the list of articles taxed; and j'
there was nothing remaining but two articles of |j
universal consumption, tea and coffee. j;
As he had already stated, he for one had no j|
particular objection to a tax upon those articles; ji
but, admitting that such tax were imposed, (though ; ]
it appeared this was not to he done,) he asked, i;
would it be adequate to the wants of the Govern- I
ment? Was it really worthy of serious debate? i:
Was it a matter worthy of being submitted by the i|
executive branch of this Government to Congress ji
for its consideration, as a means of invigorating ji
and sustaining our revenue in a time of war? In -
( connexion with other sources of revenue, it would
I becertainly worthy of attention; butstandingalone,
| he thought it was altogether too insignificant. In
j what condition, then, were they placed? After
: the commencement of a war, be it remembered, for
j such was the fact—at a time when (and the expe-
■ rience, the sagacity, and statesmanship, of all na-
i tions had sanctioned the policy) the state of the
j finances of a country should be placed in a condi-
I tion corresponding, in a reasonable degree at least,
! to the expenditures of that country—were they to
go on and make no provision at all for increasing
their means in proportion as their expenditures
increased ? Were they going to make no provision
, at all for the extraordinary expenditures occasioned
h by the war? Did gentlemen believe that the credit
i: of this country could be sustained under a state of
:■ things like this? They were told, in the official
, report of'the highest financial officer of the Gov-
j, ernment, that the expenditures of the past year
j amounted to fifiy-five millions, and he thought they
l might safely conclude that the expenditures of the
' present year, ifanything was to be done, as seemed
| contemplated, to increase our forces, in order to
I prosecute the war with vigor and energy, looking
j to the expected result, would not be less than sixty
j millions. Where were their means to meet this
j expenditure ? Why, they were told by the Secre-
| tary that there might be twenty-eight millions de-
i rived from the customs, and about three millions
j and- a half, he believed, from the public lands.
! But he feared that these estimates were overstated;
i that they would not be fulfilled; estimates were
, very uncertain things. • The Secretary, a year
! ago, estimated the receipts from the public lands
I at about a million of dollars less than hit? estimate
j of this year. Why was that?i He thought it
j could be accounted for in two ways. At the time
] of the former estimate it was the policy of the
i Secretary, in order to maintain a theory, to under-
j take to show that the income of the Government
| was falling off, which falling off he attributed to
\ the tariff act of 1842. But it was unnecessary to
j take up the time with this matter at present. He
j believed that the receipts of the Government were
| over-estimated, and that the expenditures were
I understated by several millions of dollars. In any
j view of it, there would be a deficiency of about
j thirty-five millions, and this deficiency must be met
I in some way. This thirty-five millions, in con-
; nexion with the existing debt of some seventeen
millions, would make a debt of upwards of fifty
millions at the close of the present year. Why,
if the war continued, and they went on at this
rate, adding thirty-five millions yearly, together
with the interest upon these sums, what would be
the result ? Indeed it seemed to be the settled poli-
cy of the executive branch of this Government to
carry on this war exclusively by loans, without
providing any additional revenue, in any shape or
form whatever. Well, sir, 1 am totally opposed
to any such policy. I am opposed to it as destruc-
tive of the powers of this Go\ernment, and as in-
imical to the prosecution of the war itself. I am
for a -Rigorous prosecution of this war, and I be-
lieve that the first thing to be done, and without
which everything else will be unavailing, is, to
invigorate your treasury; to have a revenue which
is adapted to the condition of the country. I be-
lieve, sir, that, in the present state of your treasu-
ry, this war must languish. And, sir, I must say
that 1 am extraordinarily inclined to believe that
the feebleness of our condition now has been owing
to the emptiness of the treasury, and to thiscausc
alone. Why were not these ten regiments called
for at an earlier period ? Why are they not now
forming a part of our army? Why was not that
army ere this put in a condition to strike a decisive
blow, or, at any rate, during the present favorable
season of the year? It cannot now be done: we
must wait another year; and, sir, I know of no
reason but the feebleness of the treasury why we
have not been in a condition to act with a force ad-
equate to the object in view. I attribute it to that,
and to that alone.
Well, how will it end, if we go on in this way ?
Will our condition improve5 Will it not become
