ISO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
worse and worse every day? We may continue
to obtain loans, though there seems to be some
doubt about our ability to do so. There is still, 1
think, a way in which we can obtain loans, and
that way is only by sanctioning and circulating a
paper currency of this Government. By means of
treasury notes and this Government paper we may
obtain loans from the mass of the people, but we
can never obtain them from capitalists with the
restrictions which exist in what is called the Inde-
pendent Treasury act. We can undoubtedly ob-
tain loans in the way I have said, but these loans
must have a limiu Is it for a moment to be sup-
posed that we can go on in this way without know-
ing when this war is to have an end, relying solely
and entirely upon loans, without providing any
additional revenue to meet the interest upon these
loans? Why, every man must see that the credit
of the Government will sink. It cannot be sus-
tained in a course of action of this itind. It is
impossible that it could be otherwise. There is
no such example in history, either in our own or
in that of any other nation. A debt increasing at
the rate of thirty-five millions a year, without pro-
viding a single dollar to meet the interest on those
loans! Sir, this is a strange state of things. Theie
was an apparent inconsistency in the recommenda-
tion of the President a year ago. We were then
engaged in two controversies with foreign Powers,
either of which; as it seemed to be the'opinion of
the Executive, might have resulted in disturbing
the peace of this country. Well, sir, it might nat-
urally have been supposed that the desire of the
Executive would be to show those nations that we
were in readiness, if it beoamc necessary, to resort
to the last extremity. This would seem to be his
obvious policy; and, to do this, it was to be ex-
pected that he would suggest to the considera-
tion of Congress the propriety of strengthening
and increasing the finances of the countiy, in
order to be prepared for a result of this kind, if
it could not be avoided. But, instead of this, the
Executive recommended a modification of the rev-
enue laws. And for what purpose5 With a view
to increase the revenue ? No, sir; but with a view
to a reduction of the revenue, or at least to a reduc-
tion of duties. I had always supposed that the
affairs of Government, like those of an individual,
required that the state of the finances should be
looked to before commencing any enterprise or
undertaking, to see whether they were equal to the
demand that would be made upon them. But this
seems no part of the policy of ihe present Execu-
tive; for when we became actually engaged in war,
when the matter was no longer doubtful, but war
had actually commenced, to my utter astonishment
a measure was pressed upon us to reduce the rev-
enue. I said at the time what I had to say upon
such a policy as that. I said then, and with per- :
feet sincerity, that I would support the interests of
the Administration against its own opinions. I
spoke, of course, in a financial sense, and wilhout
reference to the details of the measure then pro-
posed, or what might be its influence upon the
labor of the country. I believed there could be no
measure more unwise for the Executive to press
upon the legislative branch of the Government than
to derange or cut down its finances at any time,
and more especially at a time when the country
was engaged in a war. It was to me a thing so
extraordinary, that I could not well understand it,
except by supposing that some theory, designed' ■
for a time of peace, had crept into the head of some i
individual, and he was unwilling to give it up ■
though the condition of the country had changed'
I raised a warning voice at the time; for in'mv
judgment it was not a revenue measure, even for
peace. I may be mistaken, however; it may prove
to be. But, sir, it was clearly not a revenue meas-
ure for war; it was not a revenue measure for'the
condition in which the country at that time was
placed, without any act of ours, as we say, for the !
war could not be avoided. I am of that opinion- !
it was the natural result of events that had taken i
place; it could not he avoided. It was the duty of •'
this Government to meet it, and it was our duty to '
put the country in a condition to cany on and to
sustain the war. And, sir, the first and most im- '
portant element for this end was a condition of the ,
finances of the Government adequate to the de- i
mands which must necessarily, under such circum- 11
stances, be made upon them. j
Well, sir, a different policy prevailed; a measure ■ '
was passed which was calculated in all probability to ■1
reduce the finances of the Government below what
they should be in a time of peace. It is a matter of
simple arithmetic. I find by calculation that to sus-
tain your peace standard of revenue under the new
tariff act, you must have one hundred and forty-six
millions of importations. "Whether you are likely
to have this amount every one can judge for him-
self. I do not believe that we will. But, sir, our
difficulty does not stop at this poin*. I have already
alluded to this difficulty. It is not so much that
we have introduced a system which may bring the
revenue down below the demands of a peace estab-
lishment, but it is that we have tied up our hands,
that we have manacled our feet, that we are no
longer at liberty to act at all upon this great subject
of supplying the pressing1 wants of the treasury.
What is now to be done ? The resolution of my
honorable friend is calculated to disturb the exist-
ing- law. Well, I may vote for it; but we are told
the law must not be disturbed—cannot be disturbed.
The Secretary might have recommended—without
essentially disturbing his theory—he might have
recommended a general addition to the rates of
duty in all the schedules of this law, except, per-
haps the last. This, t think, might have been done;
but it seems that this is not proposed, and is not
to be proposed. Well, sir, it has been the settled
policy of this Government, from its foundation, to
look to impost duties alone for revenue, exccpt in
time of war. This is the main reliance, the main re-
source, as everyone knows: and every one knows,
too, that the last war mateiially diminished our
impost duties during its continuance, because it
was a war with a great commercial nation, and our
commerce was greatly disturbed; but as regards
the present war, that is not the case. Our great
and solo reliauco for revenue was left to be avail-
able, if we had adapted our laws to it; but we have
not done so, and we arc now told that we cannot
doit. Well, what then can be done? There is no
proposition for any other mode of indirect taxa-
tion, and I believe there are enough in both Houses
of Congress who believe that this great source of
revenue, imposts, njust be fairly exhausted before
resort can be had to any other, whether in time of
war or peace, let the condition of the country be
what it may. It is the settled policy of this coun-
try that this source of revenue must be thoroughly
exhausted before the people can be called on to
contribute from any other. Well, sir, is it ex-
hausted 5 Why, it does not accord with the theo-
ry of the Secretary or the chairman of the Finance
Committee here to increase the revenue by raising
the duties. According to their theory, to raise
revenue you must reduce the duties. Well, I am
willing to hear from the Secretary how much
money he can get into the treasury by a further
reduction. lam willing that the expeiiment should
be triud. I do not mean to say that I would vote
for such a law, because I have no belief in the
doctrine. I believe that duties will produce reve-
nue in the proportion which they bear to the im-
portations in the aggregate. Importations are
firovorned by the amount of exports, by the state
of the currency, and other things; hence, 1 think
the position is well established, that the amount of
revenue will depend upon the average of duties.
And now this whole scheme of increasing the
revenue by diminishing the duties is found to be,
not only an hypothesis, not only an experiment,
but, sir, it is an experiment which is to be tried in
the face of facts, and in opposition to our whole
experience. That experience h.is shown us that
the rate of duties has had no influence on the im-
portations. but the revenue has been invariably
greatest when the rate of duties was highest. The
state of the currency has had a thousand times
more influence upon the amount of importations
than the rate of duties has had, whether high or
low. This, then, is an experiment to increase the '
revenue by diminishing the duties, directly con-I
trarv to all experience; an experiment already }
exploded, as entirely inefficacious.
Wei', s:r, I have said pretty much all I intended'
to say. I, for one, protest against this policy, I
protest against if as inconsistent with the protec-
tion of the, country, as inconsistent with the vigor-
ous prosecution of the war, and as creating unne-
cessarily a national debt. Why, do gentlemen
think that because we have a small war on our
hands, they are absolved from a reasonable accord
to their own principles r And is it not one of the
first principles of the Democratic party at least-—
and I believe I might say of both partita—that a
national debt is a national curse, and should he
avoided, if possible to be avoided? Nothing but
extreme hazard, nothing but war in which a court- '
try might be suddenly engaeed by powerful in-
vading force, can justify a reliance solely and ex-
clusively on loans and the creation of a national
debt. And shall we do nothing in a small war of
this kind? Shall we do nothing to sustain the
tieasury? Shall we not bear a part at least of the
burden that we are thus creating ? Is it all to be
handed over to posterity > Are we going to entail
upon those who come after us the blessings of a
national debt of perhaps an hundred millions?
And, sir, let me make another remark. This is
the way, I suppose, that we are to carry out this
system falsely called a free-trade system—a mis-
nomer altogether. There is no such thing as free
trade in this country, and there can be none so long-
as the settled policy of the country remains the
same that it now is, to raise revenue from imports,
because the two things are incompatible with each
o th er.
Sir, t have taken up more time than I intended,
but this is a subject not easily got rid of. I was
under the impression that, after a national debt had
begun to be created, we should cease to hear of free
trade; but it now appears that we are still to have
this wonderful system of free trade introduced, a na-
tional debt being the basis of it! Everybody could
see what must be the final result. They must of
course come back to a system of high duties. I am
not an advocate for a high system of duties, but for
a simple revenue system. I believe, however, the
revenue of the country should, in time of peace at
any rate, be derived wholly from imports, with the
exception of what may be derived from the sales
of the public lands; and I would avoid, by all
means, in time of war, a reduction which must
necessarily embarrass the finances of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BENTON rose and observed that he hoped
the question would now be taken, unless some
Senator should be particularly desirous of address-
ing the Senate upon this subject, in which case he
would of course give way; but he was desirous of
introducing a matter which he considered of some
importance; and he would be glad, therefore, that
this should be now disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Marylarid, said it was not
his purpose to offer any observations in regard
either to the original resolution or the amendments
which had been offered to it; but he rose simply
to offer an amendment to the amendment pf the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. J. then submitted the following:
"And whether, in his opinion, any tax which
' may be laid upon such articles will increase the
' price of the same to the consumer to any amount,
' and, if any, to what amount."
Mr. SPEIGHT accepted this amendment as a
modification of his own.
And the question being taken on the amendments,
they were aereed to.
And the resolution, as amended, was then adopt-
ed, and is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate on what articles
embraced in the tariff act of 1846 the duties can be
increased beyond the existing rates so as to aug-
ment the revenue; and to what extent the said du-
ties can be increased, and what additional revenue
would accrue therefrom; and, furthermore, that he
he requested to report what articles on the free list
maybe taxed, and what {Amount of duty should
be. 1.lid thereon; and that he al^o report on what
articles the rates of duties may be reduced below
those imposed by the aforesaid act so as to increase
the revenue; the rate of such reduction, and the
amount to which the revenue would probably be
increased thereby; and whether in his opinion any
tax which may be laid upon such articles will in-
crease the price of the same to the consumer to
any amount, and, if any, to what amount.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs, reported a bill to eiieoura2;e enlistments
in the army of the United States; and he asked for
its immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the bill was read a first
and second time, and taken up as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. BENTON said: The bill has a single ob-
ject; it is to fill up the rank and file of the present
