1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
regular army. To accomplish that object, it has
two sections: one, to give the recruit the option of
enlisting for the term of the war with Mexico; the
other, to give him a bounty of twelve dollars.
This is the object of the bill, and these the means
proposed to accomplish it. There is a deficiency
of five thousand men now in the rank and file of
the army. The authorized regular establishment,
of all arms, is sixteen thousand four hundred and
sixty; the actual establishment is eleven thousand
four hundred and twenty; deficiency, five thousand.
To supply this deficiency is an object of great mo-
ment, and worth more than a much greater num-
ber in new regiments. By going into existing
regiments, these five thousand recruits will be
among trained men, and under trained officers, and
will be worth double as much as if in new regi-
ments among raw recruits and untrained officers;
and besides, will be ready for service much sooner.
It is, therefore, a great object to get them. The
means proposed will probably accomplish it. Five
years is a fixed term* and looks long, and presents
no way to shorten it; the alternative presents an
unfixed term, but one which, in my opinion, must
be far short of five years, ami probably will be so
in the opinion of the recruit. His imagination has
room to expatiate there, and to suppose a period
much short of five years, and to suppose it rightly.
It will be the best term for the recruit, because it
will probably be the shortest; and if he chooses,
he can enlist again. It is the best term for the
United States, for they want men for the war; and
it wiii deprive the enemy of one of their grounds
of reliance, that our troops will be entitled to dis-
charges in the midst of a campaign. The bounty
will be an inducement. It has always been usual
in time of war, and often in time of peace; and is
now necessary, as the deficiency of five thousand
in the rank and file announces. That deficiency
exists in the infantry and artillery; not in the cav-
alry and rifle. These latter corps are full; the
inducements in the rifle and cavalry service are 1
sufficient, and therefore the bounty is only pro-
posed for the infantry and artillery. It puts the ,
remedy where the defect exists, which is just in
itself, and also economical. The bill is for a good
object, and proniis.es to accomplish it, and is pre-
sented single, that it may pass at once, without
being delayed by debatable matter. I hope it will
be passed this day, and that these five thousand
men in the rank and file may be immediately re-
eruited, and sent to their regiments. There will
be vigor in such a movement.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, that in the present
gtate of information which they had upon the sub-
ject of the war, he should very cheerfully give his
vote for this bill. It became somewhat necessary, .
however, that they should know how long the war !
was likely to continue; and with this view he j
would take theliberty of inquiring of the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations whether 1
any information had been received by this Gov- j
eminent as to the result of the deliberations of the ;
Mexican Congress in relation to the proposition j
which was understood to have been forwarded !
sometime ago from this Government for opening j
negotiations for a peace, and which proposition, ;
they were informed, was to be submitted to the j
Mexican Congress at its meeting which had taken j
place some forty days ago. j
[The chaiiman of the Committee on Foreign i
Relations not being in his seat at this moment,
there was no response to this interrogatory.]
Mr. CRITTENDJN continued. If it were i
proposed, he said, to carry on this war for any
length of time, he thought it would be far better
to increase the army by enlistments than to make
sudden and frequent calls for volunleers. He
thought that the necessity of the case required that
they°should carry on the war vigorously. His
sentiments in relation to the war itself were well
known, and need not to be repeated. He regretted
the war, he deploied it, and wanted to see it ended,
and he should vote for such measures as seemed
best calculated to bring it to a speedy and honoia-
h}& conclusion. And, in his opinion, accoiding to
the best view that he could take of the subject,
there were no means bettercalculated to effect this*
object than to prosecute the war with vigor. And
30 long as he remained of this opinion he should
be ready to vote for the supply of adequate means
for its vigorous prosecution. He had heard other
modes suggested, one of which was that our army
should fall back and take a position upon such a
boundary as this Government intended to adhere !
to, and leave the Mexicans to act on the offensive, 1
and to prosecute the war against us or not, at their j
option. He wished he could believe that this mode j
was the one which was most likely to bring the I
war to a speedy and satisfactory conclusion. But j
if they were to adopt this course, he feared that j
they would be totally at a loss to know when the j
war was ended. It was the sword only that could ;
put an end to it. If they were to cease from active I
operations, they would he obliged to stand with ]
arms in their hands, ready at all times to meet any j
attack which the enemy chose to make; and it
seemed to him that a war carried on in this linger-
ing sort of way would lead to the worst results, as
regarded considerations of humanity, or any other.
He would be obliged to any gentleman who would,
convincc him that there was any other mode more
humane, more economical of expenditures, of
bringing it to a close; but until convinced that
there was such a mode, and believing that their
only alternate was to bring it to an end by a vigor-
ous prosecution of the war, however deplorable
the consequences, he was ready to vote for such
measures as tended to promote a vigorous prose-
cution of the war.
Mr. BENTON said, perhaps the Senator would j
be able to answer his own question, when informed i
that there had been no maiis received from the city !
of Mexico since the period of the assembling of '
the Mexican Congress. As the Senator contem-
plated voting for this bill, he presumed there would
be no opposition to its passage, and he would ask,
therefore, that it be read a third time this day.-
Mr. ARCHER said he believed that Senators
on both sides of the Chamber concurred in the sen-
timents expressed by the Senator from Kentucky
as to the propriety of passing this bill; and he was
not aware that any gentleman would be reluctant
to accede to the request of the chairman of the
Committee on Military AfFairs that it be passed
this day. An inquiry had been addressed by the
Senator from Kentucky to the, chairman of the j|
Committee on Foreign Relations, and, as that gen- m
tleman was not now m his seat, it might be proper |j
that some other member of the committee should j
state, as he now did, (having the honor to be one I;
of the members,) that no communication had been j|
yet laid before that committee in relation to the I
Senator's inquiry. The piobability, therefore, he ;
thought, was, that no answer had been received i
by tins Government. The honorable Senator from j
Kentucky, in announcing his readiness to support j
this bill, had taken occasion to express an opinion j
as to the mode in which this war should be con- j
ducted. He believed there was no Senator on j
either side who was not anxious for an opportu- I
mtv to express the opinions he entertained in rela-
tion to the conduct of the war heretofore, and the
best means to be adopted for bringing it to a speedy
and honorable termination. But he did not think
that such opportunity was properly afforded by
this bill. For his own pait, whatever opinion he
entertained in regard to the oiigin and antecedents
of the war, he was detei mined to go as far as any
man in yielding all necessary supplies; but he did
not mean to go as far as the Senator from Ken-
tucky seemed to have done, and to declare his
views, or even to intimate an opinion, as to what
would be the best mode of conducting the war
with a view to that result which all so much de-
sired. He did not think it expedient to do so for |
many reasons. The Executive must be possessed ;
of better information than Senatoi scould be. What j
would be the better mode of conducting the war, too,
must depend much on the evidence of the officers |
who have been heretofore engaged in the conduct of j
that war. Without the expenenceof those officers
Senators could not say definitively what would be '
the best mode of prosecuting the war. For himself, ■
he would only say, that after his mind shall ha\e ,
been satisfied what was the best mode, his cooper- .
ation should be yielded to it; but for the present he ^
should abstain from any expression of opinion in !
relation to it. He thought his fuend from Ken- !
tucky had been somewhat unadvised in saying ,
that there were two opinions as to the support to
be given to the war on the part of those who \vere |
determined to conduct it to a successful conclusion. I
He would not, for himself, now say any tiling, but j
that he would give his vote for whatever he should j
eventually find, whether supplies of men or money, ;
would conduce to thp success of our arms. ■
Mr. CRITTENPBN. The honorable Senator :
from Virginia seems to think that I have blundered
along in this matter very unadvisedly.
Mr. ARCHER. Not at all, sir. I imputed ,&o
such thing to the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the gentleman
has somewhat misapprehended me. .1 have not
expressed any opinion whatever as to how the ■war
ought to be prosecuted, except that it ought to be
prosecuted vigorously. I have expressed no opin-
ion, much less committed myself, as to pnypar*
ticular mode or project for terminating .the waif;
but merely stated that I have heard it suggested
that it would be better to abstain from active oper-
ations altogether, and to fall back to such line as
it may be intended to maintain as a boundary, and
wait there for such attack as Mexico may choose
to make. I did say, however, that such a mode
of proceeding would be to make a lingering and
endless war, involvingan expense almogjt as much
as active operations would require. Therje -would
be none of the restraints or constraints Qf war, to
make the parties feel the necessity of peace.' I can
see no need of it under such a sysiem, and there-
fore I say, that on a comparison of these means,
active, vigorous war seems to me bettercalculated
and more conducive to the end w^ all have in
view—the speedy termination of the war. 1 give
this as. my opinion, as the matter is presented to
my mind; but I am ready to hear any suggestions
from any quarter, and to adopt any suggestions
from any quarter, of a mode by which this deplo-
rable war can be brought to the best conclusion.
That is what I said. That is what I say in adf
vance : and I think I cannot change my opinion.
I go for any mode which shall promise an early
specific settlement of the war; but as long as I en-
tertain my present views, to be consistent, I must
go for the boldest, most vigorous prosecution of the
war. I go for all the measures that will supply
the means that will be adequate and necessary.
Mr. ARCHER, too, avowed his concurrence in
that branch of the opinions of the gentleman from
Kentucky wherein he had shown he was willing
to grant any supplies, whether of men or money,
to arrive at the conclusion of an honorable peace.
On that point they both agreed. They both would
lend their cooperation to the best means that would
lead to that conclusion; but he would not, as that
Senator had done, commit himself to an expression
of opinion as to what would be the best mode. He
knew there were a great many persons who think
there is no other mode of reaching that end except
by advancing, as the cant phrase is, and <l revel-
ling in the Halls of the Montezumas." Sir, I doub.t
if that would be the best mode of bringing it to a
conclusion; and if that is what my friend mean?
to express by his avowal in favor of a vigorous
prosecution of the war, I will say that I am not
prepared to'express such an opinion now. I have
many strong reasons for it. If I were to express
such an opinion, I might hereafter have an expres-
sion of opinion to retract. I do not think we are
called upon now to express any other opinion, on
either side, than that of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, in which 1 concur, that we will give a cor-
dial support to the war. 13ut I mean to say for
myself, and for myself only, that while I stand
pledged and willingly committed to the support of
the war, I do not mean to stand commuted to any
peculiar mode of conducting the war.
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose but for one word
more. He had certainly no right to feel dissatis-
fied with any opinion of the Senator from Virginia,
though he had thought that that Senators remaiks
weie intended to convey the idea that he (Mr. C.)
had been less cautious and more hasty in the ex-
pression of his opinions than was prudent. His
opinions wei e certainly worth so little that he often
expressed them hastily; but he would also say
that he was always ready to retract them when
he was satisfied they were erroneous. He might
now ha\e expressed his \iews with his usual want
of caution; but if any gentleman can point out any
other mode better calculated to attain an bonoiah-le
peace, he should be thankful to the gentleman who
offered il. The gentleman seemed to suppose that
possibly there roigta be included in his means—a
vigorous prosecution of the war—some iots. of
reaching the Halls of the Montezumas and revelling
there. *The gentleman could hardly suspect that
such an idea was intended to be included by him
in the terms he used when he spoke of the vigor-
ous prosecution of the war. it was peace, and
peace onlv, which he desired, and to attain peace
