184
Tttte CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. Tj
• a fellow-feeling
have a Comititmity of interest, **
makes us Wofldrous kind:"
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON said, although the
question before the Senate was apparently unim-
portant, it seemed to him to involve a principle of
a good deal of importance. He understood the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] to take differ-
ent ground, and to object because it reflected on a
member of ihfe other House. He thought the Sen-
ator from Michigan said that but for that he would
be willing; to priht this memorial; and he inferred,
though it vfas not said in terms, that such would
have been the course of the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Chalmers.] The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Atherton] was opposed to the
printing because it would cost a little money.
Now he (Mr. J.) rose to express his opinion—an
ppinibti in which he differed from the two Senators
from Michigan and Mississippi—and to state very
briefly the grounds of that difference. In 1846,
the tariff policy of this country, not only as it was
established in 1842, but from a time long antece-
dent, was radically changed; changed, because the
Senate and the other House of Congiess wete of
opinion—and so was the Executive—that it was
radically defective. That policy had been, by the
imposition of duties, to protect, designedly, the
agricultural, the planting, as well as the manufac
turing industry of the country; and almost coeval
with that system was found the protection of the
sugar interest by the imposition of duties. The
change to which he had alluded, and m which the
tariff of 1846 was founded, was based on the
assumption that it was unconstitutional, either in
terms, or unconstitutional looking to the spirit of
our organic law, to protect by duties any portion
of the industry of the country designedly^but to
protect incidentally was all right enough. Weil
now, this representative in the other House, who is •;
alluded to in this memorial, shared in that opinion, j
honestly, no doubt; for he (Mr. J.) should be the j
last man on this floor to assail either that repre-
sentative or any other member of the other House,
or to impeach his moral character and conduct.
And what was done by this memorial? A large
number of planters, of the district which that
member represents, impressed by the conviction
that their interests were sacrificed by the act which
received that representative's sanction in 1846,
and believing it utterly and completely useless to
hope toeflect achange through him, present them-
selves before us, stating their reasons for that opin-
ion, in whathe (Mr. J.) considered respectful terms.
Now he understood the Senators from Michigan
and Mississippi to say that this was disrespectful
to the member of the other House. Why, we
have arrived at a singular condition of things m
these United States already; and God knows what
will be the end of it. We have been told on hijrh
authority that he who dares to question the con-
duct of the Executive of the United States, whilst
the country is in a state of war, is "aiding and
comforting" the enemy. That message was re-
ceived, and those words were intended to apply to
somebody—intended to apply to those who differ,
and honestly differ, from the Executive. That
message was received; and did his friends from
Michigan and Mississippi think it disrespectful to
print that message ? Did they not feel and know
that the objcct of that message—on which the time
might come when he should feel it to be his duty
to say a few words—was to impute improper mo-
tives to those who differed from the Executive?
and that amongst those who so differed, were to
be found members of Congress? But neither of
those Senators thought it disrespectful to print that
message. It was legitimate therefore to print what
comes from the Executive, assailing the motives
of representatives, but it was disrespectful and im-
proper to print anything coming from constituents
who think proper to express an opinion different
from that entertained by their representative. And
where does this carry us to? Where does it lead
"us? The Executive is to go unscathed in time of
war, by the popular voice, because, in his opinion,
it maybe "aiding and comforting" the enemy;
and the representative is to go on, his whole course
unexamined and uncensured, because, forsooth, it
is not respectful to find fault with the acts of a rep-
resentative. And where does such a doctrine come
from? Prom our friends on the other side of this
chamber, who are,par excellence, democratic. Prom
such a doctrine he wholly differed. He should not
stay to contend here that the constituency of this
country had the right to be heard, for they had
not only the right to be heard, but to be obeyed
when they are heard. They had the right to in-
fluence their representatives just as the State Legis-
latures had the right to influence the judgments of
their respective Senators here. What would be-
come of the constituencies were it otherwise?
These constituents, then, had the right to express
their opinions of the course of their representative
in respectful language; and without the personal
knowledge of theSenator from Louisiana, [Mr. H.
Johnson,] looking at the document alone, he was
satisfied that it was not the purpose of these me-
morialists to impute corrupt motives to their rep-
resentative. Why then should they not be heard'
Are we the only wise and experienced men in the
nation? Is all the wisdom, and virtue, and judg-
ment, to be found here? Have not the people
experience, and wisdom, and virtue? and have
they not the right to speak as their experience, and
wisdom, and virUic may lead them to speak?
[The Clerk of the House of Representatives ap-
peared below the J)ar, with the bill to promote
enlistments in the army, which the House of Ilep-
lesentiuives had passed, with an amendment.]
Mr. R. JOHNSON continued. Well, now,
where were they going to stop? Fie thought it
his duty, for instance, to assume a certain course
on any question; he differed from his constituents;
and they come and ask the Senate to hear their
voice, and to be permitted to state the existence of
that difference, and to say that they had no reason
to expect that any bill, respecting which there was
such a difference, would be repealed by any action
of his; and they were not to be heard because it ;
was disiespectful to the Senator from Maryland! j
Sir, ours ia a popular Government, founded on an \
enlightened popular will, and that will will be I
heard, sooner or later, whether gentlemen consent j
or refuse, and in spite of what they may do. He .
did not care whether they printed this memorial or ,
not; but he recollected that memorials had come 1
here from New York, petitioning for the repeal of
the pilot law of 1837, and it appeared to have been
obviously right that they should be printed, with-
out even being referred to the Printing Committee;
It was not of importance to them to piint this me-
morial—not to them alone—for they coxild ascer-
tain its contents by going to the table; but was it
not important, in other places to know what the
people of Louisiana think of the repeal of the tariff
act? How could the people of Maryland know
whether he legislated wisely or not on subjects
touching the interests of Louisiana, unless they
had, as he had, the grounds which enteied into his
judgment? He held it to be not only proper, but
of all things Democratic, that the people should be
heard when they spoke m respectful teims. His
friend from Mississippi [Mr. Chalmers] spoke as
though he intended to assert in practice that senti-
ment which was heard at the time it was uttered
only to be reproved, that .the people should be
saved from themselves; that they do not know
how to come before us and state their grievances;
that they are not sufficiently regardful of the de-
cencies ofhfe;and that if they say they differ from
their representatives, they are not to he heard, be-
cause it is disrespectful to some particular repre-
sentative. It seemed to him that this was most
extraordinary doctrine. Prom some cause or
other, their friends on the other side, of the Print
ing Committee, seemed all at once to have got
awake to the danger of printing memorials. This
was not the first memorial they had refused to
print. A body of harmless and virtuous citizens,
deprecating war under all circumstances, looking
to universal peace not only as the end to be de-
sired, but attained, present a respectful memorial:
the printing of that was to be refused! These me-
morialists from Louisiana constitute, as their Sen-
ator stated, the most respectable citizens of both
parties; and feeling that the tariff of 184G would be
oppressive—entertaining the opinion that their in-
terests would be sacrificed—they come here and
say that the conduct of their representative, in its
practical operation, was injurious to their interests;
that he had been unfaithful to their interests; and
they ask the Senate to protect them, and their me-
morial was not to be printed ! Neither of these
memorials was to be printed, because one inciden-
tally assailed the war, and the other the tariff of
1846. These were favorite measures, it seemed,
and it was not intended to allow thein to be as-
sailed. Why, if they printed ten thousand of these
memorials, the expense would not be so great as
the time consumed by the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Atheziton] in opposing it,
Mr. CHALMERS again rose.
Mr. BENTON expressed a desire that the Sen-
ate should concur in an amendment made in the
enlistment bill by the House of Representatives,
and inquired if an opportunity could not be afford-
ed for that purpose.
Mr. CHALMERS said he did not rise to enter
again into the discussion, but simply to reply to
something said in the course of the debate.
Mr. MANGUM said, with permission of the
gentleman from Mississippi, he would move that
the subject under consideration be postponed in-
formally, for the purpose of acting upon the bill
designated by the Senator from Missouri*
The motion was agreed to.
THE ENLISTMENT BILL.
The bill to encourage enlistments in the army of
the United States was then taken up.
Mr. BENTON said the House of Representa-
tives had amended it by the insertion of the words
"unless sooner discharged," an amendment in
which he moved a concurrence.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM availed himself of this oppor-
tunity to move that when the Senate adjourns, it
will adjourn to Monday next.
The motion was agreed to. v
PRINTING OF MEMORIALS.
On the motion of Mr. H. JOHNSON, the Sen-
ate resumed the consideration of the report of the
Printing* Committee.
Mr. CHALMERS felt called upon to say a few
words in reply to what had fallen from Senators.
He denied that he had expressed any unwilling-
ness to hear these memorialists. Fie said he heard
their memorial in silence and with pleasure, for
though he did not agree with them in sentiment,
he was willing that they should be heard. The
Senator from Maryland had read to them a lecture
on propriety of conduct, and intimated that the
position he (Mr. C.) had taken was similar to that
charged as having been taking a few years ago—
that the people were not capable of self-govern-
ment—that the people could not take care of them-
selves. Now nothing that had fallen from him
authorized such an inference. Pie also proceeded
to comment on other expressions used by Senators
respecting the tariff and the Mexican war; and
having corrected the imputations cast upon him,
resumed his seat. *
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the Senate ad-
journ, which was negatived.
The question was then taken on Mr. Simmonsya
amendment, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mc^rs. Archer, Badger. Cillev, Thoimn Clay-
ton, John M. Clayton, Porwio, Crittenden. Davis, Da\ton,
Grrecnc. Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Mangmn, Miller, Morehead, Pierce, Shu
mon , Uphnm, <md Wnodbiii'ge—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breest-, Blight, Butler, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Dix,
Iloiifton, Lewis, Niles, Sevier, Speight, anaTurncy—-18.
The report, as amended, was then adopted.
The Senate then adjourned to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 7, 1847.
The Journal ofThursday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the resolution sub-
mitted yesterday evening by Mr. Haralson, to
close the debate in Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union at half-past two o'clock this day
| on the bill to raise for a limited time an additional
military force, and for other purposes, as the first
business in order.
Mr. T1BBATTS said he rose to a privileged
question; and asked if the previous question had
not been demanded yesterday evening on the reso-
lution to close debate, &c. ?
On being answered that it had not—
Mr. TIBBATTS suggested to Mi. Haralson
to modify his resolution so as to close the debate
on Saturday next, at half-past two o'clock, instead
of this day, at the same hour. Mr. T. thought
that the bill involved great principles, and that fur-
ther time should be allowed for discussion.
Mr. HARALSON said he had no objection to
modify the resolution as requested,as all lie wanted
was early action on the bill.
