138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
As "to this war, he would not say that its exist-
ence was our fault; he was willing to admit that
it had been forced upon us; but no man, Whig
or Democrat, could regret its existence more than
he did. He had seen, from the beginning, that
it would be the opening wedge to questions more
dangerous in their tendency to the peace and
welfare of this nation than any foreign foe. He
would here take the liberty to say, that after the
battles of the 8th and 9th of May, he bad deeply
regretted the order given to our troops to advance
and cross the Rio Grande; not because he thought
we had no right to enter Mexico, but if he could
have controlled the movemenuof our troops they
never should have done it. He still wished they
never had. But they were there; and now, what
were we to do? Should we take Mexican teiri- j
tory or not? Perhaps we might not be able: but ;
supposing we could push our victorious way, and I
the national vanity be so far gratified as to behold j
our generals " revelling in the Halls of the Monte- ,
zumas," what fruit should we reap from the vic-
tory? He regarded the halls of his own ancestors |
far before those of any foreigners; and he should
feel inclined to say, let the sons of Montezuma
abide in the halls of Montezuma. Perhaps he
might be wrong; but liis own policy would be
to establish a boundary line between this coun-
try and Mexico, and then declare to the world
that we had been compelled to go to war in order
to settle pending questions between the two Gov-
ernments and to establish a permanent boundary
line; and then he would hold on till a treaty could
be concluded. He did not undertake to say where
the boundary ought to be; let that be settled by
wiser heads than his; but such would be the course
he should prefer; for he saw no good likely to
arise to humanity from prosecuting this war any |
further. He did not mean to cast a shadow of j
censure on the Administration, or on those gentle- !
men who might differ from bun m opinion. He I
might be permitted to express his own judgment
without an implied censuie on his friends. Should
we then take any territory from Mexico or not?
Tt was an important question. Did gentlemen sup-
pose, if it should be announced to those of our
troops who had come from States at the South in
the hour of battle that the territory their arms j
might win was to be made, when attained, a cause !
of annoyance and injury to those they had left in j
their homes, what w'oyld their thoughts be? What '
feelings would rise m the bosom of the soldier I
when he saw that all the fiuit of his valor and his ,
blood was to be his own destiaction? Gentlemen J
should have this question well settled before they
proceeded to acquire new teiritory; because when 1
It w.is acquired it would then be too late. Rlr. 1).
was not esteemed by his friends a (t hot Southron,"
on the contrary, he was spoken of by them as '
rather a cool, considerate man. As a cool man, ;
then, let him tell gentlemen his own candid opin- ]
ion: unless, in the territory which we might win
from Mexico and add to our own, the principles !
which had settled ihe line of 30' as the com-
promise line between /ice and slave terntoiy shoijjd
be permitted to prevail, this Union must at once
sink. Oilier gentlemen inii>!it enjoy their own j
opinions: this was his. Tie had been raised in the
midst of slavery, and had never been so far North \
before as he now was. He knew the people of the ■
South, and he entreated gentlemen not to attempt
thus to hind them hand and foot. The Union was
intended for our peace and independence: it was
our inheritance from noble ancestors. Oil that
gentlemen, on this momentous occasion—for mo-;
mcntous lie felt it to lie—would lemember and ■
manifest the spirit in which they framed the charter
of our liberties, and act in a spirit of brotheily
kindness and mutual regard. Then might our
common flag wave m triumph and security for- I
ever, and be the emblem to the world of the bless-
ings of a free government. But if gentlemen were
determined to push on, rogaidless of the principles
of compromise, and press them to the wall, let them .
take the admonition of one who, in all probability, !
would neier addiess tliem again, and believe him
when he said, that if they did that, they migbtfrom
that hour date the downfall of this Republic.
After very earnestly deprecating the spuit of
division and mutual reproach, and again express- 1
mg JUS solemn conviction that if this question was
piessed to an issue the Government could not Ion- ;
ger continue, he advised all the most influential |
members o{ the House, both Whig and Demo- I
cratic, to go together to the President, represent
to him the crisis to which the country must be
brought, and concert with him such a course of
measures as might relieve it from the dangers by
. which it seemed now to be surrounded."
I Mr. SEDDON next obtained the floor and ad-
dressed the committee in a speech in which he dis-
cussed the principles of Mr. King's bill to exclude
slavery from all the territory we might acquire by
arms; of which he spoke in terms of very great
severity, as in utter violation of every principle of
justice and all equality of right, and subversive of
the fundamental principles of the Constitution.
[Mr. S.'s speech will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. GROVER then took the floor,and addressed
the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I was among those who voted
yesterday morning to terminate debate on the bill
now unuer consideration, for the reason, that I
supposed that this was an important measure,
necessary in order to enable us more vigorously
to prosecute the war, and with the view that we
should act promptly upon it. At that time, I had
not designed to participate in this discussion at all.
1 supposed that the causes of the war had been so
clearly set forth by the President's message, that
it was only necessary to disseminate that document
through the country—to give it a wide and exten-
sive circulation—in order to satisfy all that our
cause was just. I supposed that those who had
spoken in reference to the causes of the war, and
the mode of Us prosecution, on the resolutions re-
ferring the President's message, had exhausted the
argument; that fmther discussion in reference to it
would be of no avail; and that the time had arrived
when, m the language of one who addressed us the
other day, [Mr. Baker,] talking was no longer re-
quisite; but we were called upon for action. I
supposed that' we ought promptly to act on this
bill, and the various other measures connected
with it, and when they should have been disposed
of, then we would be at liberty to discuss what I
deemed to be a very important question—the ques-
tion that seems to absorb the entire attention of the
committee to-day.
Mr. Chairman, I shall discuss none of the topics
to which I have referred. I shall pursue the same
course that the gentlemen who have preceded me
in the discussion this morning have taken, and
shall direct my attention more particularly to the
bill which my colleague [Mr. Kino] attempted to
piesciu to the considcuuioti of this House the other
day. I am gratified this morning that we see on
the part of our southern friends (and I call them
our friends) a different line of tactics marked out
from what was designated by them a few days
since. A few days since, a gentleman from the i
South [Mr. Hilmard] got up and remarked, that ,
this topic could not be discussed here; that our hps, ;
in this matter, should be hermetically sealed; and
the warning, m doleful notes, was sounded forth 1
within these pillars, that if we persisted in this I
discussion, the fabric of our loved and cherished |
Union was in danger. This morning, 1 observe |
that gentlemen from the same section of country I
have pursued a different line; they have introduced ;
the subject. 1 rejoice that they have done it; that |
the opportunity is presented to gentlemen from dif-
ferent sections of the country—not m a spirit of \
excitement, becausc there is no necessity for any j
excitement on this subject; not in a spirit of craven
fear, or anything of that sort; but calmly, reason- i
ably, as responsible men, to express their views in
reference to this subject; and when we progress in j
the examination of it, and the various topics con-
nected with it, permit me, Mr. Chaiiman, to give
the whole of the history, and see where we agree
tind where we differ; because, m very many of the
points urged by the South, if I understand northern
feeling, there is not a particle of difference between
us. Oil some of the topics, there is a difference.
But, before I proceeed to that, let me address a
few remarks to this committee ill reply to what
has been said in this House in reference to the time
of introducing this discussion. Sir, from various
quarters has censure been cast upon my colleague
[Mr. King] because lie presented that bill; from va-
rious quai ters has another esteemed colleague, now
before nie, [Mr. Gordon,] been censured because
he alluded to the subject in his remarks on this
floor. With all that was said by that colleague I
most cordially concur, except one thing, and that
is, that the time of presenting the Wilmot proviso
was not opportune; that, although he would sup-
port it, yet he would have been gratified could it
have been deferred. Sir, such was not my judg-
ment, such were not my convictions of what was
right. I approved the presentation of that proviso
at the time; I supported it cordially and ardently,
and I am prepared to do so now, and at all times.
Was the time opportune? Was it proper, sir?
We had then under consideration a bill appropri-
ating two million of dollars for the purpose of en-
abling us to negotiate a. peace with Mexico. All
desired peace—the North and the South, the East
and the West. 1 presume theie was no difference
of opinion on the point, that if we appropriated
that money it was but the truth, perfectly clear to
the undeistanding of each and every one of us,
that by the negotiation we were to acquire territo-
ry. When, if this House would express their
sentiments on a question of that character, should
they express them ? At the earliest opportunity,
whenever it was in order to be presented for our
consideration and our action. Then was the time
I'or Representatives here to come up boldly to this
work, to take their stand unflinchingly, and say
whether, under the action and influence of this
Government, under the legislative authority of
this nation, by the collective wisdom of the entire-
country, territory, free in itself, where slavery by
no law now exists, was to be converted into slave
territory. I was prepared for that question then—
I am prepared for it now.
There was another consideration that rendered
the time most fitting, in my judgment. It was
this: throughout the entire northern portion of
this country it was the topic of conversation and
discussion, and of earnest investigation, what was
to be the result of the war. The charge was iter-
ated and reiterated that the war was undertaken
on the part of the Administration, aided by the
South, for the purpose of-extending the area of
slavery—for the purpose of making conquests
from Mexico, there to plant that institution. 1 did
not believe it, sir. I did not believe that there was
a single Repiesentative on this floor, from any sec-
tion of our country, much less that theie was a
single member of the Administration, who for one
moment could entertain the idea that the power of
this Confederacy, diiectly or indirectly, was to bo
brought to bear to change the position, the relative
position, now existing between the free and the
slave territory. I wished a declaration on that
subject for the purpose of satisfying the northern
mind: the northern mind was in doubt, was halt-
ing. It was in doubt about the war, because,
although they believed—at least the party with
whom I acted believed—that the causes of war
were sufficient, and that war should be vigorously
prosccuted, yet tlicv were unprepared in the face
of the civilized world to incur the responsibility of
carrying on or prosecuting a war that was to ex-
tend that institution. The northern mind required,
as I supposed, to be disabused on that subject. I
did not believe such a design was entertained by
anybody. Give us a declaratory resolution, sup-
ported on all sides in this House and in the other
House, that you have no such design; that slavery
is not to be extended in consequence of this war;
that we have no such object in view; that, in short,
it shall not be done,—and what is the result ? Why,
the gentlemen who just addressed us, [Messrs.
Daroan, of Alabama, and Seddon, of Virginia,]
say we give "aid and comfort" to the enemy.
But what would we be doing ? Making an appeal
to the great northern heart that throbs throughout
that entire section: and they will make bare their
arms to strike the blow; they will furnish you the
treasure; they will furnish you everything that is
necessary to prosecute this war: but they will not,
they cannot, cordially go forward in the prosecu-
tion of a war which is to result in the other conse-
quences to which I have adverted. It was with a
view to bring out a more thorough suppoit of the
war that I sought to have that proviso carried then.
With that view my colleague presented his bill
here. We were willing to give the Administration
$2,000,000 for peace; we are willing to make any
sacrifices the Administration requires; but on what
terms? Satisfy the northern people—satisfy the
people whom we represent—that we are not to ex-
tend the institution of slavery as the result of this
war.
Mr. BOYD, of Kentucky, here interposed, and,
the floor being yielded, said he did not know
whether he understood the gentleman fairly. He
