188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 7,
preserving to freedom what is now free, when we
have liberally and generously given you Texas,
with slavery ? It seems to me that the complaint
should come from the other hand.^ ^
' But gentlemen say, their position is, that Con-
gress- has no power over the subject. This is of a
perfect piece with their compromise. If we have
nothing to do with it, will the ingenious gentlemen
have the goodness to tell me what we have to
compromise? If our action on this subject is a
mere nullity, what shall we compromise? And
what becomes of your boasted Missouri compro-
mise, that you sometimes walk up to, and some-
times depart from ?
But, Mr. Chairman, do they really believe that
we have no power over the subject? Let us ex-
amine that position, and see where it will end.
California, and all the territory there now, is free.
Mexico—barbarous Mexico—when she threw on
the yoke of the mother country, abolished slavery
throughout her entire jurisdiction. It is now pro-
hibited by her laws. The territory is now a con-
quered teiritory; the law that existed then under
Mexico is still, it' I understand the law of nations
aright, the law of the land until it is changed by
the conqueror. It is now free territory; slavery is
unlawful*, and when you admit, according to the
rule you lay down, that Congress can do nothing
on the subject, can pa3s no law regulating it, you
admit all I* ask. It must remain forever free terri-
tory, until some power is established there that
can legislate for it. What is that power? It is not
a mere territorial government. When we establish
a territorial government there, Congress, in the
regulation of that government, prescribes their or-
ganic laws; it makes what is equivalent to a con-
stitution in a State. The Territorial Legislature
can exercise just such powers only as Congress
delegates to them. We are the creators; they can
exercise only delegated powers; and, according to
your own admission here, slavery can never be
established there until it comes into the Union as a
State. When it comes into the Union as a State,
I agree with the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Seddon] they have a right to establish institutions
for themselves. After they are admitted into the
Union—after they possess themselves of sovereign
power and sovereign rights—we have no control
over th§m. Take care" of yourselves, then, gen-
tlemen. We, of the North, will interfere with
you no longer. We have no longer any respon-
sibility hanging upon us for the institution; and
we admit that you have the right, when once in-
corporated as a sovereign State into this Union, if
you hold to the advantage of slavery, if you wish
t> introduce it, to do it. The North will never
complain. All the North asks is, to keep them-
selves entirely free from all responsibility for sla-
very. Wc hold that we are not responsible; that
this Government ought not to render itself respon-
sible. We say further—at letist I, for one, say-
that we will iwl be responsible for slavery; we will
be able to stand up before our people at home, and,
when wc address abolitionists, or anybody else,
toll them it is u question we have nothing to do
with; that we have nothing more to do with slavery
than with serfdom in Russia* Russia has serf-
dom; we don't like that, but nevertheless we do
not withdraw our vessels from her shores, and
suspend all trade and traffic with her. It is their
concern. We say the same to the South. We
have nothing to do with it. Our hands are clean.
The General Government has no control over it:
leave it to them, to manage it as they see fit; it is
their own concern. But if we relinquish this
principle—if we allow the blood of the North, and
the money of the North, to be poured out—the
power of this Government to be engaged in the
extension of slavery—we have lost the vantage-
ground of principle; then we are responsible to
our constituents; then we are, responsible to the
civilized world; then wc are responsible to God.
That responsibility we cannot evade. We are
responsible further: we are responsible to the fu-
tute generations that may inhabit California, for
introducing that institution among them. To-day,
we have the power to slop it; to-day, if northern
men would do their duty—if they would dismiss
all idle fears about the dissolution of the Union—
and come up, as the South always do, shoulder to
shoulder, and meet them—what then? We'll let
things remain in the condition in which they now
are. Texas is received, and they were very cau-
tious to secure slavery with it. Let us be equally
vigilant to prevent them from extending slavery;
let us meet the question boldly and fairly, and the
thing is done, the deed is accomplished. These
threats of the dissolution of the Union are thrown
out, in my judgment, with a view to intimidate and
jar weak nerves; to induce northern men to for-
bear action on the subject, and to furnish them,
when they shall have allowed themselves to be-
come the tocrts of the South in the extension of
slavery, with the plea with which to justify
themselves before their constituents, that the
Union was in danger; that the work of our revo-
lutionary fathers, that the government of Wash-
ington, was in danger. In my judgment, an
answer like that given to a northern constituency
will come far short of satisfying them. It is the
test you should make. In my judgment, every
northern man should look this question boldly m
the face, and say—what? That the North would
dissolve the Union if they could not succeed ? She 11
doTio such thing. As long as the Constitution is
preserved, she'll never secedefrom the Union; but
say, we'll do this openly, boldly, in the face of
day; we'll openly take this stand on principle, and
carry out what we know to be the behest of our
united constituencies.
But we were told, Mr. Chairman, by the gentle-
man who last addressed the committee, of the great
injustice we are doing if we say to southern gen-
tlemen that they shall not go with their property
into that territory. We unjust to them! Is it so ?
How does this argument dovetail with the "'com-
promise" that limited slavery to south of 36° 30',
and excluded it north of that line ? And they all tell
us with one accord, with one voice, that they are
prepared to go with us in its support, and exclude
slavery north of36° 30'. They aie willing to have
that degree of" injustice !" But south of that, we
must not go on peril of the dissolution of the
Union ! Sir, is there any soundness in arguments
of this description? Is there any analogy, when
the gentleman from Virginia says we do them in-
justice by prohibiting them from introducing their
property" into this territory, to the law of Vir-
ginia (for I am told that Virginia has lately pass-
ed such a law) prohibiting slaves from other States
being brought in there and sold? If slaves are
" property" in the sense of the Constitution, 1 ask
where is the validity of such a law ? Where do
they get their authority to " regulate" the com-
mercc ''between the different States ?" I am told
that in Delaware a law exists prohibiting the taking
slaves out of the State and selling them. Where
does Delaware get authority to enact such a law?
I had supposed, Mr. Chairman, that the regulation
of commerce was a matter exclusively within the
control of this Government. But these laws are
valid. I don't doubt they may enact them. I
don't question their power. Why5 Bccause slaves
are not the kind of " property" that is within the
meaning of the Constitution. If they are, such a
law would be invalid. Virginia cannot pass a law
prohibiting me from taking my horse and selling it
within her boundaries; New York cannot pass a
law prohibiting the manufactures of Massachusetts
to be brought within her territory and sold; New
York cannot prohibit me from driving my cattle to
Pennsylvania and selling them: such laws would at
once be pronounced unconstitutional. And now,
gentlemen from Virginia, if you have a law saying
to Georgia: You shall not bring your slaves into my
dominions and sell them, what greater injustice do
we do you when we say to Virginia, You shall not
take your slaves to California and sell them ? If
Delaware and other States say you shall not take
your slaves out of the State for a market, what
greater injustice do we do when we say you shall
not take your slaves out of your State into Cali-
fornia for a market? Gentlemen complain that the
matter is unequal, that the North has the advan-
tage. But cannot southern men take the same
property as northern men, there? We propose to
have one law to govern all—one universal rule of
light. They say their citizens cannot go to Cali-
fornia if slavery is excluded; but the fact is, I be-
lieve that a majority of the voters of the South do
not, arid never did, own a slave m the world. I
believe if those voters could be consulted on this
subject, and their voice could be heard, they would
say, save us a portion of what the gentleman from
Virginia declares to be the finest part of this con
tinent, where we can go, where we can set up for
ourselves, where we can enjoy the delightful cli-
mate, reap the benefits of the fertile soil, and pro-
duce our own favorite article without the competi-
tion of slavery. This is one of the reasons why
I think all the talk of the dissolution of the Union
is baseless and groundless.
Well, sir, in regard to the position we occupy in
reference to the war. I have already remarked that
I believe the war to be just. I believe it should be
prosecuted. I believe that we should not rest short
of obtaining an honorable peace from Mexico. I
believe, with the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr,
Stanton,] that that honorable peace never can be
acquired short of the acquisition of territory. I go
for prosecuting the war. I will go for the neces-
sary men and means. I will vote them cheerfully,
cordially, and with alacrity; and that is the reason -
why I wanted to terminate this debate yesterday.
We want that territory, and we want it free; we
want it in the condition best for itself for future
ages. We want it without the spot of the " de-
formity" the gentleman from Virginia spoke about
yesterday; and, gentlemen of the South, do not be
so selfish about it. You have an institution you
are attached to; we'll leave it to you. If you
know it to be an evil don't, like the fox in the
fable, to escape from the consequences of your mis-
fortune, be endeavoring to extend the same thing
to all around you. Sif, we want to go with you
in the prosecution of the war; we'll do it cordially,
cheerfully. And I do hope that our southern
friends (for I call them so) are not about to unite
with northern Whigs—because we have heard
from them that we can acquire no territory at all.
Let not the country be disgraced by the ominous
junction of southern Democrats with northern
'Whigs. The northern Whigs say we can get no
territory.at all; they clip your wings at once. And
let not southern Democrats say likewise that we
can have no territory unless it be made a slave ter-
ritory to suit them. If there is such an ominous
junction—if our southern friends are found voting
with the gentleman from Ohio they talk about so
much, [Mr. Giddings,] all I can say to them is, we
shall keep the even tenor of our way. We believe
we had suffered enough from Mexico to justify
war; she at last commenced war with us; we have
been and are in favor of the vigorous prosecution
of the war. We have got territory from Mexico;
we will hold on to it, and keep it in the condition
which shall be the best for them. We want to send
our industry, our capital, our enterprise, our free
labor, to the shores of the Pacific, and plant there
an empire which in fifty years shall be a rival of
New England; we want to see her commerce
whitening every sea; we want to see manufactures
established there which shall be able to compete
in open market with those of the world: we want
to see all the arts of civilized life introduced there;
we are satisfied that the Mexicans never will doit;
they are not the race of people to do it; American
fieemen, whether hailing from the North or South
will do it, will secure all these blessings to that
region. And shall it all be cut short by northern
Whigs and southern Democrats? The jdea to my
mind is melancholy, when we look into the fu-
ture, and see what California might be, what an
extension misrht be given to our institutions—the
idea that all this is to be cut short, that our armies
are to be recalled, that the country is to be dis-
graced, that all the eloquence of southern gentle-
men about the outrages of Mexico, her spoliations
of our commerce, her imprisonment of our citi-
zens—all are to evaporate into thin air and we to
find out that all their patriotism is to get a little
more territory, which is now free, to make it slave
territory. The North went with you to recognise
the existence of war and to prosecute it vigor-
ously, when you told us Mexico had despoiled our
commcrce and given us numberless outrages and
insults which were ample cause of war. When you
told us you were going to indemnify us by acqui-
ring territory, we believed it, and we cooperated
with you; but we are not willing to extend by our
authority over thnt territory, or be responsible to
God and man for extending over it, what we know
to be an evil. We cannot do it. But, as I before
remarked, it seems to me that the project is too
clearly shadowed out, mapped out from the dec-
laration of southern men, that they won't haveany
territory except it is made slave territory, and the
northern Whigs, " no territory" — shoulder to
shoulder. Not to name men, I have in my mind's
eye a leading Whig of the North, and a prominent
Democrat of the South, who seem to be fighting,
shoulder to shoulder, for "no territoryIf you
