184?.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
130
do this, we'll not threaten you with the dissolution
of the Union; no, that is no reason why we should
dissolve the Union, but we'll clear our skirts from
the responsibility of it; we'll go home and tell our
people the war was just, that it was a fair coun-
try, a delightful region, that we could incorporate
it into our Union, without a conquest—because
there was nobody there to conquer—and we were
cut short in doing it in the same way our western
friends say we lost 54° 40'. The same junction
that clipped us there may clip us again. I am
apprehensive it will continue to clip us,-and I
hope no northern man — I know my colleague
who offered this bill will not talk about the dis-
solution of the Union—will not make use of any
such Childish talk. If you want to do it, do it; if
southern men want to pass by all our grievances,
all our spoliations by Mexico, all the blood that
has been spilt, and want all their bravery and chiv-
alry to evaporate into empty air; if they want it
all to appear in the result as was shadowed foith
on the vote on the Wilmot amendment—to be
their lurking design—to get slave territory, or
none at all, shoulder to shoulder you'll go with old
Massachusetts in recalling our troops, in settling
ourselves quietly down on the boundary, leaving
all that territory, dog-in-the-manger-like, to bar-
barous Mexico—the Indians to roam over it, civili-
zation never to go to it. No; 1 repeat, southern
Democracy, and, I hope, northern Whiggery, will
aid in averting such a calamity from the country.
1 hope such a disgraceful spectacle will not be pre-
sented to Europe, that such an unholy motive
prompted the South in this war—that they had,
indeed, such a design, which the Wilmot amend-
ment smoked out. I did not believe it: when told by
some of my senior colleagues that such was the
design, I would not admit it. When I talked with
southern men they admitted slavery was an evil.
" Merciful Heaven ! they don't want to send it to
California." My senior colleagues told me they
did. I would not believe it. "Watch; you'll see.
Watch along towards the latter part of the ses-
sion." And sure enough, on the last day but one
before we adjourned, this bill appropriating two
million of dollars to acquire territory was recom-
mended by the President, and was brought up
here; and on the proviso being offered restricting
slavery in the territory that might be acquired, the
North went with one accord for it, (for Whigs and
Democrats were almost entirely united in it,) and
the South stood shoulder to shoulder against it, on
the ground that if we can't have slave territory
we'll have none at all; let Mexico go on, if we are
not to extend the area ofslavery, we'll have noth-
ing. Who from the North is willing to " stand"
forth " confess'd" before his constituents, and in the
face of the world, under-the responsibility of ex-
tending that institution ? Let me say to northern
men: the eyes of the Union are upon us; this is a
question to which our previous history presents us
no parallel. " Lay not the flattering unction to
your souls" that we can extend the line of 36° 30'
to the Pacific: this 36° 30' was a boundary where
slavery was authorized; it was only saying let it
remain in the condition in which it was then; the
work you now engage in is an entirely different
work. You are to establish slavery where it is
not, when it is in your power to prevent it; where,
by occupying firm ground, you can stop it; and
by deciding this question at once, can bring the war
to an honorable, a glorious termination. When
you talked about the territory of Texas, your con-
stituents knew that slavery existed there 
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, here interposed
to make an inquiry, and had said but a word or
two, when the hammer fell, and Mr. Gkover's,
hour expired.
Mr. TOOMBS then obtained the floor, and the
committee rose and reported.
The bill from the Senate to encourage enlist-
ments in the regular army was taken up and read
twice.
Mr. BOYD inquired of the Chair if he thought
the bill involved an appropriation, and therefore re-
quired to be committed to a committee.
The SPEAKER replied that he thought not.
The bill was then read a third time, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
The SPEAKER laid before the House several
communications:
I. A letter from the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, containing a statement showing the
number of clerks and other persons employed in
his office during the year 1846, the pay of each,
and the time employed; which letter was ordered
to lie on the table, and to be printed.
II. A communication from the Secretary of War,
submitting statements of expenditures from the ap-
propriations for contingentexpenses of the various
offices and bureaus of the department during the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1846, in compliance
with the 20th section of the act approved 26th Au-
gust, 1842; which communication was oidered to
lie on the table, and to be printed.
Bills from the Senate of the following titles were
taken up, twice read, and referred as follows, viz:
A bill for the relief of Joshua Dodge. Referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
A bill authorizing the purchase of the papers of
Alexander Hamilton. Referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
John Rice Jones, deceased. Referred to the Coift-
mittee on Public Lands;
A bill declaring the assent of Congress to certain
States to imposea tax upon ail lands hereafter sold
by the United States therein, from and after the
day of such sale. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands;
A bill tj apply certain alternate sections of the
public domain toward the completion of works of
internal improvement in tl?e Suite of Michigan, and
for other puposes. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. E. H. EWING, previous notice having
been given, obtained leave to introduce bills of the
following titles, viz:
A bill making compensation to pension agents;
and a bill providing compensation for the officers
and soldiers who served in the Indian wars prior
to the treaty of Grenville, in 1795; which bills
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Also, a bill to alter and amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KAUFMAN, previous notice having been
given, introduced the following bill:
Be it enacted by the Senute and Hjuse of Representatives of
the United Stales uj Jhaeiicu in Congress assembled, That the
Pie.-ideut ot the United Stales be and lie is hervby autho-
rized tn increase itu1 naval establishment of the United
States by adding thereto the naval establishment of the late
republic of Texas; and, tor the purpose of enabling him to
do so, he may inciuase the number of'oificera in the runy of
the (Jmted Stat's as follows: 1 captain, 1 commander, 7
lieutenants, 1 surgeon, 3 pursers, -Z inasteis, and $ midship-
men.
Mr. CATHCART, previous notice having been
given, obtained leave to introduce the following
bills, viz:
A bill for the prosecution of the work upon the
harbor at Michigan City, in Indiana Referred to
the Committee on Commerce;
A bill for the reduction of the price of lands ac-
quired of the Miami Indians, in Indiana, to a min-
imum of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
A bill granting a certain quantity of land, in the
State of Indiana, to aid in the construction of the
Buffalo and Mississippi railroad through said State.
Referred to the Committee oil Public Lauds.
Mr. HASTINGS, previous notice having been
given, obtained leave to introduce bills of the fol-
lowing titles, viz:
A bill to provide for the redemption of certain
inundated lands on the Mississippi river, in the
State of Iowa*, and a bill providing for and aiding
the sale of the public lands on the Cedar and Iowa
rivers, in the State of Iowa, and providing for the
improvement of the navigation of said rivers; which
bills were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL presented a memo-
rial of John C. Hoyt, agent of underwriters at
Key West, praying for the establishment of an
admiralty court at Key West; which was refened
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS,
Rewired, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads is hereby instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing post-routes from
Harrisburg, Lafayette county, to Rose Hill, in
Johnson county, and from Bolivar, Polk county,
to Cedar Court-house, in the State of Missouri.
On motion of Mr. SEAMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee oil the Post Office
and Post Roads be requested to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from 3Nonh
Shore to Granitevilie, ana from Richmond to
Bloomin^view, in the county of Richmond, State
of New York; and, also, to establish a post office
at some central point between TompkinsvilJe and
Clifton, in the same county.
Mr. HOPKINS offered the follo^ingresolution,
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish this House with a state-
ment showing the whole amount allowed and paid
at the Treasury during1 the year ending 30th June,
3846, for postages of tne Executive departments of
the Government, and for the several officers and
persons authorized by the act reducing the rates of
postage, approved 3d March, 1846, to send or re-
ceive matter through the mails free, including the
amount allowed or allowable, if charged for the
postages of any officers or agents, military, naval,
or civil, employed in or by any of the saia depart-
ments.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the amount of
public moneys in the several depositories of the
Government, according to the latest returns re-
ceived at the Treasury Department; and, further,
that he inform this House why the usual monthly
statement of the Treasurer of the United States in
relation thereto, for the month of December, has
not yet been published.
On motion of Mr. LA SERE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into and report upon the
expediency and necessity of establishing a naval
depot and navy agency at the city of New Or-
leans.
On motion of Mr. PILLSBURY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a collection district at Port Cavallo, in the
State of Texas, and report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. HARMANSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of sus-
pending the resurvey of the Greensburg land dis-
trict, in Louisiana.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 8, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was Vead and approved.
On motion of Mr. ROBERT SMITH, by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail-route from Cale-
donia, in Pulaski county, to Jonesboro', in Union
county, Illinois.
Mr. VANCE, by leave, presented a memorial
of upwards of two hundred citizens of Dover, in
the State of New Hampshire, praying that the war
between the United States and Mexico may be
speedily terminated; which memorial was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives to him, informing him that, in compli-
ance with the joint resolution of Congress, approv-
ed August 3d, 1846, the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives had
advertised for proposals for the printing for Con-
gress, and that the joint resolution required that
the bids should be opened in presence of the Vice
President of the United States and the Speaker of
the House of Repi esentatives, the Secretary of the
Senate, and the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives; and that Saturday (this day) had been fixed
upon by the Secretary and Clerk as the day for
opening said bids.
Mr. RATH BUN said that, in order to allow the
Speaker and Clerk an opportunity to be present,
as required by the joint resolution, he would move
that tne hour of adjournment of the House to-mor-
row be fixed at the hour of two o'clock.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to reconsider the
vote of yesterday by which the resolution closing
the debate in Committee of the Whole was pass-
! ed, in order that he might move to amend the reso-
| lution so as to set the hour of two o'clock this day
' for closing the debate.
