1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
passed in Committee of the "Whole by but a very
email majority. U could possibly have been in-
tended but for two objects: it may have been, and
probably was, intended for both: to support the
President, shield him from public censure, and 10
drive the Whigs from supporting a bill appropria-
ting men and money to protect the army, and in
case of its defeat, the country from the conse-
quences of this war, with the deliberate purpose to
make political capital for the President and his
party. Th e scheme failed. The Whigs denounced
the statement, which they believed to be false, and
voted the men and the money; and some of the
President's friends have been continually, even at
this session, manifesting their chagrin and disap-
pointment at the defeat of this contemptible legis-
lative trick, by arguing that the thing could not be
done without just censure upon those who thus
voted. Censure from the authors of such a pro-
ceeding is no mean evidence of merit. A portion
of the House, who seem to be the most clamorous
in favor of this war, and against the President's
opponents, seem to me to have extremely similar
opinions upon what is a patriotic support of the
war. They seem to think—reechoing the Presi-
dent's denunciations of his political opponents,
lending themselves es distributing common sewers
to pass those denunciations and aspersions through
this House to the country—that voting men, espe-
cially officers, and authorizing loans, is effectually
and patriotically supporting the war. But call
upon them for a tax, ask them to support the war
effectually—impose just and necessary burdens
upon their constituents to carry it on—put their
popularity to the slightest risk, and they flinch.
Let your requisitions take any form but that of
taxation, if you expect to get support from them.
The Secietary of the Treasury causes to be pub-
lished a most extraordinary letter to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means—
a letter the publication of which would be highly
injurious under any circumstances, and especially
injudicious and perhaps unjust to the public credit-
ors, if its statements are correct. He tells us that
he cannot negotiate a loan upon such terms as
Congress would probably sanction without a duty
on tea and coffee. Forthwith, perhaps the next
day, a friend of the Administration introduces a
resolution declaring it inexpedient to tax tea and
coffee," and then clamorous war men passitth rough
the House with a large majority. Call you this
backing your friends, or the war either?
This war is, in many respects, a nondescript; but
one of its most extraordinary peculiarities is, that
it is the first war, in ancient or modern times,
among civilized nations, in which the generation
carrying on the war bore no part in the expenses
of maintamingit. Our revenue is upon the peace
establishment." and perhaps insufficient for that.
We have levied no war taxes; and the majority
upon this floor, who hold the purse-strings of the
nation, give no indication of an intention to levy
any. It is as though those who made the war in-
tend to enjoy that hitherto expensive luxury at the
cost of posterity. But let them beware. They
once before found the bottom of the national credit
even in time of peace with the civilized world. An
Indian war in Florida proved too much for Loco-
foco financiering. Unless a different policy is pur-
sued, we shall be again called upon to lament the
financial degradation of our country. Mr. T. said
he should have no hand in it himself; that he should
continue to vote taxes upon tea and coffee, and raise '
supplies in a 1 proper and legitimate modes. Such !
had heretofore been the policy of his political i
friends, and he trusted that they would continue it. .
Let them denounce, boldly and fearlessly, every |
infraction of the Constitution and the laws; expose ,
all manner of official delinquency and corruption; j
suffer no detriment to come upon any of the secun- |
ties of popular liberty and republican government ,
amid the clangor of arms; keep the country always j
in the right, if possible; but protect her in any and ;
every event from the foreign enemy. !
After till that had been said here and elsewhere (
against those who doubted the propriety or neces- ,
sity of this wai; after all the aspersions cast by the j
President in his message on those who had the in- ,
dependence to question it, what did it become an j
American citizen to do? Mr. T. said he had no
hesitation in declaring what would be his policy. ;
The nation was at war; he cared not how or by ;
whom the war had been commenced; that ques- ;
lion would not affect his course m the least. He !
believed that the manner of its commencement had
been wrong; but we were now in the midst of it,
and it becamd us to win a peace, an honorable
peace. He wished to terminate the war; but it
never would be terminated so long as it was car-
ried on upon the present basis. We had called
out twenty thousand men into the field, and they
had gained to themselves and the nation uYidying
fame; but all our victories had been barren victo-
ries. We had whipped the enemy twice, and yet
we were no nearer accomplishing the objects of the
war than when General Taylor first began his
march. The Government had not given to their
commander force enough to pursue his victories
to any result. He had been commanded to termi-
nate the armistice to which he had provisionally
agreed, and forthwith to follow the retiring foe.
But he had not done it; and why? Because he
was in no condition to do it. And the armistice
was to this hour as much in force, from the mere
necessity of t^he case, as if it had never been re-
voked. This was the style in which the war
had been prosecuted from the beginning; it had
not been pressed with vigor. The Government
should have sent Taylor ample reinforcements long
ago. Mr. T. would say, let them be sent to-mor-
row if it could be done. Call out force enough to
strike a decided blow, and end the war at once.
Mr. T. would vote him ten, twenty regiments,
fifty, if he wanted them; or, if that was not suffi-
cient, he would vote for a hundred, and then he
would vote for laying the taxes necessary to pay
them; but he demanded that the President should
terminate the war, and terminate it by the sword;
for that was the only way m which it would ever
be brought to an end. Why was it not done? The
troops we had had done all that the same amount
of men could be asked to do; they had won two
brilliant victories, and then stormed and taken
Monterey; but there they stopped; they could go
no farther. The enemy, meanwhile, was in
stiengtnat Potosi. Had we marched against him?
And if we did, were we able to compete with him r
We were not. The President knew we were not;
yet he did nothing.
Mr. T.'s policy would be to tender peace to
Mexico. The President said he had done this;
he had offered her a peace. Mr. T. hoped it was
a good one, though he had his fears on that sub-
ject. (If he knew one good thing the President
had done he would gladly mention it. [A laugh.]
It gave him no pleasure to denounce his conduct,
none whatever.) But his own policy would be to
tender to Mexico a peace—a just peace, an honor-
able peace, a peace worthy of a great nation; a
peace which the friends of republican government
all over the world could hear of without blushing.
He would not make snch a peace as was sought
by tyrants—a peace by which they got all that
they possibly could. He would ask of Mexico all
that she owed us. He would insist upon the last
dollar, and, if she did not pay it, he would make
her. But gentlemen told him that diplomatic rules
would forbid his making a treaty in this way. Mr.
T. hoped the time would soon come when the very
word "diplomacy" would he heard of no more.
It was but synonymous with deceit and hypocri-
sy; and all diplomacy had long been nothing else
but a system of polite lying, of polished meanness,
and concealed ambition and avarice. Without all
doubt we could beat Mexico if we pleased. Not
that the Administration would find it half so easy
| a task as they had supposed; but still we could t
| beat her. We have but to put forth our strength, j
J and it is done. The Mexicans were a base, de- j
I graded people, ignorant and vicious, false and j
j treacherous, and cowardly. But, though they i
: were not brave, they were obstinate; they would
] stand a great deal of beating. He would bring
I them to terms, and compel them to treat, and to
; pay their debts; but he would not take an inch of
their territory. This was no new thought of his;
' no new devised doctrine, got up to suit a crisis.
! He had long held and avowed such a dctermma-
| tion. In his letter accepting the invitation of his
] political friends to become a candidate for a seat
I in the thirtieth Congress, he had declared himself
I openly as decidedly opposed to the policy ol the
I dismemberment and appropriation oi any part of
| the Mcxican territory. He was utterly opposed
; to taking any of lier territory. But that seemed
j to be the idea now entertained by all the triends of
; the Administration. They had said Mexico has
, no money: but there is the land, a broad and a fair
land; it is not half peopled, and the inhabitants are
semi-barbarians; therefore we will take it from
her, and make of it another New England on the
shores of the Pacific. Such was the language of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Grover.]
The Government seemed to be able to conceive of
no higher motive, they were guided by no nobler
feeling than this: "There is their land; it is fail",
and we are able to get it: therefore we will take it."
But, though Mr. T. would take no territory from
Mexico, he would demand of her and compel her,
now we are at war, to do us full justice for the
wrongs and'injuries she has inflicted upon us; but
he would do itm a liberal andgenerous spirit; especi-
ally would he protect her from that atrocious batch
of unsettled fraudulent claims which even an Ame-
rican Minister refused to demand, and which he
greatly feared had no inconsiderable influence in
getting up this war. He would demand nothing
out what was right, and he would compel payment
and satisfaction in the manner sanctioned by the
usages of civilized nations. He would not make
her debt to us an excuse for plundering her of her
territory.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House seemed
to consider it the settled policy of the Government,
and it is affirmed in the President's message, that
we shall have indemnity for the expenses of the
war. Even if this is to be the policy of this Gov-
ernment, which I utterly condemn, still the dis-
memberment of Mexico does not follow as a
necessary consequence after we shall have swelled
the amount by the last dollar that the most grinding
avarice and injustice can have the impudence to
demand; it is sull but a debt, and a debt which
Mexico could pay; but if she could not pay it, Mr.
T. would not blot from the map of nations a sister
republic, because she was too poor to pay her debts.
We were not exactly in the condition to exact hard
terms, to demand extreme penalties for the non-
payment of public debts. We have too many
defaulting sisters in our own Confederacy to de-
mand the "pound of flesh," even if it were justified
by the laws of nations—if it were "so nominated in
the bond." But if this Government is determined
to demand these expenses; if such be its policy,
st'll theie is no reason for seizing and appropriating
to ourselves her lands. Let the Government take
possession of her country, seize her ports, exercise
the most rigorous taxing powers, collect her reve-
nue, and satisfy the debts; hut let the Government
look to it. The civilized world will compare our
conduct towards feeble Mexico with that towards
strong and haughty England. He believed it
would be admitted that, on tfcie Oregon question,
we had shown quite a moderate and reasonable
spirit of compromise. Then we were quite willing
to listen to reason; but now it seemed to him we
had found somebody wc could whip, and we were
determined to take enough out of her. This might
be giving u aid and comfort" to Mexico for aught
he knew, but he could not help it, and he did not
care.
Mr. T. would present Mexico, before all the
world, fair, just, and honorable terms of peace. If
she refused to treat, then he would march fifty
thousand men into her territories; or, if that was
not enough, he would send one hundred thousand;
and let them proceed till they held every town,
every village, and hamlet, she possessed. If war
she would have, it should be such a war as became
a great nation, and it should be conducted m a spirit
worthy of a just, brave, and magnanimous racp.
Mexico was ignorant, visionary, pei'fidtous. We
can ha\e no assurance that she would even now
! accept such terms of peace. We must, then, fight
j for it. We must enforce a compliance with our
i| own just demands, and end this war speedily, at
ij once. Demands we had, and just ones. Nobody
!j had ever pretended, on Mr. T.'s side of the House,
>' that we had not leteived wlongs and outrages at
the hands of the Mexican Government. In pursu-
!' ing the policy he had marked out, the nation would
1 be acting on that fair and upright principle, to de-
ll mand nothing but its right, and take nothing more.
>! Such a policy would prevent and resist this infer-
i; nallustof dominion; and, by convincing the world
!' that we were governed by principles of equity and
'j fairness, would cause our institutions to become a
!; theme for the praise and admiration of the world,
ij But the Administration had many lessons to learn
;j in the art of pursuing noble ends by noble means,
j! It was not the spirit or the purpose of our Gov-
'' ernment to conquer other nations and bring them
