144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8.
hear, and let the world hear, all that we say and
all that we think on this subject, rather than our
rights of free discussion shall be thus wrenched
from us, and rather than the principles of our Con-
stitution and the spirit of our Government shall
thus be subverted and crushed.
Mr. Chairman, I can find no words strong
enough to express my utter reprobation and con-
demnation of this abhorrent doctrine. The doc-
trine that, whenever war exists, whether produced
by the acts of others or by our own act, the repre-
sentatives of the people are to resign all discretion
and discrimination as to the measures by which,
and tiie objects for which, it is to be carried on!
The doctrine that, in time of war, we are bound by
the obligations of patriotism to throw the reins on
the neck of Executive power, and let it prance and
plunge according to its own wild and ungoverned
impulses! 1 have heard befoie of standing by
one's country, right or wrong, and much as wc may
scorn such a sentiment as a general principle, there
is at least one sense m which no man is at liberty
to revolt at it. Asa maxim of defence, in time of
danger, its propriety cannot be disputed. But
whence came this doctrine that we are to stand by
the ExeciUive, right or wrong? From what soil of
Democracy has it sprung? in what part of our
republican history do you"find the germ from which
it has now so suddenly burst forth ?
Sir, the Democracy of other days is not without
a voice on this subject: a voice of warning, a voice
of rebuke, which i trust will not be heard in vain.
Everybody will remember a celebrated controver-
sy which occurred between Alexander Hamilton
and James Madison in the year 1793, on the sub-
* je£t of the Proclamation of Neutrality. But every
one is not familiar, perhaps, with the principles
brought under consideration m that masterly dis-
cussion. I beg leave to lefiesh the memories of
gentlemen with a few paragraphs from the papers
of James Madison on this occasion;
Every jiut view that can be taken ot' tins subject ad- ;
iiionishe* the public of the necessity ol a ligid adherence to :
the simple, the received, and the fundamental doctrine of
the Constitution, that the power to declare whi, including
ihe power ol judging of the causes of war, it. fully aiul ex-
clusively vested in Hie Legislature; that the Executive has
nu light, in any ea->o, to deeule the question whether theie
oi i-, ur,t cau<e tor declaring war ; that the right of con-
vening and informing Conqre^, whenever such a question
s>:ems to call for a decision, is all the right which the Con-
tetiUitiou has deemed teqtusite or proper; and that for Mich,
more than for an) other contingency, liu* right was spe-
cially given to the Executive.
a In no part of the Con-titution is more wisdom to be found
than m the clause which confides the question of war or peace
to the Legislatun , and not U> the K\ -cuiive depaitmcnt.
lieside-* t.ie objection to >-u<*h a mixture o! heteiogeneous
powers, the tru-^t arid the temptation would he too great !oi
any one man ; not Midi a? nature iniu oitei as ihe prodig\
of many con tunes, but ^u«*h as inav he expected in the ordi-
n uy successions or' magn-traey. War i.- m fact the line
liur.-e of Kxecutive aggrandizement. In war, a physical
force, is to be created ; and it )-> the Executive will w hit h is
to direct it. In war the public treasures arc to be unlocked;
and it is the Executive hand which is to dispense them- In
war, the honois and emoluments ot othce are to be multi-
plied; and iti- the Executive patronage under which they
are to be enjoyed. It is m win, finally, that lamels aie to
be gathered; and it is the Executive Ijiow they ate to en-
ciicle. The ation^est p.ismoii-, and mo.st dangeious weak-
ness of the human hre.isr—ambition, av.mee, vanity, the
honorable oi venial lover of fame—are aEJ in conspiracy
against the desire and duty of peace.
" Hence it has grown into an axiom, that the Executive is
the department of power mostdistmgui^hed by its propensity
to was ; hence it is the practice of all States, m propoition
as they'are free, to disarm tin-* piopetisity of its influence.
" As the best praise, then, that can he pronounced on nil
Executive magistrate n, that he is the fuend of peace—a
prai?-e tli.it uses in it value a- ihere may be a known capa-
city to shine m war—«o it must lie one of the most sacred
duties of a free peopled mark the first omen in the society
of principles that may stmmlafe the hopes of other magis-
tiat>3-> of another propeiiBitj, to intrude into questions on
which its gtauficaiion depends, [f a free people he a wise
people aNo, they will not foig t that the danger of surprise
can nevT be so great as when the advocates lor the prerog-
aiive of will can sheath it in a symbol of peace.
"The (Jonsiitution has manifested a similar prudence m
refusing to the Executive the sole power of making peace.
The tiust. in this instance, al-u, would be too gieat for the
wisdom, and the temptation too strong foi the vntue, of a
single citizen.''
And (here is another paragraph in one of the
same papers of infinitely more significant import:
" Those who are to conhict a war, cannot, in the nature
of things be ptoper or >ale .judges, whether a a drought to be
commenced, continued, or concluded. They are birred from
the lait^r function-- by a gieat principle m free government,
analogous to that which heparans the sword from the purne,
or the power of execunngfiom the power ot'enaetingkiws."
Much has been said, in the course of this debate,
Mr. Chairman, about the doctrines of old-fashioned
federalism. Now, here, sir, are the doctrines of
old-fasfiioned democracy, in the very language of
one of its ablest and most honored masters. And
how strangely do they contrast with the manifes-
toes of that modern brood, which boast tfiemselves
so vainglonously of their borrowed plumes! in
which one of these golden sentences of James Mad-
ison do you find any justification of the idea that
the Executive department of the Government is to
be implicitly trusted in time of war, and that the
vigilance of Congress is to suffer itself to be lulled
asleep by the insipid opiate of a President's mes-
sage ? What can be more emphatic than the dec-
laration, that "those who are to conduct a war,
< cannot, in the nature of things, be proper or safe
4 judges whether a war ought to be commenced, con-
(thiued, or concluded?" Who can read these para-
graphs without being deeply impressed with the
sentiment which pervades them, that if the true
spirit of democi ucy calls upon us ever to be jealous,
with an exceeding jealousy, of Executive power,
it is when that power lias been armed with the
fearful prerogative of war, and when, as now, that
prerogative is masked behind "asymbol of peace?"
If the democratic sensibilities of James Madison
were startled and shocked when George Washing-
ton, that " prodigy of many centuries," as he well
entitled him, thought fit to forestall the delibera-
tions of Congress by issuing a proclamation of
neutrality, what would he have said had he lived
to see a President, " such as may be expected in
the ordinary successions of magistracy," not mere-
ly involving the country in war by his own acts,
but proceeding to stigmatize as traitors all who
may think fit to inquire into the causes of the war,
or to judge for themselves whether it ought to be
continued or concluded?
But we have been told, Mr. Chairman, that
whoever else may undertake to cavil at the course
of the Administration in relation to this war, it
does not belong to those who voted for it to do
so. We were elegantly and courteously informed,
some days ago, that the man who voted for the
war, (meaning of course for the bill of May 13,)
and who now complains of the Executive, must be
little better than a knave.
Now, sir, I voted for the bill of May 13, and I
complain of the Executive; and 1 stand here to
vindicate the character and the consistency of those
to whom this foul epithet has been so flippantly
applied. And let mc say at once, that it is from
tiie very fact that I voted for that bill that I feel all
the greater right, and all the greater obligation, to
complain of the course of the Administration.
"What, sir, was the bill of May 13th? I deny
totally that a vote for that bill was, in any just
sense of the term, a vote for the war. It certainly
does not he in the mouth of the President or any
of lus friends to call it so. The President told us,
on the 11th day of May, that the war existed. It
existed, as he said, and as the preamble of the bill
repeated, " by the act of Mexico." It existed, as
many of us thought, who protested at the time
against the justice of the preamble, and have never
ceased protesting against it from that day to this,
by his own act. At any rate, the war existed, as
the President said, as the bill said, as I thought
then, and as I think still; for I have never doubted
for a moment that a state of things had at that time
been brought about, between this country and
Mexico, which called for a recognition, on both
sides, of the existence of a state of war.
"What, then, was the bill of May 13th? It was
a bill to give to the Executive the war power, to
meet an exigency of existing war, and for the pur-
! pose of enabling him to accomplish the great pur-
pose, which he so solemnly professed to have at
heart, of reestablishing an honorable peace. This,
sir, is what we on this side of the House voted
for.
Doubtless our action was in some degree influ-
enced by the condition of Gencr.il Taylor's army;
nor can I fail to protest against the assertion of an
honorable member, that we must have known that
the army would have extricated itself before the
succors authorized by the bill couid reach them.
We could not, by any possibility, have known
any such thing. It might have been regarded as
piobable that General Taylor would either have
been victoiious or have been vanquished before
that time. But not few nor feeble were the appre-
hensions that he might have been vanquished.
And if such a result had occurred; if our army had
been conquered, and the captives been marched off
to the mines, I leave it to others to take the respon-
sibility of saying that there would then have been
no occasion for men and money to rescue and re-
deem them.
The exigency, however, was not one for calcu-
lating chances,or speculating on probabilities. The
war existed; and I know of no mode of meeting an
existing-war but by a prompt exercise of the war
power. This is one of the cases to which the Irish
maxim may be well applied, that "The best way
to avoid a difficulty is to meet it plump." And so
far, while I entertain the most perfect respect for
those who differed from me, and freely admit that
the preamble of the bill furnished ample ground for
honest and patriotic disagreement, I have nothing
to regret in the vote which I gave for the substan-
tial provisions of that bill.
But now, sir, comes thejjuestion, suggested by
the remarks of more than one gentleman in this
debate. Because we have voted, six months ago,
under these circumstances, or under any other cir-
cumstances, to confer the war power upon the
President, are we therefore bound to acquiesce in
any and every measure for which he may see fit to
employ that power? Because, for these reasons,
or for "any reasons, we have entrusted that fearful
prerogative to the officer to whom the Constitution
assigns it when it is to be wielded at all, are we
therefore responsible for his whole exercise of it,
and absolutely estopped from complaining of any
perversion or abuse of it?
This is an extraordinary doctrine, indeed! Sup-
pose, sir, that the President had been found exer-
cising this power with tamencss or with downright
treachery; supposing he had suffered our armies
to be taken captive, and our strongholds to be
surrendered; suppose he had invited an invasion
of our undisputed national soil on this side of the
Nueces, or on this side of the Sabine; suppose he
had been discovered entering into traitorous agree-
ment with the enemy, and admitting their chosen
leader not merely into their own territory, but into
ours, should we have had no right of arraigning
him before the country? No man will put forth so
preposterous an idea. And if, on the other hand,
lie is found perverting the authority asked by him
and given to him as an instrument of peace to the
purposes of invasion and conquest, and embarking
the nation in a mad crusade of aggression and ag-
grandizement, is it not equally our right and our
bounden duty to call him to account? Is it not
especially the right, and preeminently the duty, of
those who have aided in giving him that power,
upon far other pretexts, and for far other objects,
to hold him to his responsibility?
Sir, I repeat, it is because the President holds this
tremendous instrument partly by my vote that I feel
constrained to examine well into his course, and to
demand of him, vainly perhaps, but audibly and
earnestly, to remember his pledges, and to pause
from the prosecution of a policy at total variance
with the original intentions of Congress, and with
all the institutions and interests of our country.
Mr. Chairman, in any remarks which I may see
fit to make, now or hereafter, in relation to the
existing war, I do not intend to justify the conduct
of Mexico. I do not deny, I never have denied,
that we have just cause of complaint against the
Mexican Government. Grossly exaggerated as I
regard many of the representations of the Presi-
dent, and of his supporters on this floor, in rela-
tion to the claims of our citizens for spoliations
upon our commerce, I yet freely admit that Mexi-
co has been much at fault in all this matter. Nor
am I disposed to deny that she has been at fault
in many other matters of more recent occurrence.
She was wrong in not acknowledging the inde-
pendence of Texas -many years ago. She was
wiong, when she at last proposed to make that
acknowledgment", in affixing to it a condition which
could do her no manner of good, and which was
sure to be construed into an offence to others. She
was wrong in breaking off so abruptly all diplo-
matic intercourse with the United States when the
act of annexation had passed the two Houses of
Congress. She was wrong in not receiving Mr.
Slidell agreeably to the understanding between the
two Governments, as I conceive, when he was sent
on a mission of peace more than a year a«o. She
was wrong in not returning a more conciliatory
reply to the renewed overtures of the Administra-
tion in July last. And she will again ha^k been
wrong if she shall have persisted, (as I fear,) on
the assembling of her new Congress, in a final and
unqualified rejection of all proffers of negotiation.
