THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session,
I do not say that any or all of these acts have fur- ;
mshed the Administration with reasonable grounds j
for making war upon her. Far from it. Nor can j
I say that I am altogether astonished that Mexico j
has pursued such a course. No man can wonder
that the Mexican blood should have been roused I
by the policy which has been manifested by some !
portions of the American people. She has had I
quite too much reason for apprehending- that there |
was a settled purpose in this country of ultimately |
despoiling her of some of her most valuable do- |
mains. And unless we can discover some ethereal i
vapor, like that recently invented for preventing i
the pain of surgical operations, and which will ren- j
der nations, as well as individuals, insensible to i
their own dismemberment, we could hardly expect ;
her to be entirely cool in the contemplation of such ,
a process. [
* Still, I hold her to have been wrong. Her pride ;
has outrun her prudence; her blood has got the
better of her judgment; and she has done much to
bring upon herself the worst evils she has appre- ■
hended, by a precipitate and passionate attempt to i
prevent them. Sir, I am not one of those who ,
would be understood to say to Mexico, that, if I j
were a Mexican, as I am an American, I would 1
not lay down my arms while an American soldier '
was on the soil of my country. Glad as I should ,
be to see every American -soldier withdrawn from I
her soii—sincere as I am in believing that our own ■
Administration could not adopt a wiser or more |
honorable course—strong as I am in the hope, that j
if, through mutual suggestions to a third Power, or 1
in any other way, it could be clearly understood |
that, in such an event, satisfactory terms of accom- j
rnodation could he agreed upon, the Administration :
would not hesitate, as it ought not to hesitate, to
make the movement—I still cannot counsel Mexico :
to insist on such a preliminary.
No, fiii; if I had a voice winch I believed would
rcach beyond the little circle of this Hall; if it were
possible for me to do what an honorable member ;
from Georgia—unintentionally, I am sure—was !
disposed to charge upon some of us a few days
ago, circulate a speech among the enemy; if I could ,
reach the ear of the Mexican rulers or the Mexican
people, or could address a word to that intelligent
and accomplished gentlennn who was known to
ns all so favorably little more than a year ago—
General Almonte—and who seems now to be about
to assume the very lead in the conduct of ins coun- :
try's ciffaiis, I would say to him, I would say to i
them, as one who has been uniformly opposed to the |
annexation of Texas; as one who at this moment
desires no peace but such as shall be honorable to ;
both countries, to Mexico as well as to the United j
States; as one who does not desire to see mie acre ■
of territory taken from Mexico as the result of i
this war—1 would say to them and to him, "Aban-
don something of this haughty spirit; abate some-
thing of this false pude, which is hurrying you
to your rum; reconsider, renounce these resolu-
tions of unyielding defiance which you seem rashly
to have adopted; and proclaim, without farther
delay, some terms upon which you are ready to
meet the Government of the United States for an
amicable settlement of nil matters in dispute." 1
would say to them that they had done enough to
exhibit their courage and to signalize their chivalnc
sensibility to the national honor. I would tell
them that Palo Alto, and the Resaca de la Palma,
and the heights of Monterey, had already placed
their reputation for spirit and valor quite above the
fortunes of the day. I would tell them, too, that
they had nothing,"nothing to expect from any dif-
ferences of opinion oi dissensions uf pai ties here;
that, however anxious some of us might be to put
an end to the war, and however earnest wc might
be m rebuking the measures by which it was com-
menced, and in condemning any unnecessary pros-
ecution of it, there was yet no party and no peison
m the country from whom they could expect either
" aid or comfort;" and that ail such imputations,
whether coming from the White House or from
any other quarter, were as baseless as they were
base. I would tell them, on the contrary, that, in
my judgment, and in the opinion of all parties, it
10
MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1847.
would be the truest policy and the highest honor
of Mexico to specify some terms, at the earliest
moment, on which she would meet the United
States for the purpose of an amicable arrangement.
This, Mr. Chairman, would be my speech to
Mexico; and if there be anything treasonable in it,
I submit myself to all the pains and penalties of
the third article.
But, wliilo these arc the views which I entertain
sincerely and strongly in relation to the Mexican
side of this question, do 1 therefore justify the war
upon our side ? Because Mexico has not acted m
many particulars aecoiding to my ideas of right
and juslice, am I therefore for pressing her to the
wall with fire and sword? Because she obstinate- ;
ly resists all overtures for negotiation, must I |
therefore sanction the policy ot the Administration
in overrunning her temtory and seizing her do-
minions' No such tiling. I utteily condemn the
manner in which the war was commenced, and
the spirit in which it seems now about to be prose-
cuted, and I shall ne^er hesitate to say so.
As to the origin of the war, 1 shall say but a few
words. It should never be forgotten, that its pri-
mary cause was the annexation of Texas—a
measure pressed upon the country, by its peculiar
advocates, with the view of strengthening, extend-
ing, and perpetuating the institution of domestic
slavery.
Sir, I cherish no feelings of ill will towards
Texas. Now that she is a member of our Union,
I would speak of her in the terms which belong to
j the intercourse of sister States. But I cannot fail
to speak plainly in regard to the unconstitutional
act of her annexation, and the disastrous conse-
quences which have thus tarattended it. Who for-
gets the glowing terms m which the addition of that
lone Stai' to our Ameiican constellation was herald-
; ed ? llow much ot prosperity and of peace, of pro-
tection to our labor, and ot defence to our land, was
augured from it? Who now can reflect on _its
j consequences as already developed; who can think
' of the deep wound which, in the judgment of
| many, it has inflicted on our Constitution; of the
i alienations and heart-burnings which it has pro-
! fluced among different members of the Union; of
j the fearful lookmgs for of disunion which it has
I excited; of the treasure it has cost, and the precious
j lives it has wasted, m the war now in progress; of
the poison it has, in so many ways, mingled with
! the previously healthful current of our national
j career,—without being reminded of another lone
I star, which "fell fiom Heaven, burning as it were
j ' a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the
1 rivers, and upon the fountains of waters, and the
; ' name of the star is called wormwood, and the
' third part of the waters became wormwood, and
i' many men died of the waters, because they were
'bitter?"
■ The more immediate cause of the war was the
Executive mode of consunmiatini? this measure of
annexation. Withoutentenngat all into the ques-
tion of the rightful boundaries of Texas, this is
' certain, that Congress, m the very resolution of
annexation,recognised thcfai t of adisputed Ijound-
: aiy, and dcclaied that it should be settled by
negotiation. The President so interpreted the
resolution, and proceeded to proffer negotiation.
I give him all due credit for that. Rut when he
found that resort likely to fail, instead of coming
to Congress for new advice and new instructions,
as he ought to have done, as James Madison would
■ have done, in conformity with those views of his
which I have already cited, Mr. Polk determined,
on his own responsibility, to resort to tne sword,^
! and marched his armies to the outniost veige ot
Texan pretensions. And no man can deny that
this unwarrantable act of the Executive gave imme-
i uiate occasion and origin to the war with Mexico,
i But, without another word as to its ori m, 1 turn
' to a consideration of its progress and prosecution:
! and would ikat we all, of all parties, and I \\ ill add
! of both countries, instead of contenting ourselves
! with mutual criminations as to wlio began the wai,
! i could enter heartily into the far nobler competition,
il who should be the first, and who do the most, in
II bringing it to a close.
New Series No. 10.
For what end is the vigorous prosecution of this
war now proposed? For what purpose are we
now called upon to give the Executive these terr
new regiments of regular troops? X will do the
President the justice to take his own answer to
these questions. I quote two paragraphs from his
late annual message, which admit of no misinter-
pretation:
" The war has not bnen waged with a xfpw to conquest >
but, haying hren commenced by Mexico,it ha* been carried
: into the enemy1* <Mmr.trv, and will vigorously prosecuted
there, with a view to obtain ail fionoi a We peace, and thereby
secure ample indemnity for the expenses of the wai,as well
as to our much nijmed citizens, who hold large pecuniary
demands against Me.vico."—Message, p. 22.
"Among our ju?t rnm-es of complaint against Mexico,
attains* out of her tefu^al to treat for peace, as well before
as since il.e w.n so unjustly commenced on her part, are the
extiaor;lniaiy expenditures m which we have heeq, involved.
Ju-tice to our own p,-opK> will make it pioper that Mexico
should be held le&posifciblo for these expenditures."—lb. p.
25.
The object of the war is thus described to be
" an honorable peace." I go heartily fo^that. I
am ready to vote any supplies which am really
contribute to such a result. But now comes the
President's definition of this honorablepeace: u and'
' thereby to secure ample indemnity for the ex-
4 penses of the war, as well as to our ranch injur-
' ed citizens, who hold large pecuniary claims
4 against Mexico."
This, then, is the authentic account of the ob-
jects with which this war is to be prosecuted; rtot
to settle the boundaries of Texas; not to defend
anything- which by the largest construction can be
called our country; not even " to conquer a peace"
in the Pimple sense of that phrase; but to secure
indemnity for the claims of our citizens, and for
the expenses of the war.
Now, sir, to such a war, prosecuted in this
spirit and for these ends, I am utterly opposed. I
maintain, in the first place, that it is not the war
which Congress ever intended should be prose-
cuted, or to which it has ever yet given its sanc-
tion. I lenow not how far party discipline may go
in bringing up majorities of the two branches to
sustain such a policy; but I hazard nothing in say-
ing that had it been disclosed at the outset, it would
have met with no sanction in any quarter. Why,
sir, does any one for a moment believe that if
Mexico had refrained from all hostile opposition'
to the annexation of Texas, and had given even
the assent of a dogged silence to our extending our
jurisdiction over that territory, we should have ever
heard of these claims as the ground of war? The
President would not have ventuied his character
upon such a sugi;e.siiou, and Congress would have
scorned it had it been made to them.
But I maintain, m the second place, that such a
policy is unworthy of the land and of the age in
which wc live. Is this a day, is this a country, in
which war, for the mere purpose of recovering*
money from a nation unable to pay it, is to be tol-
erated ? I do not underrate the importance of secu-
ring to our citizens a just indemnity for injuries com-
mitted upon them in any quarter; and wherever
there is the ability to make that indemnity, it
oui;lit to be exacted, sometimes, peihaps, even to
the" extent offence. And wheic it is cxactod, and
wheie it is secured, the Government ought to pay
it o\er to those to whom it belongs, as M r. Polk
has refused to do in the case of the French spolia-
tions prior to 1800. But a war for extorting pay-
ment from a poor debtor! "Why, sir, the day has
gone by when we endure the practice of coercing
i individuals who are unable to meet their obliga-
j tjons. The imprisonment of poor debtors is rapid-
' ly disappearing from the refined codes of civihzcd
! society. Thc'"abolition of that system is among
the highest triumphs of modern civilization. But
: this policy of the Administration would seem to
■ carry us back td the barbarous provisions of die
! laws of the Twelve Tablesof anetentRome, which,
■ according to some constructions, allowed the credit-
' ors to dismember their debtors, and distribute
1 among themselves the severed limbs and mutilated
i 11 Yes, Mr. Chairman, the dismemberment of Mex-
1 ico for' debts which she cannot pay, is the humane
' and Christian policy pioposed to us by the Execn-
