1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14T
Bat the £reat objection to the bill is the policy
which it discloses. In proposing this measure and
that of the lieutenant general, the Administration
virtually call upon Congress to sanction the ultra
and extravagant policy which they have recently
adopted in regard to this war. I say recently
adopted, for it is plain that a new spirit has come
over the dream of the Executive on this subject.
On the 11th of November last, the Secretary of
War addressed a letter, which is iu print, to a gen-
tleman in Kentucky, in which he said: " It is pro-
4 per, however, lo say that the amount of force already
4 in service is deemed sufficient for the prosecution of
' the war.9'
On the 16th do y of the same November he issued
a requisition for ten new regiments of volunteers,
to serve during the war. What occurred during
these five days to change the whole policy of the
Administration has never been disclosed; but it is
plain that a marvellous change was wrought. And
pursuance of it these ten new regiments of regu-
lars are now called for. This new policy can be
nothing less than one of invasion and conquest. I
The report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs \
in June last said: li Texas, and indemnity for |
6 wrongs confessed by several treaties, coasts and i
* borders in tranquil possession, without transat- |
1 lantic interference, are all we insist upon. It will !
* be Mexican infatuation, should the contest become j
* one of races, of borders, of conquest, and of temto- |
1 rial extension
Mexican infatuation, I presume, is at length suf-
ficiently manifested, and this contest of races, bor-
ders, conquest, and territorial extension, is to be
commenced. And this contest Congress is now
called upon to sanction. If it be not so, the President
can inform us. If this be the policy, I am entirely
opposed to it, and feel bound to express that oppo-
- sition in the most unequivocal terms.
Mr. TIBBATTS then obtained the floor, and
thus addressed the committee: He said that from
the complex character which the debate had as-
sumed, he hardly expected to be able to take part
in it now in a manner creditable or satisfactory to
himself or to the subjects at issue. Indeed the one
hour rule precluded the possibility of considering
almost any subject in a manner deserving atten-
tion. He had listened with a great deal of atten-
tion to many of the speeches which had been de-
livered during the present session of Congress, and
some of them he had regarded as exhibiting very
bad taste on both sides of the House, and were
hardly proper to be delivered m the representative
assembly of a great nation. He had also witness-
ed with great regret the introduction of the question
of slavery, which was entirely out of place in the
discussion of a bill like that now before the House,
and peculiarly improper at that time. It was how-
ever necessary that he should allude to some of the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Grover,] who had accused the members from the
slave States with having abandoned the compro-
mise made on the Missouri question on some vote
given on an Oregon bill. If the gentleman from
New York had undei stood the facts in relation to
that matter, and the feelings of the representatives
from the South on that floor, he would have seen
that his charge was an unjust one; and was a most
insidious attempt to deceive the people of the North.
The fact that certain members from the South on jl
that occasion voted for the amendment proposed, ||
was no evidence that the members on that floor ;j
from the South were opposed to, or intended to li
abandon the Missouri compromise. On the con- !j
trary, every act in that Congress on the part of the .j
members from the South, when that question came :|
under consideration, showed that they stood up by ji
the compromise; and for the purpose of disabusing !
the public mind on that subject, he would refer to j
one or two facts connected with the admission of 1
Texas. There were three propositions introduced ''
by members from skve States on that subject— |j
one by his colleague on the left—one by the gen- ||
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. M.,Brown,] and one |
by himself In all these propositions this com- !!
promise was looked to particularly, and especially ;
provided for. In the proposition offered by him-
self, there was this provision: j
"Sec.2. Jlnd be it further enaclcd. That in all that portion I
of the territory which ties north of thuty s>ix degrees and |
thirty minutes north latitude, slavery and mvoluntaiy servi- j
tude (otherwise than in thv  punishment of er;mes, whereof (
the parties shall have been duly convicted) shall be, and is 1
hereby, forevei prohibited.5'
In the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee there was this provision: "And such States
' as may be formed out of that portion of said ter-
ritory lying south of thirty-six degrees thirty
' minutes north latitude, commonly known as the
' Missouri compromise line, shall be admitted into
' the Union, with or without slavery, as the people
' of each State asking admission, may desire*," and
the same provision was contained in the proposi-
tion offered by his colleague, which finally passed
the House, and to that all the southern members,
who voted in favor of the annexation, gave their
assent. He knew very well that the Missouri
compromise provided only for the territory ceded
by France, but gentlemen must abide by the spirit
of the compromise. As was remarked by the gen-
tleman frQpi Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] to-day. the
North, in agreeing to the compromise, yielded '
nothing, because it was the clear right of the peo- i
pie of the southern States to settle any part of the I
territory of the country acquired by the common '
blood and treasure. It was then a yielding of a ;
clear and constitutional right on the part of the :
southern States, and there was no concession on i
the part of the North. He entirely denied the
allegation of the gentleman from New Yoik, that
the insertion of a proviso, that slavery was to be i
prohibited, was no interference with the lights of i
the South. It was a direct interference with their !,
constitutional right to share equally with their
northern brethren in any territory that might be I
acquired by the Government, by the common !
blood and treasure, as he had already said, of
all parties. The chargc that southern members !
on that floor desired to evade the compromise, j
was most unjust. Not one, so far as he knew, !
had the slightest inclination to do so. j
It was not, he supposed, at all necessary for him j
to repel the charge of subserviency to the Execu- J
tive, as that was one not likely to be urged against j
him, from the fact that he was well known to have, '
on more than one occasion, followed the dictates
of his own judgment in opposition to the declared !
will of the Executive. His position on the river i
and harbor bill would, lie apprehended, relieve lam ■
of the necessity of vindicating his independence of 1
anything like o servile adherence to the Executive. ,
That position, he would take occasion to say, he |
intended to maintain. lie designed to press the !
claims of the western people, until pressing them !
was found to be altogether in vain. Again, in re- ]
lation to the tax upon tea and coffee, he had op-
posed the recommendation of the Secretary of the 1
Treasury. Whether he had also, in that, opposed i
the wishes of the Executive, he did not know, as ,
the views of the Executive on the subject had not j
been promulged. But if the Executive had recom- ,
mended that tax, it would not have altered his (Mr. |
T.'s) opinion on the subject; because he regarded
such a tax as unjust. It was a tax on the laboring
classes. It imposed a burden on the poor. And ;
the gentleman from Georgia should have paused
before he passed such a sweeping censure on the ;
bulk of his own party, as to twit that side of the j
House for not imposing such a tax. Then, again, \
as to the appointment of a lieutenant general, it
was not necessary that he should say much, as he
supposed the question was settled.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSOJN was here understood
to say that the honorable gentleman was mistaken
in supposing that question to be settled.
Mr. TIBBATTS would ask the gentleman the
reason for his entertaining the opinion that such
an officer was necessary.
Mr. THOMPSON would gladly do so, if the
gentleman yielded the floor.
Mr. TIBBATTS feared that the gentleman '
would occupy too much time in the effort. He
(Mr. T.) saw no reason for the appointment of a
lieutenant general, exccpt that the relationship be-
tween General Scott and General Taylor might be
of such a delicate nature as to require some in-
terposition. If so, why was General Scott sent to
Mexico at all? Was General Taylor incompe-
tent to conduct the war ? Why, he had won every
battle in which he had engaged. Were they now :
to regard the victories in Texas and at Monterey
as affording no evidence of generalship? He
(Mr. T.) then proceeded to say, that, in his judg-
ment, the introduction of the question of slavery
rendered it necessary to terminate the war at once.
To that he meant to come presently; and, if that
were the policy, a lieutenant general would be
rendered wholly unnecessary. Notwithstanding
1 all the vao-ue assertions and loud clamor of the
Opposition, facts showed indisputably that the
charge against the Executive with regard to the
commencement of the war, was entirely ground-
less. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wintiirop] had said that Congress alone had the
power to declare war. Well, where was the man
that ever contended that that power rested in any
other quarter ? Had the President ever contro-
verted that doctrine ? So far as there had been a
declaration of war, had it not been made by Con-
gress ? But would the gentleman from Massachu-
setts produce any authority from Mr. Madison, or
any other man, .Whig or Democrat, to the effect
that the President had not the power to carry on
defensive war when the territory of the country
was invaded? There was the question. There
the President had acted clearly in accordance with
his constitutional power and right. When Texas
was about to be invaded, he did his duty in de-
fending the boundary as claimed by her. What
right had he then to say to Texas, " Defend your
boundary?" Congress had reserved to itself the
light to settle the question of boundary, and if
the President, as its executive officer, had not de-
fended the line as claimed by Texas, he would
ha\e been shamefully recreant to his duty. Could
any man deceive the American people into the be-
lief that the Mexicans had collected their forces
and munitions of war at Matamoros for the mere
purpose of invading and occupying the territory
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande? No. It
was quite clear that the design of Mexico was to
I reconquer the territory to the Sabine. It was,
I then, a defensive war; and the question, "Who
commenced the war?" was not to be addressed to
the President of the United States. Congress was
to answer that question. If the war was unjust,
let not gentlemen imagine that they could clear
their skirts of the responsibility. So long as Con-
gress gave supplies, the President was bound to go
on in the prosecution of the war, conquering every
hamlet, village, town, and city, in Mexico—ay,
even e\ery hut, till Mexico were compelled to sue
for peace." He was bound to go on—
   even until
Th<- sjnto- or mercy shall be all shut up,
And the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart,
In liberty of bloody hand, i-lfall range
With conscience wide as hell; mowing, like crass,
Their fresh, fair virgins, and flnwermg infants  
If even to these awful lengths the war proceeded,
the blood was on their hands, not on the hands of
the President. How long, then, was the war to
continue? How long did gentlemen on that floor
intend to order the President to prosecute the war?
If it was to go on, he (Mr. T.) was in favor of
prosecuting it with the utmost vigor. But how
was it to be terminated ? That was a question of
great antt obvious importance. It was the ques-
tion which lie had presented to the House in the
resolution which he had the honor to offer the
other day. As to abandoning the country, he
looked upon that as entirely out of the question.
He would be opposed to any termination of the
war that would not secure to their citizens the pay-
ment of their indemnities and indemnification for
the expense of the war. They were then to make
war in one or other of the two modes, either by
invading Mexico by Vera Cruz and marching to
the halls of the Montezurnas, or by retaining pos-
session of what they had already acquired by gar-
risoning it with their troops. In either case men
were needed, and they could not expect to do it
with a handful of men. Nine or ten regiments of
infantry and dragoons of the regular service, and
the same number of volunteer regiments, could not
do it. The people of Mexico were not to be sup-
posed void of patriotism. They were eight millions
of people fighting for their country, their homes,
their religion, and liberties, and they would resist
to the last gasp. An adequate force was therefore
needed. As to the description of force, he (Mr.
T.) was billing to coincide with the President.
On him was the responsibility, under Congress,
of prosecuting the war, and it was but just that he
should have "the sort of materials which he him-
self desired. On this point it would be therefore,
seen, that he differed with some of his friends on
that side of the House, who wished the troops to
be all volunteers, and who desired to take out
of the hands of the President the appointment of
the officers—some iifty in all. V/"ell, he (J/Ir. T.)
was not afraid to intrust in the hands of the Presi-
i 0f the United States the appointment of some
i fifty officers of the army. And, indeed, lie was
