154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
to shield him, and throw the blame upon the Presi-
dent. If they persisted in doing so, let them rest
assured that the country would set the matter right.
He concurred, then, with his honorable friend from
Georgia, that this war had been prosecuted ineffi-
ciently, and that it was the fault of the general in
charge that he was not at Monterey at least eight
weeks sooner, and that lie had not prosecuted the
war with more vigor.
Mr. F. had said, that the Whig party was di-
vided into three separate classes. He desired now
to say that he believed that-the war would be prose-
cuted by the joint vote of both parties, because the
responsibility would not be taken by the Whig
paity of voting against supplies; for, as had been
well said by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Long,] Mr. Webster, who voted against the sup-
plies in the war of 1812, had, by that act, brought
a mildew—an odium—upon him fiom the people,
from which he had never since been able to rise.
While Mr. Clay had been piesented to the people
three times for the Presidency, and had been a veiy
popular man m every respect with his party, Mr.
Webster had been kept down, and had never been
presented as a candidate for that high office. Mr.
Clay advocated the war of 1812; Mr. Webster
opposed it. Mr. Clay was a fearless adviser
of the present war with Mexico ; Mr. Webster
opposed it. The friends of the one would rally
around the standard -which had been thus nobly
erected by the one, and sustain it upon that floor;
those who had been the warmest friends and sup-
porters of the other, were now beginning to desert
him. As authority for this allusion to Mr. Clay,
he quoted the following passage from his remarks
at the late dinner at New Orleans:
"I have been sent to the retirement of private life, in
which I aequtcsce with plon^uio, us it gives mo an oppor-
tunity ot' recruiting niy health, and for my own personal
improvement. But, although leading a life ot letirement, I
am not altogether unobservant of the ptococ-dmgs relating
to the condition, welfare, and prospects of our count!y; and
when I ?avv around me, to-m<rht, General Brook and otiiei
old friends, I felt half inclined to ask for some little nook or
corner in the army, in wlncn I might &erv« in avenging the
wrongs of my country. [Applause.] I have thought that I
miuht yet be able to capuue or to slay a Mexican. [Ap-
plaud.] I shall not be able to do so, however, this year;
but hope that ^ui.cea.s> will s-till eiown our gallant arms, and
the war terminate in an honoiable peace."
Mr. SCHENCK desired to know whether that
speech was introduced early or late at the dinner.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FICKLIN said he should not attempt to de-
cide a question involving the subject of temperance.
[Renewed laughter.] He had no doubt (he con-
tinued) that the war would be sustained by the
friends of Mr. Clay thioughout the Union. He
believed there was an adequate cause for the war,
and should not, therefore, undertake to repeat what
had been said on that point. In regard to the con-
tinuance of the war, all the clamors and threats of
New England would not deter them from a vigor-
ous prosecution of it to a speedy and honorable
termination. All the opposition which New Eng-
land could marshal against them was but as the
evening breezes compared with the tornado of hos-
tility which was raised against the war of 1812.
Indeed, lie could refer the House to extracts before
him from sermons delivered from the pulpits of
Massachusetts, and the editorial remarks of va-
rious newspapers of that State, published during
the war of 1812, and denunciatory of that war, and
even suggesting and using means to paralyze the
Government in the prosecution of that war.
Mr. F. here quoted a passage from the " Olive
Branch," stating that "the war [of 1812] was
4 founded in falsehood, declared without necessity,
4 and that its real object was extent of territory by
* unjust conquests, and to aid the late tyrant of
' Europe in his view of aggrandizement," together
with various other passages from the same work
of a similar tenor, and argued that there were then,
as now, a class of persons who were so tender-
hearted as to oppose the Government in the prose-
cution of the war, and thus afford " aid and com-
fort to the enemy."
Mr. P. concluded with a few remarks on the bill
under consideration, and opposed it on the ground
that it was not practicable; that its provisions
could not be fully carried out within less than two
years; and that a standing army would be entailed
upon them, which he could never agree to. They
had already three times too many officers; he
would by no means, then, have General Scott create
a new swarm of them.
The question of slavery he would leave to those
who should settle upon the newly-acquired territo-
ries, or to the consideration of the Government at :
some future day, if those territories should ever ;
desire to come into the Union.
Mr. HARALSON, (chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs,) then addressed the committee
at length, m support of the bill. [Mr. H.'s speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON next obtained the
floor. He said:
Mr. Chairman: Having struggled for three days
for the floor, and having failed in every effort, on
yesterday I gave up all hope of success, and this
morning left at my room the notes which I had
prepared to direct me in the course of my remarks;
but having* been induced by my friends to make
another effort, and having unexpectedly succeeded
m obtaining so great a boon as the occupancy of
the floor, I shall proceed directly, in the limited
time allowed me, to the discussion of the questions
raised by this bill. Those who have preceded me
have covered, with more ability than I possess,
much of the ground which I had intended to occupy;
but the field is so wide, and the range of discus-
sion so comprehensive, that I may be pardoned,
even at this late period of debate, for trespassing
upon the patience of the House.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, who reported this bill, has informed the
House that it was drawn up and introduced in
conformity with the urgent recommendations both
of the President and Secretary of War. Pie in-
forms us, also, that in pursuance of the authority
conferred upon the President by the act of last
session to call for and accept the services of fifty
thousand volunteers, that about thirty-three thou-
sand had been called for; and that, by virtue of
that law, he can still call for seventeen thousand
volunteers; and admits, that so far as volunteers
are concerned, theie is no necessity for this act.
And the question propounded is, Shall we increase
the regular establishment by the addition of ten
regiments, whose term of service shall continue j
duiing the war with Mexico and no longer ? j
It is well known to those who have done me the :
honor to observe my course since I have occupied
a seat in this House, that no member has been
more decisive in his opposition to a large standing
army m a time of peace, and in his preference for
the volunteer, service than myself. I hope the day
will never come when the freemen of this repub-
lic should feel that the question of peace or war
is a mere question whether our army shall or shall
not be actively employed; that the day will never
come when any freeman who en joys the protection
of our Constitution and laws, shall feel himself ex-
empted from those personal sacrifices which the
honor, the rights, and the integrity of the institu-
tions of that countiy may demand. But in a time
of war the case is altered altogether, and these max-
ims have no application. Now, we are told that the
ten regiments proposed, whose services are to con-
tinue during the war, can be more speedily raised
and brought into the field, and that too, with
greater economy to the Government, by making
them a part of the military establishment and at-
taching them to the regular service, than so many
regiments of volunteers. If this be true, and I
cannot doubt it, inasmuch as we have the assu-
rance of all the executive officers of Government
to this effect, what objection can we have to the
passage of the bill ? If we are to carry on this
war, the greater the promptness and efficiency
of the President and our generals, the more
each friend of the war will be pleased; and with
this view, I shall give my hearty support to the
measure.
The only objection against it has been made
with much plausibility by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Rathbun,] in the patronage con-
ferred by it upon the President in the appointment
of the officers. And to obviate this difficulty, he
proposes an amendment, that the officers of each
regiment shall be elected accouling to the laws of
each State in which the regiments may be raised.
I admit my predilection for this mode of selecting
officers. I cannot and will not doubt the capacity
of the citizen-soldier to select his own officers to
lead him to battle: and during the last session,
when we passed the law to authorize the Presi-
dent to raise fifty thousand volunteers, I voted for
the provision similar to the one now proposed.
True it is, I entertained doubts then as to its con-
|j stitutionality; but in that hcsitancy, I leaned to
I, the extension and maintenance of the liberty and
!' privilege of the citizen; I regarded the volunteers
!; as militia, and as such gave them the right of ap-
11 pointing their own officers. Under that act, the
construction is, that the President cannot accept
directly the services of companies, battalions, or
regiments, as they may be tendered, but he is con-
strained first to make a demand upon the Execu-
tives of the several States. This requires time
and causes much delay and expense. If we in-
tend to raise these troops directly, and authorize
their acceptance by the President, we have no op-
tion regarding them, either as volunteers or of the
regular army. The Constitution stands directly
in our way, and blocks up our path. Article 2
section 2, the latter part of the second clause is
in these words:
''And he [the President] shall nominate, and, hvand with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint ambas-
sador, other public ministers, and consuls, mdues of the
Supreme Court, and all ofhei offieeis of the United States
whose appointments are not heietn provided lor and
which shall be established by law. But Congress may by
law, vest the appointment of siah interior officers as "they
think proper, in rhp President alone, in the courts of law
or in the heads of departments." '
This clause, without an argument, appears to
me conclusive. And while I do not, as a friend
of the Administration, desire to confer this patron-
age upon him, knowing full well that it cannot
be exercised without prejudice to his popularity,
yet I feel constrained by the Constitution which I
have sworn to support, to do so, and I have no
fear of its improper exercise.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL here remarked, that
there were half a dozen gallant and spirited young
men of Pennsylvania ready, on the passage of this
bill, as reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, to offer themselves, body and soul, in the
service of their country; and he doubted not that
the President would commission them.
Mr. T. resumed. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has said more aptly and eloquently than
I could possibly do, what I yet intended to say.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL added that the young
men were ready to bear their own expenses to
Tampico.
^ Mr. T. resumed. Truly the Keystone is a glo-
rious old Commonwealth. Did I not consider it
somewhat disrespectful to a coordinate branch of
the Government, I would willingly insert, as the
sense of the House, that when a company, battalion,
or regiment, should offer themselves for the public
service, having elected their own officers, the Presi-
dent should ratify the selections. Indeed, I have no
uoubt that he will pursue this line of conduct. A
friend of mine, of this House, has this very morn-
ing informed me, that such is his predetermina-
tion m the event of the passage of the bill; and 1
invoke all the friends of the war to sink all minor
differences, prejudices, and personal feelings, and
to look only to the successful prosecution of the
war, with a view to secure its early and glorious
termination.
This debate, Mr. Chairman, presents tbe Ameri-
can Congress in a strange light before the country,
and before the world. Nearly eight months ago,
this same Congress, composed of the same gentle-
men who now sit within the range of my voice,
declared, with a most remarkable and astonishing
unanimity, that, " by the act of the republic of
4 Mexico, a state of war existed between that
' Government and the United States," and autho-
rized the raising of fifty thousand volunteers for
the prosecution of the war. And now, on a bill
which looks to the further and more vigorous pro-
secution of the war, when we have it from well-
authenticated sources, that the public enemy is
embodied in a force from thirty to forty thousand
strong, and bids defiance to our arms, we are
; gravely debating the causes of the war, endeavor-
: ing to make it appear that our own Government is
| wrong, and that the enemy is in the right, indul-
I ging in criminations and recriminations, abusing
. the President in the coarsest and most vulgar terms,
: asserting in the most positive and decisive manner
what shall and what shall not be done with the
| spoils of victory. This picture is so revolting that
it will cause the cheek of the patriot to mantle with
shame, as he beholds it. It is too late now to de-
liberate how all this could have been otherwise,
and much mischief and difficulty avoided. No-
body contends that the President can declare w .r,
or that he has declared war. But we all know
