1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
that Congress has the power to declare war, and
that it has exercised that power; and it behooves
every man to accommodate himself to the condi-
tion in which he finds his country placed. Gen-
tlemen say that the President involved this coun-
try in war with Mexico, by ordering oar troops to
take their position upon the banks of the Rio
Grande. Mexico asserts, that this war was brought
about by ordering1 our army into the territory of
Texas, and I have no doubt that Mexico assigns
the true cause. But these gentlemen and Mexico
both agree in their conclusion, that the President
is wrong. The reasoning of Mexico is unjust
and groundless, because the occupation of Texas
by our arms m virtue of annexation, brought about
by the consent of a free and independent people,
furnished that Government with no just cause of
war; and with all respect for a difference of opin-
ion, I do consider the argument based upon the
last order to General Taylor to take a position with
his army somewhere upon or near the banks of
the Rio Grande, when a similar order had been
given in the summer of the preceding year,as mere
technical pettifogging, and so I verily believe the
country will regard it.
A sentiment of familiar quotation in these days
is one expressed long since by a gallant officer of
our navy, (Commodore Decatur,) and well be-
came the man who uttered it: " Our country, may
she be always right; but, right or wrong, our
country." The feeling here expressed is the em-
anation of patriotism in the mouth of the soldier at
all times, but with the representative only in refer-
ence to the past, in relation to that which belongs
to history; but looking to the future, it becomes
his duty, forgetting the past, .so to give his voice
that the ship of state may be directed into the
right course, and that our country may be entirely
right. I have no faith in that code of morals which
requires us to persist in wrongdoing with the
hope that good may come of it. I prefer that other
maxim—"Fiat justicia mat ctelum."
Let us direct our attention to the present existing
condition of things in this country. Our nation is
in war; we have drawn the sword; and by virtue
of our authority and direction, our brethren are
now in the field. Every mail brings us news of the
movements of our armies, and at every hour we are
prepared to hear of the conflict of armies, and the
deadly strife. The country looks to us for support
—for direction. And it is a vain and base shrink-
ing from duty to waste our time in idle debate.
Action, prompt and decisive action, is demanded.
We all desire peace. War is a calamity which all
deprecate; but while one party can make war,
peace can only be obtained by the consent of both
parties; and the question is, What shall be done?
Having peace in view, shall we order our troops
to disband? Shall wc direct them to retreat, and
only retain possession of so much of Mexican ter-
ritory as will, in our estimation, indemnify us for
the wrongs inflicted by Mexico? Or, shall we
raise men and money, put forth the energies of the >
nation, prosecute the war with vigor, chastise our |
enemy, *and demand a peace upon fair and just ,
terms? It is self-evident that all diplomacy has ;
failed to bring us peace, and that our repeated and j
magnanimous tenders' of the olive branch have i
been spurned, arid have but increased the inso-
lence of our foe. Ail ideas of peace, in a peaceful i
way, by means of negotiation, must therefore be !
abandoned. The gentleman from Massachusetts 1
[Mr. Hudson] and myself differ as widely as the '
poles, when he calls forth one of our revolutionary
sires, and puts in his mouth, as a fit speech to the
President of the United States at the present time, :
that stern rebuke of the inflexible Roman Senator ,
to the friend of Caesar: :
" Bid him disband his lesions;
Kcstore the Commonwealth to liberty; ;
Submit In* actions to the public censure, j
And stand the judement of a Roman Penate; ,
Bid him do this, and Cato is ins fiiend." ;
This was a message sent by an unyielding pa- ■
tnot to the usurper of the liberties of Rome. But
now the tables are reversed, and Santa Ana, the j
leader of the forces of the public enemy, adopts ;
the same tone and sentiments in his message :
to our commanding general; and it is a slander t
upon the memory of our revolutionary patriots to ,
suppose that in a time of war any one of them ]
could adopt the same sentiments and language of j
our enemy. To disband our army, and abandon j
our cause in Mexico, would be a burning disgrace I
to our nation; and before the stain could be wiped
from our escutcheon, the amount of treasure to he
expended and blood to be spilt would be inesti-
mable. All patriots will reject such an idea with
disdain.
There is unquestionably a large party in this
House who favor the proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr.TiBBATrs,] which looks
to our becoming the arbiters of our own rights: to
seize and hold so much of the country of Mexico
as will satisfy our demands, and if Mexico does
not make reparation in due time, to hold and claim
the country thus retained as our own indefeasible
right: upon the principle—for I know of no other
on which such a procedure could be borne out—
that "Might makes right"—a principle of tyrants
only. By the adoption of this policy, when and
where is this war to end ? For ages we should have
an open cause of quarrel, and our frontiers must
become the scene of perpetual strife. Instead of
peace, we should have perpetual incursions, alarms,
and bloodshed. Humanity, economy, national
honor and dignity, forbid us such a course. If it
were unwise to have crossed the Rio Grande, the
evil consequences of a retreat, as long as the
enemy maintains an army in the field, are to my
mind innumerable. Whenever this war should
become a Florida campaign—if such shall ever be
the result—whenever no enemy enters the field to
give us battle, then, and not till then, could I enter-
tain such a proposition. There appears, in my
judgment, only one road open to us, and that is,
to put forth the power of the nation. Our move-
ments should be onward, vigorous, decisive! I do
not wish Mexico to submit to any arrangement
which will be humiliating and dishonorable; but
her obstinacy must be overcome, and her sense of
justice restored: and that moment she evinces a
willingness to enter into a just, fair, and honorable
arrangement with us, my voice shall be for desist-
ing from the fight. This I believe to be the wish
and policy of the Administration, and in this
course I stand ready, in behalf of the gallant people
I represent, to give the President a hearty and lib-
eral support. I look to him, who must be more
familiar with the whole ground and with all the
facts than I by possibility can be, for the recom-
mendation of those measures which, if promptly
adopted by us, will give success to our cause. I
will freely give him men and money, and all neces-
sary officers, and I believe I speak the voice of an
enlightened and patriotic constituency, when, in
their name, I make known their readiness to sub-
mit to all needful sacrifices for the support of the
country. I shall in no case endeavor to thwait
his plans or destroy his arrangements, as long as
I believe his purposes are puxe and patriotic.
This may sound in the ears of some as strong
partisan language, but I consider it the language of
patriotism; because, in time of war, there must be
some head, some singleness, unity, and directness
of purpose, to give efficiency and promptness to
our action: but, after I shall have done all this, I
shall firmly scrutinize his conduct, and hold him
responsible for the exercise of the power conferred,
before the country.
The President has recommended an increase of !j
taxes, to continue during the war. I shall vote M
the increase, believing, as he does, that it is neces-
sary to support the credit of the Government. He
has recommended, a loan of $£3,000,000, to raise
the money necessary to support our army in the
field: I shall vote it, and that without hesitancy.
He has recommended the raising of the ten regi-
ments proposed by this bill: I shall sustain "it.
He has recommended that Congiess should give
him authority to appoint a commander who shall
take command of our armies in Mexico. The
Committee on Military Affairs have rejected this
recommendation. In pursuance of the notice 1 'j
t^ave three days ago, I shall offer an amendment to ;
this bill, conferring the power asked for upon the i1
President. The original notice I gave was with- ,
out consultation with a single individual, in this i
House or out of it; and I shall persevere in it till ,
it is voted down or adopted. If this officer be
wanted at all, lie is wanted now—immediately. •
And separate and apart from the recommendation
of the President, the appointment of such an officer i;
would, in my opinion, infuse new life and energy |i
into our troops. The very proposition here, even |;
though unsuccessful, will, without doubt, beat- !i
tended with beneficial consequences in the army. |l
It will be evidence to our commanders already in 11
the field, that the country has grown weary with
tardy movements and bootless victories.
; From the late report of the Adjutant General,
' dated December 5, 1846, it appears that under the
I command or orders of Major General Taylor, the
; regular force is 7,406; the volunteer force 10,926;
which makes an aggregate force of 18,335. Under
i the command of General Wool, the regular troops
! aie 621; volunteers2,039. UnderGeneial Kearny,
i regular troops 446; volunteers 3,546. The aggre-
| gate force employed m the field, 24,984. Of this
i force, 8,743 are of the regular army, and 16,511
! volunteers. Since this estimate, a requisition for
' ten additional regiments has been made, and soon
: they will be in Mexico: which will increase the
1 volunteer force to 26,000 ormore. The very com-
position of the army seems to me to suggest the
; propriety of the appointment of a leader to direct
i the movements of the different divisions and bri-
j gades, who would be alike acceptable to the regular
army and volunteers; with no esprit de corps which
j would lead such a commander to prefer, if honor
! was to be gained in the service, if, should fall to
• the lot of one description of troops over another,
i Mr. Chairman, I have no confidence in Cabinet
| campaigns at any time or under any circumstances.
' The history of nations is for the most part but a
] narrative of the campaigns which each nation has
conducted. But how few are the instances known
< to us of successful Cabinet campaigns, when one
| set of men, however wise, at a distance from the
i theatre of war, arrange the plans and piescribe the
' movements, and another set of men, however
: brave, are required to execute the service. The
general who wins battles must be m the field, must
know and properly appreciate his own strength
and resources; must ne able to comprehend the
force of the enemy, the advantage proposed by
every movement, and the steps which are neces-
sary to defeat him in his purposes. The fate of
an empire may depend upon the decision of a
movement. The leader who directs the move-
ments of armies with efficiency and success, must
be on the field of operations: he must know, and
he can only know by being there, the exact geog-
raphy of the country, the relative strength of posi-
tions, the extent of supplies which can be afforded,
and the means within his reach for making deci-
sive and rapid movements. In the present instance,
the theatre of war is more than three thousand
miles from the capital. It takes from six to eight
weeks, under the most favorable state of things, to
hold communication with our generals; the re-
sources of the different departments of Mexico,
the amount of provisions, the means of transporta-
tion, the description of material which may be
wanted, cannot be understood or safely relied upon
at Washington. Wellnigh everything must be
necessarily left to the discretion of the command-
ing generals; yet the country holds the President
responsible for the good conduct of the war. He
says he desires to prosecute a vigorous campaign,
to secure a speedy and honorable peace. How
reasonable, just, and even fair, is it, then, to allow
him to designate the commander of our armies, in
whose skill,, wisdom, energy, discretion, firmness,
courage, and disposition, he may place every con-
fidence—with whom he may hold the most confi-
dential conferences, with no apprehension of having
it distorted or perverted—into whose mind he can
infuse the same spirit of vigor, energy, and di-
rectness of purpose, which now control him, and
who shall not forever be waiting for orders.
Mr, VAiNCE asked, where is the man?
Mr. T. resumed: With that matter, I will not
tiouble myself. To designate the man will be the
duty of the President, and on his responsibility he
must make the selection. But I hope there yet
lives in this country some Jackson who can lead
his country's armies to victory and to glory.
Washington was taken from private life and placed
in command of our revolutionary armies, and he
so conducted himself, that ail posterity will regard
him as the "saviour of his country." Jackson,
Brown, Harrison, Cass, and Miller, were all Uiken
from private life; yet the history of their deeds
makes up a most gratifying chapter m the histoiy
of our country. Let the President, then, selcct
his man, and send him into the field. I believe his
arrival at our camp will infuse new life and energy
into our troops; and the very expectation of active
service will revive the drooping spirits of our brave
volunteers, who have so long and patiently resisted
in inaction that most formidable of enemies—dig-
