160
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 0.
" And be it further enacted, That the ordnance department
shaii be so organized as to contain the 4-ame iTfinib«r anil
glides of otlicer.s as are now provided by law for the corpus of
engineer*; and that the number of military storekeepers,
now limited by the second section of the act approved the
Sid of August, iSl'J, to ten, may be increased to fifteen, at
the discretion of the Secretary of War."
This amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARALSON moved the following as ad-
ditional sections to the bill:
"And be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States be and he h hereby authorized, by and with
fhe advice and consent of the Senate, to add to the pay
depaiimeut not exceeding two d«puty paymasters general,
with the pay and allowances of deputy quartei master-, gen-
eral, who, m addition to paung troop--,.-hall t-uponntend the
payment of armies in the fiefti: P.omdcd, That !he officers
hQ appointed sh ill give sur.h bond-* as the President of the
United Suites shall from time to time direct.
^Anl he it farther enacted, That, wherever suitable non-
commissioned offi.-eis or pnvatos casino* be piocured from
tne lino of tlui army to seive as p lym-ister?' clerks, pay-
in<i>ter-> be and hereby aie authouzed and empowered, by
and with the approbation of the Seeietary of War, to em-
ploy citizens to pciform that duty, at salaries not to exceed
seven hundred dollar- pei annum cach.
" And be it further enacted, That when volunteers or militia
are called into the service of the United States, so that the
pxymasters authouzed by law shall not be deemed sufficient
to enable them to pay the troops with proper punctuality, it
shall be lawful for the President to appoint as many addi-
tional paymasters as he shall deem ncce^saiy, who shall
perform the same duty,give the same bond, be subject to the
same liability, and receive the same pay and emoluments as
art; now provided for tiie paymasters o! the army • Provided,
however, That the number ^o appointed shall not exceed one
for each regiment of inihtia or volunteers: And provided,
also, That the peisons so appointed shall continue in sei vn-i: I
only as long as theii services are lequired to pay militia and i
volunteers." !
This amendment was rejected. <
Mr. TIBBATTS said, as .the army was to be !
increased, flie Government must h.ave the money i
to pay it; he would therefore move the following 1
as an additional section: j
tC Tnat from and after the passage of thi« act, and until the i
conclusion of the war with M-xico, theie shall bj levied, ;
rollectcd, and paid, on all good-*, uares, and merchandise !
fiuojeet to fin; payment of duties by The act entitled {An act i
reducing the duty on imports and for other purposes,' ap- |
proved July 30, !£46, a duty of five per centum ad valorem, j
in addition to the duties imposed by said act."' j
The CHAIR decided the amendment out of]
order. ;
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed from the decision of I
the Chair. \
And the question being put, viz: Does the opin-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee; it was decided in the affirmative; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON offered the follow-
ing1 amendment:
"Slc. 1. And be it juither enacted, Tliaf the Piesident
shall be authoii7."d, by and witii the advice and con>em of
til : Senate, to appoint a lieutenant geneial, who shall take
eoni'tiand of our ainnes and whose teim of sei vice shall
continue during the war with the republic of Mexico."'
Tiie question being put, the tellers repotted, for
the amendment 84, against it 67. So this amend- ,
ment was agreed to. j
Mr. RATH BUN then moved the following as '
a substitute fur the bill: i
A BILL to rai-e foi a limited time an additional force, and
for ofhei purpo^. " '
Sv/\ I. Br it enacted !ni the Senate mid Hoii.se of Reprc- I
senfatires of the XTmtei States of America m iX>n^rcs$ a^sem- \
b'ed That in addition to the volunteer force authorized bv !
the aet approved Mav 13th, 1816, the Ptcsident of the (Tinted i
HtatftMs authouzed to rail for and accept the <ei vices of one
i <nment of drairoons and nine ipgjmeiits of infantry, each ;
to be composed or' the same number of commissioned offi- I
cms, unn-co;nniK---ioned oflieeis, musicians, and puvates, (
tec , as are provided fot a regiment of dtngooris and intan- ;
trv m the army of the United States respectively, and who !
shall re< eft' the >a'ne pay, rations, and allowance®, be sub-
ject to the r-auto insulations, and to the rules and ai tides of
war ,
Sec. 2. And he it finthei enacted. That the officers, non- 1
co)n;iiis-mnc'd officers, mu-ueians. and pnvates, composing '
Id > r- mim'tits hereby authorized to be dcct->ptcd in the PreM- !
dent.'•halt !>,> reiiiuud to volunteer oi enlist for and dining 1
tir1 wai, oi fur a tenn not exceeding five year-?; audit is ■
th'-Jliei pioviied. I bat at the close of the war, or at the e.\pi- ;
ration ot rh" s/nd f.\ <> \ ciiw. if they de«iro it, they shall be i
ret in ned to the "0 \ ei a! States and T<'n i tones in which thev !
vohinteei'-d. at the expense of the United Slates, and theie !
be disbanded and di'-eimcrr d fiom tlm s cmce.
S^r. .ind he it fnrfhci enacted. That there shall be al- !
lowed and paid to cveiy able-bodied man whoshall volunteer j
into any ol t!ie ie<_nme,it-- aibi<'sa,d to serve as heieinbetore |
provid, d, a bount;, of twelve dollar; but the payment of '
the same shall be deferred until the regiment in which he '
shall have volunteered shall have Ivhui accepted and inu ner-
ed into -itmcc; and theie shall he at the same tune paid to
each coinmivc-ioned oificoi vm dollais, and to each non-
commissioned officer, musician, and private, five, for ex-
pends im uried previous to hems mustered into seiviee.
Skc. 1. And be it further emzi fed. That it shall be lawful
lor the vohinteeis m each company to elect their own ofh- .
cer«, and for the volunteers of each regiment to elect the
officers of their regiments respectively; the commissioned
officers to receive their commissions from the Governor or
other person or persons according to the laws of the State
or Territory in which they volunteer.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War shall furnish clothing and rations to the volunteers of
the several regiments hereby authorized to be raised; and
to all those who have or shall hereaftei volunteer, under the
act of the tbnteenth of May, 1848, in the same proportion |
and manner, and upon the same terms, as is authorized by
law for the army of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it fwiihei enacted, That all the provisions
of the act approved May 13th, 1846, and of the aet supple-
mental thereto, approved June 18th, 1846, and the aet ap-
pi oved June 2<3th, 1846, so far as they are notinconsistent with
the piovisionsofthisact, shall apply to the regiments hereby
authorized to be raised, in the same manner as if the same
foimed a part of this aet.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That during the war
with Mexico, the term of enlistment of the men to he le-
ciuited for the regiments of diagoons, artilleiy, infantry,
engineer soldiers, or riflemen, of'the United States army,
shall be " duung the war," or for five yeais, at the option of
the recruit.
Sec. 8. And be it fmther enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one
additional ma^or to each of the regiments of dragoons, ar-
tillery, infantry, and riflemen, in the army of the United
States, who shall be takei^ from the capUans of the
ai my.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That to each of the
regiments of diagoons, artillery, mtautrj, and riflemen, there
shall be allowed a regimental quartet master, to bo taken from
' j the subalterns of tiie line, who shall he allowed ten dollars
i i additional pay per month, and forage for two horses.
1; Sec. 10. And be it fmther enacted, That there shall he al-
,i low* d and paid to every able-bodied mm who shall be duly
'! enlisted to serve in the army of the United States for the
;' term of five years, or duung the war, a bounty of twelve
doiiai*. but the payment of six dollars of the stud bounty
'1 shall be deferred until fhe recruit shall have joined the regi-
I: ment for dutv m which he is to seive.
I Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the sub-
■ ' stitute in the 1st section by inserting between the
if words " and nine regiments of infantry," and the
j. words " to be composed of the same number of
commissioned officeis,"the words "in companies,
! battalions, or regiments, as they may be tendered,
i! each regiment to be composed," &c.
ji Mr. 6.ATHBWN accepted Mr. McClernand's
;! amendment.
Mr. GROYER moved to amend the substitute
II by adding the following as an additional section :
;' c'And be it further enacted, That the President shall be au-
j! thonzed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
ji to appoint a lieutenant general, who shah take command
j; of our armies, and whose tenn of service shall continue
duung the war with the republic of Mexico."
;i The question was taken, and the, tellers reported
for the amendment 66, against it 95.
|; So the amendment was rejected.
■| The question was then taken on Mr. Rathbun's
substitute, and the tellers reported, for it 96, against
it 88.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The committee rose and the Chairman reported
the bill as amended.
Mr. J. THOMPSON obtained the floor and in-
quired of the Chair if the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union reported the original bill
to the House as reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, or the bill with amendments >
The CHAIR stated that tie Committee of the
Whole reported the original Bill with one amend-
ment.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend the
report of the Committee of the Whole by adding
thereto an additional section as follows:
"Sko. . And be it further enacted, That the Piesidcntshall
be authorized, by and with the advice and conscnt of the
Senate, to app.unt a lieutenant general, who shall ftke
command ol oui aimies, and who«e term of service shall
continue during the wai v\ ith tne lepubhc or Mexico
Mr. T. moved the previous question; and also
moved that the House do now adjourn.
The question on adjournment was taken by yeas
and nays, as follows, viz:
YE \S—MesMs. Bedinser, Benton, Jame* Black, Bowhn,
Boyd. Broeio-nbiough, Biodhead, WilliamG. Brown, (,'afh-
earr, Reuben (Jhaprpan. Cita.H', t'liipnian, Clark", Cobb, Col-
lin. Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Daraan, Do Mott, Dil-
lingham, Dobbin, Douglass, DunUip, EdsalI,Klls\voith, Erd-
inan, Faian, Fo;tci, Fues, (rdivm, Giles, Cordon, FTaunan-
sun, Hastings, Hen!..}, Uoge, Hopkins, Hough. Geoige S.
Houston, Hiiiigertord, Cliailes J. Ingersull. Ju-eph Johnson,
Georiro W. Jones Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Pres-
ton King, Leake, Lefilcr, La Sore, Lumpkin, Maclay, Mc-
Clean. McCkm.ind, SlcC'ratc, McD.imcl, Jo^pph J. Mc-
Dowell, Jame-s McDowell, John P. Martin, Bnrkiey Maitm,
Morris, Moise, Moultou. Owen, Parrish, Payne, Perrill,
Perty, Phelps, Reid, Eelfe, Ritfer, Roberts, Russell, Saw- ,
telle, Leonatd H. Sun^, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Staik- i
weather, Strong, James Thompson. Jacob Thompson, '
Toomhxj Wiek, William^, and Yo«t—87. j
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Siepiien Adams, Anderson, Ar- i
nold, Aslnnun, Atkinson, Baumger, Bayly^ Bell, James A. :
Black, Blanchard, Bowdon, Milton Brown. Buftington, Burt,
William W. Campbell, John FI. Campbell, Cairoll, John 0,
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Con-
stable, Cottrell, Cranston, Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Dair.igh,
Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockciy, John H. Ewing,
Edwin H Ewing, Fickhn, Foot, Gentry, Giddings, Graham,
Glider, GiinneJ), Grover, Hale. Hamlin. Hampton, Haralson,
Harper, Milliard, Ehas B. Holmes, Isaac E Holmes, John
W. Houston, Edmund W. Iiubard, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt. Huntei, Joseph
R. IngcrsoJl, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King,
Thomas B. King, Lawrence, Lejb, Levin, Lewis, Ligon,
Long, McGaugfiev, McHenry, Mcllvainc, McKav, Marsli,
Miller, Moseley. Niven, Nonis, Pendleton, Pill.-bury, Pol-
lock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell? Root, Runk, Sawyer, Scatnmon, Schenck, Sea-
man, Seddon, Sevejance, Truman Smith, Alhert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stephens, Strohm, Sykc-s,
Tliibod.uix, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Thur'man,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Town®, Tredway, Trumbo, Vance, Yin-
ton, Wentworth. Wheaton. White. Wilmof, Winthrop,
Woodruff, Woodward, Wright, and Young—121.
The House having refused to adjourn, the de-
mand for the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put, viz;
" Will the House agree to the amendment offered
by Mr. Jacob Thompson, authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint a lieutenant geneial/' &c., and,
being taken by yeas and nays, was decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Stephen Adams, Anderson, Benton, Jas.
Black. Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd,Brmkejhoff, Broekenbiough,
William G. Brown, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipnian,
Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cunningham, De Mott, Douglass, Dun-
lap. Ellsworth, Erdman. F.uan, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gor-
don, Grover, Hamhn, Haimanson, Hastings, Henley, Hoge,
Hough, George S. Houston, Hungerford, Chailes J. Ingersoll,
Jamas H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Geo g<; W. Jone*., Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman. Kennedy, Preston King. Leake. L eib,
La Sere, Lumpkin, McClean, McClemand, McCiate, Mc-
Damel, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, J.
P Martin, Barkley Ma tm, !\foise, Monlton, Norris, Payne,
Perrill, Perry, Phelps, Pills'oury, Rathbun, Roheits, Rus-
sell, Sawyer, Scammon, Leonaid H. Sims, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Staikweather, St. John, Strong, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson,Thurman, Tredway, Wheaton, Wick, and
Williams—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Bar-
unger, Bayly, Bedmger, Bell, James A. Black, Blanehaid,
Brodhead, Milton Brown. Buffington, Buit, William W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carioll, Cathcart, John G.
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cot-
trell. Cranston, Cro/ier, Culver, Dargnn, Dairagh, Garrett
Davis, Delano,Dillingham, Dixon, Dobbin,Dockery, Edsall,
John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing. Foot, Gentry, Giddin^s,
Giles, Graham, Grider, Gnnncll, Hale, Hampton, Harahon,
Harper, Hilliard, Ehas B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, Hop-
kins, John W. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard. Samuel 1).
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jas. B. Hunt, Ilnnter,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Darnel P.
King, Thos. Butler King, Lawrence, Leffler, Levin, Lewis,
Long, Maclay, McClelland, McGaughey, McHenry, Mell-
vaine, Marsli, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Owen, Pendleton,
Pollock, Ramsey, Reid, Ripley, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawtelle, Schenck, Seaman,
Seddon, Severance, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Strohm, Thibo-
daux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Toombs, Towns, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentwoith,
White, VVilmot, Wmthiop, Woodruff, Woodward, Wnght,
Young, and Yost—120.
So the amendment to the amendment of the
Committee of the Whole was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY inquiied of the Chair what ques-
tion would be before the House if the amendment
reported by the Committee of the Whole was re-
jected.
The SPEAKER stated if the House rejected
the amendment reported by the Committee of the
Whole, the question would recur on the bill as
originally reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The question was then taken on the cmendment
(Mr. R,athbitn's) reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, by yeas and
nays, as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Anderson. Arnold, Ashmun, Bar-
ringer, Bell, Benton, Blanehaid. Milfon Btown, Buffington,
William W. Campbell, J. H. Campbell, Carioll, J G Chap-
man, Cocke, Collamer, Ciam-ton, Crozier, Culvtr, Cum-
mins, Dnrragb, Davis, Delano, De Mott, Dixon, Dockery,
John II. Ewmg. Edwin H. Ewing. Fjckhn. Foot, Gentry,
Giddings, Giaham, Grider, Gunnell. G'ovei, Hale, Hamhn,
Hampton. Harper, Milliard, Tloge, E. B. Holmes, John W.
Hou-ton, Samuel D. Hubhaid, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
.Tame-. B. Hunt, Joseph R. Tngen-oll, Jenkins Andrew John-
son, Daniel P. King, Pre^on King. Thomas Butler King,
Leib, Levin, Lewis, Lonix, McClornand, McGaughey, Mc-
Henry. Mcllvaine, Mat.-di, Miller, Mo-eley, Norn-. Pendle-
ton, Pill-bury, Polloek. Ramsey, Rathbun, Riplev. Julius
Rockwell, J.*A. Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Sawjci, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance, Tiuman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robeit Smith. Stephens, Stiohm, Thibodaux, Tho-
masson, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Tiumbo,
Vance, Vinton, Wentwoith, Wheaton, White, Vvilmot,
Winthrop, Wood, Woodruff, Wught, Young, and Yost—
103
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, I>d-
ingei, James Black, James A- Black, Bowdon, Bovvlin,
Bovd, Brockenbrough, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Burt,
Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chiuse,
Clnpman, (Marke, Cobb, Collin, Constable, Cottrell, Cullom,
