THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session*
FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1847.
New Series No. 11.
Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, Dillingham, Dobbin, Doug-
lass, Duulap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Foster,
Fries, Garvin, Giles. Gordon, Haralson, Harmanson, Has-
tings, Henley, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S.
Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, flungerfoid, Hunter, Charles
J. Inger^oll, James IT. Johnson, Jose.ph Johnson, George
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufmau, Kennedy, Lawience,
Leake, Lefiiei, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maelay, Mc-
Clean, McClelland, McCrate, McDaniel, Joseph J. Mc-
Dowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Morris,
Morse, Mmillon, Niven, Owen, Payne, Perrill, Pcrrv, Phelps,
Reid, Relfe, Rittei, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Scammon,
S^dtion, Leonard II. Sims, Simpson, Stanton, Starkweather,
£t. John, Stiong, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thur-
man. Tib()ntts. Towns, Tredway, Wick, Williams, and
Woodward—104.
So the amendment reported by the Committee
of the Whole was non-concurred in by the House.
The question was then taken on ordering the
original bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Which question was decided in the affirmative.
The bill being engrossed, it was read a third
time.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question.
A motion was here made that the House do now
adjourn.
'Which motion was lost by the casting vote of
the Speaker.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put, viz: " Shall this
bill pass ?"
On which question the yeas and nays were or-
dered; pending-which, the House,at fifteen minutes
before five o'clock, adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. SEAMAN": Tlx- petition of John Ross, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying Congress to allow lum a pension in
consideration of his &erviees uuung the wai of the Revolu-
tion.
By Mi. LTTMPKTN: The petition of a large number of
citizens ot Walker county, Geoigia, for the estahli.-hmeut
of a mail route from the town of Cuattanooga, in E.^t Ten-
nessee, through McLauioro's co\in Walker county, Geor-
gia, to Vallev Head, in tiie State of Alabama.
By Mr. J.'G. CHAPMAN, of M.uyiand • The petition of
the President and Dneetois and Company of the Union Bank
of Georgetown, in flu- DMnet of Columbia.
By Mi". W. HUNT, ol New York: The petition of citi-
zens of Niagara countv, New Yoik, for an impiovement of
the haihor of Eighteen Mile creek.
By Mr. J. II. JOHNSON, of New Hampshiie: The peti-
tion of Benjamin G. Perkms, praying allowance of a pen-
sion as an invalid in con=idejaiion of disabilities inctmed
during bis services in the Crated States army.
By Mi. HALE: A petition of the executors of Captain
Judah Aldcn for commutation.
yv Mi. OIIANSTON. The memorial of John Barstow
and others, of Providence, Rhode Inland, against the repeal of
the law reflating piloting m New Yoik.
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of Anloine Cupre, prajing
foi confirmation of a tract of land.
Bv Mr. SAWTELLE: The p tition of Diuncrson Hayncs
and" seventy-seven otheis, citizens of Somerset countv, in
the State of Maine. ptaymg for the icpeal of the law wnuh
allows of women bonig whipped and imprisoned in tin Dis-
tiict oi Columbia without crime, and that females bo allow-
ed then- oath.
B  Mi McDOWELL, of Ohio: The petition of Robert
Rntlei, of Flouda, praying compensation for certain losses,
^BvMi. HIIiLfA11I): A meumiial fiom citizens of Mont-
gomery Barbour, and Bntl"r counties. Alabama, pnyingtno
lemoviil of the middle district court of the United States to
Montgomery.
Bv Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin: A petition of delegates
to the constitutional convention of Wisconsin, a>kitig an
alteration in the boundaiy of the State as established by t!ie
act of August 6th, 1846. Also, the petition of citizens of
Washington county, asking a mail route from Grafton to
Hust's Rapid*.
By Mr. E H. EYVING: Petition and accompanying pa-
pers of L. P. Cheatham. Also, the petit,ioii of S. F. Read,
and aecompauvinir papers ANo, the petition of the heiw
of Peter Donmiiek Rohcit, with aceompinymg papers.
Also, the petition of Samuel Graves, with accompanying
papeis.
By Mr. ABBOTT : The memorial of Ebenezer Stone and
twenty—ix others, merchants, shipowrieis, and shipmaster
of tiic/dihtiKt of IMewburyport, Mas>achu-ens, praying that
thi: law now m operation regulating the pilots for the dis
trier of New York may not b,i icpealcd.
By Mr. DANIEL P. KING: The several memorials of
Humphrey Devereux, Joseph G. Water?, Gideon Tucke;,
John P. Andrews, and othei*, of Salem, Massachusetts, for
remuneiation for spoliations committed by the Frcu#h puor
to the yeat 1800, or foi the restoration of then claims, and
remedy against France. Also, the memorial of the heirs of
11
Nathaniel Tracy, for the payment of outstanding loan office
certificates. ^
By Mr. j. R. TNGERSOLL: Sundry memorials from
citizens of Philadelphia, asking Congress to setapart. during
the present ses>ion, the strip of land prayed for by Asa Whit-
ney of Now York, for the purpose of enabling him immedi-
ately to commence the great national work of constructing
a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific.
By Mr. GORDON: The petition of William Wickham.
Also, the petition of J. W. Nye.
By Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN The memorial of William and
Richard A. Reeder, for property destroyed by the enemy in
the war of 1812. Also, the memorial of the heir* of Captain
John Thomas, of the. Virginia State nav\ durinsr the war of
the Revolution, asking pav and relief. Also, the petition of
the representatives of Colonel Udney Hay, for payment of
lost loan office certificates.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of citizen* of Johnson
county, Missouri, foi a post, route fiom Harrishuig, Lafay-
ette county, to Rose Hill, Johnson county, in the State of
Mi«^ouri.
15v Mr. SCHENCK- Th<* memorial of George Afrieanus
O'Biinn, praying to he indemnified for spoliations commit-
ted prior to A. D 18H0 bv the Fiv neb Government on the
piopertv of hk fiither, Rirhaid O'Brien.
By Mr. HOLMES, oi .South (Carolina: The petition of J.
S. R. Reeve-*, lieutenant of ait.lierv and adiuUnt at West
Point.
Bv Mr. SCAMMON: The petition o? Moses Goodwin,
jr., and 21 others citizen*: of Shanleigh, for a drv-doek at
the navy yard at Kitterv, Maine. AKo, the petition of John
Nelson and 74 others, citizens of Elliot, for a dry-dock at the
same place.
By Mr. PERRY: The memorial of the President and Pro-
fessors of Mount St Marv's College, of Marjland, praung
a modification of the tariff act of 1815 so a« to restore the
privilege formerly enjoyed bv pubhe institutions of learning
in the importation of book^ and philosophical apparatus'.
Bv Mr. J. R. INGERROLL: The memorial of Jacob Idler,
of Philadelphia, in relation to his claim upon the Govern-
ment of Venezuela, and for relief.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Hugh Graham, and 155
others, of Claiborne countv, Tennessee, praying Congress
to reestablish a hue of four-hoise post coaches on mail
louteNo. 5,067, from RussellviJl", Tennessee, to London and
Lexington, Kentucky.
Bv Mr LIGON : A memonal of a large number of mer-
chants of the city of Baltimore, pia\ mjrCongi f>s to puich.w
Moi-c's eleetio magnetic tel< giaph for the two of the Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of W. B. Edwards, late
an invalid cobber, praying foi a pen>ion.
Bv Mr HUDSON: The petition of Joseph W Cioss, of
West Boylston, Massachusetts, praying for the restoration of
peace.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 11, 1847.
The Senate having been called to order,
Mr. ATCHISON presented the following note
from the Vice President:
" Washington, January 11, 1847.
"Senator Atchison will oblige mo by opening
the Senate to-day, and by presiding therein until
its adjournment. G. M. DALLAS,
"Vice President of the. Unile.d States,
and President of llie Senate.''
Mr. CHITTENDEN rose and said, that it v.ms
with real reluctance that lie was about to trouble
the Senate with any remarks on this subject.
Once before, at the last session, when a similar
occuirence took place, he had felt it his duty, as a
member of this body, to call the attention of the
Senate to the question as to the ri^ht of the Vice
Piesident to delegate to any Senator lie might
name, the authority to preside over the delibera-
tions of the bodv'durmo his absence from the
chair. The question was then but little discussed;
and as the proposition which he at that time made,
was offered without much consideration, he had
consented to withdraw it. He still thought, how-
ever, that the subject merited serious deliberation. |
Anything like persona! or political considerations,
in hrinjins: up the matter a^ain, he entirely dis-
avowed. The Senator who had been named was j
to him perfectly unexceptionable. There was no i
gentleman in that body who would be more agree- |
able to him as the occupant, of the chair. The only ;
object he had in rising was to vindicate the rights i
of the Senate, whose province it was to elect the j
Senator who should preside in the absence of the ;
Yice President. If an election were now to be ;
made, he had no doubt that the result would be the '
same. What he desired was that the appointment ,
should be the act of the Senate—that the Senate j
should assert its right; and this course he trusted ]
would be pursued. Entertaining these views, he i
 " 
would now offer a resolution, for the purpose of
testing the sense of the Senate. If the Vice Presi-
dent had the right to nominate a substitute for a
day, lie had an equal right to appoint one for a
week, for a month, or for a year. He concluded
with submitting the following resolution :
" Resolved, That the Senate now proceed to the
election of a President pro tempore."
Mr. ATCHISON said that as the course of pro-
ceeding was one in reference to which a diversity
of opinion might properly exist, and as the right
of the Vice President to appoint a substitute was
denied, it might be the pleasure of the Senate to
go into an election. He would, therefore, with
the permission of the Senate, retire from the chair,
and let the Secretary preside until the sense of the
body shall have been ascertained.
[A general exclamation of " No! no!" " Read
the rule."]
The rule was then read, as follows:'
" The Vice President, or President of the Sen-
' ate pro tempore, shall have a right to name a mem-
' ber to perform the duties of the chair, btit such
' substitution shall not extend beyond an adjourn-
' ment."
Mr. SPEIGHT said that, with all due defer-
ence, he thought the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky quite unnecessary. The rule said that
the Vice President could not name a substitute to
act beyond one day. The nomination of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, therefore, was strictly and
clearly within the meaning of the rule, and the
practice of the Senate had conformed to it. There
was no necessity for a departure from the course
which was pursued last session. Then the Vice
President, was absent from the District, but now
he is only prevented from taking his seat by a
slight indisposition. It seemed to him to be a very
plain case.
Mr. SEVIER referred the Senator from Ken-
tucky to the proceedings of the last session, when
a similar appointment was acquiesced in. The
Vice President was quite unwell, and was not able
to perform the duties of the chair to-day. He
would request his friend from Kentucky to with-
draw his resolution. If the Vice President should
continue to be indisposed for several days, there
might be some reason for the interference of the
Senate, and it would then be time enough to con-
sider what course should be adopted. The case
was settled at the last session. He hoped the
Senator from Kentucky would allow the matter
to stand over.
Mr. ATCHISON said that he felt the impro-
priety of occupying the chair duiing this discus-
sion. He felt the great delicacy of his situation,
and was desirous to retire from the chair.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed his hope that
the Senator from Missouri* would retain the chair.
He could do so with great propriety, as the unani-
mous consent of the Senate would, doubtless, be
cheerfully given.
No objection being made, Mr. Atchison con-
tinued in the chair.
Mr. BADGER thought the rule which had been
read did not apply to the present case. This was
a case, he thought, which the Constitution itself
provided for when it declared that, in the absence
of the Vice President, the Senate should appoint
a President prn tem. The Vice President, when
absent from this Hall, was not the President of
! this body—he was only the Vice President of the
: United States; and when here, by virtue of his
office, was the presiding officer of tins body. It
■ was, to his understanding, very plain that the Vice
I President could have no power to delegate his
authority. The Senate, when they adopted- t-he
rule, did not intend to confer any such power on
the Vice President. They knew their own rights
too well to do this. The reason why the provision
' was introduced that the substitute should not re-
tain the chair beyond the adjournment of the Sen-
! ale was simply this: that no member of the Senate
should be called to the chair by the Vice Presi-
■ dent unless when he was temporarily called away
' during the sitting of the body.
i Mr. ALLEN referred to the fact, not very re-
