162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
mote as to time, when Mr. Southard occupied the
chair. That gentleman was for a long time sick",
and unable to preside for many successive days;
when it was his constant practice to call a Senator
to take the chair. He merely desired to state the
fa^t, which seemed to bear in this case.
Mr. BADGER briefly replied, that although he
was not a member of the -Senate at the time, he
had a perfect recollection of the case referred to by
the Senator from Ohio. It did not strike him that
there was any analogy between that case and the
present. The Vice" President is not a member
of this body. He occupied the chair by virtue
only of his official character. The Constitution
confers on him no power to delegate the office to
another: it is the province of the Senate, when he
is not present, to appoint a President pro tempore
to preside. When a President of our own choice,
a member of the Senate, occupies the chaii, it is
proper and right, during any unavoidable absence,
that he should call on any other member of the
Senate to act for him. He had no undue jealousy
with regard to the authority of the Vice Piesident,
but must insist that they could not authorize him,
while absent, to appoint a substitute in face of the
Constitutiorf expressly declaring, that in his ab-
sence, the Senate should appoint that officer. He
could not do it. If he was not in the chair, whether
he was in Washington or New Orleans, it mattered
not—he was absent from the Senate, and could not
by note, letter, or other communication, appoint a
substitute.
He would take occasion to say, as the Senator
from Kentucky had said, that the Senator occu-
pying the chair knew well that he (Mr. B.) had
110 personal reference to him in the remarks he had
made. There was no Senator who would fill the
chair more gracefully, and none whom he would
rather desire to see there.
Mr. CHITTENDEN then modified his resolu-
tion, so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the Hon. D. R. Atchison be,
and he is hereby, appointed President pro lem.
during the abscnce of the Vice President, and until
he resumes his seat as presiding officer of this
body.
Mr. SEVIER considered that, according to the
strict construction which the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Badgkr] had given to
the Constitution, all business of the Senate must
cease if the Vice President should chance to be ab-
sent for five minutes. 1 le thought the course which
the Vice President had taken m this case was in
accordance with the uniform practice of all parties,
at all times, since the foundation of the Govern-
ment. Why, then, was the question brought, up
at this time ? The same thing had been done, in
like circumstances, at the last session, when the
Vice President left the city, and appointed a sub-
stitute; and he could see no reason for making an
exception to this general usage in the present case.
He would suggest to his friend from Kentucky the
propriety of Introducing a proposition to change
the rule, if he considered the rule unconstitutional,
and then the course to be pursued would be well
understood. If the Vice President should leave
for an hour, we should then know what is to bo
done.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky would be acquiesced in, so
as to render it unnecessary to go into an election
at this time. What was the language of the rule?
[Here the Senator read the rule.] The question j
is, whether this rule conforms to the Constitution.
The words of the Constitution are emphatic: the ■
Senate shall choose a President pro tempore. In j
the absence of the Vice President, the Senate shall j
choose a President pro tempore. The rule only
provides that the Senate shall do what the Consti-
tution says it shall do. It is unnecessary, then, to
go into a discussion on the subject, when the rule
indicates our course. He thought the objection
raised by the gentleman from Arkansas unfounded,
that the Vice President could not leave his seat for
a few minutes, without requiring the election of a
President pro tempore; because it was only in the
absence of the Vice President, acting as President,
that the rule authorized him to name one who
should occupy the chair during that day's busi-
ness. But the Constitution expressly forbids the
Vice President from appointing a substitute to pre-
side over the Senate—the Vice President being
absent at the time of making such appointment.
Mr. CALHOUN said the question obviously
turned on the word " absent;" and all precedent
had decided that the Vice President could vacate
his chair for a single day without being considered
as " absent." If he goes to the fire to warm him-
self, is he to be considered absent ? If he goes into
the other room in the Capitol, is he to be regarded
as absent? The question is whether he may not
leave the chair to warm his feet, or to go to the
other end of the Capitol, or into the city, without
being considered absent. Such construction had
never been given to the rule. In so nice a ques-
tion precedent should govern them. If the vice
President cannot leave the chair to converse with
a friend, it would have a very inconvenient effect,
unless he is understood to do it informally. If he
is absent for a day, then the rule comes into oper-
ation, and he can name a substitute.
A plausible argument might be advanced on both
sides, however, but long practice ought to govern
our decision. The best way, in his opinion, as
the question was subject to some doubt, was to
leave it undecided for the present, and take it up
at some future time. He would therefore vote
against the resolution; and that, not because he
had the slightest objection to the Senator in the
chair.
Mr. BADGER inquired of the honorable gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
whether he considered the Vice President as now
piesent or absent. If present, the present incum-
bent of the chair had no right there: if absent, then
the Constitution declared that the Senate should
elect a chairman pro tempore. He admitted, with
the Senator from South Carolina, that the word
" absence" admitted of various constructions; but
still the question recurs, is the Vice President now
absent or present? With regard to this question,
certainly the Vice President treated himself as ab-
sent ; for he sent them a paper proposing some one
to preside (luringhis absence. If absent, the Con-
stitution says the Senate shall choose a President
pro tempore. IP present, there is no necessity for
any action.
Mr. CALHOUN said he would answer the
question of the gentleman from North Carolina, if
he would first answer a question for him. Sup-
pose the Vice President should go to the House to
see some friend, would he be present or absent?
Mr. ALLEN admitted that this was a subject
of some embarrassment. Had this been a new
question, with nothing to weaken it on the one
side or to stiengthen it on the other, in the practice
of this body, he would hesitate as to his course.
Buthe thought the meaning of the words "present"
and "absent" quite obvious. He defined "pres-
ent" to be that condition which qualified the Vice
President for the discharge of the duties of his
office. He could not see how he could be absent
while sitting on a sofa in another part of the room
for a few moments. If he should be sick and
lying on that sofa, he would be constitutionally
absent as much as if he were away from the Capi-
tol, because he would be unable to discharge the
duties of his office. There was a difficulty in the
question, and he agreed with the Senator from
South Carolina, that the better course would be to
reserve the question for the present, leaving it for
future deliberation. If we adopt the resolution
now, we establish a new principle, and decide what
should be left to a more convenient period. There-
fore, he concurred in the propriety of postponing
it.
One more remark as to the distinction which had
been made between the Vice President and a Presi-
dent jn'o tem. They are regarded as the same in
the rule. They are treated precisely alike. The
authority to both is given in the same words. The
Senate has acquiesced in this construction, and we
ought to adhere to the practice now, and select a
more convenient time for the decision of the ques-
tion. He thought, however, that they had better
in the present case adhere to the previous usage of
the Senate, and select a more convenient time for
discussing the matter.
Mr. B EJTLER made some remarks, which, from
j his position under the gallery, were not heard with
I sufficient distinctness to be reported. He was
| opposed to the resolution, on the ground that, ac-
I cording to the spirit of the rule, the Vice President
j could not be regarded as absent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN called for the readingof the
Vice President's letter; which was again read.
! Mr. C. thought the Vice President had no more
1 right to designate an officer to preside over the
Senate than the President had to select some sub-
stitute to perform his duties. Up to the tune of
the appointment of Judge Southard as Presidentof
the Senate, when the Vice President became Presi-
dent of the United States, all precedent had favored
the view which he had taken on this question.
The case of M r. Southard was attended by peculiar
circumstances. That ease seemed to be strongly -
relied on; and in that case he thought that gentle-
men suffered friendship and courtesy to carry them
a-little beyond the bounds of propriety. Judge
Southard was elected President pro tem. as a mem-
ber of the Senate. He was suffering in his last
illness, and was for a long time disabled from
taking the chair. He was highly esteemed and
valued; and there was a willingness in the Senate
then to allow the practice of naming a substitute
from day to day and fiom week to week; and this
is urged as a precedent to govern us when no such
circumstances exist.
The other instance brought forward was that of
the present Vice President, who went away last
session to visit his family in Philadelphia, when
he named a substitute. The nomination was then
acquiesced in, hastily, in His opinion. All his reflec-
tions had resulted in a conviction of the impro-
priety of the course. Important consequences may
be involved in it, if suffered to continue. He
would say nothing about the various constructions
of the word absence—whether going to the fire, or
the sofa, or to the other part of the Capitol, was
to be regarded as being absent. But there were
other considerations of greater importance to be
looked at, one of which was the security afford-
ed by the appointment of a President of the Sen-
ate in case of the death of the Vice President.
In his opinion the Vice President had no more
right to appoint a substitute than the President
has. The Constitution gives no such power, and
if it is exercised, it is in opposition to the rights of
this body. Our powers are given us not exclu-
sively for our own benefit,, but for others, and we
have no right to limit them or to enlarge them.
In cases where the Vice President temporarily
leaves the chair, and calls another to occupy it,
we make no election, but consider him still in the
chair. But when he is confincd at home by sick-
ness, it is the absence contemplated by the Consti-
tution. The daily journal of proceedings shows
who is the occupant of the chair, and it is neces-
sary that it should show him to be either the offi-
cial President, or a President pro tempore. He had
no feeling on the subject—no personal objection to
anyone; but it was necessary for the dignity of
this body that it should retain in its own hands the
exercise of its own powers, especially in the ap-
pointment of a presiding officer. If the Vice Presi-
dent can name a substitute for one day, he can do
the same for a week or a month, and our rule is
rendered nugatory. It is our duty to go into an
election, and thus prevent the vacation of the
chair by the Vice President without leaving a suc-
cessor.
He asked the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] who, he remarked, presided so
long and with so much characteristic ability over
the deliberations of the Senate, if he ever under-
took, under his sign-manual, to designate a sub-
stitute ? Hundreds of precedents might be quoted
in support of the course he had taken, while only
three solitary cases could be found against it. The
inadvertencies of sixty years had been quoted,
while one hundred good precedents had been lost
sight of. The rare exceptions are taken, the prac-
tice of ninety-nine cases to the contrary notwith-
standing. For some years past, the Vice President
has been the President of the Senate, and not a
, member of this body. He has been a sort of
j peace officer, to keep order—an executive officer—
j grand marshal; and is it to be allowed that he shall
■ consider himself authorized to place over our heads
j any one he may name. He again disavowed any
I personal feeling. He had none. The resolution
I proved that he had none. He would most eor-
i dially vote for the Senator now in the chair; but
he desired the right of the Senate to be vindicated
in his appointment.
Mr. BADGER said that he regarded it absolute-
ly necessary that the question should now be de-
cided. He had put to the Senator from South
Carolina a question, whether, according to his con-
struction of the Constitution, he thought the Vice
President was this morning absent or present.
The Senator from South Carolina, instead of an-
