170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
the resistless tide of public sentiment in the North
would roll over him and finally overwhelm him
forever.
Mr. H. should vote for the amendment because
it was right, not because he believed that the com-
promise had anything to do with this territory.
Mr. ADAMS now withdrew his amendment,
(and the proviso fell with it.)
Mr. BURT moved to amend the 12th section, in
the 7th line, between the word "and" and the word
" shall," by adding the following words:
" Inasmuch as the whole of the said territory lies north
of 36° 30' north latitude, known as the line of the Missouri
compromise."
Mr. B. was about to state his reasons in favor
of this amendment, when—
On motion of Mr. BAYLY, the committee rose.
DEATH OF JUDGE PENNYBACKER.
The Senate notified the House of Representa-
tives by their Secretary of the death of the Hon.
Isaac S. Pennybacker, late a Senator in Congress
from the State of Virginia.
Whereupon Mr. McDOWELL, of Virginia,
rose and addressed the House as follows:
I rise, Mr. Speaker, to perform, for an honored
and valued colleague, lately representing our native
and common State m the other branch of this
national assembly, the same sad and melancholy
office which he himself performed in his place less
than a year ago for my own kinsman and imme-
diate predecessor here. I rise to say—what I know
will be felt with sensibility by those who hear me,
and what will send a pang to the hearts of thou-
sands who do not—that Isaac S. Pennybacker,
one of the Senators from Virginia, is no more!
Whatever, under the guidings of Providence, or
in the fulfilled and cheering promise of his outset,
he might have become in the lofty career which
the confidence of his country had assigned him,
that career is now over; his expectations and his
efforts in it are now ended, and the silence and
seal of death are forever upon him.
He was seized and snatched away from his labors
almost before he had begun them, but not before
the modest and ingenuous qualities of his nature
had been seen, or before he had shown himself, in
all the safest, soundest, and purest virtues of a
public man, to be worthyof all acceptation. He
was comparatively young—less than forty-two
years of age—so that he came to the eminent sta-
tion which he filled precisely at that period of life
when the body and mind, in their complex action
upon one another, cooperate the best, and when
man is most capable of building up the richest
monuments of usefulness and fame for his country
*\nd himself. He was born in Shenandoah county,
Virginia—was educated to the profession of law,
which he entered upon in early manhood, and
practised with a high and progressive reputation
until he was called upon to represent his native
district in Congress, from whence, at the end of
his first representative term, he was transferred,
by appointment of the President "and Senate, to
the district court of Western Virginia, and was
thence again transferred, but a year ago, by the
Legislature of that venerable Commonwealth, to
the responsible and final post, from all the honors,
and counsels, and toils, of which he has now been
removed by that mysterious and Gracious Power
which governs us all, to another, and I would
reverently hope, to a better world.
He was always a student—an ardent and de-
voted student. The study of his profession espe-
cially, as I learn from his more intimate friends,
was both his habit and his enjoyment; and hence
it was that he became not only eminently qualified
by his learning and his love of investigation for
judicial labors, but that the whole texture of his
mind became gradually and essentially judicial
also. He thought with care, with system, with
clearness, with rectitude, and he thought to results.
A sound lawyer, a wise judge, a trusted states-
man—he was more than all these; he was a sound,
irreproachable, trustworthy, and honest man;
never—and I speak it with emphatic utterance—
never bringing upon any human face, by any act
of his, either the blush of shame or the stain of a
tear. Wherever his avocations or his duties called
him, it was the cheering lot of this excellent man
to be always surrounded by friends—friends who
respected and who loved him. And, having thus
lived a life of probity and of peace upon earth, he
has gone, in the meridian of his day, to the tomb,
without a solitary reproach to follow, or a solitary
enemy to forgive him.
Like his late and lamented colleague from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Barrow,] he was stricken down m all
the pride of his physical power, and in the full
maturity of his brightest manhood; like him he
was crushed by an unexpected and a startling
blow, and sharing side by 3ide with one another,
as they did, the hopes of their country and the
joys of freshest life, how sad, how strange, how
admonitory, is it to us all to see them parted by
death for a season, and then grouped and gathered
again as companions for the grave ! Unlike that
Senator, however, my honored colleague breathed
his last m the bosom of his family, and had his
forlorn and solitary pathway to another world
soothed by the presence and comforted by the aid
of all who were dearest to him in this. Here it is,
in the breaking up of that tender and holy bond
which bring wife and children to the pillow of the
dying husband and father, that we find a bittei-
ness m death to which the rupture of ail other rela-
tions is as nothing. But it is not for us to look upon j
this private scene; it is not for us to go into the
sanctuary of this sorrow, nor listen to that cry of
anguish and brokenness of heart which is there.
As frail and dying and Christian men, however,
we cannot think upon such distress without sym-
pathy and awe, nor without an involuntary appeal
to hnn who is the Father and Saviour of us all,
that he would spread the shelter of his wmg for the
poor sufferers who are weeping and bleeding under
the stroke of his powei.
To us who aie here, this lesson after lesson on
our own mortality is too solemn and too sacred to
be lost. If we are provident and wise, as we know
that we are immortal, let us take these lessons as
so many providences, mercifully and seasonably
sent for our good; and, flushed as we now are with
all the energies and hopes of life, be it our part to
seek for and to seize upon that hope, blessed above
every other—that hope "which travels through
nor quits us when we die;" which unites the last
throb of expiring natine with the first one of never-
ending juy.
"To man in thu, his trial state,
Tin' pjivifcgH is given,
When tossed tiy vvave< of human fate,
To anchor last on Heaven."
With these remarks, Mr. Speaker, I move the
resolutions which will be offeied by one of my
colleagues.
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of the
Hon. Isaac S. Pennybacker, a Senator in Con-
gress from the State of Virginia.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the members and officers
of this House will wear the usual badge of mourn-
ing for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House in
relation to the death of the lion. Isaac S. Penny-
backer, be communicated to the family of the de-
ceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That this House wifl attend the fune-
ral of the deceased in a body; and, as a further
mark of respect for his memory, that it do now
adjourn.
The resolutions were adopted, and the House
accordingly adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. HUNGERFORD: The petition of Augustus Ford,
praung for the refunding oi 1.% erroneously paid into
the tiea->ury.
By Mr. ASHMUN: The petition of the heirs of Jo-
seph Marguaid, deceased, late of Newburyport, Massachu-
setts, praj nig tho allowance ot p.ij ment of his shaie of the
forfeitures incut red in the sciztiic and condemnation o(
certain goods illegally imported duung the war with Great
Britain.
By Mr. DE MOTT: The petition of William Wickham,
of Sodus, New York, piaying to be indemnified for a dvvei-
hng-hou^e burnt by the Biiti^h troops m 1813. AM, the
petition of Jacob Kerr, of Seneca Falls, New Yoik, for
compensation for four revolutionary bounty land wauants
erroneously patented to another.
By Mi. J. A. ROCKWELL: The petition of sundiy citi-
zens of Thompson, Connecticut, ami Southbrtdge, Ma&'sa-
ehusetts, for the extension of the post-route from Providence,
Rhode Island, to Thompson, Connecticut; from said Thomp-
son, through the post villages of Fishcrville, New Boston,
Southbridge, Sturbridge, and Bainfield, to the Palmer depdt,
on the Boston and Albanj depdt.
By Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin : The petition of citizens
of Edwardsville, Wisconsin, prayins that preemption be
allowed them of the village lots on which they reside.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The claim of Robeit Abbott, for
depredations committed by the Potawauomie and Ottawa
Indians. Also, the claim of Conrad Ten Eyck, for allow-
ance at the treatv with the Potawattomie Indians.
By Mr. PILLSBURY: The memorial of volunteers in
Captain Gillespie's company of Texas, for losses, &c., m
the present war.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of certain citizens
of the District, in relation to the "Long Budge" across the
Potomac.
By Mr. JAMES BLACK : The petition of the President
and Professors of Dickinson College, asking a reduction of
the duties imposed by the tariff of 1846 on certain books.
By Mr. PERRILL: The papers in the ease of Gatdner
Herring, for an invalid pension. Also, the papers in the
case of James Coe, tor an invalid pension.
By Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN: The petition of Robert K.
Nevitt arid otheis, citizcns of Maryland and the District of
Columbia, for an act against obstructions m Potomac river
and the Eastern Branch.
By Mr.WINTHROP: The petition of Mrs. Sarah Chase,
of Somerset, Massachusetts, foi the payment of the French
indemnities. Also, the petition of John P. Andrews, of
Salem, Massachusetts, for the settlement of our difierences
with Mexico.
By Mr. JAMES B HUNT: The memorial of 136citizens
of the State ot Michigan, for the establishment of a post-
| route from Grand Blanc, by Long Lake and Linden, to Ar-
gentine, m the county ot Genesee and State of Michigan.
By Mr. GRINNELL: The remonstrance of R. R. Crocker
and 9j citizens of New Bedford, Massachusetts, against the
repeal of the pilot law of 1837. Also, the petition of citi-
zens of Erlgartown, for placing buoys in the harbor at that
place.
By Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of E. N. Vernon and
others, praying for indemnity tor Fiunch spoliations.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Reuben Taylor,
heir ot Ezekicl Taylor, of Chicago, in the State of Illinois,
pia>iug remuneiauou for sei vices rendered by said E^ekiel
Tayloi in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. WILLIAM W. CAMPBELL: The petition of
William Hogan, administrator, &,c., lor the payment of debt
due from United States.
By Mr. DOBBIN: The meinoual of Thomas D.Hogg, as
one ot the hens of John Hogg, prajing indemnification for
spoliations committed by France prior to 1800.
By Mr. J. H. CAMPBELL : The petition of sundry citi-
zens of the city and county of Philadelphia, prajing that a
portion of the public hinds may be appropuated for construct-
ing raihoade from the Atlantic riveis to the Mississippi, and
remonstrating against the fiee gift of the public domain.
By Mr. McCLEAN : The memorial of the President and
Faculty ol Pennsylvania College, lor the restoration of the
right to import books ami philosophical apparatus free of
duty which was taken away by the act of August, 1846.
Also, the petition of James Oldham, of the city of Baltimore,
a revolutionary soldier, for a pension. Also, the memorial
ofMrs. Silvan Causten, widow of Isaac Cau«ten, for indem-
nity for Frcnch spoliations prior to 1800. Also, the petition
of the clukhen of Mrs. Margaiet Henderson, of Carlisle,
I'enn., for arrears of pension due their mother.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 13, 1847.
The Senate met to-day for the purpose of pay-
ing the last tribute of respect to the remains of the
Hon. Isaac S. Pennybacker, late a Senator from
the State of Viiginia.
About twenty minutes to one o'clock the Presi-
dent of the United States and the members of the
Cabinet entered the Senate Chamber, and having
been received by Mr. Atchison, the President of
the Senate pro tem., were conducted to the seats
provided for them. Immediately afterwards, the
Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, attended by its
officers, the Diplomatic Corps, and Adjutant Gen-
eral Jones, the only representative of the army now
at the seat of Government, entered and took their
seats. Then came the coffin containing the re-
mains of the deceased, followed by the mourning
relatives, the Delegation from Virginia, and the
House of Representatives, attended by its officers.
The services were commenced by the Rev. Mr.
Sprole, Chaplain of the House of Representatives,
who read the 14th chapter of the book of Job; the
Rev. Mr. Slicer, Chaplain of the Senate, then offer-
ed up an appropriate prayer; and Rev. Mr. Sprole
preached the sermon, from Job xiv. 14: " If a
man die, shall he live again ?"
The remains of the deceased were removed to
the hearse, and conveyed to the place of interment,
(the Congressional Burying Ground,) the proces-
sion being formed before the eastern front of the
Capitol, and moving in the following order:
The Chaplains of both Houses.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of arrangements:
Mr. Sevier, Mr. Crittenden,
Mr. Mangum, Mr. Benton,
Mr. Breese, -Mr. "Webster.
Pall-bearers:
Mr. Evans,
Mr. Cass,
Mr. Huntington.
The family and friends of the deceased.
Mr. Butler,
Mr. Johnson, of Md.,
Mr. Rusk,
