1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1TI
The Senator and Representatives from the State of
Virginia, as mourners.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
Vice President or President of the Senate
pro tempore, and their Secretary.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the House of Representa-
tives.
The House of Representatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and its officers.
The Diplomatic Corps.
Judges of the United States.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers of the Army and Navy.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and strangers.
On the arrival of the procession at the burial
ground, the remains were temporarily placed in the
Congressional vault; the Rev. Mr. Sprole repeat-
ing a portion of the Methodist Episcopal burial
service.
After an absence of about an hour and a half,
the Senate returned to its Chamber*, and, on mo-
tion,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 13, 1847.
No business was transacted this day, the House
having, immediatclay after the reading of the Jour-
nal, adjourned to the Senate Chamber to attend
the funeral of the late Senator Pennybacker.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Januanj 14, 1847.
The Vice President, havingrecovered fromhis
recent slight indisposition, resumed the chair this
morning.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by the hands of his Private Sec-
retary, informing the Senate that he had approved
and signed "An act to encourage enlistments in the
regular army."
Also, several messages in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting a list of all persons employed in the In-
dian Department, with their compensation, for the
year 1846; which was ordered to be printed.
petitions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of Ja-
cob Latting, praying indemnityfor French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was referred to the
select committee on that subject.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of the Seneca
Indians residing upon theTonawanda reservation,
in the State of New York, praying that they may
be exempted from the operation of the treaties of
January 15, 1838, and May 20, 3842, between the
United States and the Seneca Indians; which was
referred to the Committee oil Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of Rodolphine Claxton, widow of Alexan-
der Claxton, deceased, an officer of the navy of the
United States, praying a renewal of her pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the memorial of the administrator of Hugh
Thompson, deceased, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee on that subject.
re-solutions.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate such correspondence
with, and reports of, officers of the army or agents
of the Government, on file in any branch of his
department, as may alford information as to the
agreementwith theSeminolelndians yetin Florida,
under which they are permitted to remain in said
State, and as to the numbers and condition of such
Indians; and likewise any information in his de-
partment in relation to the practicability of re-
moving said Indians west, and of the best means
of eifecting such removal.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolutions; which were considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to the Senate all such surveys as may here-
tofore have been made under the authority of the
United States, of the private land claims at the
Sault de Ste. Marie; and also of such reservations
for military purposes as may have been made by
the President of the United States at said Sault de
Ste. Marie, in the State of Michigan, showing the
connexion of the same with said private land
claims.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to the Senate all such surveys (or maps
thereof) as may heretofore have been made of the
private land claims in the lower peninsula of Mich-
igan, &c., showing their connexion with the gen-
eral surveys of the public lands, and especially the
surveys thereof of "Greely and of Fletcher," and
such as may have been made m the county of
Michilimackinac.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted the following res-
olution; which was, on his motion, referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War^be directed
to furnish, on a rcduced scale, a copy of the late
survey of the harbor of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, by the corps of Topographical Engineers,
and a copy of the report of the survey.
private bills.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of John P.
Baldwin, the suieties of William Estis, and of
Daniel Homans.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of William E. Davis and Mary Ann
his wife.
Also, a bill for the relief of Hobson Johns.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
W. Bell, a native of the Cherokee nation.
Mr. J., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of Benjamin Craw-
ford.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the bill to com-
promise the claims of the heirs of John Smith, T.,
under a Spanish grant, reported the same back,
without amendment.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the settle-
ment of the claim of Walter R.Johnson against the
United States.
Mr. CAMERON, from the same committee,
reported a bill foi the relief of the heirs of John
Paul Jones.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Milledge i
Golphin, executor of the last will and testament of
George Golphin, deceased.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill from
the House for the relief of Dr. Clark Lilly bridge,
reported the same back without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, fiom the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported a bill authorizing the
payment of a sum of money to Robert Purkis.
Also, a bill for the relief of Erskine & Eichel-
berger.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, (on leave,) in-
troduced a bill for the relief of the estates of Ben-
jamin Metoyer and Francois Gaiennie, deceased;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com- 1
mittee on the Judiciary. j
Mr. J. also, (on leave,) introduced a bill for the j
relief of the Red River Railroad Company; which ;
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on j
Commerce. j
reports of committees. j
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In- !
dian Affairs, to which was referred the bill autho- !
rizing persons to whom reservations of land have j
been made under Indian treaties to alienate the
same in fee, reported the same back without \
amendment.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the ap-
pointment of an additional number of assistant
surgeons in the navy.
Also, a bill limiting the operation of the act, of
4th March, 1842, making appropriations for the
naval service of the year 1842.
Mr. CAMERON, from the same committee,
reported a bill to provide for the construction of
floating dry-docks at Philadelphia, and Port#-
mouth, New Hampshire.
increase op the army.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the bill, from the House, to raise
for a limited time an additional military force, and
for other purposes, with an amendment.
Mr. B. stated that he was instructed by the
committee to ask the Senate to take up the bill for
consideration now.
No objection being made, and the amendment of
the committee having been read, as follows:
" Provided, also, That one or more of the regiments of in-
fantry authorized to be raised by this section, may, at the
disci ction of the Pi evident, be organized and equipped as
voltigeurs and as foot uffcmen, and be provided with a rocket
and mountain howitzer battery:"
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
committee of the whole.
Mr. CR1T1 ENDLN. Is this the bill from the
House, or the Senate bill?
The CHAIR. It is the bill from the House.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON called for the rCading of the
bill.
The bill having been rend,
Mr. CAMERON submitted the followingas an
additional section Jo the bill:
"And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be directed to issue a warrant for a half section of land
to every officer, non-commissioned officer, musician, and
private, who shall serve in the aimv of the United States
during the present war with Mexico, or shall volunteer and
enlist to servo during the war, and shall be honorably d)s~
ehaiged before ite termination ; the said land wan ants to be
located upon anv land belonging to the United States that
may be subject to puvate entry."
Mr. BENTON said he thought this bill ought
to be allowed to pass without being embarrassed
with any extrinsic matter. The committee desired
the passage of the bill without delay. The amend-
ment introduced a subject not necessarily connected
with this bill. He hoped the Senator would offer
his proposition at some other time, and not retard
the passage of this bill by offering it now.
Mr. CAMERON said he could not consent to
withdraw his amendment. He did not regard it
as embracing any extrinsic matter; but, on the con-
trary, entirely appropriate to the bill. He was
desirous that those of our fellow-citizens who in-
tended to join the army might know what they had
to expect. The soldier who fought the battles of his
country was deserving of reward, and, as this Gov-
ernment possessed abundance of lands, he thought
110 better disposition could be made of a portion of
them than in rewarding the bravery and patriotism
of the soldieis. He had the honor of calling the
attention of the Senate to this subject in the early
part of the session. He had submitted a resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs; but no report had as yet been made upon
it. And if he did not press the subject now, in
connexion with that bill, he was afraid the poor
soldiers would get nothing more for their services
than the mere pay and rations allowed them by
law. They had plenty of land to spare, and the
brave soldiers well descried and well earned the
bounty he proposed to give them. He did not
believe that any one could seriously object to a
proposition so manifestly just, and he was sure it
would meet a hearty response in the other Cham-
ber.
Mr. BENTON remarked that this was a bill -
which had passed through the House of Repre-
sentatives for the express purpose of raising an
additional force which it was requisite should be
immediately employed in the prosecution of the
present war. The proposition of the Senator was
one which would require mature deliberation in
order to make it effective, and should therefore
form a separate and distinct, enactment.
Mr. CAMERON said this was a bill to raise
men for the army; and as he knew he should have
no better opportunity of effecting his object, and
no more appropriate bill to which it could be at-
tached, he must persist in pressing his amend-
ment.
Mr. WESTCOTT suggested to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that it would be better to make the
