1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
178
it must be very evident, he believed, not that the
honorable Senator's amendment was crude and
undigested, (for he would not use that exception-
able phrase,) but that it required modification cer-
tainly, and that it could not properly, in its present
state, be discussed and determined. He was anx-
ious to vote for such a proposition, provided it
should receive a proper modification.
Mr. PHELPS said he agreed with the Senator
from North Carolina that this proposition would
probably receive the favorable consideration of the
Senate, but he saw no necessity for arresting the
passage of the bill for the purpose of incorporating
this amendment. The proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, was not confined to the troops
to be raised under the authority of this act. It
contemplated an inducement to all to enter into the
service of the United States. He could not see
the necessity of attaching it to this bill. The Sen-
ator could attain his object by calling the attention
of the Committee on Military Affairs to this sub-
ject, and that committee might report a distinct
and independent act upon it.
Mr. SEVIER said it was some time since he
had examined into the system in regard to bounty
lands; lut he happened to live in that section of
the country where a hirgc portion of those lauds
had been assigned. He knew, therefore, the effcct
of the system ; large tracts of country were still un-
settled—in fact, the best portion of the State was
unsettled in consequence. While he was in favor
of the general proposition submitted by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, his impression was, that the
amendment was not sufficiently guarded; nor was
he prepared to propose the proper modifications,
without first examining the old laws upon the sub-
ject. He would venture to say, that the soldiers
of the last wat did nor, on an average, get ten dol-
lars each for the patent grants. These bounty
lands were altogether deceptive; more good would
be done to the soldier by giving him fifty dollars,
than by making him a grant of land, especially
when it was proposed to restrict the location of
this bounty land to such as had been for a number
of years in the market, and no one had bid for it.
This was not all; the amendment had reference to
those who served m the war with Mexico, while
there were numbers of troops from his own State
serving in garusons upon the frontier, protecting
the settlements against the Indians, and they weie
entirely omitted. He hoped his honorable friend
would agree to allow this matter to be passed by
for the preseni, and be brought m separately, prop-
erly guarded, and he would be ready to vote for
it; otherwise he could not. Let it embrace all the
troops in the service of the United States.
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON said he should sus-
tain this amendment. While graduation bills and
preemption bills, and other projects forgivingaway
and bieaking up the public domain were in vogue,
while the land was going, he piefened to see it
given to the citizen soldiers and the regular soldiers
of the United States army; he preferred giving the
lands to the soldiers as an inducement to light the
battles of the country, rather than give them to the
paupers of Europe. It was true, the proposition
of the honorable Senator was not so perfect as he
could desire, but it was a near approximation
to the object which they both had m view. He
had no apprehension that the lands would fall into
the hands of speculators and brokers. Whenever
any claims had been discussed, the same objections
had been urged. Gieat anxiety had always been
expressed on behalf of those for whom the boun-
ties were designed. He could readily understand,
that under the o'her system of giving away lauds,
speculators might derive as great benefits as the
grantees themselves. He preferred, therefore, that
the land should be given to the soldiers.
Mr. BREESE said lie did not propose to discuss
the policy of giving these bounties. He was m
favor of them. He believed that the recipients
had been benefited by them, many of them having
settled on their lands, and become independent
farmers. But, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
seemed determined to press his amendment to a
vote, he wished to place himself rectus in curia on
the proposition, as he should vote against it as
an amendment to this bill, which the chairman on
Military Affairs had told us was necessary to be
passed immediately, such were the exigencies of
the public service. Mr. B. said he was in favor
of granting bounty lands to the volunteers who
had served, and who should hereafter serve, in this
war, and to the heirs of those who had died*in the
service. His State had at first more than three
thousand men in the field (four regiments)—a
greater force than any other State in the Union—all
volunteers for one year, many of whom had died;
and yet this amendment makes no provision for any
one of them, living or dead. But the Senator ask-
ed why we, who are in favor of the general objcct
of the bill, do not submit amendments to meet the
cases. The answer was, that the Senators did not
assemble this morning in the expectation that this
proposition would come up before them, and were
not, therefore, prepared with amendments. A bill
to be adequate to the object sought, requires care
in its preparation. There must be a system estab-
lished. The Senator from Delaware had said that
he would prefer giving the lands to the soldiers
rather than to the paupers of Europe, which was
the design of the graduation and preemption laws,
so zealously pressed upon Congress, by which the
public domain was to be wasted. Mr. B. said the
Senator did not seem to be aware that this much- |j
abused and condemned preemption system had ||
been the means of convening our public domain j,
into gold, filling our treasury to repletion, and from ,i
which we had already realized more than sixty],
millions of dollars. The preemptors were the \ \
pioneers of settlement and cultivation; they sub-j
ducd the forest, and opened the wilderness to sale; j
and it had been always the policy of the Gov- j
eminent to encourage them. As to the graduating !
the price of the lands, Mr. B. thought with the i
Secretary of the Treasury, that such a measure i
would increase our revenue from that source, five j
hundred thousand or a million of dollars annually.
It was not a system of waste, but of supply.
Although m favor of the objects of the amend-
ment, Mr. B. could not, as at present advised, vote
for it now, as it required many amendments to make
it answer the purpose designed, and which cannot
be made in a hurry.
Mr. CHALMERS said he approved entirely of
the principle, but he felt constrained, for the same
! reason as that assigned by the Senator from Ar- '
kansas, to vote against the picsent proposition, un- ■
less it should he made to include all the volunteers j
engaged in the Mexican war. For this reason he ]
should move to amend the amendment by inserting |
the words " twelve months, or during the war." [
Mr. BADGER- said he was desirous that the >
plan embiaced m the proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania should be matured and annex-
ed to this bill in such a manner as not to run the
hazard of producing incon venience; and, inasmuch
as it seemed to him that a little reflection would
enable them to make such amendments as would
probably meet the approbation of all, and remove
the objection which appeared to be a stumbling-
block/he would move that the bill be laid upon the
table, with the understanding that it be called up
to-morrow. If his proposition could be made to
include all those who ought to be the objects of the
bounty of this Government, lie was himself per-
fectly willing to vote for it as a part of this bill, and
to leave to subsequent arrangement to guard
against fraud. He moved, therefore, the bill be
laid upon the table, to be taken up to-morrow.
Mr. SPEIGHT asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BADGER then withdrew the motion.
Mr. COilWIN said lie felt somewhat solicitous ]
that this measure, in some form or other, at some j
time or other, should be passed into a law; and he j
thought that if gentlemen would give it some attcn- i
| tion, they would find it not so very imperfect: j
i they would find that it steered clear entirely of all j
! those formidable objections, m regard to the sys-
! tem of bounty lands, as developed in practice here-
| to fore. The reason why thosi particular sections
! of country where those bounty lands were to be
i located had been overlooked, could not possibly
, apply to the lands now proposed to be granted by
i the Senator from Pennsylvania. The lauds m
! those particular mtances, and m all the laws, he
j believed, which were passed for the inhsiment of
I soldiers in the war of 1812, were to be located m a
!i particular place: the result was, that no one who
I', did not choosc to make that place his rcsidencc
I would purchase them. The prices sunk, there-
! fore, to about twenty dollars for each grant. This
1 aiose from the system of location adopted by the
i Government. But this was not the case here.
I These were to be located in any place where there
I were lands subject to private entry, and that would
I comprehend a district large enough to furnish a
wide range for choice. The result of the passage
of this amendment, then, would be simply this :
that every soldier who should be honorably dis-
charged, or having served during the war, or vol-
unteered for twelve months, would, at the end of
his term of service, be entitled to so much scrip as
would purchase one hundred and sixty acres of
land. It was a proposition to grant to every sol-
dier who actually served, and to the heirs of every
soldier who died in service, an amount equal to
$200, which should pass current in any land office
for the purchase of land, instead of paying them in
advance: it was paying him at the end of his ser-
vice this amount. He himself would have no hesi-
tation in voting for such a proposition. A soldier'**
service was the hardest that any patriot could be
called upon to perform, and he thought that they
were entitled to receive at the hands of the Gov-
ernment this much at least. He did not like pro-
crastinating this subject until this bill should be
passed. lie saw no objection to its being incor-
porated in it. Would the passage of that bill alone
bring the men into the field ? The army was not
half full: would that supply the deficiency? Why,
if the thing were suggested in any other place, it
would be called a palpable absurdity. If this bill
were to pass, to what family of legislation would
it belong? It was the very bill to which such a
provision as that proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania properly belonged.
Mr. CRITTENDEN concurred mainly with the
Senator from Ohio, but still theie was one difficul-
ty under which he labored, and which he thought
would operate on that Senator Vmind: it was, that
if we are to grant scrip to the value of two hun-
dred dollars—[a Senator: four hundred]—it would
be beyond the power of any one of them to know
how much land two hundred dollars would buy,
under the felicitous operation of the graduation
laws now in operation and contemplation. He
deshed to give to the soldiers a bounty, and would
vote freely to give a substantial bounty to the sol-
diers who are periling their lives in tne service of
their country; but he would like to know fm,t a
little about what it was to be; he desired to know
exactly what lie was, or what he professed, to give.
Mr. C. concurred, too, with the Senator from Del-
aware, and would much rather make a disposition
of the public domain in favor of our soldiers than
subject it to the disposition which seemed likely to
be made of it by the policy which gentlemen on
the other side were day by day pressing upon them
respecting it. It appeared, however, that gentle-
men were apprehensive, if it were given to the
soldiers, that they would squander it as they did
in iSH-'liv-'lG, for five, ten, or twenty dollars
a tract. Now, were they not doing, or striving
to do, exactly what they were so sensitively ap-
prehensive the soldiers would do? He had shown
them in the course of the last year, that they had
one hundred and forty millions of acres of land in
the market, and to the whole of that they were
applyingsuccessivegraduations of price. If, then,
the soldier should sell at prices compared with
those to which it was proposed to reduce the public
lands, and he got hut twenty dollars in 1817,1818,
and 1819 for the land given him, what would ho
get in 1848, 1849, and 1850. for one hundred and
sixty acres of land which they mightnow grant him?
Why, there would be scarcely enough to repair
his old clothes. He (Mr. C.) was, therefore,
familiarized as he had been with the policy of the
gentlemen opposite in relation to the public lands,
glad to get any opportunity of making a merito-
rious disposition of them: and he thought it would
be a meritorious disposition of them to give them
j to the soldiers. He was in favor of giving the
soldiers scrip receivable in payment for the public
1 land, and that, fixed at the present prices, he hoped
|j would be useful, not only to the soldiers, but in
\\ stemming the downward current of the public land
as it was now running.
• I But Mr. C. had another objection'to this amend-
:! ment: that it was now impossible to digest all its
necessary details. He admitted that there was
i1 great difficulty in doinj: so, and therefore it occur-
! red to him that, instead of attempting to make a
;! specific and final provision on this subject, they
!> should make a pledge—insert a single provision
I now, and give a pledge—that they would hereafter,
j! by law, makeprovisionfortlii* thing. That would
[I accomplish the purpose, and leave them ample
j! time and opportunity, now or at the next session
lj of Congress, to mature the necessary measure.
