174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
He had prepared a proposition, which he desired
to submit to the consideration of the Senate at a
future time. A provision of this sort would be
equivalent to the grant itself, and would leave them
time for deliberate legislation.
Several Senators: Let it lie over until to-mor-
row.
Mr. BENTON was opposed to such a sweeping
system; the credit system had gone far enough
already. The proposition now submitted, was to
issue the scrip of the Government as bounties to
soldiers, promising to give them land hereafter;
but at what day they did not say. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky was nothing
more nor less than a promise to pay at some after
time, without fixing that time. It was a new and
vast extension of the credit system, and in cases
in which the persons to whom the scrip would be
given would have no power to recover its value, as
the Government could not he sued.
Bat this question was now in the hands of a
committee. He did not know what might be go-
ing on in the other House, though he believed that
House had the subject under consideration by com-
mittees; but he knew of one committee charged
with this subject, and to act here now, as was pro-
posed—this pledge to actinfuturo—would, in effect,
be to discharge those committees from further action
upon it; so that, instead of acting upon it at an
early day, it would be an indefinite postponement
of the subject. If the Senator from Pennsylvania
would not withdraw his amendment, he hoped it
would be rejected.
Let this bill go free. It had already been delayed
several days by a calamitous event, and should not
now be encumbered with a proposition which lays
open the whole subject of the Government policy
in relation to the public lands. It was brought in
as antagonistic to the graduation bill. They were j
to change the policy which had always been adopt- j
eel, that of giving land to the soldier, to inure to j
his benefit, <and to the benefitof his widow and chil- i
dren after he was gone, and it was to be changed j
into scrip, to be received in payment for public
lands, and not merely $200, but $400 to every
individual. Now, he thought the Committee on
Finance, and the gentlemen who support the grad-
uation system, must all oppose this amendment,
as it was antagonistic of the graduation principle.
He saw his friend from Alabama, [Mr. Lewis,]
who had charge of the subject of finance, was using
his pen; probably he was calculating how he was
to supply the deficiency of the twenty millions thus
to be diverted fiom the treasury. Atr the com-
mencement of the present session, he had under-
stood that 300,000 men had volunteered for the
war; and this amendment proposed to give the land
to all who "volunteer," without stipulating that
they should actually enter the service. The bounty
proposed to be given would, he apprehended, divert
$*20,000,000 from the treasury.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator suspend
his remarks that the Senate may leceive a message
from the House of Representatives ?
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sii, forever, as far as this
matter is concerned.
B. B. French, Esq., Clerk of the House of
Representatives, then delivered to the Senate sever-
al bills from the House of Representatives.
Mr. SEVIER said that the Senator from Ohio
had intimated that he did not understand this
amendment, and now he was led to admit that he
had not understood it. He had no idea that while
they were professing to make this a bounty land
hill that it was to be a scrip bill. They were taking
fifty thousand men to the war with Mexico; and
supposing he allowed that the minimum price of the
public lands should be the basis of the calculation,
the scrip to be issued would amount to ^20,000,000,
if the war was to be of long duration, and we were
but entering upon it, and this was to be taken
at the land offices! of the United States in payment
for public lands: consequently, within the next five
or six years from that source the Government
would not receive a dollar. Now, if they pro-
posed to give $400 to the soldier as a bounty, in
addition to his monthly pay, they had better at
once give him the money. [A Senator corrected
Mr. S., and stated the sum to be but half the
amount he had named.] Well, then, it was ten
millions of money—which was a low estimate—
that would be taken from the public land revenue,
and thus for five years they would deprive the
Government of a most important source of reve-
nue—and to go into whose pocket? His friend
from Delaware said the soldiers would look out
for themselves. Such had not been the result
heretofore, and therefore he should vote to prevent
the recurrence of that system which had heretofore
prevailed. They found in every graduation bill
their friends opposite providing a great many re-
strictions, by way of provisoes, to prevent specu-
lators getting the lands, and if this bill was calcu-
lated, as it was described to be, to put these lands
in the hands of speculators, he supposed they
would have no objection to join with him in
placing such restrictions in it as would guard
against such a result. If, however, the soldiers
were to have scrip for $200, receivable in the pay-
ment for lands, it would devolve the duty on the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Lewis,] as chairman
of the Finance Committee, to consider and discover
by what other means a sufficient revenue could be
raised for the Government to supply the loss of the
land sales to the treasury. But, really, while they
so often heard from the other side of that Chamber
cries that the treasury was m a state of bankrupt-
cy, it was surprising that it should be proposed to
take from the Government so great a source of
revenue as the public lands. If, however, the sum
of §200 was to be given to the soldier, it would be
better that he should have it for his immediate ben-
efit, in the shape of two or three dollars a month,
to add to his comforts as he went along.
But again, it was not alone the soldiers engaged
in the Mexican war, whether regulars or volun-
teers, that would be entitled to this bounty, but
the soldiers on the frontier—the soldiers engaged
m preventing Indian aggressions—the soldiers m
California, or wherever else they might be, to
whom, as his friend opposite said, they were to
give a pledge, the extent of which they could not
foresee. They had already thirty thousand troops
m the field, and now they proposed to raise ten
thousand more, and he supposed that this would !
not be near enough. And yet this plan was pro-
posed, not knowing how far it would reach, or :
what would be its effect on the treasury, and at a I
time too when the Government was pressed to
meet the expenses already incurred. He thought
the Committee on Finance should cipher this out
in the committee room, where it could be better
done than here at their desks, before they made a
44 pledge," the effect of which they could not fore-
see. In fact, he understood it had been referred
to a committee already—that it was now before a
committee, who in due time would bring in a bill
to carry out the object contemplated, and they had
better wait for the committee s report. For him-
self, he was disposed to give the public lands to
anybody that would take and cultivate them.
While they were held up by the Government they
would afford no revenue, and they prevented the
country being settled. But he would not now talk
about the graduation of the price of the public
lands. He had done that before. The question
before them, however, was worthy of an hour's
reflection by learned gentlemen in the committee
room. He hoped, then, that the Senate would not
adopt this amendment now, but that it would be
brought in in the shape of an independent proposi-
tion, and he would vote as much as that Senator
who voted the farthest.
Mr. BADGER was sorry to hear from the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,] whose oppor-
tunities were so good for forming a correct opinion
on such a subject, that we were but at the begin-
ning of the war. He should have been glad to
have received an assurance from some gentleman
on the other side of the Chamber, that there was
some prospect of a termination of the war within
a reasonable time; but if the war be but just
beoun—if vve see in the dim and distant future,
after a year spent in war, nothing but hostilities
before us—if we are to call upon American citi-
zens to enlist m the army for the prosecution of
this indefinite war—to enlist not merely for a cer-
tain period, but during the existence of the war—
if at the same time wc are turning to our patriotic
fellow-citizens and calling upon them to volunteer,
not for one year merely, but calling upon them to
leave their wives and their homes and surrender
their domestic comforts for the conflict of battle,
and to hazard a destructive climate, and not for a
short period, but for a war which has but just
I begun—he asked if it was not important that they
I should throw out strong inducements to the people
f to peril their happiness, their persons, and their
lives. He saw in this very circumstance strong
reasons why this bill should not be passed with-
out a distinctive "pledge" of future bounty on
the part of the Government to induce men,
whether as volunteers or regular soldiers, to make
these sacrifices. He was not for separating this
amendment from this bill. He desired that every
man should see on the face of the law under which
the Government required the sacrifice from him,
the bounty at which the country estimates his
service. The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Se-
vier] thought it was better to add a dollar or two
to the monthly pay. Well, if such were to be
the character of the war which he had described,
he would give that and the bounty land besides.
He was not one that was* ready to call upon their
fellow-citizens to volunteer and sacrifice their com-
forts and lives, without extending to them the ut-
most indemnity which the wealth of the country
could afford. Believing it better to afford an
opportunity for a little correction of the details of
the amendment proposed, believing that every-
thing that was necessary could be done between
this time and the meeting of the Senate to-morrow,
and believing that there would be no actual neces-
sity to refer it to a committee, he renewed the mo-
tion which he had heretofore withdrawn, to lay
the whole subject on the table, with the under-
standing that it should be taken up to-morrow and
disposed of.
Mr. SEVIER. I ask the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER, at the solicitation of friends
around him, changed his motion to one of post-
ponement of the further consideration of the bill
until to-morrow.
The postponement was agreed to—yeas 25, nays
23—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Beitien, Butler, Cilley,
Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin. Crittenden,
Evans, Gicone, Houston, Huntington, Jaina^ni, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum. Miller, Mor*-
head, Pierce, Phelps, Simmons, Uph.im, We&teott, aiul
Woodbridgc—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chal-
mers, Dickinson,Dix,Fairfield, Lewis, Nilos, Rusk, Sevier,
Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—23.
^So the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN said he had the honor of introdu-
cing certain resolutions the other day, of which he
now called for the consideration.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That, with a view to a speedy and
honorable peace, the war with Mexico ought to be
prosecuted with increased energy and expedition;
and to that end—
Resolved, That additional regiments of volun-
teers ought immediately to be called into the field.
Resolved, That a portion of the national domain
ought to be set apart as an additional reward to
the officers and soldiers who shall have served in
the war, and to the widows, heirs, and legal repre-
sentatives, of those who shall have lost their lives
in this service.
Resolved, That the residue of the national do-
main, and the proceeds of the sales thereof, ought
to be pledged for the payment of the public debt
and the interest thereon, which may be incurred
in the prosecution of the war—the Government
retaining, as heretofore, the right to grant preemp-
tions, graduate the prices, and make the usual
grants of such domain to particular States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Committee on Finance be instructed
i to report bills appropriate to effect these objects./
I Mr. HUNTINGTON. Have they been printed?
| Mr. BERRIEN. I hope they will be suffered
i to lie on the table.
| Mr. HUNTINGTON. I suggest to the Seno-
j tor from Ohio to postpone the consideration of his
resolutions until they can be printed. They have
not yet been printed, or, if they have, I have not
seen them.
Mi. ALLEN. I will move,then,to make them
the special order for Monday next. [" Agreed,
agreed."]
The resolutions were made the special order for
Monday next accordingly.
LAND BILL.
Mr. BREESE said the bill to reduce and gradu-
ate the price of the public lands was made the
special order for Monday last, but in cowsequence
