THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
reason, and with perfidious views on the part of that Govern-
ment, which a-pires to overthrow the independence which
we acquired at the cost of so much blood.
" Of all these evils and ol many more sacrifices which
have been made, and are still making, by the people to
recover the tenitory of Texas, and that newly occupied,
preceding Administrations aie the cause, and more particu-
larly that of the 6th of December, 18-14, which, forgetting
its pledges to the nation, confided its arms to a disloyal gen-
eral, who planned t'lc mm of our institutions before march-
ing to the frontier to punish, as he was ordered, our inva-
ders. To this Administration, we repeat, the country owes
the state in which it now finds itself with our perfidious
neighbor; and it i^ responsible for the manner in which our
diplomatic relations with that power now remain.
" The negotiations which tlw minister, Ctievas, com-
menced with the Government of the United State?-, to ter-
minate the Texas question in an amicable manner, gave
reason to the Cabinet of that republic to believe that Mevico
was feeble, and that they could iemain with impumtv in
the possession of our territories a-j soon a-> a part of their
army should present itself on tin* «*ide of the Imp that
divides the two teriitories. All that ha- happened, the
periodical press, as the mo^tsure oigan of public opinion,
foretold*, and it reproved seveivlv th<« conduct observed l>>
the Cabinet of that period lor admitting an Envoj of the
Government of the United States, who cain^ empovveivd
to arrange our difference with the Anglo-Saxon peacefully.
This same opinion was manifested hy the nrmv of npeia-
tions, which, under the orders, of Geneial Paiedes, wns in
his capital; and there is no doubt thatthe nation lepudiates
all accommodation with the American Government
"The best proof winch can be given of tins fact is, that
now when wc enjoy liberty, that the nation sees itself gov-
erned by the Constitution of 18.14, and that it has a govern-
ment of its own, since it is eminently popular, citizens of
ail classes present themselves full of enthusiasm to offer
their seivices to make warupoii the unjust invader. In all
paits they are contending and disputing the picfcrence to
march, and anxiously await t'-fp flay of battle to avenge the
blood of their brethren, shed on the field? ot Palo Alto, Re-
saca, and Monterev.
"NO ACCOMMODATION, cry the people: No meas-
ures oj pacification while thfese rapacious invaders remain
in our territory. These are the sentiments of our army and !
of the people, of our ILLUSTRIOUS CHIEF, and these
will be also the f«ehngs of the sovereign e.\traordinary Con-
gress, provided its deliberations are governed hy oledicnce to
the popular will."
As I have already said, this article is from a
paper published at San Luis Potosi, and it may be
regarded as the organ of Santa Ana, and as speak-
ing his sentiments. The aitide wan put forth on
the 13th of November, about three weeks before
the Congress met. It seems, on its face, designed
to forestall the deliberations of Congress. It leaves
no field for discussion. " No accommodation" is
the command of Santa Ana, at the head of 15,000
or 20,000 men. What are we to infer? That, as
war will continue him in command of the army, he
is unwilling to terminate it? It would certainly
seem so; and yet this bold language may be a mere
stroke of diplomacy. While assuming an attitude
of uncompromising hostility to us, and before his
countrymen, it may be that he is secretly in favor
of peace. But there is enough, it appears to me,
in both manifestoes to counsel us to continue our
preparations, and to pursue the war with vigor,
standing ready to terminate the contest on just and
liberal terms, whenever Mexico shall listen to our
overtures.
I have but one word more to say in support of
the bill. The President has asked the appointment
of a commander of the armies in Mexico, with an
increased rank. He believes it to be essential to
the proper organization and movement of thearmy.
He believes the success of our military operations
may depend on it. Sir, when the public honor
and reputation are at stake, I am willing to extend
to the Executive, on whom rests the whole respon- i
sibility of bringing the war to an honorable termi- j
nation, any reasonable aid he requires. If we j
deny him the means he asks, and there shall be ]
any failure in the enterprises set on foot, the re- I
sponsibihty will rest, not on him, but on us. ;
While I am never in favor of enlarging unduly the \
sphere of executive patronage or power, I am in [
favor of extending to the President, within the ■
sphere of his existing powers, the fullest command .
of means. It is a necessary incident to the conduct ■
of war to invest him, in this respect, with a large '
discretion. Be it for good or for evil, we must give !
him our confidence. It is always possible an Ex- 1
ecutive may not respond to it as we think he ought.
But it is quite clear that he cannot without it hope
for a successful execution of his plans. With
these impressions, I shall vote for the men and
12
MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1847.
means which may be asked to carry on the war
with vigor. 1 shall vote for such an organization
of the army as is deemed necessary to give it the
greatest efficiency, so long as I see no salutary
principle violated. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] expressed the same
determination in respect to men and means at a
late meeting of the Senate. Sir, no one appieciates
the patriotism of that honorable Senator better than
myself; and 1 sincerely wish the confidence in the
Executive, which this determination implies, could
consistently with his views of duty, be carried a
little farther—that while giving to the Executive
! all the men and money asked for, he could also
I vote for such an organization of the army as is
j deemed necessary to a vigorous prosecution of
. the war; for means and men avail little without
the energy—moral and physical—of an efficient
organization. For myself, I perceive nothing ob-
jectionable in the measure pioposed. On the con-
trary, I can readily conceive it to be essential to
the successful prosecution of our military opera-
tions in Mexico. 1 believe it to be necessary to
| a proper organization of the army: and I sustain
it with cheerfulness, as a measure which is deemed
necessary by the Administration to sustain the
honor of the country and to insure the success of
its arms.
Mr. BADGER said lie had the honor of serv-
ing on the Military Committee; and when this
bill was under consideration iu that committee, in j
the absence of the chairman, [Mr. Benton-,] its
members found themseles equally divided. He j
and the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten- j
den] were opposed to the plan of creating the of- 1
fice of lieutenant general; while the other two j
members of the committee (Messrs. Dix and!
Houston] were in favor of it. His friend fiom ,
Kentucky and himself, however, felt bound in ;
courtesy to permit the bill to be reported, as the I
two gentlemen who were in favor of it undoubt- j
edly represented a majority of the committee, and t
the majority on this floor; still he felt bound to ,
state his reasons for opposing it. He wished, in :
his own behalf, (and perhaps he might say on be-
half of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,) to ;
state to the Senate briefly, but yet somewhat more ;
in detail than the short summary given by his !
honorable friend, the reasons which induced him !
and his colleague [Mr. Crittenden] in committee, \
and which would induce him now, and he sup-!
posed he might say still influenced his colleague, ■
to refuse, from considerations of public duty, to j
yield their assent to the establishment of the office j
which the President asked. It was, however, j
now past three o'clock, the usual hour of adjourn- '
ment; he would therefore, with the approbation of j
the Senate, ask for an opportunity to assign his j
reasons to-morrow; and he now moved that the i
Senate do adjourn. !
The motion was agreed to. 1
The Senate adjourned accordingly. |
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. I
Thursday, January 14, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the business first
in order the bill to establish a Territorial Govern-
ment in Oregon; but, before proceeding to the con-
sideration thereof, he would ask leave to lay before
the House the several following communications;
which were read and laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed, viz:
I. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the House of Representatives of the 7th
instant, statements of the amount of the public
moneys in the several depositories of the Govern-
ment; also, the reason why the usual monthly
statement of the Treasurer of the United States in
relation thereto for the month of December last had
not been published.
II. A communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, transmitting, in obedience to the 11th section
of the act of the 26th August, 1842, a list of the
clerks and other persons employed in the Post Of-
New Series No. IS.
! fice Department during the'year ending the 31st
j December, 1846, together with his opinion as to
I their employment, and change of the same.
[ HI. A communication from the Secretary of
■ War, transmitting, in compliance with a resoiu-
• tion of the House of the 2d instant, a report of
| what military forces are at present on the frontiers
| of Iowa and Wisconsin, and of the cause of dis-
j banding the late company of mounted volunteers
1 stationed at Fort Atkinson.
IV. A communication from the Secretary of
|j War, transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
ii of the House of the 2d instant, a report of the
ji amount of money heretofore expended in the im-
!| provement of the Dcs Moines and Rock river
l; rapids of the Upper Mississippi.
i \r. A communication from the Secretary of War,
i; transmitting, in obedience to the act of June 30th,
1834, a list, of all persons employed m the Indian
ii department duiing the year 184G.
; vi. A communication from the Secretary of
• State, transmitting, in obcdience to the act of the
J; 20th of April, 1818, and the eleventh section of the
ji act of the 26th August, 1842, a list of clerks and
!i other persons employed in the Department of State
ji during the year J846, together with his opinion as
jl to the employment of the same, and whether any
'j of them can be dispensed with.
j! VII. A communication from the Commissioner
;j of tiie Public Buildings, transmitting a report of
1! the manner in which all appropriations for the
!! public buildings and grounds for the past year
; have been applied, &c.
[ Mr. PILLSBURY gave notice that, at mi early
i flay, he would ask leave to introduce a hill to au~
' thonze the establishment of additional mail routes
i in the State of Texas.
i Mr. HAMLIN asked and obtained leave to
! correct certain remarks of his as repoited in the
i Intelligencer of the 13th instant. That paper said:
| " Mi. 11 vmus vu-hed to add to the amendment a proviso
| in the following woids:
'-Provided. Nothing herein contained on tho subject ol
' Uaveiy '-hall be ton-titied intending to interfere m any-
; wise w itii the provisions or spiut ol the M>soun eompro-
; inise.'"
| Mr. H. said de did not oiler, nor was he in favor
[ of any such amendment. His remarks, which
j were quite correctly reported, would plainly show
he could not favor such an amendment. It was
i true that he called upon the Clerk to read the
1 amendment, which lie did; vet his attention was
; called off at the time the Clerk was reading the
, amendment, and his (Mr. H.'s) impression was
j that the amendment simply prohibited slavery in
j the Territory of Oregon, and as su'-h he was in
; favor of it. What he designed to say then, as
1 now, was, that he was in favor of prohibiting
slavery in the Territory of Oregon. That he would
do nothing in relation to the Missouri compromise,
as it had nothing more to do with that country
than it had with the East Indies,
One thing more. He (Mr H.) was reported to
have said "that the resolution had been taken,
'and would prevail in all the free States of this
{ Union, that there should be no more slave terri-
' tory admitted into the Union, or suffered to exist
' there." He might be mistaken or misunderstood
in the last part of the sentence. He might be un-
derstood as saying that no slave territory should
be suffered to exist in the Union. Such was not
his meaning. That was a matter for the States
themselves to take care of. He held that the com-
promises of the Constitution should be religiously
adhered to. His remark was intended to apply to
newly-acquired territory—that slavery should not
be suffered to exist m any territory which might
be acquired.
Mr. SEAMAN, previous notice having been
given, obtained leave to introduce a bill to prevent
the importation of paupers and criminals into the
United States; which was twice read, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOUGLASS asked leave of the House to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House
of Representatives be granted to the American Col-
