178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
onization Society for the purpose of holding their
anniversary meeting on the evening of the 19th in-
stant.
The resolution being; objected to—
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion was not
in order, as the House were already acting under
a suspension of the rules, (i. e. the special order.)
Mr. HILLIARD, by leave, from the Select
Committee appointed on the 5th instant, to which 1
was referred the bill to reorganize the District j
Courts of the United States in the district of Ala- !
bama, reported the same with an amendment. |
The question was on agreeing to the amendment j
reported by the committee. ;
And, after some reniaiks by Messrs. HIL-
LIARD, PAYNE, and DARGrAN—
Mr. PAYNE moved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the ,
Union. . ;
Mr. DARGAN moved the previous question, |
which was seconded; and (he main question was
ordered to be put, viz: " Will the House agree to !
the amendment reported by the committee?" ,
And the question being put, it was decided in ,
the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill j
as amended. ;
Mr. MILLIARD moved the previous question, :
which was seconded; and the main question was :
ordered to be put, viz* u Shall the bill passr" ;
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
there were: Yeas H4, nays 50.
So tiie bill was passed, and sent to the Senate ,
for concurrence. :
Mr. BOYD moved the usual resolution to close
all debate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union at three o'clock this day, on the bill
to establish the Territorial Government of Oregon.
Mr. B. moved the pre\ious question.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
On which the yeas and nays were taken, and
there weie: Yeas 86, nays 93.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
did not prevail.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put, viz: " Will
the House a^ree to the icsolution And it was
decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was passed.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT IN OREGON.
On motion of Air. DOUGLASS, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins m the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the bill to
establish a Territorial Government in Oregon.
The question before the committee was on agree-
ing to the amendment offered by Mr. Burt, viz:
to insert between the word " and" and the word
"shall" in the 7th line in section 12, the following:
<e inasmuch as the whole of the said territory lies
north of 36° 30' noith latitude, known as the line
of the Missouri compromise."
Mr. BURT then rose and addressed the com-
mittee. He said that the interference of Congress
in the domestic interests of the States, at all tinier
an exciting subject, was, in the present juncture of
the national affairs, and in the form proposed on
the present occasion, a subject of transcendent im-
portance to his constituents, and, as he solemnly
believed, to the South and the whole country. A
crisis approached with rapid and fearful strides.
He told the North, he told the South, that it could
not be evaded. It must be met. If they shrank
from it to-day, it would come with renewed force
to-morrow. He believed that it was unmanly to
desire its postponement for an hour. He could
not hope to speak to this question—he did not
desire to speak to it without the earnestness which
befitted the occasion: but he trusted he should
repress ail passion and all excitement. He never
reflected upon the resolutions of the last memorable
and eventful session of Congress, without a sense
approaching to awe of the moderation and wisdom
which averted a war from the United States and
Great Britain by the happy and peaceful adjust-
ment of their protracted and long-pending contro-
versy about limits on the northwest coast of this
continent. It was a signal triumph of moderation
and justice over passion and pride. He knew no
instance in ancient or modern history of a nobler
example to the nations of the earth. By that
treaty they acquired a territory west of the Rocky
Mountains, extending from the parallel of forty-
two degrees to the parallel of forty-nine degrees of
north latitude. They obtained a country whose
area was sufficient for the formation of four or five j
States of the medium size. It was a country winch j
possessed many and important advantages. It had
a mild and genial climate—a generous and fertile
soil. Portions of it were adapted to the growth of
the staples of tobacco and cotton. It would com-
mand the commerce of China, of India, of Japan,
and the islands of the South seas. Its position in
| reference to the Pacific Ocean was as eminently ;
| advantageous as that of these States to the AtJan-
\ tic Ocean. That country had great mineral re- ;
' sources. It was capablc of sustaining a dense j
i population, and was destined to be the home of an
, enteiprising people. They were now about to es-
j tablish for that territory a temporary government, I
| a government to endure only until the population (
' and resources of the country would enable it to be- ,
: come a State. The population was now sparse ;
! and of a mixed character. Its inhabitants had no I
representatives on that floor. It was then pro-
! posed to apply to that territory by the legislation :
! of Congress the prohibitions, conditions, and re- ,
■ strictions of the ordinance of J787. The opinions
i of its inhabitants were alike unknown and un- >
' heeded. These opinions were not at all consulted !
in this proposed legislation. Slavery did not exist 1
in that territory. He did not know that a slave
ever made or ever would make a foot-print on us ;
soil. If the article of the ordinance of 1787 were ;
adopted, it was designed to be an eternal interdict j
, upon slavery in that territoiy. Had Congress the ;
power, he asked, to impose upon the people of!
Oregon that restriction ? Ho proposed to institute
' and answer that inquiry. First, what was the ar-
ticle of the ordinance of 1787, which it was pro-
■ posed to apply to this territory of Oregon ? It i
was to be found among certain articles which, in
< that ordinance, were denominated " articles of com-
pact between the original States and the people and 1
. States in the territory northwest of the river Ohio." \
• The sixth article provides: '
! " There thall be neither r-lavew nor involuntary servitude :
* [ in the said temtory, otherwise than in tho pun^hmcnt of 1
;j cmnes whereof the party shall have been duly convicted."
:i That vast territory northwest of the Ohio was
!l ceded by the State of Virginia in 1784; and of the
territory thus admitted into the Union were now
• included the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
i Michigan; and Wisconsin, which would be admit-
■ ted into the Union before this session of Congress
' terminated. Virginia, in that munificent donation,
!' made a provision, which, also, he desired to read.
In her cession of the 1st March, 1784, she recited
ji the act of Congress inviting the States to cede to
1 the United States their vacant tcrntory, and she
! adopted the conditions of the act as the terms of
her cession; saving, however, that they were not
• entirely satisfactory to her. But the condition
I was this:
! J£ That is to say, upon condition that the ten itoiy so ceded
, shall be laid out and toimed into States, containing a suit-
able intent of territory, not leis than onf hundied o\ more
i than one hundred and iifty miles squaie, oi near theieto
,, as ciicumstiiiicea will ashnir; and that the state* so toimed
slull bf distinct republican States, and admitted members
1 of the ilYd.'iai Union, having the -anse ii«ht< of sovereignty,
freedom, and independence, a* the other States."
i; That was the condition of the cession. The
!' donation, he might remark, was made before the
;; adoption of the present Constitution. He begged
■ to know—he trusted that some member of the
i House would he pleased to say—whence that Con-
gress of *87 derived the power to ordain certain
> mticles of compact which shcu'd be immutable—
; which hhould be of eternal and universal obliga-
tion upon the people of the territoiy. Was it in
; the articles of Confederation ? lie should be glad
to know where. Was it in the act of Congress
I which invited this cession of territory from the
'■ States? He should be glad to be instructed on
ij that point. There was, as far as he hod been able
i; to perceive, not the slightest authority for the ordi-
j; nance in any of those sources of authority. Would
j; any member of the House—would any gentleman
there undertake to say that it was by virtue of any
ij mherentpower in that Congress ? He appiehended
•j not. That ordinance was inconsistent with all the
: conditions of the cession of Virginia. It was in-
consistent and proscriptive to her, and to the other
I' southern States. Jt was never ratified by Virginia,
' and he thought that no act in the history of her
legislation could be adduced, which countenanced-
that interpolation upon the conditions of her grant.
It was an assumption of power. Mr. Madison, a
member of that Congress—one of those who had
an active agency in the formation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States—pronounced it a usurpa-
tion—he pronounccd it, amongst the acts performed
by that Congress, " without the color of constitu-
tional authority." He begged leave to read what
Mr. Madison said upon that subject:
j " Congress have undertaken to do more: they have pro-
ceeded to lorm new States, to oiect temporary governments,
; to appoint officers, for them, and to prescribe the conditions
, on which such States shall he admitted into the Confedera-
i cy. All this has been done, n.nd done without the least color
j of constitutional authority.
i Mr. B. would now proceed to inquire whether
i that ordinance was consistent with the interests and
| wishes of the inhabitants of the territory which
had been thus ceded. If it should be shown, as he
trusted it had been done, that it was an act without
; the slightest color of constitutional authority, and
opposed to the interests and wishes of the inhabi-
tants of the Northwest Territory, he demanded to
know upon what ground it could be justified, and
i held up as a precedent in the future legislation of
this country? Pie had then a chapter from the
history of the northwest country, which he begged
leave to commend to the attention of the House,
In 1804, there was a meeting of representatives of
the people of the Northwest Territory, assembled
from all points; and at that meeting General Wil-
l liam H. Harrison presided. It adopted a memorial
' to Congress, which was submitted by their Presi-
| dent, and it was referred to a committee of that
j House, which committee, through its chairman,
I Mr. Rodney, made the following report:
i " Mr. Rodney, from the committee to winch had been re-
! ferred a letter fioni Wilhan^Heniy H irn.-on, President of
' the general convention ot the people of the Frdiana Tetri.-
tory; also a memorial and petition from the said conven-
j tion. on the 17th day of Febtuary, 18U4, reported :
i a That, taking into their eonsideiation the facts stated in
] the said memorial and petition, they are induced to believe
that a qualified suspension, for a limited time, of the sixth
j art.cle of compact between the original States and the peo-
j pie and States we«t of the river Ohio, might be productive
; of benefit and advantage to the said temtoiy."
| The committee reported the following resolution:
! "Resolved, That the sixth article of the oidinance of L7£7,
, which prohibited slavery within the said ten story, be sus-
ij pended in a qualified manner tor ten years, so as to peunit
,'j the introduction of slave?, born within the United States,
!' from any of the individual States: Provided* That such m-
dividual State does not permit the importation of slaves
S from foreign countries: Jlnd provided further, That the rie-
t seendants of all sueh slaves shall, if males, be free at the
i! age of twenty-five yeais, and if females, at the age of twen-
ty-one years."
i If it were supposed that that memorial and those
I proceedings were adopted by persons who did not
i represent the people of the territory of the north-
j west, he would invite the attention of the House
i to certain resolutions of the Legislative Council
'I of Indiana, adopted in 1S0G, and which were com-
j| municated by the Governor of the Territory to
' Congress in December, of that year. These were
the unanimous resolutions of the Legislative As-
, sembly. They affirmed that their sentiments were
|i the sentiments of nine-tenths of the people of that
■ : Territory. They asked that this article of the
I ordinance should be suspended for ten years, with-
; out the qualification attached in the memorial of
! the public meeting at which General Harrison had
j! presided. The lesoluiions were numerous. He
m would publish them, but at present would detain
:j the House by reading only one, the most impor-
i| tant. [The following are the resolutions, with a
j copy of which the reporter has been furnished, and
ij deems it proper to annex them:]
j: clResohe>J, un<cnimously, by the Legislative Oottnnl and
!, Howe of Representutu es of the Indiana Territory, That a
i suspension of the sixth aiticle of compact between the
United States and the Terntoiies and States northwest of
j tue river Ohio, passed the 13th day of .Tnly, 1787, for the
j! temi often years, would be highlyadvantageou:- to the said^
i territory, and meet the approbation of at least nine-tenths of
! i the good citizens of the frame.
II "Resolved, nricnhnovsh:* That the abstract question of lih-
ii erfy and slavery is not considered as involved in a ^uspen-
sion of the said at ticle, inasmuch as the number of slaves
! m the United States would not be augmented by the rneas-
i' ure.
" Resolved. That the suspension of the said article would
j be equally advantageous to the Territory, to the States from
whence the negroes would be brought, and to the negroes
! tuemsflves; to the Territoiy, because of its situation with
i regard to the other States, it must be settled by emigrants
■ from those m winch slaverv is tolerated, oi for many yenis
i! remain in its present situation, its citizens deprived of the
| cieater part of then political lights; and, indeed, of all
: tho'se which distinguish the American from the citizens and
subject's of other Governments. The States which are over-
