180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
war. Everybody desired that a peace should be
obtained if practicable. Yet that blow was inflicted
by a Democratic hand! He remembered, upon
that occasion, that his worthy and estimable friend
from Indiana moved the proposition of the Mis-
souri compromise; and he remembered that that
proposition was voted down. He remembered,
moreover, that when the bill to provide the loan
sought by the President was introduced in that
House, gentlemen from the eastern States, and
some from the western States, on the opposite side
of the House, denounced, with a loud voice, the
entire proposition; and so one of the provisoes of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania was engrafted
on that bill, and they were the first to turn round
and vote with alacrity for it. During the present
session of Congress, an honorable member from the
State of New York, [Mr. King,] had deemed it
his duty, or at least had thought proper to attempt
the introduction of the same proposition—the prop-
osition with the proviso moved by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. The House refused to sus-
pend the rules for the introduction of that propo-
sition by only some two or three votes. He told
them, and he told the South, that that proposition
was to come! He told them that it would be
moved, and he did not see that it would not pre-
vail. What was the language all around him in
that Hall? What was the language of gentlemen
from the North, and from the East, and from the
West? That the South need not hope ever again
to see a slave State formed of any territory that
might be acquired by this Government, whether
by treaty or by conquest.
Mr. SAWYER (in his seat:) Has the West
said so ?
Mr. BURT had said "gentlemen from the West."
He could not say that it was the unanimous voice
of the West. He hoped that it was not. He bad ;
in his mind's eye many patriotic exceptions. But ],
they were told that the line of the Missouri com- ji
promise must be abandoned. They were told so r
m that debate. The gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] the other day concurred, as he (Mr. B.) |
understood him, in announcing the determination ji
of what was called " the North." ff these facts—
if these declarations were not inducements to the
South now to move there, he would confess that
the South had lost its spirit. If, with these admo-
nitions and threats ringing m their ears, the South
postponed for an hour this question, he would not
speak for others, but his mind was made up. He
told the South that, although the annexation pro-
vided for the admission of "lave States to be form-
ed out of the territory below 36° 30', no such
State would be admitted into the Union. He !
looked to the vote upon the admission of Texas— I
he looked to the vote upon the admission of Flor- '
ida—he looked to what was the universal senti- ■
ment of the North, as announced by Represents- i
tives from those quarters on that floor, and asked, |
if the South did not now move, when would it I
shake ofif its sloth and lethargy? Would it wait '
till their dwellings were in flames? Should they i
wait till their hearthstones were drenched with the I
blood of their wives and children r He trusted not.
" Now's the day and now's the hour." Heap-;
pealed to every gentleman who had been contcrn- i
porary with him in that Congress, that he had j
never raised his voice upon the subject of slavery I
but on one occasion. He called upon them from
the North and West to bear him witness that he
never had introduced that subject into debates in ,
that House. But though he had never introduced
it, he, for one, had never shrunk from it; and he
had thought it his duty not to be silent now. He
told the North that the South was united upon this
question. He told the North that there was no
traitorous son from the South, there or at home,
and he had a steadfast faith that the South would 1
be found equal to its destinies, through whatever
peril or confusion it might be its fate to encoun-
ter.
Mr. PETTIT next addressed the committee. :
I have not risen (said he) to address the com- i
mittee, or to answer at any considerable length,
what the gentleman fiom South Carolina [Mr.
Burt] is pleased to call his argument upon this
question; but I have risen to put myself right, rather
than for anything else; and if I do not consume
much time in paying attention to that gentleman's
remarks, it is not owing to any want of personal
respect or kindness, but because I conceive that
the argument is all on one side as to the power of
this Government to regulate and control this mat-
ter of slavery in territory which belongs to the
United States, and which is without the States.
When this question was up at the last session of
Congress, moved by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,] I was represented
in the newspapers published in New York as
having voted on the other side. The New York
"Tribune" of the 18th of August last—doubtless
through mistake, and not design—charged my col-
league [Mr. Wick] and myself with having voted
against that proposition of Mr. Wilmot. I take
occasion here, never having noticed it before by
letter or otherwise, to say that it is not the fact in
reference to my vote. 1 was, sir, opposed to that
bili, wholly and entirely; and being opposed to
appropriating: the two millions, as asked by the
President, not being satisfied that there were any
good and sufficient reasons assigned for ask- >
ing it, I had two reasons for \oting for the Wil- .
mot proviso: one was, to make the bill odious '
to our fiiends of the South, and thereby to defeat I
it if possible; and another, because it was my firm, ,
well-settled, and conscientious opinion that we
ought not, under any circumstances, to allow what :
[ conccive to be amoral, political, and physical ;
and disposed of and decided everything public—
and I had utmost said everything private—in that
Territory as he pleased. Such was the situation
of General Harrison at that time, and such were
the facilities with which he could procure resolves.
But let me tell the gentleman from South Carolina
and the House, there is a little more on this sub-
ject—something behind the screen: the sequel to
these transactions.
Sir, it is well known that General Harrison,
having gone from Virginia originally, (and for his
memory I entertain, as for him while living I ever
entertained, nothing but the highest respect and the
utmost kindness,) had an ardent desire to get a re-
peal or suspension of the ordinance of 1787. The
contest came up on the election of Delegate from
that Territory on this floor, Genera! Harrison
taking the stump just about that time (1803 or
1804) for a Mr. Randolph, from Virginia also, who
was Attorney General of the Territory. General
Harrison threw himself into the breach, making
, it the burden of his arguments, (and his published
I speeches on this question are still extant,) that, if
' Randolph could be elected to this House, he would
succeed in suspending the operation of that ordi-
nance, if not of entirely repealing it. Who was
il, to be extended under the authority of this opposed, and what was the result.' A man who
' had so often served his constituents and his coun-
Government.
Sir, that vote was given in Committee of the try, not only long as a Delegate, not only as Gov-
Whole on the state of the Union, and is, therefore,
not recorded on the journal of this House; but the |
course of my votes given, as they are recorded, i
(for I have examined them this session with the
Clerk,) show that this must have been my vote.
After the bill was so amended m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and brought into
the House, I voted in favor of the amendment, and
then against the bill entirely. The bill passed. I
voted for a reconsideration of the final vote on that
ground; and it was not reconsidered. The whole
tenor of my votes, therefoie, show that I voted for
the proposition; 1 was in favor of it; and I now
here announce that such were, have been, and still
are, my feelings on the subject.
Now, the gentleman from South Caiolma, who ,
so ably preceded me, (and I shall not attempt to :
detain the House any great length of time, for I
ernor of Indiana, but often as a member of this
House—Jonathan Jennings; a man born, nurtured,
educated, and thoroughly imbued with all the feel-
ings that prompt the true heart of old Pennsylva-
nia. But a beardless youth—a boy without patron-
age, without friends, without means, and without
anything to buoy himself, but his own talents and
worth—he became a candidate against Randolph,
who was backed by the Government there, if not
here; sustained by General Harrison on the stump
—and he himself an able disputant. The question
was directly met, (for no other question was brought
into the canvass)—"slavery or no slavery;" adhe-
lence to the ordinance of 1787, or a dissolution, or
suspension of it; and my word for it, Randolph
got not one-third of the votes given.
Sir, I take it upon myself to say the people of
Indiana never were for the introduction of slaveiy
am indisposed to-day; but I feel it to be my duty within their territory; and further, as a legal ques-
I to place myself right on this subject,) has confer- !j tion, without undertaking to pronounce upon it
| red a great favor upon me, and, I doubt not, upon ! myself, I will say, what has been the uniform and
1 the whole country, in one particular: he has in- received opinion, both by courts and people, in
i formed us, in terms measared and set, that by the ■, that State, that, as to the binding power of that
: late Oregon treaty, we have acquired a large extent : ordinance as the supreme law of the land on this
i of territory, ff that be true—if the gentleman's ; subject and its validity—the State having been
1 information be correct on that subject—1 am happy j' admitted with that restriction—there never has
to hear it; yet I have always been grossly deceived ' been a doubt, and, in my opinion, there can be no
• in regard to it. I have always thought we lost, or doubt.
parted with, an immense territory and unmeasu- ! Now, sir, the gentleman has gone over the rise
rable treasure. Whydo I sayso, sir? We were - and fall, the grandeur, magnificence, and decay, I
told, officially and unofficially, by your present  
Chief Magistrateand his Cabinet counsellors—they j
not only said, but proved, in my estimation—that
our title to the whole of Oregon—to 54° 40'—was ;
" clear and unquestionable;" and by the treaty we ;
have been cut down to 49°, at any rate a loss of •' no man is further from entertaining a desire or a
5° 40', to say nothing of what we have lost even !; willingness to disturb any one State of this Union
believe, of this proposition (as it is called) for
making a part of the Union free, and a part slave
territory, or leaving a part slave territory, and
prohibiting a further extension of slavery. Sir, I
wish to avail myself of the occasion to say that
south of that line on the Island of Vancouver, and
nothing of the lands we have stipulated by that
treaty to confirm and surrender to British subjects;
sayins nothing of the encumbrances we have con-
sented to take upon us in reference to the naviga-
tion of our waters. This is the view I have been
in the habit of taking of this question. So far from
its heinjr the acquisition of an immense territory,
as the gentleman says, I have understood it to be
a surrender of a large tract of valuable territory;
and so I think the country has understood it. But
"let by-gones be bv-gones." Let it pass; these
matters are settled; the question is over, and de-
cided by the constituted authorities of my country;
and to them I submit. But I cannot submit to
hear misrepresentations of matters of fact, and of
history, and not open my lips against them.
in the possession of their sla\es, or their " prop-
erty," than I am. I never will tolerate it under
any circumstances whatever; I will leave you to
regulate your own domestic concerns, without in-
terference from abroad. I perfectly agree with the
gentleman from South Carolina, that we cannot
intermeddle or interfere with your domestic insti-
tutions And why, sir? Because you are sover-
eign; because within your own sphere you hold
the sovereignty m your hands; and hence we can-
not interfere with you. But then , reverse the case,
and apply the argument: and what is the result?
Why, here lies, and here rests, the sovereignty
j over all the territory that we may jointly own
1 without the limits of the States.
| Mr. BURT here interpos'ed, and (Mr. P. yield-
I ins: the floor) wished to know if he understood
Sir, a few words, in passing, in relation to the |! the gentleman from Indiana correctly, that the sov-
Indiana resolves, which the gentleman read to the I ereignty was in Congress? Now, under the Con-
committee. Before these resolutions were passed, " stitution of the United States, there was delegated
a large portion of that territory had been organized j, to Congress the right to dispose of and make all
into what is now the magnificent, wealthy, and !; needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
flourishing State of Ohio. Those resolutions were j! tory and other property of the United States. I
adopted when the Territory which I have the honor ji desire to know of the gentleman whether he means
in part to represent—the Ten itory of Indiana—had' to say that the sovereignty is in this House—
for its Governor General William Henry Harrison; ; Congress?
while he was vice-regent, and held the viceroyalty j Mr. PETTIT, (in reply.) I mean to say, and
there; while he held everything in his own hands, i; assert it again, that in this.Government—I did not
