182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
but believing it only a prudential matter, I shall
act as my judgment dictates. We are told that sepa-
ration is the order of the day. "Well, my southern
brethren! but let me say to you in the language
which Milton makes Adam use to Eve;
"Go; for thy stay, Dot free, absents thee more;
Go in thy native innocence; r?ly
On what thou hast of virtue; summon rill:
For God towards thee hath done his part: do thine."
So I say to you; if you are unwilling to stay; if
you cannot abide the compact; if you cannot sub-
mit to have the will of the majority govern—go.
We tell you more, or, rather, I tell you more,
(for I speak for none but myself,) that, in my
judgment, this being a prudential question entirely,
the House will stand somewhat divided upon it. If
there be a majority opposed to my views, I shall not
talk about a dissolution of the Union, nor will those
with whom I act. No, sir; they will be found a law-
abiding, a constitution-loving and liberty-loving
people. We shall not separate if you have the ma-
jority: we will abide by the provisions of the Con-
stitution; we will hang together as long as there
can be a cord to tie us. Cut you, my brethren; you,
my friends, if the majority shall be against you,
say that you will not abide by their will: you draw
your sword and say that you will sever the Union
occausc the majority will not submit to the minor-
ity ! Sir, if this is to be the result; if you defy the
majority, go—the sooner the better' We shall
not do it: if in the minority, we shall abide the
decision of the majority; if in the majority, we
shall expect you to do the same, notwithstanding
your vaunting and bragging to the contrary. Who
would rue it first? Well consider for yourselves
who.
We are told by the South, there rises a black,
gloomy, and darksome cloud, charged with ven-
geance and destruction, with ruin to the Union.
Sir, I have only to say5
" Thouffh that cJoud be thunder's wor^t,
And chained to crush me, let itburht.' .
Let it come; I fear it not. And here I say, you
cannot dissolve the Union on any such question.
A handful of negroes dissolve this Union! A valu-
able rope, a strong cord this, thatholds us together.
The blood of our ancestors, their achievements
on many a well-fought field, are all to be forgotten
then, and given up for a handful of negro wool!
Bullet me tell you, beware lest the marble the Per-
sian brought to the plains of Marathon be used by
Miltiades instead of the invader. No; be careful,
let me tell you. You cannot go to your constituents
and talk in safety about a dissolution of this Union
for such a miserable cause. They will be the first
to hang you higher than Hainan was hung, if you
treat them thus. It cannot bo, it will not be a dis-
solution of this Union on this ground. In the first
place, let me say to my southern brethren, you can-
not dissolve the Union; in the next place, you don't
want to dissolve the Union; and you could not
dissolve theUnion under any circumstances, or for
any purposes of this miserable kind.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I heard an esteemed Gen-
tleman from Virginia—the "Old" loved " Do-
minion, the mother of States and the mother of i
statesmen," (truly may it be said of her)—I heard !
an eloquent gentleman—and without disparage-
ment to any now on this floor, I say it, there are
none more so of those now here or that ever have
been here, I refer to our present Minister at ;
Brazil, (Mr. Wise)—at the first session I had the 1
honor of a seat on this floor, the first session of
the 28th Congress, say in reference to this rule i
which is repealed, and which was spoken of by
the gentleman from South Carolina to-day, that '
he proposed to withdraw all opposition at that '
point; the rule was dispensed with, and the peti- ;
tions would be received. The gentleman from ;
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] opposed it with '
great vehemence; but, among other things, Mr. !
Wise said; " J will surrender it there. laniassureti'
' by gentlemen around me that further than this ,
' they will not go. We will consent that these
'petitions shall be received; and thej pledge me I
' they will sec they do no harm here under any cir- 1
' cumstances whatever. And, said be, seeing daily !
' the weakness, the coming degeneracy of that '
' section of country, and the growing strength of !
' other sections, I will, for once, rely on their an- !
' tionand promise, confidently. I said, Mr. Speak- 1
' er, ' Virginia has fallen, and the whole South is '
' dwarfed.' " And no man, other than Mr. Wise, i
could have said a truer thing; said it better, and I
more effectually than he did. "Virginia has
fallen," said he, " and the whole South is dwarf-
ed." Sir, is it true ? And if so, what a lament-
able picture! that here, in a short period of time,
counting the age-that nations have existed, and
ought to exist, how youthful and how young,
to have it said of one of our brightest States, and
best localilies, that she " has fallen;" and that one
region of our fair country is "dwarfed!" Sir,
there must be some cause for this. Is it not true
that, in the revolutionary war, Virginia was the
first State? And how is it, then, that I can .now
i point you to New York, to Pennsylvania, Ohio,
I and the State which I have thehonor, in part, to
| represent, with greater white populations than you
have > What is the reason, I ask you s Have you
J advanced in population and in wealth ? Have you
' advanced in all the essentials of greatness and
j magnificence that appertain to a nation No !
; Then Mr. Wise properly said, that "Virginia,"
had " fallen," and " the whole South is dwarfed."
i Sir, there must be a mora!, a political, or a
j physical cause for all this. Where shall we find
I it? I repeat, there must be one of these causes,
i Sir, it is not a physical or natural cause.
I Mr. LEAKE interposed and said: The gentle-
| man fiom Indiana speaks of Virginia having fallen;
j I should like to know, comparing the condition of
1 Indiana and Virginia, whether Indiana pays her
debt, before the gentleman talks about my State
falling?
Mr. PETTIT. I refer the gentleman for the
answer to his very astute inquiry, to the newspa-
pers of the day. ("A laugh.]
[A voice: "May be he don't take the papers!"]
Well (said Mr. P.) it was said there was one
district in Virginia where no papers were taken.
[Renewed laughter.] 1 do not suppose that is the
case with the gentleman however. I am satisfied
he reads the papers.
But, I was saying there was either a moral, po-
litical, or physical cause. That it is not a physi-
cal cau-'e, I am satisfied. Where, I ask you, under
the bright sun—in what portion of this continent,
is there a more genial climate, a more fertile soil,
a more delightful region, than old Virginia? Where
do the zepyrs blow so refreshingly, where rolls the
rivulet more gently, or where sing the birds more
! charmingly ? [A laugh.]
! [A voice: " Do you refer to the Harper's Ferry
! eagle J"
| I have heard there were birds flitting about
. there, (said Mr. P.)
What, then, is the cause ? The God of nature,
or nature itself—the Embodiment of Wisdom has
given to that locality all the natural advantages of
; any other portion of the Union. A greater degree
j of industry and enterprise would have removed
| New York to Norfolk; would have opened chan-
| nels of western communication, directly, and much
; more conveniently and easily, through Virginia
: than through Pennsylvania.
; Sir, it is not then a physical cause. Is it, then,
I a moral or a political cause? Without stopping
to animadvert at length upon it, I shall cay, it is
■ owing to a combination of the two latter. Both a
; moral and a political incubus is hanging upon that
, people; a weight has been chained about their
! necks, that has driven many of their population to
j seek a home elsewhere; that has retarded popula-
tion by natural means, and deprived it of all ex-
; ternal increase. The policy of this Government
and that of every wise Government, from Moses
| down, to increase population from without, has
{ been forbidden by the institutions of Virginia: the
heathen, even, were allowed to become naturalized
among the Jews: so, in my State, and many oth-
ers, to foreigners are held out inducements to come
and settle down, and enjoy with us the blessings
of our civil and religious liberty.
This, then, is to some extent the cause. There
is a want of absolute, manual, personal labor and
enterprise. I do not say it appertains to her pub-
lic men; I do not say there are not exceptions; but
jet the Virginian show me when, where, how, it is 
in the eloquent language of Mr. Wise—that " Vir-
ginia has fallen, and the whole South is dwarfed,"
unless it be from this cause. Here, again, is the
man's arm benumbed that has touchcd the torpedo.
It is not the negro that is harmed or injured; it
rests like a stupor, a lethargy, upon your whole
population. I do not mean that there are not ex-
ceptions to this general proposition.
Sir, I suppose that no Virginian would take my
advice; I shall, however, take the liberty briefly to
give my views on the subject. I say to the South
and to the sons of Virginia—the venerable mother
of so many illustrious and noble sons—that instead
of your gaining laurels or renown by seeking to
continue this incubus upon your country; instead
of your gaining consideration-and applause among
your own people, in the country, or in the world,
by talking about the continuation, spread, and fur-
ther development of this institution—instead of
talking about dissolving the Union, and thereby
getting credit and renown, and being handed down
to successive generations beloved and applauded 
let me tell you that the man who shall stand forth
with his gigantic intellect, warm heart, and love of
his own race, (and not of the negro race,) and shall
blot, blot, forever, from off the escutcheon of the
" Old Dominion" that tarnishing, that disgusting
spot, shall have as his reward—not Hainan's gal-
lows, not the execration of all good and wise men,
but shall have his name enrolled and himself em-
blazoned in bold relief on the broadest panel in the
highest monument that shall be erected to Vir-
ginia's sons. Virginia's future sons and daughters
shall rise up and call his name blessed forever.
Let that be done, and you will see your fair do-
minion populated, you will see strength return to
your hand, and energy to all your population, and
you will find yourselves reinvigorated.
Sir, all this gentlemen will say it is not my busi-
ness to utter. But it is my business. We are
charged here to some extent with legislation over
this whole Union, and there are some things
connected with it over which we have absolute,
uncontrolled power. But there are others, and
among them, this institution, this incubus over
which, within the territory of Virginia, or of any
of the soveteign States of this Union, we have no
power; but v/e have the power to prevent its creep-
ing in, and to refuse to establish it in territory over
which we are the sovereign, and which has not
yet been formed into one of the States of this
Union 
Here the hour to which the debate was limited
arrived, and Mr. P. was abruptly broken off in hi?
remarks.
The hour of three o'clock having'arrived, the
debate was closed by the Chairman.
On motion of Mr. LEAKE, the committee rose,
and the Chairman reported progress.
The House then adjourned,
IN SENATE.
Friday, Janum-y 15, 1847.
The J ourtial of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, made in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, communica-
I ting copies of all instructions given by the War
I Department, or from the office of Indian Affairs, to
the commissioners appointed to adjudicate claims
| under the treaty of 1835-'6, between the United
| States and Cherokee nation of Indians; which was
i referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
i The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
. a report of the Treasurer of the United States, ac-
j companied by copies of his accounts of receipts
\ and disbursements for the service of the Post Office
j Department, for the year ending 30th June, 1846;
! which was laid upon the table.
' PETITIONS.
1 Mr. ARCHER presented a petition of citizens
of Harrison county, Virginia, praying that the pay
| of the non-commissioned officers and soldiers of
; the army may be increased, and bounty land allow-
! ed to such as shall serve to the end of the war;
i which was referred to the Committee oil Military
Affairs.
I Also, a memorial of the Faculty of the University
' of Virginia, praying that the duties on books and
philosophical apparatus, imported for the use of
colleges, &c., may be abolished; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MANGUM presented a document in rela-
tion to the claim of William H. Thomas; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Thomas
McLellan, executor of AuthurMcLellan, deceased,
and others, praying indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was referred to the select
committee on that subject.
Also, the petition of the heirs of John ]
