1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
deceased, an officer in the revolutionary army,
praying the payment of the seven years' half-pay
due on account of his military services; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that a portion of
public land may be set apart for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of railroads from the
Atiantic rivers to the Mississippi; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorials of the heirs of William Lowry, deceas-
ed; and of the heirs of Fielder Dorset, deceased,
' praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800: which were severally referred to the select
committee on that subject.
Mr. BENTON submitted additional documents
in relation to the petition of Sarah E. Graham;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Mar-
gueretta Reneau, praying payment of the value of
a reservation of land secured to her by the treaty
of 1825 with the Osage Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Atlairs.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the petition of
the Long Island Railroad Company, on the files
of the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NTLES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to provide
for transporting the mail of the United States to
Oregon; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. NILES, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill to amend "An act to reduce the rates of
postage, to limit the use and prevent the abuse of
the franking privilege, and for the prevention of
frauds on the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment;" which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Charles M. Gib-
son.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported House bills for the
relief of Frederick Hopkins, for the relief of
Zachariah Simmons, and for granting a pension
to Patrick Kelly; all without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Pistole, widow of Charles Pistole, deceased.
Also, a bill for the relief of Richard Bloss and
others.
The bill from the House to reorganize the dis-
trict courts of the United States in the Slate of
Alabama, was read twice, aud referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ASHLEY asked to be excused from fur-
ther service upon the select committee upon the
subject of French spoliations prior to 1800. The
Legislature of his State had instructed him to vote
against those claims, and he did not think it
proper, under such circumstances, that he should
remain upon the committee.
The request was granted, and the Vice Presi-
dent being authorized to rill the vacancy, appoint-
ed Mr. Sturgeon on the committee.
BOUNTY LAND TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. BENTON asked the unanimous consent of
the Senate for leave to introduce a bill making pro-
vision for a grant of land to the non-commissioned
officers and soldiers serving in the war with Mex-
Mr. CAMERON felt compelled to object to the
introduction of the bill, as he thought it was cal-
culated to destroy the object of the proposition
which he had himself the honor of submitting yes-
telMi\'BENTON then remarked, that as there
was one Senator objecting, he would now give
notice that he would ask leave to introduce the bill
to-morrow morning.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MOREHEAD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to the Senate such information as may be m
the possession of his department upon the follow-
ing subjects:
1. The commerce of the lakes, and its probable
increase.
2. The same of the western rivers.
3. The population depending upon the lakes as
a means of communicating with a market.
4. The amount of tonnage employed upon the
lake trade, distinguishing, as far as practicable,
between steamboats, propellers, sailing craft, and
number of hands employed in the trade.
5. Facilities of communication, by railroads and
canals, with the Mississippi and the Atlantic.
6. Adaptation of the commerce means of the
lakes to purposes of defence and of military opera-
tions generally.
7. Extent of lake coast, and of the same in the
different States and Territories; harbors in this
extent; their condition and usefulness, and a com-
parison of their present condition with that before
improvements were made.
8. Means of communication in the British pro-
vinces by roads and canals, with their ports and
harbors oil the lakes, and the condition of the lat- 1
ter. ^
9. Adaptation of the British commercial means j
of the lakes to purposes of military operations gen- !
erally. I
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following |
resolution for consideration*.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to ;
the Senate what means of communication exist, i
during the winter months, between Fort Brady, at !
the Sault de See. Marie, and Fort Wilkins upon 1
Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan; and his
opinion concerning the necessity and expediency
of opening a communication by land between said
forts, and also (so far as may be) between them
and the military posts at Michilimackinac and on
the lower peninsula of Michigan; together with an
estimate of the expense of opening such overland
communications.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, who stated that a ^
similar petition had been before the committcc at ;
the last session, and reported adversely upon, the ,
Committee on Naval Affairs was discharged from j
the further consideration of the petition of the me- |
chanics and laborers in the navy-yard at Wash- j
ington. ;
INCREASE OP THE ARMY. I
Mr. BENTON asked that the Senate procecd to
the consideration of the bill to raise, for a limited
time, an additional military force, and for other
purposes, which had been on yesterday postponed
until to-day.
Mr. BADGER thought that, according to order,
the bill to appoint a lieutenant general would take
precedence, as unfinished business._
The presiding officer said that it would do so ,
after the expiration of the morning hour, but not j
previously. . j
The Senate then resumed, as m committee of j
the whole, the consideration of the bill from the 1
I House of Representatives " to raise for a limited
time an additional military force, and for other
purposes."
The amendment to the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs having been agreed to
yesterday, the pending question was upon agree-
ing to the following amendments offered yesterday
by Mr. Cameron:
"And ho it further cnacM, That the Secretary of the j
Ti easurv be directed to issue a warrant t'oi a quarter sec- j
tion of land to every non-comnus&ioned officer, musician,
and private, who shall have volunteered and served for
twelve months, or who phall serve in the army of the United
State* during the present war with Mexico, or shall volunteer
and enlist to i-c,ve during the war, and sh ill die in the r-ei-
vice, or bo honorably discharged before its termination i tile
said land wauant to be located upon any land belonging to
the United Slates, that may be subject to private entrj.
I MbcHfrrther enacted, That such warrant, npon tlio
drath of tho person entitled thereto, before it ih issued, shall
be issued to Fhc hens at law of such peison bj the lawsot he
State in wh.cli ho lesided when he entered the service.' |
Mr. BADGER submitted an amendment as a
substitute for the bill. ,
Mr. BENTON then moved to amend the amend-
ment, by substituting the bill which he had asked
leave to introduce this morning, with the exception
of the title. , . ,
The CHAIR stated that, as there was already an
amendment to the amendment under consideration,
it would not be in order to receive the proposition
of Mr. Benton. ., . ...
Mr. BjSNTON then rose and said it was with
extreme reluctance that he entered on a subject of
this magnitude without a moment to arrange His
thoughts, and without even having an opportunity
of seeing in print the amendments which had been
proposed, or to consider what was to be the prac-
tical effect of the action of the Senate in regard to
these grants of public land. Other gentlemen
might be prepared to vote upon the proposition
now pending, but he was not; he never permitted
'himself to be so huiried as not to allow himself time
for thought; and he could not allow so important
a question to pass without taking a full survey of
its practical operation. For the purpose, therefore,
of giving time to examine the subject, to weigh the
words in which such a proposition should be
couched, he had drawn up a bill, (not entirely sat-
isfactory to himself, it was true, for it had been
hastily prepared,) and asked the unanimous^con-
sent of the Senate that it might be read and printed,
and that the subject should be laid upon the table
till to-morrow. He desired to have the whole
subject before him, that he might be enabled- to
form his judgment on better grounds than the mere
hearing of a proposition read from the Secretary's
desk. "While a discussion was going on, his mind
was too much occupied to allow liini to go into
that deliberate examination which the subject de-
manded. This subject was one to be considered,
i deliberated upon, thought of. The bill which he
' had prepared was not quite satisfactory to himself;
| but he would now read it for the information of ^
: the Senate.
i ' [Here Mr. Benton read the bill.]
| Mr. B. did not say that this bill which he had just
I read was perfect, but he would make bold to say
! that it would tend at least to securc the grant of
| land contemplated to those who had rendered ade-
j quate services.
; Mr. B. believed, that of the volunteers who
j had originally entered into the service, about six
I thousand had been discharged, and of that num-
i ber, four thousand, or five thousand, had
1 so much as seen aw enemy. A vast number had
' been discharged for reasons convenient to them-
selves, aud thus it would continue to be to the
end of the war. A clause m his bill granted one
hundred and sixty acres of land to those " /ho had
engaged and actually served one year, should the
i war continue so long; or who had been killed off,
! or disabled duiing their service. He proposed not
:: to limit this extraordinary grant of one hundred
l! and sixty acres to those who actually rendered
: service in the war. As so many obtained dis-
I charges, and as this extraneous system of volun-
i teering rendered it certain that there must be dis-
' charges every day, the gift of a quarter section of
land ou°ht to be leserved for those who had actu-
ally periled their lives in earning it. This was
the object of the first clause of his bill. ^
The second clause was constructed with a view-
to secure this land to the actual granlee, or to sell
it for his widow, or rightful heirs. He desired to
prevent the lands from falling into the hands or
speculators, while he gave the soldier himself a
clear title. Unless these guards were adopted, it
would be impossible to prevent these lands
coming into the possession of persons who had
! not earned them, and we should be making a
! present of millions of acres to speculators.
; It would thus be seen that his proposition em-
! braced these two principal points:
| First: It limited the grant to those who had
! actually rendered services in the war.
' Secondly: It secured the full benefit of the grant
j to these soldiers themselves, or to their widows,
! or heirs. , . .
! The act of 1812 contained a clause peculiar m its
' object. It granted the boon, but omitted to provide
; a remedy for the fraudulent transfer of it to per-
1 sons not entitled to it. General declaiations that
a practice was illegal, were entnely insufficient of
i themselves. They must be accompanied by the
means of effectuating the nullity of any such trans-
; feis as may be regarded as illegal m the contempia-
■ tion of the law. He had endeavored to supply
' this defect, by the introduction of a provision so
'' simple, that there would be no opportunity for
p fraudulent cunning or legal ingenuity to evade it.
The remedy he proposed was, that m every case
where a question should arise as to the title of a
quarter section, every person who may have ob-
tained possession who is not ot the blood of the
Santee; or his widow, shall be considered a wrong-
doer, a trespasser, little short of a malefactor, and
