184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
as a trespasser he should he ejected. For the pur-
poses of such ejectment, he had made it not neces-
sary that all the heirs who could put in any claim
should be brought into court, as was the case in
ordinary suits for ejectment, where all the heirs
are alleged to join in the suit. In the provision
which he had introduced, any single individual
coming into court and proving his connexion with
the blood of the grantee, should be deemed suffi-.
cient ground for the ejectment of the trespasser;
and this was to be effected without costs to the
rightful claimant.
Now, after having read and explained his bill;
after asking this morning the unanimous consent
of the Senate for leave to introduce it, and then
giving notice, after objection had been made, that
he would to-morrow renew his motion for leave,
he would now appeal to the Senate to rejcct all for-
mer amendments which had been offered to the
original bill, and to let this subject lie over until to-
morrow. We could now take up the bill which
had been laid over in consequence of the death of
one of our colleagues, and afterwards take up this
bill and pass it. He would then be ready to vote
for the principle of the. amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania in a separate and proper form.
Mr. B. would appeal to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw his amendment, and not to
embarrass and impede with clogs which must retard
its progress, the bill to till up the ranks of the army.
• "Was tiie Senate so distrustful of itself, that it would
not consent to postpone this measure for a single
day? Would it refuse to take the bill in any other
form than with the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania? If the Senator would not agree to
withdraw these impediments, he must be permitted
to obtain his object by all the means which parlia-
mentary usage would allow. He must have time i
to talk, to think, before he could consent loosely to
vote away so many millions of the public domain.
He. hoped the amendment would be withdrawn,
and that the bill would be taken up to-morrow
morning. He desired to have the full considera-
tion, the mature judgment, of the whole Senate, ;
before a vote should be taken. He paused for a ■
movement of the Senator from Pennsylvania: he !
wished to see if the amendment would be with- I
drawn or not. If not, the. Senate was in for it '
for some days; for hfe would not permit such a
proposition to pass without deliberation and dis-
cussion.
Mi. CASS sent an amendment to the Chair, as
a substitute. It was founded 011 (he act of 1812.
He should offer it at a proper time. The last clause
of his amendment reserved the matter within the j
power of Congress, should furthei legislation be
deemed necessary. He would be willing to a ote
for that.
Mr, BENTON moved that all the amendments j
which had been'offered be printed, and that the I
whole subject be deferred until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON, in reply to the appeal from
the gentleman from Missouri, said that there was
no man in this broad land whom he respected more
than he did the gentleman from Missouri; but
when he felt that he was right, he could not con-
sent to give up his opinion, even for that Senator.
The whole discussion had been upon the details of
the bill, which ought to he b)ought in hereafter.
He thought the gentleman had not read hisamend-
ment carefully, or he would have found, on reflec-
tion, that it was sufficiently explicit. He was no
lawyer, and was not versed in technicalities. It
contained all necessary guards, and did not show
that great want of deliberation which had been
ascribed to it. He proceeded to quote from the
law of 1812, (granting land to soldiers,) showing
that his own amendment followed that law closely"
with the exception of the last section. He be-
lieved Ins own amendment as full and dear as any
which had been offered: but he did not come there
to wrangle about technicalities. Other gentlemen
might ha\e the honor of proposing the measure.
He only wished to see the poor soldier rewarded
with his one hundred and sixty acres of land. He
thought this was the proper time to introduce the
amendment. It was true we might hereafter pass
a separate law; but fiom the line of the discussion 1
yesterday, hejooked 011 that as very doubtful. j
Mr. BENTON said it was very unfortunate that
the gentleman had read from the act of 1813. It ;
was an act by which millions upon millions had 1
been squandered, and it had been denounced from ,
one end of the continent to the other. He renewed
;; his motion to print all the amendments, and lay the
!j bill on the table till morning.
11 Mr. HOUSTON here offered an amendment.
! Mr. BENTON subnnttedanotheramendmeni,in
I relation to the appointment of surgeons and assist-
| ant surgeons, which he asked to be laid on the
j table and printed with the other amendments.
I Mr. BADGER had no objection to the printing
I of all the amendments, that they might have time
■ for deliberation, and the whole of the propositions
| before them. He was of opinion tliat the grant
' of land should be attached to the bill, and not pro-
1 posed in a separate form. The honorable gentle-
! man from Missouri had made a strong appeal to
! them to have the various plans which had been
j presented withdrawn. He thought he observed
i that the strength and earnestness of the appeal
! rose to so high an extent, that he was afiaid he
I seemed to entertain the notion that they ought to
yield rather to his appeal than to their own con-
victions. The bill which had been read by the
Senator from Missouri was substantially the same
as the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. Neither the one nor the other was open
to the construction which the Senator from Missou-
ri had placed on them. O11 the contrary, the grant
was clearly and unequivocally confined to those
who had actually rendered service during the term
of their engagement. The only difference relates to !
j | the various provisions which the Senator had read,
1 making the grant inalienable. Mr. B. would take
occasion here to say, that he doubted the propiiety
and policy of such provisions. It was urged that
'[ the lands might fall into the hands of speculators.
!l Be it so. Would they the less certainly do this
! because a provision in this bill rendered them in-
! alienable? The only difference would be, that the
speculator would be more particular in grinding ;
down the poor soldier for the purpose of securing I
, himself. The operation would be the same as in '
transactions with money-lenders. AVhat effect, in
.these cases, was produced by legislative guards?
j Did they keep down the rates of interest? No.
; They only turned over the needy from the legiti-
! mate sources, into the hands of heartless money-
j lenders. He doubted the propriety of making the
; lands inalienable. It was not consistent with their
' notions, he helieved, to introduce a system of en-
I tail; and any provision tending to that end would
be to him an insuperable objection against the bill.
, The lands might pass into the hands of specula-
i; tors. So might the property which the father
>' labors hard to acquire, and bequeathes to his chil-
' dren, if they did not take care of it properly. He
believed that the soldiers generally were able to
take care of their own estates.
Mr. BENTON replied that the remarks of the
Senator from North Carolina brought up the whole j
question. Ought the certificate to be given to the J
soldier for his sole benefit, or to be permitted to go {
' into the hands of speculators? Should it be taken |
out of the possession of him who is connected by I
blood with the grantee and given to the speculator? '!
This was a momentous question. The act of 1812 '
attempted to impose some guards against illegal
transfers. The Senator from North Carolina now
brings up the whole question on a motion to print.
It will come up for discussion in the debate on the
; bin. lie must, therefore, be excused from now i]
entering into the subject. By to-morrow he would 1
be prepared.
On the subject of the length of service which ^
' should entitle the soldier to the'grantMr. B. had not j!
1 been correctly understood. The person claiming |!
the grant must have actually served one year du- 1
ring the war. This must include the fact if the j'
; war should continue. We may be allowed some- j.'
. times to hope against hope, and thus we may hope I
that the war will terminate within one year. It .j
may, or it may not. No man can say it will, or '
! it will not—that it will not end this month, or the
next month, or the mon>b afterwards. This amend-'i
ment included the case of the early termination of <!
; the war. He trusted in God it would be termi-
nated early. !
j Additional amendments having been offered bv i
, Messrs. BRIGHT and CRITTENDEN, !.
Mr. BENTON then renewed his motion to post- !■
pone the bill until to-morrow; which was agreed !
to, and the various amendments submitted were :
ordered to be printed. j
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
The bill to appoint a Lieutenant General to com-
mand the army of the United States, during the
war with Mexico, came up, in its order, for con-
sideration, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BADGER, who had the floor from yester-
day, rose and said;
Mr. President: The' best return I believe I can
make to the Senate for Us kindness in adjourning
yesterday, to give, me an opportunity to say what
I have to say on this bill this morning rather than
yesterday evening, will be by proceeding at once
to a statement of the reasons which seem to me
to furnish an inseparable objection to what the
President asks, and the bill on your table proposes
to grant.
The proposition is to appoint a commanding
general who, when commissioned as lieutenant
general, may command-all the armies of the Uni-
ted States. If this bill, Mr. President, should
pass into a law, the proposed high office to be
created by it must be filled either by the present
general commanding our army, or by some junior
officer of the army, or by some citizen to be taken
from the walks of private life.
In the first case I think it must be manifest, on a
very little reflection, that this measure must prove
entirely useless. The major general now com-
manding our army, commands all the forces about
him. He commands a whole district or depart-
ment which the President of the United States 1ms
or may assign to him; and a lieutenant general,
sir, though his title maybe more lofty, can do no
more. The President of the United States may
assign to the present major general commanding
our army the whole control, under him, of all the
operations of this war; and he may assign—for he
is not bound to assign—to this officer with the title
of lieutenant general the same large and extensive
authority. The President of the United States
may confine the present senior major general of the
army to a particular district, to a narrow com-
mand, or to a small body of troops; but he can
equally confine the same officer when elevated to
the grade of lieutenant general; for by an express
piovision of the Constitution—by the inevitable
necessity of the case—tfie major general or lieu-
tenant general, or by whatever other title he may
be called, is at last under the absolute control and
direction of the President of the United States,
who is the sole constitutional commander-in-chief.
By changing therefore the designation of a major
general to lieutenant general, you do not enlarge
his authority, for the chief command of the army
is incident to no general, whatever his grade may
be, unless when the whole army is collected to-
gether and acting as one body. And when it is so
collected and acting together, the chief command
is incident to the senior officer, whether lieutenant
general or majorgeneral.
Nor is the capacity of the officer to discharge
with effect and carry to a successful result the
duties assigned to him, in the smallest degree in-
creased by changing his title or elevating "him in
rank, for the authority must come from the Presi-
dent of the United States. The capacity to carry
into execution the duty assigned to him must depend
upon the forces under his command—on the force
opposed to him—on his own personal worth and
qualifications—on his genius to contrive, his skill
to combine, and his energy to execute, whatever
enterprise the crisis may require. It seems to me,
then, Mr. President, that nothing can be founded
upon slighter grounds than the opinion, if it pre-
vail at all, that the officer who is now the senior
major general of the army would be in any respect
more able to discharge with honor to himself and
advantage to the country the duty assigned to him
in the prosecution of this 01- any other war, in con-
sequence of striking out " major general" from his
commission, and inserting "lieutenant general" in
lieu thereof.
But, sir, if the officer who is to fill this high
place is not to be the present commanding general
of the army, but some junior officer, who is to be
elevated over his head, I admit, sir, that this meas-
ure then ceases to be useless. But then, sir, it
becomes mischievous. It loses its character of
harmlessness—but it assumes that of gross in-
justice. It is then made the occasion for offering
an insult to a gallant officer, whose life has been
devoted to the service of his country—whose
blood has been shed on her battle-fields—whose
deeds in arms, during that which has not inaptly
been called the second war of Independence, won
for him the approbation of Madison, the thanks of
