1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
Congress, and the gratitude of the people—one
whose generous humanity, whose high military
qualities, whose brilliant courage, whose noble
spirit, have gained for him not only at home, but
throughout Europe, an honorable and enviable
reputation, and shed lustre on the American
name.
But if, sir, instead of some junior officer selected
from that band of noble spirits that lead our army,
some one is to be taken, for the purpose of filling
this post, from civil life; then, sir, involved in the
same insult with their chief, we find all those gal-
lant officers who fought with such distinguished
bravery at Palo Alto, at Resaca de la Palma, at
Port Brown, and at Monterey—officers whose ex-
ploits are the theme of every tongue, and the pride
of every heart—officers honored with costly testi-
monials of high regard, and elevated with honorary
brevets—officers of whom it is not too much to say,
that for all the high qualities and noble character-
istics which grace the soldier, 110 service in the
world can produce their superiors.
Sir, such unjust returns for noble service—the
infliction of such galling pangs of shame on noble,
gallant, and patriotic hearts, no purposes connect-
ed with this war can justify—no necessity require
it; and, in my humble judgment, it will stand as
a foul blot on the escutcheon of the country. Sir,
would this insult stop here? No, sir; honor—
military honor—that sensibility of the noble heart—
is the nerve which vibrates for pain or pleasure
through every extremity of the military body;
and, my word for it, if such a law as this pass—
if a civilian should be selected, and placed over the
heads of all the gallant spirits in our army, in the
chief command—not only every brave officer, and
non-commissioned officer and soldier in our army,
but even the very drummer boy, and the sutlers,
and the camp followers, would feel their cheeks
tingle with shame and indignation at the affront
offered to that body and its head, of which they
were but the humble followers.
Sir, there is not an incident in the history of this
country which can serve as a precedent to justify
such a thing. It is true that in 1798, when this
country, with far inferior power and capacity for
military action, either for offence or defence, was
supposed to be inevitably involved in a war with
the proudest, bravest, and most powerful nation of
that day—it is true that, on that occasion, the office
of lieutenant general was established, and Wash-
ington was called upon that designation to take
command of the armies of his country. But, sir,
it was Washington that was called to that com-
mand. It was for Washington that that rank was
established. Washington was then in a retirement
which he loved, enjoying that ease and solace of
domestic life, which he had earned for himself by
a long and glorious career of toil. Washington
was called by the Government and by the people,
and by the army itself, sir, to take the charge and
direction of those great military affairs; and if he
returned upon the stage of active life, if he left that
spot in which he had fondly hoped to pass, without
interruption, the few remaining days of his life,
surely it was due to him; it was due to that singu-
lar position of eminence and glory which he had
occupied in this country. Yes, sir, it was due to
him, who, as he had been first in war, was also
first in peace: it was due to his acknowledged pre-
eminence throughout the whole length and breadth
of this land; it was due to the proud position which
he occupied in the civilized world; yes! it was due
to him, when, at the call of his country, he sur-
rendered the ease and comfort of private life, to
appear once more upon the field of arms, that he
should do it with a title corresponding in s_ome de-
gree with his vast and superior merits, and with
the title he bore and the position he occupied in the
field during the seven years war of the Revolution,
as the forms of our Government would permit.
Sir, the state of things is now changed. We
have no Washington. We cannot, if we look
throughout the whole country, find in retirement a
man on whose head a nation's blessings have, with
entire unanimity, been showered as on him. We
cannot look abroad and find some one man whose
name is gratefully cherished as having been once
the saviour of his country, and to whom all look
again to discharge this benevolent office of patriot-
ism a second time for them. We have eminent
and good men; we have them in public and in pri-
vate life; we have them in the military and in the
civil service of the country; we have them belong-
ing to all parties into which the people are divided;
but, sir, among them all, there breathes not the
man whose name can, without profanation, be
spoken in comparison with the name of Washing-
ton ! Sir, the creation of that office in 1798 was a
personal tribute of grateful admiration and respect
on the part of this country to Washington. It
was founded on motives personal to him. No man
supposed at that day, as some seem to suppose at
this, that Washington, at the head of the armies of
his country, with the title of major general, could
not have been as efficient as if he bore a hundred
titles—as if he wore all the titles which European
device could heap upon him. The idea that Wash-
ington could derive any advantage, any mental
force, any powerof concentration, any genius, any
greater skill in the management of the affairs of
his country; or that it would add anything to the
indomitable spirit by which he was enabled, in
success or in adversity, to be always the same;
that he could derive in any degree all or any of
these attributes from the circumstance of bearing a
higher title, entered not, I am persuaded, into the
imagination of any human being. It was known
that Washington, with the title of major general,
could have discharged all the duties that were
placed in his hands—ay, with an inferior title; be-
cause the power to discharge them depended on
his personal qualities, and the force placed at his
command. The title in that case was just: it was
a tribute to him—it was a just and deserved com-
pliment which was due to no other man. Am I
wrong in saying that this appointment sprung from
motives personal to Washington? Why, look at
the subsequent transactions of this Government.
Nearly half a century has passed away since this
office of lieutenant general existed among us. We
have during that period been engaged in war with
the then most powerful nation of Europe—perhaps
I might say, without exaggeration, of the world.
At one time, if my memory serves me, we had in
the field not less than eight major generals—per-
haps I am mistaken, however; if so, some Senator
can set me right—yet I believe no one ever thought
of appointing some general-in-chief, on whom
should be bestowed the high-sounding imposing
title of lieutenant general.
What i-cason does the President assign in his
message wherefore this office should be establish-
ed ? Why, sir, for one, that we are carrying on
a war with Mexico with mingled troops, regulars
and volunteers. Was not that the case in the war
of 1812? For another, that the force which we
now employ is large. Was it not large in 1812?
Was England a less formidable foe than weak and
crippled Mexico? How stands the case between
us? Why, sir, on shore, on the soil, our war with
England was almost entirely a defensive war. She,
from her great maritime power, was enabled to
throw her troops into our country, and we were
occupied in repelling them, which we did success-
fully, thanks to the gallant spirit of the officers
and men composing our army. But how is it
now? We are almost in the heart of Mexico; the
foot of no foreign soldier pollutes our soil; our
agricultural labors are not disturbed. We are
suffering no evils inflicted upon us by a foreign foe
within the limits of our land. How does it hap-
pen, then, that what was not thought to be neces-
sary in 1812, against a great Power, should be
considered necessary now against the neighboring
republic of Mexico, though not exactly the con-
temptible enemy which she was once supposed to
be, because we have the best authority for thinking
now that the idea of a six weeks' contest has
passed away from the minds even of those who
are most apt to indulge in fictions of the imagina-
tion; for, on yesterday, we had it announced that
we are now, though warring against a despicable
foe, only at the beginning of this war. But still,
although it is true that Mexico is not the contempt-
ible foe which she has been represented to be
although she is showing that a nation roused for
the, purpose of protecting themselves from an in-
vading enemy, maybe strong if united yet still
every one must know her power is not to be com-
pared with ours, and that, as an enemy, she is not
worthy to be compared with the great nation to
which we were opposed in 1812.
But, in reference to the reasons which induced
the Senator from Kentucky and myself, as mem-
bers of the Military Committee of the Senate, to
be opposed to the bill;the same objections which
I then entertained still remain in full force. I lis-
tened attentively yesterday to what fell from the
honorable Senator from New York, for the purpose
of seeing whether, in reality, there was some just
reason for the passage of this measure, which, con-
cealed from my own observation, might be brought
forward and explained before me by the ingenuity
of the honorable Senator; but, sir, after the most
attentive consideration of what had fallen from the
Senator, I not only failed to have any objection I
entertained removed, but some suggestions of the
honorable Senator have brought "forward to my
mind new and overpowering and insuperable ob-
jections to what is now proposed to be done. The
honorable Senator has mentioned as one of the
reasons why this measure should be adopted, that
the number of troops—as in another connexion I
have already observed—that the number in our
service in the late war with England, was greater
than the number now in service; but, even if suffi-
cient reasons existed why that number of troops
should require a commander of the rank now pro-
posed, so far as that reason is concerned, it existed
in a much higher degree at that day. And, sir, if
there were any magic in the name of lieutenant
general, in virtue of which the spirits oP our own
troops would be invigorated and those of our ene-
my be diminished; if we required such magical
assistance at all, was it not required during the
dark period of the commencement of the war with
Great Britain? How, then, did it happen that this
remedy for evil was not thought of by Madison,
and by the parties of that day ? How did it hap-
pen that when the danger was greater, and when
patriotism was as great as it is now, if there be
virtue in the remedy now proposed, that it was
not thought of then? But the gentleman speaks
of this measure being required in accordance with
the regular military organization of an army; that
the proper command of a major general was from
3,500 to 4,000 men; and that something was due
to the arrangements which had formerly prevailed
among other nations—that something was due to
the customs of the world. But, sir, these argu-
ments, if they prove anything, if we are to have
an eye to conforming our military arrangements
to the established customs of foreign Powers, we
mu^t have several lieutenant generals; and when
we have several, permit me to say, there will exist
precisely the same necessity for inventing and es-
tablishing some other superior in rank in our ser-
vice, under whom the lieutenant general may ren-
der efficient service to the country. For I believe
it will be found, when you have three or four offi-
cers of that grade, that the eclat attending that rank
will pass away, and another and higher grade will
be looked for as eagerly as the first.
But another reason why such an officer is re-
quired, according to the honorable Senator, is on
account of the diffusion of our troops; hence the
necessity of having some eye of sufficient eleva-
tion to command the whole. Sir, so far as this is
concerned, the lieutenant general will, hy force of
his mere title, possess no greater powerof vision,
no greater skill or vigor of execution, than he
would possess under another title. That must
depend on his personal qualities and the power
committed to him. If he have the qualities, the
title is useless; and, if he ha^e them not, the title
will be worse than useless: for it will only make
imbecility and defeat more contemptible, as uni-
ting it with a high-sounding, promising title.
The third reason, if I recollect correctly the
views expressed by the honorable Senator, is,
that this office is necessary in order to prevent
some jealousy or reluctance to subordination; for
the Senator seemed to suppose, while he did full
credit to the gallant spirit of the officers of the
United States, that they might feel some reluctancc
to act in subordination to an officer holding no high-
er rank than themselves. Is it to be believed that
our noble Taylor, that our gallant Worth—is it to
be believed that he who is aptly called the hero of
the two battles of the Rio Grande, and he who
may with justice be called the hero of Monte-
rey—is it 'to be believed that these two men will
yield less willing obedience or cordial cooperation
to the hero of Lundy's Lane, because he bears
the simple designation of major general ? Sir,
what does this imply? It implies that these offi-
cers are deficient in that elevated spirit of intelli-
gence, that patriotic devotion to their country,
which should belong to them, and which would
induce them gladly to follow gallant leading, under
what name soever the leader might be called. But
