188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
then read a third time, and the question being
" Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. LEAKE presented reasons which would
induce him to vote against the bill, and against all
similar legislation. He complained that the House
seemed to have been converted into a magnificent
abolition society, and expressed his fears that the
abolitionists, after laying their profane hands on
the altars of religion and the halls of legislation,
would next assail the bulwarks of the Constitu-
tion itself, and break in like an avalanche on the
peace and security of the entire South. He was
sick and tired of compromises; the South had
entered into many, and they had all been violated.
He considered the vote of this morning as an indi-
cation that the Missouri compromise was consid-
ered as no longer of any obligation, and an intima-
tion that the institutions of the South were no
longer to be respected.
Mr. McCLERNAND disclaimed this interpre-
tation of his vote, and went into an explanation as
to the motives which had governed him.
Mr. WICK and Mr. KENNEDY also ex-
plained.
Mr. LEAKE then went on to state what he
considered as the ultimatum of the South, which
amounted to this, that if the present attempt to
impose limitations with respect to the extension of
slavery should be persisted in,and should prevail,
the South must stand in self-defence, for they ]S
could not and would not submit to it. He went i|
into a review of the adoption of the Wilmot pro- !j
viso—complained of the North for having thrown |j
a firebrand into the House—appealed to their jus- j;
tice and patriotism, and warned them to abandon |
their crusade against the rights of the South, or
they might see before long i( the beginning: of the [j
end," but God only could see its termination. I
Mr. DOUGLASS deprecated the forcing of this
question on the House at present: it would come
up legitimately on the bill appropriating funds for i;
the war, or on the bill providing two millions to !j
effect a peace; and intimated his intention when ||
Mr. Preston King's bill should come up to move to j1
amend it by introducing the Missouri compromise, |
instead of the total prohibition it contemplated in j
all the new territory we might acquire. As he j
thought that both sides had now been heard about
equally in the debate, he moved the previous j
question on the bill. He, however, though with i
much hesitation, consented to withdraw the mo- j
tion at the request of his colleague,
Mr. McCLERNAND, who explained Ins rea-
sons for having voted against the amendment by
Mr. Burt. He depiecated this dispute about sla-
very as promoting division and weakening our |
strength while in the midst of a war. He had i
opposed the bringing forward of Mr. Kivg's bill, |
and also of Mr. Burt's amendment; he considered i1
both as having a dangerous tendency. The fix-
ing of aline which was to separate between free j
States and slave States had a tendency to has-
ten a dissolution of the Union. He was opposed
to all interference with slavery in any State. He
said that ho had heard it suggested as a means to 1
mitigate mutual prejudices that the new States to ,j
be admitted hereafter should tolerate slavery for a I
limited time only, and gave some reasons m favor
of such a plan. He held that Congress has juris- j
diction over slavery in the Territories, because the J
acquisition of territory was a necessary attribute 1
of all Governments, and the power to acquire in- <'•
volved the power to govern. He considered the !'
prohibition in the ordinance of 1787 as superseded
oy the subsequent adoption of the Constitution, i
He deprecated the agitation of the question, as 'I
leading to no possible good, but to certain evil. jl
[Mr. McC.'s speech will be found in the Appen- !
dix.] '
Mr. RHETT followed in a close constitutional
argument, intended to prove that neither Congress I
nor the entiie Federal Government had the sover- i
eignty over the Territories; but that it lay in the 1
States as joint tenants, and that they had not given j
to Congress as tiieir agent any authority to make j
regulations in the Territories which could touch I
the subject of slavery in any way. All the States i
were sovereigns, and jointly owned the Territories, ;
and the States of the North could not turn those of i
the South out of their sovereignty over it, and so ■
could not prevent their people from entering there.
If they could, it would amount to a power to amend
the Constitution, since representation in Congress
must be affected and changed by the exclusion of
slaves. The southern States were as sovereign in
the Territories as they were in their own limits,
and Congress had no more right to exclude slavery
in the one than in the other. He replied with
warmth to the language which had been used by
Mr. Pettit.
Mr. THURMAN then obtained the floor, and
addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I shall make no apology for
trespassing on the attention of this House, after
the remarks made this morning by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Leake,] and after the neces-
sity which is created for explanation on the part
of those who voted against the amendment offered !
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt]
—a necessity created by that amendment itself.
That that necessity exists, every one who possesses
the slightest candor, the least frankness of judg-
ment, must admit. For, sir, what have we heard? ;
We have heard it boldly asserted thata vote against
that amendment was an indication of a disposition
to violate the Missouri compromise. We have i
heard it asserted, with equal boldness, that the fell
spirit of abolitionism lay at the bottom of the neg-
ative vote against that amendment; and we have
heard it asserted, if not to-day upon this floor, on
other days and in other places, that this opposition
to an extension of the line of the Missouri com-
promise is an effort made by Representatives of the
free States to court the votes of the Abolitionists;
in other words, I suppose that we are the "scurvy
politicians," to whom the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Leake] alluded, courting* the votes of the
Abolitionists of the free States. Furthermore, we
have heard it said, that opposition to the extension
of slave territory really arises here from hostility
to the Administration, and a desire to embarrass it
in the prosecution of the war. And now, when
all these grave charges are made against gentlemen
on this floor, and their recorded votes are to be
made proof to substantiate those charges, cer-
tainly no apology is requisite when any gentleman
rises here and sets himself right.
Sir, I propose to consider some of these charges:
and first, I ask with what justice does the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Leake] assume that we
who voted against the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina are disposed to violate the
Missouri compromise ? I deny the imputation—I
deny it. I would have voted against that amend-
ment, if for no other single reason, for this: that I
do not believe, after the fairest investigation I could
make of the subject, that the line of the Missouri
compromise extended one inch beyond the summit
of the Rocky Mountains. I never contended, in
the Oregon discussion, that our title to Oregon was
derived from the treaty by which we acquired Lou-
isiana; and every one knows that the line of the
Missouri compromise is expressly, m so many
words, confined to the territory acquired by that
treaty. If for no other reason, for this I 3hould
have voted against the amendment, as wholly inel-
evant, and unfounded in fact, carrying the impli-
cation that the Missouri compromise line extends
to the Pacific. In my opinion, it does not so ex-
tend. I know that some gentlemen entertain a
different opinion.
Another reason why I voted against the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina was,
that if the Missouri compromise did not reach
beyond the Rocky Mountains, this is a proposi-
tion to extend that compromise: in other words,
to make another compromise. And now I ask,
with what good sense this House will set about
making a compromise (which, in this case, signi-
fies a division) before we know that we shall have
anything to divide ? Who ever heard of a com-
promise before the thing compromised was actually
the property of those who undertook to divide it?
Why, what kind of a bargain is this for the free
States? Suppose we were willing to compromise;
suppose no one here entertained the views of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] who de-
clared that not a single foot of slave territory should
ever come into the Union by his vote; suppose we
were willing: to divide with the South fairly: with
what kind of face can southern gentlemen ask us
to compromise, when the whole extent of free ter-
ritory is entirely known, but the extent of what
may be slave territory is utterly unknown, and
may m time extend to the Isthmus of Panama ? I
| want to know how the friends of compromise,
I the friends of the whole Union, according to their
basis of keeping it together, can ask us, the people
of the free States, to say we ^|^ke so much;
we will limit free territory to asSSmned and cons
paratively narrow bounds; and we will consent
that all our further acquisitions in all time to come
(for we are not likely to acquire territory, except
at the South) shall be slave territory. I say, Mr.
Speaker, there is no frankness, no candor, no
propriety in proposing a compromise now. It is
now either the proposition of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. King,] or no proposition at all.
The time to speak of compromise has not arrived;
if you speak of compromise, you must wait till the
thing to be divided be ascertained, and it be known
how great a portion will fall to each party.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, if for no other,
I should have voted against the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina. I am no enemy
of the Missouri compromise, as far as that com-
promise extends. So far as it extends it has been
already executed, with a very little exception in-
deed; and I am for executing it so far as it remains
unexecuted. This has not been a question about
adhering to the Missouri compromise. That com-
promise, as I said before, reached only to the sum-
mit of the Rocky Mountains. All the territory
acquired of France south of 36° 30' is already
formed into States, with the exception of a little
west of the State of Arkansas—States in which
slavery is tolerated. That compromise, then,
instead of being violated, has been religiously
observed by the North, and will be religiously
observed. And let me tell gentlemen it does not lie
in their mouths to say, most unfairly and unjustly,
that the vote of this morning indicates any wish
to disturb the terms of the compromise, known as
the "Missouri compromise." There is no such
disposition.
The next charge, Mr. Speaker, and one which
I omitted to mention at the outset of my remarks,
made against the North, is, that this subject has
been thrust into this House by the North with
most inexcusable and deplorable folly. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I beg this House, and any out of this
House who may take interest in what as humble
a member as I may say, sufficient to read my re-
marks, to refer to what has taken place in this
House, and see on whom rests the responsibility
of this discussion. What have we seen in this
House at this session, and at the last, if you choose
to go back to it? At the last session the Wil-
mot proviso was offered to the two million bill;
it was carried; that bill passed this House; it
went to the Senate, and there was lost, not being
acted upon. The subject, then, was at an end.
The bill would not come up at this session; it
was not in Congress; it was a thing defunct, dead.
At this session the gentleman from New York,
from St. Lawrence county, [Mr. King,] gave
notice of his intention to bring it in again. He
asked leave of the House to bring it in again: that
leave was refused; and so the subject was kept
out of the House: it was not in the House. That
gentleman being misunderstood and misrepresented
in some of the public newspapers, saw fit to do
what gentlemen every day see fit to do—saw fit to
make a personal explanation upon this floor; and
the subject being one of the gravest importance,
upon which no man should speak- without deliber-
ation, and his very object being to correct misap-
prehension and avoid it in future, he committed to
writing the views which he at some length pre-
sented. He was replied to on the very day by the
gentleman from Alabama, from the Montgomery
district, [Mr. Hilliard,] and there the matter
ended again. The subject of slavery was not in
the House; there was no necessity for any more
speeches about it. The gentleman from New York
had made his personal explanation, andagentleman
from the South had replied to it, and there once
more this subject was brought to a dead stand.
What then took place? Why, some four or
five days afterwards, the army bill being under
consideration, another gentleman from Alabama,
representing the Mobile district, [Mr. Dargan,]
rose and made an elaborate, and, I must say,
in manner and language, a very calm, temperate
speech, and thus opened up this subject. He
was followed by the gentleman from Virginia,
from the Richmond district, [Mr. Seddon,] in
a speech of considerable feeling, not to say vio-
lence; and he was followed by the gentleman from
Georgia, on the opposite side of this House,
[Mr. Toombs,] who also made this subject the
burden of part of his speech. Here, then, were
