1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
three speeches, all from the South, all bring-
ing this subject into discussion, after it had ceased
to be legitimately or necessarily a subject of dis-
cussion m the House. Now, saying nothing of
the speech of the gentleman from Virginia, from
Harper's Ferry, [Mr. Bedinger,] and of others,
on the same subject, but coming to the voting on
this Oregon bill, what then did'wesee? A gen-
tleman, not from the North, but representing
in part one of the extreme southwestern States,
[Mr. Adams of Mississippi,] rises in his place, and
introduces this subject into the House, by an
amendment offered to this Oregon bill. It was not
in the House until then—untiHhe amendment was
offered by the gentleman from Mississippi. Then,
legitimately, the subject was brought into the
House. There was no necessity to ask a suspen-
sion of the rules, no necessity to ask leave to in-
troduce a bill: the amendment could be offered,
and offered it was. And thus it was, after these
three elaborate speeches and numerous* others, that
the proposition first got into the House, on tne mo-
tion of a gentleman from the extreme southwest.
Mr. RHETT interposed, and (Mr. T. yielding
the floor) inquired, if it was not a subject of the
very bill which was in committee? Was not sla-
very excluded in so many terms by the very bill
we were now considering? And how, then, could
the gentleman say this subject was not 111 the
House?
Mr. THURMAN. I answer, that I understand
the gentleman, and all who speak with him, to say,
that they are not opposed to the prohibition of
slavery in Oregon territory. This House is unani-
mous m that position. If that is the case, then I
want to know where was the subject of discus-
sion?—the subject which would have divided this
House for one moment, if the bill as reported by
the committee had been allowed to pass, without
attempting to add to it this amendment?
Mr. WOODWARD interposed and said, he
wished to state the position of the South, which he
understood to be this: that if the North were wil-
ling to abide by the Missouri compromise line to
the Pacific, the South would agree to prohibit
slavery in Oregon.
Mr. THURMAN, (continuing.) The gentle-
man now states that is the ground of the South.
Well, heretofore, I understand theie has been no
objection made to the prohibition m the Oregon ter-
ritory; and, certainly, the first amendment moved,
that produced a discussion on it, was the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi. What
next? The amendment was withdrawn. Then,
those who hoped the discussion would be post-
poned till a more suitable time, began to brighten
up; but, lo! and behold! a gentleman from the ex-
treme South, the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Burt,] moves it once more, and makes an
hour's speech in support of it. And how was it
this morning? Why, we were determined to take
a vote. Some of us, who wished to express our
views, voted for the previous question, thinking
we would defer speaking until a more proper oc-
casion presented itself; and we hoped a vote would
betaken. Butwhatdo wesee? Why,a gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Leake,]—and i don't assume
to blame him—a gentleman trom Virginia, prompt-
ed, no doubt, by excellent feelings, and desirous to
speak for his own State, got up and made another
speech on this question, on the passage of the
bill; and hence the discussion to-day. Now, Mr.
Speaker, in view of all these things, it will not do
to put the responsibility (if responsibility there be)
of raising this subject upon us of the North.
Mr. LEAKE interposed, and the floor being
yielded, said he did not acknowledge by any
means that any southern gentleman, particularly
himself, was responsible for this debate. He re-
ferred to what had taken place at the close of the
last session of Congress on the Wilmot proviso,
and to the premonitions given to the South of a
design on the part of the North to disregard the
rights of the South in any territory that might be
acquired by our common treasure and blood. It
was thrown in this session by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. King,] who, under the guise of a
peisonal explanation, made a long speech; and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,]
and every gentleman from that section who had
spoken, had seen fit to introduce it. The South,^
therefore,, were not responsible for the agitation of
the question now.
Mr. THURMAN (resuming.) I said, and I
repeat, that I have no doubt but the gentleman
from Virginia was actuated by the very best mo-
tives. And now I come to say what J intended to
say, and that is, that so far from regretting that this
subject has been introduced into this House, if I
were a gentleman from the South, I should say, per-
haps, that it is due in all fairness to the South, that
the views of members from other portions of the
Union should be understood now. I say further,
those gentlemen from the South who have intro-
duced this subject, have possibly acted wisely, be-
cause it may be due to the South, if the North does
intend,asthegentleman fromNewYork [Mr. King]
and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] said
it intended, that not a single rood of territory here-
after acquired shall be slave territory, to let it be
known now. And therefore, so far from casting
reproaches upon the gentleman from New York,
who asked leave to offer his bill, or upon any-
body, I say the South possibly ought to be glad
that this subject is now brought before the House,
if indeed the North is determined, as we hear it
said, that it will not allow any vnoie territory to be
acquired for slavery. For what would be the ar-
gument, if we were to go on fighting against Mexi-
co, spending our common treasure and spilling our
common blood to acquire territory—with what kind
of faith could the North come and say, after the
treaty of peace was concluded and territory was
acquired, that we had a mental reservation that it
should not be made slave territory ? Would it be a
manly course on the part of the North; and may it
not be judicious on the part of the South to have
an understanding now, while the war is going on,
and oefore a treaty of peace is ratified, of what dis-
position the North intend to make of this territory ?
I will not undertake to answer these questions; and
I certainly will not presume to condemn those who
honestly think the question should be decided now.
They have a right to their opinions, and whether
they are erroneous, can, perhaps, be disclosed by
time alone. I would, indeed, prefer that the bills
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means
providing the means for carrying on the war should
be acted upon first. But more of that hereafter.
But it certainly does not lie in the mouths of
southern gentlemen to say, here has been a firebrand
thrust into the House; because if it is the intention
of the North not to vote for slavery in any subse-
quently acquired territory, it acts tairly m stating
that determination now, so that every portion of
the Union may know it.
And now I come to another charge, viz: that
this inteidict upon slavery in terntoiy that may
be acquired, arises from opposition to the Admin-
istration and a desire to embarrass it in the prose-
cution of the war. I hardly know how to answer
such a miserable charge. So far as the northern
Democracy is concerned, how did they stand on
the vote for a war with Mexico? Although they
felt the Oregon settlement to have been an error;
although they thought that Congress did not stand
up to Great Britain as it should; although they felt
that the interests of the North had been sacrificed
by the Oregon treaty; yet when the news of the
Mexican attack of our forces on the Rio Grande
reached this city, where did northern Democracy
—yes, and with few exceptions—where did north-
ern Whigery stand on the vote on the bill pla-
cing at the disposal of the President ten million
dollars and fifty, thousand men? There were only
fouiteen nays, as is well known. Where, from
that day to this, is the northern Democrat, and
with few exceptions, the northern Whig, who has
voted against supplies? Where has been the least
disposition to vote against supplies to embarrass
the Administration ? Certainly none can be shown
on the part of the northern Democracy
Well, 011 what is it that this charge is hinged ?
Why, it is said that this restriction is introduced
here to form part of a treaty which may be made
with Mexico. I repudiate it. If I had a vote
upon treaties, I never would vote for a treaty that
stipulated one thing or another about our muni-
cipal concerns: they have noplace in a treaty with
a foreign Power. This proposition, therefore, has
nothing to do either with the prosecution of the
war, or with a treaty that may be made. So far
i from that, so far as my observation extends, I un-
i dertake to say that not even the gentleman from
| Indiana would vote for this Wilmot proviso if it
j were attached to a bill of supplies for the prosecu-
! tion of the war. There is not one Democrat from
1 the North who would do iL There is, therefore,
no justice in saying that this proposition is intro-
duced with any desire to embarrass the Adminis-
tration in the prosecution of the war.
But now I come to the more serious charges.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, that this proposition to
interdict slavery comes from a set of" scurvy poli-
ticians," seeking to court Abolition votes. Now,
he has studied the philosophy of parties to but
little purpose who can attribute any such design
as that. Why, what is the Abolition party ? It
is a small faction, whose whole power depends on
its separate organization—a small faction, whose
separate organization is necessary not only to its
power, but to its very existence. It cannot cast
even a shade or a color on the legislation of the
country, whenever it becomes fused with either of
the two great parties which divide the country.
Now, is it to be supposed that the men at the
head of the Abolition party are wholly ignorant of
this fact, and that they would submit to merge
themselves in either of the two great parties of the
North? I may appeal to the experience of the
northern States. The Whig party has courted
the Abolitionists—and to what purpose, and with
what effect? The Whig party of the North op-
posed the admission of Texas, advocated <;the
right of petition," (as it was called,) the right to
send incendiary and insulting memorials here upon
a subject with which the people out of the District
of Columbia have very little to do. The Whig
party of the northern States stood by the Aboli-
tionsts in all these things. Not only that: where-
ever they have had the power, they have sought
to give increased privileges to the negroes of the
North, and to remove the restrictions upon them.
I might cite in proof the action of the Whig party
in Ohio and New York. And what has been the
result? Has the Abolition party been merged
into the Whig party? Has the number of its
votes decreased? On the contrary, has it not
kept up its separate organization, and j^ear by
year slowly but steadily increased ? Every man
knows it. Why, the gentleman from Virginia
referred to the distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who represents the Boston district, [Mr.
Wintiirop,] and to some remarks he made on this
subject in favor of the interdict of slavery. Now,
does not that gentleman know, and does not every
member of this House know, that the most violent
opposition the gentleman from Massachusetts re-
ceived at the late election was from the Abolition-
ists themselves—that it was an opposition ten
times more violent than that of his legitimate oppo-
nents ? And what have we heard of this party,
again and again, in the public newspapers, on this
floor, and elsewhere ? That owing to the separate
organization of the Abolitionists—owing to their
refusal to merge with either of the two great parties
—Mr. Polk obtained the vote of the State of New
York, and was thereby elected President. The
moment this third party loses its separate organiza-
tion, that moment it loses its existence; and the
effort of the Abolitionists is, and has been, to ac-
quire the balance of power, and hence they have
continued in their distinct organization. Doesnot
every one see that that is the fact? The idea of
courting Abolition votes is the most ridiculous and
preposterous thing in the world. And above all,
it is most ridiculous and preposterous to suppose
that the Democratic party of the North is seeking
to court the Abolitionists. Between the Demo-
cratic party and the Abolitionists, there are many,
many wounds. The contest between them has
been an active contest. On the contrary, between
the Whigs of the North and the Abolitionists it has
not been an active contest: there are no wounds
to heal. The Abolitionists, in endeavoring to re-
cruit from the Whigs, are not met with active
opposition, but simply with the vis inertia of the
party; while on the other hand 
The SPEAKER here interposed, and reminded
the gentleman from Ohio that m the House it was
important that the gentleman confine himself to the
subject-matter before them; nothing but the Oregon
discussion, and the subject of slavery indirectly,
was in order under the rules.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope, after the latitude
that has been allowed to other gentlemen, no bit
will be put in my mouth.
Mr. ASHMUN. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent only, with a suspension of the rules.
[Cries of " Go on, go on."]
