190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
And no one objecting,
Mr. THURMAN, thanking the House for its
indulgence, and disavowing any intention to tres-
pass on the rules, although he confessed he knew
nothing about them, [a laugh] proceeded:
What I said was, that the Abolition party has
met not only with resistance from the Democratic
party of the North, but with active resistance;
that the Democratic party has not received behind
intrenchments the assaults of the Abolitionists, but
with shield on arm and blade in hand has advanced
to the open field to meet and repel them. But riot
so with 'the AVhig party: they only oppose the vis
inertias of their party organization; and therefore,
if anybody was to gain anything by courting Abo-
lition votes, it never would be such gentlemen as
the gentlemen from New York and Indiana—it
would not be the Democratic party; and gentle-
men must consequently look to some other motive
which prompts them to the course of action they
take than a desire to court Abolition votes.
I now come, Mr. Speaker, to the last charge:
that is, that the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina was voted down by the " fell
spirit of Abolitionism," and that that spirit is now
predominant in this Hall: in other words, that
those who are opposed to the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina, and a fortiori those
who are in favor of the bill of the gentleman from
New York, are, in principle and at heart, Aboli-
tionists. If that be the case, the Abolition party
has received a wonderful accession in a short space
of time; it numbers one hundred and thirteen votes
in this Hall, and embraces the entire body of both
the great parties in the free States, with very few
exceptions. Why will not gentlemen think before
they make such a charge? What is the fundamental
principle of the Abolition party ? A mere general
disinclination to slavery? If that is the case, the
Abolition party consists of the entire North. A
belief that slavery is injurious to any community
in which it exists? If that is it, the A&olition party
embraces all the free States. Is that it? No such
thing. The Abolition party is based on no such
vague, indefinite principles. The distinction be-
tween the Abolitionists and the Whig and Demo-
cratic parlies of the North, is a fundamental one—
plain and palpable. The two great parties of the
North, W hig and Democratic, with scarcely a sin-
gle exception, are utterly opposed to interfering
with slavery in the States where it exists. They
are for standing by the Constitution as it is, and
they will be the very last men to violate a single
right guarantied by the Constitution; while, 011
the othei hand, the Abolition party is founded on
this very principle: that in order to sccure the
abolition of slavery in this Government, constitu-
tions, laws, and governments, and peace, must all
be prostrated if it be necessary to the attainment of
that end. That is the difference between these
parties. Before this idol of emancipation which
the Abolitionists have set up, the Constitution, if
needs be, must fall and lie in the dust. When
opposed to their mistaken philanthropy, or, what I
believe is still nearer the truth, with many of them,
their impudent knavery, no human law is so sacred,
no guarantee of the Constitution so inviolable but
they would utterly disregard and trample upon it.
That is the Abolition faction which deserves the
name of faction: it is nothing but a faction. That
is the Abolition party of the northern States; and
between it and the two great parties there is a
gulf as wide as that between Constitution and
no Constitution, between anarchy and law itself.
It is nonsense to talk about our being Abolition-
ists in principle because we resist the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina; or
even to declare it of those who go as far as the
gentleman from Indiana. And gentlemen from
the South should understand that there is no such
feeling. Sir, I make a declaration which I have
reflected on, and deliberately; which I have made
upon the stump, and now repeat here; which I
do most solemnly believe, although I may differ
from many in opinion on this subject: it is, that if
the question were this day piesented to the people
of Omo, whether the slaves of the State of Ken-
tucky should be emancipated, there would be a
laiger proportional majority in the State of Ohio
against emancipation than there would be if the
same question were proposed to the Kentuckians
themselves. That 1 do most solemnly believe.
Why so? Why, the circumstances alluded to by
my colleague, [Mr. Sawyer,] the other day of
the Mercer county occurrence, shed some light
upon this subject. The people of the free States are
secured from the evil of the institution of slavery
by their fundamental laws. By their constitu-
tions they prohibit the existence of slave popula-
tion in their country. That is one thing in which
they consider themselves great gainers. But they
would consider themselves very little gainers in-
deed, by this prohibition, if their States could be
overrun by a free negro population. Of the two,
the evils of a slave population, and a free negro j
population, those of the slave population are pos- j
sibly not the greater. !
I know in that opinion many at the North may ]
not concur;- but I believe when put to the test it j
will be found to be the opinion of the people of |
Ohio. Gentlemen from the East, where scarcely :
any negroes are found, where great efforts are .
made to arouse the philanthropy of the people, ,
and excite prejudice against the South, may not
think so ; but if they lived on the frontier of a 1
free State adjoining a slave State, if they under- ,
stood the feelings of the people there, if they saw ;
the evils of a free negro population, they would j
then understand how it is that the people of a State ,
like Indiana, Ohio, or Illinois, would resist to the >
uttermost, yes, to the uttermost, the introduction j
of free negroes into their territory, or any system
that would produce that result. Sir, if the day of
emancipation shall come—the day when the slave
States shall consider it their interest to free their
negroes—much more if the day shall come when jl
they shall enact laws, pursuant to such recommend- j!
ationsas thatofthepresentChief Magistrateof Vir- j
gmia, to exclude the free negroes as soon as rnanu- i
mitted, and thus turn them over into the free States, j
and the shores of the Ohio shall be darkened by [
multitudes of those degraded beings threatening to ;
overrun us, then wdl scenes take place at which j
the heart of every good man will mourn, but which j
all the prayers and all the efforts of the most be-
nevolent will be unable to prevent; for I declare ;
that before the people of Ohio will be deluged with I
a free negro population, be it law or no law, be '
it philanthropic or not philanthropic, they will j
repel the intruders even with the sword. Why, ,
we know what would be the effect with us of a |
free negro population. My colleague who stands 1
before me could tell how the property in almost an i
entire county is depreciated in value, and its labor !
'interfered with, by a free negro colony within its j
limits; and let me tell gentlemen of the South there I
is an interest in this matter in the free States, owing .
to the danger of being overrun by a degraded, j
worthless free negro population—an interest to
oppose emancipation, just as powerful and quite as I
active, when once aroused, as is your interest, to 1
maintain the institution of slavery among your-
selves. I do believe there are slave States which, if
they could get rid of their negroes now, would
deem it their interest to emancipate them; and the
man who taunts the South with slavery, lacks that '
first essential quality of a fair mind—justice, can-
dor, not to say honesty, (which gentlemen might
think too harsh a charge.) The South are not
responsible for the existence of slavery among
them. It did not come upon them by their own
act; and he is destitute of the noble and honorable
feelings of our nature and recreant to duty, who
will reproach tliem with the existence of an insti-
tution which they did not themselves erect, and
the difficulty of gettins rid of which is so great that
men despair of it, and therefore are compelled to
let things remain as they are.
It is 110 kind of miserable, mistaken philanthro-
py, or of more disgusting knavery, that prompts
tile people of the free States to resist the extension
of our slave territory, but reasons obvious t.o every
man who sits down coolly and reflects on this
subject. What are they ?
Why, first, the members from the free States
are anxious to see subsequently acquired territory
free territory, because, notwithstanding the inge-
nious argument of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] we do believe that we
have the right to legislate for the territory belong-
ing to the "United States. I shall not, Mr. Chair-
man, in the few minutes left me, attempt to answer
the arguments of that learned gentleman; and
perhaps I might not, had I time, be willing to
bring myself so directly in contact with such emi-
nent abilities; but this I will say: his argument,
based on the idea that the ultimate sovereignty in
this Government is in the people, or, as State-
rights men would say, in the States, is nothing
more than may be said of any other Government.
Why, there is 110 jus divinum in any government,
however despotic. In Russia, China, and Aus-
tria, the ultimate sovereignty, according to all sen-
sible reasoning, is in the people ; and, therefore,
to say the ultimate sovereignty is in the people,
or in the States, is to prove nothing at all upon the
question where the power rests to legislate for a ter-
ritory we may acquire. What is the power given
to Congress? " To make all needful rules and regu-
lations respecting the territory or other property
belonging to the United States." And the gentle-
man from South Carolina construes that to mean
the United States in their separate capacities. The
term "United States" is used to imply the Con-
federacy. The name of the Confederacy is the
United States of America; the name is plural, be-
cause the Confederacy is made up of many parts;
and the words " United States," in the clause of
the Constitution the gentleman read, instead of
proving that the territory belongs to the States in
their separate capacities, show that it belongs to
this Confederacy—the United States of America.
And it would be sufficient proof—as is suggested
by a respected colleague—in case any other were
wanted of this position, that this very clause of
the Constitution which speaks about the property
belonging to the United States, goes on and de-
signates and distinguishes between " the United
States" and the different independent States, by-
providing, "And nothing in this Constitution shall
be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the
United States, or of any particular State." I shall
not go into this argument any farther than merely
to ask the gentleman how he came to vote for the
amendment of his colleague, if we have no power
over the subject ? I do not ask him to answer now,
out of my hour, (which is almost gone,) but any
time when he has the floor. If Congress has no
power to regulate the subject of slavery in this ter-
ritory, I ask the gentleman how he voted for his
colleague's proposition:
But, Mr. Speaker, what is the power given here?
"To make all needfulrulesand regulations." What
is a rule ? Why, the very definition of law is, that
it is a rule of action prescribed by the supreme
power—not by the ultimate sovereignty. The
supreme power in a government is the organized
government; the ultimate sovereignty is that which
ordains government itself. And what is a law, but
the rule of the supreme power? The supreme power
may make rules; and the rules, when thus made,
are nothing less than laws. And do we not pass
laws to organize Territorial Governments ? Do we
| not compel the Territorial Legislatures to submit
1 their laws to us ? And how is that ? If we have
the law-making power for one purpose, why not
in reference to this institution ? If we can regulate
all the municipal concerns of a Territory under this
clause of the Constitution, as we have done m every
| Territory which has been organized, how is it this
I particular subject of slavery is excluded from the
! rest ?
! Now, I come to notice the arguments of the gen-
' tleman from South Carolina. He referred to the
j case of " Groves vs. Slaughter," I presume, [Mr.
j Burt nodded assent,] in which he says the Su-
i preme Court expressed the opinion, that the Con-
| gress of the United States could not legislate
' respecting the transmission of slaves from one
j State to another. Now, what was that case? The
I State of Mississippi had put into her constitution
j: a proviso, that slaves should not be introduced into
1 Mississippi for the purpose of sale. Slaves were,
! nevertheless, introduced, and sold upon credit, and
: notes given for payment. These notes, not being
: paid, were sued upon: and the defence was, that
i being given contrary to the provisions of the eon-
i stitution of Mississippi, they were absolutely void,
lj and could not be collected. And what was the
ji opinion expressed by the Supreme Court? When
j it was said that the constitution of Mississippi was
![ repugnant to the Constitution of the United States,
:| and interfered with that clause which confers the
jj power to regulate commerce upon Congiess, the
I! Supreme Court expressed its opinion, ^that that
! | clause of the Constitution did not touch the case._
j; Well, 011 what ground did they decide? for it is
I this which made me feel no little surprise when the
|| gentleman from South Carolina quoted thisopinioil,
ji which makes directly against him, as I conceive,
jj Why, on the ground that negroes were persons,
i! and not simply "property," within the meaning
