1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
of the clause of the Constitution in which is given
to Congress the power to regulate commerce. That
is the ground; and, therefore, not being a mere sub-
ject of trade and commerce, within the meaning of
the word " commerce" in the Constitution of the
United States, Congress has no power to prevent
any State from making laws to exclude them from
its territory.
Mr. BURT. Has Congress, then, the power
to prohibit any person from going to Oregon?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer that question
presently.
It was the opinion of the Supreme Court, then,
that these persons are not the subjects of " com-
merce" within the meaning of the clause of the
Constitution giving to Congress the power to regu-
late commerce; and therefore that this provision of
the Constitution did not apply to the case.
Another reason why this clause of the Constitu-
tion does not apply to the matter before the House
is, that the power given to Congress to regulate
commerce, refers to commerce between the United
States and foreign countries, and between the sev-
eral States, and not the commerce between the
States and Territories. That being the case, there
is nothing 111 this provision about regulating com-
merce to interfere with the right of Congress to
regulate slavery in the Territories. And the opin-
ion referred to in " Groves vs. Slaughter," that a
State may prohibit the introduction of slaves within
its limits, strengthens, instead of weakens, the
argument that Congress may interdict it in a Ter-
ritory—Coneress being the supreme law-making
power of a Territory. .
The gentleman asks me, can Congress say that
nobody from Ohio or South Carolina can go to
Oregon? I answer: the Constitution guaranties
that "the citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States;" and that being the case, you can-
not forbid a white man in South Carolina from
going to Oregon or elsewhere. But slaves are not
"citizens" within the meaning of the Constitution,
and may be prohibited. This is a reason why we
can prohibit slaves from going into a Territory,
because within the Constitution of the United
States they are not citizens.
I see I have but five minutes left, and shall be
obliged merely to mention the points which I
wished to make.
Why, then, does the Worth insist on opposing
the extension of slave territory ? I answer—
Because, first, As the municipal legislature of
the Territories, it is the duty of Congress to pro-
mote their interests. This was presented very
fully by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
¥ Grover.] The people of the free States think,
whether erroneously or not, that it is for the inter-
est of any country that slavery be prohibited; and,
thinking so, we, as the legislative power over the
Territories, deem it our duty, where it can be done
without too great a sacrifice, to exclude slavery
from them.
Another reason: that Congress is the national
legislature, and therefore must look to the, national
interest; and as the strength and prosperity of the
nation is composed of the strength and prosperity
of its parts, it is the duty of Congress—no insuper-
able obstacle standing in the way—to pursue such
a course of policy as shall strengthen in the great-
est degree the United States; and believing that free
territory would be more populous, wealthy, abun-
dant in resources and everything that makes great
a nation, it is for the national interest to have as
much free territory as possible, compatible with
the existence of the4Union.
The last reason that I shall mention why this
opposition to the extension of slavery exists in
the North, is, that no limit can be seen to the
extension of slave territory if Such an interdict
is not interposed. We cannot acquire free terri-
tory. What we saw at the last session ought to
convince us that we are not likely to fight John
Bull to acquire it. Why, sir, the eloquent gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] quite
frightened us out of our propriety by his descrip-
tion of the roar of the British lion; and all the
roarins: back of my friend from Indiana before me
[Mr. Kennedy] was insufficient to restore our
equanimity.
When Mr. T.'s hour expired, Mr. HAMLIN
obtained the floor,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 16, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by the hands of his
Private Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secreiary of War, made agree-
ably to law, accompanied by a statement showing
the expenditures on account of the national armo-
ries, and the number of arms manufactured at the
same during the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1846.
petitions.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of
lehabod Jordan, collector at the port of Saco,
Maine, praying an increase of his compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the memorial of
William H. Prentiss, praying compensation for
services rendered as a clerk, while holding the
appointment of assistant messenger in the Depart-
ment of State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, the memorial of the President and Fellows
of Harvard College, praying that the duties on
books and philosophical apparatus imported for
the use of colleges and other scientific or literary
institutions, may be abolished; which was referred
i to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the memorials of the executors of Obed
| Mac% deceased, and others, citizens of Nantucket,
i Massachusetts; of Charlotte Dorr, widow of An-
diew C. Dorr; of the heirs of Philip Hammond,
deceased; and of the heirs and legal representatives
of Thomas Brown and Gilman White, severally
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which were referred to the select committee
on that subject.
On presenting these petitions, Mr. W. said, he
would take occasion to state that one of the memo-
rialists is eighty-four years of age, and had waited
nearly fifty years for the allowance of her claim.
After this long waiting, if that itself did not con-
stitute a sufficient reason why she should not be
paid at all, she hopes that she may bo paid soon.
Also, the petition of citizens of Oxford county,
Maine, praying the adoption of measures for the
speedy termination of the war with Mexico; which
was laid upon the table.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of Abigail
Garland, widow of a deceased revolutionary sol-
dier, praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
petition of citizens of New
Mr. D1X presented a ,
u 0   York, praying that a portion of public land may
The third reason is, that, in the opinion of the l! be appropriated, for the purpose of aiding in the
North, it is inconsistent with the genius of our in- ' " ' 1 ''  T
stitutions, and injurious to the character of the
United States, to extend slavery. Where it exists,
let it exist, says the North; but do not extend it by
the action of the General Government, and convert
what is now free, into slave territory; and especi-
ally when the only probable means of our acquiring
foreign territory is by arms.
There is another reason ye .
States erected out of territory acquired subsequently
to the formation of the Constitution, six are slave
States, to wit—Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, Arkansas, and Missouri; and but one,
(Iowa,) is free. And yet gentlemen talk about the
South having lost by the Missouri compromise 1
and the North being the gainer!! We do not
think so at the North.
j construction of a railroad from Lake Michigan to
' the Pacific Ocean; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of Elizabeth
Bemner, praying indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which was referred to the select
committee on that subject.
Mr. PHELPS presented the memorial of John
There is another reason yet. viz: Because, of the ] > p. Mullony, late United States consul at Tangier.
— ■■  -*--•*     ! Morocco, praying to be indemnified for losses sus-
tained by him, in consequence of the refusal of an
officer commanding a United States vessel to con-
vey him to his destination; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN; from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred the bill
from the House for the relief of Joshua Shaw, re-
ported the same back without amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the bill from
the House for the relief of the heirs of Sergeant
Major John Champe, reported the same back with-
out amendment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Thomas H. Noble;
I which was read and passed to the second reading,
j Mr. R., from the same committee, reported ad-
| versely upon the petition of the representatives of
■ George Mayo, deceased; and made a similar report
j upon the petition of R. G. Doye.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Committee on
; Claims was discharged from the consideration of
| the petition of Oscar F. Pitman, and it was refer-
j red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
i Roads.
j national road.
| Mr. J-TANNEGAN, from the Committee on
, Roads and Canals, reported a bill to extend the
national road to the city of Alton, on the Mis-
sissippi river; which was read and passed to the
1 second reading.
j smithsonian institution.
Mr. BREESE rose and stated that there was a
vacancy in the Board of Regents of the Smithso-
nian institution occasioned by the death of Senator
Pennybacker, and that it was important that the
same be filled, inasmuch as there was to be a meet-
ing of the Board of Regents on the 20th of this
month, at which important business would be
brought forward.
Mr. B. referred to the law in relation to the mode
of making appointments to fill vacancies occurring
in the said board, which directs that such vacan-
cies shall be filled in the same manner as vacancies
occurring in standing committees of the Senate.
These were filled either by election on the. part
of the Senate or by the appointment of the pre-
siding officer. He moved that the Vice President
be authorized to appoint a person to fill the va-
cancy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that he was en-
tirely satisfied with the appointments which had
been made, although they were made after the ad-
journment of Congress, and consequently he had
no participation in making them. But as a vacan-
cy now occurred during a session of Congress, he
thought it would be proper that the Senate should
exercise its right to select a person to fill that va-
cancy. He was the more desirous that this should
be done, inasmuch as he had in his mind a gentle-
man who had lately distinguished himself in wri-
ting upon this subject, and who, he believed, would
be the proper person to be selected.
Mr. EVANS reminded the Senator from Ken-
tucky that the person to be appointed must be a
member of the Senate.
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh ! that being the case,
I Mr. President, I offer no further objection to the
I motion. The person I wished to see appointed is
' Dr. Bird.
j Mr. WESTCOTT said, when the Smithsonian
I bill was befoie Congress at the last session he was
j opposed to it, and he believed he voted against it
; throughout when present in the Senate, while it
' was under consideration. He bad many objec-
! tions to the bill. An insuperable one was, that he
j objected to those provisions by which Senators and
i Representatives were to be appointed "regents,"
i an office, created by the law passed by themselves.
He had no idea that it was constitutional, or in any
wise proper, for members of Congress to make
offices for themselves of this character. The office
of regent was a civil vO'iee—and the Constitution
prohibited members of Congress from being ap-
pointed to any office created "during the term for
which they were elected." It was an office of
trust and honor, and, in some respects, of emolu-
ment. With this belief, he should not vote upon
this motion, to which he had no other objection.
1 If he voted against it, his vote would be subject to
I misconstruction. He knew a majority of the Sen-
ate differed with him on the constitutional question
■ he had adverted to, but on such a question lie must
i obey the dictates of his own conscience.
| The motion of Mr. Breesh was then agreed to.
i vacancies in committees.
1 On motion, the Vice President was authorized
