194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
Mr. SIMMONS. "Well, then, he understood j
the Senator from Missouri to say, it was a great
offence to attach the land bill to the army bill—a
very great offence. However, the only objection |
he had to it now was, that among the amendments ;
offered yesterday, this was one, and the course j
now proposed seemed to be stealing a march on
those other amendments. He did not suppose
that the Senatpr from Missouri would offer an
offensive amendment to a bill which came from a
committee of which he was the head; but having
been offered, he thought it should stand a fair and
even chance with the rest.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator seems, in the re-
marks he has made—■—
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot hear the Senator.
Mr. BENTON. You will presently. What
the Senator from Rhode Island is pleased to say,
seems on its face to be a little censorious, something
in the shape of a blow. It is entirely agreeable to
me, however, because it puts me in a condition to
undeceive the gentleman upon this point; for I value
his good will—I value it—and I would not on any
account have any mistake on the subject. He
now thinks it was a little inconsistent for me to
offer this as an amendment to the army bill yes-
terday. How came I to offer it? Because there
had already been offered four, five, six, or seven
amendments, and not one of them embiaced that
great point—security of the land to the soldier.
Mir ALLEN thought there could be no great
difficulty about this matter. It was not necessary
that there should be any controversy on the sub-
ject. There had not rcached his ear the slightest
expression showing the existence of any diveisity
of opinion on the question of giving bounty lands
to the soldiers. The only question was, whcthei
they should secure, by a separate bill, the bounty
land to the soldier before they passed another bill
to increase the number of soldiers, by an addition
often regiments. When that bill whs before the
Senate a few days ago, it was made the subject of
discussion, and propositions were offered to con-
nect bounty lands with it. Well, it was said on
that occasion that the proposition required some
details more than it contained, and therefore that
it was better the proposition should be withdrawn,
that the army bill might be passed instanter, that
the filling up of the army might at once be pro-
ceeded with, and that the next day, or on an early
convenient day, the Senate should take up the
subjeet of bounty lands, and the will of Congress
be expressed theiuon. But that was objected to.
It was said that the inducement to enrol should go
with the call for enrolment. But before the hour
for adjournment arrived, the Senate was so well
convinced that some precautions were necessary
in any arrangement that might be made for a
bounty land system, that those who weie in favor
of doing it in connexion with that bill, moved to lay
it on the table to get one night to consider the
proper clauses by which it could be done. Weil,
another day arrived, and that day brought forth
fresh forms by which Senators proposed to accom-
plish the same object. These fresh forms were
introduced as amendments, and they were multi-
plied so much, th.it another day was deemed neces-
sary for their consideration, to enable Senators to
choose between them. Well, still another day had
arrived, and now it was proposed to dispose of;
this bounty land proposition first. It was proposed '
not to withhold the tender of bounty until they had
called for the tioops, but to make the tender of
bounty in advance. And they were also told that
it would not do to offer the land in advance and
secure by law the certainty of reward to the sol-
dier who is afterwards expected to enrol. Now,
where was there any absolute necessity for this
controversy 5
Mr. A had not heard one Senator declare that
he objected to give a land bounty. He had not
heard one Senator say lie was unwilling to vote
one hundred and sixty acres of land. Not one.
Yet they were there controverting: a thing which
no human being has disputed. Why, then, could
they not take up these, tilings by themselves?
First anangc this bounty land system; or must
they, by one vote of the Senate, lay it aside and
then a moment after take it by another vote of
the Senate? Yet that was proposed. It was pro-
posed to lay it aside, as a separate proposition,
and to take it up as a connected proposition. And
wherefore? Wherefore? He did not see any
propriety in it. He was so thoroughly convinced
that there was no diversity of sentiment, in the
Senate on the subject of extending bounty to tne
soldier, that he believed there would not be two
hours spent in deliberation, if they would but take
them up and proceed to their consideration as sep-
arate propositions.
There was, however, in the bill of the Senator
from Missouri an omission—an accidental omis-
sion of course—of a few words to make it icach
all the troops who had volunteered for one year,
and who shall have served out that year. When,
however, that bill was taken up, that omission
could be supplied; and then the other propositions
could be taken up also, and the bill made perfect
before it became a law. There could not then be
any difficulty in the matter. Well, then, having
passed this bill, giving bounty land to the troops,
they could pass to the other bill, which calls for the
troops, and then there would be no room for any
controversy, as indeed there was no occasion for it.
He did not suppose that anybody there wished to
defeat either of these bills. The only question
was one of priority. Take them up separately,
and probably the Senator from Pennsylvania
would be guitified before night of seeing them both
pass.
While he was up he would say one word m ore
The Senator from Pennsylvania yesterday made ;
some remarks, in the course of which he said he
had reason to believe that if this bill passed, and
ten regiments were called for, they would be en-
rolled m companies, and take the character of reg-
ular troops. Now, if that were the case, as he
(Mr. A.) hoped it would be, these volunteers
would be the best regular troops that the world
ever saw—especially if they were allowed to elect
their own officers. He concluded by calling for
the yeas and nays on postponing.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS - Mc^rs. Archer. Bulger. Rerncn, Cameron, Cil-
ley, Thomas Clnvton, J. M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Davton, Evans. Gieene, ITannegan, Huntington, Johmon
of Maryland, Miller. Mo-ehc.ul, Plaice, Phelps, Simmons,
Uphnm, Western, and VToodbridfre—23.
NAYS—Me<«si^. Alien, Ashley, Atchi'on, Atherton, Bus-
hy, Benton, Breese, Blight, Faitler, Calhoun, Cass, Chal- :
mers, Dickinson. Di\*> Fairfield, Houston, Nilcs, Rusk,
Sevier, Speight, Sturpeon, Turney, and Yulec—23.
The VICE PRESIDENT said that, under the
impression that the difficulty had arisen in part
from his own too rapid enunciation when putting
the question, hcfeltbqjand on this occasion to vote
in the affirmative.
So the farther consideration of the subject was
postponed.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate then resumed, ns in committee of
the whole, the bill from the House to raise for a
limited time an additional military force, and for
other purposes.
The question pending was upon agreeing to the
following amendment proposed bv Mr. Badger,
as a substitute to the amendment proposed by Mr.
Cameron:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert the following:
"Thateverv olfieei,uon-commi«Moned officer, musician,
and privnt". who t>hall have hoi vod or shall so ve for twelve
months as a volunteer, and ovcrv non commissioned officer,
musician, and piivate, who shall ^eive in the resulai army
during the pre-ent war with Mexico, or who lias been or
*hn!I be killed in battle, or ha« died nr -in!] die of wound*
recei ved m bottle, or of disease contracted while in «uch
service, or «haM lrivc been or shall be di-abled bv wounds
received or di-ea-e contacted as .ifor^t-aid, and shall have
been or  ha!l bo discharged by reason thereof, during the
period for vhu li he niitv have enh-ted or volunteered, shall
he entitled to one qna'ter -echon of land, (for which the
Seerelary of the Ti ea-^n. v f-ball issue a wan ant,) to be loca-
ted upon any land belonging to the United ^tate* which may
be subject to private entry, in such manner as is or may be
prescribed bv l«w.
<c Pnr. . 'Jln'l be U fuither enacted. That whete anv sneh
officer, non-comim^ioned officer, musician. or piivate, «ha!I
have been ors-hall he killed in b;tUle, ot has died or -hall
die of wound5! received in battle, or ofdi<ea«c confractedm
service, or being otbcjvi--c entitled, according to the fote-
goins section, to a quaifn action of land, shall have died
or shall die before obtaining a wanant for the same, the
said warrant shrill ifiic to the widow of the deceased, if he.
leave anv, and if not, to the p-o^-on oi person® who is. are,
or mav be his heir<-aMaw. according to the law of the
£tate, Tenitorv. or PMuct, from which he mav have volun-
teered or f nh ~t<*d into the service of the United .States."
Mr. BENTON called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. BENTON again rose and said, as the mat-
ter now stood he saw a difficulty. There had not
been a sufficient expression of opinion on that floor
for him to know whether a majority of the Senate
were united on the main point—first to secure
twelve months' service to the United States, and
next to secure the land to be granted to the soldier
so far as it could be done; and the way they were
going on, there could not be such an expiession
of opinion*, for the amendment which he had pro-
posed, which brought up those two points, was
not now before the Senate. JNor it could not now
be brought hefote the Senate, for there was already
pending an amendment to an amendment; and the
only way he could see to extricate the Senate out
of the difficulty in which it was involved—and by
which they could get at the two great points he
had mentioned—was to recommit the bill with in-
structions to the committee to bring m a clause to
accomplish that object. lie moved the recommit-
ment with such instructions, and he called for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON said that if he had obtained
the floor first, he would have accepted the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] as a modification of his own, and then
the bill of the Senator from Missouri could have
come in as an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BENTON. They cannot go together.
Fire and water, sir. [A laugh.]
Mr. CAMERON. That, I presume, Mr. Presi-
dent*, is a simple matter of opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, suggested an
amendment, adding the words, <{ or "during the
war," to the end of the second line of the amend-
ment, so as to put the volunteers on the same foot-
ing with regular soldieis, if their service should be
required for less than a year.
Mr. ALLEN inquired whether it was compe-
tent to olfer other amendments in the present state
of the amendment under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that it was
not, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. "WOODBRIDGE suggested that there was
a defect in ail the amendments which had been
; proposed, as they required the warrants to be is-
j sued by the Secretary of the Treasury, whereas
the practice on all foimer occasions had been to
issue them from the War Department, where the
knowledge of the facts were on record.
Mr. BENTON submitted his instructions in
writing. The motion was to recommit the bill
and all the amendments to the Military Committee,
with instructions to bring in an amendment grant-
ing one hundred and sixty acres of bounty land
to non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, serving, or to serve, during the war with
Mexico.
Mr. "VVESTCOTT said he was not satisfied that
any good could result from the recommitment of
j the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs-, and
I it might delay the passage of the bill. It was im-
i portant for the country that the bill should be
: passed forthwith. He saw no difficulty in the sense
i of the Senate being taken upon the different amend-
! ments proposed. For his part, if that of the Sen-
| ator from North Carolina had a few verbal altera-
I tions made in the first section, he was for adopt-
■ ing that section in lieu of the two sections proposed
| by his friend from Pennsylvania; and in lieu of
; the second section of the amendment of the Sena-
j tor from North Carolina, he would take the last
' two sections of that offered by the Senator from
! Missouri. Suppose they are all recommitted,
1 and the Military Committee make up one from
' them all; that will not prevent the offering by any
i Senator, if he docs not like the amendment report-
I ed, a substitute for it, and we shall then have the
j same difficulty as now. He hoped the Senate
| would go on now and decide on the proposed
! amendments, and adopt one they approve of, and
! pass the bill immediately.
| Mr. CRITTENDEN desired to say, that from
the multiplicity of the propositions there was little
j probability of getting any bill, without the pro-
i posed reference.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON also expressed himself
■ to be in favor of the recommittal. He then took
! occasion to coirect an en or, which had crept into
■ a report of his remarks of a preceding day on this
| subjeet, in a daily paper, (the Union,) in which
! he fiad been represented os saying; he would give
the bounty lands to speculators in preference to
.i emigrants from Europe. Now, he had said no
i such thing. He desired it to be understood that
■ he expressed no preference of speculators to emi-
