1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
grants, but did express a decided preference of
soldiers and officers now fighting our battles, to
either. He further desired to be understood as
having said that he would as willingly see the pub-
lic lands fdll into the hands of purchasers of bounty
lands from the soldiers, as be deprived of them by
the operation of a graduation law which should
give them away to the paupers of Europe.
Mr. WEBSTER hoped the honorable gentle-
man from Missouri would reconsider that portion
of his bill which attempted to render these land
titles inalienable. There should be no restraints
of this kind accompanying the grant. The land
should be given to the soldier as men not under
guardianship, but as men capable of taking proper
care of their property. In the first pan of that
provision, that they shall not be disposed of until
the patents arc issued, he concurred; but he doubt-
ed the expediency of the other. He thought it
would take away an inducement to volunteer.
^ Mr. RENTON was understood to say that his
bill had been drawn up too hastily to be consistent
with perfect accuracy, but if it were recommitted,
it would afford him an opportunity to revise and
correct it.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he differed with the
Senator from Massachusetts as to the provisions
he had adverted to. He hoped the Senator from
Missouri would adhere to it. A somewhat simi-
lar provision was inserted in a bill prepared by the
Senator from Missouri, and passed some yeais
since—the "armed occupation act of Florida"—
and its effects had been salutary. It guatded and
protected the donee of the United States against
the greedy speculators and land jobbers, and se-
cured the land to his family. He had no idea of
giving the bounty of land to the creditors of the
volunteer. He hoped the volunteers and soldiers
would be so protected.
Mr. BENTON said that the bill referred to by
thehonorable Senator from Florida cost him many
nights of hard thinking—many a sleepless night.
It was, however, he was sorry to say, somewhat
emasculated before it got into the statute book.
Mr. CAMERON" had no fears about the specu-
lators robbing the soldiers. The volunteers were
intelligent men, who were capable of taking carc
of themselves. He had heard that in the last war j
" the biter had been bit"—the speculators had lost i
by their contact with the soldiers. 1
Mr. BERRIEN moved to amend the proposed
instructions, so as to provide for a grant of land to
the officers of volunteers who may die m the ser-
vice; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he was not
exactly informed as to what would be the effect of
these instructions on the Senate, if a bill should be
reported in conformity with them. The instruc-
tions were perhaps sufficiently broad, to make it ;
obligatory on them to grant one hundred and sixty
acres of land to non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, who may serve at all in the
war; but he would ask the Senator from Missouri
if he intended to provide for every case of service,
irrespective of the period of servicc ?
Mr. BENTON was understood to reply in the
negative.
The question was then taken upon recommitting
the bill, together with all the proposed amend-
ments, to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs, with
instructions to bring in an amendment granting '
one hundred and sixty acres of bounty lands to the
officers of volunteer corps, and to the non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, semng, or
to serve, in the army employed in Mexico, and
decided m the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atoln-on, Ather-
toi), Budget, Baajby, Benton, Beniwi, Bright. Butler,
Cameion. Cass, Chalmers, Cilley, T. Chuton, .f. M. Clay-
ton, Coiwm, Crittenden, Davron, Dickinson, Tax. Evans,
Fairfield, Greene, Ilouslon, Himruurron, Jaruaem, Johnson
of Marjl.md, Johnson of Louisiana, Miller, Morchead. Nilos,
Peaice, Rusk,.Sevier, Speiaht, Sturgeon, Tuiney, Uphain,
Webster, Woodbiulge, and l'uloe—44.
NAY—Mr. Phelps—I.
So the bill was recommitted.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
executive business; and, after a short time spent
therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
The Speaker announced the pending question to
be orf the passage of the bill to establish the Ter-
ritorial Government of Oregon.
Mr. CUMMINS, on leave, offered certain
amendments, to be proposed when in order, to the
bill to inciease the pay of the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates; of the army of the
United States, and the militia and volunteers in the
service of the same, and allowing them bounty
lands in certain cases. The amendments were
committed, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PILLSBURY, notice having been hereto-
fore given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the establishment of additional mail-routes
in the State of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER again stated the question before
the House to be on the passage of the bill to estab-
lish the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. HAMLIN spoke as follows;
I rejoice, Mr. Speaker, that I am permitted to
mingle my voice m this debate, and finally record
my vote in the settlement of principles we are dis-
cussing. I have sought the opportunity of pre-
senting the views which I entertain on the subject
we now have under discussion, and yet I confess
that I would have preferred to have presented those
views on another and on a different bill. My uni-
form action upon this question has been to close
man proposes to disturb a solitary or single right
guarantied by the Constitution to any onp of the
States. On the other hand, we pledge ourselves,
here and hereafter, that we -will stand by them as
one common brotherhood, engaged in one common
cause. No, sir; we design no such thing; we ask,
we will permit, no such thing; we counsel no such
thing, and we will not concur in any such thing.
As members of this great Confederacy, however,
we do ask, and demand, that in all things submit-
ted to our deliberation, we shall have the right to
speak, and speak with manly boldness and firm-
ness, to maintain and defend'the rights of the con-
stituents we represent on this floor. We ask no
more; we will take no less.
What is it, then, that we propose to do? We
propose to say, and to say with all frankness, that
there shall be no disagreement hereafter in this
matter; that we will stand by the clearly-defined
rights of each individual State in reference to the
institution of slavery; but to territory now free,
with our votes and with our consent, it shall never
be extended. Nor shall its limits, in any way or
manner, be enlarged. Weaie faithless to the trust
reposed in us, we do violence to the sentiments of
our people and the spirit of the age, if we falter or
turn back in the course which we have marked
out. Nor are we to be driven from the propriety
of our course by the taunts and jeers that have
the debate on this subject, and proceed to the next li been poured out upon us here. We havq^been
assignment, of the House. I have voted uniformly \, denounced on this floor as one " grand association
to close this debate. I have voted against the risin
of the committee for the purpose of procrastinating
the time for its termination; and I have been, on
all occasions, in favor of hastening the action of
the House on this matter, deferring to some future
and more pertinent occasion, on the considera-
tion of some other subject, the presentation of my
views on the question now really before them.
But inasmuch as the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Burt] has seen fit to crvive this discus
of Abolitionists." Our ears have been saluted by
the taunt of 44 scurvy politicians*," we have been
denominated as "wild and reckless fanatics."
And yet, with ail these things ringing in our ears,
and calculated to spur us on, we will neither hurl
them back nor swerve from the direct and straight
line of duty. That duty is faithfully, fairly, and
honestly, to discharge the trust that has been re-
posed in us. Let no man falter.
Why, sir, if we are to believe the assertions that
sion—inasmuch as that gentleman has seen fit to !; have been made on various sides of this House,
thrust it upon this bill before us, I will not shiink
from it, even if it be not in its most appropriate
place. While I do not seek, I will not avoid it
now. Of the tone and the manner manifested by
the gentleman from South Carolina on my right,
[Mr. Burt,] I can speak with the highest commen-
dation. It shall be my effort and endeavor to imi-
tate that gentleman in both, and coolly, carefully,
dispassionately, and yet at the same time firmly
and fearlessly to present mf views.
"Immoderate valoi swells info a fault;
And fenr, ndmitted into public council®,
Betiays like treason. Let us shun them both."
I concur, too, in the sentiment expressed by the
gentleman from South Carolina on my left, [Mr.
Rhett,] as well as by the gentleman from the
same State on my right, [Mr. Burt,] that now—
(although not on this bill)—that now is the time
to meet and to deliberate upon this question. It
is due to each and every section of this broad Con-
federacy; it is due to the whole country, that the
North, as well as the South, should clearly and
distinctly define its position, f mean to do so
firmly and with frankness, and if I shall speak
with animation, with excitement, indeed, it shall
be with no feelings of reproach, with no ill feelings
towards any section of this Union, or any indi-
vidual in this body. I design to meet the subject
as its importance demands.
Before proceeding to an examination of the mat-
ters which I propose to discuss, I invite the atten-
tion of this Ilouse to the manner in which this
debate has been conducted upon the other" side.
Had a stranger within these walls listened to the
discussion, he would readily have supposed that
we, of the free States, were waging an unholy
crusade against the southern population of this
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday January 16, 1847.
■ The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
we of the fice States are not only to be assailed
I with the-'o opprobrious epithets, but we are to be
told that u our public faith is infamous, and brand-
I ed to a proverb." And is it so ? What is it we
j ask ? What is it that we propose to do? Let us
; examine, let us carefully examine, the matter which
! we propose to accomplish, and see if it violates
' any of the rights of any of the States, and see if
we are truly obnoxious to the epithets that are
lavishly hurled upon us. We propose, then, to
declare, that in any territory subsequently acquired,
and made a part of this Union, the institution of
slavery shall not exist; that we will in no way
extend slave territory. What provision of the
Constitution do we violate? What right of a sin-
j gle State do we disregard ; The gentleman from
| South Carolina, on my left, [Mr. Rhett,] gave us
■ yesterday his constitutional argument on the sov-
I ereignty of the Union and the soveieignty of the
! Slates.
I Before I close I may have occasion to allude to
j the position which that gentleman took. I state
, nowaftlrmatively, what 1 will undertake to demon-
j strate: that no solitary right of a single State is.
1 invaded or affected by'any measure which we pro-
] pose. Before doing this, however, let me call the
j attention of our fiiendstosome facts in the history
| of the country which should well operate on us in
1 our deliberations here. Sir, this is no Missouri
' compromise we are discussing; this is no annexa-
tion of Texas we arc talking about: it is no ac-
• quisition of Florida. Louisiana was acquired by
i the treaty of 18D3. Over that territory at that
1 time—the time of its acquisition—the institution of
' slavery had spread itself; over the territory of
■ Florida it had spread itself; over the territory of
Texas it extended also. Louisiana was, from its
racter, a country which must be
Confederacy: that we were laying unholy and i homogeneous oharacte
polluted hands upon the sacred rights guarantied ' a part of this Union, and it became so. The great
by the Constitution to the southern States; that j1 and the mighty West demanded that she should
we were discarding their sacred rights, and almost 1 have that tei ritory, through which she might pour
trampling upon their domestic altars. Sir, is this out the abundant products of Iter country. She
so ? I have not yet listened to the first man who '< never would, never could, consent that the sover-
hasaddressedthis House, upon this side, who would I eignty of that territory should be exercised by a
ti ample upon, or trifle with, a solitary right of any
one of the States of this Union. On the other
hand, there has been but one spontaneous and
uniform declaration that we will stand by them in
weal and in wo. In the discussion of this matter,
then, gentlemen are not to escape on^these collate-
ral issues. They are not thus to raise the smoke
of their own creating, and vanish behind it. No
foreign Power. It was to have been acquired by
the process prescribed by civil power, or it would
have been by resort to arms. Sir, my friend from
■ the West now before me [Mr. Kennedy] will tell
j mo, that by the law of Heaven, the great mart be-
! low was designed to receive the products from
i above: and there was not the power in written
I constitutions, there was not the power m the forms
