200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
Surveyor General of public lands in the Territory j| that it was important that the principle should be
of Oregon, and to grant donation rights to settlers ji adopted.
therein, and for other purpo:
The amendments to the bill, reported by the
Committee on Public Lands, having been concur-
red in, and no other amendments being offered, the
bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
repeal of the pilot laws.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
committee of the whole, the bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce to repeal the act of 2d
March, 1837,entitled "An act concerning pilots."
Mr. DIX said that it was so near the hour for
taking up the special order, that he would move
that the bill be passed over informally, in order to
retain its place upon the calendar.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was pass-
ed by informally.
private bills.
The Senate then proceeded, as in committee of
the whole, to the consideration of the following
private bills, which were reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
viz:
A bill for the relief of William B. Keene:
Mr. BAGBY said he was fully aware of the pro- |
priety of breaking up the relation of landlord and I
tenant between the United States and the States, j
I But Alabama and Mississippi had no greater in- ■
| terest in the passage of this bill than the other j
< landholding States. He apprehended that the j
Senator from Illinois was not aware of the fact, i
that a vast proportion of the lands in Alabama I
wete what was called the " pine barrens," and :
some of them were not worth five cents an acre. '
If the bill were to pass in the shape in which j
it now was, the State of Alabama would derive >
no benefit from it for five years. In regard to !
Alabama, he would state a single fact not appli-
cable to the other States. She had actually paid !
for all her lands more than the minimum price. |
She had paid *$] 26 and a fraction for every acre. !
And he would ask why she w is to be kept any '
longer in a state of bondage to the General Gov- I
eminent? He thought that the amendment would |
receive the sanction of the other House. He hoped '
the Senate would indulge him with the yeas and
nays upon his amendment.
The veas and navs were ordered.
Mr. BREESE said he could not vote against the
: proposition of the Senator from A'abama, because
' it would be immensely beneficial to his own State:
' but he regretted that it had been brought in here at
! this time.
1 The question was then taken on the amendment,
which was rejected—yeas 37, nays 26, as follows:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant !
Crocker Sampson, deceased-, 1
A bill for the relief of Richard S. Coxe; and ]
A bill for the relief of Julius Eldred, Ehsha ;
Eldred, and Francis E. Eldred, for expenses and 1
services in removing the copper rock from Lake
Superior. 1
GRADUATION BILL. 1
The Senate proceeded, as in committee of the j
whole, to the consideration of the special order of ,
the day b.'in? the bill to reduce and graduate the !!
price of the public lands. I Johnson of M:irrlnml, M.immi), Miller, i\T*iv!iPPrf. Nile?,
The question pending was upon agreeing to the I. Pcarce, piieip-s, Simmon*, Stuujcon, and Uphain—'9 .
amendment of Mr. Bagby, to strike out 44 fifteen," ; Mr. YULEE said he desired to submit nn
and insert "ten" where it occurs in the second i amendment, whii-h would cover the jround con-
section of the bill; making it read, " that all public ji templated by the Senator from Alabama. Tie pro-
lands which shall have been offered for sale ten ,! sumed the chief objection to that Senator's amend-
van vo <"> >• mnvo '' r> ■!    _ ..  • l - .7 ,1. ii. , ,i l .* /  i
YKAS—'VTfw-r-?. Allen, A-hlny, Atchison, Hairbv, Broc«e,
Hricfht, Calhoun, Cu-s, ClMifU'-i--, Fairfield, ffannegan.
J-ion ton, .lojnibon of Louiscam, Husk, Sevier, Turncy, and
Y«,!v>—17.
NAYS—Mo^rs. Aichcr, Athcrton. Rarlger. Butler. Oam°-
years or more,'' &c.
Mr. BAGBY hoped the amendment would be
agreed to, for several reasons: 1st. He believed
that ten years was long enough to keep the lands
in market on considerations of general policy; 2d.
that the interest of the treasury would be pro-
moted by shortening the time; and, lastly and
mainly, that under the operation of the bill with-
out this amendment, a great portion of the lands
intended to be embraced by the bill, with the lands
in the State of Alabama, which were purchased
from the Cherokee Indians, would be excluded
from all benefit of tiie bill for at least five years
without this piovision.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he coincided entirely with
the honorable Senator from Alabama in the view
which he took of this matter. The principal part
of the public lands in his own State, the Choctaw
purchase for example, would, under the operation
of this bill, be precisely in the same situation as
those spoken of by the Senator. He hoped that
if this bill was to pass, it would be in such a shape
that those States which were the most interested
in the matter would receive some benefit.
Mr. BREESE had but one remark to make in
reference to this amendment, and it was, that if it
should prevail, the bill would probably be agdin
amended in the House, as it had been last year,
when the time for the lands to continue in market
before the operation of the graduation system was
fixed first at twenty years; the House had substitu-
ted twelve years, but, as a compromise, fifteen was
afterwards proposed, and m that form it at last
passed the Senate. He briefly stated the amount
of acres of land for sale m the States of Mississippi
and Alabama, adding that these States had a gieat
interest in the passage of this bill^and should'not,
by requning htill greater benefits, risk its passage.
If the amendment was adopted, it might defeat die
bill altogether. The great object of the present bill
was to establish the principle of graduation; the
details could afterwards be varied if they were not
found to work well in practice.
Mr. SPEIGHT desired to say that there was
no Senator who was more friendly to the bill or
more solicitous for it passage than himself. If he
thought, therefore, that the adoption of the amend-
ment would jeopard its passage, he would not ad
ment consisted in the (act that the reduction of the
period to ten years would be made thereby to ex-
tend generally over all the land of the United States,
western as well as southern. The purpose of the
Senator from Alabama was to procure a rule in the
legislation of the country applicable to the charac-
ter of the region from which he comes. The pine
barren country of the South Atlantic and Gulf sea-
board constitutes a distinctive feature in the public
domain. It is a demotion of land familiar in
North Carolina, where he has seen much of it in
passing through, and extending through South
Taiolma, and all the other South Atlantic States.
They are lands generally very sandy and barren,
and almost useless for agricultural purposes, unless
made fi uitful by great industry. They are lands
which aie mostly settled upon by the poorest peo-
ple; and never will be settled at the price of «il 25.
Some which are convenient to navigation and con-
tain good timber, suitable for the mill and for
market, will be usually taken up at $1 25; but i
those of them which have been in the market for !
ten years, they might be assured, were not fit for I
these purposes, and would never be entered at •
$1 25. Such lands were found in Florida, Mis- i
sissippi, Louisiana, and Alabama; and to them his I
amendment would apply, and not to western land.
He read his amendment thus:
'•That all the public lands in the States of Flonda,
Mr-sissippi. Alahainu. ami Louisiana, nitrd a-! pine Uriel,
winch ^lail haw been in market t< n veais befote the pas-
sage of this act, and which icmaui unsold, shall be subject
fo >ale at the minimum piicv of fifty cents-; and that all of
the sasnf W'lfl which may remain un-oid at the expiration
of five verms from the pa^a^e of this act, shall be subject to
entry at the immmuin price of twenty-live cent*."
This amendment, it would be seen, was not pro-
spective: it applied to land which had been ten
; years m the market, and afterwards to land which
; has been fifteen years in the market at a further
; reduction of twenty-five, cents.
| Mr. HUNTINGTON said it seemed to him that
■ it was a sufficient objection to this amendment that
it was partial legislation. The bill before them
j provided for the graduation and reduction of the
price of the public lands, and the Senator from
Florida proposed to put in it a rule which was ap-
plicable to one part of the Union and not to the
other. If they were to have such a law, let it be
. * tt j . *. , _ ' ji iiicy vvt,io tu iiitvc fci'cii cL law, Jet 11 Uc
voeateit. He agreed with the Senator from Illinois n general. He was opposed to the principle of the
bill in any form. He spoke against it and voted
against it at the last session, and should do so at
this; but if they must have such a law, it ought
to be general, and not one which carries out special
favors for a portion of the Union only.
Mr. YULEE could assure the gentleman that
he did not propose to legislate partially. He pro-
posed to legislate in relation to land which wag
peculiar to certain States, and which, therefore,
required a peculiar rule of legislation.
Mr. BREESE hoped the gentleman from Flori-
da would consent to withdraw his amendment,
j He would remind that Senator that the system
■ i was a general one which this bill proposed to ea-
11 tahlish, and it was useless to say that certain States
! had local peculiarities. Some States—his own for
J instance—had swamp lands, and others wereover-
, S flowed a part of the year. Others had mountain-
ii ous and rocky land, but it was impossible to make
i a discrimination m a general system. Herepeated
;j that he hoped the Senator from Florida would
;1 withdraw his amendment.
j| Mr. CRITTENDEN did nut think there was
jj such a \\ ant of coherence as his friends from Con-
j- necticut and Illinois appeared to suppose, between
'| this bill and the amendment. To his mind they
' j were all of a piece. He would, however, ask the
ij gentleman from Florida to inform the Senate what
he meant by being "rated as barren lands."
;i Where was it so rated ond by whom?
11 Mr. YULEE. By the United States survey-
;j ors, who were required to report to the Land^
Office the growth and character of each section*
|j which they surveyed.
ii Mr. CRITTENDEN said he had only wanted
I to know by whom those lands had been so icited;
jj and he now thought the Senator from Florida
would make his amendment more perfect by say-
ing that it was by the United States surveyors.
! Mr. YULEE. Certainly, sir, the alteration
i1 shall be made.
j; The amendment was accordingly amended by
:j inserting the words "by the public surveyor,"
b after the word "rated" in the second line.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had no doubt it might
benefit those States where these lands lay to re-
duce the price even more than some of those gen-
tlemen desired, who neveitheless go for the prm-
;i ciple of graduation.
! j Mr. BADGER hoped the Senator from Florida,
!: in saying that he had travelled through North
.1 Carolina, and had passed through extensive bar-
ren land, did not mean to make the unkind inswu-
N ation that North Carolina was in the same situa-
J! tion as Florida, and had no good land. [A laugh.]
: North Carolina was a modest State, and did not
j! expose her good qualities to publicity. She gen-
erally sent her travellers through her poor lands.
J [Continued laughter.]
Mr. YULEE. I passed on the Columbia and
Raleigh route, and surely saw som cveritable jrine
I barren. [Renewed laughter.]
!: Mr. BADGER thought the gentleman must
.j have passed through m the night.
11 Mr. ALLEN said he should be obliged to vote
p against the amendment. The process to classify
I these lands would be a long and expensive one.
I j It was evidently impossible to legislate on such a
•! subject in relation to the qualities of the soil, and
ij therefore he should vote against it.
!! Mr. WESTCOTT said all the difficulty with
, regard to his colleague's amendment appeared to
'! him to originate in the fact that his friends the hon-
orable Senators from Ohio and Kentucky did not
;! seem to exactly understand what a Florida pine
barren was—he supposed because all of the lands
in their States were of good quality. Now, the
General Land Office here would have no trouble
in deciding as to what lands were intended to be
included. There were, he believed, as many as
fifty or sixty townships of land in West Florida
alone of which the exterior or township lines had
been surveyed, but the United States surveyors
had reported that the lands, being pine barrens,
were not worth the cost of surveying the interior
or section lines: and, consequently, they had never
been finished, and never would be. The United
States would never sell one acre out of one thou-
sand of this land for any price. Now and then
there were patches of fifteen or twenty acres, some-
times more, in the midst of these pine deserts of
tolerable land, but the cost of surveying- them and
the trouble would not meet the expenses of sale.
He (Mr. W.) had, at the instance of persons who
