202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
tion in the bill as rather to reward the patriotic
intention of those men who devoted themselves to
the cause of the country than the service actually
rendered in the field. The man who had evinced
his willingness to encounter the hardships of a
tour of military duty by actual volunteering,
though the interference of providential causes might
havc^prevented him from carrying that purpose
into full effect, ought surely not to be excluded
from the same mark of his country's gratitude, as
the man who had been more fortunate, and had
actually rendered the meritorious service. He
trusted such would be the feeling of the House,
and that the amendments would therefore be adopt-
ed, Perhaps, as one living m the west, he might
not consider the public land as quite so great and ;
precious a treasure as some gentlemen further east
seemed to do, nor be quite so much disposed to
hoard it up. Could he have his will, he would put
it out into the hands of men who would subject it ,
to actual cultivation; and, in donating it to those ;
who were willing to serve the country, he was [
ready to be as liberal as any other gentleman on ]
the lloor. He was ready to go farther than this j
bill proposed, or even than was proposed by the ,
amendments. He would give to those who should |
serve to the end of the war double the amount here j
promised. The ten dollar pay was intended for 1
the service actually rendered; the bounty was the
acknowledgment of the country for the noble patri-
otism which induced men to volunteer, and to
march to the field at the risk of health and life.
He hoped the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH hoped that the same al-
lowance would be provided for those who were
pi evented from serving more than a few days, or
who might perish by sickness, as for those who i
served the three months or were killed in battle.
Without this, lie should consider the bill os in a
great measure worthless. You took a young man,
who was in fine vigorous health, and you ordered
him where he was cut down by a poisonous cli-
mate, and he perished in the morning of his days:
ought his family to be left without the same pro-
vision as was given to his companion who escapcd
the fever, but was slain by the first discharge from
the enemy > Why, ho prayed gentlemen not to
perpetrate such gross injustice. Let us evince a
liberal spirit.
Mr. CM 1PMAN wished to suggest an amend-
ment which lie thought would embrace every case.
He read his amendment, which cave the land to
one "who should have served for three months, or
should be sooner honorably discharged for disa-
bility received m the service."
Mr. RATHBUN said that he was unfortunate
enough not to au;rce with gentlemen who were so
forward in making the.se donations to our volun-
teers?, or this increase of pay. He was yet to learn
the wisdom and sound policy of giving land to
these men, till gentlemen could show him how we
weie to raise the money so readily promised. We
were coins; to raise the pay of these troops from
seven to ten dollars a month. Would any one ,
consider the bare promise as good, unless some \
means weie provided to redeem it? To proceed !
m this way would be only to moiense the embar-
rassments of the Government. Congress had been
expressly told by the Secretaiy of the Treasury, |
that unless a tax should be laid on tea and coffee,
he should not be able to effect the loans necessary
to eairy on the Government. Mr. R. had voted
that such a tax would be inexpedient. Hut the
Secretary said himself that he could not borrow
money without the tax; Congress had refused it;
and how were we going to pay either the ten dol-
lars or the seven doliais? Before Mr. II. voted to
inciease the expenditures of the Government, he
wanted first to increase its income. Had any of
those gentlemen who weie making speeches and
offering amendments to earn the good opinion of
out volunteers, sat down and calculated the ex-
penditure they were about 10 authorize 5 Taking
the number of the troops but at twenty-five thou-
sand,and their term of service at a single year, the
simple increase of pay from seven to ten dollars
per month, would n-ive them nine hundred thou-
sand dollars. The amount of public land proposed
to be given in bounties, taking the number of men
at thirty-one thousand, would be no less than four
million nine hundred and sixty thousand acres,
which, at the Government price, would amount to
six million two hundred thousand dollais. But if
the whole number authorized by the bill should be
raised, the sum would not be less than ten and a
half millions.
The effect, the necessary and certain effect of
this would be at once to stop all further sales of
the public lands, and wholly to demolish the rev-
enue derived from that source. Let gentlemen
examine what they were about. Mr. R.was wil-
ling to vote the land if gentlemen would show how
we wcic to pay what we promised.
He heard a gentleman say we could well spare
the land. That was very true: we had millions
on millions of acres of land: but if, by giving it we
stopped the annual receipt of from two-and-a-half
to three millions of dollars a year, how were we
to pay what we proposed? This was taking away
our ability to pay with the same breath that utter-
ed the promise.
He knew, indeed, that we could provide the
necessary means, and he knew very well how we
could provide them very easily: and he was ready
to go to the extreme length that any other gentle-
man would go, if the House would only take the
necessary steps to provide the means. Before we
were liberal, let us be wise. Let gentlemen show
their intelligence and their integrity by first laying
their hand on the means to pay before they bound
themselves to pay.
He should not now stop to examine how these
means might be provided: everybody knew how;
it was perfectly plain; and it was plain that it ought
to be done.
But, while he was up, there was another matter
which, though not so directly connected with this
bill, was connected with our ability to pay what
we promised.
It would be recollected that Mr. R. had some
time smce offered a resolution inquiring of the
Secretary of the Treasury whether the number of
weighers and gangers employed under the tanfF of
1842 were still continued m the pay of the Govern-
ment, now that that act was repealed. In reply to
a part of his call, (for all the other items in it had
been left unanswered,) he had received the admis-
sion t.h.il these men were so retained under the new
tantf, (when there was not the same call for their
services,) but the admission of the fact had been
accompanied by a long argument to show the ne-
cessity of retaining them all.
Now, Mr. It. knew that they were retained
when he offered the resolution, and he also knew
that some—a small portion of the number—were
still wanted. But when the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. McKay] had at
the last session been making his official speech m
behalf of the new law, he had uiged as one argu-
ment in its favoi that the salaries of all these weigh-
ers and gangers would be saved to the Government,
because they would be no longer wanted, and their
offices would be abolished. By tins means that
gentleman had promised a saving of §200,000 per
annum.
The same statements had been made by the
chairman of the Finance Committee in the Senate.
He bad told the country, that if the new tariff bill
should become a law, a largo number of clerks m
the service of the Treasury Department would be
no longer wanted, and " a whole army " of weigh-
ers and gaugeis would be discharged. Now he
would ask the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. McKay,] and he should bo very glad if he |
had an opportunity of putting the same query to
the chairman of the Finance. Committee, io the
other House, on what authority ho had made such
representations to that House and to the country?
One of these keepers of the treasury had said that he
was " authorized" to state; and the other had said
he was informed" that such would be the result.
Mr. R. should be very erlad if the honorable gen-
tleman from North Carolina would tell the House
on what ground he had said this.
Mr. R. was "informed," and from good au-
thority, too, that a very large number of those per-
sons might be dispensed with. Every one familiar
with the manner of doing this part of the custom-
house duty knew that only one or two hogsheads
of which to pay this extra allowance to our volum
teers.
There was also another thing connected with this
subject. Gentlemen hete talked of being very
liberal to our volunteers, just as if the volunteers
expected extra allowance for their services, and
had been impelled by merely mercenary motives,
instead of yielding to those noble and generous
imnulses which called them to the field in defence
of their country's rights. To hear these gentle-
men, one would suppose that there was nothing
in these men's heaits but dollars and cents; nothing
but a calculation how much they could, by being
very patriotic, manage to put into their pockets.
So all the noble impulses of patriotism dwindled
down, in these gentlemen's notion of the case, to
a mere selfish mercenary matter of money. Now,
Mr. R. did not think there was a man among them
who had paused a moment to ask whether it was
seven or ten dollars that he was to receive. He
went because beloved his conncry, and was ready
to fight her enemies. Men who looked af dollars
and cents were not such as had left their families
and firesides to encounter all the train of dangers
and privations of such a journey, and to brave
death at the end of it. He knew it was a popular
move at all times to augment the pay of the army;
but Mr. R. thought it better to secure what we
did promise, and to take care that our defenders
got good quarters, good provisions, good nursing,
and good tieatment; and then, instead of inquiiing
about pay, all they asked would be to be led against
the enemy. Let this be done, and the House
would not again be put to the blush by having an
officer tell them that the volunteers had received
nothing in six months; that they were in rags, and
unable to pay for those little luxuries so necessary
in case of sickness. Let us see to this, and take
measures which should secure to them their pay
when it became due.
If the means of payment were first secured, Mr.
R. would go as far as any man; but he would not
put a stop to two-and-a-half or three millions of
levenue by making inconsiderate donations fiom
the public land. These views he knew might be
very unpopular: but he could not help that; he had
long entertained them, and should do his duty by
plainly expressing them.
Mr. McCLERNAND said the gentleman from
New York bad taken some very strange positions.
He ad mitted that we ought to raise the pay of these
troops to ten dollars, if the state of the treasury
would admit of it: and if not, why would it not?
Was it because of the course of those who wanted
to amend this bill ? No; but because the gentle-
man from New York, and others with lnm, had
voted against laying the tax asked for by the treas-
ury on tea and coffee: it was he who had con-
tributed to bring this inability on the treasury.
Mr. RATHBUN admitted that he had voted
against the tax on tea and coffee, and, so long as
he enjoyed the honor of a scat on that floor, lie
should continue to vote against any such tax.
When taxes should be recommended which were
available, and would not act with inequality and
injustice, he was willing to vote them. But this
pressed unequally and unfairly on the State fie in
part represented here. When the chairman of the -
Committee of Ways and Means should show some
feasible mode of raising more revenue, Mr. R.
should be in favor of it; but when he proposed
taxes, the great bulk of which would have to be
paid by the laboring population of New York and
its vicinity, and such a tax alone was proposed to
prevent a resort to any other, he should vote as he
had voted.
Mr. McCLERNAND could not see how Mr. R.
had improved the evidence of his consistency. He
said, when the chairman of thcCommitteeof Ways
and Means should recommend a feasible mode of
raising revenue, he should vote in favoi of it.
Why, had not the President recommended a tax
on tea and coffec ? Had be not told the House
that a considerable amount of revenue might be
obtained from such a tax? And that it was uee.es-
out of a lot were usually weighed or gauged, and if;; sary in order to the obtaining of a loan? Hehad.
they corresponded with the weight or measure in ;[ Then, if the gentleman had been very eager topro-
the invoice, it was deemed enough for the whole. / vide means to pay the troops, he doubtless would
He was told from a quarter which could not admit '; have voted for it. The gentleman, then, had rather
of doubt (for his information was drawn from aggravated his inconsistency, than improved it.
the custom-house m New York) that agreat many j! But the gentleman said a tax on tea and coffee
of these officers were wholly unnecessary. Good !i would operate unequally—that it would press un-
faith, then, required that they should be dismissed, ij duly on the free States. Now, if this were so,
and thus some money at least might be saved out il could the evil be remedied by a resort to direct
