1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
taxes? Certainty not. The Constitution provides
that representatives and direct taxes shall bo ap-
portioned among the several States,"&c., "accord-
ing to their respective numbers." According; to
these numbers, in a federal sense, a free State, with
a given population, would be entitled to as many
representatives as a slave State containing a greater
population by two-fifths, if the excess consisted of
slaves, and of course the direct taxes of the former
would be in the same ratio greater than those of
the latter, although the latter might be the more
wealthy and able to pay. At the most, the
gentleman had only presented an issue between
a tax on tea and coffee and direct taxes.
Mr. McC. would vote for either or both if it be-
came necessary to sustain our arms in the field,
and our priceless honor in our own and in the esti-
mation of the world. He believed in the doctrine
of Jefferson, that public debts should never be
created without providing means at the time to pay
them. If the States had adopted this sage advice,
many of them would now be relieved from the
heavy burdens weighing them down. In fonner
times, princes could only wage war as they actu-
ally derived the means from their subjects. This
operated as a check upon many a restless and war-
like spirit. It kept the governments of Europe
out of debt. But with modern civilization,_ has
come the invention of credit, as a means of minis-
tering to the corruptions and extravagance of gov-
ernments, and of throwing the responsibility of
such evils upon posterity. By this invention,
governments are enabled to wa^e war with impu-
nity to their constituents, throwing the debts thus
created upon posterity. By this invention, has
all the States of Europe become, more or less, in-
volved, and especially has England become sunk
in debt beyond even the hope of recovery. Mil-
lions upon millions of debt weigh down the strug-
gling energies of her wonderful people.
Mr. McC. had voted for the tax on tea and cof-
fee, and was ready to vote any other that might
become necessary to raise the requisite amount of
revenue. There was not a mother or father in all
this land who would not cheerfully pay a little
more for their tea and coffee, to ensuie the means j
of rewarding their sons and the brave men who
had gone forth in a foreign land to fight in many a
bloody field their country's battles. No, there was
not one. The women, not to speak of the men,
had too much patriotism not to be willing to en-
dure any sacrifice the service of the country might
require. Mr. McC. 's course was consistent; he had
voted for an increase of taxes, and he would vote for
an increase of pay to our armies. But how was it
with the gentleman from New York ? He had voted
for the war; he had thrown upon the Executive
the tiemendous responsibility of conducting it, and
in fine, had voted for more than fifty thousand men
to wage it in the field, yet he shrank himself from
the petty responsibility of voting a tax on tea and
coffee, to give effect to his measures. This cer-
tainly was a peculiar kind of patriotism. It was
one thing to vote supplies of men, who themselves
incurred the privations of the camp and the dan-
gers of the field, and quite another to vote supplies
of money on his own political responsibility. If
the gentleman was prepared to share responsibility, :
he eeitamly would bo ready to vote all the supplies, j
whether of men or money, necessary for the vigor- [
ous and successful prosecution of the war. j
Mr. McC. admitted that our volunteers wereac- j
tuated by far higher and nobler motives than a !
base regard to gain. They were impelled by aj
noble sense of patriotism, by a zeal to redress their !
country's wrongs, and in part,-too, by that spirit ot
adventure which so strongly marked the character
of our countrymen. Buf would the gentleman on
this account do them injustice ? Would he refuse
them adequate pay? Would he say that ten dol-
lars a month was too much ?
Mr. McC. contended that ten dollars given to
volunteers was not more than equal to «seven dol-
lars "iven to regulars. The one left his business and
committed his capital, whatever it was, to the caie
of another; he incurred various expenses_ which
the regular soldier did not; he furnished his own
clothing, and had to pay for it three times the
amount at which it was charged to the regulars.
They were made the victims of the most shame-
less extortion. Besides, the spirit and genius of
republican institutions favored the employment of
a volunteer force rather than a standing army.
What, too, was the comparative value of the ser-
vices of these men, by the side of those in some
of our civil offices who were so much better paid.
As to the public lands, no better disposition could
possibly be made of them than to grant them in
suitable quantities to our soldiers. Men who
had risked their lives for the common defence,
who had won vast territories by their valor, were
entitled to such just remuneration. This policy
would contribute to convert extensive wastes into
cultivated and productive fields, and thus, while
ministering to individual comfort and indepen-
dence, would, at the same time, promote the gen-
eral wealth and prosperity. This.would give them
to men who had risked their blood for the com-
mon defence, and in their hands the land would
be rendered productive, and increase in value, and
thus the general good be advanced. [Mr. McC.
here indicated his intention of offering an amend-
ment, which he sent to the Clerk's table, which
gave to each volunteer a quarter section of land
subject to entry, and made his warrant not trans-
ferable until the patent should issue.] i
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said that he had ,
now had time to put his amendment to the bill into i
a proper shape; and he sent it in its modified form
to be lead at the Clerk's table.
Mr. T. said, that when gentlemen came fully to
understand each other, he did not believe that
they would be found to differ much as to this bill.
He presumed all would be willing to give a land
bounty to those who were discharged for inability,
as they would to those who had served. He con-
sidered this no moie than just.
Mr. VINTON rose that he might explain what
he believed would be the inevitable effect of this
bill on the credit of the country. If it should be
left, however, in its shape as reported, it would
receive his vote. lie believed if the House could
but be brought to consider seriously the practical
effects of some of the amendments which had been
proposed, he felt assured they never would consent
to adopt them. !
We had hitherto had two principal sources to
which to look for the annual revenue for the sup-
port of government; one of these was the customs,
the other the public lands. There was no branch
of revenue so certain, so safely to be calculated on,
as that from the sales of the public lands. Now
this bill proposed to issue to the volunteeis a bounty
in land amounting in value to two hundred dollars
to each man.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON reminded Mr. Vin-
ton that he must distinguish between land subject
to private entry and land sold at auction.
Mr. VINTON was fully aware of that distinc-
tion; and he would now explain to the House how
this bill would operate in practice. The Govern-
ment issued scrip to each volunteer to the value of
two hundred dollars. Supposing the war to end
the present year, it would have issued about fifty
thousand such pieces of scrip. We had seventeen
thousand regulars now enlisted; and we had au-
thorized the enlistment of ten thousand more. This
made twenty-seven thousand regular troops. Then
we had abouttwenty-six thousand volunteers mus-
tered into service under the law of the last session,
which would make in all between fifty and sixty
thousand certificates to be issued. This would
cover eight millions of acres of land, which at one
dollar twenty-five cents, would amount to ten mil-
lions of dollars. The scrip was to be without re-
striction as to its assignment, and it was to be taken
from any land open to entry, or any which had
been ten ycais in market. This scrip, then, would
all come to the land offices to pay for land entered.
Now, Mr. V. would go on to show the great
difference between the provisions of this bill and
of the bounty law of the last war.
Under this bill, the ink of the President's signa-
ture would scarce he dry before hundreds and hun-
dreds of men would start for the army to be ready
to buy up these warrants from the soldiers. Every
potty grocery, every sutler's shop, all round the
army where the soldiers were accustomed to go,
would be filled with agents waiting eagerly to buy
up these certificates. To say nothing of all the
various forms of fraud which would be practised
on the soldiers, they would, in a fair way, buy up
all the wanapts they could lay their hands on.
What next? These warrants for one hundred and
sixty acres of land would sell at various prices—
some for $100, some #50, some perhaps for $150,
but all at a rate far under what the holders could
get for them at the land offices.
The warrants thus procured would immediately
be carried off to the various land offices, and in
each of these offices there would be, either in the
person of the register or receiver himself, or some
other, a broker who dealt in these certificates.
When a farmer entered the land office to enter
Government land for a farm for himself or his son,
he would at once be touched on the elbow and call-
ed aside, and told that he could get the same amount
of land for a less price, and a warrant would be
sold to him on terms agreed on between him and
the broker, and of course the cash entry he had
intended would not be made. Should this bill pass
as now proposed, these warrants would so meet
the demand for Government land that that source
of revenue would soon be entiiely dried up. This
must be the certain result. All the land revenue
would come into the offices in the shape of these
warrants.
Mr. BOYD here rose to say that it was his pur-
pose to offer an amendment to the bill which should
impose the same restrictions in the transfer of these
certificates as are provided in an amendment which
lie saw by the papers had been proposed at the
other end of the Capitol.
Mr. FICKTilN suggested to Mr. Boyd a modi-
fication of his amendment.
Mr. CUMMINS here also stated his purpose to
offer an amendment to the bill, (in the form of a
substitute,) which was read at length at the Clerk's
able.
Mr. VINTON resumed. As these warrants
would be on sale below par, they would supersede
the cash entries of the public land, and in this way
the Government would lose for the space of three
or four years nearly the whole of the land revenue,
which had usually averaged between two-and-a-
half and three millions of dollars per annum.
There would be the end of it; and if the war should
continue till it had been necessary to issue one
hundred thousand warrants instead of fifty thou-
sand, this source of revenue would be dried up for
six or seven years to come.
This result had been foreseen during the last war
when the bounty warrants weie provided, and to
meet it, the act provided that the warrants should
he satisfied out of a peculiar locality, and nowhere
else. Two millions of acres were to be taken in
Michigan, two millions more in Illinois, and the
same amount hi Arkansas, (these being then Ter-
ritories only.) These warrants, therefore, could
not touch the sales of land within any of the States,
nor in any other Territories but these, nor in these
Territories themselves beyond the limits designa-
ted by law. We had it in our power to do the
same thing now; wo might lay these warrants in
Wisconsin or in Oregon, within a specific district
to be surveyed for that purpose. Then the issue
of the warrants would not interfere with the sale
of the public lands. But ns the bill now stood,
the warrants might be laid anywhere, for they
would be received as money.
But there was another consideration of the most
serious moment, and that was, the effect of this bill
in its practical operation on the public credit. If
this war continued, we should have to rely on that
credit to a large extent. A bill was coming up
authorizing a loan of twenty-thiee millions, or
the issue of treasury notes to that amount. To
strengthen the public credit and induce capitalists
to lend their money to the Government, that bill
pledged the public lands of the Government as se-
curity for the repayment. The proceeds of those
lands were set apart to meet the interest of the loan
first, and then by degrees to pay off the puncipal.
As this branch of revenue was more certain than
any other, it was equal to the appointment of an
annuity to the amount of two-and-a-half or three
millions of dollnrs. This would be amply suffi-
cient to sustain the public credit—to pay the inter-
est as it should accrue and gradually to reduce the
debt itself. The loan was to run for twenty years;
but long before that time, the public lands would
have paid off' every dollar. But should this bill
go into effect, he questioned if we should get the
loan at all without giving other security.
Mr. V. said his chief purpose had been to call
the House to this view of the case. He entreated
gentlemen well to consider the bearing of this bill
!j upon the public credit, to which resort must be had
! if the war was to go on.
'•\ If the friends of the Administration, who had
i the reins here in their hands, were willing to pass
il this bill without amendments, Mr. V. was pre-
