1847.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
205,
service, thcie shall be granted one quarter section of land,
to be located on any public lands liable to entry at private
sale.
" Si;c. t-- And he it farther enacted, That all sales, gifts,
devises, agreements, bonds, or powers to sell any of >aid
lands, and all liens or transfers of the tame, whether private
or judicial, made at arty time before the issuing of the patents
for said land, shall he deemed a fraud upon this act, and
shall be null and void; and no patents shall issue until
seven years afier the said land >hall have been located, and
every patent shall be issued in the name of the man who
earned the land, whethei dead or alive, and with a clause
in addition to his heirs at l<uv and widow, if he is dead ;
and the grantee, or Ins heirs at law, or his widow, or any
one of his hens at law, nviy, at any time, and without let or
hmderancefioni any statute of limitation, recover possesion
of the same from any pretended purchaser or holder, under
any species of title, private or judicial, founded uu any
transaction before the issuing of the patent, and ^hall icoover
damages for rents and mesne profits for the whole time that
the said holder may have been in possession, or others
should have been in possession under whom he holds; the
said danmire-. and mesne profits to inure to the benefit of the
heir or heirs, or widow, who shall be at the trouble and ex-
pense of ejecting the possessor; but the land so recovered
shall belong to all the h«jns, and the widow, if there is one,
whether they joined in the suit or not And in any ma]
under this act, the sole question to be enteitaincd by the
couit shall be one of identity of the grantee ot of hem-ship
or widowhood, undoi the laws of the State where said land
lies; and no evidence of anv purchase, or pretended pur-
chase, whether by agteement 01 under judgment or meeu-
tion sales made before the nsii.tig ol the patents, shall be
suffered to be product d in couit.
" Sec. —. Jiiid be it fmlhcr enacted, That upon the death
of any person entitled to land undertint a< t, before thei-su
ing of the patent, alt the ti'jjnN nudei this act shall descend
to his widow and hens at law, it he leaves a widow, and to
ai-s heirs at law if he [eaves none, to be held and divided
among them according to the laws of the State in which the
said land he*."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. BENTON observed that the points to which
the committee had directed their attention were—
first, the degree or length of service which should
entitle these non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, for whose benefit these grants were
intended, to participate in the bounty; and, in
reference to this, it had been agreed that the
amendment should be so worded as to include
those who should serve for twelve months under
an engagement to serve that long, as well as those
who served under an engagement to serve during
the war. Upon the next point—and it was one
upon which a diversity of opiifion prevailed in the
committee—it had been determined to obviate all
difficulty by making the inalienability of the land
extend to a period of seven years, prior to the ter-
mination of which period no patent should be
issued; and that it should then be issued in the
name of the person entitled to the grant, without
regard to the fact whether he were living or other-
wise, in order to make sure that the land should
go to those of his widow or next of kin, for
whose benefit, in the case of his decease, H was
intended.
Mr. I-IUNTINGTON desired to hear the amend-
ment read again.
It was accordingly again read.
Mr. BENTON said the committee, having been
more occupied with the substance than with the
form, had, he perceived, omitted to give to the
•clauses of the amendment the form of sections.
He desired that the Seeietary would take the trou-
ble to airange the sections.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the attention
of the Senate seemed now to he directed to the
propriety of imposing restrictions upon the aliena-
tion of these grants, as proposed by the report of
the committee. He was disposed to think that
the report proposed a more efficient mode of re-
straining alienations than that which was provided
for m the original proposition upon the subject.
But he did not understand, fiom the observations
of the chairman of the Military Committee, that that
portion of the instructions to the committee which
required a piovision to be inseited for granting the
bounty to the commissioned officers of the volun-
teer corps had been complied with. His own
opinion was, that those officers were eminently
entitled to the bounty which was contemplated to
be given to those who were serving in a mili-
tary capacity in Mexico. Tiic distinction between
officers of the regular army and the officers of vol-
unteer corps was too obvious to requite remark.
If it were said that the pay of the officers of the
volunteer corps was sufficient without any further
inducement, he thought it might be very safely
answered that the expenses of those gentlemen
exceeded their receipts; and he could see no reason
why they should be placed in a situation where
they would be compelled to expend more than
their pay, and, at the same time, be deprived of
this bounty. Many of them, he was informed,
had incurred considerable expense in raising their
companies.
Mr. B. moved to amend the amendment reported
by the committee, by inserting the words "offi-
cers of the voiunceer corps."
Mr. BENTON. Then I shall move to amend
it by adding the officers of the regular army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is al-
ready ao amendment to an amendment.
Mr. BENTON. Well, sir; it can come in af-
terwards. I, for one, thought that the sense of
the Senate had been already very clearly indicated,
not by a formal vote, but by its acts, not to grant
lands to the officers of the army. Such a propo-
sition was included in the amendment offered by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, but it was after-
wards struck out, and the committee considered
themselves limited to grants to the non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates.
Mr. BEllRIEN. Do i understand the honor-
able Senator that thcie was nothing contained in
the instructions to the committee directing the
officers of volunteer corps to be included ? The
instructions were so amended, I recollect, upon
my own motion.
Mr. BENTON replied that the committee acted
upon the instructions as they remembered them;
the instructions themselves were never opened, as
they had the subject in their minds.
The reading ot the instructions was called for,
and they were read by the Secretary.
Mr. BENTON. Yes, it is there; it is all there,
sir. The committee, as I said before, never open-
ed the instructions, and if they had been opened,
and read by the committee, 1 should still have
been against such a provision; and if it should be
now inserted upon the motion of the Senator, I
shall immediately move to insert also the officers
of the regular army, because I can never consent
that one class of officers shall be included and not
the other. In the last war bounty lands weie
granted to privates, but not to the officers. If we
put in the volunteer officers, wc ought to include
all the others. The services rendered are the
same; and, if killed, the, sacrifice is the same.
There ought to be no distinction. But I am op-
posed to extending the grant to commissioned
officers, first, because it has never been done in
our service; and, in the next place, because there
is no earthly occasion for it. If the Senator from
Georgia had filled the post of chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and seen the mul-
titude of applications which were made for com-
missions in the service, he would have been satis-
fied that there was no necessity for increasing the
inducements. If the Senator could have but a
glimpse of the multitude of applications for com-
missions, he would see that there was not the
slightest necessity for additional inducements.
Mr. BERRIEN. If I had the honor, which I
scarcely ever expect to attain, of standing in the
high position of chairman of the Military Com-
mittee 
Mr. BENTON. You would find it more of a
trouble than an honor, sir.
Mr. BERRIEN. If I had the honor of standing
in that relation to any other committee, however
much I might be embarrassed by the multitude of
duties pressing upon me, if a bill was recommitted
to that committee with precise and positive instruc-
tions, I should think it my duty to pay some obe-
dience to such instructions, whatever might be my
individual opinions. Now, the bill m this case
was recommitted with instructions to the commit-
tee to report an amendment, providing, among
others, for grants of land to officers of volunteer
corps. I apprehend that this is a question on
which the sense of the Senate has been taken, so
os to be binding upon the committee; and perhaps
the moie regular course would have been, instead
! of making the motion which I have made, to move
a recommitment of the bill with the original in-
structions. But it appeared to me to be the more
expeditious mode to move at once an amendment
calculated to carry into effect the alieady expressed
views of the Senate in giving those instructions.
Sir, we are not now discussing, nor is it m order
for me perhaps to do so, the claim of the officers of
the regular army, to be placed upon the same foot-
ins; with those of the volunteer corps m relation to
tins bounty. But I may be permitted to say that
there is a manifest difference between them. The
regular officer had selected his occupation for life
HTe is not called on to sacrifice his interests when
war takes place. He is still pursuing his stated
occupation, although in a different field; while the
volunteer officer, when called into the field, is com-
pelled to abandon his ordinary calling, and make
sacrifices in common with the private soldiers, and
is subjected in many cases to incur large expense's
in raising their companies before entering upon
service.
Mr. BENTON said it was true that this matter
formed a part of the instructions which were sent
to the committee; but itjnust be remembered that
there were seven or eight different amendments
referred to that committee, from which, in the
exercise of their judgment, they were to form an
amendment to the bill. It was necessary that they
should examine all those amendments, and from
them form such a provision as seemed to them best
calculated to produce the result which was desired;
and the exact truth was, that the committee, acting
upon their knowledge of those various propositions
to amend, had ovetlooked this particular, because
it happened to make but slight impression on their
minds. No one seemed to have thought of it; at
least he had not. The gentleman had, however,
named the proper remedy, which was a motion to
recommit the instructions. He apprehended that
there was but one single reason for the distinction
which the Senator desired to make between the
officers of the regular army and of the volunteer
corps, and it was, that the volunteer officers could
vote at the elections, while the officers of the regu-
lai army could not. Under the operation of this
policy, the officer who had been but seven years
at the Military Academy was to he treated as less
meritorious than the volunteer officer of a year's
standing.
Mr. BERRIEN said he understood the honor-
able chairman of the Military Committee to put
himself upon this ground, that the members of the
committee retained in their minds the instructions
given by the Senate upon this question, and there-
fore did not open them; and not having read the
instructions of the Senate to discover what they
were required to do, he therefore opposed a motion
which sought to enforce those instructions which
the committee had overlooked. If this were a rule
of action for the Senate, if this were a course of
argument which could avail, yet the Senator from
Missouri had already offered very clear evidence
that it was an insufficient ground upon which to
act; for, until the instructions were referred to and
read, the matter had escaped his recollection alto-
gether that any such instruction had been given.
The Senator also afforded additional evidence, in
the observations which he had made, that the rec-
ollection of the committee was an insufficient ground
of reliance, when he attributed to him the paternity
of this particular proposition. It was originally
contained in the resolution to amend, which was
offered by the Senator fiom Pennsylvania, which
amendment was modified by the Senator himself,
by striking out the provision relating to officers,
but it was contained in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, and distinctly presented
to the Senate, before he himself had the honor of
submitting any motion upon the subject. He had
afterwards moved to amend the instructions, by
inserting this provision, because it accorded with
his own views.
He had supposed that there was an essential dif-
ference between calling a man to pursue his proper
occupation, only changing the field of his opera-
tions, and taking an individual from the walks of
civil life, and breaking up ail his accustomed habits
and puisuits. The law specifies the rewards of
the icgular officcr, and he was willing to increase
those rewards in a pioper way. Although this pro-
position was not his offspring, he was m favor of
giving the land to the volunteer officeis.
Mr. BENTON replied that the Senator from
Geoigia thought that the committee had been neg-
ligent in not obeying the instructions of the Senate,
and regarded this as an act of disobedience, which
required a light and delicate punishment, a small
affair of switching; and he had diiected his attack
against him, (Mr. B.,) as chairman, who was like-
ly to get more kicks than coppers. They weie
to be forced, like unwilling servants, to do their
work. The Senator fiom Georgia had discovered
the paternity of the amendment, and says the Sen-
ator from North Carolina is the father of the brat.
If so, he had behaved in a very unnatural manner,
