1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
himself agreed to do the tiling which he deemed
puerile, lie (Mr. C.) should vote for his proposi-
tion uhen in order.
Mr. MAN6DM said he regretted to see any
sensibility upon this subject on the part of any
Senators. He could see no occasion for it. He
could not see that any imputation was designed to
be cast upon the chairman of the committee, or
upon the committee itself. The matter had merely
escaped their recollection. He supposed, if their
attention had been drawn to it, they would have
felt themselves bound to conform to the instruc-
tions. Every Senator knew how the business had
been pressed to get this question disposed of—to
get a final vote upon it. He would vote against
the recommitment, and, as at present advised, he
should vote against the proposition out and out.
Mr. BUTLER said he was not very familiar
with the parliamentary practice. He merely rose
to inquire if it were necessary, in order to intro-
duce the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Georgia, that the bill should be recommitted ? He
thought the subject had undergone as full discus-
sion as if the bill had contained the provision in
the first instance. lie thought that this amend-
ment ought to have stood entirely upon its own
merits, and that the passage of the aimy bill ought
not to be delayed by attaching to it this subjcct.
As his views differed from those of the Senator
from Georgia on this subject, he would gi\e his
reasons for the course he took. The great object
of giving bounty lands to the soldiers was to en-
courage enlistments. He was willing that it should
be given to them, provided it was sufficiently
guarded; but he was unwilling to offer to major
generals, brigadier generals, and commanders of
the anny, the same sort of bounty which was
given to the common soldier. They would not
thank them for any such bounty. He would vote
against the motion to recommit the bill, or to in-
sert the amendment.
Mr. DENTON said he should vote against it
also; but he made the motion, for he felt bound to
make it after what had taken place in the Senate.
He hoped he should have an opportunity of show-
ing himself both industrious and subordinate.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if the Senator did not
support his own motion, he (Mr. C.) certainly
should not do it.
Mr. BENTON. I shall vote against it, sir.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he intended^to vote
against the motion to recommit the bill, whatever
the instructions, but for reasons somewhat differ-
ent from those advanced by some other Senators.
"When the motion to recommit was made the other
day, he opposed it, because, as he then stated, he
believed it would occasion delay, and unnecessary
delay. He then said, if the Military Committee
did not make a report in regard to these bounty
lands which conformed to the opinions of a ma-
jority of the Senate on tins subject, that Senators
would offer substitutes for the amendments of
the committee. Now, for his part, he did notcare
what the committee rpported; if it did not suit his
views, he would seek to modify it till it did suit, if
lie could do so under the rules, and he saw no dif-
ficulty in that regard. It was not proper, on this
discussion of this motion to recommit, to give the
reasons that influenced him as to his support or
opposition of the various propositions before the
Senate; but he might say that he was in favor of
giving the voluntecis, and regular soldiers, and the
company officers of volunteeis, and none others,
one hundred and sixty acres of land; and he was
m favor of protecting them from speculators; and
he was in favor of the. provision on this subject
reported by the committee, as well because he
thought it just to protect the volunteers and sol-
diers, as because another effect would be, that the
lands in the new States would be settled up sooner;
and he hoped the Senate would refuse to recommit
the bill, would forthwith go on and consider the
bill and amendments pioposcd, and adopt such
provisions as a majoiify of the Senate deemed wise
and piopcr. Lie wished it to be known that the
friends of the bounty land proposition had from
the very first opposed all delay; that they had ad-
vocated and urged the speedy passage of the ten
regiments bill. They had not retarded it an hour.
His friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] and those who agreed with him, had
all resisted everything tending* to hamper or em-
barrass the passage of the bill one moment.
It was all-important that this ten regiments bill
should pass to-day. and the troops be raised and
sent to Mexico. It was important this b.ounty
land provision should be in this tm/ bill, in order
to induce soldiers to enlist and volunteers to enrol.
They will not, especially after the opposition indi-
cated in Congress to this bounty land provision,
rely on the liberality of Congress to pass such pro-
vision in a separate law. It should be in this bill.
Insert it, and pass the bill immediately, and you
will have your army full in thirty days.
He was in favor of the Senate acting now; it had
the bill and all the offered amendments before it;
it could adopt what it considered best, and reject
those a majority thought impolitic, fte trusted
the bill would be settled and passed to-day, and sent
to the House of Representatives.
After-afew words between Mr. Badger and
Mr. Benton, the motion to recommit was nega-
tived unanimously.
YEAS—None.
NAYS—Mes-'is. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison. Ather-
ton, Jiadgei, I5;xgl>y. Benton, IJcnien. 13iee,-e, Bright,' Butler,
Calhoun, Cameron, Cas-p. Chalmers, Cilley, John M. Clayton,
Tnomas CLuton, Colquitt. (Junvin, Ciittenden, Davis, Day-
ton, Di.\, Evans.. Fan field, Greene, Haiine<*an, Houston,
Huntington, Jantajnn, Julms-on of Louisiana, Johnson of
Maiyland, Lewh, Manjrinn, Millar, Nile--. Peaioe, Ku<k,
Sevier, Simmon*, Speight, Stiugeon, Tinney, Upliam,
Webster, Westcott, YVoodlmd^e, and Yulee—50.
The question then recurred on the motion of the
Senator from Georgia to insert the words, " com-
missioned officers of volunteer companies.5'
Mr. WEBSTER said, on this question of giving
land bounties to the officers, whether of the regular
army or volunteers, he entirely concurrcd with the
Senator from South Carolina. He thought the
distinction made by that Senator was well founded.
The object was to obtain the service of the private
soldier in the ranks of the army and in the volun-
teer corps. It had been found in our service here-
tofore, and it was found here now, and was likely
to be found hereafter, as in other countries, that
something in the way of bounty to induce the in-
listment of private soldiers for any considerable
period of service was essentially necessary. Some
gentlemen in the Senate would recollect how*high
not only a land bounty but a money bounty was
proposed to be carried towards the close of the last
war with England. He might be mistaken, for it
was a matter which he had"not recently recurred
to—but his impression was that it was more than
one hundred dollars of money bounty to the private
who inlisted into the service of the country.
[Some Senator remarked that the sum was one
hundred and twenty dollars.]
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, one hundred and twen-
ty dollars, half of which was paid down at the
time of inlistment, and the other half when the
recruit joined the regiment or corps to which he
was destined.
While Mr. W. was up, to save the necessity of
hearing from him again on this subject, he would
remark, that while he did not think it was accoid-
• ing to the practice, or wise, to offer bounties to
I officers of any grade, yet if it was intended, as he
j presumed it was, to fill the ranks of the regiments
| speedily, the^inducement to inhst m this hill was
! not enough—clearly, decidedly, not enough.
One word as to the restraints on alienation. Ac-
i cordms- to the views which the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs takes of it,
it might be very proper. That Senator looked
upon it as a present made to a workwoman, who
would go and cultivate the western country. But
he (Mr. W.) supposed they weie not now en-
gaged in considering the best means of populating
the western country, or to induce the working man
to go there. The precise point they aimed at was,
to fill the ranks of the regiments for the efficient
defence of the country—the present urgent defence
of the country. They asked, therefore, for some-
thing which would be an inducement to soldiers
to mlist. And what was it? Did any gentleman
doubt that in the case of a young man about to
inhst and enter into the service of the country, if
an offer was made of a tiact of land, and that a
certificate would be given for it at the close of the
term of service, of which he might dispose if he
did not please to go and settle on the land, prefer-
ring to stay at home in his shop or on his farm,—
did anybody doubt that, with such inducements,
inlistments would be made faster ihan they would
be if they were to tell the recruit that he should
have a certificate which he could not sell, unless
he would go and live on the land some seven or
eight years, thus calling upon him to become a
settler ? Why, he has concerns to attend to on the
coast. He may be a mechanic, whose business is
in cities, or in the interior of the older States. He
did not go into the service with such a view. I-f,
then, the soldier was to be recompensed, let it be a
recompense that he can turn to use. In his (Mr.
W.'s) judgment, such a proposition would tend to
secure inlistments quicker, which was the object
contemplated. At the proper time, without en-
larging upon it now, he should move to strike out
of the bill everything that imposes restraints or
restrictions, for he desired the bill to he confined to
this: that when the term of service expires, a cer-
tificate for land shall be given.
Mr. BAGBY called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Berrien, Breese, Blight,
Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Corwin, l)ay-
ton, Hannegan, Jaimigin, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson
of Maryland, Lewis, Mangum, Miller, IWorehead, jPhelps,
Rusk, Simmons, Sturgeon, VVcsteoU, and Woodhridge—26.
NAYS—Mes-sis. Ai cher, Ashley, Atchison, A thei ton, Bag-
by, Benton, Butlei, Oillcy, J. M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis*, Di.\, kvau-?, Fan Held, Gieene, Houston,
Huntington, Ntle=?, Pearee, Sevier, Speight, Turney, Upliam,
Webster, and Yulee—26.
The Presiding Officer voted in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CORWIN said he believed it was now in
order to move to strike out the bill and insert a
substitute. He therefore moved to strike out, and
insert the following:
"That each non-eoinmtesioned officer or private enlisted
jn the legular army, or regularly musteied in any volunteer
company, who has seived or may serve during the present
war with Me.\ieo, and who shall, at the end ol his term of
SPivtee, receive an honorable discharge, shall be entitled to
receive a certificate or wnnant fiom the War Department
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, which may he loca-
ted l>y the warrantee, hia heirs, or legal ropiosentatives, at
any land oftice in the United States, in one body, in con-
fonnity to the legal subdivisions of the public lands, in such
dis-tnets a.s <ue then subject to puvalc entiy: Provided, That
if the full tei in for which such person shall have volunteered
shall not exceed one year, then the warrant to be for eighty
acres. In ease of death in seivice, or aiter ins diseluugo,
then the certificate to go—lirf-t.to the widow; second, to the
children; thud, Ins father; fourth, his mother; and, ftlih,
Ins biothers and sifters."
Mr. CORWIN said he merely desired to say to
the Senate what was the difference between his
substitute and the report of the committee. The
object which already had been urged from various
quarters of the Senate, to grant land to the sol-
diers, he should say nothing about, bccause he
conceived that the mind of every Senator was made
up on that subject. His principle objection to the
bill which had been reported from the Military
Committee was, the restraints which it imposes on
alienations of the land after it had been acquired
by the soldier; and he took that exception to it in
view of the principle upon which he supposed the
Senate was acting in granting these donations at
ail. It was intended, as had been well observed,
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster,] to operate as an inducement to those whom
we now solicit to enter the military service of the
country. Now, he thought a very little reflection
on the character and pursuits of those who were
likely to enter the volunteer or regular service,
would satisfy any man that the grant of a quarter
section of land to be received by them at the end
of their term of service, and to be inalienable by
them, and, consequently, useless to them for the
term of seven years, was not an inducement equiv-
alent to that offered by the amendment which he
had proposed. He would not pretend to he very
accuiate m the construction he had been able to
put on the words employed in order to impose
these restraints on alienation, but he thought he
was not mistaken in this, that when the certificate
for a quarter section of land shall be issued, it does
not endow the holder of it with a right to dispose
of it until the end of seven years, when a patent
j will be issued; and it prohibits him from making
[ any use of it whatever, cither by lien, collection of
| money by agreement for the occupation of the
! land, or any means whatever. In short, it was
! perfectly useless to him for seven years after his
; term of service; and also during that time, if he
j had not misunderstood the bill, the land was sub-
; ject to taxation. No bond could be made, no
' agreement entered into by him for leasing it, or for
' the occupation of it in any way. It was simply
! saying to him that he should, within seven years
j from the expiration of ins term of service, have a
1 quarter section of land, and in the meantime he
