208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•Tan. 10.
should pay taxes on it, without his being able to
make any conceivable use of it, except he would
go and reside upon it himself; for if he made any
agreement, in any way, to remunerate him for the
taxes which he might pay on that land, it could
not be enforced.
Now, he presumed no one would pretend to
deny that a very considerable proportion of those
who were likely to enter the service, either as vol-
unteers or as regular soldiers, would be found to
belong to some of the trades or mechanical pur-
suits which were common to the men of this coun-
try. He thought he was not mistaken when he
said one entire company raised in the State of
Massachusetts consisted altogether of mechanics—
printers, tailors* shoemakers, and hatters. Now,
what inducement did they propose to a man accus-
tomed all his lifetime to work m mechanical pur-
suits, when they offered him a certificate for a
quarter section of land, on which he would have to
pay taxes for seven years, which he must then
make available to him, and not before? Did
they expect a shoemaker to go into the western
forests with the choppmg-axe, or any of the other
trades to engage in pursuits so uncongenial with
those to which they had been accustomed? But
according to this bill no man could do it for him, |
for every agreement made for lien or tranfer was I
■void. Ail these classes of society, then, would 1
have no inducements at all; for, as the distin-
guished Senator from Missouri had said, it would ;
make twenty thousand men, after making war on ;
the Mexicans, march into the far West and make ;
time for its value, if the highest possible induce-
ments even should be operating to induce him to
make the conveyance. He was precluded from
selling it for its value. There might, to be sure,
be among those who were to receive this bounty,
those who were improvident, and who would be
disposed to sell it for less than its value; but to
guard against improvidence or imposition in any
ease, it was proposed to enforce unjust restrictions
in all cases. If they proposed to hold out the
inducement to inlist by giving bounties of land,
they must leave it unfettered: leave the person to
whom it was given the right to act like an inde-
pendent citizen. If his wants require him to sell
it, let him do so. Do not tie up his hands.
But there was in this original bill another word
which would not only prevent him making a con-
tract, an assignment, a deed, or a transfer by deed
or parole, but it absolutely forbade him devising
it to anybody for seven years; and whatever might
be the wants of his family, they were not to be
allowed to enjoy the benefit of it. So far therefore
as the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio goes
to remove restrictions on alienation, he thought it
was right. Without such restrictions the army
would be sooner recruited. He thought by adopt-
ing the amendment they should be but doing an
act of justice to those who ought to receive it, and
who oi ght to exercise the rights of freemen in dis-
posing of it; especially when they took away what
to him was a most obnoxious feature, which re-
stricted the right of alienation, not only by con-
tract, but by devise or will, which he would not
agree to. He had no desire, to prolong the debate.
war on the forests. It was compulsory on them
to do so, under the penalty of twenty thousand '\ He merely rose to express his views on the sub-
quarter sections of land. j; ject of alienation, the restriction on which he was
Now, Mr. C.'s object was to make the land of opinion was unwise, inexpedient, and unjust,
alienable, and thus hold out a proper and adequate j He should go to take it off entirely; but if that
inducement. He knew very well that the Senator could not be done, he should go to reduce it as
from Missouri had this object perhaps much j much as possible.
more at heart, than he (Mr. C.) had. They all ;j Mr. R. JOHNSON understood that this amend-
ainied at the same thing. His amendment pro- 1 ment proposed to give this bounty land only to
posed to give a quarter section of land, or a war- i those soldiers, whether regulars or volunteers, who
rant which would be worth that, to all who served !| have actually served in the army out of the United
for twelve months, at the expiration of his term of t States. That was his reading of it. Now, whilst
service. It might be located anywhere. It was ; he was up, he would state very briefly, whv it was
so much scrip ■frhich was receivable in payment !j that he was unable to agiee with the committee in
for public lands. That quarter section, instead of1! the provision which they have reported, as proper
being taken up in tracts of forty or fifty acres jl to constitute a part of this bill. It seemed to be
each, by his amendment was proposed to be one jl the sense of Senators, that it was desirable on
tract; and to those who had not served twelve j; all accounts that bounty lands should be o-iven to
months, to meet the views of the Senator from j the soldier, whether volunteer or regular. Itap-
Missouri, he gave eighty acres of land, or a wai- jj peared to be the prevailing opinion of the Senate,
rant for that quantity, which would be land scrip : that it was advisable to make such a provision in
equal to one hundred dollars, estimating the land i' tins bill. He owned that his choice would be to
at the present rate of $1 25 pei acre. This, then, ' do it by a separate bill. The difference, then, was
would operate cxactly as so much money paid into ., not whether it was the true policy to offer this land
the hands of the soldiers, or agreed to be paid. j! bounty, but as to the proper mode in which the
Mr. C. appealed, as the Senator from Massa- '! bounty should be secured. The committee pro-
chusetts had done, to their experience in the war ■ pose that the benefit of that bounty should not be
of 1812. He thought it would be found on a re- j,  *'J ' ' '
currence to the statute, that during that time thiee ;i
hundred and twenty acres were received at one ;
time; but even three hundred and twenty acres of |
bounty land was found not to produce the desired i'
result, and a bounty in money was found to be
better, for that alone succeeded m filling up the
ranks. If, then, their experience was worth any-
thing, the proposition to give land to the extent
proposed by the committcc would be found to be
insufficient. But by converting it into money, or
to emigrate. They were satisfied with their present
location. They have gone simply in a spirit of
patriotism, in defence of their country—to pour out
their blood on eveiy battle-field in which their ser-
vice may be required, expecting, after a time, that,
such as are suffered to return—that those who
escape the calamities of war—will return to their
homes to live and die in the State of their nativ-
ity. But what was the practical operation of this
provision on them? They come home at the end
of the war—after, perhaps, a war of seven years
if they survive—and for seven years afterwards
they are to have no advantage whatever from this
, bounty; not only no privilege themselves, nor en-
joyment of it, but their wives and childieu will
; enjoy no advantage from it, unless in seven yeais
i the soldier should die and they thought proper to
j emigrate, leave their home and the State of their
j nativity, and seek an asylum elsewhere on the one
i hundred and sixty acres of land which the bounty
of the Government gave to them. If this war
: should terminate to-day, and the Maryland soldier
i should return to-day and die to-morrow, leaving a
j wife and children, who might flatter themselves
jj that they could remain there and support them-
selves out of the bounty of the Government, they
j: would be told that they could make no use of it
until after the expiration of seven years. The wife
t' might die, and still such would be the condition of
jj the children. Those children might be dying for
S1 want of the necessaries which that very land would
!: procure, but they were to be told die yon must 
i! suffer you must—unless you will go and make
j; Missouri your home. He was opposed to it, then,
;! on the ground that it draws a distinction—an en-
'; vious, unjust distinction—between the citizens of
11 the old and the new States.
:| The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Huxting-
i'ton] had called their attention to a particular
; clause, which, if possible, was still more objection-
able and obnoxious to censure. The soldier was
i promised a bounty, and he was supposed to earn
ij it; yet, during seven years, notwithstanding what
;; might be the conduct of his wife or children—how
filial soever might be one, and unfilial another—lie
was not able to distinguish at his death between
them. Now, this seemed to him (Mr. J.) to be
unjust. There were evils, they knew—the Senator
from Missouri had been looking at them, as he
(Mr. J.) thought, too closely—arising out of the
abuse o^ the bounty of the Government. There
was danger that these bounty lands and the rights
of the soldiers might fall into the hands of specu-
lators; but it was better, infinitely bettei, that that
danger should be run, than that it should be eaten
up by taxes for seven years; that the whole might
be sold to some citizen of Missouri, to pay taxes
to the State of Missouri. So much for the bill.
Mr. J. differed from his friend from Ohio [Mr.
.   - , ^ —-- Corwin] in opinion that these bounties should be
granted, as far as the patent was concerned, till given to those who are to serve out of the United
after seven years Irom the termination of the sol- States. In the first ulace, because it would be
dier s service; and during the whole of these seven difficult to determine the question of fact; for on
years, while the title exists-the right to the this day it was hard to tell what is the United
patent—no disposition should be made of the land j States. What is the United States? Is the Rio
in any form, either by the act of the party, or judi- ; Grande its boundary? Why, some Senators had
cia y. n he understood the Senator from Mis- j said no. He thought his friend from Missouri had
souri, (and it was to be supposed, in that respect, [I said, on a former occasion, it was not the limit of
he spoke the sentiments of a majority of the com- j; Texas, which has now become part of these
mittee,) to say that one of his objects m making j! United States. Well, if that was not the limit,
, ■ , , e ■ i -i ■ hmitation of the soldier s rights, was to pro- :! where was the soldier to °-o? We are takino-mili-
the equivalent of money, ami making it inalienable ;l cure, as soon as possible, a settlement of the States l! tary possession of this that and the other" n'ac
or untransferable until his term of service expires, : in which the locations were. And from the man- l| in E pZ°l and it wasYiid they were U
the soldier would get what they proposed he should ! ner m which the Senator stated it, he was rather ' ■■ - the} ue
realize, and they would attain the great object de- . led to think, that that was the Senator's primary,
: rather than his secondary object. Now, the effect
i of such a provision was—he spoke it with due re-
' spect to the committee—to draw an envious, un-
just distinction, between the soldier or volunteer
who may go from the old States, in which there are
si red by all.
jMr. HUNTINGTON said, so far as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio proposed a removal
of limitations on the grant of these bounty lands,
he was in favor of it. Indeed his impression was
very stiong that any limitations of the bounty
proposed was not only inexpedient, as had been
suggested by several gentlemen, but, in his judg-
ment, it was unjust, for it made no discrimination,
and refused the right of conveyance and transfer
' no lands, and the soldier or volunteer who may be
j; taken from the States in which there are such
,j lauds. The volunteer from Maryland or Virginia,
or any other State whore there is no land "to be
located, would not, practically, though he
1    j..*uuvivuu r , iiv wao
unuer any circumstance^and in^ any fornh He , theoretically, be put in the same position as the
u...i —    i]" i volunteer from Arkansas, Missouri, Ohio, or other
States in which there might be such land. He was,
! to be sure, to have a bounty of one hundred and
sixty acres of land at the termination of his ser-
; vice, but he was told, practically, that to have that
o i | bounty which the Government gave, was to answer
ions of the bill, as repotted to the Senate, there no practical purpose. The citizens of Maryland
could not be a bona fide conveyance made at any ;i who were volunteering in this war, had no desire
had no doubt, if the bill should pass with the
amendment of the Committee on Military Affairs,
it would have a most deleterious tendency on in-
listments. Instead of being a motive to inlist, it
would be none at all; for to the recruit it would be
almost \aluelesss. Whv, according to the provis-
Sace
... - -    - '<>
become ours by right of conquest. California,
i then, is within the United States. Monterey also.
1 What did his friend from Ohio mean, then? Did
1 he mean to say that the soldier who served up to
1 that line is not to be entitled, but that those who
i £0 beyond it are' Why, just as soon as the sol-
; dier goes beyond it, and becomes successful, the
| country beyond that line also becomes part of these
i United States.
! [Parras is already, observed a Senator.]
! Yes, Parras is now a part of the United States.
| That's progressive Democracy. As, then, there
I was no practical limit, was this amendment just m
| itself? The soldier inlists, or volunteers, and is
( subject to the order of the Government—and the
! object was, to hold out inducements to volunteer—
I but if the Government thought proper, it might
jgive to the Missouri or the Ohio soldier an order
; to go out of the United States, which might not
| be given to the Maryland soldier; and by keeping
i the Maryland soldier within the United States, the
