1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
they had ever shown themselves ready to fight; in
thelate war they had received but a small "rate of
compensation, and he doubted not for a moment
that they would show themselves ready again. If
this were a war of invasion of our soil, intended to
prostrate our free institutions—should the footsteps
of a haughty invader desecrate that soil of the re-
public which was hallowed by the graves of our
fathers and by being the birth-place of our children
—no doubt they would rush to the field in crowds,
and fight without a dollar's pay for home, for kin-
dred, and for all that man holds dear. But when
they were called on to march to a foreign and a
distant land, to abandon ail the pleasures of home,
and to fill ignoble graves without even meeting an
enemy—to tall by the pestilence that walketli in
darkness, by the arrow that flieth in the noon day—.
it was no more than right that they should be paid,
and liberally and punctually paid. lie knew well
that our brave volunteers made no cold-blooded
mercenary calculations about how much they were
to be paid, or whether they were to lie paid at all;
but this Government was able to pay its troops,
and never should incur the foul reproach of stint-
ing them in their allowance or neglecting its pay-
ment.
Again; Taking all the causes of this war to he
just as the President stated them, (and that was a
question Mr. B. did not now propose to discuss,)
he for one held that there was in these causes
themselves good reason for increasing our soldiers'
pay. When he said he should not discuss the
true causes of the war, he did not wish to be un-
derstood as admitting for a moment that the causes
of it were not matters to be inquired into. He
scorned such an insinuation, and the very stijges-
tion of it was in itself proof of weakness and cause
of suspicion'. Besides, the suggestion was vain,
for the spirit of inquiry was abroad in the land—
as well in the army as out of it. The soldier who
marched into a sickly clime to fight the battles of
the country wanted naturally to know why it was
that he.was sent into such a region; why, after a
peace of thirty years, the country had been plunged
into a wat of which we could see no termination.
The President had, indeed, set forth the provoca-
tions of Mexico, and the peaceful mission of Mr.
Slidell, and complained loudly that Mexico had
not been willing to receive him. But Mexico had
again and again declared that she was willing- to
receive him as a commissioner to treat on bound-
ary, but not as a minister plenipotentiary, while,
Mr. Polk said she should receive him as a full
minister or not at all. Thus, then, it appeared we
were fighting, at all this cost of blood and treasure,
on the important question whether Mr. Slidell
should be recognised as a minister ad hoc or a min-
ister plenipotentiary. Everybody knew, that if
the President had consented to let him be received
as Mexico was willing- to receive him, and had not
insisted that she should take him as a minister ple-
nipotentiary, this war might all have been avoided.
Now,if men were sent two or three thousand miles
to shed their blood on such a question as that, lie
thought they ought certainly to be well paid. To
go all the way to Mexico, and fight on a mere
point of etiquette, was a service which ought to be
well rewarded. Had Mexico been a powerful
nation, like some with whom we had had disputes,
he presumed this point of etiquette would not have
been quite so stoutly insisted on. But with them
we could make far greater sacrifices; for peace in
that quarter we could yield not empty points of
ceremony, but great and substantial matters—
millions of acres of territory and the navigation of
rivers, neither of which our President had said he
would ever give up. If we could yield matters of
this weight to Great Britain, might we not have
conceded a point of diplomatic ceremony to Mex-
ico ?
But then gentlemen said we were fighting for a
substantial thing: we were fighting to get six mil-
lions of dollars, due to us for spoliations on our
property; we had issued execution on Mexico
for this money, and put the precept into the hands
of Rough and Ready to serve. Well, all Mr. B.
should say on this was, that it was like to prove a
pretty costly lawsuit. He thought we should
probably spend a good deal more than six millions
to get our money back; however that might be,
we ought at least to pay the fees of the officer
sent to serve the process. If this bill should pass,
about two millions would be paid to the army,
being just the same amount which was to have
been paid to Santa Ana. Our valiant President
had sent for this pure patriot from Havana to
make a peace for us, and had agreed to put two
millions into his hands as a means ov a reward for
doing it. Mr. B. said, let this money rather go to
our brave soldiers: it was better to apply it to the
purposes of open warfare than to give it under-
handedly to such a miscreant as Santa Ana. It
was time we put a stop to that miserable farce
which commenced on his return to Mexico. The
people of the United States were anxious for a
peace, but they wanted an honorable peace. It
was not perfidy, it\vas not low intrigue, that they
approved, would endorse, or tolerate. This re-
doubtable scheme to end this Mexican war had
done and would do more to prolong it than
anything else that had happened since it began.
This was a sort of policy that savored more of the
Italian and the Spaniard than of the frank and
bold race that achieved our Revolution. Itsmacked
of lands where the poniard and the stiletto were
the favorite means either of taking vcneeance ov
redressing injuries. It was not that sort of victory
which our American people desired. They bad
sent an army to demand their redress; and it was
in open field, beneath the star-striped standard, the
emblem of their freedom and their sovereignty,
that they wanted to see the blow struck for their
just rights. They wanted no victory that was not
won by the strong arms and stout hearts of their
own soldiery—they sought no peace that would
not bear the light of day. Mr. B. had ever been
of the opinion that honesty was the best policy.
But the policy of our Republican President had
taught, Mexico to believe that we could wink at
perfidy. Such conduct brought to Mr. B.'s mind
the conduct of a noble-minded Indian warrior. In
the commencement of our late war in Florida," the
blood-hound war,1' the chief, Oceola, found him-
self pressed and hemmed in on every side by our
troops, and an embassy was sent him, promising
that, if he would agree to certain bounds, a com-
promise should be effected and the troops with-
drawn. He was surrounded by the chiefs in
council, who all urged him to accept, the terms.
But, after weighing our proposals, as laid in wri-
ting before him, and listening to the talks of all
his braves, the indignant warrior replied: "Amer-
ican speaks with a forked tongue: I can't rely on
him;" and then striking his dagger through the
despatch that lay befere him, he cried: "You have
Oceola's answer." So it would be in this war;
and perfidy would engender a spirit of bitterness
which nothing could assuage. No; let our motto
rather be: "Millions for defence, but not a cent
for tribute." Let us give bv millions to our brave
army, but to Santa Ana nothing but balls and bay-
onets.
Mr. B. said that this war had changed its char-
acter. At first it had been a war for boundary;
now it was a war of conquest. The President con-
gratulated Congress and the, nation on the vast
extent of territory we had conquered. Well, if we,
had acquired such an immense, empire, territory
exceeding in amount the original States of this
Union, surely we could afford to pay those whose
bravery had won it all. He would not endorse
all the President said about om- conquests: on
that he expressed no opinion at this moment;
but, at all events, we ought to pay the instru-
ments who achieved them. [A voicc: " Well,
take their payout of the land.""] A gentleman
said take their pay out of the, land. Mr. B 's
reply was this: better first get the land. So f.u-
was he from congratulating the country on our
vast accessions of territory, he had heard the an-
nouncement with melancholy forebodings. Al-
ready these anticipated conquests of ours were
seized on by politicians as means of party warfare
and party ascendency. Proposals as to the mode
of distribution had already been made from New
York, and even reduced to the shape of a bill, and
brought into this House. And already they were
made the occasion to renew the cry for a dissolu-
tion of the Union. Nor could the question of their
future disposition be separated from the other.
Mr. GORDON, of New York, said he had said
nothing about a division of the Union; he had
never heard such a. thing talked of but by gentle-
men from the South.
Mr. BELL resumed. The manner of the gen-
tleman's reply showed the callousness with which
such a question had already come to be contem-
plated, It was to some gentlemen as nothing.
The gentleman very coolly replied that "he had
never said anything about dissolving the Union.'*
No; though he had raised the very question which,
of all others, was most certain to start such a ques-
tion. Mr. B., in contemplating those wide prov-
inces now conquered by us, could not call away
his thoughts from the time when the same regions
had been subdued by Cortes, and they were haunt-
ed by melancholy forebodings. When itwasknown
in Spain-that the empire of the Montezumas had
been overthrown, the heart of the Spanish monarch
leaped within him for joy and swelled with pride.
When be heard of the beauteous plains and tower-
ing mountains and rich mines of these new depend-
encies of his Crown, his heart was lifted up within
him, and he exulted in Spain as the glory of the
world. What was Spain now? And bad not that
very conquest, by the retributive fiat of Heaven,
been made the very means of her own ruin ? Did
the world's experience teach us nothing? Did not
fear fling her dark shadow across our path to con-
quest? The greatest soldier of the present age had
once congratulated himself that the foundations of
bis dynasty were laid so deep that nothing could
shake it; but God himself, as if in scorn, had
directed his wind to blast him in the full flower of
his proud exultation, whpn marehina; to conquest
with all Europe at his heels; and in how short a
space was that vast empire divided and gone, and
he himself sent a lone and powerless exile to perish
on a rock in the midst of the sea !
So would this vast addition to the territory of
the Union prove to it only ail element of -weak-
ness. He did not believe our people had anything
of that lust of conquest which seemed to possess
some politicians here. Cortes had said of the
Spaniards, thev had a disease of the heart which
nothing but gold could cure: it might have been so
with them; but Mr. B. could not believe that his
own countrymen had any disease of the heart which
nothing but, new territory could cure: though he
was not prepared to say that, if in a peaceful and
honorable manner the limits of the Union could be
enlarged, they would have any objections to it.
Mr! B. had one more reason to give why the
pay of these volunteers should be increased; he .
would give the additional pay as an additional
stimulant to the prosecution of the war. Here we
wore in the midst of a war: was there any honor-
able means of ending it, now we were in, but by
fighting ourselves out, and conquering the Mexi-
cans? "We must do this first, and then we could
afford to deal not only justly but generously with
a fallen foe. Mr. B. was for prosecuting it with
vigor, but not with such absurd haste as the Presi-
dent had exhibited in the matter of Taylor's armis-
tice at Monterey, when he had started a special
messenger to that gentleman to say that the Gov-
ernment would not abide by the terms granted,
who arrived on the J3th when the armistice was
to expire of itself on the 17th! He was not quite
so vigorous as all that: but he was willing to vote
the President all the men and money he could
reasonably demand, and then to hold him respon-
sible for the use he made of them. And now let
gentlemen say boldly, what hitherto they had been
afraid to say—let them tell us what sort of a war
it was to be. Let it bo known and understood
that this was to be a prolonged and a bitter war.
The enemy bad now shown a different front. We
were now likely to have such a war aswouhirouse
up and call forth the energies of the nation. He
was willing to prepare for it: he was ready to give
the President all the men lie wanted to prosecute
it: but one of the best ways to attach them to the
service was to give them good and certain pay.
Mr. STARKWEATHER obtained the floor,
but yielded it to allow Mr. THOMASSON to
have an amendment sent to the Clerk's table which
he proposed to offer. The amendment was read
for information.
Mr. STARKWE \THERsatd that he should not
attempt to answer the attack which had been made
here upon the Administration or upon his country.
His intention was simply to amte one legal pro-
position Which had been started by his colleague,
[Mr. Vinton,] as to the power of Congress to re-
strict the transfer of the warrants to be granted
under the bill. But before he did that, he would
notice one or two of the remarks which had been
made during the present argument Here Mr. S.
alluded to what Mr. Beli. had said about the re-
wards that General Taylor would have received
from the crowned heads of Europe; and went on
