216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
Of the volunteers from his own State, he found
that but four hundred and fifty survived, out of
one thousand, which Indiana sent to the battler
field; but four hundred and fifty were reported
the other day for duty and service. They had
been kept at the mouth of the river to guard the
baggage, and not allowed to see the enemy—and
it was the enemy they went to see. Fever and
disease had destroyed more than the enemy. He
could not, therefore, agree to propositions of this
Jcind. His desire was to equalize the grant they
should make; and to accomplish this purpose, he
should go for the proposition of the Senator from
Texas, with some amendment. He did not think
it covered sufficient ground; but when it should
come up for consideration, he should attempt to
correct what appeared to him to be defects, and
then he should give it his support. He could not, j
however, go for the pending amendment of the I
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Corv/i>t.] j
Mr. CHALMERS suggested that there was not j
sufficient, if any, provision made for those who j
were stricken down by sickness after their inlist- j
ment. 1
Mr. CORWIN desired the Secretary to read his
amendment; and it was read accordingly.
Mr. CHALMERS still was not satisfied with
the phraseology of that amendment. That amend-
ment only provided for those who 14 are m the ser-
vice," whereas there might be some who might
die of sickness, but who might not be actually in
the service at the time of death. There might be
some honorably discharged who misht die of sick-
ness brought upon them by the public seivice in
which they had been engaged. He thought such
cases presented claims for which provision should
be made.
Mr. CORWIN replied, that the bill was intend-
ed to meet every case. The gentleman would see
that all who were honorably discharged were pro-
.vided for, provided they had been m the service
for three months.
Mr. CHALMERS said his objection was not
yet met. He would include the whole of those
who left their homes to go to peril their lives in a
foreign land. He wished theie to be no restric-
tion as to time of service, but to extend the bounty
to all, whether the length of service was three
months or three days. He desned the Senator
from Ohio to amend his amendment by providing
for those who were honorably discharged before
their term of service had expired, in consequence
of wounds received, or sickness incurred, during
the time of such service.
Mr. CORWIN. I have no objection, sir.
The amendment was amended accordingly.
Mr. BAGBY sent an amendment to the Secre-
tary's desk, to make the provision which lie had
before suggested, viz: an estate for life in the land
to non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, with dower to widows, and entail in fee to
their heirs-at-law, according to the laws of the State
where the lands he.
The amendment was read for information, but
it was not now in order.
Mr. CORWIN desired to explain a difficulty
which had been suggested by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Haxn^gan,] and which had pre-
sented itself to his own mind. In granting boun-
ties he admitted that some respect should be paid
to the length of service, so that it should not ap-
pear to be a mere gratuity to the troops, but that
the bounty should bear some relation to the service
rendered. In the further prosecution of the war,
it was not likely that the troops would be raised,
whether regular soldieis or volunteers, but for
longer periods of service—the former for live years,
and the latter during the war. As the principal
object of this bill was therefore prospective, and
the design to recruit the army speedily, it did ap-
pear to him that there should not be a greater
bounty given to those who enter during the war
now pending, than to those who went into it with-
out any other motive than the laws furnished at
the time they entered into the service. Now, he
supposed that every one who was acquainted with
the generosity of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hannegan,] knew that if he could do it from his
own private purse, he would be willing to bestow
on the soldier any gratuity that might be necessa-
ry; but when they were disposing of the money in
the public treasury, a appealed "to him that they
should be careful to give only in cases wheie it
was necessary to make some compensation to
those who were to receive it. And in making
compensation, they must also make a discrimina-
tion between those who have served but a limited
time, and those whose service has been longer.
Again: there was some misunderstanding on
another point. Now, he contended that his
amendment did, in fact and in substance, give to a
soldier receiving a land warrant a money war-
rant—dollars and cents—restricting it to this, that
it was only receivable in payment of public lands.
It was land scrip, as much as was that winch the
Senator from Texas proposed.
Mr. ALLEN embraced the opportunity to state
how he should vote. He should vote against this
amendment, and afterwards vote to give the land
unrestricted to the soldier. He should vote against
any proposition to give scrip, as he was by no
means in favor of converting eight millions of acres
of land into a paper currency.
The' vote was then taken, and Mr. CORWIN'S
amendment was agreed to; yeas 29, nays 18, as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aicher, Badger, Bcuien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Camu on, Clmlmeis, Cilley, J. M. Clayton, Thomas-
Claj ton,C'>nvin,CiiUeiKlen, Davis, D.iyton, Evan?, Greene,
Huntington, Jdinagtu, Johnston ol' Maryland, Johnson ol'
Luui-i.uih, Manguni, Miller, Moiein'ad, Poaree, Phelps,
Stun^on, Uph.un, Wcb^tfr, Woodbridgu—29.
KAYS—Mesvib. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Atlierton, Bag-
bv, Benton, Brec.se, Bnght. Cass, Di.x, Fan field, I-lamiegan,
Houston, Niles, Sevier, Speight, Turuey,and Westcott—18.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CHALMERS called the attention of the
Senate to another amendment, which gave the Pres-
ident of the United States power by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate to appoint sur-
geons and assistant surgeons to the army.
It was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT also called attention to a pro-
vision of the bill by which majors were to be ap-
pointed to these new legmients from the captains
in the regular service, and to another provision by
which, at the end of the war, these new regiments
were to be disbanded. He thought some amend-
ment was necessary; but he deferied to others bet-
ter acquainted with the objects desiied to be reachcd,
to offer it. He thought the best way was to strike
out the words " from captains in the army," for if
kept mand good captains were selected, they would
lose their places at the end of the war. To prevent
the law as it now stands from operating badly, no
account captains must be selected as majors as a
mode of getting rid of them at the end of the war.
The matter should be understood befoie this sec-
tion was adopted. He made the suggestion, but
should oiler no amendment.
Mr. R. JOHNSON said the Senator from Flor-
ida was clearly right—some amendment was re-
quisite, for as the bill now stood, the President had
no diseietion in his appointment of majots, except
as among the captains of the regular army. But
if they were to be discharged from the United
States service at the close of the war with Mexico,
the effect would be that the captains would refuse
to receive the appointments, and there would be
no majois for those regiments. To guaid against
this, he proposed a proviso, that no officer now in
the army of the United States, who may be ap-
pointed as provided by this act, shall be discharged
cit the close of the war. The effect of tins would
be to leave it to the subsequent action of Congress
to say what should become of them.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. DIX,
Mr. R. JOHNSON, Mr. CASS, and Mr. JAR-
NAG1N, and then the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved an amendment at the
end of the section, to provide for the appointment
of a chaplain to each regiment, and he proposed to
fill the blank left for the remuneration of the chap-
lains with " the pay and emoluments of a major of
dragoons.
Mr. DIX suggested that there was another bill
on their tallies which made provision for the organi-
zation of the army, in which there was a provision
for the appointment of chaplains. As soon as this
bill was disposed of, he intended to ask the Senate
to take up that bill.
Mr. BERRIEN said if he understood the mat-
ter, the other bill which the Senator from New
York referred to proposed a chaplain only to each
brigade, whereas the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana was very different, inasmuch as it pro-
posed to appoint a chaplain to each regiment. lie
should prefer that tho amendment of the Senator
from Indiana should prevail rather than that allu-
ded to by the Senator from New York. He hoped,
therefore, that the Senator from Indiana would not
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. DIX replied that that amendment could come
up when the other bill was under consideration, and
it could be ingrafted on that bill if it were deemed
proper.
Mr. HANNEGAN intimated that he would
willingly yield to the suggestion of the Senator
from New York if he had any assurance that it
could be got up hereafter; but he thought they
were under obligations in legislating for the nation
to provide the troops with chaplains, and that he
should avail himself of this opportunity to urge
his amendment. He was of opinion that if chap-
lains had been provided for those who have gone
into Mexico, the crimes and disorders of which
they had heard so much, would but have been as
one to one hundred. He wanted to give to the
soldier a companion, too, in the hour of sickness,
as well as to produce order and propriety and de-
cency in the camp wherever it might be pitched,
and there was no power on earth so well calcu-
lated to do this as the officer he had named. He
called for the yeas and nays on his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. R. JOHNSON would like to hear from some
member of the Military Committee how much a
major of dragoons does receive.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he did not know.
Mr. BENTON replied, that it was about $2,000.
Mr. BREESE said it wa's $3,182 83.
Mr. BERRIEN asked if there was not a greater
compensation recommended by the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. DIX replied in the affirmative, but that
proposition only intended to give one chaplain to
a brigade.
Mr. R.JOHNSON thought ^2,100 each, for ten
chaplains to be added to these ten regiments that
were to be raised, was too large a sum to give.
Mr. HANNEGAN thought the difference of
$400, $500, or §600, in such a ease, was a differ-
ence too trifling for serious consideration. He
would, however, to meet the views of the Senator
from Maryland, fix the sum at $1,500.
Mr. BUTLER said he should vote against the
amendment, as the Senator from New York had
informed them that another bill would provide one
chaplain to each brigade. He was willing to pay
such functionaries liberally, but one for each regi-
ment would be more than was required.
Mr. DIX rose to correct an impression which
had been created. The bill to which he had before
referred, proposed to give to chaplains the pay and
emoluments of a major of infantry, and not of
dragoons, making a difference of about §,300.
Mr. HANNEGAN remarked, in reply to the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] that
one chaplain to each brigade, would be a virtual
denial of such officers. A brigade was composed
; of three regiments, one of which might be at Par-
t ras, while another was at Monterey, and the other
I at Camargo; and it was impossible that a chaplain
could divide himself into three pieces.
Mr. BUTLER replied, that if one brigade chap-
lain was not piesent to pi each to the soldiers, per-
haps another would; for it was to be supposed that
they would preach for each other.
Mr. CAMERON said he did not suppose the
duty of a brigade chaplain was confined to preach-
ing. He hoped such an officer would be found a
ministering angel to the sick and the dying.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he desired to say a few
words about the proposed chaplains. He had no
i objection to the President appointing as many chap-
; lains as may be wanted, and to pay them a thou-
! sand or fifteen hundred dollars a year, if deemed
j necessary. I*Ie would go further, and give every
j officer and soldier that wished it a Bible and Pwalm
i Book and Hymn Book, according to the denomi-
! nation or sect he preferred. But he was altogether
j opposed to appointing these chaplains to any par-
| ticular corps, m the way proposed. Let eight or
j ten, or more, if necessary, of different persuasions
j be selected, but not attached to any specified regi-
ment or corps, but to serve in their sacred office
when and where and on the occasions the officers
may designate as most proper. Otherwise, what
would occur? There are Catholics and Protest-
ants, Presbyterians and Methodists, Baptists and
Unitarians, Jews and Gentiles, in every regiment.
His friend near him, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
