1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
Mr. CULVER moved to strike out the follow-
ing item of the bill, viz: " For pay of commission,
warrant, and petty officers and seamen, including
the engineer corps of the navy, $3,292,806."
Mr. CULVER then addressed the committee in
a lengthened speech, embracing a ^reat variety of
topics—the charge of " federalism,'1 which he re-
torted on sundry prominent members of the Demo-
cratic party, the war, the finances, the State debts,
and the course of an honorable member from Ohio,
[Mr. Sawyer.] In the course of his remarks,
Mr. C. alluded to the State of Mississippi as having
repudiated its debts; which called up
Mr. ROBERTS, who remarked, that if the gen-
tleman intimated that thfe State of Mississippi had
repudiated, he had made a false statement.
Mr. CULVER replied, that he meant to say
that the Governor of that State had repudiated.
Mr. SAWYER said that he could not conde-
scend to answer the tirade of the member from
New York. He had several reasons for it. First,
there was not substance enough to form a tangible
point—there was no substance m a " bag of wind."
He (Mr. S.) would relate an anecdote which hap-
pened in the New York Legislature to a member
of that body—perhaps the member will recollect
it. The speech just heard reminded him of it. A
member of that body was making a speech, such
an one as we had just heard. He was frequently
calling for the page to bring him water to keep up
the wind. A member arose to a question of order,
and was, by the Speaker, asked to reduce his point
of order to writing. He said the point was,
whether, under the rules, it was right for a "wind-
mill to go by water," and Mr. S. understood that
the Chair decided that the " wind-mill" was out
of order. Mr. S. said he was charged by the mem-
ber from New Yoik with haying voted on both
sides of the river and harbor bill, and that act was
set down as subserviency to the Executive. I
(said Mr. S.) did vote on both sides of the bill;
but what were the circumstances under which
these two votes were given ? He had voted for the
bill in the House, where it passed before there was
any war; we had $10,000,000 surplus money in
the treasury when it passed; it was sent to the
Senate, and passed there after about two months;
was sent to the President, and by him vetoed; it
then came back to the House with the President's
objections. He then voted to sustain the veto;
and some of his reasons were, that from the time
it passed the House to its return, we had deliber-
ately voted that war existed between the United
States and Mexico. The battles of Palo Alto and
Resaca de la Palma had been fought. We had
authorized the President to call for 50,000 volun-
teers; had appropriated not only the $10,000,000,
but had authorized a loan, for the purpose of carry-
ing on the war. He thought it no time to be ma-
king harbors and clearing out rivers. He thought,
and so voted, that all the energies of the nation
ought to be put forth to sustain the honor of our
country. He had no apology to make to the mem-
ber from New York, nor to anybody else, for the
votes he then gave: his constituents had passed
upon that subject. But (said JVtr. S.) I have an
insuperable objection to the member himself, if all
reports be true; and he believed what he was now
about to relate was tiue. He (Mr. S.) was credi-
bly informed, that the member who had just issued
his tirade of filth against almost every prominent
member of the Democratic party, was guilty of an
attempt to bribe 
Here the CHAIR called Mr. S. to order for be-
ing personal.
Mr. SAWYER said he did not desire to violate
any rule. But, suppose, Mr. Chairman, a person
in this House or out of it, had been guilty of try-
ing to bribe a person to enter a Masonic or Odd
Fellows' Lod2;e of New York, for the purpose of
being initiated into the mysteries of the order, and
then to reveal their secrets to him, that he might
reveal them to the world by a publication? Sir,
could you—could I condescend to debate a question
on this floor with any such character? Mr. fe.
then moved that the committee rise.
Mr. CULVER then lose and said: I desire but
a moment to dispose of the gentleman s attack;
and first, as to the allegation that I intended by
the "pumpkin vine in an Ohio cornfield, to allude
to any of his colleagues, is far from the fact. I
intended no such allusion; but I referred to the
seven-by-nine Democratic press of that State, in
connexion with the highest-keyed bugle at Wash-
ington. Such, sir, was my allusion, tmd such only.
Then, Mr. Chairman, as to the gentleman's "sup-
posed" case of "bribery," I will say, if he alludes
to me in that insinuation, his insinuation is false
from beginning to end. I deny it broadly and
flatly in every shape. I know nothing to what
the member alludes—nothing of the kind ever
occurred to my knowledge. IP, by his "supposed
case," he alludes to some other member, I have
nothing to say; but I repeat, if his allusion was to
me, I pronounce it not only false, but cowardly
false; as being an insinuation rather than an open
manly charge. Such a thing never entered my
head. I would not "bribe" any man were I able
to do so, nor could I be hired to do such a deed,
either for love, money, or sausages.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
progress.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 21, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition of citizens of
Eastport, Maine, praying that the war with Mex-
ico may be brought to a speedy close; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. EVANS also presented a petition of the re-
ligious anti-slavery cotnention of Maine, praying
that hostilities with Mexico may immediately
cease; winch was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. CORW1N presented a preamble and reso-
lution passed by the Legislature of Ohio, accom-
panied by a remonstrance signed by membeis of
the said Legislature; and a petition of citizens of
Ohio, against the division of that State into two
judicial districts; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX presented two petitions of citizens of
the city of New York, praying the reestabhsh-
ment of the branch post office in Chatham Square,
in that city; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented e. memorial of tesi-
dents in the District of Columbia, praying the legis-
lation of Congress to prevent the employment of
convict labor in the construction of the buildings
of the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. C., on presenting this petition, said that the
memorialists were under an impression that the
Board of Regents intended to use in the erection
of these buildings marble from Sing Sing, pre-
pared by the convicts in that State prison. It was
perfectly natural, therefore, that they should take
the alarm. But he was glad to find, on inquiry of
the Board of Regents, that no such design was
contemplated.
The memorial was then referred to the Board of
Regents.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial ofL. Mar-
chand, praying indemnity Cor French spoliations
prior to 1800; which was referred to the select
committee on that subject.
Mr. ARCHER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Lewis county, Virginia, praying an in-
crease of the pay of the non-commissioned officers
and soldiers of the army and a grant of bounty
land to such as shall serve to the end of the war
with Mexico; which was leferred to tlie Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Twenty-five petitions of citizens and female in-
habitants of Pennsylvania, praying the abolition
of slaver-y in the United States, and one from citi-
zens of Ohio, praying the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, were presented by
Messrs. EVANS, HUNTINGTON, DIX, CIL-
LEY, UPHAM, COR WIN, CAMERON, DAY-
TON, MILLER, WOODBRIDGE, and HAN-
NEGAN; and the several motions to receive said
petitions were laid upon tiie table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SF.VIER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and justice
of paying to Samuel H. Hempstead, of Arkansas,
one hundred and fifty dollais, the amount claimed
by him for services rendered to the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following lesolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous eon-
sent; and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from Little
Rock, Arkansas, to Richwood, Izard county, via
Alexander Murphy's, Theodore Goodlow's, and
Kinderhook post office.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
The following bills were received from the
House of Representatives, with a message, by its
Clerk:
A bill to amend and continue in force the act to
incorporate the inhabitants of the city of Wash-
ington; which was read twice and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
A bdl authorizing the city of Dubuque, in Iowa,
to preempt certain islands in the river Mississippi,
near the said city of Dubuque; which was read
tvvico and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
&c., for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1848;
which was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A bill for the relief of James Jones, of the city
of Brooklyn, Long Island.
A joint resolution for the relief of John and
Charles Bruce.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of the late
Robert Duvall.
The following bills having been engrossed, were
read a third time and passed, viz:
An act for the relief of William B. Keene;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Crocker Sampson, deceased;
1 An act for the relief of Richard S. Coxe; and
An act for the relief of Julius Eldred, Elisha
Eldred, and Francis E. Eldred, for expenses and
services in removing the copper lock frum Lake
Superior.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OREGON.
The bill to create the office of Surveyor General
of the public lands in the territory of Oregon, and
to grant donation rights to settlers therein, having
been engrossed, the question upon its passage was,
on motion by Mr. WESTCOTT postponed until
to-morrow.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
The following resolution, submitted on Monday
last by Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, came up for
consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to the Senate:
First, whether any funds of the Government,
and if any, whatamonnt, have been remitted from
the Atlantic States to New Orleans, or to the dis-
bursing officers of the American army in Mexico,
since the 1st September last, and, if remitted, in
what funds remitted—whether in gold and silver
coin, treasury notes, bank notes, or bank checks;
and if in whole or m part remitted in gold and sil-
ver, what has been the expense to the Government
of each of such remittances.
Second, that he also report to the Senate wheth-
er, in his opinion, the act of 1846, entitied "An
act to provide for the better regulation of the treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public money," is not cal-
culated to prevent or embarrass the Government
m negotiating such a loan as will be required to
carry on the existing war with Mexico; and
whether it would not be to the interest of the Uni-
ted States to repeal such Jaw, or to suspend its
operation until the fmther order of Congress.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he was very glad
that the honorable Senator from Maryland had
called the attention of the Senate to the subject-
matter of this resolution, for by this means they
would probably have an opportunity to know
whether the facts in relation to this matter were
not such as would furnish a very beautiful com-
mentary on the practical operation of this miserable
sub-treasury scheme. It became important that
this information should be obtained, for it seemed,
from the report made to Congress on the subject,
that this war, so far as pecuniary means were con-
cerned, was to be carried on through the instru-
