222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
preachers in his part of the country would feel very
awkward—particularly the preachers of the Meth-
odist Church—the circuit riders—to be accompa-
nied with servants. They could not make them
more unhappy than to furnish them with servants.
They would ever find kind men to,aid and relieve
them without the appendage of a servant. Let
them go naked and unarmed. But if rank and
btadon were associated with the office, as was the .
case in relation to the chaplains of the navy, they ji
would make it an object of pursuit, which, in his j|
opinion, would tend to its degradation. He was t|
satisfied that $500 a year, with two rations, and j1
forage for a horse, would be perfectly satisfactory, ij
Mr. BERRIEN deemed it of primary import- j!
ance that the highest legislative body in this great J
Christian nation should give, by the law passed !.
on this occasion, their sanction to the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana. They should
sanction the principle of it. What was that prin- J,
ciple? The Constitution forbade them from inter-
fenng with matters of religion. But had they, j!
therefore, the right to send the soldiers beyond the jj
pale of religion? That was the question presented jj
to-day; and it became the solemn duty of Con- ,j
gress to provide for those soldiers. He had looked ji
at the duties of the chaplain in a different light !i
from other gentlemen. They had argued as though
his chief prerogative was to preach. He believed |!
that the most important duty of the chaplain would \;
be^to minister the consolation of religion to the sol- ij
dier in his last moments. For the purpose of en-
abling them to do this, they must place them in !l
such circumstances that their personal wants would jj
not harabs them. But why should they distill-k
guish, in regard to compensation, between chap- '|
lains of the army and chaplains of the navy? It ,!
was not just. He hoped,therefore, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arkansas would not
be adopted, but that the suggestion of his friend on l
his ri^ht would pass in its stead. i'
Mi\ SEVIER said they had been told with i,
much solemnity that they should count the cost. ;j
Well, he had been struck with some astonishment -.j
at some remarks which had fallen from the Sena- j,
tois from Indiana and Georgia, in regard to this j;
subject. They speak as though our volunteers ;j
have no other means of obtaining religious con- ,|
solation, except from these chaplains. Now, he i:
could speak of those who had gone from his own ;
State, and he could assure Senators that there were ;
os many Christians in that corps, in proportion to '
their numbers, as there were in the Senate, and
they belonged to as many religions as did the mem- j
bers of the Senate. They had preachers there.
He knew that one of the officers from his State
was a preacher; and he would tell the Senator
from Georgia still further—for he had been a back- ;
woodsman for some time—that at this very hour, :
the Methodist preachers were preaching from the
mouth of the Rio Grande to the most distant sta- :
tion we have got. If at this moment he could see ,
a man from the Rio Grande, he would ask him
the question, and he ventured to say, that the
answer would confirm what he had said. The
Methodist preachers go on with the army; they go
to the stations, and preach every Sabbath. His
own State adjoined the State of Texas, and he
knew that, for many years back, they had had
stations beyond the Nueces. Nay, wherever he ;
had been—whether among the Indian tribes, or
elsewhere—he had never yet found the country
where he could not find Methodist preacheis
preaching the gospel of salvation. It was their
habit, and they do not want large sums of money
for doing; it either. It is not the treasures of this
world that they seek.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Berrtex]
desired to create offices that would be desirable,
and that won Id be worthy to be sought after by
the ambitious; and such scenes would be seen as
were often seen in this Chamber—electioneering
for chaplaincies. Not only electioneering for the
office of Chaplain to the Senate, but in the navy
also. Now, he desired to see men appointed
whose motive was founded in religion—men who
are not hypocrites in the matter—men who are in-
fluenced by proper religious feeling-; and to such
men he would give a fair compensation for their
services. But if there were none, we had officers
amongst the volunteers who could read the Bible,
and pray, and perform those services which were
required to be done to the dying and the dead. The
men, then, were not destitute of religious instruc-
tion, There were in the army Christian men, as
many, in proportion to their numbers, as were
found in the Senate; and yet they must get up "a
scene" here, as if the poor soldiers were as igno-
rant as the brutes, and as though it was as neces-
sary to send out chaplains to them as it was to
send missionaries amongst the heathen, to en-
lighten them on the coast of Africa, in the Indian
country, in China, and elsewhere. He thought
this whole matter was improper; but lie would
vote for $500 a year, with a ration, provided the
appointments were limited to brigades, and not ex- jj terly
Mr. HUNTINGTON renewed the inquiry of
Mr. Webster, if it was not competent to move to
strike out $500 and insert $1000.
The PRESIDENT replied that it was not.
Mr. HUNTINGTON felt a disposition to ap-
peal from that decision, for the motion was in the
nature of one to fill a blank, when the vote would
be taken on the highest first.
Mr. SEVIER consented to amend his amend-
ment so as to give two rations, and to make the
compensation payable monthly instead of quar-
tended to regiments.
Mr. HAjNNEGAN disclaimed any intention to
get up "a scene," nor had he seen any "scene"
there, unless it was got up by the Senator himself.
It might, as the Senator from Arkansas said, be
very true that theie weie religious men in the
army on the field. But that circumstance did not
alter the case. But instruction by them did not
come to the men with that authority and those
sanctions which were requisite to be given to them.
So far from offering insult to the volunteers, he
must wash his hands from such a charge, ex-
cept so far as they were amenable to it. He held
that it would be no insult to send them chaplains.
But there were some among them guilty of such
enormous crimes as to render themselves obnox-
ious to the charge. Day after day the most gross
crimes were peipetrated, and then the perpetrators
The question was then taken on Mr. Sevier's
amendment, and it was negatived. Yeas 21, nays
22.
Mr. WEBSTER then renewed the amendment
substituting $1000 for $500.
Mr. WESTCOTT observed that as he intended
to vote against this provision, he desired to state
his reasons very briefly. In the first place, the
designation of chaplains by appointment to each
regiment, as he had stated on yesterday, was ob-
jectionable to him. He-believed, composed as the
regiments were of different sects and persuasions,
this course would excite great dissatisfaction
among the troops. But with him there was
another reason—one of a general character, which,
upon reflection, had constrained him to decide to
vote against the whole project. It was this: every-
body knew, every paper from Mexico told us, that
were shipped to New Orleans to be tried—virtually ; the military and political chiefs in that country
" 1 ~c <,/x" ! and the clergy too,* were exciting the ignorant
redeeming them from the hands of justice; for
what authority was there in New Orleans to try
them? The ministers he desired to send would
render service above all price; and he submitted to
Senators if $500 was adequate. Those preachers
who were at home had their families to do little
acts for them, and hence they did not require ser-
vants; but m the field they could not have then-
families with them. Their emolument, theiefoie,
must be such as would enable them to get the ,
requisite help in the field, and sustain their families ;
that they must leave at home. If the Senator ;
would say $1000, with t.he perquisites attached, ht j
(Mr. H.) would consent to it; but he never would J
consent to send preachers to the army on terms j
which would ensi^e^ievitable starvation to their
families.
Mr. H. JOHNSON was in favor of allowing j
the chaplains a reasonable compensation—at least
as much as those who have been appointed, and
remain at home; for these chaplains would not
only be far from .home; but in the enemy's coun-
try, and exposed to all the hardships of a cam-
paign, in a sickly climate. They had had accounts,
trom both soldiers and officers of the army, show-
ins: the important service rendered by the two .-r ,,, , , ^
a , J, . J c i, of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller. Mon-liead, Phelps, Simmons
chaplains who were sent out to the army from j, Stunreon, Upham, Webster, and Woodbridge—29.
this city. He had seen several letters, m which - NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Benton, Breese,
those two clergymen were extolled, not only for | Butlei,CiJley, Colquitt, Dix,Evan-, Houston, Niles, Seviei,
Mexican population by the cry that this war was
one of religious propagandist!—that the United
1 States were, as a Protestant people, warring against
. the Catholic Church of Mexico, and intended to
overturn the altars of their churches. Baseless as
this charge is, it serves to delude the ignorant
Mexicans. Sir, we all desire peace with our sis-
ter republic, when she will come to her senses and
do us justice. I believe the passage of this pro-
vision will retard the consummation of peace. It
will be made use of in Mexico by the military
chiefs and priests of Mcxico to alarm and excite
the Mexican people. They will use it as proof
that this war is a crusade of Protestantism against
their Church, for which they will fight to the
death. I ask that Senators reflect before they do
an act which may materially retard the conclusion
of an honorable peace.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered,
and the amendment was agreed to: Yeas 29, nays
17.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Badger, Bagby, Ber-
rien, Cameron, Cas?, Chalmers, Thomas Clajton, John M.
Clajton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Greene, Han-
negan, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson
1 their services in the administration of the consola-
tions of lehgion, but as nurses of the sick, to
whose wants and comforts they had paid especial
attention. He considered it highly important that
these chaplains should be appointed, but $500
was a very inadequate compensation for them. It
would bately pay their expenses, while many of
them would leave their wives and families at home,
for whom some provision would be requisite. He
thought they should be paid at least as much as
those who were now in the service, which he un-
1 deistood was $1100.
Mr. WEBSTER said he wised to make a mo-
' tion precisely in the words of the honorable gen-
tleman from Arkansas, with the change of figures
1 from §500 to $1000. He desired to iili the blank
i with the large sum. He did not wish to take up
the time of* the Senate, in talking about it, for he
Speight, Turney, Westcott, and Yuloe—17
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana as amended.
Mr. SEVIER moved further to amend, so as to
provide that the volunteers should elect their own
chaplains.
Mr. HANNEGAN thought for the soldiers in
the army to elect their own'chaplains was prepos-
terous.
Several voices: " How is it to be done?"
Mr. SEVIER replied that if there was anything
ridiculous about it, they must go further back than
the election of the chaplain to make it so.
Mr. HANNEGAN disclaimed having said it
would be ridiculous.
Mr. CAMERON was in favor of the volunteers
electing their own chaplain, but not the regulars;
but he thought there was danger of an estabheh-
desired to see this bill make some progress. But ! ment of the principle by which every officer would
1 he desiied that this office should be provided for. be elective. He thought the provision required
He wished for no unreasonable compensation, nor ;! some revision, to guard against a misconstruction,
any inadequate compensation. From what he had , This was a bill to raise certain regiments of regu-
heard fiom different parts of the Senate to-day. ! lars; and he desired the question to be disposed of
his idea was, that if he could move to insert $1000, : on its own merits. It had occupied the Senate a
it would meet with the acquiescence of the Senate
or of a majority of the Senate at least, and then
they could make progress with the bill. He in-
quired if it was m order to move to strike out
i $500, and insert $1000, in the amendment of the
, Senator from Arkansas.
1 long time, and he supposed some part of the delay
, would beattributable to him. [A voice: " Undoubt-
( edly." | He hoped the Senate would dispose of the
: bill as soon as possible.
Mr. SEVIER had no chaplains to serve by this
i amendment, but he deemed it right that the vol-
Mr. SEVIER replied, that the gentleman could ijunteers should choose their own chaplains. If
attain his object by moving his amendment, if the ij there were Baptist regrments let them have a Bap-
Senate should vote down that which he had sub- tist preacher. He would not now enlarge on the
nutted. ii subject further than to say that on the subject of
