224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
however, that the people of Washington had not
been consulted? Not at all. The cititizens had
been consulted. A great number of them had
conveyed to Congress their views and wishes on
the subject, and these views and wishes had been
duly considered. Yet he (Mr. P.) did not believe,
that on a subject like this, involving simply the
great principle of democratic freedom—the cardi-
nal principle of the right of the governed to choose
those who were to exercise authority over them,
and make the laws—there was any necessity of
consulting anybody. His own views of that prin-
' eiple—his own views of true republicanism, told
him that the principle was right, and in endeavor-
ing- to establish that principle, he did not feel called
on to consult any individuals, whether they de-
sired its application or not. In addition to what
he had now said, he would only further remark,
that if the bill had received the final action of Con-
gress—if the vote had been taken on it in another
branch of the legislature—in other words, if it had
become a law yesterday, he would not have asked
leave to say one word in refutation of the gratu-
itous charges of the junior editor of the paper in
question. But that article was intended to defeat
the measure in the Senate, and he (Mr. P.) was
not willing that the Senate should be led into error
by the interested representations of the junior ed-
itor of the National Intelligencer. He desired
that that body should know the facts of the case.
Last year the bill had been repoi ted by the com-
mittee, and passed the House of Representatives,
but through some cause or other it was lost in the
Senate. It was under these circumstances that he
h.ul sought that opportunity of explaining the state
of the case, in order that the Senate might not be
misled or deceived, either with regard to the ob-
jects of the bill or its accordance with the wishes
of the people of Washington repeatedly and earn-
estly expressed to Congress. He trusted, in con-
clusion, that no clamor of individuals interested in
preserving the present "close borough" system
would he permitted to jeopard, at the other end
of the Capitol, a measure so entirely in unison
with the republican institutions of the land, and
so essentially requisite in order to give to the free-
men of this city the right of participating in the
making of the laws by which they were to be gov-
erned.
Mr. ASHMUN,o? Massachusetts, said that the
gentleman from Alabama had said that the bill had
been distinctly read before it was passed; that was
certainly true: but when had it been read? After
the reading of the bill had been called for by Mr.
A. He had nothing to do with the dispute between
the gentleman from AUbamaand the editors, senior
or junior, of the National Intelligencer, nor with
the abuse, (he wished to observe "decorum of lan-
guage here,) nor with the remarks of the gentleman
from Alabama on those editors; their character was
too well known to suffer by such attacks from any
quarter.
As to the introduction of the bill, it had been
introduced by an individual member, not by one
of the committees of the House; and the bill was
on its passage before it was read at all; and the pre-
vious question had been called for and ordered be-
fore it was read; and, as the gentleman well knew,
it was then too late to discuss it, or to say a word
about it. Yet tins gentleman and his friends here
passed the bill through the House, and sent it to
the Senate without one moment being allowed to
discuss its merits. Moreover, the gentleman him- ,
self had made a speech for it this morning, while !
all the rest of the House had been gagged, and not
suffered to speak either for or against it. Was it
not true that the previous question had been called,
and not a woid couid be said on the merits of the
bill5 Would the gentleman deny tJiis^
Mr. A. had voted against the bill. He prized
freedom, he believed, at least as much as did the
gentleman fiom Alabama, and it was precisely be-
cause he did so, that he went against the bill.. It
sounded strangely in his ear to hear a gentleman
talking about freedom and the right of freemen ro
make their own laws, when he had brought here a
bill which excluded a large number of freemen of
the city of Washington from voting for their rulers.
[A voice: "Negroes, I suppose; negro slaves.'']
No; he alluded to freemen. When a gentleman
talked so loudly about freedom and the rights of
freemen, yet limited both to a particular shade in
the color of the skin, [laughter,] he greatly abused
(lie name of freedom.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House now resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, and take up
the loan bill.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr, Speaker, I wish to make
a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina has just made a motion that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask whether a question of
privilege does not override all others ?
The SPEAKER. If strictly a question of priv-
ilege.
[A voice: What is it Sawyer?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
question.
Mr. SAWYER. I am not well versed in par-
liamentary law, but I suppose it to be such as I
have stated. If not, certainly I am justified in
making a personal vindication. It wiil be recol-
lected, Mr. Speaker, that yesterday evening there
was some personal altercation took place in this
Hall between myself and a brother member.
There is a question of veracity now in existence
between us. I read in the Intelligencer of this
morning:
" la the course or his remarks, he [Mr. Culver] made
allu-Mon to ceitnm votes of Mr. Sawyer, of Ohio, on the
harbor bill, first m its favor, and then, after the presidential
veto, :\gam>t it.
"Mr. Sawyer explained, but said he could not conde-
scend fuuher to notice the speech of one who had been
guilty of offering a bribe.
u The On uti called to order, and there was much sensa-
tion in the House.
" Mi. Sawyer, by putting a supposititious case, then ex-
plained his roft>ieni-e to bo to a bribe olfered by Mr. Ct ir-
vkr to an individual on conditio:) of ins going into a Ma-
sonic or Odd Fellows'' Lodge, and learning the seciets theie,
and then eominuiiu'.auig tnem to Mr. C., that he might in-
pert them m a book, with a view to make money by the
publication."
As to the latter part of the sentence, I do not
know whether I used the language imputed to me
or not. The first part I did, and may have the
other. The report goes on:
"Mr. Culver explicitly denied the charge, if made in
reference to him, as false fiom beginning to end. Nothing
could have induced him to be guilty of such a course of con-
duct, sausages or anything else.55
Now, Mr. Speaker, (continued the honorable
gentleman, after the laughter which followed the
reading of this extract had at length subsided,) it
is to the former part of this sentence I have read I
| wish to call the attention of the House. My per-
sonal reputation stands pitted against the gentle-
man's. [A laugh.] I did not make the charge
without knowing what I was about. He denies
it explicitly; he says 'it is false. Now, I pledge
myself at the earliest possible day to prove cvqiy- j
thing I charged against that gentleman; and either ;
he or I will stand branded before this House and I
the country as detractors, to say the least of it. I
this Government, that a reporter was expelled from
this House—and it was done for the attack he
made upon me; and as it has been all wiped out, I
am disposed to forget it. [Laughter.] We passed
a law admitting that reporter again, and I voted
for the admission. But now a member of this
House rises in his place here and reiterates that
piece of little, dirty, low, blackguard slander.
[Laughter, and cries of " order."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair'cannot permit the
use of such terms.
Mr. SAWYER. I appeal to the sympathies of
the House. [Much laughter.] I appeal to you,
Mr. Speaker, if under such circumstances, you
would not feel a little sensitive. [Roars of laugh-
ter.] I will not permit—I repeat it—1 will not
permit any man holding a seat on this floor to act
m that way. I pledge myself in self-defence to
justify what I said yesterday; and if the opportu-
nity had offered, I would have mad® that charge
long ago. I pledge myself to prove all I have
charged upon that gentleman yesterday, and that
at the earliest opportunity. [Laughter.]
Mr. CULVER rose to reply.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I offer a resolution relative
to these explanations.
Mr. CULVER. I desire to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York rises to make a personal explanation.
Mr. CULVER. I will not trespass on the time
of the House by retorting at any considerable
length to what my honorable friend 
Mr. SAWYER. Oh ! don't call me your hon-
orable* friend ! [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. M. BROWN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor.
Mr. CULVER yielding,
Mr. BROWN proceeded and said: As a quiet
: member of the House, I object.
The SPEAKER. The personal explanation is
, objected to.
; 'Mr. CULVER. I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
! gentleman from New York as yielding the floor,
■ He ceased to address the House.
■ Mr. CULVER. I did not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the
gentleman to object, though the floor was not
yielded.
Mr. CULVER. The rule has been uniform
after acquiescence not to be interrupted 
The SPEAKER, Any gentleman can rise and
object.
'Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the gen-
tleman now have leave to proceed.
Mr. BROWN. I withd raw my objection,
Mr. CULVER at length obtained the floor,
and observed that the honorable gentleman from
knew, sir, what I was about when I made the Ohio said there was a question of veracity pend-
charge, and I felt authorized to do it for several || ing between them. Mr. C. was quite willing
reasons. No man shall be guilty of so heinous a there should be; for he stood himself upon a rock)
crime as that and sit on this floor by my side ;j and bade defiance to all investigation. He did
without my exposure of it to the world. [ do it !j not know what part of his remarks respecting
for^the purpose of letting^both the Masons and ij the gentleman were not true. He had said noth-
Odd Fellows throughout the wide extent of this !
country, and out of this country, know that there i
is a man on this floor, who has obtained a seat here, '
and yet been guilty of the chaige which I have !
made. But in the latter part of the gentleman's j
rejoinder, there is a little piece of abuse thrown |
out on me that I say is unworthy of any gentleman i
on this floor. What have you against me as a i
man ? What do you know of me as to my private i
character? What is amiss? I have lived* forty- j!
two years, and my whole aim has been to preserve j
a character unblemished—untarnished; and I have !|
been in political life ever since I was old enough to 1
hold a seat on the floor of the Legislature of my j.
own State; and I have held other responsible situ- i<
ations. I say to you, and not in the way of boast- !j
ing,'that the tongue of slander and calumny hasji
never yet ventured to bring a charge against my j:
private and personal conduct, nor against my pub- j'
lie character as a man. Let my enemies, if there L w uut lllcu JUU„Cl0)
be any here,£0 to where I was born, and rake up never would comply with their wishes" He had
tne^ old musty records 3^d produce them here ■ been opposed to all secret societies from his youth
against me if they can. Vvhat right, then, has ji op. Yet lus people, among whom were very
honorable gentlemen for we must suppose that i i many members of such associations, had sent him
all are honorable gentlemen here—to detract from !! here by 2,400 majority. The Lord knew Mr. C.
my character or my standing heie? They catch j; had never had a'thought of wishing any of them
up a little thing published by a reporter, and a i; to break the oaths they had taken. Some of them
thing winch this House passed upon—and it was ji might have joked with him on the subject: but
the first instance of the kind since the formation of 1] if any evil-minded person had gone to the ear of
in regard to him for which he had not black
and white to show. He had not attempted to
assail the gentleman's private life; nor could he
imagine why he was so exceedingly sensitive, if
it was not because he was held up before the peo-
ple of Ohio for his inconsistency. As to the allu-
sion in Mr. C.'s remarks to a species of provis-
ions, [a laugh,] he should not have made it had
not the gentleman first made what he conceived a
wanton attack upon himself.
In relation to the charge which the gentleman
had brought against him in regard to bribery, it
was utterly and wantonly false. He challenged
the proof. If it had grown, as possibly it might,
out of jocular remarks which had often passed
between himself and his masonic friends: the gen-
tleman was at liberty to make all ho could of it.
Mr. C. had warm personal friends both among
the Freemasons and the Odd Fellows They had
frequently asked him to join their lodges, but he
