THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
the gentleman from Ohio, like the devil to the car
of Eve, and abused him by any such tale, the
gentleman was welcome to produce all the proof
he could of its truth.
The charge he again pronounced to be wantonly
fake—made out of the whole cloth—false, utterly
false, from beginning to end.
As to the last remark he had made, and of which
the gentleman had spoken with so much severity,
Mr. C. should have been the last man to make
any such allusion, had he not supposed it justified
by the unfounded charge brought against him.
Mr. C. said he was a quiet man, and very hard to
be got into a fight; but, if the gentleman persisted
in his determination to make a fight of it, he must,
according to rule, allow Mr. C. the choice of weap-
ons; and in that case, he should arm himself with
a series of links. [Immense laughter.]
TREASURY NOTES, A LOAN, ETC.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to authorize
tlve issue of treasury notes, a loan, and for other
purposes.
The hill was read through; and the first section
having been read for amendment—
Mr. CROZIER, of Tennessee, addressed the
committee, and moved, as an introduction to his
speech, (to bring it strictly within the rules of or-
der,) to strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. C. said, he understood it was not in order
to debate a bill in committee on its general merits,
unless under a motion to amend; he would, theie-
fore, for the purpose of making what he intended
to say quite in order, move to amend the bill, by
striking out the first section.
This bill, and others of a like character which
are to follow it, provide extraordinary appropria-
tions of the public money. I propose to examine
what reason there exists for the extraordinary
occurrences which render these extraordinary ap-
propriations necessary; after which, 1 shall ex-
amine some other fact sand circumstances equally
extraordinary*
I will, in the first place, go back to the incep-
tion of the whole matter connected with the com-
mencement of this war. But as this ground has
been ably occupied by others who have preceded
me, I shall not hold myself bound to lay down
premises, and follow them out by intermediate
reasoning to their legitimate conclusions. Yet I
shall mention certain important facts, and draw
inferences from them as concisely as I can to be
distinctly understood.
Let us go back, first, to the resolution for the
annexation of Texas. How docs it icad?
Resolved bif the Senate and House of Representatives of
the UniteS States of Jim erica in Congress assembled, That
Congress doth consent that the territory pi operly included
Within, and rightfully belonging to the Republic of Texas,
may be crected into a new State, to be called the State of
Texas, with a lepubhcan form of <iovernmcnt, to be adopted
by the people of said Republic, by deputies in convention
assembled, with the eons-ent of the existing Government, in
order that the same may be admitted as one of the States of
this Union.
Notice the cautious language in which the reso-
lution is framed. It says "properly included with-
in." And aa;ain, it speaks of territory " rightfully
belonging" to Texas. jNow, if there was no doubt
whatever as to the right of Texas to all she claimed,
■why were words like these put into the resolu-
tion? I say, then, that in the very inception of j
this whole affair, Congress virtually declared the j
boundary of Texas on the south to be doubtful j
and undetermined. i
Then let us go to the first clause of the second j
section of the resolution: \
Spc 8. Jhnl he. it further enacted^ That t!ie fbitqoii!? eon- !
sent of Congress is given upon the following condition-;, and
Willi the following guauintee*-', to wit: Fir*', State tj he j
formed, siibjcct to the ,ulju'.tmcnt ly this Govern ment oj all j
questions of boundary that may arise with other G-overmneids. 1
Mark the language ! " Upon the following con- j
ditions, and with the following guarantees." And
again: " all questions of boundary which may arise i
with other Governments." It is to the Presi- 1
15
SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1847.
dent's misconstruction of, and ill-judged action
under, this short first clause of this second section
which has brought about the necessity for these
large appropriations of money, and all this war-
like preparation which we hear from one end of the
TJnion to the other. This first little clause of the
second section contains just forty-three words.
Now, it has been said, that the English statute of
frauds and perjuries cost the people of Great
Britain one thousand pounds sterling per word.
Estimating this short clause by the same rule, it
has already cost the people of this country two
millions of dollars and one hundred lives for every
word; and none can foresee what the total amount
is yet to be.
Congress, then, at the beginning declared the
boundary of Texas to be doubtful; and some of
the ablest men, both in the House and in the Sen-
ate, of both political parties, repeatedly said the
same thing previous to the annexation of Texas.
I understand also that the President's predecessor,
Mr. Tyler, by selecting these two first sections of
the resolution which I have read for the annexation
of Texas, instead of the third one, as the basis of a
negotiation between her and the United States, de-
clared the boundary to be doubtful. And if so,
then I hold that it was the solemn and bounden
duty of Mr. Polk, in conformity with the declara-
tion of Congress, and that of his predecessor also,
to send a minister to Mexico to treat on the ques-
tion of boundary. I disagree with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] in the. po-
sition assumed by him, that Mexico was guilty of a
positive wrong in rejecting our minister, if he came
to treat on both llie questions of boundary and
claims. I regret that she did ) efuse to receive him,
but 1 disagree with that gentleman that it amount-
ed to a positive wrong on her part. The President
committed a greater wrong in insisting on joining
the two questions of claims and boundary. What
was obviously the object of the President in all this?
What had he in view by joining together these two
questions (entirely distinct from each other) of
debt and boundary ? It was not intended thereby
to secure the debt—not at all; for he asked Con-
gress for two millions to enable him to treat for
peace. Doubtless it was with a view to the acqui-
sition of territory; for I have no hesitation in say-
ing that the claims would have been bartered for
territory; and territory, too, of the same kind with
that out of which he selected his minister. Pie
took him from Louisiana; and as he wanted terri-
tory of the same description, he selected him, pro-
bably, with that express view. 1 recommend this
reflection to the President's northern allies, for-
merly with southern principles, but now fiercely
advocating the Wilmot pioviso. Yes, sir, the
President, believing that his advocacy of the an-
nexation of Texas had elevated him to the Presi-
dency, thought it was necessary to secure his re-
election, or render his Administration noted, that
he should acquire other dominions, and therefore
his covetous desire for territory became an ungov-
ernable passion. White, however, his passion
was increasing, that of his noithern allies with
southern principles was cooling. The people spoke
to them last year, and what is now a great deside-
ratum with him lias become utterly disgusting to
them. " The cohesive power of public plunder'*
will probably, on other subjects, keep them to-
gether a while longer.
But what act brought on the war ? In all effects
we may distinguish two sorts of causes; one is the
remote", the other, the proximate cause. In this
case, the remote cause of the war was, doubtless, j
the annexation of Texas. But there then stepped I
in a proximate between the remote cause and the j
ultimate effect. That proximate cause was, the j
ordering of the American army to march into the j
dibjm.Ud ten-itory. Congress bad said it was dis- j
outed by the annexation resolution. So had the ;
President's predecessor, by sending that resolution
to Texas when an independent republic. V\ ill i
anv gentleman here rise in his place, and contra-
dict it to-day ? .
[A voice. It was not even disputed—it was j
part of Mexico.'']
New Series No. 15.
{ do not care. I will put it on that ground. I
will .put it on the ground that is strongest for
them, and weakest for our side of the question.
And I put it to the most slavish friend and fol-
lower of the President on this floor, to say,
whether the occupation—the forcible occupation of
disputed territory, by one of the parties disputing;
it, was not the proximate cause of this war?
No man will so far stultify himself before the
country, as to deny it. The President marched our
troops into the heart of a disputed territory. I care
not how many Mexican people were there: whether
there were sixty thousand, as it is said, or but«.
hundred and fifty. He went into it first with an
armed force; and then Mexico sent her army to
drive him out of it. And it was thus the war be-
Now, no one will deny the principle, which
is so very clear, that the marching an armed force
into disputed territory, inhabited by citizens of an-
other Power, is war itself. I am sorry, sir, that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. C. J. In-
oersoll,] should have represented Mexico as or-
dering our troops to retire beyond the Sabine. He
said, in reference to the requisition by Arista, that
General Taylor should retire with his army-—" be-
hind the Nueces?" " Not at all—hewas ordered to
retire behind the Sabine." I read the despatch dif-
ferently. To me, it reads: " retire with your army
behind the Nueces." This is an important fact,
in which the gentleman makes an important error;
for this very request of Arista shows that the thing
in dispute between the two nations is the territory
between the Nueces and Rio Grande. It is true,
that Mexico made some threats about reconquering
Texas at the time of the adoption of the annexation
resolutions; but she never intended to put them
into execution. She had probably abandoned them
altogether; and this request of the Mexican general
to General Taylor, to retire behind the Nueces,
shows this conclusively. No man can honestly
doubt, that the marching of our army from Corpus
Christ! to the banks of the Rio Grande, was the
proximate cause of the war.
But this must not be argued; the truth must not
be asserted. Because ceitain members of this
House have chosen, in discharge of their duty, to
go into an examination of the causes of the war,
and to speak freely on that subject, they are charged
by the President, in his message, with giving "aid
and comfort to the enemy/'and on this floor of
being advocates of Mexico. The President has
been usually spoken of as a remarkably cautious
man—even to timidity; but it seems to mo that he
has shown himself upon this subject a remarkably
bold and rash one; for he has presented here, and
now to the country, the same issues that were
made in the days of the Revolution, viz: the two
great issues of freedom of speech, and of taxation
without representation. We aic told by him in
his message, and by his echoes and followers on
this floor, that on the subject of the war our lips
must be sealed. Well, here then wc have the
issue of freedom of speech; and, in the next place,
if the war has been brought on, as I think I have
demonstrated it has been, by the act of the Presi-
dent, is it not his aU which has caused the neces-
sity of laying taxes ; And has not the President,
by so doing,"taxed the people without their con-
sent5 Here, then, we have the second issue.- I
say, then, he has made, and presented again, in
this early age of the Republic, the very same issues
for which our fathers shed their blood in the Revo-
lution. And where do we find the Whigs of this
day? Just where the Whigs were found in the
days of the Revolution—doing battle for freedom
of thought., and against the flagrant abuse of pow-
er; while you find gentlemen on the other side,
on the side of the highest Executive prerogative,
and advancing for him claims of power such as the
boldest and most servile courtier in the days of
Charles the First, were he now a citizen of this
republic, would blush to advocate or defend.
But now I turn to another pait of the subject:
and that is, as to the manner in which this war has
been conducted by the President and his party.
And here I shall attempt to show, that instead
