230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 21,
Mr. POLLOCK moved to add the following sec-
tion to the, bill:
« Jbut he it further enacted, That the act of the 30thof
Julv, 1846, entitled ' An act to reduce the duties on "uport-.,
anti for other purposes,' be and the same i ■ hereby repf aleil ,
and the tariff act of August 30,1842, he and the same is here-
hy revived."
The CHAIRMAN ruled this amendment out ot u
order.
Mr. E. H. EWING moved to add the-follow- ||
ing section to the bill: !
« Jlnd be it further enacted, That no pirt of the fimiU to be |
raised under this hill shall be so applied m the pendin? war I
with Mexico, a-! that, in the peace to he hereafter inadt - |
tween the Government of the Tlnitsd btates of America ,
and the Government of Mexico, any territory south and mst
of the Rio Bravo del Norte shall bo demanded or ncecp,, <1 by j
the Government of the United fetate  of Aniciic.i from the i
Government of Mexico." :
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out j
of order. . . . j
Mr. EWING appealed from tne decision ot the j
^The question was then stated, Does the decision j
stand as the judgment of the committee r j
It was decided in the affirmative, by telleis, who
reported—ayes 101, noes 20. _
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment decided out of order.
The committee then rose, and the chairman le-
ported the bill to the House as amended.
The question was now on concurring with the
committee in their amendments to the bill.
Mr. GEO. S. HOUSTON moved the previous
question. «
A motion was made that the House do now ad-
journ, and rejected.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put, viz:
Will the House concur with the committee m then-
amendments to this bill: and it was decided in the
affirmative, and the amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The bill being engrossed, was accordingly read
a third time.
The question then recurred oil us passage. : j
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved the previous ,j
question, which was seconded. i,
And the mam question was ordered to be now ij
put, viz: Shall the bill pass5 j
The vote on the passs^e oi the bill was decided < ;
in the affirmative—yeas ltiG, nays as follows: |
VE1S—Stephen Adams. Arnold, Atkinson, Bar- j;
rinser, R:ulv, Beiling"i, Hell. Benton, ISnjtf-, Jamff. Black,
' Ja-=^ A. Black. Bl.tnehnul, How don. 23ov\ hn. Po\d, Biocken- ;
broil"1! Brodh-wl. Milton Bioun, William G. Brown, Burt, |
William W. Campbell. John H. Campbell. <\.the.nf, John |
G. Chapman, Austin A. Chapman. Rc-mien Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Cocke, (Jollamer. C ollin. Cottioll, ,
Orozier, CuIIom, Cunnmehanu Daniel, D;u«an, Uanett Da- j
vis, De Moti, Dillinahani, Dork* iv. Doneln^. Dromgoole, •
Dunlap,Eds>aU, ElNwoith. Kidman. Ulwin H. Ew inir. Funm,
Ftekhn, Foot. Foster. Fpcs. (iiiviti, (ientty, <;des, Gouion,
Graham, Gilder. Grnmell, Giover, Haral-on, Ilarman-on, ,
Harper, Hastings, Ileulev, Hilhnrd, Tloye, Hopkins, Houffh, :
George S Houston, Edmund W. Hnbard, Huna^'Ibid, Wash- ;
nvton Hunt, James B. liiint. II.niter. Charles J. Inaersoll, ,
Joseph II. liiaeisoll, Jenkins, Jrune- H. Johnson, Joseph .
Johnson. Andrew Johnson. Geoise W. Jones, Seaborn Jom^, ;
Kaufman, Kennedy, Pie-ton Km«, Lawience, Leake, Let-
fler.Lmb.La Sere. Levin, Ligon.Long, Lumpkin. Maclay,
McClelland, MeClernand, MeD.uuel, Joseph J. McDowell, |
Jamerf McDow ell, McIIenn , McKay, John P. Martin, Bark-
lev Martin, Miller, Morris, Mo-el^v. Moulton, Nonis.Oweri,
Payne, Pendleton, PerriU, Perry, Phelps, Pillsbury, Pollock,
Ramsey, Rathbun, iteid, Relfo. Potter, Roberts J- A. Rock-
well, Runk, Rn^'jll, Saw telle, Sawyer. Scammon, Seaman,
Seddon, Alcxandei D. Sun-, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Thoma- Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark\ve<tthei. Ste-
phens. Stewart, Suohm, Strone, S\ ke-, Thompson, Taeoh
Thompson, Thurmau, Tibbatts, Town-, Ttedway.Tnnnbo.
Vmtou. Wentworth, Wheaton, Wiek, Wilmot, Wmthrop,
"Wood, Woodward, Woodwortb, Wudit, Yonnjr, and Yo-t
—166.
NAYS Me-sr-i. Abbott, A'-hmun, Cran«ton, Culver. Del-
an ' GtfldingSj ff.de, Samuel I). Uubbard. Hudson. Darnel P.
L<"vis, IVIeG.mgbey. M''fiv;un^, Mar^h. Ripley, Julius
'well. Root. Severance, Tinman Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
and Whit"—*2J. ,
So the bill was passed; and is in the following
woids:
A BILL authouzing the issue of treasur> notes, a loan, and
tor othet purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate mid House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerv a in Conzre«> astrmhlcA* That
the Pie^ident of the United States i< heiebv antlionzed to
cause treasury notes, for such Mini or sums as the evitjen-
cie-5 of the Governmont ma\ i<ouir'j. but net r xcccdiuy, m
the whok amount of not--> issued, the ,uiu of Iwenty-tiuce
millions of dollars, and of denominations not les> than fifty
dollars for any one note, to be nrepatvd. '-i^ned, and issued,
in the manner hereinafter piovntcd.
Seo. *2. Jind be it further c/iucfH, Tnat the ^aid treasury
notes aatlioriioa to be issued by the lBrit <section
shall be reimbursed and redeemed by the DiuM States, at
the trea-urv thereof, after the expiration of one >™r "r
vears from" the (laws of the &ald notes rcspeetnely , from
which said dated they shall bear such interest, until t. -y
bhail he respectively redeemed, as shall be expressed upon
the face of the said notes; which rate of interest upon each
several issue of the said notes shall be fixed by the Secietar.v
of the Treasury, by and with the advice and approbation of
i the President, bnt'shall in no ease exceed the^raulo inter-
nf six ner centum per annum: Provided, ihdtdtterme .
maturity ofluy of ^"aid notes, sneh interest shall cea^e at
the expiration of sivty days' notice, to be given at any time ,
[ bv the Secretary of the Treasury, m one or more of the ,
niincipal papeis published at the seat of Government, ot a j|
I redeem the same. The reunbursement herein ,
1 provided for shall be made at the treasury of the United
States to the holders of the said notes lespectively, upon h
I presentment, and shall include the prmeipal^ot eaeh note ,,
i ami the interest which ma> be uue thereon at the time of n
r paMiient. For this reimbursement, at the time and times ,
! heiem specifier!, the faith ot the United States is hereby ||
i ""seo.'s he it further emu ted, That the sauUreaMirv (
i note's shall be prepared under the duection ot the frecietary ,
i of the Treasuiv, a,id shall be sijrned, en behalf ot the L'mted ■
^U'e-. bv the Treasmer thereof, and countersigned by the |
i| Register "of the Treasury; and that those officers respect- ;
H iveiv shall, as cheeks upon each other, and to secuie the .
!l pulilie safety, keep separate, full, and accurate accounts [
1 of the number, date, denomination, and amount, of all the ,
notes signed and countersigned by them respectively, ;
' which sard account shall be entered m a book or book', to j
i be provided for that purpose, and caiefully preserved in tile i
Tieasmv Department; and also similar accounts, kept and >
" nreserviid in the same manner, of all the said notes redeem- I
ed as the same shall be letuined and cancelled; and the
Ti'e'asurcr shall fmther aceount.nuarteily.for all such notes
delivered to him for signature or issue by the Register, (lie
Treasurer and Resisted ol the Treasury aie hereby autho-
nzed bv and with the consent and approbation of the See-
letarv of the Trensmy, to employ such additional temporary
clerk's as tile duties enjoined upon them by this act may
lender necessary: Prortied, Saul number shall not exceed
fne. and w.th a salary of not more than at the rate of twelve
hundred dollar- to each per annum.
Sfc- -l. Jhtdbcit further cue, (erf, That the Secretary of
the Treasuiy is hereby authorized, with Ihe approbation of
the Pi evident of the LTnited States, to cause to he issued
sneh portion of the said tieasun notes as the President may
think expedient in pajment of debts due by the. United
States, to such public creditor--, or other persons, us may
Choose to receive such notes ill payment, as aforesaid, at
 ar. ' And the Secretary of the Treasuiy is further autho-
rized with the approbation of the President of the United
I State's to bonow fioni time to time, not under par, such
i sniiis as the President may think expedient, on the credit of
I SUSb-c""s "llni be it further cnaclci, That the said treasury
1 notes shall he transferable, bv delivery and assignment en-
' dorsed thereon, bv the person to whose older the same shall
on the face thereof have been made pavable.
1 S(tc 6 .ini be it tmther cnctctei. That the said treasury
: note's simll he leceived m payment of all duties and taxes
Ki
Rockw
Tild
note-. «n.ui i < incn^u m *
bud bv tin; authonty ot the United States, ot all puhhc lands
sold by the r-aid authontv, and of all debts to tbf United
SMto^'of an\ ebaiactcr whafopver, which may be due and
mvable at the time when said treasury notes may be so of-
teied in p,n ment; and on everv such payment cicdit shall
be civcn for the .unoiintof tbo piin^ipal and inteie^twlnch,
on "the day ot s-nch pawnent, ma\ be due on the note or
noic- thu-'rnen in pavieent.
SFr-. 7. sh I'l be it fiuther eruufeJ, That every collector,
u'CfMvm* oi i>ubbe nioiK-v4-, or otbr>r otfiepr 01 apent of the
United States, shall, on the receipt of any treasury notes in
na\ ment for the government, take from the bolder thereof a
M'eeipt on the back of e,u h of - aid note?, stating di<nnetly
the date and the amount received, and shall keep, according ,
to ^uch foim as shall be prescribed hv the Secietarv of the 1'
'J'reasurv, entries or whom received : the numbei, date, and ■,
re=ixjdne amounts of principal and inteiest of each and ;i
e\er\ treaMiiv note thus leceivcd; and, on delivering the
^•ime to the "treasiin, shall receive credit for the amount II
paid, as pieucribed in the last beLtion, piovided no erior ,
be it further enacted. That the Secretary of /
♦he Treasury be. and he i.s beiebv, authorized and directed ■,
to cause to be remdmtse.l and paid the principal and inteie^t
of the treasury notes which rnov be issued bv virtue of this ,
•u*t at the icveial time and times when the same, according ;
to the Ptovi^ions oi tiny act. should be thus reimbursed and
lvnd And tb«* ^aid Secretary is fmther authorized to make
mrcha^s of the said notes at par for the amount of the nun-
cipal and interest due at the time of purchase on such notes.
■\nd so much of unuppropuated money m the ticrvurviv :
inav be necc^aryfoi that purpose is hereby appiopnated for
nminc the principal and inteiest ot said n<)tes.
^nc. 9. *-4nd be it fuither en xcted, f hat if any person shall ■,
i «N J'lv'piake, fon£«i) oi counterfeit, or catifo or piocureto
be f°l-olv mad*, forged, or counterfeited, or wilhnaly aid or ,,
1 a^^-ist in falielv making, forsrmc, or counterfeitine, any note ,
ill mutation of. or purporting to be, a treasuiy note afo.e- ,
said or shall falsely allcr. or cause or procure to he fal-ely
alteied, or willingly aid or assist in falsely altering, any
, treasun note issued as afoicsnid.orsha I pass, utter, or pub-
li-h, or'attempt to nass. uttei. or publish, as true, any false,
foi sed. or counterfeited note, purportins: to be a treasury note
: as a fore-aid. knmvuijr the same to be fal-oly forced or conn-
1 terfeited, or -hall pa^, utter, or publish as true, any falsely
! altered treasury note issued as aforesaid, knowing the same
1 to befaKeiv a'tared. evprv sikIi person shall be deemed and
i adjused ciiiltv of fe!om,'and, being theieof convicted, bv '
| due couise of law, shaft be sentenced to be imprisoned ami ,
,i kept to haul labot for a penod not le«^ than three, years noi ,
1! more than t< n veais. and be fined in a sum not exceeding ^
1 five thousand dollar-.' , „ 1
i tiKC.lO. +tndhe it further enaJrd, That i( any person shall ^
make or engrave, oi .cau^e or pioenre to be made or en- ,
i,' graved, or shall have in Ins custody or possession, any
metallic plate emriaved alter the similitude of any plats
from which any notes i-siied as au>resu*d shall have been
printed, with intent to use inch plate, or to cause or suffer
the same to be used in forging or counterfeiting any of the
notes issued as aforesaid, or &hall have m Ins custody or
possession anv blank note or notes engraved and printed
after the similitude of any notes issued as aforesaid, with
intent to use such blanks or cause or suffer the same to be
used m forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issued as
aforesaid, or shall have m hw custody or possession any
paper adapted to the making of notes, and similar to the
paper upon which any such notes shall have been issued,
with intent to use such papei or cau&e or suflf.r the same to
be u*ed in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issued
•is aforesaid, every such person, being thereof convicted by
1 due course of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned, and
I kept to liard labor, for a term not less than three nor more
! than ten years, and fined in a bum not exceeding five thou-
1 S'lSEc?ll^nrf he it fmther enacted, That the Secretary of
' the Tieasuvv be. and be is hereby, authorized to make and
1 i^ue from time to tune, such instructions, rules, and regu-
! lotions to the several collectors, receivers ot public money,
i depositories, and all others who may be authorized to le-
' ceive the «aid treasuiv notes on behalf of, and as agents in,
! ?n,v capacity for the United States, as to the safekeeping,
i disposition, leturn, and cancelling of the said notes so paid
to and received bv them, lespcetively, and as to then ae-
counts and returns to the department of such leceipts. as
ii mav seem to him best calculated to promote the public in-
terests and convenience, and secure the United States and
I the holders of the notes a«amst fraud and losses.
'<■ Sfc 13. Jlnd be it farther enacted, 1 bat, in lieu of the
II note's authorized by this act which mav be redeemed, other
i notes mav be issued: Providul, tenet er, The amount of
i 'l such notes outitantlina, together with the stock issued by
1 virtue of the tin i teen til and suteenth sections of tins act,
!i shall not exceed the sum of tvventy-tliree millions of dollars.
,1 Sfc 13. slnd be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
!' for the holdeis of the aforesaid treasury notes to present
i' them at anv tune, to the treasury of the I nited StatevS, or
M to any a^sHant treasurer, or to such collectors of the cus-
'• toni-  and receivers of public moneys as may be designated
H bv the Secretarv of the Tiea&ury; and the holders of the
i i said treasury notes shall be entitled to receive therefor the
h amount ot the principal of the said notes in a certificate or
'! certificates of funded stock, bearing inteiest at six per cent-
um per annum, from the date of such presentment ot said
tieaMirv notes, and for the interest shall be paid in money;
and the -tock thus to be issued shall be transferable on the
books of the treasiirv: Provided, Iiouever, and he it further
enacted, That it shall be lawful for the United States to
reimburse the stock thus created, at any time after the last
day of December, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-
Sfc. 14. Jlnd he it further enacted, That it shall and may
be lawful for the holder of-any treasury notes issued, or
authorized to be issued, under this act or any laws hereto-
fore passed, to convert the same into certificates of funded
stock, upon the same terms and in the same manner heie-
inhefore provided m relation to the treasury notes authorized
by the fii«t section of this act.
£ec. 13. Jlnd he it further enacted. That the authority to
ipMie treasury notes authmized by the " Act authorizing an
issue of treasury notes and a loan," appi oved July twenty-
second, one thousand eight hundred and fortv-fcix, be, and
the same is hereby, extended to the same penod fixed tor
the treasury notes authorized l>> this act, and upon the same
teim* and conditions herein specified. Provided, That the
. .1 l... .1   fJintl n«-it
teim^ anu communis licirin Sljninui. j  - ----
rreas'iirv notos authoiized by this section shall not exceed
five millions of dollais. ^ . , r
Pkcj. 16 *And h€ it tvrther enacted, That the President, it
in his opinion it shall be thcinterest of the United States so
to do, instead of issuing the whole amount of treasuiy notes
authored bv the fust section of this act, may borrow, on
the credit of the United State-', such an amount of money
•j« he mav deem propei, and issue therefor stock of the
United States, bearing interest ataiate not exceeding six
per centum per annum lur the sum thus borrowed, redeem-
able after thiitv-first December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven • Pro ided, however, That the sum. so borrowed, to-
gether with the tieasury notes issued under the fiist ana
twelfth sections: of this act outstanding, and the stock ciea-
ted bv this and the thirteenth section of this aet, shall not in
the whole exceed the sum of twenty-three millions ot dol-
lars: Jhid provided f ui ther, That no stock shall be issued at
a less rate than par.
Sec. 17. d he it further enacted, That the interest on
the stock created by this act shall be payable semi-annually
on the first days of January and Julv in each year.
Sf c. 18. And be it further cnactcK Thatthe certificates ot
stock to be issued under this act shall be siarned by 'the Ke-
, < i>ter of the Treasuiy, and the Secietarv of the Tieasuty
^iiall cause e.icli ot said certificates to be sealed with tne
i seal of his department.  
Sec. 19. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the paurient
i of the stock which mav he created under the provisions ot
; this act, the sales of the public lands are hpreby plertgea ,
and it ia hereby made the duty of the Secretary of th e l r?ab~
1 urv to use and apply all moneys which may be received into
' the treasury foi the sales of ihe public lands after the iir
day of January, eighteen hundred and foitv-eisht, first, to
pay the interest on all stocks issued by vntue of this act,
and. secondly, to iv-e the balance of said receipts, a
| jiiunit the interest aforc&aid. in the purchase of saul st0<->*
i at their market value, provided that no more than par sin
be paid for said stock. „naoA
SEf.20. And be it further enacted y That a sum notexceea-
I ins twenty thousand dollars, to be paid out ot any unappro-
' priated money in the treasury, be, and the same is "erebj >
appropriated, for detVavm? the expense of preparing, prini-
m", eneravmjf, an«l otherwise, incident to the issuing ot_ tili,
treasury notes and stock authorized by this act: P otuttW,
That no compensation shall be mane to any ofiicer whose
salary is fixed by law, for pieparing, signing, or issuing
' tieasurv notes, or certificates of stock. ,
' Src ^1 And he it further enacted* That it shall be, ana
hereby i«, made the dutv of the Seci etary of the Treasury to
cause a statement to be published monthly of the amount of
