1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
all treasury liotud issued or redeemed in pursuance of the
provisions of tins act; and that the power to issue treasury
iiotesconfcrru! on the Prudent of the Urn ted States by this
act sliml cea e and dotei mine hx months after the exchange
and ratification or a treaty of peace with the republic of
Mexico.
Mr. BOWLTN moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill, and moved the previous
question, which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be put, j
viz : Will the House reconsider? and it was deci- !
ded in the negative.
So the House refused to reconsider.
WISCONSIN.
The SPEAKER latd before the House the fol-
lowing; communication from the President of the
United States;
Washington, Jamiari/ 2j> 1847.
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I communicate horewitn a letter leccived ftom the Presi-
dentof the Convention of Delegates of the people or AViscon-
«nj transmitting a certified copy of tho constitution adopted
by the delegates of the people of Wisconsin in convention
assembled. AHo, a copy of the act of the Le<:ia!;ituie of
the Tei ntoiy of Wisconsin, providing for the <. ailing of said
convention; and also a copy of the last census, j-howing
the number of the inhabitants in said Tenitmy; l^que^ting
the President to lay the same before the Congress? of the
United States, with the request that Congress will act upon <
the same at its present session.
JAMES K.POLIC. ,
The communication was referred to the Commit- 1
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART gave notice that at an early '
day he would ask leave to introduce a bill for the '
conditional transfer of the stock held by the Uni- i
ted States in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal j
Company on terms to secure the early completion !
of that work to Cumberland.
And then the House adjourned.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to communicate to the Senate the causes
which induced the return of the frigate Cumber-
land and the steamship Mississippi from the coast
of Mexico to Norfolk.
Mr. WESTCOTT, on submitting this resolu-
tion, remarked, that it was not designed to cast
i imputation on any one. His object, in making
this inquiry, was, that the Secretary might state to
the Senate the fact that it was the want of mate-
rials at the Pensacola yard which rendered it neces-
j sary for these vessels'to go to another port. The
! non-existence of a dry dock at Pensacola caused
! the Government the expense of sending these ves-
; sels to Norfolk, which he undertook to say was
J equal to half the cost of constructing such a dock.
Mr. CILLEY submitted the following resolution
! for consideration:
I Whereas, a speedy and honorable peace with
the republic of Mexico is exceedingly desirable;
' arid whereas, " the Constitution of the United
Slates has made no provision for our holding for-
eign territory, still less for incorporating foreign
nations into our Union:" therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be lequested to order the army of the United
States, now in Mexico, to some place in the Uni-
ted Suites, near the frontier of the two countries.
The lesolution having been read,
had been offered for sale more than twenty-five
years and less than thirty years prior to such sale;
designating the land districts and States and Terri-
tories where said lands were sold, and the years
in which such sales were made.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. BREESE requested the honorable mover
to explain its object and intention.
Mr. CORWIN observed that the resolution
clearly indicated its object. He desired the infor-
mation thus asked for, with a view to aid his judg-
ment in reference to the proposed legislation on
the subject of the public lands. He had offered
the resolution originally at the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, when the grad-
uation bill was first brought in, the information
asked for having a direct application either in favor
of or against that bill. The information sought to
be obtained*wouId assure them of the existence of
the fact, (if such fact really existed,) which seem-
ed to be at the bottom of the policy of this Admin-
istration in proposing the passage of that measure.
He was told that the information could be obtain-
ed in a very short period, and would occasion no
delay in the consideration of tho measure. He
hoped, therefore, the lesolution would be agreed
to.
Mr. BREESE said he was never disposed to
resist the passage of a mere resolution of inquiry;
but he was apprehensive that the tendency of t*hi*
would be to delay action upon the graduation bill.
He did not desire to occupy time with any debate
upon this matter, but would merely say to the
honorable Senator, that all the information which
Mr. SPEIGHT asked if it was die intention of i| lle required could be obtained by an examination
t~. v. -  v - k . _ _ i.f. n flirt  vi i nfi i r. n w rtf inA I an/1
TN SENATE.
Friday, January 22, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by its Clerk, announcing the passage
of the bill, " authorizing the issue of treasury notes,
a loan, and for other purposes," and presenting
said bill for the concurrence of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. LEWIS, the said bill was
read a first and second time by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also two private bills, which were read a first
and second time and referred to the appropriate
committees.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of the
Board of Managers of the Washington National
Monument Society, praying a grant of a portion
of the public mall m the city of Washington, as a
site for a monument to the memory of Washing-
ton; which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Mary Genung, widow of
Isaac Genung, deceased, a soldier in the army of
the United States, under General St. Clair, asking
for a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of L. Stone,
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the select committee
upon that subject.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of citizens
of Crawford county, Arkansas, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Fort Smith to
Joseph TomHnson's, in Scott county, in Arkansas;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of citizens of the United States, praying the
adoption of a new system, which they propose, in
relation to the public lands: which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Several petitions of citizens and female inhabi-
tants of Pennsylvania, praying such an amendment
of the Constitution and the laws as will abolish
slavery throughout the Union, were presented by
Messrs. DAVIS, NILES, CASS, BREESE, and
GREENE; the motions for the reception of which
were severally laid upon the table.
Mr. R. JOHNSON presented additional papers
relating to the claim of Joseph Ratchffe; which
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims
the Senator from New Hampshire to ask for the
immediate consideration of the resolution?
Mr. CILLEY replied that it would lie over one
day, as a matter of course.
Mr. ALLEN asked that the resolution might be
again read.
The resolution was then read again.
Mr. ALLEN expressed the hope, that if the
resolution was to he over, it would be for a -\ery
short time. The introduction of a proposition of
this sort, in the present state of public affairs, was
one of the greatest calamities that ronld be inflicted
upon the country ;and he trusted—[cries of "Order'"
5 '0 rder!'']—and he trusted that the honorable mover
would embrace the very earliest opportunity to
bring it forward.
Air. JOHNSON, of Maryland, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He inquired if there was anything
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER observed that the
resolution was not now under consideration.
Here the subject was dropped.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following re-
solution for consideration :
! of the report of the Commissioner of the Land
[ Offi.ce furnished at this session, and of the acts of
i Congress upon this subject.
j Mr. CORVVIN said he had no doubt that some
j of the information sought for by the resolution
| might be obtained by a faithful and laborious in-
1 vestigation of the laws of Congress upon the sub-
j ject, and of the various reports of the Commis-
| sinner of the General Land Office, made in the last
: fifteen or twenty years; but it was exceedingly
1 desirable that they should have piesented to them,
; ni palpable shape, the very facts which were ap-
! plicable to this bill. He hoped the honorable Sen-
| ator would not impute to him a desire to oppose
' any obstructions to the consideration of the grad-
; uation bill, but he wanted this information before
being called upon to vote upon it. The public do-
main, extensive as it was, and important as it
would become in connexion with the prosecution
of this war, required that they should be very
careful in the steps they took m their legislation
concerning it, arid that they should have all the
light it was in their power to obtain. If the infor-
mation should not be furnished in time, he did not
„ , , mi i t. -j i 1 !i thmk he should ask for the postponement of the
Resolved, lhat the President be requested to j ^radua.tion bill
communicate to the Senate any information he may n * ^,->1.,^
possess, in relation to the recent misunderstanding !
between the American authorities at Rio Janeno
and the Government of Brazil, so far as may be
compatible with the public interest.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
The resolution was then adopted.
OPERATION OF THE SUE-TREASURY.
The following resolution, submitted on Monday
last by Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, came up for
consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to the Senate whether any funds of the Gov-
authorized'to procure for the use of the Senate, 500 ernment,and if any, what amount, ha\c been remit
copies of a map of Mexico, published by Mr. Dn>- ji te(^ the Atlantic States to New Orleans, or to
turnel, provided they can be obtained at, a cost not !
exceeding one dollar per copy. J
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the resolu- :
tion, by striking out "500"and inserting "1,000."
Mr. ATCHISON moved to amend, by striking ,
out "one dollar," and inserting "twenty-six i
cents." j
The resolution was then laid on the table, on the i
motion of Mr. Benton—ayes 19, noes 14. j
the Public lands. j
the disbursing officers of the American army in
Mexico, since the first of September last, and, if
remitted, in what funds remitted—whether m gold
or silver coin, treasury notes or bank checks; and
if in whole or in part remitted in gold or silver,
what has been the expense to the Government of
each of such remittances.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he did not rise for the pur-
pose of discussing the subject of this resolution,
but merely to state, that if 'it was the object of the
mover, acs he knew it was, to obtain the informa-
The following resolution, submitted on Wednes- j tion called for, he had only to say, lhat if the reso-
day last by Mr. Corwi.n, came up for consideia- j lution were passed, it would be promptly respond-
tion: 1 ed to. And, while up, he would take occasion to
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be , express his regret that the honorable Senator from
and is hereby directed to report to the Senate the ' Connecticut yesterday had availed himself of the
quantity of public lands sold which had been j, opportunity presented by this resolution or pour-
offered for sale, or subject to private entry, more ing forth a tirade of abuse against a measuie which
than fifteen years and less than twenty years prior ;; could as yet scarcely be said to have gone into
to such sale. Also, all pubiic lands sold which had operation. It would have been time enough, he
been offered for sale, or subject to entry, more ! thought, for the denunciations which the Senator
than twenty and less than twenty-five years prior i- thought proper to indulge in, alter the miormation
to such sale. Also, all public lands so sold which |: calied for by this resolution had been obtained.
