1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
288'
was an entire stranger to the men he was to com-
mand; and the objection to being overslaughed
•would be obviated. Theman who had patriotically
volunteered to engage in the service of his country-
would thus be stimulated to rise among his com-
panions, to attract their noticeand esteem, and thus
secure his elevation from their respect and personal
esteem.
No such hope as this was held up before the
eyes of the regular soldier; he might have military
pride and conscious valor, but he found all access
to promotion barred against him—his elevation
must, at best, be confined to the ranks—promotion
stopped there. It was so found in actual experi-
ence; for Mr. H. had been informed that out of
the six thousand regulars who had served since
the commencement of this war with Mexiso—and
who had exhibited more bravery than they ?—there
had been but two promotions from the ranks.
Vacancies, when they occurred, were usually given
to old and long-tried officers; and however the pri-
vate soldier might have distinguished himself by
acts of the highest personal bravery, he need hope
to rise no higher than if he had simply obeyed
orders with mechanical regularity. The knowl-
edge of this was well calculated to abate the valor
of the soldier when about to engage in some ardu-
ous and hazardous conflict. But under the provis-
ions of this amendment the road to promotion was
open; it lay in fair and animating prospect in full
view of every chivalrous spirit; and the effect of
such a hope would be felt in his bosom as a stim-
ulus of mighty power in those trying moments
when every motive should be brought to bear that
can stir the human breast, and nerve the arm in the
extremest peril.
But it was objected that if this amendment should
be adopted, the ranks of the army would not be
filled. Why, how else would fhey be filled ?
Could gentlemen restrain the glowing patriotic
ardor of three hundred thousand brave men, who
had emulated each other in offering themselves for
the service and defence of the country? Would
gentlemen tell him that out of this body of three j
hundred thousand brave men it was impossible to i
obtain ten thousand as permanent auxiliaries to ;
the army? He never could be made to believe it.
A hundred thousand could be had if there was
need. The department would only have to choose
whom they would take. The real difficulty would
be, not to get men enough, but to select from
among the multitude of applicants. The great
task would be to choose so as not to give offence
to those who must be rejected. The great morti-
fication would be, that out of throe hundred thou-
sand who were willing and anxious to go, only ten j
thousand could be accepted. i
It would be a painful and an invidious duty to j
discriminate, where so many were worthy. Prob- |
ably some rule would be adopted by which priority
of tender would be regarded as the general prin-
ciple of selection. Otherwise, it would scarce be
possible to prevent a feeling of deep resentment
toward the officer who performed the unwelcome
and responsible task. Could there be any impedi-
ment or objection to such a mode either in the
Senate or the War Department? Let this mode
of organization be adopted, and before thirty days
from the passage of the bill the men would be on
their march for Mexico. They would thus antici-
pate the sickly season, and would be in the field
and ready to be led against the enemy long before
the vomito would make its appearance.
If the appointment of the officers chosen should
be made heie, after their election by the men they
were to command, it would only be necessary to
caii on the officers, and let them organize their
companies and regiments and be ready at once to
march. That would be all they would have to
do. Would any man hesitate in deciding whether
it was best to organize these corps in the United
States, or first to lead them to the. place of action
in Mexico? A thousand men could not be taken
together in one body by water. They must be
taken in separate portions. This would create
difficulty after they got there. But if they were
organized and officered here, all the}' would have
to do there would be to rally to their headquarters
in Mexico. But, according to the original bill, the
Government was to say to a colonel: "You shall
be accepted to serve, provided you can raise a
regiment who will serve under you." Theman
would try to do this, and perhaps fail, and the in-
evitable effect must be great delay; whereas, on
the other plan, the Government would find the
corps already organized. Here must be rendez-
vouses, and then provisions, quarters, and fuel,
and all the expense of a recruiting rendezvous must
be provided. On the other plan, the men would
rendezvous at once at the headquarters of their
regiments. If there was no previous organization
here, it would require a delay of ninety days at
least before these regiments could be ready to
march. The officers must first be heard from; then
they would perhaps report that they had collected
one company in one county and another company
in another, and when all these reports were in,
and the companies collccted, then,and not till then,
would the colonel get his commission. But, under
the amendment he proposed, the corps would all
be ready organized, their services would have been
tendered, and all the Government would have to
do would be to commission the officers, and tell
them to go.
Mr. H. said that gentleman should remember
that it was not the mere fact of having inlisted
which gave a charm to a soldier or to an officer:
it was that he was a soldier or an officer in the
army of the United States. The mere form of
inlistment that could convert a citizen into a sol-
dier—engagement to serve and subsequent discip-
line and training—would not only convert him into
a soldier, but make the volunteer equal to a regular.
The citizen entered on his military career with a
constitution unimpaired by previous dissipation
and dissolute habits; he had a degree of intelli-
gence, sprightliness, and aptitude to learn, which,
under some six weeks' discipline, would make him
! equal to any soldier that ever entered a field. It
was intelligence and habit that made the regular:
it was heart that made the volunteer; and it was
head that made the commander.
This plan would raise a force immediately. It
would meet the wishes of those who had volun-
teered for the war; they were already organized.
All they would have to "do would be to march to
their rendezvous and then forthwith ship for Mexi-
co, and there they would at once present them-
selves an oigamzed force, all ready for action on
the enemy's soil.
But if the original bill should be adopted, delay
was inevitable. And, besides this, the officers
who were authorized to raise regiments and failed
to succeed, would then come to Congress and bring
in their accounts for their expenses in the attempt.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars would be de-
manded in the way of reimbursement.
If these men were mere expectants of office,
they did not deserve to command men who'hnd
volunteeied to serve the country: they did not de-
serve to be placed over the head of those who had
freely pledged themselves to vindicate the national
honor, to the utter exclusion of all selfish ambition
on their part. To his plan there could not possi-
bly be any objection. But he did see insuper-
able objections to the original plan as proposed by
this bill. Why, here were six hundred officers to
be created for the command of these ten thousand
men. Suppose their appointment should be left to
the Executive: what would be the icsult? Did
any man believe that all the houses in Washington
would be sufficient to contain the applicants who
would come into this District like a delude ? They
would not get shelter to cover them. All the offi-
cers of the Government would be tasked and ha-
rassed to read the multitude of letters of applica-
tion and recommendation that would be presented.
How could the Executive weigh the merits of that
vast crowd who would be asking to'he made offi-
cers, from a colonel down to a sccond and third
lieutenant? It would be an overwhelming task
for any man to attempt, even physically, to say
nothing of it in any other view. JNTo; the only
way to get a force into the field in any reasonable
time would be to recognise the organization already
made. Hence he contended that the amendment
ought to be adopted, if only in justice to the de-
partment. The labor was already performed, and
it only wanted the recognition of the Government.
In an important emergency it would not do for I
this Government to rely upon the regular army. .
It was not in contemplation of the framers of the \
Constitution that a regular army should be main- .
tained in time of peace at the expense of the peo- |
pie, when it would be without either efficiency or j
utility. There was indeed a necessity for main- J
taining a sufficient force to protect our arsenals and j
depots of munitions; and we ought to have such a 1
regular force as should serve for a nucleus around
which a force of another description might be col*
lected; but it was on the citizens of the country
that we must rely either for repelling invasion or
for the prosecution of a war of invasion into the
territories of another nation. There were sixteen
thousand regulars now authorized by law, of
which number not more than eight thousand had
as yet been actually inlisted. The work of re-
cruiting had been intrusted to intelligent and active
officers, and yet he was warranted in saying that
not more than two thousand eight hundred men
had been obtained within the last year.
But supposing the Government should start the
whole of the six hundred officers authorized in the
original bill, and send them among those who had
volunteered their services to recruit them as regu-
lars, would they not spurn the proposal ? He did
not say that they ought to spurn it, but he most
decidedly believed that such would be found the
fact. And why? Such had heretofore been the
I character of the rank and file of our regular sol-
| diers, that a citizen possessing any respectability
■ of character and standing in society feels, by enter*
i ing as a common soldier, that he has lost caste in
the community. Even in the war of 1813, when
the recruit received a very high bounty, both in
money and land, such was the influence of this
feeling, that it required a strong will and a spirit
of hardihood and daring to induce a man coming
from the bosom of respectable family connexions
to inlist. In fact, a young man was considered by
his friends as in a great degree thrown away who
did so. He was cut ofF from his family, and occu-
pied a degraded rank, until, by some daring deed
of valor, he obtained promotion, and was thus re-
stored to his former standing. This had ever been
the case, and it would be so a^ain. The man who
inlisted in the ranks of the regular army would find
himself a doomed man—doomed to a long and hope-
less servitude, with the door effectually closed upon
him to all promotion. Yet there was an attempt
to raise a corps of this description in preference to
volunteers, and thus to disappoint (he hopes of
men who panted to be led against the enemy. The
emergency of our affairs required instant effort: it
demanded a force that could be immediately raised
and organized. Who so proper to be employed as
those who had voluntarily proffered their services
to the country; who were already marshalled for
j the field and eager to march, and who wanted only
' the opportunity to prove that it would be their joy
and pride to vindicate, by their prowess, their
country's cause? There were men who would act
in the face of an enemy with the remembrance
deep in their hearts that they were acting also m
sight of family and friends. What stimulus was
like this to hreathe patriotic ardor into the heart of
a brave man? The heart that responded to the
throb of affection was the heart that would beat
high upon the battlefield with the fond remem-
brance of home and kindred, and with the noble"
resolution so to act in the presence of their foes,
as to secure that hearty welcome at home, which
was a soldier's reward. This corps, he was well
assured, would meet all the expectations of their
country. The road to honorable distinction would
be open before them, and they would beheld to-
gether by sympathies which voluntary service alone
could create, and which would lead them to main-
tain the honor of the corps in the lowering front of
battle and in every path of peril.
The reason why it was proposed, in one of the
sections of this bill, that colonels should select their
own staff", was, that the persons likely to compose
it would be taken from young men in the army, of
education, talent, and genius; many of them from
highly respectable famtlies; many of them in pro-
fessional life, especially such as came from our
largr.cities. The colonel ought to have theauthority
to select persons of this character, either from his
own subalterns, or from the rank and file. From
among these he would choose his quartermaster,
his adjutant, his commissary, his paymaster. He
would have the opportunity of taking young men
of clerical accuracy and neatness, and such as
would entitle themselves, by their moral worth, to
his regard and confidence, and his relative situation
would afford him the best opportunity of discern-
ing their personal characteristics and qualifications.
In this way he would be in no danger of having
men under him who would betray him, but he
could count on those who would sustain him by
faithfully discharging their duty. How cou'd
