234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
our department here determine on the propriety
of these appointments as well as the colonel ? What
would most necessarily be the means by which
it was to judge? The recommendation of members
of Congress; made by them, too, at second or
third-hand. Was this as good a channel of infor-
mation as the personal knowledge of the officer
who was to command them in the field? Could
the President or his Secretary form as just an
opinion, either in regard to the staff or the line
of the army, as the colonel could? He could
not believe it. This amendment was founded on
such a conviction, and intended to produce this
effect. Supposing the colonel should be autho-
rized to select the surgeons of his regiment, where
would he go to make his selection ? There were
to be thirty surgeons and assistant surgeons for
these ten thousand men—not a large number con-
sidering the nature of the climate in which the
troops were to serve. He would probably have
recruits under his command from several counties,
in each of which there were a number of physi-
cians of reputation. Would he not naturally select
such of these as he was personally acquainted
with ? And how important would it not be to the
health and safety of the men that such a selection
should be made; because the physician taken from
their own vicinity, and personally acquainted with
many of the families from which they came, and
with many of themselves too, would be in better
circumstances to sympathize with them in their
afflictions, and more ready to do all in his power
to relieve them. A surgeon so situated would not
act merely from a sense of duty, but from feelings
of kindness and of personal friendship. How
much fitter would he be for his official duty than a
total stranger appointed by the Government? If a
corps were inlisted from New York, would any
man of sense think of selecting their physician
from New Orleans? Or would a man from New
England be well calculated to serve with a regi-
ment from the interior of Missouri? Would you
take a physician who was perfectly ignorant of
the constitutions or former hal.its of the soldiers,
or of the region from which they came ? Surely
not. There was a fitness, a humanity in allowing
the officer to select those who would most possess
their confidence. If it was permitted him to refer
to experience in this matter, his own (which had
heen very small) fully corroborated every position
he had taken.
To say that men would not discharge the duties
of soldiers because they were not called regulars,
was surely absutd. The name of regulars did not
change the men, unless it was to associate them
With a dis°:uMing idea.
But it was said that regulars were more suitable
for these regiments, because volunteers could not
be relied on. lie should not descant on this idea,
but look at the material of the regular army. Men
picked up heie and there, of dissolute character,
and degraded by eveiy vice; men who marched to
the drum head as the last resort, perhaps to es-
cape from their creditors, or to obtain a bare sup-
port. Such was not the material of which the !
auxiliary army of Texas was composed. They !
were to be trusted in all circumstances. Theie j
was no want in regard to men like these. From ■
the commencement of the Revolution to the very '
last acts of that eventful history they had sustained 1
the credit of their flag, and fully proved that a citi- I
zen soldiery knew how to light and bravely to '
defend the liberty of their country. I
How had it been in the last war? Let gentle- •
men who doubted whether volunteers could be !
safely relied on, go to the Thames, where the I
Kentucky troops proved their valor, and where :
the Ohio volunteers so nobly sustained the honor '
of the American arms. Let them go to Sackett's j
Harbor, where our soldiers were le'd by a nnlitia 1
geneial, and they would find there the volunteers. I
Let them go either to the West or to the South, j
Let them look at the army in Tennessee, that glo- ;
riousarmy which met the fanatical savage Creeks:
they were volunteers. To be sure theie was one
battalion of militia somewhat dissatisfied, and
some of them returned home. But all the rest of
the entire army were volunteers, with the excep- ■
tion of a single battalion of regulars; yet they i
sustained themselves nobly in that war. How was !
it at New Orleans? Did not the volunteers nobly ;
susUin themselves? True, there wore a few regu- j
iars associated with them; but the officers and the 1
men behaved in a manner well worthy of the honor {
of their profession and of the cause for which they
went to battle.
There was other evidence which might be re-
ferred to in support of the same view. Instances
might be quoted where the fate of nations hung on
the volunteer service, and where they behaved with
unflinching bravery in hours of the extremest
peril. Need he refer to the siege of Monterey?
Could any man name that place and then speak
about distrusting volunteers? Who could have
exhibited more indomitable courage then did those
advancing columns? They pushed forward, and
were cut down in numbers, but still continued to
advance with unflinching valor. And these, too,
were men who never had known regular service.
Yet they did all that could have been demanded at
the hands of the oldest veteran soldiers of the line
in any service.
What was it that made the only difference be-
tween volunteers and regulars? It was nothing
but discipline. But when volunteers, as was pro-
posed in this bill, were made a permanent attach-
ment to the army, how long would it be before
active, intelligent young men, taken from reputa-
ble families, would learn both discipline and subor-
dination ? The excellence and efficiency of regu-
lars was derived from their perfect discipline.
They became a mass of mechanism, systematical
in their movements, and promptly and certainly
obeying the will of the commanding mind which
animated them. But when it became necessary to
drive a retreating enemy, volunteers were to be
preferred to regulars; inasmuch as they were more
eager in spirit and less encumbered or enfeebled.
Again: He regarded volunteers as far more
suited to the character of our nation and the genius
of our Government and institutions than regulars.
The original bill was a perfect anomaly in its
shape: it went, in effect, to raise a corps of regu-
lars out of a body of militia. Theie was to be
|! no inlistment, no oath; but somebody must go to
j|' them and ask them, for fear they should come of
themselves. They were not regulars. Why?
Because they were to be discharged at the end of
the war. They were not regulars in fact, but
they bore the name. And for what was that
name retained? Only to encumber the depart-
ment with the appointment of a host of officers,
when the volunteer corps were already organized,
and had only to receive marching orders.
He was as much opposed to democracy in an
j army as any man possibly could be, and to mob-
j ocracy too. But, after the organization of a vol-
I unteer corps had oncc taken place; after the wishes
| of the men had been met and their hopes gratified,
| being contented at the outset they would continue
| contented all through the term of service. There
, would be no new elections, for the bill provides
j for promotions by regular grade. But, under the i
I original bill, the President might, through inad- j
[ vertence or misinformation, or other accidental !
1 cause, happen to appoint to an important com- !
mand one of the lowest subalterns. Such a course i
could not but do much harm. j
E\ery piovision in the amendment, or substitu- j
, ted bill, was made to comc ay near to the character I
i and spirit of our institutions as could with propri- !
ety be done. It was often said, and reechoed from !
j one side of that chamber to the other, that the mi- i
| litia are the great bulwark for the defence of this j
, country. He believed it. But to give them orga- j
I nization and a permanent service would not render j
them less so. Thus organized, they would be pre- [
pared to act in harmony with the regular army. !
It did not blend the two descriptions of force to- !
! gether, but it united them in a concert of action. !
j A force of this description would as much consti- i
; tute a part of the army as the regular troops.
; Congress had the same power to create both,
i In concluding, he observed that he could not ;
| believe but that every objection which lay against j
j the former bill was fully met by the substitute he [
: had prepared, and he believed it to be more com- ■
; plete in its details than any which had been before !!
. offered.
! When we took a view of the connexion of the !|
: army with our citizens, he thought it would take j
; but a little time to organize our citizens for a state !
i of war, and prepare them for the battle-field and
, all the hauiships and privations of the camp; and ij
\vlien they should have honorably discharged the 1
, duty they owed to the country, they would return -i
; to the walks of private life with credit, and the '{
I pleasing consciousness of having given proof that ,'j
they were fully worthy of the confidence of their
fellow-citizens. They would show the world that
volunteers could endure hardships as good sol-
diers; that they weie no carpet knights—no holy-
day soldiers; but, having from choice relinquished
the sweets of homebred ease for the hazards of
the camp and of the battle-field, they would return
to their families with the glory and renown of good
soldiers.
Mr. ALLEN rose and said, he had an amend-
ment which he desired to offer as a substitute for
the amendment of the Senator from Texas, which
he intended to come in as a final section to the bill
under consideration.
The Secretary read the amendment for infor-
mation.
Mr. ALLEN said the Senate would perceive
that if this amendment prevailed, they would ac-
complish the object of the Senator from Texas, by
augmenting the volunteer force which the Presi-
dent was now authorized to call out, and, at the
same time, furnish the President with that descrip-
tion of force which, he informs us, the exigencies
of the service require.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. Is the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio a substitute for the amendment
of the Senator from Texas?
Mr. ALLEN. I contemplate offering it as a
substitute, to come in as an additional section to
the original bill; and it will present the question,
whether, under any circumstances, or in any con-
tingency, we will furnish that description of force
called regulars, which the Executive has asked.
That, then, will be the question before the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I do not intend to delay
the final action of the Senate upon this bill by pro-
tracting the debate; !but X must say, looking at
home and abroad, viewing the state of our public
affairs, it seems to me high time that the Congress
of the United States should have done something
by which the people of this nation, the army now
in Mexico, and Mexico herself, should understand
what is intended; whether it is intended to prose-
cute this war like a powerful nation, or let it
dwindle away dishonorably.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States autho-
rizes Congress to declare war; and after the dec-
laration is made, that same Constitution imposes
i upon the President the#responsibility of the con-
duct of the war. It is a responsibility which de-
pends on no wish or volition of the President. It
is a responsibility which he can neither increase
nor diminish.! It is a high constitutional responsi-
bility, which is imposed by the fundamental law
of the land, and sanctioned and made more im-
perative by the official oath which he has taken.
There can be no responsibility on the Chief Magis-
trate higher or more delicate. It is not a respon-
sibility in which the other departments of the
Government can participate with the Executive.
There is, then, no responsibility in which the oilier
departments of the Government should sympathize
with the Executive moie than m his responsibility
for the conduct of a foreign war. And, sir, 1 un-
dertake to predict, from my knowledge of the
American heart, that the delays, that the procras-
tinations, that the hesitation, which have been
manifested in this war, will create a sympathy—
and a powerful sympathy—in behalf of the Presi-
dent. It will show itself, when we shall have re-
turned to the body of the people. I know of whom
I speak, when I speak about the people. I know
how they feel at this moment throughout the
length and breadth of this land, in regard to the
prosecution of this Mexican war. I know they
feel that Congress has not enabled the Executive
to infuse that energy into this war, which the exi-
gencies of the public service, and the welfare of the
nation, require.
Mr. President, all this hesitation here—all this
delay in the passage of this bill—all this with-
holding of that description of force which the Ex-
ecutive, under his oath and the responsibilities of
his station, tells you the public safety requires—
all this, sir, is too well calculated to produce the
impression, both at home and in Mexico, that this
war is to go limping along, till it dies out itself. In
such a condition of things, can the United States
have peace with Mexico? Sir, there are no treaties
now existing between the two countries. A state
of war annihilates all existing treaties. Nothing,
sir, can produce a treaty of peace that will stand
for forty-eight hours but an overwhelming force at
the capital of Mexico. Until a great public exi-
