1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gency has made it manifest to the Mexican people
that there is no alternative left to them—until they
see our armies in their capital, and become con-
vinced that they must subscribe to our terms, or
become denationalized, there will be no peace.
When that state of things is brought about, the
party in power in Mexico will be able to make a
peace. / But a peace while our armies are seven
hundred miles from their capital, will not last forty-
eight hours, for a faction out of doors will rise up
and charge the party making a treaty of peace with
having sold their country, and they will turn it
out and again make war on us. Sir, there is no
alternative but to make war on the Mexican capi-
ta). That alone will produce a peace. # Create an
exigency there that shall be palpably apparent to
all parties in Mexico, and that will justify the ru-
ling authorities there in signing a treaty of peace
such as we want. It is such a state of war only,
that will produce such a result. If the Govern-
ment of Mexico were as solid as the most substan-
tial thrones in Europe, we should have a far better
chance ot getting an enduring peace than we can
have as it is. The very fact that the Govern-
ment of Mexico is in a perpetual state of revo-
lution, renders it utterly, absolutely impossible
that we can get a peace that will endure for one
hour without stacking our arms in the capital of
their country.
I Mr. President, 1 am for giving the Executive,
in virtue of the great responsibility resting upon
him, and as the head of our army and navy, and
as the director of this war, all the men and money,
«nd every description of force for which he may-
ask within the pale of reason, and under the high
sanctions of his oath. f I would say to the Presi-
if you make this application on your respon-
sibilities as Chief Magistrate of this country, I
will give the force you ask, and you can recruit
one regiment or two regiments as they may be
required, and then stop, at your own discretion.
Under the act of 13th May, 1846, he has power to
call out the entire military force of the country—
the whole militia for six months. He has an ad-
ditional power to accept a part of the militia to the
extent of fifty thousand men for the term of one
year or during the war. He has exercised but one
of these powers—that is by calling out the volun-
teerforce, because, on the first call, swarms of brave
hearts presented themselves to cluster around the
standard of the country. The struggle was not to
obtain, but to keep out, a large portion of those who
presented themselves to enter into the service of
the country. I believe the whole number yet called
into service is something'like thirty thousand men,
leaving a margin of twenty thousand men whom
the President, by the act of the 13th May, 1846, is
at any moment at liberty to invite into the public
service. "Well, he asks Congress to give him an
additional power to increase another branch of the
£ublic force of the country—the regular army.
 et me here say, sir, that if I had had the direc-
tion of this Avar, I should not have asked for this
power. I would have callcd out at least forty
thousand volunteers the day succeeding that on
which this bill of the 13th May last was passed.
The President, however, has his own judgment.
He knows more about the exigencies and wants
of the public service than I can possibly do. And
under the circumstances m which he is placed, he
asks for authority, not to create a force of ten
thousand men, but to call out that force if the
future exigencies of the service require it. Well,
sir, I have no objection to give him the discretion
to call out that force; and m order to show the
Senator from Texas that I am quite as much dis-
posed to augment the volunteer force as he can be,
I propose to give the President additional power
regarding the volunteer force, to the extent of ten
thousand men. Sir,I will give him both; though,
by my motion, I now do not present the alterna-
tive whether we will increase the regular or volun-
teer force, but whether the regular force shall be
increased at all.
Mr. J. K. Walker, appeared below the bar !
with a message in writing from the President of
the United States, and Mr. ALLEN gave way for
its reception.
Mr. ALLEN resumed. Sir, I shall not violate
the pledge 1 gave by making a long speech; I will
therefore content myself with what I have said,
and submit my proposition.
The Secrltaky again read Mr. ALLEN'S
proposition.
285
Mr. MANGUM. Is it in order now?
The PRESIDENT. It is not now in order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved an amendment to
j the amendment of the Senator from Texas, by stri-
| king out the words which make the field officers
j elective. He said the effect of his amendment
| would be clearly understood, inasmuch as it would
leave the officers to whom it referred to be appoint-
ed by the President.
He had contemplated, that, if this war was con-
i tinued, and assumed any thing like the serious form
:j and aspect it had now assumed, an increase of the
j army oftheUnited States would become necessary,
; as the only soit of force calculated to enable the
j Government to carry on the war. The President
: had asked for such an increase of force, and he
I should vote to grant a force pretty much of the
i character which the President had asked for, on
, the general principle which he throughout had
j cherished, of granting all the men and money the
: President might deem necessary, and hold the
j President responsible for the use'of the money and
; the general conduct of the war. He was content,
; however, so far to accommodate his views to the
, more experienced views of theSenatorfrom Texas,
! by deviating; so far in this respect as to permit the
; troops, when organized, to elect their company
J-officers. They would he raised in the same viein-
; ity, and would be acquainted with each other; but
: he feared that it would be very different in lelation
to the field officers. They were to be elected when
. the companies rendezvoused. They would come
; from different parts of a widely-extended State, or
i it might be, of several States, and therefore would
j be unacquainted with the qualifications of the offi-
| cers. And again, when were they to hold this
| election? How were they to hold it? Who was !
i to preside at it? Who was to stand responsible to I
! the public for the fair expression of the voice of the )
soldiers?
But this was not his main objection. They were
to elect as soon as they came together. Well, they
would then be ignorant mainly of the character of
the men proposed as field officers. They would
then have to choose in the dark—without infot ma-
rion. A great many of them would be just as in-
competent to judge of the proper qualifications of
a colonel as they would of a keeper of an observa-
tory or a manager of the Smithsonian legacy. Rut
that was not his utmost objection, nor his chief
objection. How long would they kllow for the
canvass? To canvass, the candidates for the offi-
ces of colonel, major, &c., would have to go round
among the taverns, and to this and that "grocery.
How long, then, should they have for an exhibi-
tion of their military chaiacter? And how much
time to indoctrinate the raw troops in the science
of electioneering ?
How long had it been since the idea of convert-
ing the camp into hustings and the soldiers into
electors had sprung up in this land? He had
thought amongst the necessary evils of war was
that despotic system of government which required
subordination, to guard society against the licen-
tiousness of men with arms in their hands. To
allow the system now proposed to be carried fur- |
ther than to elect their company officers, was to i
introduce a system particularly incongruous in the j
military service. It was the pride of the soldier to '
be commanded and to obey- That was the very I
life and strength of the service. But now it seemed !
the policy was to subvert aftd invert the customary !
order of things. Instead of subordination in camp, 1
they were to have the army converted into a little ;
democracy, like that of Athens. Instead of order
and subordination, they were/to have all the |
license, turbulence, and tumulttff an election going [
on. And gentlemen who advocate this, do so on :
the supposition that they are acting on principle— !
the principle of fr£e(a d popular government—and :
that good and true*principles will work well every- 1
where. He asked the advocates of this new doc- !
trine to tell him, then, why it was that they cur- ;
tailed that principle at all? Why, if it was a .
cardinal principle, always to be respected, was it ;
not extended to the brigadier general ? Why was -
not he elected when the army got together ? And 1
why not let this good principle work out its results
in the election of a major general ? Were gentle- :
men prepared to go that length? If they were,
what was a camp? Where was obedience to ;
orders—unquestioning obedience—which was the
life and soul of all military action and all military j
life ? without which an anny must be the most !
terrible scourge that was ever permitted among
men. Why, he repeated, not carry out thegooa
principle to that result?
But while they talked of the danger of a stand-
ing army, why would they render it a thousand
times more dangerous by infusing into it insubor-
dination and disorder? And where was it to stop
when it was carried to the length now proposed?
What had they seen in other countries ? They
had seen preetorian guards holding elections; and
they had seen Emperors issuing from the camp of
praetorian guards and borne to the thrones of kings.
It was this which made our forefathers jealous of
standing armies. However, he apprehended no
such consequence here, thank God. No man had
more confidence in their intelligence and worth,
and all that makes men valuable as citizens or as
soldiers; but he would not train them up in wrong.
He did not wish to set an example which would
lead to fatal consequences in worse times- than
these. Bad examples always have their com-
mencement in good times, when confidence in the
present good order of things puts us off our guard,
and sends us to sleep in our security. But they
rise up afterwards in judgment, and form excuses
and apologies for sinister measuies adopted for
sinister purposes. Let us be on our guard. Let
us not force upon these men duties which they are
unable to discharge for want of the necessary
knowledge and information of the individuals who
may be presented to them for their selection. He
feared it would he calculated to lead to a relaxation
of subordination for the candidates to go from
camp to camp to electioneer, and little parties would
be made up in favor of one and another. Such a
system would lead toafiercecontention: and what
would be the result of if * One party or the other
would finally succeed; and what was to be said of
the vanquished party? Would they be disposed
to see in a major or colonel, a commander who
would equally favor every man under his command,
exercising not only a military authority, but a
paiental care over all ? How long would it be be-
foie the feelings engendered at an election would
subside? And when they had subsided, how long
would it be before this popular candidate for a col-
onelcy—how long would it be before he who was
just now bowing to and soliciting the votes of
these very men whom he was afterwards called
upon to command, would be qualified to throw off
the restraint which such a proceeding would create,
and command them in the true military spirit ac-
cording to his commission ?
These higher officers are, to some extent, repre-
sentatives of the whole country, and ail were inter-
ested in their acts. It was not a matter of concern
alone to the identical men that compose the com-
panies or regiments. It was a matter of common
concern—it was a matter affecting the fate of war
and the fate of nations. It was, therefore, upon
every consideration, a matter of great national con-
cern. He did not wish to enlarge upon, tnis sub-
ject. But he could not but think that the best and
more expedient course was, not to force on the
soldiers, unasked, unsolicited, the performance of
a duty for which they could not possess the requi-
site information of the qualities of the candidates
from whom they would have to select, and which
promised no earthly advantage.
Mr. HOUSTON was very sorry he should have
been so unfortunate as not to have made his views
and intentions intelligible to the honorable gentle-
man from Kentucky. He assured the honorable
Senator that no member of this body entertained
a greater abhorrence and dread of disorganization
m a military force than he did. And the course
which he proposed appeared to him free from all
the objections which the honorable gentleman had
been pleased to make to it. He did not propose,
and he expressly so said, as he understood him-
self, to carry into the army of Texas the practice
of elections. It was as foreign from his view as
the idea could be. He proposed that the troops
should be organized in the community where they
were raised, or that those should be taken that
were already organized, with a perfect understand-
ing of the character of the officers whom they had
selected; and not to elect officers in the army, for
by the plan suggested^ by the amendment which
he proposed, elections in the army would be obvi-
ated entirely by promotions according to grade,
excepting the very subordinate officers of compa-
nies. There was not, then, to be afforded to can-
didates for colonelcies the opportunity to canvass
