286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
the men, and to tempt them into grog-shops. His
plan would be to cxclude all liquor and treating
from the army. He was aware that liquor had
caused a greater mortality in lexas than the can-
non of the enemy. And he was the last person
to encourage disorganization, or recommend any
measure that would have a tendency towards it.
He apprehended no difficulty, then, in the course
he recommended. If there were not a sufficient
number of companies organized that had already
tendered their services by brigades to the Execu-
tive, it would be a very easy matter to rendezvous
the companies at some point anterior to marching
to Mexico, organize them there, and let them ar-
rive on the soil of Mexico ready organized. Such
was the organization of troops we have had in the •
field that "have acquired immortal honor. This ;
was the course pursued by the Mississippi regi- !
ments. Davis and McClung, who did all that men :
could do, and whose commands were almost anm- t
hilated at Monterey, were elected by the compa- ;
nies. One of those otficeis vacated lus seat in the t
other House of Congress, and at the call of the j
v-olunteers became their leader. The other was I
known to them at home as a gallant and distm- ,
guished man, and him they elevated over them by :
election. The, last troops that marched to Mexico
were organized at Pittsburg, and there they elected
their field officers, when they were formed into
regiments. It was therefore no innovation on any
rule established in the United States. It was a
rule by which we have been governed for thirty
years to his certain knowledge. Jackson, in the
first place, was so elected, and several of his officers
were elected by volunteers, and served, and then-
service continued, till after the battle of New Or-
leans. <\
Mr. R. JOHNSON". Was that under any law
of the United States?
Mr. HOUSTON. It was done by common con- ,
sent, and not by any law of the "United States.
But he now proposed that these regiments should ^
be so organized under a law of the United States, j!
to obviafe all objections, and to prevent the camp \\
being made an electioneering arena. He wished ij
the troops to be oiganized when they arrived at ,
the theatre of v/ar, and from that circumstance to j
derive their efficiency; and not to have the* colonels t
going about treating the men in grog-shops. He '
pioposed that it should be done on the mustering
of the men, who had associated themselves and j!
voluntarily enrolled themselves with a view to
service during the war; that the elections should !!
take place in moments of soberness at home, when .|
the men about to ens-age in an enterprise feci that ■
organization will enable them to give character to ;;
their enterprise, and sustain themselves befoie the j
enemy. They will select men in whom they have ;!
confidence at home, where they have opportuni- ij
ties to know the characters of the various aspi- jj
rants. And after that election all elections for col- ;i
onel will terminate, and the promotions will be :j
according to grade to supply deficiences in higher '
ranks of the army; and thus they would be per- Ij
iectly satisfied when they left their homes. God i,
forbid that he should do anything to convert the \\
auny into a mob, or even a praetorian band or I
cohort; but though he expected to see no imperial :
majestym thisCapitol,heshoulddoall iuluspower |
to sustain such measuies as would support the mv !
penal majesty of the Constitution. He advocated n
this plan, because he conceived it to be the best. !
The President, if the appointments were left with ' i
him, would have to appoint some forty field offi- j
cers, with whom he was totally unacquainted, and r
therefore he must rely on information which he ,
could obtain elsewhere. But the volunteers them- |
selves, who are men of intelligence, would appoint ,
men in whom they could confide from a knowledge 1
of the men themselves. Those who have already j
been so appointed are men of other attractions :
than those they could afford in grog-shops. They i
are men of intelligence and character. Would ■
they, then, lie asked, disappoint the hopes of fifty I
thousand volunteers? Or would they place men i
over these volunteers who were strangers to them; ;
and, in consequence, the officers and men would en- !
tertain no respect for each other ? He in sistedthat j
every encouragement should be given to the volun-
teers, and hence he offered anu pressed his amend-
ment.
Mr. CASS remarked that there were two courses
for completing the oiganization of the army pre-
heated to them; and after reading an extract from
the Constitution referring to the subject, proceeded.
For the several companies to elect their own offi-
cers seemed to him directly contrary to the Consti-
tution. It took from the President a prerogative
wiiich the Constitution gave him. They all felt
the crisis in which they were placed. He had not
heard a sentiment advanced by any gentleman on
the other side of the Chamber which was not hon-
orable to the speaker. They were all anxious for
the welfare of the country. He was well aware
that they ought to look around. He did not won-
der at the discussion or deliberation which had
taken place. The last ad vices from Mexico brought
intelligence of one of the most singular scenes ex-
hibited in the record of the nation. It told them
of a perseverance belonging to the Spanish charac- :
ter alone. Their President had taken an oath that
he would not treat with this country while our
troops were upon one foot of Mexican soil. It
showed what they had to conteitd with. They i
should therefore address themselves to the shock,
and make all the arrangements necessary to carry ;
on the war to a successful termination; unless it ,
be—and he trusted there were very few who were .
prepared to abandon the war—sitting down as they I
rose up with all the wrongs which they had suffered '
from Mexico unatoned for, after an immense ex-
penditure of blood and treasure. He did not believe ij
there were many prepared to advocate such a course,
As had been well said by the gentleman from Ohio,
the constitutional management of the war belonged |
to the President. Congress could neither give him !
the power to carry on the war, nor control that «j
power. As to the method in which it was to be !
carried on, whether by sea or land, it seemed to ■;
him a reasonable confidence should be placed in j
the Executive of the nation on that point. He ■>
had experience to guide him. He knew what the :
countiy required—what forces were necessary. ■
He had informed them of it. It did seem that a
reasonable confidence m the discretion of the Exec-
utive—in the experience of the Administration— ;
should lead them to vote for the measures the Presi- ;j
dent had called for, unless there was some reason- 1
able objection. He saw none. '!
Mr. C. could not approve of the course pointed j[
out by the Senator from Texas. His own expe- I]
rience was exactly the reverse. For that honorable
gentleman, whose experience m the service of his '{
country had put imperishable laurels upon his brow, ji
! no man who heard him had a higher respect than
: himself. But let him tell that gentleman that their
! course in 1813 was different from the one which
i he proposed. Then they called for twenty regi-
' ments of regular troops. To the colonel in Ohio,
■ as he remembered, they said: " There is a blank
i piece of paper; go to men of talent and enterprise;
i men in whom the public have confidence—select
j A to be a capiain, and say to him, 4 if you will
j produce fifty men within two months, you shall
! have a commission.' Then let A go to B and say,
j ' raise fifteen or twenty men, and you shall be lieu- •
tenant;"' and so with others. In that way a regi- 1
i ment was raised in two months. Those colonels !
went around and selected an officer. It was
i confidently—properly given—properly exercised.
I They did not voluntarily throw away the power.
; They found men of character, who raised such
! men as crossed the lake with Harrison, and went
| on and completed the war. .Now, where was the ;
difficulty? He did not know what course they :
I would adopt when they had passed the bill; but he .
; had no doubt the Administration would adopt the ;
best course—a course that did not cause unneces- j
sary delays. Let him be allowed to mention one t
fact for the consideration of the honorable Senator .
from Texas. The pecuniary motive which he ;
proposed to offer for inlistments, was quite differ- :
ent from the one which" he would approve. He ■
(Mr. C.) would giant a bounty to the soldiers; j
and he understood from the gentleman from Mis- j
souri—the chairman of the Military Committee— ,
that the effect of the proffered bounty had already :
been felt, and that inlistments were consequently ,
going on more rapidly than ever before; the effect 1
was not to be disguised. Let them look at the ,
whole experience of the country. Under Wash-
ington the regular troops were found to be the very
best which could possibly be raised. More re-
sponsibility could be placed m them. He would
not discourage the volunteers—he himself had
been a volunteer—but it was human nature that
men who inlisted in the regular army, and under-
went a thorough course of discipline, would be
more efficient soldiers; not that the volunteers
were inefficient in the day of battle. Every man
knew, who knew the volunteers, that there was*
no corps of them that would not follow the
standard of their country, and uphold it boldly
on the field of battle. This campaign had shown
it. This campaign had shown that, in the deadliest
of the shock, they had borne the standard of their
country proudly and aloft. He would say that
the very honor their country bad acquired by their
recent victories was, to him, a full compensation
for every dollar they had expended. None regret-
ted the expense more than he; but, measured by
dollars and cents, he would repeat, they had dollar
for dollar. They were unknown to Europe before.
A half century had almost passed away since the
prowess of the nation had been shown. Europe
and the civilized world had forgotten them. They
saw a great nation—their keels ploughing every
wave—their ships at every port. Forgotten! ay!
at the first tap of the drum—the first sound of the
bugle—what was the effect ? The Government
had not to summon men to the field; they had more
than enough. They told them to stay at home;
they did not want them. It was absolutely the
duty of the Government to stay the ardor of the
citizens. They could not take a tithe of those who
volunteered their services. A prouder spectacle
was never exhibited since men were congregated
together in civilized societies; a spectacle most •
clearly prophetic for the stability of the republic.
He had nothing to say about monarchical govern-
ments. Let Europe have them; but ours is the
government for us—a government in which the
property and rights of citizens were sacred; and it
was now shown that in time of war it was equal to
a defence. He knew there had been a good deal
said about the injustice of this war; but he supposed
there was not an honorable Senator on his side of
the Chamber who saw no cause for the war. Some
might say that it was inexpedient to go to war at
the time; but no one, looking upon the long cata-
logue of aggravations, would say that there was
no cause for it. The President had asked them
for regular forces—for ten regiments of men. The
[ Constitution had given him the power to do it.
I They should support him. Therefore he did trust
; that the bill reported by the Military Committee, in
I conformity with his requisition, might be passed,
j Mr. BADGER did not desire to draw the Senate
' into a general discussion on this subject. It was
] of far more importance that they should confine
j their attention to this bill and forward its passage.
; But he wished very briefly to state the view which
; he took of the difficulty attending the proposal of
; the Senator from Texas. The discussion between
; that Senator and his honorable friend from Ken-
; tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] was on a question of
! expediency, on which he did not propose to say
; one word, because it seemed to him they were not
! at liberty to enter into any investigation as to the
; question, which is the better and more expedient
i mode of having these officers appointed. The
: amendment of the Senator from Texas proposed
I to raise an auxiliary volunteer force, to be muster-
ed into the service of the United States, and to have
; officeis appointed to it who, if he was able to un-
derstand the project, were undoubtedly to be offi-
i cers of the United States. Now, it was said—he
! did not intend to say whether it was true or not—
j that after a long period of public service gentlemen
j learned to look rather lightly on constitutional re-
i stnetions. If it were so he had not been here long
| enough to forget the limitations imposed upon us
j by that instrument. And he would suggest to the
1 Senator from Texas, if his amendment was not
| liable to the objection that it was in opposition to
1 the Constitution. It was not proposed by the Sen-
1 ator from Texas to call the militia into the service
! of the United States. It was proposed that the
I United States should raise a force under the de-
nomination of an " auxiliary volunteer force.M
The officers of this force would be officers of the
United States. The colonels would be officers of
i the United States. They were so in fact and in
,| form, as much as any other officer. How were
ij they to be appointed? Under commissions from
the President of the United States. It was, there-
' fore, to all intents and purposes, a proposal to raise
an additional army under the name of a volunteer
!; force; and then itproposed tlxat these officers should
I be elected by the men and commissioned by the
i! President of the United States. Now, when he
'1 looked at that instrument, it seemed to him thatail
