240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22.
Mr. JARNAGIN, with a view of making it a
test of the sense of the Senate, whether the pro-
posed force should be composed of regulars or vol-
unteers, moved that the question be now taken
upon the first amendment proposed by the Senator
from Texas, to insert in the first section after the
word organized,the words " ctm auxiliary vol-
unteer corps."
Upon this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded; and, being ordered,
Mr. TURNEY explained, that m consequence
of the general character of the amendments of the
Senator from Texas having been altered by the
adoption of Mr. Chittenden's modification, he
should feel obliged to vote against them.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he desired to say but
five words in explanation of his vole. He should
vote arainst the amendments of the Senator from
Texas, because under the laws now m force (with-
out tins act) the President could call into seivice
as ffi-cat an additional force of volunteers as could
possibly be wanted. The President had not asiied
for any law for more volunteers. He asked for
ten additional regiments of regulars, not as a per-
manent standing army, but to be discharged when
the war was over. Sir, for my part, (said Mr.
W.,) I will vote for this law allowing ten regiments
of regulars to be so discharged, because thes-e regi-
ments cannot be raised and added to the army
without this law. He would give the President
both kinds of troops, and let him call for either or
both, as was deemed best.
The yeas and nays were then taken upon a^ree-
jno- to the first amendment of the Senator fiom
Texas, and resulted as follows:
YE-\S—Mr-sMs. Atchsson. Bornen. John M. Clayton, i
Cmvin. Cnntn.l-^n, Davis. Davtoii, Greene. Huntington, !,
Jamnain, Morehead. Pearee, and Upham—14.
NAYS Allen, Aich**r, A-hie\, Arbeiton. B.uL'ei,
B.nbv "BiJcm}, Bright. Butler, Cameron. Cass. Chalmers, 1
Cillev' Thomas Clavton, Dix. Fairfield, Johnson of Mary- ■
land,' Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Maneum, .
S.'Vi 3r. Speifflu. Sturgeon, Tumey, Westcott, \v oodbridge,
and Vulce—|
So the amendment was not agreed to. j
The question then recurring upon the remainder j
of the amendments proposed by the Senator from j
Texas, i
Mr. CRITTENDEN demanded the yeas and •
nays thereon.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
DYYTOX, CRITTENDEN, BER.RIEN, BAD-
GER, MOREITEAD, and ARCHER, when
Mr. CRITTENDEN withdrew the call for the
yeas and nays, and the question being put upon
agreeing to the amendments, it was decided in the
negative.
Mr. ATCHISON then submitted his amend-
ment; which was read and is as follows:
Strike oul the fir-t five sections and in=eit:
'■That trie President of the United States he, and he is
lien-hv, authorized to accept the services of ten regiments
of volunteers in serve dm mg tne continuance of the present
war with Mexico, unless sooner discharged, who shall he
raised, omanized. coininis-ioned, and paid in the same
manner, and und^r the ^aine regulations as are presciibed
in the act providing for ine lairing of fifty thousand volun-
te£!J, approved the J.-JthMav, 184b.
Mr. ATCHISOX expressing1 a desire to address
the Senate, and the hour being late, a motion was
made that the Senate adjourn; the yeas and nays
were ordered, and, being taken, the question was
decided affirmatively, and
The Senate adjourned until Monday next.
allowing them bounty land m certain cases, repott-
ed an amendatory bill; which was committed.
Mr. BOYD moved to make it the special order
or Monday next. The vote on the motion was
decided "by yeas and nays, and resulted; Yeas,
113, nays 55. ...
The motion was agreed to, two-thirds voting in
favor thereof.
THE WAR.
Mr. STEPHENS asked the general consent of
the House to offer a short preamble and resolu- :
Uons, relating to a subject which, of all others, ,
was now most absorbing of public interest. His
object was not to ask the action of the House j
upon the subject to-day, or to debate the merits of i
the question, but barely to have the resolutions |
received and referred to the Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union, to be called up j
at some subsequent day. :
The resolutions were read for information, and I
are as follows: j
Whereas it is no 1e« durable that the intercuts and honor j
of our country should be cordially sustained and defended, i
so long a-? the present war with Mexico continues to exist, |
than that the conflict should notbduuiieces&aiilj prolonged, j
hut should bp terminated as soon as an honorable peace can i
be obtained; and wheieas it is believed that a diveisilyot
opinion prevails to a considerable extent as to the ultimate J
aims and objccts for which the war should be prosecuted. |
and it being pioper tnat this matter should be settled by the i
clear expre.sion of the legislative will, solemnly pioclaimed .
to the world: __ |
lie it th&v fore resolved by the Senate and House oj Itepre- ,
scntatives of the Umicd States <>t «-5jnerlcu in Congress <issein~ '
bled, That she present will with Mexico '■ is not waged with
a \iev% to cumjnest,-' or the dioiiicnil'-erment ot that republic '
bv the acquisition of any portion ol her tenitoiy.
" Ji ' it farther retired by the authority i./oj esmd, That it is
The question was then taken on going into com-
mittee, by yeas and nays, and there were: Yeas
"2, nays 108.
So the motion was decided in the negative, and
the House, refused to go into committee.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the private bills on the Speakei's table.
The bill for the relief of Alvan C. Goell was fiist
taken up.
When this bill was before the House, there
was a motion made to amend it, by striking out
the sum of $.20,000 and inserting $5,000.
And, pending the amendment, a motion was
made that the bill and amendment be laid upon the
table.
The first question this morning taken was on the
motion to lay the bill and amendment on the table;
which was disagreed to.
The vote was then taken on agreeing to the
amendment, and decided in the afilimative, by
yeas and nays,as follows: \ eas 116, nays 49. So
the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, was accordingly
read a third time.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be now put, viz: " Shall the bill pass?''
And it was decided in the affirmative.
I So the bill was passed.
j On motion of Mr. RELFE, the bill authorizing
! the issue of patents to George Ramsay and Tho-
! mas T. January, for certain lands entered in the
liberal -settlement 011 out paitof the questijiis growing out .
oi tne prop:r and rightful hounda.y ol Texas, and a full re- ;
><;oivea oxi irit autituniy "jy" ><- «--> • 1 £
\ the denre or the United State-* that hostilities should be ter- i< county of St. Louis, otate of lVLissouri, was mdeil-
minared upon terms honorable to both parties.; einhiacniga j nitelv postponed.
" '  —    —— 1 on motion of Mr. ALBERT SMITH, the bill
for the relief of Anna Griffin, of the county of
Wyoming, State of New York, was laid on the
table.
The following bills were taken up and ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and, being
.v>2nitto.i and proper pros ision on her part to be made for all
t!i<..' jti^t claims of our utizen> against that counti y; the whole .
to he adju ted by negotiation, to b- in-tituted and effected ;
accordn.j* to the constitutional fomis of each Government
tespecuvtlv.
■> . i.- ~ !< to oe engrosseu anu reau a miru tunc; anu,
Objection being made to the reception of the foie- , rosstTd were accordins]y read a third time and
going preamble and resolutions— . & <♦. 
Mr. COBB said, as it was merely the object of
his colleague to refer the resolutions if they were
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Friday, Jai\uarij 22, 1847. j
The Journal of yesterday was read, and, on motion ;
of Mr. EDSALL, having; been so amended as to
state the fact, accidentally omitted, that on the res-
olution of Mr. Rathbun to terminate debate on
the loan bill, Mr. E. had voted in the negative,
was approved.
The SPEAKER announced, as the first busi-
ness in order, the consideration of private bills
which had been acted on by the Committee of the
"Whole this bemsr a day set apart for the consid-
eration of such bilU as would not give rise to de-
bate.
Mr. BOYD, fiom the select committee to whom
was referred the bill to increase the pay of the
non-commissioned officers musicians, and privates
of the aimy of the United States, and the militia
and volunteers in the service of the same, and
received, he hoped the objection would be with-
drawn.
The objection not being withdrawn,
Mr. STEPHENS repeated that it was not his
object to debate the subject to-day, but to have the
matter referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union; and he should
be compelled to ask the suspension of the rules to
allow him to introduce the resolutions. He ac-
cordingly made that motion.
The vote on the motion to suspend the rules
was decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Mosin. Ahbotf, Ashmun, Rarringer, Blancliard?
Milton Brown, Bullinsiton, Bint, William \\. Campbell,
Carroll. John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cohb, Cocke,
Cnllaui'er. Cranston, Crozier, Dars-an, Ganott Davis, Ddano, ;
Dixon, Doekeiv, Edwin H. Ewms, Foot. Gentry, Gidding^, j
Graham, Gndcr, Giuinelh Hale, Harper. Hasun2<s, Hilliard. ,
Ehas B. Holmes, John VV. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, :
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Inkers-oil, Daniel P. ,
Km". Levin. Lewi*, Lonir, Lumpkin, McClelland, Me- |
Gauaiiev, McHenry, Mcllvame. Mar>h, IMiller, Mos-eley, /
Pollock, Ram-ev, Ripley, John xA.. Rockwell, Root, Rank, ,
(Seaman, Severance, Trmnan Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb ,
B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Thihodaux, Benja- j
nun Thompson, Tiiden, Toombs, Tiumbo. Vance, Vintun, ;
Whit«% Wir.throp, Woodruff, Wright, and Young—76. |
KAVS—iNIe-ssrs. Anderson, Atkinson. Bedmger, Benton, j
Jatne> A Black, Bowdori, Bowhn, Boyd. Biockenbiough, -
William G Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Chase, -
Cbinman. Clarke, Collin, Culiniri, Cummin?, Ciinningimm, I
Daniel. D«' Mott, Dou^la^. Dromgoole, Dunlap, Eidman, |
FicklnS, Fo-ter, Giover, Hamlin, H.nalson, Haimaason, i
Henh-v. Hopkins, George 3. Houston, Edmund VV.Huitard, (
Han«er'.oid, Oh.irle^ J. rnseisoll, Jenkins, James H. J.,hn- j
son. Andiew Johnson, G. W. Jones. Kaulman, ^Kennedy, j
Preston Kin*, Lawience. lA'ake, Leffler, Leib, Li^on, j
Mu'-hiv McClean, McClerrumd, McCrafe, McDaniel, Joseph ,
J McDowell, James MeDo.vU. MelCay, John P. Ma.tin, j
Morn-, MouJton. Noiris, Paiusii, Pern 11, Ptriy, Phelps, :
Pili-barv. Rcid. RiUer, Sawtelle. Scammon, Alexander D.
cj,,n^ Leonard H. Suns, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, 1
riwnton" Staikvveatl^er, St. John, Strong. Sjkes, James ■
Tnomp-on. Jacob Thonin-on. Tibbatts, Tredwav, Went-,
worth, Wick. Williams. Wilmot. and Woodworth— d3. !
vSo the rules were not suspended.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve^!
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state ot 1
the Union. i
Mr. WENT WORTH inquired of the Speaker ;
. what was the business first m orderr
■ The SPEAKER stated that the consideration cf
the private hills lying on the Speaker's table was ,
. first m order. '
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence:
A bill for the relief of George B- R.us«ell and
others;
A bill for the relief of Susan Brum;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Gassaway
Watkins, an officer of the Maryland Continental
Line in the war of the Revolution;
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
John B. Chaudoma;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Guess;
A bill for the relief of William Causey;
A bill for the relief of Wilfred Knott;
A bill for the relief of James Williams;
A bill for the relief of Barnard O'JNeil;
A bill for the relief of John Pickett and others;
A joint jesolution for the relief of the heirs of
Stephen Johnson, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the assignees of the late
Bank of Alexandria;
A bill for the relief of the administrators of Jo-
seph Edson, deceased, late marshal of the district
of Vermont;
A hill for the relief of the heirs of Hyacinth
Laselle;
A joint resolution for the settlement of the ac-
counts of Purser G. R. Barry;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Adams;
A bill for the relief of Thomas M. Newell;
A bill for the relief of Henry La Reintree;
A bill for the relief of Harvey Reynolds:
A bill for the relief of Catharine Stevenson;
A bill for the relief of Edith Ramey;
A bill for the relief of Ann Clayton;
A bill for the relief of James Green;
A bill granting a pension to Silas Chatfield;
A bill for the relief of John C. Stewart and
others:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Lawson, deceased;
A bill to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of John Spencer, late receiver of public
moneys at Fort "Wayne, Indiana;
A bill fot the relief of Benjamin Metoyer anil
Francois Gaiennie, deceased;
A hill for the relief of the widow of Elijah Brag"
don, deceased;
A bill for the relief of James H. Conley;
A bill for the relief of William T. Walthall;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Fitch;
A bill for the relief of Thankful Reynolds;
