THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY JBLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1847.
New Series No. 16.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Calkins, widow
of Silas Winans;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Hoyt;
A bill for the relief of John Van Slyck: and
A bill for the relief of Harrison Whitson.
The list of bills on the Speaker's table having
been acted on, a motion was made that the House
do adjourn; which was decided in the negative, no
quoriqn voting.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to adjourn; and there were for adjournment
31), against it 117.
A motion was then made by Mr. DANIEL that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar.
And the question being put, a quorum did not
vote.
A motion to adjourn was again made, and again
rejected.
The vote on going into committee was then
taken by tellers, who reported, in favor of the
motion 86, against it 30.
So the motion prevailed.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Vinton in the chair,)
and proceeded to consider the bills on the private
calendar.
The bills for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Thomas Wishart, of John Ericsson, of the legal
representatives of Simon Spauldmg, deceased, and
of Andrew A. Jones, were taken up; and, on being
severally objected to,
Mr. ROOT moved that thecommittee rise; which
motion prevailing, the committee rose, and the
chairman reported.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House again re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole.
The motion was disagreed to,
And then the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 23, 1847.
The Journal having been read in part, the further
reading was dispensed with.
Mr. A. D. SIMS submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That from and after Monday next the
hour of meeting of this House shall bo eleven
o'clock, a. m.
Objection being made,
Mr. SIMS moved a suspension of the rules, in
order to permit the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. COBI3 demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, were, yeas 08, j
nays 47.
So the rules were suspended.
And the resolution being before the Ifouse,
Mr. RATHBIJJN moved to amend it by striking
outall after the word " resolved," and substituting
a clause fixing the hour of meeting at ten o'clock,
a. ni.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to amend the amend-
ment to the amendment by adding the following
words: " and that all the standing and select com-
mittees be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the business before them." ;
Mr. HAMLIN objected to the amendment to j
the amendment, as being out of order. He asked I
what connexion it had with the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards the amend-
ment to the amendment as relevant. The meetings
of the committees must be dependent oil the hour
of meeting of the House.
The yeas and nays being demanded upon the
amendment to the amendment, were ordered, and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 127.
So the House refused to discharge the standing
and select committees from the farther considera-
tion of the business before them.
The question being then upon the amendment
fixing the hour of meeting at ten o'clock, it was
rejected, by yeas 82, nays 93.
The question was then token on the original
resolution; which was agreed to.
16
POST ROUTES IN TEXAS.
Mr. REED, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred a bill
for the establishment of additional post-routes in
Texas, reported (on leave) the same back to the
House, with an amendment striking out the third
section of the bill.
The bill was then read for information.
Mr. GRINNELL said he, believed that some
of the routes proposed by this bill lay within the
disputed territory. For one, he way disposed to
vole for any route that Texas might ask, if it lay
within the boundaries of that State at the time of
the annexation of Texas to the United States; be-
yond that he did not wish to go.
Mr. WHITE moved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole. Negatived: Yeas 76,
nays 98.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, viz: to strike out
the third section, was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the bill by ad-
ding to the second section the following:
" Provided, That nothing in this act shall be understood
to contain :in expression hv Congress of its opinion to the
question of boundary between the terutory of the United
Slates and Mexico."
/Mr. VINTON addressed the House in support
'pf this amendment. He said that the establish-
ment of custom-houses at Brazos Santiago, a part
of the disputed territory, had been taken by the
President as a ground upon which to found an ex-
cuse for bringing on the present war with Mexico,
and lie desired that a provision might he engrafted
upon this bill guarding against any further claim
of title in said territory by inference.
Mr. PILLSP>URY said he would offer a remark
or two upon oar boundary; which had, unexpect-
edly to him, been introduced m the debate on the
bill for mail routes.
The boundary question had been at length and
ably debated by many members more competent
than himself to do it justice. Some of the assump-
tions, however, of the honorable member from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] were not warranted by the
• facts of the case, well known all over Texas.
He says, in substance, that Mexico had posses-
sion of the disputed territory between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande, and that no matter to whom
it might ultimately be found to belong, possession
alone makes it an act of aggression on the part of
the United States to march an army over one foot
of the teiritoiy.
Now he (Mr. P.) declared to the House, upon
his honor as a representative of Western Texas,
that Texas held, and had all along held, possession
of this territory, only excepting the small town of
Laredo, in which there were a few soldiers; but
nowhere cast of the Rio Grande was any Mexican
force permanently maintained, adequate to keep pos-
session; that Texas was entitled to it by nego-
tiation and by military possession years before the
United States troops marched to Corpus Chrisli;
that no troops of Mcxico had ever held continued
possession (with the trifling exception named)
since he had been a resident of Texas. All at-
tempts at maintaining Mexican posts east of the
Rio Grande, had been frustrated by the Texans,
and the Mexicans driven west of the Rio Grande.
No Mexican force could maintain themselves, as
was frequently attempted; all Texas would have
rushed to arms to drive them back.
There was no desire on the part of Mr. P. to
hurrv the bill through, to avoid discussion. i\o,
he feared no discussion on the subject^ which, by
some gentlemen, was deemed involved in this bill.
His desire to have the bill passed was, because it
was a necessary act of justice to his constituents
and the State of Texas. It appeared to him that
nothing in this bill was new to the House. Day
after day, week after week, had been spent by the
House on the subject which was to-day attempted
to be renewed on this bill, which had already ab-
sorbed the attention of the House, to the almost
entire exclusion of all business. Texas had fur-
nished the theme for the small wits and light debater*
of the House, almost every day of the session.
This was mortifying and painful enough when it
involved no measure of immediate importance to
her citizens. If, however, Mr. Speaker, every
question concerning her interest is to be made the
sport of party, as it seems the intention of a portion
of the House to make it, I would sooner subject
my rights to the despotism of a Turkish sultan,
than be a partaker of such freedom. A bill passed
at an early period of the last session, when Texas
had no representative in either branch of the na-
tional legislature, to renew the contracts und^r the
Republic for carrying the mail. The increased
mail matter, by reason of annexation, and the war
which followed, made it a losing business, and the
contracts, with a few exceptions, could not be re-
newed. All the small routes were abandoned. A
route by water from New Orleans to the same
point now objected to. contained in this bill, had
been established. This, however, had no connex-
ion with Texas, except at the terminus. A bill
passed the House and Senate, at the close of the
last session, containing the route objected to, and
was only lost by a few minutes lequired for the
signatures of the Speakor and Clerk, when the
moment of adjournment arrived. We have had,
for the last year, no mail facilities worthy of the
name. The excitement has been greaterand more
general on the subject, and justly so, in the dis-
trict I represent and throughout the State, than I
have ever known it on any subject during our sep-
arate government. Heretofore it may have grown
(and probably did) out of unavoidable circum-
stances. Should it continue, that apology will no
longer avail. The mail conveniences had been
continued during the darkest days of the repub-
lic of Texas. After becoming a portion of tins
great republic, this deprivation of a customary,
ordinary, but great convenience, is the more keenly
felt.
Texas knew that a large party opposed her ad-
mission into the Union. Had she believed that
aftei admission that party, or a large portion of it,
would continue to harass and oppose all measures
intended to benefit her, for any political purpose
whatever, 1 am free to say they never would have
been troubled with Texas. She would fur sooner
have trusted to the care of her own interests, as she
had so well done, as an independent republic.
Here Mr. GENTRY interposed, (Mr. P. yield-
ing,) and desired to ask a question of the honora-
ble gentleman from Texas. He [Mi. P.] had
made a statement upon bis honor. Certainly such
a statement, thus made, would command his (Mr.
G.'«) implicit confidence; but as the gentfeman
was making the statement in that imposing form,
he desired to understand distinctly what he meant.
He understood him to aver upon his honor, that
Mexico did not have military occupation there,
and that Texas did, or Texas had, extended her
jurisdiction, and superseded the jurisdiction of
'Mexico.
Air. P. replied: I am ready to answer that, or
any other question. I shall never state anything
othei than the truth concerning the interests of my
constituent?, and that tiuth I will maintain ill the
House or elsewhere, or I should be unworthy the
confidence of the constituents I have the honor to
represent. I repeat, that Mexico had no permanent
military force east of the Rio Grande, except what
I have stated already; that Texas had a force at
Cornus Christ! and other points of the frontier set-
tlements, that scoured the whole of the east valley
of the Ilio Grande; that in every case, the ma-
rauding binds that occasionally came on to this
tenitory were driven back by the Texan that
the force so stationed for years were sufficient,
with the aid of the inhabitants who were armed
and ready at a moment's call,/!?r ten long years, to
drive back these marauders, with heavy loss, be-
yond the Rio Grande; that the Tcxans travelled
this country at will, located lands, and exercised
civil jurisdiction in the habited parts, and protected
them bv a sufficient military force.
Here" Mr. G. again interposed with tne remark
that he understood there wad a custom-house at
Brasos Santiago.
Mr. P. admitted that the egre3s and ingress from
