242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Matamoros was i>y Santiago. It was the only
. place where there was a sufficient depth of water.
No force, however, had been maintained there or
at any other of the places mentioned. That they
were never interrupted arose from their insignifi-
cance, and because the policy of the Government
had always been to restrain the people of Texas
from injuring the Mexican population, without
object or advantage, in a national point of view.
Wow, sir, I cannot admit that we have no right
to carry the mail to the Rio Grande. I cannot
pdmit, nor do I believe, that Texas ever intended
to stop short of the Rio Grande. No power short
of one that was able to annihilate her, could make
her retreat from this boundary. This House, this
Congress, and the Executive may attempt it; but
there is a destiny they cannot "change. From
present appearances, before thai act, this question trill
have been settled by a population difficult to dispos-
sess. Texas never would hoie left this boundary
to any iiibitiation, bad notshe rehed upon the jus-
tice of her claim, and upon the strength and mag-
nanimity of the United States to maintain it. S
But, si!-, I have no fears in regard to the issue of
this question. I believe a large majority of the
Government and people of the~United States will
exact from Mexico all for which so much toil,
treasure, and blood, has been expended to pur-
chase.
Should, however, these anticipations fail on ac-
count of the involvement of our interests in great
political movements, ihe introduction of which into
this House lias tin tiled thiougli the South us one
nian if, by the voles of northern Whigs and
northern Democrats, the. compromises of the Con-
stitution aie disiegudcd in respect to territories— j
we shall be sheltered under the greater magnitude
of this solemn question; and wlien the shield of I
the Constitution no longer covers to protect, we
shall be found, with the whole South, reftdy to
protect ourselves, whatever may be the hazard,
and whatever may be the consequences.
The passage of the bill is only an act of sheer
justice, (would appeal to the sympathies of the
House, did I believe such nil emotion could vise
above political expediency. 1 would rather appeal
to the justice of the House not to keep this ordina-
ry and necessary measure bandied about in the
House, a subject ior the jeers and sarcasms of
statesmen on tins floor.
I lepeat, that we know we came info the Union
against the wishes of many gentlemen on this floor,
and the people of many sections of the Union
Being, however, now a .State, we feel that it is due
to out character, to the niotnesfor annexation and
the princely domain oun.itizens icdeemed from soli-
tude and the barbarian, to be ticated as equals of
any State 111 the Confederacy.
Asking no special favois, we are the more em-
boldened to demand justice.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the objection to this
bill seemed to be not to granting the mail facilities
it proposed, but because of.some lurking- design m
regard to the boundary. He was a littleastonished
at the course of argument pursued by the o-entle-
man from Ohio [Mr. VYvtox.] The gentleman
had not, (he said it without intending any disre-
sPe-t>) ln his opinion, aiguecl with that pertinency
and logic which usually characterized lus eftoi ts on
this floor. If he hud reflected for a moment, he
-would have seen how idle and absurd it %vas to
suppose that the mere carrying a mail-route into
a territory, would have any effect, whatever in the
establishment of a boundary between nations
Mr. VIXTON (Mr. D. y,clding) said he did not
mean to he undeistood that this bill would settle
the question if passed. It had nothing to do with
a question of boundary in his opinion. But he
thought it had just as much to do with it, and he
thought tae gentleman from Virginia must admit
it had just as much to do with it, as the establish-
ment of a collection district had. Last year we
had established a collection district at Corpus
Christi, and the Piesident of the United States, in
his annual communication to Congress, had told
xis we had established the boundary and made it
his duty to march the army there.
Mr. DKOMGOOLE resuming, said he sup-
posed that neither the transportation of the mail
nor the establishment of a post-office, or of a cus-
tom-house,. weie conclusive facts in regard to a
boundary, whenever the two nations should see fit
to enter into negotiation respecting it. But admit
tiiat tins is disputed boundary, and tben having
Jan. 23,
the possession of it, we h^e the complete right to
govern the country during that possession, even if
it be a military possession. We have not only the
power to establish post-offices, post-routes, custom-
houses, butto introduce civil governments, not only
on this side of the Rio Grande, but through all the
provinces of Mexico which had been oveirun by
our arms; we had the right to establish govern-
ments during the time we occupy them. None of
these were conclusive; they were mere acts which
we might do because we had possession of the
country.
He, for one, was not prepared to admit that any
country on the eastside of the Rio Grande was now
in dispute. It might have been at one time, if Mexi-
co had consented to negotiate a peace, and the two
countries had established some other boundary.
But repudiating all pacific negotiation on the sub-
ject, she resorted to arms. The country of the
Rio Grande was claimed by Texas; it has been
admitted into theUnitm; and the question ofbound-
ary has now been settled in the mode which Mexi-
co herself preferred. It was settled by the mili-
tary power of the country; and as his friend from
Texas [Mr. Pillsbcry] remarked, it must, forever
remain the boundary.
But, ns he hnd before remarked, the mere ar-
rangement for the transportation of mails, did not
affect the question of boundary in any way what-
ever. No inference could be drawn from it either
favorably or unfavorably, m reference to anv
future settlement of boundary. Why, then, shall
we do anything either affirming or disclaiming, '
unless it be for sume ulteiior purpose^ And the
question was whether the appending the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio would not have a
tendency, instead of leaving it unaffected in any
way, to weaken and prejudice our claim. Wheth-
er it will not operate in some way as a relinquish-
ment of title to the country between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande. j
Mr. VINTON (leave. being given by Mr. D.)
said that, in looking at the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, he saw that the Presi- ,
dent in enumerating the reasons why he felt it his !
duty to move the army of the United States into j
the valley of the Rio Grande, besides referring to j
the fact of our having established a collection dis- '
triet, states that we passed a law establishing a I
post-route west of the Nueces; that was to say, at !
Corpus Christi; and he refers to that as one of the i
reasons which made it his duty to march the army«
of (ho United States forward to the Rio Grande.
Mr. DROMGOOLE continued. It might have,
been a very sufficient reason (he said) for the !
President to move his army there. Why, these
were enumerations made by the President to
stiengthen the movement which he had caused the
army to make. But, in addition to that, the fact
that Texas was admitted with her claim of bound- '
ary was sufficient to have required the President '
to defend that boundary until, by negotiation, or i
in some other wav, a boundary had been estab- i
lished. For the President, not to have done it; to
have declined on the ground that it was not within
our territory, would have been to have assumed
the authority to establish a boundary himself.
They are justifications of the movements and con-
duet of the Executive, and sufficiently so. But I
repeat, while they are sufficient for the Executive
in justification of what he has done, they would
not, if there should hereafter be negotiation on
the subject, affect the pending question of negotia-
tion between the two countries in the least. If
any part of the country which maybe occupied
by our military forces, or over which our mails
may be transported, shall, by future negotiation, be
yielded back to Mexico, why then the mails and
these establishments are discontinued by the very
force and operation of the treaty.
He had stated that the simple authority for the
transportation of the mail would not, on any future
negotiation, affect the question either favorably or
unfavorably; and he was about to inquire, when
he gave way to the gentlemen from Ohio, whether
his proposition would not have some unfavorable i
effect? Was not something meant by this disaver-
ment—this disclaimer of the fact? Would rot the !
fair deduction from such an amendment be to i
weaken our title, when we came to future negotia-
tion, by disclaiming it in part? !
Mr. VINTON. My amendment does not dis- I
claim title. So far from it. I stated that it was my '
object to present such a proposition as woul 1 '
neither affirm nor deny: that is to say, my amend-
ment declares that this act is not to be construed
as an expression of the opinion of Congress upon
the subject. '
Air. DROMGOOLE (continuing) said he was
not maintaining that in words the amendment of the
gentleman did disclaim our title. He was askin 
what would be its effect, and what was the proper
inference to be drawn from it? Why, a simple
arrangement of the mails, as he had said, did riot
:j disclaim title. Why, then, so much solicitude
I: and so much particularity in saying there is to be
!j no expression of opinion as to the right? Jt cer-
'! tainly does admit that it is disputed territory.
:! In this simple post-route bill I would not admit
I any such thing. I do not admit it is in dispute.
;i No: I repeat, that if, in a simple bill bavin"- no
!; reference to a question of boundary, you introduce
a proposition of this kind, the direct inference
is, that you think your title imperfect and weak.
And he should suppose that the gentleman from
Ohio, in fact and in truth, in his heart, did not be-
lieve that the territory between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande belonged to the United States. He
should incline to believe from the gentleman's
course, from his amendment, and from the infer-
ence he drew from it, that were he intrusted with
i the negotiation, he would willingly yield toMexico
j this country. And he asked if they believed that
  any proposition of this kind would have come
: from any member of this House, who believed,
and was determined to maintain, the boundary to
j the Pvio Grande? For one, he went with his friend
! from Texas, never to yield to the establishment of
any boundary this side of the Rio Grande.
i But however the question might be finally ad-
justed, he repeated that the bill itself did not affect
the. question, and that the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio was subject to have
drawn from it the inference that we consider our
title weak, and do not rely upon it; .and, there-
fore, it is better simply to pass the bill, aviidiug all
amendments from which any inference to weaken
our title, could be drawn.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL then rose and said,
that he could not concede that the rights of Texas
should be regarded as involved in tins matter. He
appreciated the delicacy and sensibility of the hon-
orable gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Pii,lsbi;ry;]
but let him understand that, how stern soever may
have, been the opposition to an untimely admission
of Texas into the Union, under circumstances
which necessarily involved the country in a war
with a neighboiing republic, yet that'State, once
admitted, would be grappled to our hearts with
hooks of steel. There was no danger upon that
subject at all. Texas, and all her rights, would
be protected as securely, whatever the risk, as the
' oldest, member of that Confederacy. He begged
I leave to differ from his honorable friend from Vir-
j giniain being drawn into an issue with regard to the
i right to make post roads, or any other provision
j for their army, in the enemy's country. When-
ever an offer was made by the proper committee,
1 or otherwise, to extend the facilities of intercourse
j to their officers and gallant troops now fighting the
| battles of their country abroad, he would not be
, found behind any man there in rendering those
j facilities so soon as they could be made. Tha t
j was not the question. Nobody proposed to carry
! a mail into the heart of Mexico. The limit of its
j devious pathway was to be the border of the Rio
; Grande. It was to be regulated, not by any desire
I to multiply the means of communication between
| the army and its friends at home, not by a deter-
| mination to fix, in premature and arbitrary self-
| will, a boundary which must necessarily await a
period of negotiation atid mutual compromise be-
! fore it could be permanently established. It was
j one of the very questions to be settled by this
desolating war. He believed it had been now intro-
duced for the first time there. "Why, he would ask
the members of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, why had it not been introduced
at an earlier day > Why had it not been contem-
plated in the month of January, 1845, instead of
now, in the month of January, 1847 ? Why wait
till that moment, when they were involved in a war
with Mexico, with complicated questions of vaii-
ous sorts, and amongst others this question of
boundary'
Mr. HOPKINS (of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads) here made a remark which
was not very distinctly heard by the reporter; but
