246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
security be had become, to appear at a prosecution |
instituted against Iiim by the authorities of that i
island for an alleged violation of law; which was !
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, j
Mr. D1X presented a petition from citizens of •
New York, remonstrating against any increase of -
the present rates of postage; which (a bill having !
been repoited on the subject) was laid upon the ,
tahle. J
Also, the memorial of tlie heirs of S. N. Bishop, j
deceased, praying indemnity for French spoliations ■
prior to 1800; which was referred to the select j
committee on that subject. !
Mr. CILLEY presented a petition of citizens of !
Deerfield, New Hampshire, praying the adoption j
of measures for a speedy and peaceful termination ]
of the war with Mexico; winch was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CORWIN presented two petitions of citi- \
zens of Ohio, praying a grant of land to the Zanes- 1 i
vilie and Ataysville Turnpike Road Company, to
aid in the completion of their railroad; which was ,;
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, s
Messis. CAMERON and FAIRFIELD pre- ;
sentcd petitions in favor of the abolition of sla-
very: the motion to receive which was laid on the
table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. !;
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval !'
Affairs, to which was referred the bill-to provide '
for the construction of a dry-dock at Pensacola, for 1
the use of the navy of the United States, reported ■
the same without amendment. !
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill giving the assent of Con-
gress to a change of the compact entered into
between the United States and the State of Arkan- ;
sas upon her admission into the Union, in relation ,
to the salt springs; which was read, and passed to 1
the second reading.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, to '
whom was referred the bill to regulate the appel- !j
late jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the United
States in certain cases, and for other purposes, re- ,
ported it without amendment.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, to whom \\
was referred the bill from the House to establish ;
the Territorial Government of Oregon, reported ,]
the same with several amendments; which were
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further con- ;
sidemtion of resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio !
against the division of that State into two judicial i
districts. I
Mr. MANGUM, from the Committee on Naval |
Affairs, reported a bill directing: the Secretary of
the Navy to purchase from Dr. James P. Espy ,i
Ins patent-right for the conical ventillator for the
use of the United States; which was read, and
passed to the second reading. !
A message was received from the House of Rep- ,
resentatives, by its Clerk, informing the Senate ;
that said House had passed an act to provide for >
the establishment of additional post-routes in the
State of Texas, and sundiy piivate bills and joint
resolutions, m which they requested the concur- i
rence of the Senate.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL VINDICATION OF
THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BENTON asked the indulgence of the Sen- /
ate to make an exposition of the circumstances
under which the President had proposed the ap- ,!
pomtment of a lieutenant general to command the
army m Mexico, and with which appointment his ■
name had become connected. Ithadbeen intimated, '■
lie said, on thelloor of the Senate—hypothetically,
to be suio, but not the less intelligibly and forcibly
on that account—that there might be an ulterior I,
and covert design in the proposition : nothing less ;
than a design on th« past of the President to ap-
point his successor. The Senator from North '
Caroline., [Mr. Ijadgkr,] in his speech on the
lieutenant-general bill, had indulged in that hypo- ■
thesis; and as no supposition could be more un-1-
founded, or more injurious to the President or to
the public service, or could descend from a higher ;
source, and as he (Mr. Blxtux) happened to be ,
in possession of all the facts necessary to the vin- '
dieation of the Piesidcnt, he desired to make an
exposition which would show the supposition to
be unfounded, and would «ave the President's char-
acter and the public service from the injury they
would suffer if the intimation was allowed to go
out uncontradicted from the floor of the Senate.
He asked leave; for, as the bill for the lieutenant
general was laid upon the table, and as he would
not have it taken up, (and would not speak to it if
it was,) and as he did not choose to commit the
irregularity of hanging a speech on some irrelevant
bill, he must throw himself upon the indulgence of
the Senate for leave to make the exposition of facts
which the case required, and which the intimations
of the Senator from North Carolina had rendered
necessary.
Leave was given, and Mr. Benton proceeded—
I feel myself called upon by the remarks of the
Senator from Noith Carolina [Mr. Badger] to
vindicate the President from the unconstitutional
and dangerous design which the hypothetical ob-
servations of that Senator would attribute to him;
and shall do so in the simplest form of narrative,
repeating to the Senate all that has taken place
between the President and myself in relation to
this appointment, and thereby enabling the Senate
and the people to judge of the justice of the accu-
sation.
It was at the beginning of the month of Septem-
ber last, and in the moment that I was about set-
ting out to the West, that the President sent for
me, and informed me that he had done so for the
puipose of offering me a high" appointment. He
named it. It was the mission to France, then be-
coming vacant by the return of the gentleman [Mr.
King, of Alabama] so long an ornament to this
Chamber. I declined the appointment, and for
reasons which had induced me to decline high
appointments from Presidents Jackson and Van
Buren, Mr. Polk was kind enough to ask me to
take time to consider; but I answered him that
there was no need for time; that the answer would
still be the same, after tiny length of consideration;
and so, with thanks for the honor he had done me,
the appointment to the French mission was defini-
tively declined. This was the beginning of Sep-
tember last; so that, at that time, it is certain that
the President could have had no such design as has
been attributed to him by the Senator from North
Carolina—no design to make me his successor, by
virtue of military feats to be performed on the low-
lands or the table land of the republic of Mexico.
On the contrary, a fertile imagination—such as the
Senator from North Carolina so happily possesses
—might have seen, or thought it saw, in this pro-
posed appointment, a sort of political deportation
—something like an exiling and burying in a for-
eign Court—for a purpose the very reverse of what
the Senator from North Carolina has supposed. I
say an inventive imagination might have seen, or
thought it saw, all this. Possessing no such imagi-
nation, I saw no such thing. And taking the offer
in the sense m which it was made, as eminently
honorable in itself, and a signal evidence of the
President's confidence in me, and good will for me,
I made him my thanks for it privately, as I now
do publicly; and the affair was dropped. This, 1
repeat, was at the beginning of September last—
only tinee months before the meeting of Congress;
so that, at that time, it is quite clear the President
had no such momentous and fearful design as the
Senator from North Carolina has attributed to him.
Up to that time—up to the first day of September,
in the year 1846—the republic was safe.
Immediately after refusing the mission to France
I went off to the West, was gone until the month
of November, and had no communication of any
kind, direct or indirect, nor upon any subject
whatever, during my absence, with President
Polk. This makes all safe again for two months
more. I returned to this city m November, where
my family was, and where Congress was soon to
meet. The day after my arrival I called upon the
President; and here we approach the dangerous
ground! For, m that first interview, he actually
asked me my opinion about the future mode of
conducting the Mexican war. For reasons not
proper now to be stated, but of the validity of
which the country wiil some day have an oppor-
tunity of judging, the President saw fit to ask me
my opinion upon the future mode of conducting
the war. This request did not strike me as being
anything strange or unreasonable—either unbe-
coming in him to make, or for me to comply with.
In my Senatorial capacity I was his constitutional
adviser on many great questions, those of peace
and war inclusive. In my political capacity, I
I was the supporter of his Administration, and
j ready to give him my opinion on any subject
( As chairman of the Senate's Committee on Mili-
; tarv Affairs, and accustomed, in that character, to
• communicate on military subjects with all Admin-
j istrations for about a quarter of a century lost
j past, I saw nothing in the nature of the request he
: had made to implicate either of us. lie asked me
j for my opinion as to the future mode of conduct-
! ing the war. I gave it to him, first in speech,
j| face to face, and afterwards in writing. And here
j] it is! [holding up a roll of paper,] for I chose to
! i retain the original for myself, while sending a
;, copy to him. Here it is ! and at the proper time
the public shall see it, but not now; for I do not
J belong to the school that makes publication of
/ plans of campaign—even dead plans—in time of
!j war.
': The President approved the plan: and it so hap-
pened that the nature of the plan required a head
i' to the army—one head to the whole body—to
unite and combine the whole into one harmonious
;j and consistent movement. It so happened, also,
ij that enough was known of the ideas of the two
I, highest in rank of the officers of the army to know
1' that their plans were different; and it is a maxim
j; of fundamental observance in war, that no general
ij is to be required to execute a plan which he disap-
proves* A new commander became indispensable;
ji and as any new major general would be subordi-
nate to all now in commission, the solution of the
i; difficulty lay in the creation of a new rank, supe-
1" rior to that of major general, and inferior to the
i constitutional commander-in-chief. The creation
! of the rank of lieutenant general, as had been done
in the year 1798, at the time, of the expected war
- with France, was the solution of the difficulty.
This rank appeared to be the natural and regular
! derivation from the President's own political and
military character, and the proper connecting link
between him and the army. As President, he was
both the civil head of the Government and the
: military head of the army. He was comnmnder-
■ in-chief of the army and navy, and of the militia or
■ , volunteers when in service. They were all then
.i in service, and in a foreign country. He could not
I, go to Mexico to command in person: paramount
j: duties required him to remain here, tie could not
[' send orders from the closet in this city. That was
I a folly of which there had been no example since the
j! time that the Prince Eugene (of Savoy) wasaccus-
J; tomed to return unopened, at the end of the cam-
,! paigns, all the orders which the Aulic Council was
ij in the habit of sending to him from Vienna.
I The President was bound to command: he could
1 not go to Mexico to command in person; and he
| could not command from Washington. The solu-
i; tion of the difficulty, which reconciled all contra-
, dictions, and permitted the exercise of all duties,
\\ civil and military, was the appointment of a miii-
; tary deputy—a legatus—a locum tenens—a lieu-
^ tenant to take the place of the constitutional com-
;; mander-in-chief in the field; to give orders in his
. name, and to take the responsibility of plans and
i movements, while the generals, at the heads of
v divisions or columns, would only have thereupon-
/ sibihty of execution. This, for reasons too well
> known to requite rehearsal m this chamber, it was
thought would be entirely agreeable to the gen-
erals of highest rank in our army in Mexico; it
would secure their rear at home, and leave them
| free to contend with the enemy in front. It was not
intended to diminish the fighting vocation of the
two generals, but to reconcile and accomplish two
desirable objects, namely, the execution of the
; Piesident's plans, and the release of the major gen-
! emlsfrom responsibility for plans and movements.
This was the view of the office of lieutenant gen-
: era!: as to the proposed officer, there was no breach
i of military rule, law, etiquette, or propriety, in the
■ proposed appointment. The office was original,
and belonged to no person. The President had a
right to nominate, and the Senate to confirm, whom
i they pleased. Personally, I would take no con-
1 cern in it. I only asked the President to make
| known the name intended fgr the place to the mem-
bers of Congress, that all objections to the officer,
ji as well as to the office, should be open to full in-
quiry. 1 forbade my friends to say a word on my
account. I would not say a word for myself. I
, would not even obviate a prominent objection by
reminding any one that, in 1812,1 was the military
; superior of every general now in the service, and
i had a right to have commanded the whole of them
