248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
•fore the committee a requisition in black and white
irom the Secretary of the Treasury to that effect?
and he asked him, moreover, if there wag any new
principle in the bill differing from bills of a similar !
nature? t
Mr. EVANS said, that in reply to the first in- j
quiry of the honorable Senator, whether this bill I
had not been printed to his knowledge two weeks j
ago, he had to tell him no. The bill was laid upon i
the table of the Senate only half an hour ago, and j
was read for the first time in Committee on Friday, j
The Senator also inquired, he believed, whether |
the bill had not been discussed in the House of!
Representative? Though out of order to refer to j
■what had been done in the House of Representa- ]
tives, yet, as the rule was broken every day, and j
as the Senator had now referred to it, he would  
tell him that the bill had not been discussed there
at all; that there had been no opportunity to say a j;
word about it. The next question asked by the ;;
Senator was, i^he did not know it, of his own pei- jj
sonal knowledge, that the treasury was 121 want of
this money, and that the bill must, therefore, be
speedily passed? As to this, he would say that
he could hardly deny it; but he did not think that
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, or the
honorable chairman of the Committee 011 Finance,
ought to offer any such reason for pressing the
measure at this time. The reason why he could
not deny it was, that among the last things he had
said to the Senate at the last session of Congress
was, that the very first bill that they would be
obliged to biing in at this session would be a bill
to borrow money. He foresaw it many months
ago; he predicted it; lie told them they would ha\e
to boirow money. But the gentleman then said
that tiie treasury was provided for; that they had
ample resources to supply their wants until the
month of June no-xt: that they had provided am-
ple means, and that their financial policy w as ^oing
to be most succcssful. But it seemed not to Jia\e
proved so successful as gentlemen supposed; and
therefore, though he was bound to answer that he
did know, for he had foreseen what their neces-
sities would be, yet he did not think it sounded
well as coming from the gentleman on that side,
that the necessities of the Government were so
pressing as not to admit of a moment's delay, and
lie repeated now, what he said then, that this hill
should have been the very first one to be brought
in.
The Secretary of the Ticnsury told them, on the
9th of December last, not that he would be Jikcfv
to be in want of money, but that there would
probably be a deficiency in June next of some
$4,500,000,and that the time to negotiate a part of
the loan would be early in the spiin^, and the res-
idue during the sunmiei or fall. Why could not
the Secretary kno\v, m December, what the means
in the treasury "were, and what they were likely to
be ? Pie whs not of himself of opinion then that ;
the matter could be so deferied,and he had told the 1
chairman of the Committee on Finance, early m !
the session, that his first business was to look out !
for levenue, and begged him to do it. He had ex- i
pressed that opinion on se\er<d occasions, and he 1
would add, tint he thought this bill ought to have '
passed the House of Representatives long before j
this time; but he did not mean to say that it ou^ht ;
to be hurried through here without an opportunity j
to examine it. He did not complain of the hon- 1
orable cha'nman of the Finance Committee, but of |
the general course of business which was allowed !
so to accumulate on their hands th<U it cut off all 1
opportunity for the proper consideiation of im- I
portnnt subjects when piesentcd. All that he I
asked was, to have one day to look into this meas- '
ure. He did not know that the honorable Senator
had asked him any questions which he had not
answered. The Senator, ho\ve\er, had spoken of
something which had been laid before the commit-
tee in black and white, from the Secretary. He
was not to be interrogated as to what he, had seen
from the Seen tary, for he did not consider himself
at liberty to speak of it unless it \#eie communi-
cated to the Senate by the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. NILES said he had hoard, with much sur-
prise, indeed, the immediate consideration of this
Dill so pressing]y ur^ed; a bill of a character so
highly important as the one now under considera-
tion. It was, perhaps, the only financial measure
of the session. It was not merely a loan bill. It
was a bill, by the agency of which the entire oper-
ations of the treasury were to be conducted; it
was, in fact, to supply a currency, to provide a
machinery to supply the place of revenue. The
details of the bill, therefore, became highly im-
portant, and he, for one, wished to examine the
manner in which the financial affairs of the Gov-
ernment were going to be conducted. The prin-
ciple of the measure they all understood; but the
details ought to be closely examined, because upon
them the essential operations of the treasury de-
pended, and he hoped, therefore, it would be delay-
ed one day at least.
Mr. CALHOUN said he regretted exceedingly
to hear that the state of the treasury requiied
prompt action on this bill. He certainly felt dis-
posed to give as prompt aid es any man in the
Senate, in providing for the necessities of the treas-
ury, but he could not agree to take up this bill
to-day. He was, himself, he presumed, in the
same condition as many other Senators. He had
not examined the bill, and the reason why he had
not done so was, that, in regard to all bills which
originated in the other House, he considered it
useless to examine them until their passage through
that body, because, previous to their passage, they
were liable to be amended, and materially changed
in their provisions. He thought it was due to
Senators, upon all sides, that there should be a
postponement of the bill for one day at least; and
his opinion was, that if pushed forward now, it
| would cause much more delay than if suffered to
1 he over for examination for one day. With this
i view, he should vote against the motion of the
i honorable Senator from ALibamu. He hoped,
I however, that the Senator from Alabama would
1 not press his motion.
The question being about to be put on proceed-
ing to the consideration of the bill now—
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ATCHISON said he trusted this bill would
be taken up. From the remarks which had been
made by the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance and by his honorable colleague, it seem-
ed to be a matter of importance that speedy action :
should be had upon the bill, and he agreed entirely ■
with them in this opinion. He presumed that the !
honorable Senator from Alabama would address
the Senate upon the subject, and, if so, the day
would probably be consumed in discussion, and
Senators would have an opportunity of consider-
ing its details and of making up their minds. He
did not deem the passage of the army bill to be a
matter of so great importance, nor did it seem to
be so considered, at this time, m any quaiter of
the Chamber. He could see no objection to taking
tip this bill ai once.
Mr. LEWIS said he thought, there could be no
objection on the part of any Senator to proceed ;
with the consideration of this bill. So far as he 1
knew, there was nothing in its details that could j
give rise to much debate, and he presumed it would 1
not require very protracted consideration. It was j
a mere question as to whether they would vote |
supplies for the prosecution of the war. The bill i
was prepared upon the recommendation of the J
Secretary of the Treasury and the Executive. It !
was their proposed means for anticipating the rev- |
enues of the Government by a loan and the issue !
of treasury notes. If there was anything in the j
details of the bill which would make it very chffi- j
cult to decide, let them be discussed to-day. He !
anticipated nothing of the sort, however; for it was j
simply a question whether they would anticipate j
the icsourees of the Government in the way in !
which the Secretary of the Treasury proposed. i
The yeas and nays were then taken on Mr. !
Lewis's motion, and resulted as follows: j
YE —Mivsis. Allen, Ashley, Atcln-"oa, Atlieiton, Ron- !
ton, r  eesp. Bright, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Colqmit, !
Jhx, t'anfield, H;mnegan, Ifuu«ton, Lewi.", Ma'-on, Ru?k, ;
Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Tiunoy, Westvott, and Yulee—
24. j
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Benien, Butler, Cal- !
lioun, Ctlley, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, 1
CuttHud'.Mi,* Davis, Dayton, Evans, Gieene, Huntington, j
Jam.t^ui, Johnson of Louwana, Mangum, Mjller, Nileb,
Pearce; Simmons, Uphatn, and Woodfondge—24. I
The Presiding Officer voted in the affirmative. |
So the motion was carried, and the Senate pro- !
ceeded to the consideration of the bill as in com-
mittee of the whole.
THE LOAN BILL.
The bill authorizing the issue of treasury notes,
a loan, and for other purposes, was then taken up
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EVANS. I hope it will be read, sir.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, after pausing for
j any amendment that might be offered, announced
1 that if no amendment were offered, the bill would
| be reported to the Senate.
j Mr. EVANS then rose and said that he under-
j stood, from the remarks of the honorable Sen-
j ator from Missouri, that the chairman of the Com-
] mittee on Finance would address the Senate, and
■ give an exposition of the views of the Secretary
j of the Treasury, and explain to the Senate why it
j was that this amount of money was required at a
: period so much earlier than was anticipated on the
j 9th of December last. That he would tell them by
' what means it was that the treasury had become
1 so completely exhausted. This, at least, was ex-
1 pected from those who had charge of the bill, and
: were more nearly connected with it; for they cer-
' tainly could not suppose that Senators were going
1 to vote for it without some such exposition,
! Mr. LEWIS observed that the bill itself mani-
j fested the object contemplated by it. Mr. L. pro-
■ ceedcd to read some of the clauses of the bill, and
■ ended by moving to strike out the proviso to the
I nineteenth section. • *
1 Mr. EVANS. Will the honorable Senator tell
us why he makes that motion ?
| Mr. LEWIS. Because that proviso is ineom-
! patible with the provisions which precede it.
1 Mr. EVANS. Then, I suppose, the Senator
: intends to empower the Secretary of the Treasury
1 to purchase State stock when it is a great deal
1 above par. Is that the purpose?
Mr. LEWIS. To purchase it at its market
value.
Mr. CALHOUN presumed the proviso would
authorize them to purchase it at par if it could not
be obtained under par.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that the incongruity
to which the chairman had referred, arose from the
fact that the bill did not contain the proviso when it
was reported to the House, but that it was added
as an amendment.
Mr. LEWIS here withdrew his amendment.
Mr. NILES then moved to amend the bill, by
striking out from the fourth section, commencing
with the ninth line, the words "borrow from time
to time, not under par, such sums as the President
may think expedient on the credit of such notes,'7
and insert in lieu thereof, exchange the notes
authorized to be issued by this act, not under par,
for such sums of money as the President may
deem expedient."
Mr. LEWIS here made some further remarks,
which, owing to the honorable gentleman's posi-
tion, directly under the gallery, unfortunately were
not heard by the reporter.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said his colleague was
mistaken. There was a provision in the sixteenth
section of the bill which gave the President power
to turn the treasury notes into a loan, or the loan
into treasury notes, as he pleased. The amend-
ment of his colleague was, that he should receive
gold and silver for the notes, so that the holders of
them should be subject to no loss.
Mr. NILES remarked that the s^reat principle of
this bill was, that the notes were not to be parted
with except at par, but authority was contained in
it to hypothecate them for what could be obtain-
ed—perhaps two-thirds of their value. Now, was
that necessary ? He should probably vote for this
bill, because he was unwilling to oppose what
seemed to him to be the only resource of the Gov-
ernment to sustain itself in the present crisis. It
was not, however, such a measure as they had a
right to expect from the source whence it came.
It was the last resource of a nation in extiemitv.
He said these things with no satisfaction; but he
was compelled to say them; and if the war should
continue, how long would it be before they would
be called upon for another twenty-eight million
loan ? For let him remind them that this bill was
not to raise twenty-thiee millions simply: it re-
newed the act of the last session for raising five
millions, and, therefore, amounted to twenty-eight
millions. He never expected to have heard in that
Chamber that the treasury of the United States was
within twenty-four hours of bankruptcy. The
crisis in which they were placed was unprecedent-
ed. They had no adequate revenue, and were
going on without providing any way of increasing
