1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
it. He sBbuld support this measure, therefore,
from necessity—because they could, do nothing
else. Yet he feared that it was fraught with evil
to the currency of the country. They were not
without the lights of experience on this subject;
and, guided by those lights, he predicted that it
would occasion a depression of the currency of the
whole country to a most mischievous extent. In
passing it, they were treasuring up wrath against
the day of wrath; and that day of wrath would
come, and when it came, he feared that they would
not be able to stand.
Mr. J. JVI. CLAYTON said that, Before he
voted on this bill, he should like to have an an-
swer to the question which had been raised by the
honorable Senator from Maine, in regard to the
state of the treasury, and the reasons which ren-
dered the passage of this bill necessary. He pre-
sumed they were all ready to vote supplies for the
Government—that they were all willing and anx-
ious to sustain the honor of the country; but when
a great measure like this was presented to them,
they should know the cause. The bill authorized
the issuing of treasury notes of a denomination so
low as fifties. It was evident, then, that these
notes would enter, to a cifiisiderable extent, .into
the currency of the country, as had been suggested
by the honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Niles.] This, he apprehended, would prove to
be a serious evil; but they were called upon to
meet it, and he thought it due to the Senate that
the Secretary of the Treasury should lay before
them the facts upon which the call for it was
grounded. It was manifest that the bill must have
passed the House of Representatives without
much consideration. The section which had been
alluded to, he was inclined to think, could not have
met with the deliberate sanction of the House. In
common with others, he deplored the fact that they
were to be compelled to pass this measure so
hastily. It did appear to him that this subject was
beset with many great difficulties, and he believed
it would prove to be a failure. He was in favor
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Connecticut. I
Mr. SPEIGHT said he believed that it would i
be recollected that, at the last session of Congress, |
he had expressed his objections to the issuing of
treasury notes if it could be avoided; but, in the
present exigency, and when the only object was to
effect a loan by them, he readily gave up those ob-
jections, and was willing and anxious to afford the
Government every facility for carrying on the war,
as he believed every true patriot should be. And
he was sorry to hear it uttered upon that floor
that the Government was paralyzed and almost re-
duced to bankruptcy. It was not the fact. They
were able to prosecute the war, and able to borrow
money. The people were able and willing to lend
it. He did not approve of the amendment of the
gentleman from Connecticut. He took a different
view of the subject. He believed the gentleman,
by his amendment, would accomplish the very ob-
ject which he was so anxious to avoid. Ho had
heard that this loan could not be effected. Why?
Were they—a powerful and flourishing republic—
reduced to such a state of penury and degradation
that they could not borrow twenty millions of dol-
lars? What had they done that it should come to
this ? He considered all such opinions as foolish-
ness—as amounting to nothing. Let the bill be
Easscd, and he pledged himself the money could
e speedily borrowed, and the Government re-
lieved from embairassment.
Mr. CAMERON said he should vote for this
bill, because it was said by the financial officer of
the Government to be necessary to the immediate
wants of the country; but, before doing so, he
should endeavor to make its details as nearly right
as possible. It was a bill to authorize the issuing
of treasury notes. In other words, we were about
to establish a bank—a great bank of issue, in which
the Government was to be the banker. Being
compelled to adopt this as the only means by which
money could be raised to furnish supplies for the
army, he felt it his duty to urf*e the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] as
one of great importance to the security of the treas-
ury against fraud. His experience of banking ill
Pennsylvania had taught him that the greatest
frauds that had been practised upon the people
arose from the hypothecation, by dishonest officers
and others, of the notes of their own banks. He
could name many instances. The Bank of the
United States would be enough. In the days of its
greatest apparent strength and power, it borrowed
large sums of coin, for which it gave its own notes
—often two for one—as security. The people,
not doubting its solveney, readily gave gold and
silver for those promises to pay. It continued to
make loans upon its stocks in the same manner,
and it pursued this system until its credit was so
much extended, that the whole structure was com-
pelled by its own weight to fall, crushing all who
had not wisdom to run from it. This section, as
constructed, gave the same authority to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to hypothecate its notes. He
had no fear of fraud or mismanagement by the
present head of the treasury—for he had great
confidence in his sagacity, his skill, and his integ-
rity; but he advocated this amendment because it
was his duty as a Senator to aid in making all bills
as nearly perfect as his judgment would permit
him to do. The Bank of the United States, in the
days of its greatest prosperity, had at no time its
own notes in circulation to an amount much over
twenty-four millions tight hundred thousand dollars.
By this bill we shall authorize the emission of
twenty-eight millions. He should vote for this great
increase of paper money with reluctance, for he
saw in its train all the evils of an inflated paper
currency, bringing with it hisrh prices, unwise
speculations, and in the end ruin to many honest
and industrious persons, for the benefit of the
greedy speculators. He said the same system had
been tried in bis State, when her credit was low,
as a means of replenishing their treasury. In-
stead of treasury notes, they were called in Penn-
sylvania " relief notes." About four millions were
issued, based upon a yearly income from the pub-
lic works of about a million. The financiers then
expected much from them; but the notes depre-
ciated, until the amount was reduced. So they
will do here, if the sum issued is greater than the
want of the circulation of the country, or if the
issues are repeated, as the future wants of the
Government may make it necessary; for ill cur-
rency, like every article of commerce, the value is
regulated by the supply and thedemand. Heliad
predicted this state of the treasury at the last ses-
sion, on the discussionofthelinancial question,and
he regretted that his fears had been so soon verified;
but he could not avoid expressing the opinion, that
if the advice had then been taken of his friends and
himself, we should riot now be ill the extremity
which compelled us to resort to this doubtful ex-
pedient. But with him the honor of the country
was above all other considerations. He should
vote for every measure, for every sum that might
be necessary to bring the war to a speedy and hon-
orable termination. The clause in the bill which
he opposed was identical with the clause in the
bill of the.last war, which resulted, as he was in-
formed, in the improvident hypothecation of the
Government paper.
Mr. SEVIER remarked, that it seemed to him
that the gentleman never could forget or forgive
them for repealing the tariff act of 1842. But how
was it that gentlemen should remind them that
they had predicted this very thing? The Senator
from Maine had reminded them that he expected
the bill would have been called for at an earlier hour.
He had told them last year that this state of things
would take place; but that it would take place at
an eailier period. On what ground were all these
predictions based .? On the repeal of the tariff of
1842. Did the gentleman suppose that the people
never read the public documents, and that they
would say that the call for this loan resulted from
the repeal of the tariff of 1842? Did he suppose
that the people of this country, from Maine to the
Rio Grande, were stupid enough to believe that
story? It could not be. Yet they were told that
this defalcation was predicted months ago! He
had sat in that Senate and heard that statement
made, time and time again, but he would put his
mark upon it, and show its utter absurdity. If
the tariff act of 1842 had remained, they would
have found the tieasury precisely as it now was.
Who ever heard of receiving, or expected to re-
ceive, in time of war, funds to carry on the war
from the customs ? Was it so in the last war?
Certainly not. They borrowed a large amount
then. Was it so in the Revolution.? No; they
borrowed extensively then. What Government
had ever existed in time of war without having to
resort to loans.? He knew of none. He thanked
the gentleman for his speech in favor of taxing tea
and coffee, and he hoped he would bring jprward
a proposition to that effect.
With regard to the amendment which had been
offered, Mr. S. looked upofi it as wholly unneces-
sary. There might be some nice distinction be-
tween the words " borrow" and " exchange;" but
the plain English of it was, that the Secretary
should raise the money in a certain way. In what
way? By treasury notes. At what rate? At par.
STow, as to amending the bill, and then being com-
pelled to send it to the House for their concurrence,
thus postponing it for a few days longer, he could
not vote for it. He could see no substantial dif-
ference between the amount proposed and the bill
as it now stood. He was surprised to hear th«
Senator call for the details of the estimates. The
gentleman could, in a few moments, eount over
the articles and decide for himself. AH experience
had shown that treasury notes were preferable to
any other plan. He hoped the bill would be
passed The notes would pass at par in any part
of the country. As to security, the resources of
the whole country were pledged, and besides, they
had a specific pledge—the proceeds of the public
lands. But this even was not necessary. He
would as soon have a treasury note without secu-
rity of either kind. The gentlemen might talk
about the tariff of 1842, but they must console
themselves with the fact that the tariff of 1842 was
dead Ions: «s:o and forever.
Mr. LEWIS said he should not decline replying
to the questions which had been put to him by the
gentleman from Delaware. The committee had
met, and as the result of their deliberations, re-
ported this bill to the Senate. He had no infor-
mation which did not come before that committee.
This call for information was a mere beating about
the bush in order to attack the tariff. The real
object of the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Hun-
tington] was to pour out his tears over the tariff
of JS42. The gentleman from Delaware had a sim-
ilar object. His (Mr. L.'s) reliance for increasing
the revenue was upon the tariff of 1846, together
with a tax upon tea and coffee; and he had no
doubt that they could raise a larger revenue by
these means than would be acquired from any
other sourcc. Though he could not gratify the
gentlemen with precisely the information which
they had called for, he had a little information with
regard to the working of the tariffs of 184'2 and
1846. He had learned from an official source that
there had been an increase of about twenty per
cent, in the revenues under the tariff of 1846 over
the receipts by that of 1842. This had been the
increase up to the 10th January instant, and he
understood that the increase was still going on.
He had anticipated the increasing revenues by pro-
posing to issue treasury notes and negotiate for a
loan. *" Let them contrast the two tariffs, then, and
he would submit it to the gentlemen whether the
tariff of 1846 was not as good as that of 1842. In
regard to the remark of the honorable Senator
from Maine, alluding to a want of foresight in the
Secretary of the Treasury, he would say, it was
not always the case in time of peace that a finan-
cial officer could anticipate their necessities: how
much less could he do it when the country was
engaged in war. The true theory was, that the
means of the Government must be proportioned
to the prospective demands upon the treasury; and
if the Secretary of the Treasury failed to predict
with certainty in legard to the wants of the Gov-
ernment, there was no reason for censuring him.
Mr. EVANS said, if, as intimated, a loan could
be effected, ten millions of treasury notes was the
utmost that should be issued. But it was evident
that a loan could not be obtained. The House of
Representatives did not think so; and the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Lewis] mustdistrust his own
judgment in that matter. Look at the price cur-
rent, and they would see the Government stock
was down to 97J; and yet gentlemen thought that
persons with money in their pocket would come
and give one hundred dollars when the same stock
could be obtained at 97^. And the issue of twenty-
eight millions more of Government stock would
reduce the price still lower.
The Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,] and
those who acted with him, were unwilling to look
back—they were unwilling to be reminded of the
past. Was thatSenator unwilling to have it thought
that we were plunging into difficulties which had
been predicted? He (Mr. E.) did not intend to
say anything about the tariff of 1846. He had
