1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
[Mr. Rathbiin,] but, respected the privileges of the
House generally, overruled the objection.
Mr. HENLEY moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were asked on this motion;
and, being: ordered by the House,
Mr. HENLEY withdrew his motion.
And the question being on the reception of the
resolution as a matter of privilege,
Mr. DROMGOOLE denied that the resolution
involved any question of privilege, and took an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. He said
♦ hat this was a novel mode of trying one of the
heads of department. The gentleman offering this
resolution stated it to be a question of privilege,
but the resolution itself said nothing about the
privileges of the House.
The reading of the resolution being loudly called
for, it was read again.
Mr. DAVIS said he would ask the gentleman
from Virginia if it was not a privilege pertaining
to that House to call upon any of the executive
departments for information in their possession,
and necessary to the House to enable it to act un-
derstandingly on business before it? The resolu-
tion assumed the true state of facts—that informa-
tion of this kind had been asked by the House,
but that the head of the department had refused
or failed to furnish it. Was this no violation of
privilege ?
The CHAIR now stated, that having more care-
fully examined the woiding of the resolution, he
found that it stated nothing oil its face in regard to
the privileges of the House, and did not, in his
judgment, technically involve a question of privi-
lege. The Chair would therefore reverse its for-
mer decision, and now ruled the resolution to be
out of order.
From this decision Mr. DAVIS, in his turn,
appealed.
Mr. D., in supporting his appeal, said that he
had never heard it denied that it was a privilege of
the House to call for information from the depart-
ments, and if the House had the right to make a
call, was it not its privilege to have its call answer-
ed? The resolution was not directed against the
head of any particular department, neither was it
a novel mode, or any other mode, of trying him:
it was a resolution whose object was the assertion
and preservation of the privileges of that House.
The Secretary of the Treasury was an officer of
that House : the treasury was not an executive
department; but it was a department created by
!aw, and by the law of its cieation made responsi-
ble to Congress. And should their own officer—
their creature—having in Ins official possession
information required by the business of the House,
-when that information was called for by the House,
be suffered to refuse to furnish it? And if he did,
was it not a violation of the privileges of the House?
He could not conceivc on what principle this could
be denied. The business of the House had been
obstructed by the refusal or the failure of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to respond to its call: the
resolution proposed to raise a committee of inquiry'
to see whether such a refusal had been made, and
what was the reason for it. The Secretary might
possibly have a full justification of his conduct:
and if he had, this inquiry would bring it out. It
might become necessary to resort to further legis-
lation to secure to the House the obtaining of such
information as it desired. If it was a privilege of
the House to get the information, then surely it
was a question of privilege to ask why it had been
withheld, in order that the House might, if needful,
apply the proper remedy.
After some further conversation—
The CHAIR further explained. This was a
case of failure to comply with a call, and not of
positive refusal. No question of privilege arose
on the face of the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS said he would then modify his res-
olution so as to make it a call upon the Treasury;
and he modified it accordingly, so as to read as
follows :
Resolved, That a select committee of five be
raised to inquire whether the Secretary of the
Treasury has failed or lefuscd to furnish to this
House any infoimation called for by it of him,
and also to inquire into the cause of such failure
or refusal, and that said committee have power to
send for persons and papers, and report to this
House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the question was not
varied by the modification, which confined the in-
quiry to one of the heads of department instead of
making it general. The argument of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] was founded on
a failure to distinguish between the rights of the
House and the delicate question of its privileges.
He admitted that it was a right of the House to
call on the departments for information; and fail-
ure on their part to furnish it was a neglect of duty;
but it was no breach of privilege. If a matter of
this kind was to be pronounced a question of priv-
ilege, what was it that the House had power to
do which might not be converted into a matter of
privilege ?
Mr. D. disclaimed all desire to screen the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or any other head of a de-
partment, in the neglect of duty; nor did he apolo-
gize for the delay in the present case. He was
willing to repeat the call of the House: if after
that the Secretary should stand out, and refuse
the information asked for, he should be prepared
for ulterior measures. But he would not con-
sent to confound questions which were entirely dis-
tinct.
As to the doctrine that the treasury was not an
executive department, he had thought that ques-
tion put at rest when the question was agitated
about the removal of the deposites. It had "at that
time been settled the other way. The aigument
rested on the fact that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was required to report immediately to Con-
gress instead of reporting to the President. But
tills was a mere arrangement of convenience, be-
cause the House had the matter of finance under
its more immediate cognizance; but he contended
that Congress had just the same right to order the
head of any other department to report directly
to itself.
Mr. SCHENCK said he was gratified that the
gentleman from Kentucky had modified his reso-
lution. [He called for the reading of the resolu-
tion as modified, and it was lead accordingly at
the Clerk's table.]
The resolution should not have respect to heads
of department generally; first, because the House
did not know that any other than the Secretary of
the Treasury had refused to obey its call; and,
second, because the Secretary of the Treasury stood
in a relation somewhat different, ho being express-
ly required by law to report to the House; he might
therefore be directly reached, without the inter-
vention of the President.
What was this resolution ? A resolution to in-
quire, by a committee of the House, whether the
Secretary of the Treasury had refused compliance
with its call for information. Why this inquiry,
and why was this a question of privilege? Be-
cause the gentleman from New York [Mr. Rath-
bun] stated—(here Mr. S. referred to the date of
the calls made, &c.;) but not only had these calls
of the House been unheeded, but the gentleman
had stated that he was credibly informed that the
Secretary had declared he would not answer the
calls, or one of them.
Mr. BAYLY said he had not so understood the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. 11ATHBUN said he could not say how re-
liable the information was which he had received;
but he had been told, and from a respectable source,
that the Secretary had said he would not answer
the call till just at the end of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK said this was worse than if he
had said that he would not answer it at all: it was
a miserable evasion.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS said that the Secre-
tary had replied to one ot the calls, and m that
reply he had stated that he had not sufficient force
to reply to the calls made upon him by Congress;
that he would answer as soon as possible; but was
in the meantime complying with what he consid-
ered as more imperious demands in other calls.
Mr. SCHENCK thought, if the Secretary was
so situated, he might have called the attention of
the House to the difficulty of which he complain
ed, and asked it to apply a remedy.
Mr. HENLEY asked what was the question
before the House ? Was the gentleman from Ohio
in order?
The CHAIR said the question was on an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and the gentleman
was m order. .
Mr. SCHENCK said he did not complain at all
of these repeated interruptions. Indeed, hesym-
pathized with the various gentlemen who inter-
rupted him, because it was often the only way in
which he could himself get the floor.
But to resume. If it was true that the Secreta-
ry had said he should not answer the call of the
House till the end of the session, it was worse
than a direct plain refusal; because these calls
were intended to affect the legislation of the House.
To say that he would answer when it would he
too late for the House to act, was to add evasion
and insult to a direct refusal to obey the wilt of
the House. Mr. S. did not say that the Secretary
had said this; but the gentleman from New York
stated it on credible information. But, admit he
had not used such expressions of insult, yet he
had suffered half the session to expire without
taking the least notice of a call of the House. Ad-
mitting that he had explained as to one of the two
calls, yet how did it stand as to that calling for the
names of secret agents employed by his depart-
ment ? What had been the object of the call ? To
ascertain whether agents of this sort had been em-
ployed without the sanction of law; whether they
might not have been employed ostensibly for one
purpose, and yet have served the ends of the Sec-
retary in quite another ? The House had demand-
ed to know who these men were, and where they
were employed. When it knew this, then it could
institute the inquiry here whether there was any
law to warrant their employment. Here was a
purpose of the House to inquire in order that it
might legislate. If the Secretary delayed so long
to answer, was it not equivalent to a refusal ?
In this light the inquiry constituted a question
of privilege. The House asked for certain infor-
mation on which to legislate. The Secretary said
it should not have it. He would withhold from it.
information which might cross his designs.
Mr. RATHBUN stated that the call had not
been in the form of a request, but of a direction.
Mr. SCHENCK said that this removed about
one half of what had been said by the very astute
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] who
put himself, lawyer-like, upon a distinction be-
tween a rule to show cause and a rule, absolute.
But it now appeared that this call was in the shape
of a rule absolute. Could any man doubt that it
was a question of privilege for the House to in-
quire whether its officer had refused to obey the
rule ?
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] said
that the refusal of the Secretary had been made
under bis advice.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is mistaken. I
said no such thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. Did you not? I so under- <
stood you. Mr. S. said that this had not been the
call of an individual member, but of the House of
Representatives of the United States. The Secre-
tary, in refusing to comply with it, had not treated
with disregard and disrespect the resolution of the
member from New York; it was treating with
contumely a branch of the, National Legislature.
The question involved the entire power of that
House to protect itself and to require itself to be
obeyed; Us power to call for and to exact from an
officer of its own, information which he had and
which it wanted. It was not for the Secretary to
judge whether the information was necessary to
the legislation of that House or not; the House
had demanded it; that was sufficient. The House,
when it got the information, would use it or not,
as it pleased; it was none of his business. He had
no right to judge whether the information was irn-
poitaut or not. Mr. S. cared not how frivolous or
unimportant it might be; he cared not whether it
called for the most useless and cumbrous bundle
of statistics that ever was put together, the Secre-
tary was not to judge of that. If the call seemed
to him to be founded in mistake, he might have
respectfully stated his opinion, and asked a recon-
sideration of the call; but as long as the resolution
was not withdrawn, his only duty was to answer
it.
Mr. S. was glad the question had been raised.
He thought that for a long time power had been
gradually stealing away from the legislative^and
centering in the executive department of the Gov-
ernment. He had seen too much oi this at the
last session. Bills had again and again received
their shape from one of the departments, and were
brought in whole into the House, that Congress
miglit register the edicts thus drawn up by author-
ity and prepared ready to receive their seal. Nay
more: not only had this been repeatedly done, but
