256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26.
estate in Oregon under the treaty with Great Brit-
ain, was of a peculiar character. The Hudson Bay
Company had certain rights there. The question
was whether the employees of this company own-
ed lands in their own right, or that the right of
possession so long as they remained on them was
all that was guarantied to them. He would not
give any opinion on this point; but he regarded it
as one which ought to be gravely considered. The
possessors of these lands ahsorbed all the most val-
uable part of the territory near the Columbia river.
The most valuable lands were in British posses-
sion. And what did this bill contemplate? To give
every foot of land to settlers. There was no man
more disposed than he was to favor settlers on our
public lands. He would at all times vote for liber-
al donations, where good reasons were assigned
for the grant. But theie was a provision in this
bill to winch he could never give his consent. He
could never consent to put half-breed Indians, who
never would be American citizens, on an equal
footing with our own citizens. He put it to the
judgment of the Senate to say if this was just.
It was contrary to the policy of all civilized gov-
ernments to permit aliens to own property in the
soil, as if they were citizens. Some of our States,
he was aware, had relaxed their policy, and allow-
ed foreigners to hold lands. But this bill admitted
a class of persons below aliens.
He objected further to the propriety of giving
every half-breed a section of land, when the Gov-
ernment had to pay tc the Indians large sums for
the possession of these lands. Why this liberal
policy was to be introduced in the Territory of
Oregon—why she was to be favored beyond other
unsettled portions of the United States—he was at
a loss to understand.
There were portions of the phraseology, also,
to which he had objection, because their meaning
was not conveyed in a sufficiently clear and definite
form.
Should it be the judgment of the Senate, how-
ever, that the bill should pass, he had done his
duty m presenting his objections, and would wil-
lingly submit.
Mr. PEARCE was about to make some remarks,
when
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the special order.
TREASURY NOTE AND LOAN BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill from the House, authorizing an issue of
treasury notes, or a loan, and for other purposes.
The question pending; being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Niles to the fourth section of the
biiJ—
Mr. WESTCOTT proposed as a substitute for
the amendment, to strike out the woids "or other
persons," in the sixth line of ?*iid section, and also
to strike out the words "not under par," in the
ninth and tenth lines-', and add the following pro-
viso:
"Provided, T'nat no trcaMirv not^s shall be sold or dis-
posed of in any maimer, dneody or niduectly, for any sun)
Ii-ss than the amount of such note*, including the puncipdl
end interest thereon when deposed of."
Mr. NILES accepted the proposition in lieu of
of h 13 own.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that if no amendments
were made, he should still vote for the bill, defect-
ive as he considered it to be. He had examined
this fourth section, and had also looked at the fifth
section of the act of 1814; and although they were
not identically the same, he found a strong analogy
between them. There were some restrictions m
the act of 1814, which weie omitted in this bill.
Every Senator knew personally, or from history,
that dming the last war there was a great depre-
ciation of treasury notes. This caused great alarm*,
but it was accounted for by the peculiar exigencies
of the petiod. He saw nothing in the present as-
pect of affairs to justify a resort, on the part of the
Government, to the paltry and degrading practice
of shaving their own notes. There could be no-
thing m the present war with Mexico, or in any
oilier war, to justify this practice. He was aston-
ished at the statements which had been sent abroad
of the alarming condition of the treasury. If this
wa« done to cieate an impression that the country
was in danger, it should be at once put down.
Persons who could believe such statements must
have very little confidence in our republican insti-
tutions. He was ashamed that any persons could
be found among us to circulate such impressions.
He believed, that if Congress should adjourn with-
out authorizing any loan or any issue of treasury
notes, that the President—even President Polk—-
would be able to raise sufficient means to carry on
the war. He had no idea, therefore, that this bill
was of such vast importance that it must be hur-
ried through without proper deliberation. Could
any one believe that the paltry sum of twenty-
three millions—not equal to the debt of Pennsyl-
vania, or to the capital of some of our railroad
companies—could not be raised? If it was forty
millions, or any amount which the Government
said it was in need of, he saw no difficulty in the
way of its obtamment. The idea of danger to the
country was a mere bugaboo. Still, he would
never permit the officer of the Government at the
head of the Treasury to shave her own paper.
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] whether he in-
tended to address them in regard to the bill this
morning. He inferred, from the fact that he
moved an adjournment last evening, that such was
his intention.
Mr. BADGER replied that he was sorry to per-
ceive that there was an impression existing, in
consequence of the intimation referred to by the
Senator—which had been given in one of the morn-
ing papers, and which he supposed arose from the
mere fact of his having, at a late hour last evening,
made a motion to adjourn—that he intended to
address the Senate this morning. He could only
say that nothing was further from his intention,
for he was not in the habit of speaking upon sub-
jects that he did not understand. Like the poet,
George Coleman, the younger, he would have to
say he never boasted much of his knowledge of
arithmetic. He had no intention, therefore, in this
presence, to take part in discussions upon schemes
of finance. His only purpose in moving the ad-
journment was to get others off the floor, not to
get himself on.
Mr. SPEIGHT stood corrected, and asked if
he had understood the gentleman from Florida as
offering an amendment?
Mr. WESTCOTT replied, that he had offered
his proposition as an amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. SPEIGHT remarked, that although he had
opposed the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut when it was first proposed at the com-
mencement of the session, yet, upon reflection, he
had made up his mind to vote for it, because he
could very little difference between it and the
section of the bill as originally reported. And, as
to the amendment which had just been proposed
by the Senator fiom Florida, he could see no spe-
cial objection to the adoption of that ako. He
should not, therefore, oppose either of them; but,
if gentlemen wished, he hoped they would be
adopted, and the lull passed without delay.
Mr CAMERON called for the reading of the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut, as
modified by the honorable gentleman from Florida,
Mr. Nile** having accepted that amendment.
The question on the adoption of the amendment
as modified, was then taken and agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON" moved to amend the
twenty-first section of the bill, by striking out the
word " six," and inserting in lieu thereof the word
" eighteen;" and in the seventh line of the same
section, after the word " the," to strike out all the
remaining part of the section, and insert the words
" passage of the act.'1 He would give in a word
his reasons for proposing that amendment. By
the second section of the bill, the Secretary of the
Treasury was authorised to issue treasuiy notes,
which should be leimbursable at his discretion for
one or two years, and by their dates respectively.
By the twelfth section, the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury was authorized to issue other notes in lieu of
them when they were redeemed. Were it not,
then, for the proviso which he had proposed, the
authority of the Secretary to issue these notes
would be unlimited. The bill provided no control
over either the Secretary or the President as to the
time of continuing the issue of those notes. It was
perpetual. But this last section of the bill pro-
vided that they should cease at the expiration of
six months after a definitive treaty of peace had
been ratified with Mexico. Now, if it should
happen that upon the last day preceding the rati-
fication of such a treaty, the Secretary should have
on hand a quantity of ihese treasury notes, he
could then reissue them for two years, if he chose;
so that it was in the power of the President of the
United States, or the Secretary of the Treasury,
after the close of the war, to reissue these notes
for two years and six months. Now, he thought
that the better way, if they must have treasury
notes as a circulating medium, would be so to
amend the bill that they should cease authorita-
tively by law when the necessity or supposed ne-
cessity for them ceased. He had therefore pro-
vided by his amendment, that the President of the
United States should have no authority to issue
them after the expiration of eighteen months from
the time of the passage of this act. If, at the ex-
piration of this period, or a considerable part of it,
it should be found that the war continued, and that
the expenses of the Government required that
there should be the authority for a reissue of these
notes, Congress would be in session, and could
confer that power. It seemed to him, therefore,
better that the time should not be unlimited for the
issue of these notes, but that a provision of the
kind which he had suggested should be inserted
in the bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped the gentleman's amend-
ment would not be adopted. The provisions of
the bill had been prepared with the sanction of the
Administration, and he could see no reason for
changing them. The bill, as it now stood, autho-
rized the President to issue treasury notes, redeem-
able in one or two years, at discretion, when others,
in lieu of them, could be issued; and that power
was to cease six months after a treaty of peace
shall have been concluded with Mexico. The
gentleman now proposed to limit the time to eigh-
teen months, and to leave it with another Congress
to authorize the President or the Secretary to re-
issue these notes, if it should be deemed necessary.
Why (he asked) not pass the law, and now autho-
rize the President or the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue all the notes which were neccssary? He
was opposed to the policy of bringing this subject
continually before Congress, asking thfim to fur-
nish the means for prosecuting the war, when, the
Administration only asked for twenty-three mil-
lions in all. He hoped the amendment would not
be adopted, because it was altogether unnecessary.
He would take occasion to remark, that no one
was more desirous than lumself to bring the war
to a speedy and honorable termination. He should
be glad if it could be terminated to-morrow. He
hoped it would be terminated before the new year
was half run out; and then there would be no ne-
cessity for this amendment. He hoped, therefore,
that the Senator would withdraw his amendment,
and let the bill pass in its present shape.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he was well aware
that it was the desire of the President that the bill
should be passed in its present shape. But that
was no reason why they should pass it without
examining its provisions. All that he desired by
his amendment was, that they should place within
their own control 'the reissuing of these notes.
Under the bill, as it now stood, they authorized
the President (and he considered that the exigen-
cies of the country required it) to flood the country
with twenty-eight millions more of these treasury
notes. He could not, therefore, give his consent
to the passn^e of the bill in its present shape.
. Mr. CAMERON was opposed to the amend-
ment; but for reasons quite different from those
which had been suggested by the Senator from
Mississippi. Pie did not propose to lay any obstacle
in the way of the President in prosecuting his
measures for the termination of this war.
Mr. SPEIGHT here asked for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were oidered.
Mr. BAG BY expressed the hope that the amend-
ment would not be adopted. He was opposed to
it because its object was to provide against some
possible evil, but not against any which was ap-
parent or probable. He would not say that the
bill should be adopted without amendment be-
cause it emanated from the Administration, how-
ever. But he believed it should be adopted for a
higher reason. It was not contended by the advo-
cates of these amendments, that any good would
result from them; but it was manifest that much
e\il might be the consequence. In all their move-
ments in regard to the Mexican war, they were
anxious to lay down some definite mark to which
Mexico might expect them to go, and beyond
which they would march no farther. But he was
opposed to the amendment for another reason.
This session of Congress was more than half gone,
and what had they done ? For three or four weeks
