THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1847.
New Series No. 17.
of the session, this body had been engaged in the
discussion of another question of vital importance.
After all this discussion, that bill had been laid
upon the table, and this bill taken up in its place,
and all the scenes which were enacted in regard to
the army bill were to be reenacted over the loan
bill, and in the face of declarations made from day
to day in every part of that Chamber, that every
Senator was prepared to support the Administra-
tion in the prosecution of the war; and he would
not doubt the sincerity of those declarations. Per-
mit him again to ask, what had they done for the
Administration? Had they given them men? No!
Money? No ! And if the course which gentle-
men hail adopted was to be persisted in, the session
would run away without giving the Administration
a single man, or a dollar in money. When the loan
bill was under discussion yesterday, instead of gen-
tlemen confining their attention to the merits of the
bill, what course did they pursue? The whole
world looking on, saw that the measure immediate-
ly before the Senate,and requiring, according to the
critical condition of the country, immediate action,
was merely a masked battery, for getting at—what >
not the condition of the country—not the condition
of the treasury, which they were required to attend
to; but for the purpose of carrying them back to
the tariff of 1842, and to that measure—odious in
the minds of their Opposition friends—the sub-
treasury act. Was that the proper course for them
to adopt, when the interests of the country were
in peril, not to say in jeopardy? Was that the
way in which they were disposed to give the men
and money for the prosecution of the war which
the Administration asked for? Were the gentle-
men in favor of doing it piomptly, and would they,
at the same time, employ their whole time in the
discussion of measures which had already passed
that body—passed in one'of the most memorable
and talented struggles which had ever taken place
upon that floor; and in which debate there was no
man more prominent or talented than the distin-
guished Senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] who
was now in his eye? But that measure was now
disposed of, and gentlemen were spending their
time, not in the consideration of measures which
the immediate wants of the country required. They
were talking about the tariff of '42, and the sub-
treasury—the one of which had been repealed, and
the other become a law. Besides this, the gentle-
man occupied a great deal of time in congratulating
himself upon the fulfilment of his prophecies. It
might be that all these prophecies had been fulfil-
led; but his friend from Maine must know one
thing, that much the larger part of political pro-
phets had to labor day and night for the purpose
of bringing about the fulfilment of any prediction.
Precisely what had-happened would happen in
similar cases. Was it nccessary for the gentleman
from Maine, or the gentleman from Delaware, to
employ their talents in showing that the last
'sands of the treasury were running out? They
all knew it, and they had learned it from higher
authority. The question was not now, whether
the treasury was empty, but how to replenish it.
They all knew that it was empty, or about be-
coming so. All admitted the fact that they wanted
money, but how did they propose to get it? The
only mode was the mode which the Government
had recommended. It was such a mode as indi-
viduals would resort to when in want. If the
Government and its supporters had not advised
the best means of effecting the object, he would
ask the gentlemen who were so strenuous in op-
posing this plan, to bring forward a better one. If
they preferred a direct tax, or would only be satis-
fied with a revival of the tariff of 1842, he would
only say that their hopes were as frail as a spider's
web. The tarilf of 1842 would not be revived—
that of 1846 would not be repealed. Gentlemen
could not expect it. Hence gentlemen would effect
nothing by holding up the benefit of the one, or the
fancied evil of the other. But it could not be that
there would be this difference of opinion if all
hearts were earnestly engaged in the accomplish-
ment of the object before them. Did not gentle-
men see that by advocating the revival of the tariff
17
of 1842 they were engaged upon the wrong side?
Could they be blind to the fact that a struggle had
been going on in all countries in which the sys-
tem of low duties had triumphed, and which was
likely to triumph in this country? Why were
they to accommodate their plans for raising this
loan to the banks and capitalists of this country?
Did banks or capitalists ever furnish loans unless
it was made their interest to do so? He asked
again, if they were to be trammelled in the passage
of this measure at every step? If gentlemen were
to contend that it was fundamentally wrong, why
not bring forward a better one? They would not
give them their plan. He called upon them, in
the name of the country, to let them have theirs.
If the design of gentlemen was to embarrass the
movements of the Administration—to procrastinate
the war—how could they do it more effectually
than by the course thev were pursuing? The Sen-
ator from Connecticut had said that his objection
to the bill was, this power to reissue the notes was
to be for two years and a half after—when ? Did
he know when the war would end ? Did he wish
them to say when, and thus to induce Mexico to
say, " We'll wait till the treasury of the American
Government is exhausted?" That was the effect
of his argument. Was that amendment, then, cal-
culated to answer any portion of the demands of
the public interests? He could not see how. He
hoped, therefore, that this measure would be adopt-
ed without the amendment, and that when it should
have been thus disposed of, that the other impor-
tant measure, the army bill, would be taken up and
promptly disposed of.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Huntington, and decided in the negative
by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Archer, Badger, Berrion, CiHev, Thomas
CU) ron, John M. Cia> ton, Cm win, Ciitrcndeii, Davis, Day-
ton, Evans*, Gi'-eiv. liunt-mjion, Jariia<jin, Johnson ofLou-
isiann, Manguin, Millet, Morehead. Pearee, Phelps, Sim-
mons, ITpham, and Woodbudge—23.
NAYS—Mc^sr^. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Ba<r-
hv, Benton, Breeze, Blight, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron,
Cats, Dix, Fan field, Uannegan, Houston, Lewi^, Mason,
Niles, Ilu-kj Seviei, Speight, Sturgeon, Turncy, Wc^tcott,
and Yulee—23.
Mr. EVANS then addressed the Chair. I venture
to move an amendment, which I have thought 
Mr. I3AGBY. I do not hear the gentleman.
Mr. EVANS. I say I propose an amendment,
though at the same time I run the hazard of incur-
ring the censure of gentlemen on the other side of
the'Chamber. This (he continued) was a bill to
raise a loan by issuing treasury notes, and he be-
lieved had been strongly denounced. It seemed
very important that all bills of this kind should be
very guarded and restricted. He could not say
that the provisions of this bill seemed to him suffi-
ciently guarded and restricted. These treasury
notes were to be redeemable in three different
modes: First, they were payable at maturity;
second, they were then receivable for all public
dues; third, the Secretary was authorized at any
time he pleased to buy them at par. In the treas-
ury note bill of 1837—that original of all treasury
notes—they were not reissuable after redemption;
and great resistance was made at that time to
the proposal of conferring this power upon the
Secretary. At the next session of Congress, he
said, he could not get along without that power,
for he collected all his revenues in treasury notes.
At the second session of Congress, when that
bill was passed, a law was made making them
reissuable when they came in. That was one
[ objection, but the twelfth section of this bill went
| farther than that. In lieu of the notes which
i might be redeemed, it provided that other notes
might be issued; so that the Secretary might re-
issue them under whatever circumstances they
were redeemed; whereas his own purpose was,
that when the Secretary made a redemption of
those notes, involuntarily on his part, he might
have power of issuing them again. It was never
intended to gue him the power of redeeming the
notes out of the treasury, and then reissuing them.
Let them see, then, the danger of the provision.
There was a treasury note then—it might be below i
par—approaching the period of its redemption.
The Secretary of the Treasury might go and pur-
chase that note, and pay it, and put it out the very
next day. Why should he doit? He might at
any time be taking in these notes under the pro-
visions of the 8th and 12th sections taken together,
and the very next day be issuing them again. He
was very willing to give him the power to put
out those notes which might come in through
the custom-house; but he would not give him the
power to purchase them at maturity whenever he
pleased,and put them out the next day. He there-
fore proposed, in the 12th section, to strike out the
word 4< redeemed," and insert the words "received
in payment of public dues prior to their maturity;"
and in the 8th section to strike out the clause
giving the Secretary the power to purchase the
| notes at par. There was no necessity for that par.
j They never would be in a situation to need it; and
I it might put in a power to purchase notes, not
I worth par, if the Secretary wished it, for the sake
| of favoring the holders thereof, and th6n putting
j them out the very next day.
: Mr. CASS said, he rose to express the sincere
j hope, that this bill might be allowed to pass", and
1 that it might be allowed to pass without having
| any other proposition attached to it. The crisis
J of the country was inevitable; and their hesitancy
j to meet it, would injure them both at home and
; abroad. He had this morning taken the trouble
| to compare this act with the acts for a similar pur-
pose of 1814 and 1837; and he might have contin-
ued the investigation with the intermediate acts,
but it was unnecessary; and he found in those acts
substantially the provisions of the present one.
There were some changes, but they were unim-
' poitant, and all the acts went upon the same gen-
eral principles—all guarded the treasury in the
same general way. He repeated the hope, there-
; fore, that this bill might be allowed to pass sub-
stantially as it had passed the House of Represent-
atives. He would remark, that this was a com-
plicated and difficult subject—this subject of the
revenue—this subject of providing for contribu-
tions to the public treasury; it was a vast and
complicated subject, and he was well aware that
they could not propose any bill, in which inge-
nious and able men would not find some prospec-
tive difficulty; some fancied injury to the public.
It was utterly impossible to avoid it. What should
they do, then? Let them go back to the dictates
of experience. They would then see that the loan
was necessary. How should they get it? The
President had told them. There was no man
among them—he had listened with great pleasure
to the remarks of the honorable gentleman from
Maine—there was no man among them who un-
derstood the subject better than he did. It was
utterly impossible that, with his knowledge, he
might not find some difficulty in any bill which
might be proposed. He did not, therefore, hazard
the assertion of saying that some of the objections
of the gentleman from Maine might not be so well
founded that he might not make better. He sub-
| mittcd to gentlemen whether it was not better
i to take the bill as it had stood from 1814 down to
, the present time, than to procrastinate with the
, hope of making a better one. He would not de-
j lay the Senate long; yet there were some remarks
; which he wished to make. A good deal had been
1 said about the levying of a specific tax, to which
i he might refer, feut the Administration was re-
1 sponsible for the loan. They had told them they
| would get it upon terms to which they would wii-
i lingly submit.
j Mr. EVANS. No 1
; Mr. CASS. No, says the honorable gentleman.
! Mr. EVANS. Where do you find it?
1 Mi. CASS. In the terms of the call for it by
the Administration. They might fail to get it, but
■ they had good reason to expect it. Circumstan-
1 ces might,' however, overrule events so that they
I would "not get it. He knew that during the pro-
> o-ress of financial difficulties in England it became
necessary to combine every loan with a specific
; tax. Why? Because that country was overload-
! ed with expenses—in the midst of a tremendous
