260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
What he (Mr. E.) desired was, that the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Finance should tell
from what causes it happened that all the expecta-
tions of the Secretary of the Treasury, on the 9th
of December last, had proved utterly fallacious ?
How was it? Had he obtained as much revenue
as he expected? Certainly no additional appio-
ternal duties were also increased. That Congress ;
exhausted every means of raising revenue before ,
they resorted to the issue of notes. \et the ben- ;
ator from Michigan told them that they had merely ,
to pass this bill, and they would have all they
wanted ! This after they had refused to grant the
request of the Secretary of the Treasury when be ,,
priations 'had been made." There was no greater |i desired other means, and when, after that reiusa , ^
deficit in the treasury than had been expected by j he told them that the publie^cteait wa^
him. How, then, had it happened that they had
fallen short, and that the Senator from Michigan
said he spoke yesterday of the impossibility of
making estimates in such circumstances ? That
was the only thing which he (Mi. E.) had desiied.
He desired the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and others, to say how it was that when
they v.'ete anticipating only so much revenue and
expenditure, they were so altogether wide of the
mark ; Experience was against it, and he desired
to educe from that the natural consequence that no
reliance could be placed in estimates of expendi-
tures for the fiscal year ending June, 1848, and
that these twenty-thiee millions of dollars would i
not be the means sufficient to carry them through, !!
for the purpose of showing gentlemen that it was jj
their duty to provide laigtr means. ;i
Mr. SPEIGHT here begged to interrupt him ;l
for the purpose of reminding him, that this bill T
had not been reported till after the solemn decision
of the other House that no tax would be laid on ;!
tea and coiree.
Mr. EVANS continued. The main purport of
his remarks w-is to snow that they who had the re-
sponsibility should maintain the public credit. He
desired to avert the awful spectacle of prostrated
public credit. But the Senator from Michigan j'
said there was no danger of that. The Adnunis- 1.
tration "sa'd they e-juld get money!" "They j
could set a loan!" When did they ever say so:
He (Mr. E.) would like to see them point to any '!
declarations on the part of the Administration that ;
they could get money by this bill. On tile con- ,j
trary, he found in the'report of the Secretary of the '
Treasury, made at the commencement of the ses- j
sion, there was a distinct averment, that without 1'
danger! The gentleman from Florida [Mr. West-
cott] also thought there was 110 sort of danger
• that the public credit could raise money enough.
| So it could. So he (Mr. E.) had said yesterday,
! provided they used the proper means. i5Ut no
■ government, neither this nor any other, could evei
1 maintain public credit by living on treasury notes
1 —evidences of debt thrown out without the means
'■ of sustaining them or redeeming them. rirst let
! them exhaust their energies in replenishing the
treasury, and then the public credit would be sate,
and would be maintained.
: Mr. WESTCOTT then rose amid general cries
! of " Question," " Question," and said that he had
! seen nothin? to change his opinion.
! The question was then taken on the amendment
1 by yeas and nays, with the following result:,
! Slesvrs. Archer, Bails", Berrien,Cilley,Thomas
Clayton" John M. Clavton, Corwin, Cnttenden, Davis, T)ay-
i ton"Evan*.Greene, Huntington,Jainagm. Jiangum. Miller,
i; Mori-head, I'earce, Phelps, Simmons, Upliam, Webster,
" Wes-tcott, ami Wooilbndgt—24.
N \Ysi—M J-'-rs Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atllerton, Ba?-
hv Bree-e P.ri«ht. Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass Chai- .
mei\- Oix,' Fairfield, Ilannesron. Houston, Lewis, Mason, '
1 « i_ .i   TlllJlOV. fllld VlllCC
which these notes were to pass before they arrived
there was two-fold. First, the creditor would take
these notes from the Government, and then, as an
inducement to hand them over as a permanent
stock, some provision was made for the payment
of the interest on that stock; but he should like
this better if the amount were limited to ten mil-
lions. He believed that was as much as could
possibly be kept out at par in this country. We
I have some data by which we can jud°-e of treas-
; ury notes as a medium by which the Government
I can sustain its credit on the community, and that
j was by applying the same rule to this species of
! currency as to all other. And when they applied
' that rule, which was discovered by the operation
of banking, they would find that the amount was
j less than ten millions that could be kept out under
; such a bill as this. Let any one look over the re-
turns of those banks which issued notes as a cur-
| rency, and it would be seen that in less than sixty
! days, the amount came round. Now, would that
i apply to the Government? They would find that
j the Government was in the receipt of about one
hundred thousand dollars a day, and they must
j provide for absorbing these notes at that rate; if not
i by the ordinary revenue, by a permanent loan,
i He had paid some little attention to this subject
! of a circulating medium when he had a connexion
■ with an institution which,issued notes for circula-
tion, and he knew the fact to be as he had staled it.
' He knew, also, that it was so in relation to the
notes of the New England banks, which were re-
and the same principle
deemed every thirty days; f
ivlies', Ita^k, rfjvici,'Speight, Sturgeon, Tuincy, and Yulee p, evaded in relation to the issue of treasury notes
1 for the last six years. About three or four mil-
Mr. SPEIGHT then ofteied an amendment, the
terms of which were not distintly heard; and, on
Mr. WESTCOTT rising and making some re-
marks in opposition to it,
Mr. SPEIGHT said that to stop speech-making
on the amendment, he would withdraw it.
Mr. SIMMONS moved to amend the 19th sec-
tion as follows:
In tilt! second line of section 19, after the words " of the."
insert " m-a-ury notes winch may bo lsi-ufd, or the ;
' d of tlie seventh line add "treasury notes or;"
after pnvi..„ .... . .
fi-asurv notes or stocks at their market value: Provvtca,
No inoVe th.iu par shall be paid for said trea.,uiy notps or
stock.
The object of his amendment, (said Mr. S.)
was to secure the pledge of the public land for the
interest, as well as the principal of the stock which
the imposition of duties to maintain the public j t(^nm after the word "said
credit, there was danger of very great difficulty - - -• — «<««
in getting this loan! And he (Mr. E.) believed
that, in the communication of the Secretary to the |
Committee of Ways and Moans of the other1}
Hou3C, he hud distinctly said, that without such :
duties, it would be impossible to get such a loan, ji
Now they were fold by the gentleman from Mich- ;;
fo-an that Congress had nothing whatever to do ij
with it. They we;e told so, when the Secretary ;j
of the Treasury himself had made such an an-
nouncement as that to which he (Mr. i£.) had just ,
alluded; and when he asked them to do something |j
to restore the credit of the treasury, and they re- !'
fused to do it, gentlemen still said that the Seere- '
tary could get the loan ! If Congress had the re- I
rsponsibility to incur debts, Congress had also the !
responsibility of obtaining the means to discharge
them; and tf they repudiated the means, they could '■
no? throw the responsibility of liquidation on the
Secretary, mu< h less on those who were to come
after them. The Senator from Michigan said
th.it he had compared the bill with the act of KS14, .
and did not see a great difference. But he did not ,
point out the differences, fie (Mr. E.) believed
that in the act of 1814, there was no authority to
reissue these notes, after they weie redeemed, out !
of the ticasuiy. It seemed to him to be absuid ,,
on the face of jt, that when the Secretary should .!
redeem treasury notes, which he was not bound to '
redeem, that when he voluntarily took them in he ■
should be clothed with authoiity to put them out
again. Why allow the Secretary to have the ■
whole public treasury, raising or reducing the ;
value of the public securities? It was enough if '
they gave him power to reissue those winch he
redeemed by compulsion—if he (Mr. E.) might so
speak—those for which lie did not call. That wa<3
i lions of dollars only could be kept out, that being
| about six or seven weeks' receipts into the tieasury;
j nor could more be kept out without some provision
for their absorption.
There was, however, here a distinction which
! did not apply to banks. These notes bear inter-
i est, which was an inducement to the holder to
; retain them, which did not exist in reference to
! those that bote no interest. lie knew that the
I banks in the State of Rhode Island, in 1837, issued
j a circulation which was taken everywhere in the
■ payment of debts, and thus they were kept in cir-
! culation. It was provided that if the banks refused
I to take them, the holders of those notes should
hold them on interest. Some of the banks sup-
1 at the
in the
  insert "treasury notes
or*"'and in the eleventh line, after the word " said " insert
<• tren-uiv notes or;" so that the section would ri ad as fol-
10 Set. 19. Jind be it further enacted, That for the payment
nf'thp tiea-un notes winch mny be issued, or the stock . --- -v —  . „ ■
winch m'iv b- created under tiie. provWonp of this act. \\ posing there was no particular necessity for specie,
     ' " " ! refused to redeem them, and they went down; and
herebv made the datv ot the fwremtj 01 me treasury 10 wag nQt unti| tlley were compelled to keep up
and AWlv ll mo ?r || ^ jwn|es t0 the ordinary standard of the cur-
rency, that they could be maintained. One hun-
tho "ile-. of the public lands aro heieby pledged ; and it is
horcbv made the dutv of the Feererat \ of the Treasury to
)!v nl! money-' which m:iv be lpeeived into the i
trcrwi'V to: the «ah*s of the puhhe hmd« after the first dny of |
J.umarv, n !ucen bundled and foity-eight, fir^t, to pay the  ,
K)teie«t on ail tre.isui v notes oi Mock.* i-5-ucd bv virtue of n ^ref] thousand dollars a day was about the amount
this act; and. secondly, to n-o the balance of >a:d receipts. ■'0f receipts of this Government, and that was
after psvfn# the interest afore,ald. in the p.,.cba«e of said .j notgnfficie(Jt t0 keop this amount of treasury notes
in circulation. If they meant ro do it, they should
provide some substantial means other than any
now proposed. As to the idea of keeping twenty-
eisht millions in ciiculation, it was the most idle
scheme ever put by the wildest financier on the
it was proposed to create by this hill. Some such \ \ country, with the icfeaof keeping them at par. He
1 1 . ill   „££*.. -1 1_ _ 1! .1   «.. r. rKcnA.ind f A /inmnol tllA
him to be indispensable to keep up the credit of paid in treasury notes they would get no interest,
the Government; and to effect this object, he ; He believed it to be their duty to provide, as far
thought some means should be provided for the ; as they could, the means to absorb these notes,
occasional jedemption or purchase of these treas- 1   '
enough. But it seemed to hnn that the reference
to the policy of 1814 murht have suggested another '
thing to the honorable Senator. What did that
Congress do? Did they leduee duties5 Was,
there any idea that the lower the duties the more
the revenue? He believed that in J814 the duties
were doubled.
Mr. SIMMONS, (in his seat.) They were
called u double duties."
Mr. EVAiNS. That was the way in which that
Congress maintained the public credit: and the i.\-
ury notes—but certainly there should be some
security for the payment of the interest. "What
was the character of the circulating medium pro-
posed by this lull, and what were the means of its
redemption, were questions to which he desired to
call the attention of the Senate. There were no
means here provided, except that these notes were
receivable in payment of public dues. He had no
doubt that a moderate amount of treasury notes
might he kept in good credit simply by being re-
ceivable in payment for public dues; but the%um
here proposed was vastly disproportioned to any
demand for treasury notes for such a purpose,
and therefore some means were required to absorb
them. He thought there should be at least five
million per annum appropriated for the absorption
of such a debt (o keep it at par in the community,
' This bill proposed a permanent stock of twenty
j" years, which would be, as it always was, an article
' of sale—going up sixteen per cent, above, or down
below par—over which the Government would
i have no control; but treasury notes, by their very
;, character, could be made similar to the circuladon
i1 of the country, and it would be destructive to them
I if they were not kept at par, besides being an in-
; jury to the public creditor and to the credit of the
,, country. He wished, therefore, a special provis-
ji ion to be put into this bill, to provide for the re-
ii ceipt of treasury notes for land sales, and let those
!! who invest money in this stock rely on the ordi-
■ nary means of the Government.
■ Every amendment, however, which had been
!| suggested, had been looked upon by gentlemen on
the other side as designed to delay the passage of
this bill; and they had been scolded by several
' - J • . ■ .   -A T-J., 1-. r>
and ho should cheerfully vote for some measure to gentlemen for proposing to improve it. He had
effect that object. He wished the Senator from '! not sus£ested any amendment that he diu riot
Mississippi [Mr. Speight,] would make such a |i deem necessary to the successful working of this
proposition! ft should have his support. There || measure. The one he had now su^ested, he be-
was m this bill a plan proposed for the creation of ;i lieved was an improvement, though tt was by no
a slock, as he understood, but the process through il means an adequate provision
lie would go with
