1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Speight,] for
any measure which would place at the disposal
of the Secretary of the Treasury sufficient means
to keep these notes at par. The Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] when he was up a few
minutes since, seemed to make great complaint that
this bill was delayed beyond yesterday, and he
thought it was likely to be delayed beyond to-day.
Now he (Mr. S.) regarded this as one of the most
important measures that had been brought forward
since he had had the honor of a seat there. It goes
into our system of finance and financial policy on
a larger and more dangerous scale than any he had
ever known to be introduced. The Secretary of
the Treasury said, some six weeks ago, that he
could not negotiate a loan without more adequate
provision for revenue; and yet the Senator from
Michigan now told them he was authorized to say
that the Adminlstratio'i could obtain this loan,
Mr. CASS dissented.
Mr. SIMMONS so understood the honorable
Senator, that he knew the loan could be obtained.
[Mr. CASS was understood to assent to that,
but not to the assertion, that he was authorized to
make any statement.]
Well, (said Mr. S.,) they were told distinctly last
year, when they were called upon to vote hastily for
an issue of treasury notes, by the Senators opposite,
that they should let the friends of the Administra-
tion carry on the Government in their own way—
the Administration was satisfied that the means
provided would carry them on to the 30th of June,
1847; and why, said Senators, do you wish them
to have more? Why, there were many of those
who professed to understand the subject, who did
not believe these means were adequate. Senators
now saw that the means were not sufficient, and
why,then, should they be charged with attempting
to embarrass the Administration, by delaying Us
measures, when they simply sought to make them
answer the purposes of the Administration ? He
did not, he confessed, see why the Senator from
Michigan could regard their action as giving the
impression to Mexico-, that they were halting, in
regard to the prosecution of this war. He had
seen no hesitation on the part of Congress. That
Senator said, they had been some weeks in ses-
sion, and, as yet, there was not a dollar, nor a
man, provided for the war. Had that Senator for-
gotten that they had provided bounties for soldiers;
and that they had been informed, that it had been
the means of inhsting many men ? That was one
way to carry on the war, and it was found to be
successful. This measure was not, as he had un-
derstood yesterday, the measure of the department
by which means it desired to carry on the Govern-
ment; and, therefore, it behooved them to make it
as perfect as possible.
There was an allusion made yesterday to the
financial system, as it was called, of the Secretary
of the Treasury; and the Senator who made it
challenged a comparison of that system with the
system "which it superseded. To that he should
now allude, merely for the purpose of correcting a
wrong impression which had been created, that the
revenue system of 1842 was in a declining state,
and that it was an inadequate system. That was
uro-ed here by every gentleman who spoke in de-
fence of the new system. Now, he wished to call
attention to the amount of imports under that sys-
tem for the last three years, and every year of its
operation, to see how they could reconcile it with
the declaration of Senators and the Secretary of
the Treasury, in relation to that measure.
The Secretary of the Tieasury, ixi his annual re-
port, spoke of it as "declining," and said that "this
* decline was progressive, and arose from the pro-
4 hibitory character of the specific duties as proved
4 by the table thereto annexed." He further said:
" As the specific duties, in their practical operation,
4 were becoming every day more prohibitory, the
' revenue under the tariff of 1842 must have con-
* tinued to sink so rapidly as soon to have caused
* a great deficit in time of peace, and thus have
4 required ultimately a resort to direct taxes or
' excises to support the Government." The pro-
hibitory character of that bill was characterized in
strong language; but while the Secretary was giv-
ing them that statement, what said the tables to
which he referred them? He would refer to them
to correct the impression which the Secretary's
report might create. He would read the amount
of imports, which he found in 1844 to have been
eighty-three millions; in 1845 they were ninety-
five millions; and in 1846 they were ninety-six
millions, in round numbers; being a continued in-
crease from the passage of the act down to the
present time. And as to the specific duties, which
were marked out by the Secretary as so prohibi-
tory, that a resort to direct taxation would have
become necessary, how stood the facts? In 1844
they were thirty-one millions, (leaving out the odd
thousands;) in 1845 they were thirty-four millions;
and in 1846 they were thirty-six millions; there
also being a continued increase from the passage
of the bill until it was repealed. Such was the
operation of an act which the Secretary of the
Treasury represented as threatening to lead to di-
rect taxes in time of peace; and for this a system
was substituted on the principle that low duties
produced more revenue. His principal purpose
was to call the attention of the Senate to this mat-
ter. He hoped, in conclusion, the Senator from
Mississippi would permit the amendment which he
had offered, to be made; and, also, that he would
make some fuither provision of means to sustain
the credit of these notes.
Mr. SPEIGHT did not conceive that anything
more than the faith of this great nation was neces-
sary to give currency to these notes. The notes
would take care of themselves. The land was
pledged to redeem the stock. The Senator had
put a question to him. and he would answer it, in
the peculiar manner of that section of the country
from which that Senator camc, by asking another:
If an amendment were proposed to impose a tax
on tea and coffee, would the Senator from Rhode
Island vote for it ?
Mr. SIMMONS said, coupled with others, he
would, to raise revenue. He believed such taxes
ought to be imposed. He desired to know if the
Senator from Mississippi would vote forit>
Mr. N1LES concurred in the object which the
Senator from Rhode Island had in view; which,
as he understood it, was to keep up the credit of
these treasury notes. That was a desirable object
in every point of view. It was an object which
involved considerations of justice. They should
therefore shape this hill in such a way as would
sustain their credit. The main consideration which
could support the credit of these notes was their
receivabihty for public dues. That, as the Sena-
tor had remarked, would sustain the credit of a
certain portion of them. What that portion would
be he could not now say; but it would be less than
the amount of their annual revenues. There was
something else, too, by which the credit of these
bills was to be maintained; and that was the au-
thority given to the holder to convert them into
stock, which would be an absorbent, and tend to
take them out of the market, for notes converted
into stock were not to be reissued. But a difficul-
ty in his mind was, whether the notes would be
converted into stock. The Senator from Maine
yesterday thought not, because our stock would be
at a depreciation. Now he conceived that those
who looked ahead to the end of this war would
have the sagacity to see, that though this stock
may be below par in the market, it was at par at
all times for their purposes, and that at the close
of the war the stock would appreciate in the mar-
ket. As these stocks would be productive of larger
interest to the holders, he rather thought these
notes would be funded to a considerable amount,
but he nevertheless thought it was desirable to
sustain their credit hy the best means that could
be afforded them. But what was the proposition
of the Senator from Rhode Island ? He proposed,
for fear that the notes would not sustain their
credit, that the security of the public lands should
be extended to them as well as to the stock. And
what would be the operation of this? Why it
would take away one inducement to fund them,
by placing: them on the same ground as the stock
was placer! upon. As the bill now stands, those
whofchold them will have a motive to convert them
into stock, and he was therefore inclined to think
i it was better as it is.
! Mr. WESTCOTT rose and said he desired to
move to strike out the whole nineteenth section.
Mr. SIMMONS then would withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT then moved to strike out the
nineteenth section. He objected to the Govern-
| ment becoming a paper bank, and to its turning the
i treasury into a pawnbroker s machine. This, he
! believed, was the first time since the establishment
1 of the Government that an attempt had been made
to pawn the public property for any purpose what-
ever, and he was opposed to its being done now.
He thought it was sufficient to pledge the faith of
the nation, and if that was not sufficient, no pledge
of the public property would be effectual. He
called the attention of the Senator" from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] to this subject; and he called
upon that Senator to consider whether such a
pledge of the public lands would preclude the giving
of bounty lands to the soldiers; and whether, when
they again took up the army bill, and attempted to
give such bounties, they would not be met with
this pledge as precluding the giving of such boun-
ties without a violation of the public faith. He
pointed out several other objections to the section,
contended that the notes should be transferable on
delivery alone, pointed out several incongruities,
and objected to the whole section as a humbug.
The question was then taken on his amendment,
and it was negatived.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved the following
amendment:
Add at the. end of tlie nineteenth eection:
"Provided, That nothing in this section contained shall be
untkr. rood to depuve Oonguvs ot the power to grant boun-
ties in land for mihtaiy setviccs."
Mr. C. feared the bill, as it stood, might be con-
strued to prevent the giving of bounty lands, which
he thought it wise to reserve to the Government.
Mr. SEVIER said they never had been prevent-
ed cither lowering or changing the price of the
lands, or making donations to the new States, and
he hoped the amendment would be withdrawn.
Mr. BREESE reminded the Senator from Ken-
tucky of the course pursued in relation to the
pledges of public land both in the revolutionary
and in the last war, during which time liberal boun-
ties were given to the soldiers, as well as dona-
tions to the States, and the passage of preemption
laws. He objected more particularly to this amend-
ment, because while it reserved power on one sub-
ject, it would be construed as excluding any other
disposition of the lands.
Mr. CALHOUN very briefly expressed the
same views.
Mr. CHALMERS desired to give land to the
soldier, and therefore he should vote against this
amendment.
Mr. ALLEN said he should vote against this
amendment; but he did not mean by this to be
understood as being opposed to the making of do-
nations to the soldier. He should vote against the
amendment—then for the bill, then for the gradua-
tion bill, then for the preemption bill,and for such
bills, at the proper times, as should make dona-
tions, according to the practice of this Government,
of lands to new States, and for every other meas-
ure which shall have the effcct of settling the land
most speedily by an industrious population.
Mr, CRITTENDEN asked for the yeas and
riays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas"23, nays 25, as follows:
i'KAS—Mff'M'i. Barigei, JJeirien, Canicnon, Cilley, T.
rinvton, John M. Clayton, Oorvvin, Crittenden, Davie, Day-
Ion," Evans, Greene. Huntington, Jarnagin, Manpum, Miller,
Morehrad, Peaice,'Phelps, Husk, Simmons, Upiiam, and
Webster — 23.
NA\ry—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
lon, Baubv. flenfon, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cn*s,
Ch.ifmet^ Di.v Fan field, llanne«an, Houston, Lewis, Ma-
son, Nilos, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—
There being 110 further amendment, the bill was
reported to tlie Senate; and the question recurred
on concurring in the amendments made as in com-
mittee of the whole—fhst, on striking out the words
" all other persons."
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
the question of concurrence, and they were or-
; dcred.
| Mr. CAMERON said he voted for this amend-
I ment in committee of the whole, but he should now
I vote to disagree, with a view to hurry the bill
; through, and in the expectation that the amend-
! ment could be provided for in some other bill.
After a few words from Mr. CALHOUN and
| Mr. CASS, tlie amendment was non-concurred in
; —yeas 23, nays 96, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Cilley, Thomas
Ckutnn, John M. Clavton, Coiwin, Crittenden, Davis. Day-
II ron* Evans, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagin. Manguni, Miller,
!| Morehead, Peaiee, Phelps, Simmons, Uphani, YVe.--tcoU,
jj and Woodbridge—23 .
N VYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atlierton, Bag-
1 bv Benton, Breese, Blight, Butler, Calhoun,Cameron. Cass,
I! Chalmers, Dix, Fairfield, Hiuinesan, Houston, Lewis, Ma-
ll son, Wiles. Rusk, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, and
l! Yulee—20.
