1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
brother, he was dear, disease laid its withering
hand upon him, and now his dust is mingling llself
with that of his brother braves, in the humble cem-
etery on the banks of the Rio Grande. And there,
too, reposes the dust of many a gallant son of In-
diana, both known and unknown to me. Sleep on,
my braves! Lost you may be to friends an,d kin-
dred; but your memory is with them. Lost you
may be to lioine and hearth; but your Maker,
God, will find you.
Mr. Chairman, this bill will, in some shape, be-
come a law. It must pass the ordeal of senatorial
consideration, after we shall have passed it. I hope
the result of that ordeal will not be to make it less
favorable to those for whose benefit it is intended
than it now is. By its provisions a necessity for
increased taxation is not created, for it exists inde-
pendent of this bill; but such necessity is, by this
measure of justice and policy, made more immi-
nent and pressing; and it becomes our duty to
think of this. I am persuaded that, while our con-
stituents expect us to pass this bill, they also expect
us to provide against an empty'treasury at this
juncture, and against the creation of an unwieldy
public debt at exorbitant interest. I am quite sure
they will not thank us for keeping our hands out
of their pockets, while our army is likely to sutler
the prosecution of the war to become languid, and
our national obligations to be hawked around the
world's market, at a discount, like a prodigal's
note-of-hand.
At an early day of the present session we were
informed by the Executive, and more specifically
by the Secretary of the Treasury, (whose special
function it is to notify us of the existing and prox-
imate wants of the Government,) that to carry on
the war and sustain the public credit, a resort to
further taxation would be necessary; and a duty
upon the free, list was recommended, as being the
most certain and tangible mode of raising the de-
sired amount. How has this recommendation
been treated here? Has it been considered ? Not
a bit of it. It was cavalierly voted down—-voted
down, sir! It died and was buried, unwept, un-
sung, and without funeral oration. It was done
for in such hot haste that I heard not that it was
in the hands of the executioner till its head was
off. The honorable member from Illinois intro- i
duced a resolution declaring against the measure,
and it was adopted sans ceremonie. j
Sir, it was in excellent taste for this resolution I
to come from the honorable member from Illinois.
It was natural and proper that other honorable
members should stand back, and invest him with
the pontificals on the occasion of the sacrifice of !
this Executive call for support. Why? Yerily, |
because of his remarkable economy as a legislator! i
Now, one of those honorable members, whose
names are literally stereotyped into our journals
and the newspapers of the day, as a mover of all !
sorts of profligate and useless expenditure—such,
for instance, as the honorable chairman of the I
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. McKay,] i
or the honorable member from Kentucky near me, !
[Mr. Born,]—could not have brought forward and '
sustained the resolution with a good grace, because i
the legislator who votes for ifree expenditure, is ;
also bound to vote for free, or rather high taxation, j
in order to raise the means wherewith to be prod- i
igal. i
Oh, sir, what a delightful task it is to be a mem-
ber of this House, pocket a long mileage and per
diem, and vote for expenditures of public money,
and against taxation to raise the means to meet it.
Superb! Oh ! how the people will love, admire,
and look up to, such a legislator! Sir, I knew a
legislator of this stamp long ago. He served twen-
ty-one consecutive years ill a State Legislature,
till he was too old to serve any longer. He was
asked how he managed to sustain himself so long.
He said his art was a secret, hut he would com-
municate it out of great good will to his friend.
He said: " Never do you tell anybody. Ihaveapat-
' ent for the discovery. The people are fools. They
' do not see but what a great deal of public money may
' be expended, without a corresponding incrertse oftax-
' alion. I altoays voted for enlarged expenditure, and
' against any increase of taxation." I
Sir, I am of opinion that the heirs of the old \
gentleman could well maintain an action against i
some of us for a violation of his patent. \
The objection to the tax recommended by the j
President and Secretary of the Treasury, which [ :
have heard most frequently, and I am persuaded
the most sincerely urged, is, that tea and coffee are I
included in the free list, and you are afraid the !
ladies of the country will rise up in defence of
their tea and coffee pots. Ah! shame. You un-
dervalue the ladies. You asked them for their
sons, brothers, husbands, and lovers, to go, and
endure the weary march and the restraints of mili-
tary life, to hazard the copper shot and spears of
the Mexicans, and to march up to their batteries,
and they gave them to you. They sat up the long
night, and plied the busy needle, to prepare the
outfit of their loved ones, and as they marched
away to the Rio Grande, they cheered them on to
duty and to gbry. And now you are afraid to
increase the price of their coffee a cent-and-a-lialf a
pound, and of their tea accordingly, for fear they
may excite a mutiny in your political camps, and
you be left at home to make your livings by your
farms, your trades, or your professions. Ah.'
Bah! you do not understand the ladies of our
country—or else I do not. Are you statesmen,
willing to encounter proper responsibility, and, if
need be, retire, for a time, from public life, to come
up again stronger than ever in the confidence of
your constituencies - Or are you merely small-
potato politicians, living upon the ephemeral popu-
lar impulses of the moment, and eight dollais a
day ?
I have heard from other quarters the suggestion
that the needful amount could be raised more equi-
tably by ail increase of the general ratio of taxa-
tion fixed by the tariff of 1846, and this suggestion
has come partly from the Opposition side of the
House, and partly from members on this side of
the House, who either voted against the tariff of
1846, or voted for it with a discontent and grudg-
ing, probably better understood here than among
their constituents. In either of the three cases the
thing is transparent. There is a desire to bring
into this Hall, and into the legislation of the coun-
try, in the guise of a revenue measure, the putrid
carcass of that tricky jade—that Federal stalking
horse, " in days of yore, when sense did snore,"
yclepcd Protection.
Sir, the idea is absurd, with a reference to rev-
enue. Already is your tariff of 184G disproving
the howlnigs of a thousand stump declaimers, and
the jcreiniades of a thousand false prophets, here,
and elsewhere, by producing an increased revenue,
thereby justifying the wisdom of the accomplished
political'economist who suggested its principal de-
tails, and sustaining the judgment of those by
whose votes it became a law, and demonstrating,
as nearly as such matters can be demonstrated,
that its details are well adjusted to produce the
largest amount of revenue.
From other quarters we have had propositions
for a resort to that old Federal measure, direct
taxation! Yes, sir, direct taxation ! Hear it, ye
dwellers in our free and happy land ! Some of
your legislators, rather than add tea and coffee to
the list°of dutiable articles, would bring on you
direct taxation, with all its Federal reminiscences,
and its paraphernalia of executive patronage, its
million of collectors and other officials scattered
over the land, sticking their noses into your houses
to take inventories ot your goods, chattels, rights,
and credits! Yes, gentlemen, you must walk up
and be sworn as to your bank and other stock--,
your money at interest, your watches, carriages
and horses, distilleries, &c., and your wives and
daughters must be sworn before Uncle Sam's
gauger, and give in inventories of their earrings,
pins, and lockets, and other bijouterie, the souve-
nirs of their brothers, husbands, or lovers, or de-
scended as heirlooms from their great-grandmo-
thers. All this you must submit to, rather than
pay one-fifih more than you now do for your tea
and coffee. .
J Mr. Chairman, at the last session, and at the
1 present one, 1 have sat at my desk, and heard spc-
! ci$ts propositions brought forward for the taxation
i of certain articles indicating luxury, or wealth, or
I both, in the possessor, such as I have enumerated.
! I waited, expecting my elders and betters to ex-
I pose these movements, by holding them up before
1 the country and the House for what they are—
1 direct taxation. It is true that the honorable and
I well-inforined movers of these propositions did not
| accompany these motions by any provisions for the
appointment of the necessary million of gangers,
excisemen, appraisers, commissioners, collectors,
&c.- but all the worlfl knows that without them
direct taxes cannot be collected, and consequently
the honorable movers of such propositions must
be presumed to have had in their desks, ready pre-
pared, a draft of a hill, providing for these officers
and their salaries, to be introduced after the ex-
pected adoption of their propositions for direct
taxation. Humbug! thou art a science, and thy
professors are many.
Sir, it woufd, perhaps, ill become me, not a very
old man, nor yet an old member of this House, nor
even a very old member of the Democratic party,
to characterize all this legislative fumbling as mere
pretext—pretence—a dodging of responsibility—
political and moral cowardice and treachery. It
would be disorderly for me to do so. But this I
will say; this Congress and this House, at con-
triving how to agree to disagree, to " go around
and around Robin Hood's barn, and come in at
the back door," to talk, and vote, and meet and
adjourn, make a great move and do nothing, and
leave the Executive branch of the Government in
a scrape, will bear away the palm from any as-
sembly in this world, or (he world below.
Mr. Chairman, the Executive branch of the
Government has done its duty. It has called for
supplies, and suggested a plan for raising them.
This House, as it seems at present, will neither
adopt the mode recommonded, nor devise any other
mode. Each member offers his favorite proposi-
tion—the one, I suppose, which will read the best
in his corner of Buncombe—and then folds his
hands, or takes his pen, and writes a lettter to his
Buncombes, and seems to conclude, that if the brave
aimy starve, or if we are driven out of Mexico,
and our star-spangled banner draggled in Mexican
mud for want of hands to uphold it, or if our
national debt swells up to hundreds of millions,
and if our national credit becomes the jeer and
laughingstock of European bankers,-—they are
not responsible, and they are safe for another term
here: for have they not offered a firstrate propo-
sition—for Buncombe? Is it their fault that the
House did not adopt their proposition? No, in-
deed ! The House was bound to come to them.
Come, let us adjourn, and c;ct dinner! All'swell-—
in Buncombe ! The treasui y is empty, the army
may s;o unpaid, unfed, and unclothed—the war
may taper off'. Who cares? All's well—in Bun-
combe!
I tell you that you are responsible—to your con-
stituents: to your country, and to God. I beg
pardon; you are not all responsible. The honor-
able members on the Whig side, I presume, judg-
ing from their action, are sent here, not to sustain
the country, but to break down the present Ad-
ministration, and to endeavor to comc into power
themselves. Their philosophy teaches them that
all the evils which I have described, together with
a total defeat of our arms, and the loss of Texas,
would be "blessings in disguise," it they could
be made the means of destroying the confidence of
the country in the Democratic Administration and
party, and restore Whig doctrines to ascendency,
and themselves to power and place. But the Demo-
cratic majority in this House is responsible.
Sir, in all representative and free governments,
power is vested euhtr in party or in corruption.
When there are no parties, corruption has full
sway. History sustains me in predicnting this of
France, Great Britain, and the United States. In
President Monroe's time, there was an era of good
feeling. Parties were extinct. Political corrup-
tion was the order of the day, and prodigal ex-
penditures and deep taxation were the consequence.
But for the war of 1812, and the Old Man of the
Hermitage, now gone to his reward, sustained by
the 44 Magician'' of Lindenwald and his compeers,
the Government of this country would, by this
time, have become a stench in the world's nostril.
John Tyler had no party. He governed by cor-
ruption, scarcely disguised.
! At the present juncture the Democratic party aie
; in full possession of every branch of the Govern-
I mcnt, and is therefore responsible. And when,
j because you will do neither one thing nor another,
i power drops from your imbecile hands, and your
! opponents come into power, what will become ol
i you, ye timid politicians, who " shiver on the
1 brink" of a cup of tea, " and fear to launch a
] Democratic commander of your armies ready on
I the stocks ? Yourdistricts will become W lug, and
1 you will be superseded. If you have not the
'I moral courage to do the ri<*ht thing from love of
'! country, at least do it in defence of your desks
^ here and the eight dollars per day. Parties are
