284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
controlled by principle, and on a question of prin-
ciple a party man must, be uncompromising. But
upon all questions of mere expediency, parties not
only may but must compromise, or do nothing.
It results that the Democratic party in this House
must meet on some common ground. History
justifies the conclusion that in reference to mere
measures involving no radical principle, parties
have almost universally found it easier to unite
upon the basis of Executive recommendation, than
upon any other giound. And this conclusion in-
dicates duty to me. I will sustain each measure
recommended by the Executive, and now before
us, at least whenever a sufficient number of Demo-
crats will vote with me to pass it, and most prob-
ably in any event. Mr. Chairman, the question
of supplies is not the only subject upon which the ;
President has been deserted by his party on this ,
floor during- the present session. At an early clay ;
lie called upon us to provide by law for the ap-
pointmentof a general officer to command the entire
armies of the United States m the field of war .
opeiations. :
Any Whig or disinterested person would natu- !
rally expect that a Democratic Congress would :
seize upon such an occasion to place at the head of ;
the army a Democrat. Yes, sir, I have said it—a ;
Democrat; and if that be either treason or impru- i
dence, make the most of it!
Does our experience here teach us that the war,
or the measures adopted for its prosecution, re-
ceives any efficient support from the Whig 3ide of
the House? The reverse altogether, except when
a plume can be picked up for an individual or a
party cap. By what process! of reasoning does any
gentleman come to the conclusion that a Whig; at :
the head of our armies differs from a Whig in this i
Hail? Does his epaulettes change his nature? As j
a philosopher and practical man, I would not ex- '
pect him to sink the partisan in the patriot, in such
a war as this of ours with Mexico, to the same
extent that I would were the same a war waged m
defence of our firesides and homes. In such a war 1
as tins, I would expect him to imitate his compa-
triots on the other side of this Hall, in a failure
to take any hazard and responsibility upon him- j
self, for fear of " the enemy in his rear." I should
expect him to move when sustained by a direct
order, and not otherwise. I should expect him to
be brave in the hour of danger. All our officers
arc brave. 1 should expect him to win victories
with the aid of the army, and that he and his par-
tisans would give the glory neither to the head that
devised the plan of operations, and furnished the
means, nor to the subaltern-, and privates doing
the fighting, hut to him, and to him only. And if
he should meet with a mishap, or not reap the
fruitsof victory as thoroughly as might be, I should
expect lum to lay the blame at the door, nor of 1
untoward circumstance, but of the Government in .
whose employment he is. ;
And ju8>t the reverse of all this evil, which I
have predicated, would I expect of a Democrat, at ;
the head of the aimy. So 1 read the book of;
human nature. Well, sir, we have had the oppor-
tunity. Did we embrace it: Not a bit of it. The ,
proposition sleeps on your tab!..'—to all appearance !
the sleep of death. 'JTiie governments of Europe 1
jeer you. The philosophers of the world wonder, j
And if theg^ntlemen on the other side of the House ,
were not afraid of shaming you into a discharge of
your duty, they would wag their heads in ridicule i
of your shortsighted policy, /fhey laugh in their 1
sleeves, as it is. Were they in power, as you are, ;
and a Democrat at the head of the army, they
would oil" with his head with as little remorse as a ;
scullion decupitatcs a tenant of the dunghill. '
For this impracticability of the majority here, I '
am not bound to account. Pet haps some of that
majority are but half-baked Demociats—need ennd- 1
ing over again. To this may be added a little in- '
dividual ambition disappointed. State feuds and
factious jealousy may come in for a share, and i
President-making in 1848 operates, mayhap, to i
clog the wheels. Such things I leave to be re- !
proved and punished by the people, posterity, his- '
tory, and God. Sometimes it seems to me as if
some of us forget that we are members of one great
firm, each bound to exert himself for the common
account; and that there is a kind of peddling in
small wares—such as Abolitionism and Nullifica-
tion, for instance—on individual account. It was
but the other day that we contrived to get up a
tempest in a teapot on the subject of the kind of
municipal laws to be established in the territory
which it is assumed we are to acquire, by cession
or by force, as an indemnity from our unjust neigh-
bors, the Mexicans! As if it were reduced to a
certainty that wisdom will die with this Congress,
and that no subsequent Congress will have the
temerity to overset matters of our ordaining, we
were called upon, as we were told, by northern
opinion, to vote that no slavery should exist in
any portion of the territory to be acquired. Here-
upon, some of our southern friends, feeling that
they have as good a right, and as good a will, to
expand themselves—m other words, to u multiply
and replenish the earth," as have their brethren in
the northern Slates, and that in such expansion
they have a right to carry with them every usage
and state of social existence to which they aie
accustomed, and which they have been taught to
believe are right, or at least not wrong; and, more-
over, not having the fear of Faneuil Hall and Abi-
gail Folsom before their eyes, made this Hall ring
with threats of disunion and secession—threats,
from which I must beoxcused for withholding my
respect, whether they come from Boston or Charles-
ton—the Bay State or the Old Dominion.
The result seems to be that the Democratic party
in this Hall is incapable of united action, more
because of certain local and personal peculiar ldio-
syncracies, wluch the owners nurse as the nursery-
man nurses his vegetable pots, from habit, rather
than from any rational prefeience, or respect for
them.
To the majority in this Hall, I would make one
last appeal. If i have amused myself with your
notions, I respect your persons, and acknowledge
to each the obligations of 46 the law of kindness."
In the present condition of things, you are incapa-
ble of governing this country. The gentlemen on
the other side of the House need not smile. If
they e\ er again come into power, they will be more
troubled by peculiar ldiosyncraeies and local no-
tions than are we*, and, as heretofore their hands
would scarcely grasp the rems, before they would
drop them again, the steeds would run away, and
refuse to pull up, except at Democratic Hall, the
old baiting and lestmg place of American sover-
eignty.
Make a last effort. Concede I concede! ' and
because you cannot concede to one another, con-
cede to the suggestions of the Executive; rally
upon them, adopt them, and give joy to your par-
tisans throughout the counti y, and carry confusion
into the camp of your enemies, the Mexicans, and
of youi opponents, the Whigs. I am sure that
each will find one consolation m so doins,. It is a
moderate consolation, but a sure one. You cannot
do worse than to do nothing. If you mean to leave
the Executive Government without the means of
carrying on the war, and so force a retreat upon,
or within our conquests, you will not, by that in-
direction, escape the judgment of mankind.
I conclude my remarks with the expression of
the hope that this Hall, in the next Congiess, may
present a nominal Whig majority, or a practicable
Democratic majoiity, or that I may have no place
in it.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, said it was always
with reluctance that he rose to addiess the House
or the committee, and he never did so unless he
felt it to he his imperative duty. He could not let
this opportunity pass, without giving his views
biiefly upon the bill now under consideration. He
said that there was a peculiar propriety m his doing
so, for there are more of his constituents now in
the army in Mexico than from any other Congres-
sional district in the Union; and (said Mr. fc>.) a
more patriotic and intelligent body of men cannot
be found m any portion of our country. The bill
under consideration was to fix the compensation
of the gallant soldiers now fighting our battles in
Mexico, and of other troops yet to be called into
the service. - 0
Mr. S. did not like the bill reported by the hon-
orable gentleman from the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Boyd,] nor the substitute reported
by the select committee; and he certainly would
not vote for either of these propositions, if any one
more favorable to the soldier could be passed. He
had submitted an amendment which, at the proper
time, he should otferas a substitute for the original
bill. He proposed to raise the pay of the non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
three dollars per month each, from the commence-
ment of the war with Mexico until the termination
thereof, making the pay of the soldier ten dollars
per month. This, he thought, was as small a sum
as the Government ought to ask her patriotic sons
lj to peril their lives in defence of our national honor
lj for, and it was perhaps as much as the state of
j! our finances would warrant the Government in
H promising to pay. He deprecated the policy which
would refuse to pay liberally the gallant and chival-
rous soldiers who volunteer in the defence of the
country; and he ventured the prediction that the
people would pay, cheerfully and promptly, any
and all debts necessarily incurred in the prosecu-
tion of this war. He might be told that ten dol-
lars per month for men, sick or ioeW, with the care
taken of them by and at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, was high wages: but notwithstanding all
the Government furnished them, and did for them,
there were many things, both in sickness and in
health, that the soldier was obliged to buy at very
exorbitant prices. It must be recollected that this
war was being prosecuted in the enemy's country,
and in a sickly country too, and whereeverythmg
was extravagantly high. He was certain that no
man would go into the army at ten dollars per
month to make money, and he did not think that
any gentleman could refuse to vote for that sum.
Mr. S. was in favor of giving to those who had
inlisted oi volunteered, or who might mlist or
volunteer, for five years, or durinsr the war, a
bounty of fifteen dollars. To those who may here-
after inhst or volunteer, this money will enable
them to procure such an outfit as will make them
comfortable in the camp. He proposed to give
grants of land to all those who had served, or
might serve, in the war with Mexico. To those
who have inlisted or volunteered to serve for a less
term than five years, or during the war, he would
give one hundred and sixty acres of the public
lands; and to those who volunteered or inlisted to
serve for five yeais, or during the war, he would
give three hundred and twenty acres of land.
Whilst some gentlemen oppose an increase in
the monthly pay of the army on account of the
lean state of the treasury, they cannot urge that
objection to making liberal grants of land to those
who fight our battles. We can make these grants
without feeling it. It will hardly be missed from
the millions of acres of the national domain now
lying1 waste and unproductive. These lands will
furnish homes to the brave men who march to the
battle-field in the defence of their country, provided
they are spared to return; and if not, it will go to
their children or heirs.
Was there a member, Mr. S. would ask, in that
Hall, who would withhold these grants of land
from the noble and gallant men who leave their
homes, and kindred, and the thousand ties and
endearments which surrounded them, and rally
under the flag of their country, to redress the many
and flagrant wrongs which we have received from
the insolent Mexicans' He hoped not.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
ton] objected to grants of land being given to the
soldiers, because speculators would buy up their
warrants for little or nothing, and then, by throw-
ing these wan-ants into the market, they would
cut off all receipts into the treasury from the sales
of the public lands. The honorable gentleman
said he preferred giving to the soldiers " stock
certificates," bearing interest, for such sum as he
presumed the soldier would realize from the specu-
lator for his land warrant—say fifty dollars. Mr.
S. said he thought the gentleman from Ohio mis-
taken in relation to this matter. He believed
speculators would shave u stock certificates'1 at the
same rate they would land warrants. The war-
rants issued to the soldiers should be in such form
as to make them most available to the soldier. He
should be left free to locate his warrant upon any
lands belonging to the Government and subject
to sale, and at such time as might best promote
his interest or convenience. Any restrictions m
relation to the location, or transfer of the warrant,
would lessen the value of the grant, and of course
destroy one of the principal objects contemplated
by the bill now under consideration. He was for
giving the soldier full power to make the most out
of this land bounty that he could.
Mr. S. said that gentlemen had urged against
these grants of land the fact that the land given to
the soldiers of the last war was of little or no value
to them. This he was ready to admit. He would
even go further: he believed these grants, instead
of benefiting the soldiers or their heirs, had injured
