1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them; for many persons, after being at great ex-
pense in paying taxes for years, at last, by their
own negligence or the carelessness of an agent,
had had their lands sold for taxes, and thus lost
them. The condition of the country was now dif-
ferent. Then but little was known of the territory
set apart for the location of bounty land warrants.
The great majority of the soldiers of the late war
"were from the old States. Not so now. The
States in which there are Government lands, fur-
nish their full proportion of soldiers, who know
the value of the lands, and will not part with them
for less than their value. The communication now
between the different portions of the Union is so
frequent and easy, that there is no difficulty in
communicating from one portion of the Union to
another; and the soldier from New England, who
did not wish to settle upon the land granted to him
for his services in the war, could, at a trilling ex-
pense, learn the precise value of his land warrant,
and might convert it into money at a very small
expense.
Mr. S. did not concur in the opinion expressed
by some gentlemen, that the soldier must be pro-
hibited from selling or transferring his warrant, to
protect him from sharpers and speculators. It was
very probable that there might be some men in the
army who would imprudently and foolishly part
with not only then lands, but their monthly pay;
but, so far as the volunteers from his State were
concerned, he was proud to say that they were
intelligent, honest, temperate, and highly respect-
able men. They did not need guardians to take
charge of the land or the money the Government
might pay them for their services. A class of
better men could not be found in any commu-
nity, and he would not so far insult or question
their judgment as to dictate to them what they
should do with their own dear-bought treasure—
earned, perhaps, by the Joss of a limb, or at the
sacrifice a broken constitution.
Did gentlemen grudge these men a few acres of
the national domain, while millions of acres were
lying waste? The honorable gentlemen from New
York [Mr. Rathbun] and Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
seemed to think that before making any provision
for raising the pay of the army or granting lands,
we should first provide the means. Tins argu-
ment may be sound (said Mr. S.) so far as raising
the monthly pay is concerned, but did not apply
to the land bounty. The Government had land
enough and to spare, and he had yet to learn that
our Government could not raise the money ner.es- '
sary to prosecute the war, even though the pay of j
the soldier should be raised to ten dollars per
month. Sir, is there any member of this House
who has so poor an opinion of the patriotism of
his countrymen as to suppose that they would
not, when all other legitimate sources of revenue
fails, cheerfully pay a direct tax to prosecute this
war with energy to an honorable peace? lie hoped
110 one doubted for a moment the will or the ability
of the country to furnish promptly and cheerfully i
the means to carry on the war. And to say that if
land-warrants were issued to our soldiers that they
would fall into the hands of the speculator, and
then they would " dry up the land revenue, and
prevent our getting a loan," was certainly showing
that our ctedit hung upon a frail thread. He did
not believe any such doctrine. If the raising of
money to carry on the war depended upon raising
two or three millions of dollars from the sales of
the public lands, our credit was at a low ebb, and
the sooner we ccaaed making appropriations the
better for us. He believed the credit of the nation
rested upon the honesty, energy, and ability of her
citizens, who have always been found equal to any
exigency. And if one hundred millions of dol-
lars should be necessary to prosecute this war to
an honorable peace, he had full faith that it could
be raised, and that the interest could be paid, the
soldiers' warrants to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
Sir, (said Mr. S.) is this great and powerful
nation, with more than twenty millions of souls,
blessed with everything which constitutes wealth
and prosperity, to be forced, in order to carry on a
war with the weak and distracted republic of Mexi-
co, to grind down the brave soldiers who rush to
the battle-field, to a mere pittance—to simply the
price for the most menial labor? Will nottheGov-
ernment show a liberality and generosity corres-
pondingto that of her chivalrous sons ? He hoped
it would. He was ready to vote for any measure
and all measures necessary to raise the money to
carry on this war, until it can be terminated with
honor to the nation. Much had been said in re-
lation to this Mexican war, its expediency and
policy. It had by some been denounced as " un-
holy, unrighteous, and damnable." The President
had been abused in no measured terms, for adopt-
ing precautionary measures to defend territory
over which we had exercised jurisdiction, and over
citizens we were in honor bound to protect. And
while he did not design to make a partisan speech,
he could not in justice refrain from saying, that
with whatever sins the President might be charged,
he did not think he could be justly charged (in
ordering General Taylor to the Rio Grande) with
unnecessarily involving us in a war with Mexico.
Whilst Mr. S. did not believe that we would gain
any honor by prosecuting a war against Mexico,
and whilst he believed it was our duty to make
all reasonable exertions to prevent the catastrophe
of a war, he did believe there was a point beyond
which forbearance ceased to be a virtue. He be-
lieved our Government had used all the means and
exertions to bring our difficulties with Mexico to a
close that the laws of civilized and Christian nations
required, and he believed that had we shown less
forbeaiance towards Mexico, we would ha\e been
more likely to have settled our differences with that
Government. They misconceived our magnanim-
ity and forbearance, and attributed it to a fear of
their proxcess, and hence their stubborn refusalto ad-
just the matteis in dispute. He did not design to go
into particulars, but he would say, that in the main
he approved of the course pursued by the President
m relation to the war with Mexico. At any rate,
if he found fault, it would be, not that the President
had pressed the war too vigorously, but that he
had not pushed it with sufficient energy. J3ut, said
Mr. S., so far as gentlemen on the other side of
the House, in their opposition to the war and to the
President, confined themselves within the rules of
decorum and of courtesy in debate, he certainly
would not complain. It was the privilege and
the duty of the representative, in an independent
republic, to speak out freely and boldly upon all
questions where the honor and the wellare of the
country were at stake; but it was equally incum-
bent upon them to keep within the bounds of pro-
priety. There was a certain dignity and courtesy
in debate, which gentlemen should not forget, and
should not transceml. It was not to be expected
on great questions, that all men (equally honest)
would agree; and it could not and ought not to be
expected on this question of the Mexican war,
that both the political parties in this country would
think precisely alike, either as to the propriety of
its commencement, or as to the manner in which it
should be prosecuted after we were engaged m it;
and certainly this difference of opinion ought not
to subject the members of either party to the charge
of dishonesty of intention or want of patriotism.
He must confess he conceded to gentlemen a good
share of nerve, if not an overstock of patriotism
who opposed this war. We were now engaged in
the war, and so far as bringing it to an honorable
conclusion was concerned, it mattered not whether
it was justly or unjustly commenced: all should
now unite in bringing it to an honorable termina-
tion. He, however, believed thai the great major-
ity of the people would have voted, if they had been
called upon, for the bill of the 13th of May, pro-
viding for raising fifty thousand men and ten mil-
lions of dollars, to prosecute a war against Mexico.
He would go further: he believed a majority of the
Whig party, if left free to exercise their patriotic
devotion to the honor of the nation, would have
sustained that act, and approved of the course of
the Administration, so far as related to the com-
mencement of the Mexican war; and he believed
those gentlemen who were now opposing the war,
and throwing obstacles in the way of a united and
vigorous prosecution of it, had a fearful account to
settle with their constituents. What would gen-
tlemen do, he would ask, if any member upon the
other side of that Hall would propose to withdraw
our troops from Mexico, and our naval force from
the coast, while things remained as at present?
He could not believe that any such proposition
would be proposed by any one. He then again
asked, what were we to do? Was it becoming in
a member of an American Congress, in time of
war, to be proclaiming the injustice of his own
Government* in prosecuting a war against our en-
emies? What must and would be the effect of such
a course? Why, surely, (said Mr. S.,) it must
stimulate our enemies to renewed energies in their
hostilities against us. He contended that it was
unpatriotic, now that we were in the war, to, do
anything, or say anything, that would tend to pro-
tract it, or place our Government in the wrong*
If error has been committed, is any good to result
from sounding it upon the house-tops? The first
and great object should be, to bring the war to a
close as speedily as it could be without compro-
mising the rights of our citizens, and the honor of
the nation. In order to accomplish this, we should
show an unbroken and undivided front. If Mexi-
co thinks she is sustained or countenanced by one
of the political parties in this nation, will sne be
likely to make peace ? No one could suppose it.
If reports of the doings of the Mexican Congress
can be relied on, our dissensions and divisions in
relation to this war, are urged as a strong reason
why Mexico should refuse any proposals for
peace. While such a state of things exists, there
can be no hope of terminating this war favorably.
He believed that those who considered this an un-
just war on our part, and that Mexico was in the
right, were doing that Government an injury, by
taking such a course as would induce them to con-
tinue the war, and refuse to make peace. The
prosperity, ay, the very existence of Mexico as a
republic, must depend upon friendly ieldtions with
the United States. He could not believe that any
gentleman on the other side entertained the opinion
that the President or the Democratic party were
actuated in prosecuting this war by a spirit of con-
quest, or with any other feeling than to compcl
Mexico to do what she ought to have done with-
out driving us into a war to enforce our rights.
Mr. S. said that when the bill for raising ten
additional regiments was under consideration, he
was unable to get the floor to give his reasons
for the course he felt it his duty to take on that
bill; and he should now say a word in relation to
the efficiency of the volunteer force at present in
the service ot' the country, and the policy of prose-
cuting the war. He said he considered we were
driven into the war with Mexico; and he, for one,
was willing to °;o all reasonable lengths by his
votes for raising men and money to prosecute the
war with energy until an honorable peace was
brought about, or until we should have obtained
from Mexico a full and entire indemnity for all
outrages committed by them, either upon our Gov-
ernment or our citizens. He was anxious to sus-
tain the recommendations of the President in all
the measures he deemed necessary for the vigorous
prosecution of the war, and he would do so as
far as he could, without a violation of his duty to
his constituents and his own sense of propriety
and justice. He was one of those who believed
that in time of actual war, the men who periled
their lives in fighting the battles of our country,
and defending our national honor, ought to have
the right to select the officers who were to com-
mand them. So far as he knew, or could learn,
he believed that the officers selected and commis-
sioned in the Illinois volunteer regiments were
able and efficient, and in his opinion better than
could possibly have been selected by the President;
and if reports from the army were entitled to credit,
there were no better dulled or disciplined troop* in
the army, than were to be found among the volun-
teers from his State. And (said Mr. S.) give them
but an opportunity to fight, and if they do not ac-
quit themselves as gallantly as the soldiers in the
legular army, he would acknowledge himself en-
tirely mistaken in his estimate of the efficiency of
volunteer troops. It was not his intention to sin-
gle out the volunteers from his own State; he
only spoke of them because he knew them well,
and knew that they were brave and gallant spirits,
and that, in their keeping, the honor of our country
would not be tarnished, nor the proud flag of our
republic trampled under foot by our enemies. If
any doubt had remained in the mind of any gentle-
man m relation to the efficiency of volunteer troops
before the capture of Monterey, that doubt had
now, he trusted, vanished. The noble and gallant
deeds of the volunteers from Tennessee, Mississip-
pi, Ohio, Kentucky, and Texas, who were engaged
at the siege of Monterey, would have done honor
to the veteran troops of Wellington, or to the im-
petuous and daring soldiers of Napoleon. And
(said Mr. S.) are we to be told that such men as
fought at Monterey, are not the right kind of ma-
terial of which to form soldiers, or to increase
