266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
your army ? But the honorable gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] in his eloquent
speech a few days since, did these gallant men
justice, and renders it unnecessary for me to add
anything to what has been so well said by him.
Mr. S. did not wish to do injustice to the regular
army. They needed no eulogy from him. A sim-
ple history of the battles of the 8th and 9th of
May last, would be the highest tribute of praise
that could be bestowed on those brave men.
Mr. S. said, that although Illinois furnished at the
call of the President, in May last, four regiments,
which were accepted, and mustered into service,
he felt it due to the patriotism of the people of
the State to say, that more than double the num-
ber accepted were tendered to the Governor. Many
of the companies then raised had preserved their
organization, and now held themselves jn readiness
to respond to the call of the Government for more
volunteers, and march to the seat of war. But if
they were to be deprived of selecting the officers who
were to lead them to battle, he feared it might dis-
hearten them, and prevent their entering the ser-
vice. Sir, (said Mr. S.,) the district which I have
the honor to represent, furnished more than one
full regiment, which is now in the field; and if
more volunteers were wanted, he would guaranty
that another regiment would be raised within two
weeks from the time the call reached the district,
to serve for five years, or during the war. Re felt
anxious to give these patriotic citizens an opportu-
nity to distinguish themselves m the defence of
our national rights and national honor. These
men believe the war to be just; they believe the
Mexicans deserve to be severely chastised for the
outrages they have committed upon our citizens,
and they would light with a will to redress our
wrongs. He felt it his duty to say this much, in
justification of his preference for the voiuiHeei
over the regular servicc.
Mr. GRAHAM then obtained the floor, and
spoke at some length in favor of increasing the
pay of those engaged in fighting the battles of their
countiy,and also of the land-bounty. He then
went on in support of the remaining general pro-
visions and details of the bill, as reported by the
select committee.
Mr. POLLOCK next addressed the committee.
He was in favor of the bill, and would vote for it,
with the amendment which he had submitted that
morning, believing that they should not forget
those who, in days gone by, had fought the battles
of the country in the daik days of Indian war-
fare. He was also in favor of a vigorous prose-
cution of the war, although he differed from the
Administrationpohtically. But war existed. Their
army was m Alexico. Pennsylvania was there
fully lepresented by her sons battling under the
flag of their country; and even that would be
enough to prompt him to support the war. But
he was not so selfish as that. He went for the
war on national grounds. Mr. P. then went on
to declaim ugamst the acquisition of more territo-
ry, and the extension of the institution of slavery.
He held that Congress had not power to legislate
about slavery, and that the moment slaves entered
into free temtory they became free. Siavery could :
not be prohibited; and therefore until the territory
was admitted as a State, slavery could not fairly
have any existence there.
Mr. BOYD (the gentleman in charge of the
original bill) at length obtained the floor, and ad- i
dressed the committee in its support. j
The hour of two o'clock having arrived, the I
Chairman closed the debate, and the committee '
proceeded to vote on the amendments, viz: '
Mr. GEORGE S HOUSTON had moved to i
inciease the sum in the first section from "two ;
dollars1' to " three dollars" per month, m addition .
to the present pay." :
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to substj- 1
tute five dollars" for " three dollars.'5 Disagreed '
lu.
The question on Mr. George S. Houston's '
amendment was then put, and the amendment was 1
agreed to. 1
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES moved to add the !
following section to the original bill, as section 2: I
"Sec.2. Andbeit further enacted, That at the end of the !
war a certificate ot >tock, pa\ able in ten years, to the amount '
of one hurulied doliais, bearing an interest of six per cent., !
be given to any regular soldier'oi \o)unteei who ma> faith- |
fully serve during the wai, or be discharged from service by !
wounds inclined, or been disabled by disease contracted in I
prosecution of the war; and in the event of the death of a i
soldier or volunteer during the war, then to hi* widow; and
if there be no widow, then to his. child or childien; and if
no child or children, then to his parents."
Mr. GILES moved to increase the amount of
the certificates to two hundred dollars. Disagreed
to.
Mr. PERRY moved to increase the amount of
the certificates to one hundred and fifty dollars.
Disagreed to.
Mr. HolmesSs amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. THURMAJlT moved to add at the end of
Mr. Holmes's amendment the following; which
was agreed to:
And the same amount of stoek granted by the sec-
tion of this act shall be all owed to each volunteer who may
Jure mhsted or shall inhst for the term of twelve months,
and serve (luring that period in the existing war, or who, on
account of wounds or disability incurred m such semce,
may have been or shall be honorably discharged before the
expiration of the said term for which he inlisted."
Mr. VINTON then moved to strike out all of
the original bill, beginning with section two; which
was agreed to.
The original bill having been acted on, the sub-
stitute reported by the select committee was then
taken up.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON moved to increase
the sum in the first section from " two dollars" to
" three dollars'* per month, in addition to the pres-
ent pay.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to amend
Mr. Houston's motion by increasing it to " five
dollars per month." Disagreed to.
The question was then put on Mr. G. S. Hous-
ton's amendment, and it was agreed to by tellers:
Ayes 77, noes 38.
Mr. S. D. HUBBARD moved to add at the end
of the first section a clause providing that all wages
due to the non-commissioned odieers and privates
of the army shall be paid m gold and silver.
The amendment was agreed to by tellers: Ayes
71, noes 65.
Mr. FRIES moved an amendment to the first
section, (a copy of which could not be obtained.)
It was disagieed to. i
Mr. R.EID moved to add the following section, ![
to come in after section 1 of substitute: i|
"Sec.2. ►2nd6eit/i«t/icrenacicci,Thateaeh prhatc, non- !j
commissioned officer, and musician* who shall have been j
received into the service of the United Stales since the com- j
mencement ol the war with Mexico tor less than twelve j
months, and shall have served for such tcim or until honor- I
ably dischaiged, shall be entitled to receive a warrant tor '
eignty acresot land, which maybe subject to private entiy; !
and in the event ol the death of such volunteer during his i
term ot seivice, or aitei an honorable discharge, but belore j
the passage ot this act, then the wan ant for such landfall j
i^sue to the wite,child, or children, it there be any, and if i
none, then to (he lather, and if theie be no lather, then to i
the motiier of e>udi deceased volunteer.5' ;
The question on agreeing to the amendment was
put, and no quorum voting—
The committee rose and reported the fact to the
House.
The House then adjourned.
By Mr. JOS. II. INGERSOLL: The memorial of Marine
Insurance Companies doing business in Philadelphia, asking
that suitable appropnations be made by Congress at its pies-
pnt sutton for the purpose of replacing light boats driven
from their moorings along the coast of Florida,, and the tem-
porary employment ol one or more vessels, fitted in the best
manner that a short time will allow for displaying lights •
and that They bo placed near where the missing light-houses
formerly stood, or that such temporary structures be built
on the ICejs as will an&wei until the permanent stiuctures
can be completed. 2. A change of the light at the Dry Tor-
tugas for one of a greater power. 3. A buoy to be placed on
the Rebecca Shoafs. 4. Rebuilding of the light-house at
Sand Key, at Key West, and on Cape Florida, and building
new light-hou->es at Sombrero Key; also on Carysfort Reef
in pi-ice of the light boat, which cannot be seen at a suffi-
j cient distance; also, near Port Jupiter, about latitude 2/°
| opposite Memory Rock, wheie it .-md the British Govein-
, ment intend placing a light-house. &c. Also, the memoiial
i of the Marine Insurance Companies of the city of Phiiadel-
| phia, asking that the necessary Jaws may be enacted for the
J establishment at Key West of a permanent court of admi-
, ralty, which shall be in frequent session, and alwavs ready
j to expound the law and to interpose its authority, "not only
j in aid of those whose services may have rescued vessels
1 and their cargoes fiom destruction, but also to protect the
, rights and interests of the absent ownei s and insurers. Also,
; the memoiial of the Select and Common Councils of the city
of Philadelphia, asking that the necessary appropriations
may be mads for constructing a dry dock at the naval station
at Philadelphia.
By Mr. HUDSON"; The memorial of Hiram Curruth and
others,of Noith Brookfield, Massachusetts, and the petition
of W B. Stone and others, of Gardner, Massachusetts,
praying that peace maybe restored to the country.
By Mr. PILIjSBURY : The memorial of citizen? of Na-
varro county, Texas, asking for the establishment of a mili-
tary post on their frontier.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts : The petition of
137 citizens of Noith Adams, Berk<hire county, Massachu-
setts, piaving Congress to use all its constitutional powers
to bring the wai with Mexico to a speedy close, if possible,
without further effusion of blood. Also, a petition of 151
ladies of said North Adams, to the same effect.
By Mr. HUBARD, of Viremia: The petition of Nicholas
Edmunds and Henry Edmunds, executois of Thomas Ed-
munds, deceased, praying for relief on account of French
spoliations prior to 1800.
By Mr. SCAMMON : Tiie petition of Benjamin Cresey
tor a pension as an invalid seaman from wounds and dis-
abilities received during the late war with Great Britain.
Also, the petition of Lot Davis, for the same. Also, the
petition of William Gaul, for the same. Also, the petition
of Ephici'in Clark for his shaic of prize-money due from
Denmark for captures in 1779. Also, the petition of the
heirs of Joshua Trafton, of the army of the Revolution, pray-
ing for commutation pay. Also, the petition of the hems of
Peleg Wads-worth, of the army of the Revolution, for com-
mutation pay.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, See.., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. BRODHEAD : The petition of 150 citizens of Cat -
boti county, Pennsylvania, piaying tor a ^rantof land toA-a
Whitney, E?q., ol New i'oik, to enable hnu to construct a
raihoad uom Lake Michigan to the P.icilic Ocean.
By Mr, DROMGOOLE . The petition ot F. Whittle, ad-
ministrator of Conway Whittle, deceased, prating indem-
nity foi t'jench spoliations prior to 1800.
By Mr. BLANCHARD: The petition of James M. Jack-
son and 88 otheis, of Amos Prc.-ton and 78 others, of Fran-
cis Lo-sill and 16 otheis. praying Congress to adopt the best
mcasuies foi abolishing slavery throughout the United
States.
By Mr. WINTUROP: The petition of Christopher Slo-
comb and 74 others, of West Medway, Massachusetts, for
peace with Mexico. ALo, the petition ofMaryE. fMesaud
B'J otheis, ladies ot WestMedway, Massachusetts, forpuace
with Mexico.
By Mr. lOST: The petition of C. C. Beatty, administra-
tor of James Yantixem, deceased, late of Philadelphia, pi uy-
ing indemnity tor spoliations committed by Fiance piior to
the year 1 bOQ.
By Ml. ISAAC E. MORSE: The petition ot Eh R N.
Rosa and w ite, praying tor confirmation of a tract of land.
ByMi.GRlDER- The petition ot J. T. Ilogg, William
Fitzpatrick, and others, citizens of Barren, Momoe, and
Allen countie--, piavmg for a post-route from Scottsvilie,
Kentuekv, lo Tonipkmsville, Kentucky.
By Mr. CROZIER: The petition of Willis S. Center,
praying increased pa> as contractoi on route No. 5,233, lead-
ing fiom Knoxville to Sparta, Tennessee.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of F. Thorn, and J. C.
Morrison, and other citizens of the eastern portion of the
State of Texas, praving that a judicial district may he estab-
lished for Eastern Texas, with a clerk's and marshal's olhce
at Nacogdoches.
IK SENATE.
"Wednesday, January 27, 1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, en-
closing a report of the balance of appropriations in
the Tieasury on the first of July, 1845, the appro-
priations made in the fiscal years 1845 and 1846,
the repayments, transfers, &c.; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON" presented a petition of
John McClintic, praying the United States to pur-
chase his morticing and tenoning- machine for the
use of the several navy yards arid arsenals; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from the
Library Association of Milwaukie, Wisconsin,
praying that they may be furnished with copies of
the laws and public documents; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. BREESE also presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, praying for a
grant of lands for the purpose of establishing libra-
ries in the several townships of said Staff!;"which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE also presented a resolution from
the Legislature of Illinois on the subject of the con-
dition ofthe Cumberland road; which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. T. CLAYTON presented a petition from
citizens of the State of Delaware, praying that
measures may be adopted to bring the present war
with Mexico to a termination; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition of Thomas
Edmunds, deceased, praying for indemnity for
French spoliations prior to the year 1800; which
was referred to the Select Committee on the sub-
ject.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Missouri, praying the
graduation and reduction ofthe price of certain pub-
lic lands in that State; which was laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr, CASS presented a memorial of the heirs of
Herman Blannerhassctt, praying for indemnity for
