268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
The pending question being upon the proposition
to amend submitted by Mr* Atchison—,
Mr. ATCHISON addressed the Senate'in sup-
port of his amendment. He remarked that there
appeared to hare been a degree of impatience ex-
hibited ever since this bill had been introduced, not
only in relation to it, but in relation to all those
measures which had any connexion with the exist-
ing war. But Senators on all sides, he believed,
would bear him witness that he had given no evi-
dence of a disposition to delay the passage of any
measure whatever that was connected with this sub*
ject. The question presented for the consideration
of the Senate by this bill was, whether they would
authorize an increase of the regular aimy to the
extent of ten regiments, or about ten thousand
men, to serve during the war with Mexico. And
the amendment winch he had had the honor to
submit proposed another issue, not a very different
one fiom the original bill in its effect, but a very
material one, he conceived, in point of principle.
The amendment authorized the President to call
into service the same number of men for the same
period of service. So far, then, there was no dif-
ference between the bill and the amendment; but
the amendment proposed that the force so to be
called into service should be volunteers and not
regular soldiers; and herein consisted the variance.
The number proposed was the same, the term of
service the same.
The fiist bill passed on this subject—the bill
recognising the existence of the war with Mexico—
had passed both Houses of Congress, he believed,
within twenty-fours after the President submitted
his message on that subject. In the same bill, the
President was authorized to call into service fifty
thousand volunteers, and an appropriation of ten
millions of dollars was also made at the same time.
Ail that was asked for was gjanted, and that
promptly. He beheved that on the same day, (at
least the day the bill was approved,) an inciease of
the regular army was authorized, amounting to
more than one hundred percent, of that description
of force then in the service, making a force of be-
tween eight and nine thousand regular soldiers
to be inlisted. And this morning we had passed,
almost unanimously, a bill appropriating twenty-
three millions of dollais to carry on the war. There
had, it was true, been some complaints from gen-
tlemen on the other side, that time was not allowed
to examine the details of this bill. But no one op-
posed its passnge. It was only desired to make
some impiovement in its details. And this bill was
passed in three or four days after it came to the
Senate. Tins sufficiently showed the promptness
with which Confess has responded to theExecu-
ti\e demands. It shows that there has been no
disposition on either side to thwart the views of
the President. When the question on tins bill was
taken, only two Senators voted against it. The
Senate weic unanimous in support of the war.
The question now is, whether we will recruit our I
standing army, or go on as we have commenced, 1
lelying on volunteers. By increasing the regular j
army, we acknowledge that we have heretofore 1
been in error m our mode of prosecuting the war. <
It was said that these men were wanted immedi- j
ately. Can you raise regulars more speedily than !
volunteers? What has been our experience on j
this subject? We had a bill passed authorizing I
the filling up of the companies ofiegulais. What i
was the result, after the most strenuous exertions j
to carry out this bill? How many recruits, he j
would ask, had been inlisted under that bill? Pie !
believed they had obtained about one-half the num- j
bcr; and now they were asked to pass another bill i
for the inlisfment of ten thousand in addition to •
those previously authorized to be inlisted. But it I
appeared, from the ill success which had attended I
their dibits to fill up the regular army, to be very I
dear that it would take a long time to procure in \
that way the amount of force which was required. 1
But it was admitted on ail hands that volunteers j
could be got at any moment to any extent that
inie;ht be called for. '
The next question, then, was, which were the !
most efficient troops ? He would ask any gentle- I
man whether experience had not shown that a vol- j
miteer force was as efficient as any force which !
could be brought into the service? The progress j
of the war had shown this to be the case. The j
only reason, the solitary objection, urged by the j
Secretary ot "W ar was, the expense. The amend- j
meat authoiues the Piesidentto accept the services 1
of these volunteers during the war. The bill pro-
vides that the regulars shall serve for the same
period. And he would ask, if the volunteer costs
more than the regular soldier for rations, clothing,
transportation, &c. As to the matter of expense,
therefore, it could not be greater in the one case
than in the other, both descriptions of force being
proposed to be engaged for the same period, viz:
during the war. The argument, the only argument
advanced by the Secretary of War for preferring
regulars, falls to the ground under this amendment.
Last war, no volunteers were engaged for a period
beyond twelve months. Some were for six months,
and some for three months, at various periods of
the war. None were for a longer period than twelve
months. If we were to take the volunteers for the
short terms, theie would be the expense of going
and returning three or four times a year, and this
would be productive of an everlasting expense.
But this amendment contemplates no such objects.
As to efficiency, he believed the volunteers would
be found equal or superior to the regulars, in
moral and intellectual character they were unques-
tionably so. If this were denied, a very conclusive
proof of the fact would be found in the number of
aesertions which had taken place from the regulars
in May, June, and July, which was equal to that
from the volunteers during their whole service, al-
though the volunteers exceeded twenty thousand,
and the regulars only one-third that amount. More
had deserted from the latter in three months than
from the volunteers m their whole term of service.
Of those inlisted under the act of May last, two-
thirds were foreigners—Germans or Irish—and
this may account for the number of desertions.
This proved, that, in that point of view at least,
volunteeis were the best material for soldiers.
[Mr. A. then went on to exhibit the gallantry
which had been displayed by the volunteer troops
of Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, Tennessee, and Missis-
sippi; which he attributed to the personal charac-
ter of these volunteers, and to the fact that they
were led by officers of their own selection, in
whom they reposed entire confidence.]
The passage of the bill in its original form was
urged, tor the reason that the Administration de-
sired it m that form. He believed that he was as
good a friend to this Administration as any that it
had, for he had used every exertion to bring it into
power; yet it was no argument with him, for the
adoption of a particular measure, that the President
or the Secretary of War desired it. If it was a
doubtful case, lie would yield to their opinion; but
as it was not, he claimed the privilege of exercising
his own judgment.
Theie was one other matter to which, though it
did not propciiy belong to this subject, he would
briefly allude. How was this war with Mexico
to be terminated ? Some gentlemen proposed that
it should be done by a vigorous prosecution of the
war. Some were for marching to the city of
Mexico direct; and others, among whom was the
Senator from Texas, were in favor of making
Mexico feel the effects of the war, fiom her fron-
tiers to her capital; and with these he coincided m
opinion. Others were for withdrawing our troops
from Mexico, and taking up a position upon the
eastern side of the llio Grande; but if they intend-
ed by this the withdrawal of our troops from the
Mcxican territory, they must remember that it
would be necessary to take up Their position on
the east of the Sabine, for Mexico had never yet
relinquished her claim to the territory beyond that
river.
A proposition had also been started from high
authority to establish the army along a line to be
drawn from Tampico to the Gulf of California, and
to hold possession of ail the territory that had been
conquered from Mexico lying noith of that line.
Pie did not pietend to know much of military af-
fairs, but it seemed to him that it would require an
army equally stiong to hold all the country noith
of that line, as it would require to crush the repub-
lic of Mexico, and with little probability of bring-
ing the war to a conclusion, but an undoubted cer-
tainty of rendering it a most expensive one.
Mr. A. would not have been disposed to occupy
the time of the Senate with a word on this subject,
were it not that he might be supposed to be array-
ed against the proposition submitted by the Exec-
utive. tie had deemed it necessaiy, therefore, to
explain the reasons why he preferred his proposi-
tion to that contained in the bill. And there was
another reason; if this bill were adopted, and it i
were possible to fill the army, so that they might
carry on the war with regular troops, they would
effectually preclude the people of Missouri, and,
he might add, Mississippi, Indiana, and perhaps
other States, from any further participation in the
war; for no one in those States would be willing
to enrol himself as a regular soldier.
Mr. GREENE asked the indulgence of the Sen-
ate while he offered some of the reasons which
would induce him to vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison.] His
principal object, however, in rising was to explain
the votes which he had already given, and should
hereafter give, on the bill now under considera-
tion,
Mr. G. voted for the amendment to the first sec-
tion of this bill which was submitted by the Sen-
ator from Texas, because it was considered a test
vote between volunteers and regulars. It was due
to himself that he should state that in giving that
vote he felt himself by no means committed to the
other portions of the plan of the Senator from Tex-
as, as exhibited in the series of amendments sub-
mitted by him; on the contrary, he was then and
now satisfied that the mode of appointing officers
as proposed by the amendment of that Senator was
wholly inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States. And in voting for the amendment
on which he recorded his name, he simply intended
to express an opinion in favor of a volunteer sys-
tem in the present emergency, rather than an addi-
tion of ten thousand men to the regular forces of
the country.
The Constitution provides for the appointment
of all officers of the United States by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate;
and the only clause of that instrument which au-
thorizes the election of officers of the United States
in other modes relates to inferior officers whose
appointment may be given to the President alone,
to the courts of law, orto the heads of departments.
The amendment of the Senator from Texas, then,
was clearly in conflict with that provision of the
Constitution to which he had just referred; he
therefore should have voted against that so far as
it went to make provision for the appointment of
the officers. He held that there were two kinds
of officers recognised by us: the officers of the
General Government and the officers of the States.
The one class is appointed by authority of Con-
gress, exercised under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and limited by the Constitution of the
United States; the other, by the State Governments
in the manner their laws prescribe. But the offi-
cers appointed under such a provision as that of
the Senator from Texas he would not have known
how to designate—whether solders of the United
States or officers of the States.
He had also voted for the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittendun,] not
because he should have voted for the amendment
as amended, but because it lessened the evils which
he supposed existed in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Texas. He should have voted against
the whole proposition when the amendment as
amended came before the Senate; and even the
reasons given by his friend fiom Kentucky, that
where a question is doubtful, he would give the
power to the people, would not have induced him to
vote otherwise, because he held that the doubt in
that case arose as to the power of Congress under
the Constitution. It would have been a doubtful ex-
ercise of power to delegate to companies the right to
choose their officers; and where there was a ques-
tion presented, as to the right to exercise any pow-
er, he should always refrain from its exercise. All
power was either in the constituted power of a
State, or in Congress under the Constitution; and
to delegate to a part or portion of the people the
election of particular officers, which officers Con-
gress were not authorized to elect, was certainly
an exercise of power which did not belong to Con-
gress.
He would vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Atchison,] but not with
the view of impeding the prosecution of the war
with Mexico. Pie disavowed such an intention;
not merely because this bill has been recommended
by the President of the United States, or by the
Secretary of War, or because he would oppose a
resolution coming fiom that quarter—but he should
vote for it, because he thought it was the only way
by which they could carry out the design of the
President himself, and the design of all of them—
