1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and tliat was, the prosecution of the war with vi^ar.
Experience had shown that inlistments go on slow-
ly. The fact had been adverted to by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] who gave his
authority for saying, that for a year back there
had been inlisted but about six thousand men,
while at the same time there was the spectacle ex-
hibited to the world of volunteers forcing them-
selves on the Government. This fact alone should
satisfy any man that it was much easier to raise
volunteers than regulars. But, besides, they had
yet a margin of some seven thousand which the de-
partment had power to inlist into the regular army.
He believed he was not wrong in the figures, though
he did not pretend to be very accurate in figures at
any time. About seven thousand might be added
to the regular army if they could be procured, and
on the same termsthat they accorded to volunteers;
and he apprehended, when they looked affile fact
that some thousands of volunteers would be relieved
from service by the expiration of their period of
service in May or June next, the necessity would
be seen of making up in some way the deficiency.
In one year they inhaled but six thousand men,
and had a margin of seven thousand to iill up; it
was not to be expected, then, that they could inlist
that number between the present time and June
next. It, however, did not follow, because they
could not inlist that number of men by this bill
within the time required, that men could not be
obtained as volunteers. Experience had shown to
the contrary. Experience had shown that the vol-
unteer service had attractions. It called out the
force of the country, and in emergencies when it
it was requited.
It had been said that the companies already or-
ganized as volunteers will enrol themselves in the
regular service, and that it would be but a change
of name. Sometimes there was nothing in a name;
but there were times in which there was much,
and this was one of them. A citizen did not feel
that he lost his rights when he volunteered. He
did not feel that he had expatriated himself, and
merged in the soldier the character of the citizen.
The volunteer wa.3 not impelled by the same mo-
tive to enter the service as the regular soldier. He
volunteered not with a view to pecuniary gain and
the hope of pecuniary reward. It was not mere
employment that he sought. He was actuated by
a different spirit. He volunteered because he felt
it to be his duty as a citizen and a patriot to enter
the public service. He went because he was
emulous of distinction. He went because he was
anxious to show to those around him his devotion
to Ins count!y. He looked not for reward either
in money or land. He looked not to the service
as a matter of pecuniary gain or loss. He would
not s£y that all who entered the regular service
were actuated by such motives. There were
doubtless many in the regular service who were ,
actuated by patriotic motives; but experience had
shown that where they desired to raise a given
force in a given period of time, the appeal must be
made to the patriotism of the country. He asked ;;
how long it would be before this Government could j
bring this force of regulars into the field? He ask- ;i
cd if they could replace the volunteers whose terms '•
would so soon expire, by the inlistmentof regulars ;!
in eighteen months? And, 111 the mean lime, what i|
might be the condition of the country? He doubt- j-
ed not but some might be converted into regu- ij
!ar troops, but the number was small. And what
was the objection to volunteers? What was the ,j
objection to the volunteer force as it now exists,
and as it existed m the last war, and also in the ;j
war of the Revolution? Engaged for the "war, or j;
for five years, they become efficient soldieis, and ||
for all purposes equal to the regular soldiers. But j.
there was more of chivalry in the volunteer—more ;!
of patriotism—and in him was blended more of the ;|
character of the citizen. l!
He, however, had not risen to occupy the time
of the Senate by making a speech. His object j
was to explain the reasons for his votes. Having j|
accomplished that object—as gentlemen were im- j[
patient to take the vote—he would not go into any j;
consideration respecting the necessity for and jus- ;j
tice of this war. In the course of the session he |
might find an occasion to do so.
Mr. DAYTON said that he was unable to see ;
any good reason why gentlemen who were dis- ij
posed to express their views, either upon this bill t\
or upon the general subjects connected with it, i]
should not do so now. So far as he was able to ■
judge, it seemed manifestly proper that they should
do so at this time. He intended, without infrin-
ging too much, he trusted, on the time of the Senate
—for he was not much in the habit of trenching
upon their time—to make a few general remarks,
as well upon the bill itself as upon the general
subject with which this bill was connected. The
idea that they were not to speak their minds—that
there was something that was to operate as a spe-
cies of gag upon members of that body, he did not
understand. While he would do nothing to throw
obstructions in the way of the prosecution of this
war, he would be more cautious still of hesitating
to express what he thought lest it might be im-
puted to him that he was desirous of interposing
any such obstructions. He would attribute no
such motive to gentlemen on the other side, and
what he would not attribute to them he did not
desire should be attributed to him. Congress had
been calied upon for ten thousand regular soldiers,
to be employed for they knew not how long; and,
as an incident to that call, they were required to
furnish the Executive with patronage, to what
amount they could not well determine. Theie
would bo, they were told, some six hundred or
seven hundred appointments. They had already
been required to authorize some thirty millions of
dollars to be borrowed, they knew not where, and
to be expended they knew not how. They were
ealled on in this way to invest in the hands of the
Executive the control of some seventy-seven
thousand troops for an indefinite space of time,
and to put into his hands some thirty millions of
dollars, to be expended at his discretion.
And here he wished to ask the attention of gen-
tlemen to the fact, that they were called on to
legislate away the entire power of the next Con-
gress, so far at least as applied to its next session—
to legislate away the entire po wer of that Congress
over this entire subject. They were called on, at
the rising of this Congress a lew weeks hence, to
place in the hands of the Executive thirty millions
of dollars and seventy thousand troops, placing
the subject above and beyond the control of the
Congress which would meet here in December
next—a Congress which, he need hardly say,
would, in one of its branches at least, be of a dif-
ferent complexion, and imbued with different views
and different notions upon this subject—a Con-
gress coming fresh from the people, and filled per-
haps with more correct views; and yet they would
be powerless for good or for evil. That Congress
would have nothing to do but to sit in silence and
witness the conduct of the Executive in reference
to the prosecution of this war; and this was asked,
not of their political fnonds alone, but of the op-
ponents of the Administration, and upon the pen-
alty of an imputed charge of treason if they doubt-
ed or hesitated. They were at all times disposed
to yield to the reasonable demands—he had almost
said the unreasonable demands—of the Executive
in time of war. They had met, with an unanimity
almost unparalleled, the calls made upon them m
times past, and they would continue to meet such
calls as might be made to meet the exigencies of
the times; but they claimed at least the privilege
of expressing an opinion upon the subject. Gen-
tlemen on the other side used this as a convenient
weapon. The honorable Senator from Michigan
on two occasions had availed himself of the oppor-
tunity to vindicate, brielly but emphatically, the
course of the Administration. And were they to
remain silent? Weie they to be allowed no ex-
pression of their views at all? The President, by .
his message, had given them a long vindication of
his conduct m times past; his friends upon that ;
floor, the press, all had vindicated him; and yet j
they were to be silent! Other gentlemen might i
speak for themselves, but he wished it to be under- !j
stood that he had no such exuberance of patriotic i1
fervor on an occasion like this, which would lead j1
him to vote millions of dollars without expressing ||
an opinion, merely because the Executive de~ j.
manded it. , |;
The Senator from Michigan had said there was |:
no gentleman in this Chamber that could doubt
there was just cause of war. If that Senator
meant to say, on looking over the long catalogue
of grievances, they might fix on some outrage, in
time past, which, if acted on at the time, might
have justified a war, he (Mr. D.) would not take
issue with him; for he would not express an opin-
ion on a case that he had not carefully examined.
Eut if the Senator from Michigan meant to say
that at'the time it was commenced, there was just
cause of war, he must beg respectfully to take
issue with him. The outrages and grievances of
which complaint was made had been made the
subject of negotiation time and again. They had
been treated of. The docket was almost, and
might have been, but for us, already, cleared. But
after we had laid on our arms so long, and slept
over these things for a quarter of a century, nego-
tiating, making treaties, entering into stipulations,
then to turn upon these things as original griev-
ances, was not to be justified. Mexico had not
denied our claims; she had simply neglected to pay
an acknowledged debt. And how long had this
country held that to be a good cause for war?
Why, all the nations of Europe have, at some
time or other, depredated on our commerce. There
was not one, possessing a marine seaboard, that
was not liable to the charge—England, France,
Spain, Holland, and the Dane. There was not
one that was not liable to the charge; but we had
been patient and long-suffering. Yet now, for the
first time, against a weak republic on our own con-
tinent, these debts were treated as justifiable cause
of war! The principle was behind the age. He
did not believe in it. The cause of this war was
much nearer at hand. It was obvious. It was
simple. It consisted of the annexation of Texas,
and the subsequent order of the President to
i march our army to the Rio Grande, and the placing
of our cannon so that it could sweep the streets of
the Mexican city of Matamoros.
But if we had cause of war, who had the right
to make it? The President? No. The Consti-
tution vested the right in Congress, and the Presi-
dent, by involving us in a war, had overrode the
constitutional power of Congress.
But they were told this was a war for indem-
nities, and it was to be prosecuted in defence of
the rights of our own citizens. Now, he begged
to submit to gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber, what was now the condition of the
Mexican claims? Where are now the treaty stip-
ulations to pay them? What was the argument
of gentlemen against the payment of claims for
French spoliations? Why, they based their argu-
ments on the ground of a quasi war. Where,
then, were the Mexican claims now? If the na-
tional law wore applicable to the French claims,
these Mexican claims were swept away, and
miserable indeed was the chance of payment by
Mexico.
But it was not his purpose to spend much time
on these preliminary matters. Though the Presi*
dent was not the war-making, he was in one sense
the war-conducting power; and the President was
here asking for aid to prosecute the war, which he
intended to carry on vigorously. As, then, the
country was now involved in war, and their only
alternative was a vigorous prosecution of that war,
he was for placing the means necessary for its prose-
cution in the hands of the Executive, though he did
not hesitate distinctly to avow, that if our army
were on this side of the Rio Grande, he would not
vote him one dollar; he would not give him a sin-
gle man; but they were in a position that did not
admit of txn alternative; they were there by the
improper conduct of the Executive, but they were
there; and it became necessary, therefore, to con-
sider what the President had done, and what he
recommended should be done.
There were four aspects in which the conduct of
the Administration, in regard to this war, might be
viewed. The first was political, the second finan-
cial, and the third and fourth related to the naval
and the military operations. The political part of
this campaign had already passed. It consisted of
that admirable specimen of diplomatic ability, by
which the President succeeded m placing a friend
in the very heart of Mexico—a man in whose dis-
position to make peace he had the most unbounded
conlidcncc. He had carried out part of his cam-
paign to the letter. Santa Ana now occupied the
position that the President intended—that was past.
But there was a matter of two millions of dollars
to be appropriated for some vague object—for the
purchase, perhaps, of territory; but were they in a
condition for buying and selling ? They were in a
condition in which war, and war only, could effect
a peace. As for the naval part of the proposition,
there was one matter connected with it upon which
he desired to fix the attention of the Senate; it was
in relation to the recommendation of the Presi-
dent for the issue of letters of marque and reprisal.
