1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
for, they were called upon for ten regiments more
of the same character. No, pardon him, notof the
same, but of a different character. And why was
this? Was there any deficiency in the volunteer
troops? If it were true that the regular troops
were more efficient for the prosecution of this war,
he desired permission to inquire how it happened
that during the long session, from the 9th of May
to the hour of adjournment, it never occurred to
the Administration to call for regular troops. Not
even in December last were they called for, as
was proved by the extracts which had been read
by the Senator from Missouri. The volunteers
had done all they were desired to do; they had
conquered wherever they had gone; how then was
it that they were now found to be inefficient, and
that it was necessary to change them ? How was
it that their services were to be dispensed with and
ten regiments of regulars substituted? Now these
troops were, or they were not, wanted. If more
men were necessary, and the Administration said
so, he was ready to vote them. If they had been
too sparing, he was ready to vote one hundred
thousand or one hundred and fifty thousand men
to prosecute the war to a successful termination.
But no snch reasons had been assigned by the Ad-
ministration. They were told that their victories
had been achieved by the citizen soldiers, but they
did not suit the purposes of the Administration,
and they must have the regular army. "Why ?
But it was said we should vote these ten regi-
ments for another reason: the President has re-
commended it, and we should not put him in a
position to say that he had the responsibility of
conducting the war, and Congress would not give
him what he desired to conduct it successfully.
Why, then, if the President should ask for five
hundred thousand men to be recruited during the
recess of the Senate, on the plea that they were
more efficient, and could be brought into a greater
state of subordination, his friends would be ready
to vote them. No, they would not. Then they
repudiate the idea that they were to concur in all
that the President asks, and vote him supplies
blindly. Give the President all he asks! And
what is that? The patronage of ten additional
regiments. Why, they had been told that we had
two species of enemies in this country, one a for-
eign enemy, and another at home. Surely these
volunteers fight well enough. They conquer wher-
ever they meet the enemy. But perhaps it was
desired to place a recruiting officer in every village,
not to obtain soldiers for the Mexican war, but for
the campaign of 1848. If it were so, he was op-
posed to it. We will conquer the foreign enemy
first. We will compel Mexico to sue for peace,
on terms of which he should judge at the proper
time. He saw in this bill, however, evidence that
these officers were to be put on recruiting stations,
and not sent against the enemy in Mexico, nor
could these ten regiments be raised in less than
twelve or eighteen months. If any one expected
they could be raised sooner, he was mistaken.
But a sovereign remedy had been suggested by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] It was a
plan which he said was resorted to in the last war,
by which every person who could influence suffi-
cient to form a regiment was commissioned as colo-
nel, lieutenant colonel, &c., according to his suc-
cess, and the army was to be filled up with volun-
teers of this sort. What, then, would be the differ-
ence between the army so constituted and the army
as it was constituted in May last? They got the
same officers for the same length of service. There
was one very essential difference, and that was the
transfer of the patronage of the appointments to
the President, from the men who were to be com-
manded with whom the appointments should re-
main, so that the " sovereign remedy" of the Sen-
ator from Michigan was volunteers, whom that
Senator would not trust with these appointments,
preferring to give them to the President. Suppose
it should so happen that the men for these ten regi-
ments should not be raised by June next, when the
term of service of the volunteers will expire, what
was to be done? Call out volunteers was the an-
swer. Well, but if they are inefficient, why call
out volunteers when the desire of the Administra-
tion is to piosecute the war to a " successful ter-
mination ?" He had no idea that these ten regi-
ments would be inlisted, unless it was of men who
desired to be put in situations in which they could
lose their personal identity—who desired to go into
the army as a place of refuge. If there were any
that would inlistfrom patriotic motives, to fight the
battles of their country, where was the difference?
He took it for granted that there was not one such
man that would inlist that would not volunteer,
while there were hundreds of thousands that would
volunteer that never would inlist. A volunteer
leaves a home behind him to which he expects to
return, but the man who inlists in the regular army
looks ahead only. It is his expectation to live and
die m the army. They had been told to be jealous
of standing armies. But it was not so much the
number of which they were to be jealous as the
distinct class of which it was constituted—a class
having separate interests from the citizens. And
yet it was on such a body that they were told
to rely, because they were more subordinate—
because they expected to live and die in the army,
expecting no future home. Let it be borne in mind
that, at the end of five years, all these officers were
to be disbanded, were to return home with the men
they commanded. Would not their conduct, there-
fore, to their men be of a different characer, when
their political prospects, for all future time, de-
pended on their treatment of the soldiers under
their command? Most assuredly it would. Where
then was the difference ? The one class of troops
they could get, and the other they could not. The
influences were the same in both cases; the prin-
ciple of subordination was the same. But if they
could get legulars, they would get a class of men
with no sympathies m common with the people.
For one, he said, God forbid that this country
should ever depend on the "jail birds" of the old
world. We cannot rely on such men. He con-
curred with the President of the United States,
when he said it was cause of congratulation that
the experiment which had been made had been so
successful, and that the volunteer soldiers were
always ready and efficient ill maintaining the dig-
nity of the country. But if that were so, why
change them? Why trust the liberties of the
people in the hands of a separate and a distinct
class, having no feelings in common with the
country which they had to defend ? He would not
raise his hand against a foreigner's entering the
service of the United States; but why resort to
such means, when, so long as the honor of the
country was involved, they could appeal success-
fully to the patriotism of volunteers? When
they were engaged in a war which was sustained
by the moral sense of the community, they wotild
always find the volunteer ready to march against
the enemy. In the one case, they were mere ma-
chines, with no heart, no soul; while in the other,
they were men prompted by feelings of patriotism.
He preferred that species of soldier. The country
was safer in their hands, than in the hands of regu-
lar troops—mere machines.
He now begged permission to proceed to notice
some other points which suggested themselves to
his mind.
A SENATOR asked the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to give way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. JARNAGIN assented, and an adjournment
was moved.
Mr. BENTON appealed to the Senate to post-
pone all further debate on this bill, that it might
be passed. If gentlemen dHired to continue the
debate, they would have an opportunity to do so
on another bill which had come to them from the
House of Representatives on the subject of bounty
lands. This bill might be divested of all amend-
ments now pending, and they might be levived
when the other bill came under consideration, and
this bill would no longer be delayed in its passage.
Mr. ATCHISON suggested that the army bill
should be laid aside and the land bill be taken up.
Mr. BENTON could not assent to this bill being
laid aside any more.
A SENATOR inquired if themotion to adjourn,
which was not debatable, was not in order.'
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, by yeas and nays, and they resulted thus:
Yeas 26, nays 23.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 27, 1847.
The Journal ofyesterday wasread and approved.
Mr. WICK rose, and, by leave of the House,
said: Mr. Speaker, the reporter of the Baltimore
Sun seems to be an imaginative individual, of the
same genus with the gentleman who writes letters
from the army for that snug periodical. In his
report of yesterday's proceedings in this House, he
has put into my mouth these words:
"He (Mr. Wick) was ready to vote for the most extrava-
gant measures which the Administration might lecommend,
it" they were necessary to sustain the Democratic party."
I neither said -what is thus attributed to me, nor
anything like it, to excuse a blunder so atrocious.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid before
the House the following communications:
I. A message from the President of the United
States, prepared in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 7th instant,
requesting the President " to furnish the House
' with a statement showing the whole amount al-
i lowed and paid at the treasury during the year
* ending 30th June, 1846, for postages of the Exec-
( utive departments of the Government, and for the
' several officers and persons authorized by the act
£ approved 3d March, 1846, to send or receive mat-
' ter through the mails free, including the amount
' allowed or allowable, if charged in the postages
' of any officers or agents, military, naval, or civil,
* employed in or by any of said departments."
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the 11th section
of the act of August 26, 1842, a statement of the
names of clerks and other persons employed in
the Treasury Department during the past year,
with the sums paid to each. Laid on the table,
and ordered to oe printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the 20th section
of the act of the 26th of August, 1842, a detailed
statement of the manner in which the contingent
fund of the Treasury Department has been ex-
pended during the year ending the 30th of Septem-
ber last; and also of the southeast Executive build-
ing. Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of the JNavy,
transmitting, in compliance with the provisions of
tlie act of March 3d, 1809, an abstract of expen-
ditures under the head of contingent expenses of
the Navy Department for the year ending the 30th
September, 1846. Laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
V. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in pursuance of the acts of April 21,
1808, and March 3d, 1809, a statement of contracts
made by the .Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
in behalf of the JNavy Department, for "supplies
for the navy" during the 'fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1847. Laid on the table, and order-
ed to be printed.
VI. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of the 26th
of August, 1842, and a resolution of the House of
Representatives of January 13, 1846, a statement
showing the names of clerks and other persons
employed in the.Navy Department during the
year 1846, the sum paid to each, and the residence
of each at the time of his appointment. Laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
VII. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in pursuance of the act of May 1, 1820, a
report showing the balances of appropriation in
the Treasury on the 1st of July, 1845; the appro-
priations made for the fiscal year, (1845-6;) the re-
payments and transfers in that year; the amount
applicable to the service of the years 1845-6; the
amounts drawn by requisition from the Treasury
in the same time; and, finally, the balances on the
1st of July, 1846, with the dates of such appro-
priations as have remained unexpended for more
than two years after the expiration of the calendar
year in which they were passed. Laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported the following joint
resolution:
Resolved, 3"r., That the President of the United States is
hereby auihouzed and requested lo cause suitable gold und
silver medals to bo prepared and presented to the ofhceis
and men belonging or attached to the French, British. nnd
Spanish ships-of-war, in riie harbor of Vera Ciuz, who so
aallantlv, nnd at the imminent pen'l of their lives, aided in
reseuinis fiom a water* grave many of the officers and crew
of the United States brig SQjners.
The resolution was read three times and passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH (by leave) presented
certain resolutions of the Legislature of Illinois,
asking donations of land for the establishment of
township libraries; and also asking appropriations
