272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27.
for the continuation and completion of the Cum-
berland road.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON (by leave) offered
the following resolution, which was read and
agreed to:
Resohed, That tile Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are heieby, requested and instructed to take into con-
sideration the third section of an act entitled "An act to
establish the Smithsonian Institution for me increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men," approved on the lOtli
day of August, 1846, which piovides for the appointment of
regents and other officers of said Institution; and that they
report to this House whether, m their opinion, the offices
eieatod by said third section aie civil offices in the meaning
of the Constitution of the United States; and that said com-
mittee report the result of their deliberation to this House
at the earhe&t moment piacticable.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS asked leave to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President inform this House
whether the United States have any diplomatic rep-
resentative to the Government of .Mexico; if not,
when they ceased to have such representative; and
if the United States have such representative, who
he is, and what compensation he receives.
The resolution being objected to—
Mr. DAVIS moved to postpone the special or-
der to enable him to offer the resolution.
The House refused to postpone the special order.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON, from ilie Com-
mittee ofWays and Means, reported a billmaking
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30th, 1848.
Head and committed.
jV!r. SEAMAN moved for the printing of two
memorials, one from the Chamber of Commerce of |j a(ter se£ aPaU lavv fur tllat P^P0^*
Mr. STEWART moved to amend the second
section of the substitute, by adding the following
proviso, which was disagreed to:
" provided, That all persons entitled to warrants under
this act shall have a rigrit to exchange the same for scrip at
the rate of$l 25pci acre, to be received in payment tor land
at tao land offices oi the United States, at par."
Mr. McHENRY moved to amend the second
section of the substitute, by adding at the end
thereof the following, which was disagreed to:
" Or upon its being shown upon the returns to the proper
office that lie is entitled to such discharge; and to prevent
any misconstiuetion, it is hereby declared, that when the
returns show ati,> one entitled to a oisehaige,it ^ hall be deem-
ed an honorable di->cuaige, unless the contrary appear in the
return.''
Mr. CUMMINS moved to amend the second
section of the substitute by adding, after the words
" non-commissioned officer/' the words " who has
i! served since the first day of May, 1846.'' Itwould
!j then read "that each private soldier, musician, and
j| non-commissioned officer, who has served since the
ij first day of May, 1846, is now serving, or shall
|| serve,35 &c. Agreed to.
I Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved to amend
•i the fourth section of the substitute so as to embrace
h in its provisions " those who have been killed or
I! died in the regular or volunteer service of the Uni-
ted States since the first day of May last." Agreed
to.
Mr. CUMMINS moved to strike out the pro-
viso of the fifth section, viz:
" Provided, That all bounties of land granted by this act
' shall be located m such distuct or districts as shah be here-
New York, and the other fiom the Irish Emigrant
Society of the same city, winch had been present-
ed by his colleague [Mr. Maclay] under the rule.
Mr. CHAPMAN rose and objected.
Mr. SEAMAN said he hoped that the House
would consent to the printing of these memorials;
they were very short, and w eie m the nature of re-
monstrances against a repeal of the pilot law of the
State of New York. As that subject was now be- j
fore the Senate, and a bill had been reported in '
that body for its repeal, and wouKi soon come to be i
acted on in this House, it was therefore manifestly
proper that the House should have these remon-
strances before them before action upon that bill.
The memorial of the pilots for the repeal of the law
had been printed. The Chamber of Commerce, as
was well known, consisted of some of the most
ltspectable merchants of the oity of New Yoik;
and the Irish Emigrant Society was second to none
in its? deeds of benevolence. He hoped the punt-
ing would be oidered; the memorials were both
very short.
The motion to print was rejected.
Mr. SEAMAN said he had done his duty, and
the memorialists would now understand the im-
portance of petitioning this House.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, by leave, presented
the memoiml of the Society of Friends, of Indiana,
in yearly meeting assembled, praying the adoption
of such measures as will effect a speedy termina-
tion of the war with Mexico. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
BOUNTY LANDS TO THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole (Air. McClel-
land in the chair) on the bill to increase the pay
of the Army.
The question pending when the committee rose
yesterday was on agreeing to the amendment offer-
ed by Mr. Reid, as follows:
k<r5rc.2. Be it farther enacted, That each private, non-
e0!nmi--i0ned officer, and musician, who -hall h.ivo been
received into the service of the United States since the com-
mencement ot the war with Mexico for le-^s than twelve
jn'-nrii", and "-hall have served lor sach tcnu, or until hon-
orably di-charypd, shall be entitled to receive a wajiant foi
eighty aetes ot land, which may be subject to private entry;
and in the e*vnt of the doatn of such volunteer dming his
t<-r;n of ^-erviee, or after an honorable discharge, but befoic
the pa—aze < t this act, then the warrant foi such land shall
i-Mie to tin' wife, child, or eluldien, it there be any, and if
none, then to the fathei, and ii tlieie be no lather, then to
the mother of  uch deceased volunteer "
Mr. REID modified his amendment this morn-
ing, by adding thereto the following proviso:
a Provided, That nothing contained in this section shall be
con-tnu'dto give bounU land to vueh volunteeis as v\eie
aej'i'ptcd into service and dischaiged without being inarched
to the   eat of war."'
The amendment was agreed to: Ayes 95, noes
not counted.
Disagreed to.
jl Mr. McHENRY moved to amend the proviso
ij of the fifth section (the proviso which Mr. Cum-
[| mints moved to strike out) by stiiking out ail afier
lithe woul "located," and inserting "upon any
I! lands subject to private entry at the date of the
!j warrant or the time of its location, and shall be
located within two years fiom its date." Dis-
agreed to.
Mr. CUMMFNS moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the fifth section, and insert the
following; which was disagreed to:
" That lhe child or children, if there be any, but if there
be no t hiid oi children, then the lather, and it the father be
dead, then the mothei, and if there be no child oi eluldien,
fatjier or molhei, then the next ot km of the blood of any
non-eoiumu-sioned officei, musician, oi puvate, oi the aimy
or the United States, or nuhtia or volunteers serving in said
ami}, and who are embraced in any ot the pieceding pans
of mis act, who may be killed in b.utle or die in the service
dinimr the e\i-ting war with Mexico, shall be entitled to a
wairant fiom the Umt"d States tor one bundled and sixty
acres of land, and shall be entitled to locate the same upon
any lands of the Unit) d States subject to puvate entry at
the time said wan ants may be located, ill the same manner
the non-commissioned officei, musician, and private, could
have done, it living, according to the seveial provisions of
this, a-'t: lJrovided, always, That the widow ot any non-
coinnn-sioncd officer, musician, or private, who may be
killed in battle or die in the seivice as afoiesaid, shall m all
cases be entitled to li.ue and enjoy a life estate in the land
afotesaid, for winch their respective husbands may have
served, winch said condition granting a hre estate to the
widow afore:aid shall in all cases he expiessed in tin patent
issued upon any of the warrants last afoiosaid* Provided,
also, That all wan ants issued under the piovi ,ions ol tins
act shall be located within two ycais from the date of said
wairants respective!). W
" Pro 6. JJttdLe it further enacted, That the land warrant*
provided foi by tins act, and issued under the provision- of
the same, shall not lv> assignable, negotiable, or m anv man-
ner tiaiisfeuible, and all assignment-*, sab-?, tiansfers, or
conveyances of any o *said wan ants, oi of an* mtei est, right,
prope  tv, or estate iri the same, or in oi to any bind upon
which the -ame ma\ be located, and aHo all bargains, con-
tacts. or agi cements for thebaic, transfer, or encumbrance
of any of said w;n rants, or any interest m the same, or of
any land upon which any of said wai rants may be located,
or of anv right, mtui est, property, or estate in or to any of
s:aid land, made oi enteied into pnor to the time said war-
rants shall have been located, and patents issued thereon,
shall be held and considered to be, and the same are hereby
deebucd to be, null and void.
« Slc. 7. «ind he it further enacted. That neither the war-
rants aforesaid, noi the lands upon which the same n.a> be
locaied. nor any interest oi estate therein, shall be liable to
be taken in execution or ^old, on account of any debt, fine,
or amercement contracted or mcuired by non-commissioned
otiiceis. mu-icians, or privates, their widows, or heirs, afore-
said, prior to the dale of the patents issued to them respec-
tively, in manner atore<aid."
Mr. FRIES offered the following as an additional
section, which was disagreed to:
That no individual shall be permitted to locate more than
two warrants, except those who have inheuted the same,
without first making oath, belore a propei officer, of their
intention to -settle upon and impiove the tame; and that the
; patent for such land shall not be issued until four vears after
i tiie location ot the warrant, at which time, should the land
! not be occupied and improved, it shall revert to the Govern-
ment, unless the warrant is held by the person, or his legal
heirs, for whose benefit it was issued."
Mr. WHITE moved to strike out the two last
lines of the proviso to the fifth section. Disagreed
to.
Mr. POLLOCK offered the following as addi-
tional sections:
"J3n& be it further marled, That the provisions of this act,
so far as they relate to the granting of bounty lands, be, and
the came are hereby, extended to the officei s and soldiers
who sesved in the campaigns against the Indians under Gen-
erals George Kogers Clark, Artliui St. Glair, Harmar, and
Wayne, or cither of them, and who were horioiably dis-
charged; and to the widow, if there be one, and if there be
no widow, then to the child or children, of such officer and
soldier seiving as aforesaid, who may have been killed in
battle or died in said seivice, or who may have been honor-
ably discharged fiom said seivice.
" Jind he it further enacted, That the provisions of this act,
so far as they iclate to the granting of bounty lands, be, and
the same are hereby, extended to the officers and soldiers,
whether regulars, militia, or volunteers, who may have
served at least six months in the late war with Great Brit-
ain, and been honorably de-chaieed, and to the widow, if
there be one, and if there be no widow, then to the child or
children, of such officer and soldier rvuig as aforesaid, who
may have been killed in battle oi died in the &ci vice, or who,
having been honorably discharged, has since died."
The question was taken separately on these two
sections; and they were disagreed to.
Mr. GENTRY offered the following as an addi-
tional section:
"Be it further enacted, That the sum of five hundred thou-
sand dollais be and the same is hereby appropriated, which
shall be applied by the Secretary of War to piovide for the
comfort of dn-chaiged soldiers who may be landed at New
Orleans, so disabled by sickness or wounds received m the
service, as to b° unable to proceed to their homes, and to
furmsh means Jto forward destitute soldiers to their homes."
Mr. GENTRY said he knew debate was out of
order, but he hoped the committee would permit a
letter to be read which communicated the informa-
tion which induced him to offer that amendment.
If the committee would hear that letter read, it
would be seen by all that the appropriation was
demanded by every principle of humanity, and
that no appropriation of on equal amount could
prevent as much human misery.
Objection being made on the left of the chair—
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the letter could
not be read.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. POLLOCK again offered the last section of
his amendment. Disagreed to.
Mr. MORRIS offered the following as an addi-
tional proviso; which was disagreed to:
" Provided further, That any person who may be entitled
to bounty land under the provisions ot this act may enter
any quarter section of land belonging to the United States
subject to entry, for the purpose ot settlement by himself,
and so soon as satisfactory evidence is made to the Commis-
sioner of the General La'rid Office that any peisou had en-
tered and occupied any such land for the space of five yeais,
such per-on shall be entitled to, and shall receive a patent
foi the same."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON offered an amend-
ment (a copy of which could not be obtained) to
: come m as an additional section.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. RATHBUN offered the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
"In order to do directly what is by this bill done indi-
rectly,
" Be it further enacted, That the section of the bill pro-
viding foi the issue of treasury notes, piercing the proceed*
of the public lands foi the ledempUon theieof, or for tho
payment of the principal and interest of the loan provided
i tor in said bill, be and the ham* is hereby repealed."
I The CHAIRMAN ruled this amendment out of
s order.
j Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, moved the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section :
" Jlnd.be %t further enacted, That the sum of £400,000 be
and the same is hereb\ appiopnated, which shall t>e applied
i bv the Secietaiv of Wai to jnovide for the comfort < t dis-
I charged eoldieis who may ho landed at New Orleans so dis-
1 abied by sickness or wound* received m the seivice as to
1 be unable to proceed to their homes, and to furnish means
' to foi ward destitute soldiers to then homes "
: Agreed to by tellers: ayes 81, noes 58.
i Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT offered the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section, which
was disagreed to:
" *1nd be it further enacted, That each commissioned offi-
cer, non-commissioned officer, and soldier of the old fourth
! regiment of United States mfantiy, who served during any
j part ot the late war with Great Britain, and was regularly
I discharged and who has not received a bounty in land from
i the United'states, shall be allowed, under such regulations
! as shall be prescribed by the Secretary ot the Treasury, one
i hundred and sixty acres ot land a* a bounty from the United
