274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
and decided in the negative—Yeas 22, nays 153,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashman, James Black, Bnffing-
ton, CSnpman, i):,lano, Dockeiy, Foot, Giddimrs, Gnmieil,
Hale, Hudson, I). P. King, Lewis, IVIc'D.miul, McGdughey,
Mellvain^', Marsh, Hfithbuii, Ripiey, J Rockwell, ychenck,
Caleb B. Smith, Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, and Vance
—;26.
NAYS—Mebsrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Arnold, At-
kinson, Banmsrer, Bedingei, Be']. Benton, Bjtfgs,
J. A. Black. Bowdon, B'Avlin, Bmd, Brinkerhofi', Bioek'en-
brousli, Brodhead, William G. Biown, Bmt, William W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, CanoJI, Jonn G. Chapman,
Augustus A Cnapman, il^uben' Chapman, Chase, Clarke,
* Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Collin, Cornell, Cranston,Ciozjer,
Ctdlom, Cummins, Cunniiurham, Daniel, Darwin, Garrett
Davi^j Dp Mott, Dillingham, Di\on, Dobbin, "Douglas*. Drom-
aon'p, Dmdap, Ed-=ail," OMeu, EIMvoiili, Erdmah, Edwin H.
Ewmg, Faian, Fickhn, Foster. Fnos, Gauin, Gentiy, Giic<,
Goidim, Gialmm, Grider, Gfover, Ilainhn, Hampton, N.uul
son, Ilarmar^on, IJaj.Tinjr?. Henley, IJnuTird, Ho<r<\ EIkv- B.
Holmes, Hopkins, IIou<;h, Georje S. Houston, Edmund \V.
JIubnrd, Ilun^crtonl, James B. ffunr, Charh V J. Ingei.-oJI
Joccph It. Iri^orsoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, Geo'g,-: W. J'~-ne>\ Kaiitmpn,Thomas Rutlei King, !
Leake, Leffler, La Sore, J^evm, Lon^, Lumpkin, Mac'iu,
MeCb an, i\K CJelland. MeOlernand, Mc Cintc, James Mc-
Dowell, McHenry, McKa\, John P. Slartm, Miller, Morris,
Mo^elev, Moulton, Pamsh. IVmli, Pttiy, Piielps, Pili-vhuiy,
Pollock,'Ramsey, Reid, Relic, Ithm, Bitter, Robert', John
A. Rockwall. Root, Saw telle, Sawjvr, Scaimnon, S- aman,
Seddon, Severance, Alexandei D. Sims. Leonard H. Sim<.
Simpson, Tiiinian Smith, Albert Smith, Thomis Smith',
Stanton, Stephens. Stfw.ut, Strong, S\k<s, Tliibodaux,
Thompson, Jacob Thomson. Thin man, Tihbatts, Toombs,
Tiudway, Vinton, Weiitworth, White. Wick. William*,
VYihrvit, Wood, YVoodumd, Young, and Yos-t—153.
So the rules were not suspended.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Ficklix
in the choir,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the bill making appi opriations for the Naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1848.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved an amend-
ment to the second item of the bill abolishing the
spirit ration to the men in the navy, and allowing
them six cents per day m lieu of the same.
Mr. R. promised not to discuss any other ques-
tion than that which lelated to the amendment,
and on this he should be very brief. He consid-
ered it an alteration m the existing rules of the
navy, which was of great practical importance, it
was required alike by the good of the naval service
and the good of our brave tars themselves. The
spirit ration, he contended, was wholly unneces-
sary and positively injurious, ft increased sick-[
ness and death, multiplied detritions, mipaned the !
force of discipline, occasioned fiequent loss of life, 1
and involved a great pecuniary loss to the country.
On .til thc-'e subjects we had Lid the amplest expe-
rience. It was a lad that in the meiclian t sei vice a
large proportion of our vessels now sailed without
any ardent spirits on board; especially was this
the case in the whale fishery. The greater part
of our whalers were temperance vessels, and car-
ried no spirits at all. Theie were now engaged in
this branch of service no less than seven hundred
and thirty-six vessels, with a tonnage of two hun-
dred and twenty-emht thousand ions, and nineteen
thousand five hundred and sixty men and officers.
Of this large number of vessels, fully nine-tenths
had no spirits on bonni.
Mi. II. said his fnend from New Bedford, who
was thoroughly mfotmcd on these subjects, would
coned his statement if it was incorrect.
Mr. GR1NNELL confirmed the position taken
by Mr. 11., observing that the proportion he had :
stated was under rather than over the truth as to j
the proportion of vessels sailing without rum.
Mr. ROCKWELL. It appeared, then, that nine
out of ten of all our whaleis had no spirit ration
allowed; and yet a more arduous service was not'
known upon the ocean: far move so than on board ;
our ships of war. In all the vessels of our navy j
there weie but about eight thousand men employ-
ed, while in this whaling sen-ice there weie moie
than nineteen thousand. Thus, then, all the expe-
rience of our commercial marine was in favor of
dispensing with the spirit ration, as not only un-
necessary but as positnely injurious.
On the late Exploring Expedition, even durino-
the severest winter sen ice, and that in the highest
latitudes, no spirits u\ore made use of;, and the re-
syJt had been that that branch of the general naval
service was a decided gainer. The most intelligent
officeis (if the navy testified that the service did
?iot require a stimulus of thus description. The
interior service on our water-courses and lakes, in j
steunivessels and others, all gave the same um-!
form result, viz: that as you decreased the quantity || that any reflecting and intelligent man could possi-
of spirits consumed, you increased the amount of ;j bly oppose so reasonable and so salutary a jnopo-
the efficiency leahzed. |! S2-l that of dispensing with the spirit ration in
Mr. R. said that, in support of the general po-)( the navy. On every other subject it was deemed
sition he had assumed, he had before him abun- |i the part of a wise man to listen to the voice of
dant evidence, diav/n fiom the army as well as the |j experience, and to have his judgment and conelu-
navy. So entne was the conviction of this truth
m the army, that there the spirit ration had been
abolished altogether, and with gieat advantage to
the service.
Mr. R. here read extracts from reports of the
War Department.
Mr. TOOMBS wanted to know whether the
sailors of our Government vessels could not, as the !
sions swayed by evidence. But on what subject
did experience speak with a more distinct and more
unvarying voice than on this subject? Who could
listen to the explicit and abundant evidence quoted
by his colleague on this subject, and not admit
that the good of the service would be promoted by
abolishing this blot on the navy regulations ? Why-
should not that which had been found true in the
, law stood, commute their spirit ration for other ;l merchant service, in the whaling service, m the
allowances ? j| Exploring Expedition, and which was so unques-
! Mr. ROCKWELL said that, as the law had :j tionable as to have influenced the calculations of
I lately been modified, they could. !j merchants and capitalists, and affected the rates of
j Mr. TOOMBS. But you want to compel them. j( insurance, be equally true on board our shins of
| Mr. ROCKWELL said he wanted to have the ; war? Were our seamen there exposed to greater
| spirit ration abolished in the navy, as it had been \ hardships from the elements, or greater fatigues
in the army.
i Mr. 11. proceeded to produce facts from these
! reports showing the evil tendency of the use of
i spirits by our sailors.
j After quoting also the testimony of General
I Gaines, he adduced that of the Secretary of the
\ Navy, which was to the same effect. He next
j referred to the conviction of the underwriters m
J our great coimneiciai cities of the happy effects of
i dispensing with the use of spirits at sea, which
I had been so strong and so uniform that a number
j of the companies had come to the agreement to
J deduct five per cent, from the premiums demanded
■ by them lor insurance in all cases where the ves-
sels insured sa.led without spirits on board.
Mr. R. said that the facts he had thus establish-
! ed went fully to show that it would be wise and
! wholesome to adopt the amendment he had pro-
: posed, and abolishing the spirit ration entirely.
and exposures in duty than in the whaling service
in our northern seas? If men could penetrate to
the poles and chase the monsters of the deep in
every tempestuous sea without the stimulus of
ardent spirits, how could it be necessary on board
our national vessels of war* Who would consent
to debauch the character of our bold and brave
tais, by holding daily to their lips the deleterious
poison which had wrought ruin in the habits of so
many thousands ? Why could the soldier brave
the front of battle without any such provision front
his government, and the sailor be thought incapa-
! hie of a like degree of resolution? Who would
j degrade the high character of either our sailors or
j soldiers by holding that they could not efficiently
; discharge their duty without being stimulated to it
j by the force of intoxicating liquor? Let experi-
ence speak, and it would testify that those who
rejected the spirit ration were as able-bodied, bold,
Nearly half the common sailors now employed eflerrive seamen, as orderly in their habits, and a«
our navy were foreigners, and from their n teg-
ular habits, the efficiency of the service was daily
diminishing. It was not as it had been during the
last war, where, in some instances, more than
three hundred of the men in one ship were New
England freeholders. Now, a very large number
were foreigners, of so bad a description as to be
rejected from the commcrcial marine; and the con-
sequence was, that hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars were lost from desertions. An estimate had
been made on board our Exploring Expedition
j that the time usually consumed m the daily distri-
i bution of grog would, if so used m that expedi-
| tion, havp amounted in all to not less than thiee
j months; for this useless and pernicious operation
, consumed in our ships-of-war an hour and a half
! a day. [Some sneering remarks being here made
j aside, near Mr. R., accompanied with laughter,]
! he said that he did not address these remarks in
! quarters where he knew that all appeals on a sub-
( ject of this kind were useless, but for the sake of
1 many thousands of the young men in the naval
j service of the country, who might yet be saved
; from confirmed habits of intemperance. But even
: putting the amendment on no higher than merely
pecuniary considerations, it certainly ought to be
adopted, as great amounts of property would be
saved by it to the Government; and it might on
this ground be voted for by those who did not
adopt the temperance principles in their own prac-
tice. He thought, however, that it was unworthy
of that House to lend itself, even if this were not
so, to the promotion of vice in our navy. Every-
body knew—theiecords of the courts, the testi-
mony of our judges would show—that three-
fourths of the crimes that blackened our judicial
annals were occasioned by the use of intoxicating
drink. Surely it did not become an American
Congress to put such a debasing temptation to the
very lips of those who served the country in the
capacity of our biave defenders. He hoped the
House would adopt the amendment.
Mr. EW1NG, of Tennessee, expressed a wish
to address the House on this hill, hut did not de-
sire to move for an adjournment to prevent any gen-
tleman's speaking who was prepared to do so now.
Mr. HAMLIN expressed a desire to speak.
Mr. EWING then said he would yield the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained it, but consented to
yield it temporarily to
Mr. DIXON, of Connecticut, who moved an
amendment, a copy of which was not obtained.
Mr, D. said it seemed scarcely credible to him
lelmble in the hour of danger as tho&e who were
the most clamorous for their grog; and if gentle-
men wished to trace out the measure to its results,
let them inquire which saved the most of their hard
earnings for a faithful wife or an aged parent at
home. He trusted that theamendment would meet
with general favor.
Mr. HAMLIN said he had been instructed by
the committee to which he belonged to report a bill
for increasing the number of surgeons and assist-
ant surgeons in the naval service.
Mr. T. B, KING inquired whether it was rele-
vant for the gentleman to debate a subject of that
kind on an amendment to abolish the spirit ration?
Mr. HAMLIN reminded him that m Commit-
tee of the Whole gentlemen could talk about what
they pleased. "
Voices: " Oh no, not quite ?o bad as that.'*"
The CHAIR allowed Air. Hamlin to proceed-
Mr. HAMLIN said that if gentlemen would ex-
amine the documents on iile and the reports of the
Secretary of the Navy, they would find that a
greater number of surgeons was necessary. It was
his purpose to offer at the proper time an amend-
ment to accomplish that object; but as lie should
then probably be piecluded from stating bis rea-
sons m favor of that measure, he would embrace
the present opportunity.
The Navy Department were of opinion that as
many as twenty-six would be desirable,, though
Mr. H. would not say that he deemed that num-
ber indispensably necessary. The committee had
not proposed more than half that number. They
desired the present number to be augmented by the
addition of thirteen. He believed that that num-
| ber was needed by the proper condition of the ser-
; vice and the number of men employed. Mr. II.
should move an amendment at the proper time
making thai increase.
Mr. S. ADAMS expressed his cordial appro-
bation of the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man fiom Connecticut, [Mr. Rockwell,] and he-
would state a few facts in addition in those which
had been already quoted in its support, and which
were so much in point. The sailor who received
daily an allowance of six cents instead of his dram
would, at the end of the year, have received, in-
stead of that pernicious poison, the sum of twenty-
two dollais. This would enable him to purchase
a little bit of land, or some other comfort or ben-
efit for himself or his family. Buy what he would,
he could lay out the money for nothing that would
not be preferable to intoxicating- spirit.
