1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Mr. A. thought it high time this Government
ceased to be the wholesale distributor of bodily
and mental poison to those who served it in the
most exposed situations. He called it a poison,
for though it operated slowly as such to the physi-
cal system of men, its operation was fearfully swift
on all their moral qualities and habits. Conten-
tion, strife, sickness, disobedience, loss of reputa-
tion and loss of life, all followed in its train. Ought
the Government to use its power to make drunk-
ards of those who served it? The liquor it dis-
tributed added nothing to either health or strength,
and no man could pretend that it was necessary.
On the contrary, he believed it to be the source of
more evil than anything else in use among men.
When the gentleman from Connecticut said that
one-half the crimes committed in the community
might be traced to the use of intoxicating drinks,
he did not go far enough; he might with equal
truth have stated it at ninetcen-twentieths. He
believed that at least that proportion of all the
murders and all the assaults and batteiies com-
mitted had this origin.
He knew that statements of this kind often ex-
cited a strange levity in some minds: but children
would laugh and sport on the brink of the most
fearful precipice; and men used the most deadly
weapons with a carelessness and security which
often led to their destruction. To the considera-
tion of a reflecting man it presented very serious
results, and he felt it to be the duty of Congress to
protect our seamen from so great a danger. Some
gentlemen said that the sailors would have it; it
might be so; but if it must be so, let it at least be
the voluntary act of the sailor himself; let not the
Government hold out the temptation and put it to
their lips.
Mr. A. here left the subject of the spirit ration,
and went into a general discussion of the war and
defence of the Administration. When he ha (j;
concluded—
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
progress. j
Mr. WENTWORTFI, on leave given, reported
a bill from the Committee on Commerce, autho-
rizing the erection of light-houses; which was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. HOPKINS ottered a resolution in the usual
form,providing that all debate on the naval appro-
priation bill should terminate to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
And, pending this resolution, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Tiiusrday, January 28, 1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, enclosing a letter from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, explaining the reasons for
his delay in replying to the resolution of the Senate
calling for a statement of the public lands now in
market; which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT the communica-
tion was ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, instructing
their Senators and requesting their Representatives
to use their exertions to obtain the assent of Con-
gress to the sale of the salt springs in that State,
in such manner as the Legislature thereof may
direct; which was read, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. UPHA M presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Vermont, in favor of a speedy termination
of the war with Mexico, and the settlement of all
matters in controversy between the United States
and that republic by arbitration or negotiation, and :
against the admission of any new State into the
Union whose constitution tolerates slavery; which ,
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed, j
Mr. CAMERON" presented a memorial of D. j
V. Gtuenaudon, proposing to establish a colony in
the Territory of Oregon, and to organize the col-
onists into a regiment of cavalry to serve during
the war without pay, on condition that arms and
provisions be provided by the United States; which
were referred to the Committee on Territores and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CILLEY presented a petition of citizens !
of New Hampshire, praying the establishment of1
a mail route from Deerfield to New Market in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a communication fiom
James Maher, the public gaidener, relative to the
amount of money necessary to keep the public
grounds in order; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Buildings.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of a convention
of farmers, gardeners, and silk culturists, held in
New York, praying the establishment of a Depart-
ment of Agriculture; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition of
Thomas Palmer and Oliver Hyde, concerning the
construction of a military road fiom Green Bay to
Fort Wilktns; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas county, Arkansas, praying the estab- j
lishment of a mail route from Arkansas west, on !
the route to Little Rock: which was referred to :
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHALMERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to provide for the erec-
tion of a custom-house in the city of Savannuh;
which was read a first time.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affdiis, reported a bill providing for the build-
ing and equipment of four naval steam ships; which
was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Committceon
the Library were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of Robert Owen, and it
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. |
Mr. FAIRFIELD, fiom the Committee on Na- j
val Affairs, reported without amendment the fol- '
lowing bills from the House of Representatives: I
An act for the relief of William T. Walthall; ]
An act for the relief of James T-T. Conley; j
An act for the relief of Thomas N. Newell; '
An act for the relief of Henry La Remtree; I
An act for the relief of Susan Brum;
An act for the relief of the legal lepresentatives
of Thomas Shields, deceased;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Adams; and
Joint resolution for the settlement of the accounts
of Purser G. R. Barry.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. NILES submitted the following-resolution;
which lies over for consideration:
Resolved, That to meet the expenses of the exist-
ing war with Mexico, to sustain the public credit, j
and give efficiency to the operations of the treasu- i
ry, demand an addition to the revenue which may
reasonably be expected from the existing laws of '
from five to ten millions of dollars per annum. j
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate such j
additional revenue may be raised from imposts, by ]
increasing the rates of duties on importations now
subject to duty, and a moderate duty upon all or a
pari of the free list; that such additional duties, if
judiciously imposed, will not be seriously burden-
some to any portion of the people, but would be
cheerfully borne by them in a time of war; that m
the judgment of the Senate it is highly necessary
that such additional revenue be raised duiing the
continuance of the war, and that the same be
pledged for_the interest and the ledemption of the
principal of the loans which have been, or may he,
authorized for the prosecution of the war in which
the country is engaged.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to contract with Mr. Charles Preuss for
constructing a topographical map of the great cen-
tral section of the Rocky Mountains, with the lat-
eral and rib mountains on each side, down to the
edge of the Great Plains on the east, and to Great
SaTtLakeon the west, and showing the head wateis
of all the great rivers rising in that section of the
Rocky Mountains, and flowing to the Pacific Ocean
and to the Mississippi; to be compiled from the
field note«, journals, and sketches of Lieutenant
Colonel Fremont, and his assistant, Charles Preuss;
the said map, besides the topography of the coun-
try, to show the results of the astronomical* baro-
metrical, meteorological, botanical, geological, and
other scientific observations of Lieutenant Colonel
Fivmont, so as to exhibit the latitude and longitude
I of remarkable places, the elevation of the country,
| the temperature of the air, and state of the weather;
j also characteristic trees, plants, flowers, and grass-
! es; characteristic minerals, fossils, earths, and
| rocks; with remarks to show the woodland and
■ prairies, Indian tribes, game, &c.; with additions
which the present expedition of Lieutenant Colo-
nel Fremont may contribute to the work. Also,
a map of Oregon and California in the same style,
from the materials of the same explorer, and other
authentic sources.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted the following
resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
|j instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
|| voicing or modifying the power of the Secretary
jj of the Treasury to authorize the issuing of certifi-
j! cates of the deposite of goods in the public stores
!; to the owners or importers thereof.
I| The joint resolution from the House authorizing
and lequesting the President of the United States
! to cause suitable gold and silver medals to be pre-
, pared and presented to the officeis and men belong-
ing or attached to the French, British, and Spanish,
j ships of war m the harbor of Vera Cruz, who so
; gallantly, and at the imminent peril of their lives,
,! aided in rescuing from a watery grave many of the
, officers and crew of the United States brig Somers,
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
j; Naval Affairs.
i INCREASED PAY, ETC., TO SOLDIERS.
IJ The bill from the House to increase the pay of
j! the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
ll vates, of the Army of the United States, and the
!; militia and volunteers in the service of the same,
ji and allowing them bounty land in certain cases,
was road twice, and referred to the Committee on
j Military Affairs.
| SURVEYOR GENERAL OF OREGON,
ji The lull to create the office of Surveyor General
of the Territory of Oregon was taken up for eon-
sideration.
The question being on its passage—
Mr. PEARCE briefly stated the reasons which
II would induce him to vote against the bill. He
: stated that, on looking through the bill, he per-
il ceived that it involved some novelties and incon-
! gruities, which led him to believe that it had been
i drawn up without the deliberation due to the sub-
ij jeet. It conferred on a surveyor general power?,
j' and assigned to him duties within a Territory over
• which no government had as yet been organized.
!; It directed him to run a specified base line, and
ij make certain surveys before we own a single foot.
|| of land in the Temtory. It was the practice of
our Government, before ordering surveys to be
;; made, to extinguish the Indian title by purchase.
|i And although the Indians in Oregon were unset-
ii tied m their habits, and had no fixed dwellings, it
I wa.s not to be infeued that they had abandoned
■th eir rights in the soil, and that all the lands there
j were waste. The land ought to he obtained by
' treaty, and just compensation made before weenter
i on its possession. The Indians have a possessory
: right, second only to a civil right, which must,
■ according to our policy in all similar eases, be
j transferred by treaty. It is true we have been in
■ the practice of enforcing treaties, but still some
I treaty must be made preliminary to our surveys.
This bill authorizes us to survey the whole coun-
i try between the Cascade Mountains and the Co-
I lumbia river, as if we intended to make it the
; home of white men to the expulsion of the Indians.
| There was no report accompanying the bill to ex-
| plain the reason of this procedure. Heretofore,
; whenever we have attempted to run lines before
' the Indian title has been extinguished, hostile feel-
ings have been created. And if we do so in this
i case, wc must expect to come in conflict with the
feelings of the Indians.
The fourth section, however, goes further than
: merely to authoiize a survey of the lands; it also
makes donations to settlers. He knew but of only
one precedent for this, since the establishment of
the Government. We had never made donation
, of hinds but in one instance, and that was in 1838,
when lands were granted in Florida to military
, occupants, and this was flagrante hello, and the set-
* tiers were required to render military services, fpi^
I the donation.
i He believed the bill proposed to give away about
1 five millions of acres of the lands in the territory**
