282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
Mr. WINTHROP rose and inquired of the
Chair whether, on ascertaining that a quorum was
present, it was not the duty of the Speaker to re-
sign the chair, and for the House to return into
Committee of the "Whole?
The SPEAKER stated that, in general, the po-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts would
be correct; but that, under the explicit words of
the fifty-fifth rule, the motion to reconsider took
44 precedence of all other questions except a motion
to adjourn."
Mr. ASHMUN then moved to lay the motion
to rcconsider on the table; which motion was dis-
agreed to, by yeas and nays, as follows; Yeas 75,
nays 113.
So the House refused to lay the motion for re-
consideration on the table.
A motion to adjourn was then made by Mr.
HUDSON, but it was decided in the negative, by
yeas and nays, as follows: Yeas 28, nays 137.
Mr. ASHMUN said that the House having re-
fused to adjourn, he would again move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion to lay oil the
table to be out of order.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from this decision of
the Chair, and asked the yeas and nays on the ap-
peal; and they were ordered.
Mr. HENLEY, of Indiana, now rose and said,
if the gentleman from Massachusetts would with-
draw his appeal, he would move that the House
again resolve itself into committee. Mr. H. said
it was a shame and a disgrace to the prevailing
party in the House to allow such an utter waste of
tune and delay of the public business.
Mr. ASHMUN thereupon said he would cheer-
fully withdraw his appeal for the put pose indicated
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Huxley.]
Mr. ASHMUN withdiew the appeal, and
moved that the House lesolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out
of order, as the motion to reconsider (on which
the previous question had been moved) took pre-
cedence of all motions other than a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from this decision of
the Chair.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the ('hair stand as the judgment of the House?
The question was decided by yeas and nays as
follows: Yeas 140, nays 4.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
iVJr. SEABORN JONES now withdrew his de-
mand for the previous question on his motion to
i consider the vote passing the resolution to close
debate.
\ motion was again made by Mr. GRINNELL
to adjourn; which was again decided in the negative
by yeas and nays, as follows: Yeas 32, nays 125.
Mr. HENLEY moteti that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole.
The Chair ruled the motion out of order pending
the, motion to reconsider.
Air. HENLEY then moved that the motion to
re- nnsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said the motion was out of
ordei, as the same motion had been made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun]
twice before. The first time it had been rejected
by the House; the second time it had been decided
out of order by the Chair; from winch decision the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] had
taken an appeal, and the House had sustained the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. McHENRY then moved to postpone until
to-mono w the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question on
the motion to leconsider.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the call for the pre-
vious question on the table.
The SPEAKER decided this motion to be out
of order, it having been repeatedly lefused.
Mr. VINTON appealed from this decision.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS said he would appeal
to the majority to suffer tiie motion of his colleague
[Mr. McHenry] to pre\ait, viz. for the postpone-
ment.
The question was taken on the appeal by yeas
and nays,and decided as follows: Yeas 13*1, nays 1.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
A motion to adjourn was again made, and again
rejected by yeas and nays, as follows; Yeas 34,
nays 115.
Mr. ROBERTS moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further consideration
of the bill.
The SPEAKER said that it would, in his opin-
ion, require a vote of two-thirds to discharge the
committee.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Chair if the
Committee of the Whole had not reported to the
House that no quorum was present? It had; and
he therefore would move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER decided the motion for a call to
be out of order, as, under the latter clause of the
55th rule, the motion to reconsider " shall take
precedence of all other questions, except a motion
to adjourn.5'
From this decision of the Chair Mr. ASHMUN
took an appeal.
The question was stated, u Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
A motion was made that the appeal be laid on
the table, and decided by yeas and nays as fol-
lows: Yeas 108, nays 9.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
A motion was here again made by Mr. STE-
PHENS to adjourn, and again rejected.
Mr. TOOMfcS now moved a call of the House.
The CHAIR decided the motion out of order.
Mr. TOOMBS appealed from the decision of the
Chair. i
A motion was made by Mr. ROBERTS that the j
appeal be laid on the table; which was decided by 1
yeas and nays, as follows: Yeas 11, nays 109. i
So the appeal was not laid on the table. !
The question recurring on the appeal, a motion \
was again made to adjourn; on which the yeas and j
nays were ordered
ing a change of a rule of the House, must he one
day.
The CHAIR sustained the objection, and ruled
Mr. Ingf.rsoll's motion out of order.
Mr. LONG moved to excuse the absence of his
colleague, [Mr. Chapman, of Maryland.]
On this motion Mr. TOOMBS asked the yeas
and nays; but the House refused to order them,
and diiected the question to be taken by tellers.
The tellers reporting ayes 34, the yeas and nays
were again demanded and ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follows: Yeas 89, nays 37.
Mr. E. B. HOLMES, of New York, moved to
reconsider this vote, but it was negatived.
Mr. RIPLEY moved to excuse Mr. Culver.
Mr. ROOT demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows: Yeas 64, nays 64.
The Chair being temporarily occupied by Mr.
Hopkins, that gentleman reminded the House that,
by the rules, the casting vote must be given by the
Speaker of the House. The Speaker being mo-
mentarily out of the Hall, Mr. H. should reserve
the question until his vote could be driven.
Mr. TOOMBS said he would relieve the Chair
from its difficulty by moving a reconsideration, on
which question he asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOPKINS said that no motion to recon-
sider was now in order.
Several gentlemen said that if there was a tie, the
; motion was of course lost.
Mr. HOPKINS said that until the vote of the
: Speaker was given, the action of the House was
j not completed.
1 The SPEAKER now entered the Hall, and ob-
served that, being informed no excuse had been
-Mr. McG AUGHEY asked to be excused from ii offered for the absent member, he should vote in
voting; on which the yeas and nays were ordered. !, the negative.
But the Chair, on a moment's reflection, ruled
the motion of Mr. McGatjoiiey to be out of order,
inasmuch as a motion to adjourn took precedence
of every other motion.
The vote was then taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and decided by yeas and nays as follows:
Yeas 17, nays 102.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question now returning on the appeal taken
by Mr. Toombs—
Mr. ASHMUN asked to be excused from voting
on the appeal; on which request the yeas and nays
were taken, as follows: Yeas 62, nays 40—no quo-
rum voting. Whereupon—
Mr. HAMLIN moved a call of the House.
Mr. YOUNG moved that the House adjourn;
winch motion was decided in the negative by yeas
and nays, as follows: Yeas 15, nays 95.
So tlie House once more refused to adjourn.
[It was now five o'clock.]
The motion for a call was then agreed to.
The Clerk having called over the roll—
The SPEAKER reported that one hundred and
forty members had answered to their names.
The absentees were now called over.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, moved to ad-
journ.
Mr. HARPER, and many others, demanded
the yeas and nays.
Whereupon Mr. SIMS withdrew his motion.
Excuses were now received.
Mr. FARA.N moved that his colleague [Mr.
Brinkexihotf] be excused. j
On which Mr. TOOMBS demanded the yeas '
and nays. j
Mr. FARAN then withdrew his motion. j
Mr. SEAMAN moved that his colleague [Mr. j
Campbell] be excused.
On this motion Mr. TOOMBS demanded the 1
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and, being j
taken, resulted as follows: Yeas 101, nays '28. 1
So Mr. Campbell was excused. j
Mr. J. R. INGEU.SOLL here was about ad- j
dressing an appeal to the House; but such a cry
arose of" No, no !" that Mr. I's voice was drown- 1
ed. When heard, he said that he wanted to make a >
motion which connected itself with amotion to ad- |
jouin, and so was in older. He moved that when i
the House adjourn, it adjourn to meet at twelve ;
o'clock to-morrow. This would leave Mr. Sims 1
. an hour to finish his speech. j
Mr. DROMGOOLE insisted, as a question ofj
order, that this motion could not be received while :
I the House was engaged in a call. i
! But the CHAIR overruled the objection. j
! Mr. McHENRY said that the motion, involv- I
So Mr. Culver was not excused.
Mr. TOOMBS said that he had since been in-
fonned that Mr. Culver was sick, which consti-
tuted a valid ground of excusc. Pie therefore
moved a reconsideration of the vote; on which
motion he demanded the yeas and nays.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were loudly de-
manded; and the tellers reporting 29 ill favor of
the yeas and nays, (being more than one-fifth of
the members present,) the yeas and nays were
ordered. They were taken accordingly, and re-
sulted as follows: Yeas 52, nays 74.
So the House refused to reconsider.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved an adjournment,
and demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. McKAY here rose and said that it was evi-
dent this struggle might be continued through the
night without saying which party was in the right;
he believed he might very truly say that both sides
wished it ended. Gentlemen could obtain other
opportunities of trying their strength at physical
endurance; he would therefore propose that the
resolution to close the debate be withdrawn, [loud
ciies of " No, no, never!''] and that another reso-
lution be introduced to close the debate at twelve
to-morrow. [Great uproar: cries of "No, no, no,
no, never, never!"]
Mr. BARR1NGER inquired of the Chair wheth-
er, if the House should now adjourn, they could
vote in committee on the amendments to the bill at
one o'clock to-morrow ?
The CHAIR replied that such was his impres-
sion.
; [Great confusion prevailed in the Hall.]
I Mr. DROMGOOLE proposed to gentlemen that
j they should now suspend the call of the House,
; withdraw the resolution to close debate, adjourn,
! and go home.
[Here the uproar increased, and loud cries of
; "No, no, never; we will see it out;" "Never,
■ never."]
I Mr. SEABORN JONES here said he wished
, gentlemen distinctly to understand that he would
; not withdiaw his motion to rcconsider the resoln-
1 tion to close debate.
The yeas and nays b^ing taken on Mr. Mc-
Clkrnandts motion to adjourn, they resulted as
follows: Yeas fid. nays 71.
1 Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that all further pro-
; ceedings in the call of the House be dispensed
, with; on which he demanded tellers; but the
| House refused to order them.
' And the motion to suspend the call was rejected.
i Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that the House
j adjourn.
5 [It was now near seven o'clock.]
