284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
ties at Rio Janeiro and the Government of Brazil,
so far as the same may be compatible with the
public interest.
When Mr. HANNEGAN moved that it be laid
on the table; which motion was agreed to.
The following resolution, heretofore reported
from the Committee on Private Land Claims, was
considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to direct that the sale of the land ad-
vertised to be sold on the 8th day of March, 1847,
at the land office at Dubuque, in the State of Iowa,
be suspended until the claimants may be fully
heard as to their rights, either in Congress or be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States. The
land above referred to being the southeast of frac-
tional township No. 90, range 2; the southeast
quarter of township 89, ru °;e 1; township 89,
ranges 2 and 3; township 88, ranges 2, 3, and 4;
and township 87, ranges 3, 4, and 5; that is, so
much of fhe said townships and ranees as he on
the west side of the main channel of the Missis-
sippi river.
SURVEROR GENERAL FOR OREGON.
The bill to crcate a Surveyor General for the
Territory of Oregon came up; when
Mr. PEARCE moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with certain in-
structions.
Mr. BREESE opposed the motion, on theground
that, if the bill were recommitted, it would lose its
place in the calendar, and hence might not be
reached during the present session.
Mr. ATCfJISON thought the Senator from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Peaik h] might better altain his object,
if it were to defeat the bill, by moving to lay it on
the table, and that question mighL be regarded as a
test question. If the bill were recommitted, it
would lose its place on the calendar, and it would
be virtually dead for this session.
Mr. PEAIICE said he did not desire to defeat
the bill, but to make all its principles accord with
the usage of the Go\ernment, and would simply
move to postpone the further consideration for the
present; which motion prevailed.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill from the House of Representatives to raise,
for a limited time an additional military force, and
for other purposes.
The question pending was upon Agreeing to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Texas,
as a substitute for the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] adopted in committee
of the whole.
Mr. BENTON called fm the leading of* the
amendment adopted in committee of the whole.
The Secretary then read the following amend-
ment heretofore offered by Mr. Corwin:
" Th.it c<ifh non eomrm^Honpd officer or pnvato inh^ted
jn the legular army, or reguhnly miMered in anv volunteer
companv, who lias seived or nm -sene during tli-e present
war with Mexico, and who at the end of his term of
seivK-e, receive an honorable di-.ehaige, shall bp entitled
to receive a certificate or wan ant from the War Department '
foi one bundled and -i\'ty acres of land, which may he loca- !
ted bj the wairantee, hi* hen-, or legal representative?*, at !
any land olfiee m the United States, in one body, m confer-
imty to the legal >ubdivi>tons of the public lands in «uch
districts a-, are then subject to piivate entry: Fiovided, That
if the ful! term for which Mich person shall have volunteered ■
shall not exceed one jear, then the warrant to be for eighty
acres. Incase of death m seivioe, or aftei hi& discharge, ;
then the cei tificnte to co —first, to the widow; second, to The 1
children ; third,hi* father; fourth, hw mother ; and, fifth,lus !
biotheis and s^ter^.'' !
Mr. RUSK said he perceived that there was a I
bill from the House upon the subject of bounty j
bnds, now m possession of the Senate, and as he ;
considered it more proper to act upon the subject j
separately, he would withdraw his amendment for ;
the present, with a view of ofleiirig it as an amend-
ment to the bill from the House.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The question then being on concurring in the
original amendment—
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate at much
length in opposition to the amendment adopted on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Cor-
■n 1**,] in relation to the land bounty to soldiers and
volunteers withoutany guards against improvident
and fraudulent transfers. For a bounty in land
which would enure to the benefit of the person to
whom it was granted he was entirely in favor; not :
that there was any need for it, for the number of 1
volunteers who offered themselves far exceeded '
the number that could be accepted; and as for the
soldiers of the regular army, the bounty in money
had been restored, and that was already rapidly ■
producing recruits. But he was for the bounty,
because it was a good way of distributing public :
land among the laboring part of the community,
provided it was guarded from improvident and 1
fraudulent transfers until they had time to know
the value of their property. In this sense he was
in favor of the bounty, and always had been; it ,
fell in with his system, advocated for twenty-five
years on that floor, in favor of giving a quarter 1
section of land to every person who would culti-
vate it. But without any guard against hasty,
thoughtless, improvident alienation, even before
the patent issued, he was opposed to it; and should
labor, as he had done, to protect the soldier and
the volunteer from being defrauded of his land be-
fore he had time to know its value.
The amendment cis introduced by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] and as adopt-
ed and altered by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. ,
Corwin,] opened the door to the most stupendous 1
system of fraud upon the soldiers, and of depreda- :
tion upon the United States, which the experience
of the country had ever witnessed. The Yazoo
speculation had been seen; the pillage of the old
soldiers'revolutionary certificates had been seen;
the speculations in the soldiers' bounty-land in the
late war had been seen: they were all trifles com-
pared to the enormity of what might take place
under the present bill. He spoke of no one's mo-
tives—no one's intentions. He had nothing to do
with motives or intentions: he took the bill upon
its words—upon its enactments—and according to
those words and enactments he construed it, and
denounced it to the Senate and the people as open-
ing the door—setting it wide open—to the most
stupendous scenes of speculation, and of depreda-
tion upon the public property, and of imposition
on the soldiers and volunteers, and on their wives
and children, that our country had ever beheld. ;
He (Mr. Benton) had introduced a bill granting !
a quarter section of land to each non-commissioned
officer, musician, or private, in the icgular or vol- j
unteer service, who should serve during the war, :
or for twelve months, unless killed or dying in the !
service, or discharged for disability; and that bill !
was so framed and guarded as to protect the soldier :
from improvident alienations, until he had time to 1
know the value of his property, and also to save
the land to his family m the event of his death.
Tins bill was before the Senate, and showed that ,
he was for the soldier and against the speculator. ■
The whole subject had been referred to the Mili- :
tary Committee; and that committee had unani-
mously reported in favor of guarding and protecting
the soldier and volunteer from the arts and artifices, j
frauds and impositions of the merciless speculators. :
That committee had unanimously reported in favor i
of these guards. Now a different policy prevailed, j
All the guards invented for the soldier and his heirs ;
aie thrown down; and the field is laid wide open 1
to the operations of the speculator; and vast is the !
field in which he is to operate. Let us calculate it. i
Fifty thousand volunteers are now authorized by !
law; sixteen thousand regulars are also now au-
thorized; this bill proposes ten thousand more— 1
in all seventy thousand. If the whole of this
number became entitled to the land, it would be
twelve millions of acres, estimated at fifteen mil- '
lions of dollars. Ail would not he entitled to it, i
but the deficiency would be made up in the fraud- :
ident warrants that speculators would obtain. To i
this class there would be no limit, neither in num- j
ber nor in time. A century of time, and hundreds j
of thousands could put no limit to the obtaining j
of fraudulent warrants. But to proceed on the j
basis of even the authorized number, or even re- :
duce them to fifty thousand: that would be eight |
millions of acres, and ten millions of dollars \ an I
immense sum for the United States to give up to
speculation and plunder, without benefit to her-
self or to the meritorious men for whom it was
intended.
And what would be the operation on the treasu-
ry of the amendment ? to expunge the land revenue
from our system of finance? These warrants are all
made transferable by assignment or endorsement:
the soldier's name on the back of the warrant, no
matter how put there, as a pawn or a pledge, as a
power to enable another to act for him, as a trans-
fer without consideration, or for a few dollars, or
even by imposition or fraud, or by forgery until
his heirs could disprove it: in any, or all of these
cases, or in any other, in which his name should
get on the back of the warrant, it is gone from
him; and becomes the property, according to the
modern construction of " legal representatives," of
the person who writes a transfer to himself over
the soldier's name. The warrant then becomes
the property of the transferee, and entitled to lo-
cation on any public lands liable to entry at pri-
vate sale. This lays open the public lands from
the gulf to the lakes; for but little land is now sold
at public sale: private entry is now almost the
universal mode. Here, then, eight millions of
acres, besides the fraudulent warrants which will
be obtained, are to fall upon the public lands, and
to be satisfied before the United States can sell an
acre. Agents will be despatched far and wide to
buy up these warrants; sentinels will be stationed
at every land office door to waylay the farmer that
brings money to make an entry, and to sell him tt
warrant at a discount, and turn his money into the
speculator's pocket instead of going into the public
treasury. If all is fair this will expunge the land
revenue for half a dozen years; but all will not be
fair! on the contrary, the greater part will be foul!
and those land warrants will breed with a fertility,
, an incontinence, and a perpetuity unknown to the
; gestative powers of-the animal creation! all the
I common names in the army—all the John Smiths,
j John Joneses, Billy Williamses—all the Blacks,
I Browns, Grays, Reds, Whites—all the Longs and
; Shorts—all the Youngs and Olds—all that inter-
minable nomenclature of common names, which
| identify nobody—and thousands of others, will
; bccome breeders of warrants! And after the first
generation iy dead, the second and third will come
on; and the breeding will go on with an accelera-
ted pace. So it has happened, and will continue
to happen. Tennessee, even a few years ago,
was satisfying land warrants of fifty years ago.
Yazoo claimants were now petitioning Congress;
and Virginia military land warrants were still
knocking at the door of Congress for satisfaction.
Mr. B. said that an hundred years of time, and
the whole landed domain of. the United States,
would not be sufficient to satisfy these warrants;
and he said that upon data that gave it the authori-
ty of positive knowledge. He alluded to the Vir-
ginia military land warrants as only a faint exum-
' pie of what would happen. Sixty-two years had
I not yet satisfied those warrants, few as they were
; supposed to be, when Congress assumed them in
i 1782. They were then supposed to be few, and a
; small district of country betwe®i the Miami and
Scioto was set aside for their satisfaction, and a
few years limited for their location. Yet, what
has happened? Instead of the few warrants con-
templated, myriads have grown up! Instead of
the few years allowed for their location, they are
now, at the lapse of sixty-two years, still demand-
ing land f Instead of the small district allowed for
their satisfaction, they now extend to all the lands
of the United States!
Mr. B. verified this statement by reading the
titles of a long list of acts for about fifty years,
opening and extending the time for locating these
Virginia land warrants—trying to limit and stop
their procreation, sometimes by time—sometimes
by quantities—sometimes fixing a year beyond
which no warrant should be located—sometimes a
quantity above which no one should be recognised;
and all in vain. Time or quantity could impose
no limitation. The thing was getting worse and
worse. Professional agents had taken the thing
in hand—were hunting into every nook and corner
of the Union for heirs, or somebody of the name
of the heirs—and had infinite success in finding
oases of unsatisfied warrants. The older the case
the better: the proof became more easy, especially
when the agents got into the third generation, and
had the drawing up the affidavits, and the finding
out the old people who could swear to them. In
this way the Virginia military land warrants, au-
thorized by Congress on the first day of March,
1782, were now still breeding and appearing; and
he called upon the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands [Mr. Brkf.se] to confirm his state-
ment,
Mr. BREESE. There are cases now before the
committee.
Mr. BENTON proceeded. Thus, the long pe-
riod of sixty-two years, with all the limitations of
time and quantity that Congress could put upon
