1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them, have not yet been able to stop the breeding
of these few revolutionary warrants. What, then,
is to be the cavse with the 50,000 which we propose
now to issue, and that without limitation of time,
or restriction of any kind? Surely a century hencc
they will still be breeding! Surely all the public
lands, from year to year, as they become liable to
private entry, will be seized and covered by them.
They will expunge the land revenue. Even if all
was fair, they would absorb it for many years; but
in the hands of fraud and speculation, they will ex-
punge it for ages, and perhaps forever. Work out
the sum upon the time and quantity of the Virginia
military land warrants, and one hundred years, and
the whole limits of the present public lands, will
not satisfy them; and this at a time when wc are
borrowing- money and striking treasury notes to
v\ury on the war. As a plunder of the Treasury
alone—as lopping off the second blanch of the na-
tional revenue, and making a present of it to specu-
lators, I should oppose these unrestricted grants:
but when to this is added the plunder of the soldier
and his family, the reasons become doubly strong;
and, if 1 cannot defeat it, I will at least denounce
if, and draw the attention of all America upon the
enormity of the speculation.
Mr. B. said he had already read from Jefferson's
Works the history of the plundering Irom the sol-
diers of the Revolution of their hard-earned certi-
ficates; but the similarity of the cases would justify
a second reading; for theie was no difference be-
tween what was done then and would be done now,
but m the far greater amount of the present specu-
lation. It would be millions now where n was
thousands then; but in all other respects, and es-
pecially in the mode of operating, the case was the
same. He read from Jefferson:
'• ft i-> Wt 11 known that dm ing the war the gieatest diffi-
culty wc encountered w«i& Hie ivant of money oi matins to
j/rtymi vvlio fought, or our fainiers, manufactureis,
and meiehants, vviio furm.-hed the necessary supplies of
luod ami clothing tor them. After the expedient of pjpei
money had exhausted itself, certincates of debt were given
lo the individual ereditois with insurance oi payment so
soon as the United States should he able. But the dis-
tr.jf .es of theae people often obliged them lo paitwitli these
Virtue half, the titih, and even a tenth oi then value, and
j-pMiilatoi-s had made a tiade, ol cozening them fiom the
hold->r-> hy the mo-t fraudulent piacticea and persuasions
th.u they would never b'J paid, fu the hill lor funding and
p:i\ nig thc.-.e, (the hill) made no dillei. nee between the ou-
ginal holders and the fraudulent pmchaseis of this paper.
Gieat and ju&t repugnance aiose at putting these two clas>es
oi ereditois on the saint looting, and great exertion?- weie
•Usied to pay the former the lull value, and to the laiier the
pnee only whieh tluyhad paid with mteiest. But tin-;
would havepievent d the game winch w a--to be played,and
sEor winch toe immU ot arcc<i> lnembeis weie already tu-
toied and prep-ued. When the tnal of stiensth on the.-e
several (Jfoits had indicated the to/m in winch the bill
•uouid final!} pas^, this being known within doors hoonei
tn.in without, and espeeiall) tnan to those who were in dis-
tant pait- of the (Xuion, the base scramble began. Couriers
and relay horses hy land, and swift-sailing pilot-boats by
>-n, weie flying in all directions. Active paitneis and
agents wete a>-rViated and employed in every State, town,
and country neiehboihood, and tin*. paper vva> bought up at
five shillings, and even as low as two shillmgsin the pound,
befoie the lioldei knew that Congies-s had already piovided
ioi Hsiedemption at par. Immense t-ums were thus filched
i'.oni the pom and ignoiant, and fortunes accumulated by
thObe who had therm-elves been pool enough bciore.",
Such were the arts used—such the deception and
impositions practised upon the .soldiers of the Revo-
lution—and such they will be under this bill, if it
passes as it now stands. Companies will be formed
to " cozen" the soldieroutof his hard-earned land;
banks will lend the money; agents will be em-
ployed and sent far and wide; and such he under-
wood it to be already. Information had already
reached him that a company was forming in Phila-
delphia, with partners m this city, and a ramifica-
tion into Mexico—the sutlers and commissaries to
be used as the agents of the company, and Tam-
pico aheady a selected theatre of their operations.
Aheady information to this effect was received.
It was probable in itself; and the names given for
the company rendered it still more so. As leading
lo a fraud upon the soldier and his family, who
would be " cozened" out of their land before they
knew its value—as a fraud upon the treasury,
which would be plundered of its land revenue—
as a most demoralizing and stupendous specula-
tion—he was opposed to the clause as it stood in
the bill. But he was also opposed to it on another
ground; and that was to its place m the present
-atmy bill. Even a fair and just bounty clause
■should not be put on tins army bill. It should go
in a bill by itself, and not delay and encumber an
.act for raising troops. The bill into which it is put
came up from the House of Representatives with-
out any such clause: on the contrary, the House
has sent it up in a separate bill. Eighteen days
this army bill has been delayed in this Chamber,
and by this land clause. As an army bill, it would
have been perfected m two days. The attempt to
put it in this bill has cost us a delay of nearly three
weeks already, and no one can say how much longer
it will delay it. Certainly it will be resisted here
to the last moment. Probably it will be resisted
in the House of Representatives, and that accord-
ing to parliamentary law; for the House has sent
an act here granting this identical quantity of
one hundred and sixty acres, and at least with
some limitations not m the Senate's bill. The
attempt to put this land bounty into the army bill
has occasioned all the delay that has taken place—
will occasion all that is to follow; and all for what?
The land will be just as good to the soldier m an-
other bill as in this: it will probably be better, as
it will give time to devise guards to prevent frauds.
This is n great and distinct objection.- It will pre-
vent me from voting for the bill, unless essentially
altered and guarded. But that will not prevent the
bill fiom passing: the land will pass it. This
whole land question has arisen here: in the auny
it was not thought, of: among the volunteers it was
not thought of. Upwards ol three hundred thou-
sand have offered their services without thinking
of this land: politicians thought of it; and they
will pass it. All will vote for the land, if reason-
ably guarded. He (Mr. B.) would certainly do so,
and that upon the principle of distributing land to
meritorious men. All the persons for whom the
lands are intended will belong to the laboring class-
es—farmers and artisans will be the persons to
receive it. It was according to his old system, to
grant them land for cultivation; and he wished to
make the grant properly guarded, to save it to
their families. Many other .Senators take the same
view of it. Nearly all the Senate have expressed
themselves in iavor of the bounty, and many will
vote for It in this bill, even among those who have
labored most for wholesome amendments.
But the resource of amendments is not yet ex-
hausted. Many may yet be offered: something
may be done. The amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,J to substitute
♦scrip of one hundred dollars, either as a substitute
for the land, or as an option, will be an improve-
ment, if adopted. It will be worth more to the
soldier, and cost less to the Government. The
land would be worth two hundred dollars to the
Government; but, under the clause of the bill as it
now stands, it wouid, in most cases, be worth no-
thing but the trifle which the speculator gives him.
The suggestion of the Senator from Texas would
make it worth one hundred dollars to the soldier.
Even as an option, it would make the warrant
worth one hundred dollars, and that would be a
great check on speculatois. One hundred dollars
they would not give: less than that the soldier or
volunteer would not take; and thus something, a
fixed value, would be gnen to the warrant. But
he (Mr. B.)prefeired the grant in land, secured to
the grantee, his widow, and Ins heirs, so as to
be a home and a support to them through genera-
tions.
Mr. CORWIN said he felt as much regret as it
was possible for the Senator from Missouri to feel,
at the delay which has occurred under the present
exigencies m the passage of this army bill; a delay
occasioned by the various propositions to amend
which had been presented by the Senator from
Missouri himself, and other Senatois; and he ie-
gretted also that it was to be still fuither delayed
by what the honorable Senator from Missouu
himself had vciy happily denominated "an obsti-
nate and persevering opposition" to the amendment
now under consideration, winch it would be recol-
lected had once passed by a majority which he
believed had not been accoided to any other fea-
ture of the bill. He had to regret, for one, that it
was not in his power, not being consistent with
his sense of duty, to accede to the request made by
the honorable Senator from Missouii yesleiday,
and he was sure that honorable Senator was not
inclined at all to deny to him, or to any other
Senator upon that floor, the same right to form an
opinion upon this important subject as he claimed
for himself. As it was sincerely not his wish to
procrastinate a vote which it was desirable should
be speedily taken upon this bill, he desned merely
to occupy a few moments in replying to what had
been said by the honorable Senator from Missouri.
And first he would premise that although every-
thing which had been presented to them this morn-
ing by the Senator from Missouri, and everything
that might be legitimately urged in reply to the ar-
guments of the Senator from Missouri, had already
been very fully presented, and he doubted not very
fully considered by every Senator upon that floor;
yet, having been the means (by what might almost
be termed an accident, it was true) of presenting
this amendment, and having heard the terms in
which it had been denounced, he supposed that it
would be deemed proper for him to occupy a few
moments with some observations before taking the
final vote upon the question now to be determined.
There had been some things revealed in this inci-
dental discussion in reference to this war, and to
the troops which had been so freely and fully
spoken of, and. in very laudatory t&rms, on all
sides of the Chamber, which it was very difficult to
reconcile with what was understood to be the opin-
ion of gentlemen on all sides.
The arguments of the Senator from Missouri,
as he understood them, rested upon two grounds
exclusively. The Senator contended, in the first
place, that bounty land offered to the soldier was
not necessary to procurc the services of the soldier.
This was as clearly an objection to any bill that
could be presented on this subject as it was to this.
The Senator contended, and presented it to them
as an argument against the passage of this amend-
ment, that it was now a matter of contention be-
tween the patriotic citizens of this country, who
wished to serve in this extraordinary war, as to
who among them should be accepted, without any
reference whatever to this bounty. If this was so,
and if there was no justice in voting the bounty,
or necessity for voting it, then let the vote be taken
upon the question, without any further contro-
versy.
If the Senator from Missouri meant to say that
men could be inhsted into the service for their
monthly pay alone: if he meant to declare—and he
knew no man whose opinions upon this subject
were entitled to greater weight—if he meant to*de-
clare that it was squandering the public property
to give them lands in return for the lives of their
soldiers, in return for the blood to be shed in this
foreign war, let the proposition be brought forward
in a distinct and separate form, and he would be as
ready to vote upon it as he was when attached to
this bill, lie had understood, whether the project
of giving bounty land originated with politicians
or private individuals, that it was the intention of
Congress—an intention which had been expressed
in both Houses—that the soldier who served in
this war should have bounty land as 3 part of hia
compensation for those services, which, it was ad-
mitted on all hands, eminently entitled him to some
compensation. If this was so, what became of
the argument of the Senator from Missouri, that it
was giving away eight millions of acres of public
lands, of the value of twelve millions of dollars at
the minimum price of those lands, for nothing?
If it be true (continued Mr. C.) that the gallant
men who are willing to fight our battles in Mexico
or elsewhere—for God knows where that roving
army of yours will stop—if it be true that the
whole population of this country capable of bearing
arms are ready to precipitate themselves into this
war in the enemy's country, and that without
price, without reward, or the hope of reward, where
is the necessity for increasing their monthly pay,
as is proposed by a bill now on your table. Sir,
shall we drive a Jew's bargain with our soldiers?
Shall we give a definite value for their patriotism ?
Shall we count eveiy groan ? Slntll we give value
for every drop of blood ? Shall we pay so much
for a soldier's life? So much as a compensation
to the women and children who have been made
widows and orphans by the warJ Shall we give
them an estimated sum as value for their loss ? But
I do not suppose that any argument such as this
could very readily find a lodgment in the head or
the heart of any Senator here; nor do I understand
that the Senator from Missouri wishes anything of
this sort. He wishes the Senate to pause, and
lock the door against frauds, while granting a lib-
eral compensation to the soldier. Now, let us
look at this argument a little in detail. How will
it be elaborated into a fact'
As he had understood the Senate to determine
upon giving these bounty lands in some form or
other; and as he understood they were for giving
the eight millions in the form which he proposed
