286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
in his amendment, to be actually settled and held
by the soldier who performed the service, or by some
representative of the soldier, he would ask, in a pe-
cuniary point of view to the Government itself, if
this land was to be considered revenue and prop-
erty which the Government had a right to use,
by giving it either in the form of money or in the
form of bounties to soldiers entering the war,
where was the difference, as far as the Govern-
ment was concerned, whether that eight millions
of acres was given in one form or in the other? The
argument, as far as it rested upon the faetofgiving
away these lands, it seemed to him the Senator had
not well considered. The main part of the Sena-
tor's opposition rested upon his desire to protect
the soldier, in the first place, from the frauds which
might be perpetrated upon him, and, in the next
place, to stay the march of that moral pestilence,
of those villanies which would be practised upon
the soldier if this bill should pass. To this view of
the question, he was inclined to attach a conside-
rable degree of importance. He could see no
difference between allowing the soldier who dis-
charged his duty in the public service to be paid m
land, or in allowing him to be paid in money. If
it were considered that the valor and courage of
the soldier entitled him to a certain amount of com-
pensation, it might be a proper subject to consider
whether that amount should be greater or less, but
he could see no difference at all between giving him
land or money—none; none to the Government
unquestionably; none whatever in any scheme of
finance which might be presented for the prosecu-
tion of this war. If, therefore, it were desirable
that Congress should give to the .soldier a certain
amount t f compensation, it could just as well be
given in the form of monthly pay as in a grant of
Luid. He could see no difference between granting
land, from which the resources of the Government
were partly to be derived, and creating a debt,
which the Senator from Missouri said must be paid
by the next generation, and voting for a loan of
twenty-three millions, which must be redeemed at
the time specified. Gentlemen did not seem to
have their financial appiehensions aroused at all
when it was proposed to borrow twenty-three mil-
lions of dollars, for which, tike every other sum
bono wed which they were unable .to pay, they
would have to give their note. There was no
tremulous apprehension about borrowing money.
But these were considerations which should have
ljpen thought of long before they entered upon
this unprofitable war. Borrowing money was
one of the curses attending upon all wars. Debt
was one of the curses which war necessarily in-
volved—debt to be entailed upon posterity, if
the present generation were not able to discharge
it. It could not have escaped the apprehensions
of any gentleman who held a seat upon that
lloor, on the day when their army passed the
Nueces, or on the day when it was said Con-
gress sanctioned the passage of the army beyond
the boundary of the United States—it could not
have escaped their apprehension that not merely
twelve millions of dollars, hut hundreds of mil-
lions would have to be expended upon the war
—a war to be carried on between this country
and a sister republic, which they had undertaken
to subjugate by their arms. The honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri, and every Senator, must be
aware, that this would be the consequence of their
conduct. He had been somewhat surprised, he
confessed, at the minute details given of the
schcmes of fraud winch the Senator from Missouri
had asset ted would be practised, and he doubted
not such reports had reached his ears; but he was
pained to hear such schemes of peculation and
fraud connected with the names of certain officers
of the Government. That companies of scoun-
drels would be formed all over the country, as the
Senator said, to endeavor to despoil the soldier of
his hard-earned bounty, he had 110 doubt. It was
one of the inevitable consequences of all wars; it
was one of the curses which belonged to a state of
wai. It had been the ease, as the Senator from
Missouri had said,and lie read a statement of Mr.
Jefferson to prove, after the close of the revolu-
tionary war. It was a well-known fact, that the
men who had passed through the fires of the strug-
gle, were found endeavoring to defraud each other
out of what they had received as a compensation
for their services. It had ever been so, and would
be so to all time, as long as human nature was such
as to induce men to go to war at all. So long as
men could find no better mode of settling national
controversies than by going to war; of marching
armies against each other in battle array, instead of
following the dictates of humanity; instead of exer-
cising the faculties with which God had endowed
them, in avoiding the necessity for warfare, there
would be scoundrels enough found to plunder and
cheat one another. So long as national controversies
were to be settled in theold barbarous mode, so long
would such a disposition be found to exist. But
he was suiprised to hear from the Senator from
Missouri that the very officers of the Government,
whose appointments the Senate was called upon to
sanction, and commissioned by the President to
carry on the war, which was emphatically his
war—he was surprised to hear that men m tins
position would be found so reckless, so lost to the
dictates of honor and of conscience, as to practise
frauds of this description. Could this be true?
Could it be that those who were daily associated
with the soldiers, witnessing theii sufferings and
hearing the gioans of the dying, would be guilty
of robbing the soldier of the bounty which his
country had bestowed? He asked the Senator,
was this the condition in which this republic was
now placed ? Were such the official instrumental-
ities to be sent abroad to execute their duties m
the service of the Government upon the field of
battle? His knowledge of human nature would
hardly allow him to suppose it had been sunk to
that depth of degradation and of infamy. Such
a supposition contemplated the existence of a class
of society more degraded than he was willing to
suppose any man who had received his commis-
sion from the Government could be. They might,
perhaps, find in the dens and hells of cities men
who would come out from their luding'-places,
when they knew that eight millions of acies of
land had been put into the market for the benefit
of those who served, but he did not think that
men who accompanied the soldier at his last gasp
would deliberately plan such schemes of fraud.
[Mr. J. K. Walker appeared with a message
from the President of the United States, and Mr.
C. gave way for its reception.]
Mr. CORWIN resumed. He said he did not
believe it was competent for any intelligent man
to frame a law or devise a plan which would not be
subject to the objections which had been i-aised by
the Senator from Missouri. Men ever would be
subject to impositions, but he did not believe these
men would be more subject to impositions than
any other class of men.
Mr C. said the Senator from Pennsylvania had
told them that if they would pass this bill, there
were five companies now ready to volunteer and
to take the field from that State, and that they con-
sisted of some of the best men of that State. That
was a pietty good certificate of character; and were
such men likely to give up all rights belonging to
them to bodies of scoundrels? Did the Senator
from Missouri mean to say that the young men
who volunteer to serve their country are the sort
of men towards whom the Government could ex-
ercise neither the functions of justice nor liberality
without having the bounty of the Government
abused? Were they men of such dissolute habits
that they were incapable of taking care of tiie prop-
erty they earned, and that the Government must
therefore assume towards the soldiers of our aimy
the relation which some of the States assumed
under then laws towards confirmed drunkaids,
and appoint them guardians? What became of the
training and discipline of which they had heard so
much as belonging to the service of the country?
What became of the moral teaching of the chap-
lains, for whose appointment they heard so much?
Was it true, in short, that twenty thousand regu-
lar soldiers were to serve during this war, and go
through a moral training there, and that they would
come out of it nothing but examples of vilcness,
ignorance, and profligacy? Was it true that the
men who volunteer to fight this iniquitous war
were the men described by the Senator from Mis-
souri, not able to exercise the neecssary functions
of freemen, and men of full age t He would not un-
dertake to put his opinion on this subject against the
opinion of the Senator from Missouri'—he would
not lightly question the statement of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who said yes-
terday that none were fit to fight in this war but
those who were ready to sacrifice their own will to
the absolute mastery of otheis; but if these things
. were tuie, it would become them to pause and con-
sider whether it was not best to put an end to this
horrible war. If it were true that in inlisting twenty
thousand soldiers they made twenty thousand slaves
out of twenty thousand freemen, he thought it would
be a poor compensation both for the generation
that now is and for that which is to come after us,
in the pompous phrase of the day, at such a cost
to vindicate the honor of the country and the glory
of its flag. But he could not thmk that the repre-
sentations of the Senator from Missouri were all
true. He could not believe this nation would
plunge into n war which was to be so pernicious in
its consequences.
The Senator from Missouri proposed to protect
the soldier from these frauds by making the bounty
inalienable for seven years. This was presuming
that those who, as the Senator from Missouri elo-
quently described it, escaped the embiace of the
battle-storm, and avoided a grave upon the tops of
the Cordilleras, were not capable of controlling the
bounty which the Government bestowed upon them,
and that Congress must, therefore, constitute itself
their guardian. He was of opinion, that if they
put the matter upon this footing, and said to the
soldier, that at the end of the war he should emi-
grate to the far West and settle upon his land, or
else be debarred from the enjoyment of his bounty
for seven years, it would have the effect of deter-
ring men from entering the army. It would hardly
be necessary, he believed, to pass an act to prevent
a Senator from making a contract respecting lus
travelling allowance and per diem, or placing any
lien upon it for a certain length of tune, lest the
money might fall into the hands of speculators,
who were hovering in clouds around the Capitol*
darkening the air with their numbers: That would
be a strange law; but he thought it would be quite
as reasonable as the restriction proposed by the
Senator to be placed upon these bounty lands.
After some further remarks, Mr. C. concluded
by saying, that he thought it would not be very
becoming in the Senate to hesitate to grant, out of
800,000,000 of acres of the public lands, the small
pittance of 8,000,000 to the soldiers as compensa-
tion for their services. They had already passed
a bill giving 5,000,000 of acres to those who chose
to peacefully settle in Oiegon. If a southern gen-
tleman, with his black servant, went to Oregon,
that servant would be entitled by his mere resi-
dence there to avail himself of this bounty. While
looking out across the broad Pacific, and contem-
plating the time when the descendants of Japher,
should subjugate the descendants of Shern, here
was a man from a state of servitude becoming a
free man, and claiming his hgdf section of land,
which had been granted by the bounty of this Gov-
ernment. While their maw was capacious enough
to swallow these five millions in reference to Oie-
gon, they were gurgling and choking at eight mil-
lions to be granted as a reward for the valor and
the patriotism of those who periled their lives in
their countiy's service.
Mr. BENTON again complained that by the
introduction of matter that was not germam to this
bill, it had been delayed some fifteen or sixteen
days. Pie went into a recapitulation of the time
during which the Government had exercised some
authority over grants, from the period of the loca-
tion of the land warrants, durmg the history of the
Republic. He also renewed his objections to this
soit of legislation 011 so impoitant a subject, and
contended that there were 110 provisions even to
secure the proper identity of the soldier and the
person who might be put m possession of this
bounty of the Government. He objected that the
Government would deprive itself of an important
source of revenue by this bill, and mainly for the
benefit of harpies who would prey on the soldiers
after they had fought the battles of the country.
He could not vote for the bill as it now stood.
Mr. CASS remarked that he deeply regretted
that this bill was delayed by the evei-renewms'
discussions upon its details. The objections of
the honorable Senator from Missouri to immediate
action upon the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio seem to resolve themselves into three points.
First, the granting of bounty land to the soldiers;
second, the omission of proper securities against,
fraud and imposition; third, that this proposition
fur bounty lands is annexed to the military bill.
With respect to the first objection, he considered
it unnecessary to discuss it. The necessity and
propriety of the measure had been settled by the
almost unanimous vote of both Houses of Con-
