THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVE?.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1847.
New Series No. 19.
Plicjps, Simmons, Upham, Webs-ter, Weslcott, and Wood-
bridge—34.
The question again recurring: upon concurring
in tlie amendment adopted in Committee of the
Whole,
Mr. SIMMONS moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto:
"Provided further, That every such /lon-commHsioned
officer, musician, and private, who shall bo entitled to rc-
eesvc a certificate or warrant for eighty ac-ros of the public
lando, slntli be allowed the option to receive such cei titivate
or vv.n rant, oi a. trea?uiy *cup lor the sum of fifty dollars ;
and when entitled to a certificate or wariam for one hundred
and si.vty acred, the option to receive the same, or a treasury
scrip for one hundred dollars; and such scrip, whenever it
isptefeiied to eeitificates or w.urant* for land-, shall be
issued by the Sccietar> of the Tiea^ury, m lieu ol such cer-
tificates or warrants; midi scupto bear ari inteie^t of mx
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, and redeem-
able al the plea- uie of tue Government."
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON was opposed to this
amendment, as its effect would be to reduce the
price of the public lands.
Mr. SIMMONS thought the price would he
pretty effectually reduced any how, and the object
of his amendment was to save the soldier from the
necessity of selling his land at a still greater reduc-
tion.
Mr. TURNEY said he should vote for the
amendment, if for no other reason than to protect
the soldier in the possession of the bounty of the
Government.
The question was then taken upon agreeing- to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alien, Archer, A^hl'-y, Atchison, Ather-
ton, Bagby, Benton, Biees", Bright, Butlei, (-a^s, Chahneis,
Dix, Fauheld, Hannegan, Hou. ton, Lewi-', Ma-ou, Niles,
Ru^lv, Sevier, Simmons, Speight, Turney, Woodbvidgc, an<l
Yuleo—2'3.
NAYS—JYIe-'srs. Badger, Benien, Calhoun, (Jarneion, ('il-
iey, Thomas Clayton. John M. Clayton, Coiwin, Critten-
den, Davis, Dayton, Ewm<, Gieene, Huntmyton Jsiruagm,
fttangum, Millar, Morehcad, Pe.uce, 1'helps, Upham, Web-
ster, and VVeitcott—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to-
The question then recurring upon concurring in
the amendment as amended.
Mr. TURNEY moved further to amend by
striking out eighty acres for the twelve months'
men, and inserting one hundied and sixty acres.
Bi ief explanations were made by Messrs. HAN-
NEGAN, BERllIEN,TURNEY, BRIGHT,and
SIMMONS.
Mr. TURNEY said he proposed to strike out
ii eighty acres," as applied to the twelve months*
soldiers, and insert " one hundred and sixty
acies."
Mr. SEVIER had some doubts about the pro-
priety of the amendment. The volunteers of his
State did not enter into the service with any prom-
ise of bounty land at all, or any consideration of
that vsort. Indeed, with no such consideiation,
there was a great contcst among the various appli- j
cants for that service, theie being more desiring to ,
go than could be received. And now, when their
term of service had nearly elapsed—service en-
tered into without any such obligation—why pro-
pose to give no man knew how much? It was a
proposition that walcalculated to create much em-
barrassment, especially at a time wheivthe country
is at its wits end to carry on this righteous war.
He thought they should first pause and ascertain ;
whether they hud got the authority to make such !
donations. When Senatois proposed to limit it,
lie did not feel inclined to interfere, but when a
proposition was made to give the soldiers money,
he rose simply to say that it would be better to
give the soldier money than land. But in adopt-
ing any such provision, they should also take care
lest they destroyed all motive to continue the term
of service for more than twelve months. Cer-
tainly he who served throughout the war—for
three or five years—should get more than he who
only served three or six months. In their domes-
tic arrangements they giaduated the payment of
the persons they employed according to the term
of service. The object here was to induce the sol-
19
dier to inlist, and it was now proposed to couple
with it a provision to give a bounty to those who
went without such a consideration, which, he
thought, was a questionable proceeding.
But he became somewhat alarmed for the set-
tlers now on the land, and he expressed the hope
that those who have charge of this public land
subject will pi ovide guards to protect the settler.
Whose house was now free from the location of
these land warrants? He knew of none.
He was of opinion, that the treasury was not
in a condition to be taxed with claims which they
were thus creating, and he again asked the Senate
to pause and ascertain where they got their au-
thority to do what was here proposed.
Mr. TURNEY, at (he request of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved to add in the
third line, after the word company, the words " for
a period of twelve months." Afterwards, he in-
timated, he should move to strike out the proviso,
if ti is amendment should be, adopted.
, Mr. ALLEN said he would vote for this amend-
ment, because, if it should prevail, it would have
one certain, beneficial effect—it would give one
hundred and sixty acres of land or one hundred
dollars' worth of Government stock to those per-
sons who were known to have merited by their
services in this war that expiession of the national
gratitude. The proposition was, to pay one hun-
dred and sixty instead of eighty acres of land, and
one hundred instead of fifty dollars to the men
who, on the first call of thfcir country, volunteered
to go into the war, where many of them have lost
their lives; and these men were entitled to this
consideration, whatever might be given to those
who should hereafter volunteer.
But it had been said that those who volunteer
for a yeai aio not so meritorious as those \v ho vol-
unteer during the war. Now, it might so happen
that this war might not last three months after
those who now volunteer shall be enrolled into the
army now operating in Mexico, and these men
might never see a Mexican or pass the Rio Grande,
and yet they would get as much as those who per-
formed such valiant exploits in the streets of Mon-
terey. For these considerations he should vote
for the amendment, t
Mr. SEVIER saiu lie understood the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana excluded those
volunteers who were ordered out by General
Gaines, and served for a very short time. But the
bill as it now stands embraces that class of troops,
and he certainly should vole against them.
Mr. HANNEGAN .said he believed the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Coiuvin]
did not provide for those called out by General
Gaines.
Mr. SEVIER said lie understood the amend-
ment to embrace all those who have served less
than twelve months.
Mr. HANNEGAN corrected the Senator from
Arkarsas.
The PRESIDENT again read the amendment.
Mr. HANNEGAN suggested that it would be (
well to insert, " for a period not less than twelve j
months." _ 1
Mr. MANGUM said it seemed to him the Sen- ;
ator from Arkansas had given conclusive reasons j
why this amendment should notbeadopted. There j
should certainly be some discrimination between 1
those who serve for twelve months and those who !
serve for three or four years. At the end of twel\ e ■
months, these men become efficient soldiers, and j
some inducement should be held out to them to j
continue in the service. I
Mr. H ANNEGAN would be as far as any man ;
from doing anything which would disband our
army. From the bottom of his heart he hoped, i
before the 1st of May, they should be m a situa- j
tion to look for a speedy peace: he hoped that by ;
that time General Taylor would have either com- ;
manded or treated for a peace. But his amend- ;
ment was designed, as he said some days ago, to !
give something substantial to the men who went !
into the army for limited periods at the call of !
their country, and not for the love of lucre. He
wished to give a reward to those who have in
reality rendered patriotic service—the brave and
gallant men who distinguished themselves at Palo
Alto and Rcsaca de la Palma. He wished to re-
ward those who went with no hope of receiving
anything but their seven or eight dollars a month,
with as substantial a rewaid as those who come
from the purlieus of the city, and the sinks of cor-
ruption, after the bounty shall have been offered.
He desired that the services rendered and the suf-
ferings undergone by those called out in May last
should be compensated, whether they were with
the army in Mexico, or left to keep open the com-
munication at the mouth of the river with the in-
vading army. For those, and the relatives of such
as have died, he desired to give some tokens of a
nation's gratitude.
Mr. SEVIER made a brief explanation.
Mr. HANNEGAN called for the, yeas and nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered.
Some further explanations were made by Mr.
BERRIEN, Mr. HANNEGAN, and Mr. MAN-
GUM.
Mr. BENTON suggested that when this amend-
ment was disposed of—aboutwhich there appeared
to be some obscurity in gentlemen's minds—there
were several others to be offered. He had several
to oflcr himself, but lie felt himself unable to con-
tinue to set there much longer.
Mr. HANNEGAN said if it was the desire of
the Senate to adjourn, he would defer his expla-
nation until to-morrow, [Let's adjourn.] He
then moved an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 29, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,when
Mr. MeHENRV, and subsequently Mr. Mc-
CLELLAND, moved that its further reading be
dispensed with; which motions were rejected.
The reading having then been concluded, the
Journal was approved.
The SPEAKER was proceeding to announce
what the state of the several pending questions
was at the adjournment of the House last night,
when
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and said that there
were several perplexing questions left undecided,
growing out of the scene which took place in the
House yesterday. It was unnecessary to decide
these questions to-day; there was no longer any
necessity for doing so. It was easier to sever the
cord than to attempt to untie it. He would, there-
fore, submit a privileged motion, that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that motion to be out of order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired whether, if
the motion to rcconsidcr the vote by which the
resolution terminating the debate was before the
House, it would now be in order to move to lay
that motion on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first dispose
of the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole.]
Mr. "ASHMUN rose and suggested that by
unanimous consent the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] should be enter-
tained.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order.
Mr. RATHBUN called for the regular order of
business, being the consideration of bills on the
private calendar.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk (in reference
to the point of order raised by Mr. Dromgoole)
to read the following rule:
« 133. No standing rule or order of the House '•hall be re-
scinded or changed without one day's nonce being given
the motion therefor; nor shall any rule he -impended except
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the members pieserit; no?
