290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
shalJ the order of business, as established by the rule?. bepo.*t- !
poned or changcd, except hyavote of at least two-thirds of j
the. member.-* present. The House may, fit any time, by a vote 1
of a majority of the jne^jber.-? present, ^u«pend the rules and j
orders ior tl*c purpose of going into the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union; and aUo for provj- ■
dmg for the discharge <>i theronnmttee from the further con- i
^deration of any bill referred to it, after actin?, without (le- 1
bate, on all amendments pending, and thatmay be offeied." ;
The rule having been read— ]
The SPEAKER, said: Under the fifty-fifth rule,
whilst the motion to reconsider the vote on the 1
adoption of the resolution of yesterday is pending;,
it is not in order to move to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. The Chair
decided that question twice last evening. The
Clerk will read the rule.
The Clerk then read the fifty-fifth rule, as fol-
lows:
"55. When a motion ha> been mice made, and carried in :
the affirmative or negative, it shall be m ordei <01 any mem-
ber of tlio majority to move for the reeon*jd"iatioii thereof
on the same or the su^ceedm^ da\ ; and >ueh motion t-hall
take piccedeace of ail other questions, except a motion to ■
adjourn.'5 !
Mr. DROMGOOLE contested the decision of ,
the Chair under this rule. The House yesterday
had no opportunity of reviewing: and deciding upon
the decision of the Speaker, because the question of
reconsideration excluded all others. His own im- .
pression was, that the privilege of moving, at any ;
time, to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, was intended to get over all em- 1
barrassing questions of this kind.
The SPEAKER here suggested, that as the pre- .
vious question had (yesterday) been demanded on
the motion to reconsider, no debate on an inciden-
tal question was in order. ;
Mr. DROMGOOLE did not know that the pre- ;
vious question was pending. i
Mr. WINTHROP rose to make an inquiry of,:
the Chair. He wished to know whether, by gen-
eral consent, the motion to reconsider, which had ;
been the cause of all this difficulty, might not be ,
withdrawn, and that thus all these proceedings
would fall to the ground.
The SPEAKER, thought that, by general con- 1
sent, such a coursc might be pursued. I,
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested whether, by
general consent, the motion to reconsider ought m
not to be put and carried ? 'i
[Several voices: '* Try it;" " Well—weaieallon
hand.''] ;!
The SPEAKER said, that all this was out of
order. And, on reflection, the Spe\kf,r would '
state, that the appeal of the gentleman from Vir- ■
ginia [Air. Dromgoolf;] could not be enteitained.
There was already one appeal pending, and, by the ,
rule, one appeal could not be piled upon another. ■
Mr. DROMGOOLE supposed. then, that he had
no right to make the point of order.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair had decided
as it was bound by the rule to decide.
Mr. DROMGOOLE therefore u ithdrew his mo-
tion that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
that motion could not be made, nor on appeal taken,
whilst another appeal was pending.
Mr. ASHMUN then submitted that the first 1
question before the House was on his motion to be
excused from voting on the appeal taken yesterday ■
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] '
on which motion the yeas and' nays had been or- i
dered. He (Mr. A.) now suggested that the mo- !!
tion to reconsider should, by general consent, be "
withdrawn.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON making an inquiry 1
of the Chair in relation to the state'"of the ques- '
tion, .■
The SPEAKER said the Chair will state in ■
order the questions pending before the House. >
The first question was on excusing the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Asiimun] from ;
voting on the appeal taken by the gentleman from !
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] from the decision of the '
Chair, that a motion for a call of the House was ''
not in order (a quorum being present) pending a
motion to reconsidcr. ° ;
The second question was on that appeal, and
that question being disposed of, the next question :
would be on the demand for the previous question, !
(on the motion to reconsider.) If the House re- j
fused to second the demand for the pievious ques- !
tioii, the question would then come up on the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. MoHexuv,] «
made yesterday, to postpone the consideration of
the motion to reconsider. If that motion should
not prevail, the House would be brought directly
back to the motion to reconsider.
: Mr. JACOB THOMPSON gave notice of his
; intention to mo\e to lay on the table the motion
to excuse, and all other pending questions.
, Mr. R. CHAPMAN" inquired of the Chair what
would be the effect of withdrawing the motion to
; be excused from voting?
1 The SPEAKER. The question would then be
on the appeal.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to lay on the
table the motion to excuse.
After a brief conversation between Mr. ASH-
MUN and the SPEAKER,
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether it would be
iii order to move to lay on the table the motion to
leconsider?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time.
Mr. STEPHENS asked the yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Jacob Thompson; which were
ordered.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said, that if this
game was to be played over, he would not be the
means of consuming the time of the House. He
wotdd therefore withdraw his motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. BARRINGER inquired of the Chair wheth-
er, by unanimous consent, the House could not go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that ques-
tion twice last night.
Mr. BARRINGER. I believe every gentleman
would be willing to do that.
Mr. YV. HUNT inquired of the Chair whether
it would be in order to move that the original reso-
lution, and all subsequent proceedings appertaining
to it, be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER, It would not be in order.
Mr. ASHMUN. For the purpose of testing
whether there is any objection or not, I move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
motion to be out of order.
Mr. ASHMUN. But it may be received by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
question will be put.
Mr. RATHBUN. I move, that the House go
into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of
taking up the private calendar, as the rule requires.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ennnot entertain
that motion whiNt the other question is pending.
Mr. RATHKUN. Does any member object to
my motion ?
A number of members objected.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN now indicated his willing-
ness, if the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ashmun] would withdraw his motion, to move to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider. j
Mr. TOOMBS inquired of the Chair whether it j
would be in Older for him to withdraw Ins appeal r |
The SPEAKER, said, not as the matter atjn*es- |
ent jstood. •
Mr. ASHMUN. In order to give the gentle- |
man from Alabama [Mr. Chapmax] an opportu- j
nity to make Ins motion, 1 withdraw my motion i
to be excused from voting. j
So the motion to excuse was withdrawn. i
Whereupon the question lecurred on the appeal !
of Mr. Toombs. |
Mr. T. said he would withdraw his appeal, if j
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. S. Junius] would j
withdraw his motion to reconsider. 1
Mr. S. JONES assented. ]
Mr. TOOMBS withdrew his appeal. !
Mr. S. JONES withdrew his motion to recon- •
aider. |
So the question was settled.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. |
And, on motion of Mr, DROMGOOLE, the '
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole •
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fjcki.in, of Illi- !
nois, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the naval
service.
Mr, SIMS being entitled to the floor from yes-
terday, resumed and concluded lu& remarks, as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman*: According to the authorities
which I have read to the committee, it would seem
that the President of the United States, at the head
of our military affairs, had a right to conquer ter-
ritory, to hold it by military occupation, and, as a
part of that military occupation, to establish pro-
visional civil governments. I have shown that
this war is not waged for conquest, but that, ac-
cording to the terms of the President's message, it
was waged, and rightfully waged, after it'was
commenced, for an indemnity "for injuries long-
heretofore perpetrated by the Mexican Government
upon our citizens, for indemnity for the expenses
of the war, and for indemnity against future ag-
gression.
It is asked, however, by gentlemen who have
preceded me in the debate on the Mexican war,
what is to be done with this territory? Although
this war be not waged for conquest, do we not
intend permanently to occupy these territories?
And are we not determined at the conclusion of
the war to hold them? And many, and grave,
and supposed to be difficult questions, are raised
in the progress of the debate, in connexion with
their permanent acquisition.
During the pendency of hostilities, I hold it to be
premature on the part of this House to enter into
the discussion of this question. According to the
laws of war, we have a right to make conquests.
The occupation of the enemy *s country and the
evils of war which we theieby bring upon them,
are the only efficient means in the prosecution of a
war to produce that result for which all wars are
prosecuted, to wit, a speedy peace. If we, in ad-
vance, proclaim to the Mexican people that we
would not hold their country; that at the introduc-
tion of negotiations, or at the conclusion of nego-
tiations, we do not intend to claim the advantages
of the war, why we make this an idle tournament:
nay, worse than an idle tournament, for instead of
idle jousts, we are hazarding and destroying' the
Ines and property of our people, and the Mexican
people, without any practical result.
There is another reason why this House ought
to forbear to express an opinion on this subject, it
is peculiarly the province of this House, in con-
nexion with the other branch of the Legislature of
the Union, to declare war. It is no part of the
province of this House to make peace. Accord-
ing to the well-digested and well-balanced depart-
ments of our Government, the war-makmg power
is intrusted to Congress. They represent the peo-
ple. The peace-making power is lodged with the *
treaty-making power—the Pjesident and Senate,
The President alone has the right to institute nego-
tiations looking to peace, the result of such nego-
tiations to be ratified and confirmed by the Senate.
It is only after the conclusion of negotiations that
a subsequent question can arise, letting in the au-
thority of this House. It does not become us, in
advance, to trammel negotiation, by throwing out
suggestions which may inspirit the Mexicans, or
which may entangle or cripple the Executive, either
in the prosecution of the war, or in teims of pcacc
by negotiation. I hope, therefore, from want of
authority, that th's House wdl forbear to express
an opinion on this subject. For one, I am willing
for a treaty of peace, if Mexico will make ns
proper indemnity for injuries to the amount of
millions, which we have sustained; if she will
acknowledge our boundary—our boundary to the
Rio Grande, and a suitable line from thence to the
Pacific. I am willing that her territory shall be
abandoned, on making us suitable indemnity for
all the losses sustained in waging war, and some
suitable indemnity that she will not bring upon us
hostilities again. I go for full reparation for all
damages we have sustained by hostilities. Let it
be made in money; we prefer it to the wild pam-
pas and wide-spread mountains; but until this in-
demnity is obtained, I am opposed to yielding one
foot of territory. I would hold it as indemnity;
whether to beheld temporarily or permanently, I
will not undertake now to determine. If no other
indemnity be made, then I would insist on its per-
manent occupation, notwithstanding all these dan-
gerous and difficult questions which gentlemen sup-
pose may arise out of the permanent occupation of
this new country.
Sir, I have no apprehension of the magnified and
manifold difficulties which gentlemen suggest. The
overruling Providence which hasaverted and turned
away the thousand difficulties which from time to
time have clustered around our institutions, will
again be able to interfere, and will interpose for
