1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
our protection and safety. When difficulty arises, I
though it may look startling and dangerous, I have
no doubt that that difficulty will be overcome. Not j
only in Providence hare I this abiding confidence, !
but I have confidence in the good sense and the >
patriotism of the large mass of the American peo- :
pie, both north and south, I do not believe on the i
slave question, or any other question, the child is j
born in this country who shall witness a dissolu- i
tion of this Union. I have no idea of the thing, '
Politicians may arise and flourish, and they will 1
perish beneath the scorn and contempt of the large ,
masses of the honest and well-thinking people in !
every portion of this Union, who shall attempt to j
subvert the institutions and Government of their
country. I repeat, that the child is not born who [
shall witness a dissolution of the Union on any !
question that has been suggested. How can it be
done? It is supposed that this slave question is <
the most dangerous of all others. Sir, no man
who reads his Bible, and who is a Christian, either 1
in theory or in practice, can denounce slavery as !
immoral. Who does not know the histoiy of this 11
abolition movement in Christendom? The very (
first step taken by the French Encyclopedists for A
overturning the authority of the Bible was to pub- ;j
lish to the world—and they made the French peo-
ple believe it—that slavery was wrong in principle; j
and then that the Bible from one end to the other
was the advocate of slavery. The conclusion was r
inevitable that the Bible was wrong in principle— !!
that the Bible was a fable, not to be believed—and
that the religion that stood upon it, recognising and '!
allowing slavery, mast be wrong. No man, who jj
is a Christian, can denounce slavery as immoral, j'
In the laws of Moses, slavery is introduced and !i
provided for: slavery is recognised throughout the ;
Bible. It is therefore useless to say that a heresy ;[
resting upon this flimsy foundation of infidelity, l!
can produce these dangerous results which gentle- ]\
men speak of. I believe in the abiding good sense i
and Christianity of the American people; that they ]\
will not rise—in the face of Providence and in
contempt of the laws of the Bible. ;
I go, then, for an occupation pei mancntly of this ;
whole country until we are indemnified for the ex- :
penses which our citizens ha\e sustained from time ,
to time from Mexico, and until we arc indemnified
for the expenses of this war. Whenever this is
done, I would surrender the country; until it is .
done, the country should be held.
Mr. Chairman, another grave question presents !
itself. The great object of this, as well as every i
other war, is to secure peace. This, the President ;}
tells you, is the object of this war. We have al- i
ready seen that the only alternative left to us to j;
arrive at this result is a vigorous prosecution of [I
the war. How shall that war be prosecuted with j;
vigor so as to produce a peace? Sir, the com- 1
mander-in-chief, the President of the United States, (
on whom the constitution of the country throws ;!
the prosecution of this war, should be met with a '
becoming confidence by the Congress of the coun- jj
try, who should supply him with the men and jl
means and the modes of conducting the war for ;|
which he asks. He is responsible for the conduct !
of the war. One of the modes which he proposes 1
is by the appointment of a lieutenant geneial to
command all our forccs in Mexico. Iam sorry :
that the Congress of the United States have not 1
thought proper to respond to the President's re- 1
commendation in this respect. I believe, in the [
conduct of a foreign war at a distance from the seat ,
of Government, where the President of the United !
States is necessarily detained, where the head of ;
the War Office is properly detained, that such an :
officer should be created. I believe, with a suit- ;
able appointment of this sort, the war would be i
prosecuted with gi eater vigor—that it would be !
prosecuted with better results. And I think, as ;
there is a precedent for such an appointment, that |
we ought to have listened and yielded to the re-
commendation of the President in this respect. I
say there is a precedent for this. In 1798, when
we were about, as was supposed, to be involved in ,
hostilities with France, what was the language of :
the Congress then assembled, in the act by them !
passed to raise a provisional army? That law, in
its fifth section, is as follows: J
§fc, 5. Jindbeit farther enacted, That whenever the Pres- j
ident shall deem it expedient, he is hereby empowered to J
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, j
a commander of the army which may be raised by virtue of ;
this act, and who, being commissioned as lieutenant genei al, i
nuij be authorized to command the armies of the United :
States, and shall ho entitled to the following pay and emol-
ument.-, viz: two hundred and fifty dollars monthly pay,
fifty dollar^ monthly allowance for forage, when the Fame
fc-hall not be provided by the United Sl-ues, and foity rati.m-s
per day, or money in lieu thereof, at the current price ; who
shall have authority to appoint, from time to time, such
number of aid<, not exceeding four, and secretaries, not ex-
ceeding two, as he may judge" pioper, each to have the rank,
pay, and emolument^ of a lieutenant colonel.— Vo'ume 1,
United States Laics, at Large, p. 558, Little and Brown.
state of public opinion in the northern, western, or
middle States ? Or whether it was in consequence
of the known determination of the southern people
that their institutions shall be carried into that
country if it be acquired ?
Mr. SIMS, (in reply.) It is founded on the
known determination of the southern people that
their institution shall be carried there; it is found-
Here, then, we have a precedent for what the ii I&WS °,f 6°d' .T""6',' °n ^ C'!T
President asks. If it was'thought important at ;! ,°/„ ,f'e bf sla^e la^'' can
that time that a lieutenant general should be ap- !|
pointed to lead to the battle-field the armies of the
United States, within the limits of the United
States, how much more important is it now, when
the scene of operations is at a distance, far re-
moved from the seat of government, or the limits
of the United States, requiring1 weeks for consult-
ation,either with the President of the United States
or the head of the War Department? I think we
acted unadvisedly in not yielding to this request,
and that we, in a great measure, interposed our-
selves between him and the responsibilities of a
vigorous prosecution of the war. 1 have no hesi-
tation in supposing that the whole plan of the
campaign has been undertaken and instituted with
a view to tins appointment; and if so, the proba-
bility is, that the campaign will languish, and be
productive of slight lesu'us, for the want of such an
officer. I say, then, for a vigorous prosecution of the
war, looking through that means to a speedy peace,
I think this officei should have been appointed, in
accordance with the Executive recommendation.
There is another reason why such an officer
should be appointed. I am sorry to comment upon
this additional reason. It has transpired in the
newspapers in the last week or two—a letter said
to have been written by General Taylor to some
gentleman in this country. If these wore General
Taylor's private sentiments, it ill became him, as
the head of the invading army in Mexico, to have
made them public. For an invading general to
authorize his opinion to be published to the world,
in which he speaks of difficulties, of inability to
perform what is required of him by his position,
and to make the publication of su<'h sentiments,
which will necessarily go before the Mexican pub-
he, 1 hold to be highly injudicious, it w ould seem
from the tone of that letter, if it is not expressed
in terms, that General Taylor entertains some
scruples as to the propriety of this war. There
should be at the head of our army such an officer
as believes that the war is just, as believes that it
should be piosecuted with vigoi; such an officer
as has the ability as well as the will to plan and
execute, with efficiency and power, a successful
campaign. I do not know that General Taylor
has authorized the publication of that letter. I
am slow to believe it. I hope it will turn out to ,
have been a most flagrant breach of confidence in j
any person to whom that letter may have been j
written as a private letter. Whoever his friend 1
may be, he has done great misservice to General !
Taylor as well as to the country. j
Upon the whole, then, Mr. Chairman, I have ,
undertaken to show to the committee that we have 1
but two alternatives in refeience to the piosecution j
of the war: either to withdraw our troops and .i ration.
no idea that the. North or the West will resist to
: the death. This Union will never be dissolved on
'! that question.
j| Mr. WOOD, ofNew York, here interposed, and
ij protested against the gentleman answering either
jj for the North or for God.
jj Mr. SIMS. I answer for God, because this
| opinion is written in his revealed word- I can
t speak authoritatively upon that point,
j Mr. PAYNE, of Alabama, then obtained the
, floor, and, after a few preliminary remarks, pro-
posed to amend the bill by imposingatax of thirty
per cent, on the all articles now on the free list m
j the nu iff law of 1846, with the exception of bullion
and coin. He then went into a speech, in which
he complained that the President had not been sus-
,, tamed in carrying on the war; cited the refusals of
■ : the House to comply with his recommendations of
'! a tax on tea and coffee, and the appointment of a
i; lieutenant general; dwelt on the expediency of
both those measures; animadverted on the letter
j published as from General Taylor, which he could
'| not be'ieve to be genuine, it was so unworthy of a
!j great commander, and belittled him into a petty
I party aspirant, intent on defeating a rival, and se-
| curing his own elevation, &c., and then went into
: questions of finance.
! Mr. STANTON obtained the floor, (having but
I six minutes left, to speak in,) and moved an amend*
| ment by order of the Committee on Naval Affaiis.
! Mr. WOOD then got the floor, but yielded it
i to
Mr. HOLMES, who, as chairman of the Naval
Committee, thought he had been entitled to it in
1 preference to Mr. Si anion. He had five amend-
! mcnts to propose; but before he had stated them,
; the hour of one o'clock, the time fixed by the res-
olution of the House for closing debate, arrived,
and the committee proceeded to vote on amend-
ments.
The first question was on the amendment offered
by Mr. John A. Rockwell, to the end of the sec-
ond item of the bill, viz: "That the spirit ration
4 allowed the men in the navy be discontinued,
' and that six cents per day be allowed in lieu
< thereof."
Mr. STANTON moved to amend the amend-
I ment by adding thereto: "And that no officer of
' the. navy shall be allowed to carry on board any
' vessel of the United States any malt, vinous, or
1 spmtous liquors, except for medical purposes."
Agreed to—ayes 79, noes 41.
The question on the amendment as amended
was then put, and disagreed to—ayes 44, noes 80.
Mr. HAMLJN reofternd Mr. Rockwell's
amendment, reducing the amount to five cents per
yield to the Mexicans all our conquests, and ac-
knowledge we are unable to prosecute it, or to
prosecute it with vigor, until we conquer the peace
for which it was undertaken. I think I have
shown that the war was just and necessary; that
it was not waged for conquest, but m accordance
with the laws of nations as recognised under the
Constitution of the United States whenever a war
exists in this country, that we have a right to make
conquests, to occupy the country, to establish pro-
visional governments; and to seize upon even more
than is necessary to indemnify us for the inju-
ries we complain of and the expenses of the war.
I have also attempted to show that, should it be
necessary, we may rightfully, and without any
great danger, looking to an overruling Providence
and to the patriotism of our people, permanently
occupy this country. And 1 have no doubt I
express the opinion here—that every foot of teru-
tory we shall permanently occupy south of thirty-
six degrees thirty minutes, will be slave territory.
Mr. BURT here interposed, (Mr. S. yielding,)
and desired to ask his colleague whether he had
Mr. STANTON renewed his amendment to Mr.
Rockwell's amendment to this proposition.
The vote was taken and agreed to: Ayes 84,
noes 35.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hamlin's
amendment as amended, and disagreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, offered an
amendment 44 allowing tea, coffee, and chocolate
to the men, in lieu of the spirit ration."
Mr. STANTON renewed his amendment to
this amendment. Agreed to.
The vote was then taken on Mr. Rockwell's
amendment as amended hv Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment, and it was disagieed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL then proposed to amend the
bill " by allowing six cents per day in lifcu of the
spirit ration to such men as may elect to receive
the same."
Mr. SAWYER inquired if the amendment was
in order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment in
order.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to amend the
expressed the opinion that the country conquered jj amendment by making it three cents per day.
from Mexico south of 36° 30' would be occupied j Disagreed to. _
with the slave institutions, in consequence of the j The vote was then taken on MivRockwell s
