202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
And the
amendment by teller*: Yeas 79, nays 50.
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of New Hampshire, offered
the following amendment, to come in at the end of
the item making appropriations at Kittery:
" And that the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
eaiue to be constructed at the navv yard at Kittery, Maine,
a floating diy dock for ship? of the line, with basin and rail-
way ; and the sum of,$50,000 is herein appropnated towards
said dock, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
approbated."
Mr. LEVIN moved to amend the amendment
as follows:
Ck That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
cause to be constructed at eacho? 1 he navy jaid- at Kitteiy,
Philadelphia, Mid Pensacola. a floating diy doc k for .-hip- of
the line, with basin and railways at Philadelphia, and refei-
cnee theieto at the other p!ace-,on such plan a-^mav he pre-
ferred b> the Secretary of the Nny, the^aid dock at P« nsa
cola to be eompSried with all possible de-patch ; and the sum
of fifty thousand dollars is hciehv appropnated towaids said
dock at Kittery; fifty thousand dollar?, towaids .said dock at
Philadelphia; and two hundred and riity thousand dodais
tow aids ?aid dock at P<m-aeola, out of any ruonev in the
treasury not otherwise appiopiiated."
Mr. JOHNSON accepted Mr. Levin's amend-
ment as a substitute for his amendment.
Mv. McKAY rose to a question of order, and
inquired if the amendment was in order?
The CHAIR decided the amendment m order.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL appealed fiom
the decision of the Chair.
After several rules m relation to appropriations,
bills, &c., were read—
The question was put, "Shall the decision of
the. Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee and decided as follows: Yeas 8:2, nays 42.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON moved to amend the amend-
ment by .striking out all thertof, and inserting:
" That the Secretnrj of the Navy cause to be con*tmr?ed
at the navy\aid at Pcn<aco!a, in the --borte-t practhable
time, a floating dry nock o! iron, upon the phin of the
1 pactional' or k balance' deck, as he may deem expedient;
wlneii -.aid dry doek shall he capable ot lifting and -imam-
ine a ship of the line with ail hei ainiament- and that the
Seeretai\ also take steps for birldin« s-itriilai dock-* at the
navy-yards of Philadelphia and Kittery. And the sum of
four hundred thousand dollar foi the doek at Pensaeohi
fifty thou-and dollars lor that at Philadelphia, and titty thou-
sand doll irs for that at Kittery, nie bet ehy nppiopriated, out
of any money not otherwise appropriated. That the saul
Secretary shall negotiate with the owners of the patent j
rights t'oi the 'seetional diy dock1-, ba-m, and ratlu ay«/and j
for kGilbeit'-; Ualance Dock and is hereby authorised to I
ptneha e the n^ht to build many of vud docks a-i ma\ i
heieafti r he authonzed bylaw: ]'i ot We-.', The puicha-e caii ■
he made within thirty days and upon ica-onable teim-. Ff |
the ou'iiph of said patent* shall ie;u-e to >ell the same upon i
reasonable teun-.. the Secrct-u i' -hall appoint three commit- 1
stoners to pppiai\c The \,ilue thereof, which shall he done :
within twent\ day- ; ami i: the ^ai.l ou nei.. oi either ofthem,
sha'l then refuse to accept t!i<: vmIih of >anl parent n-hts j
re«{>fct!\ely, a-^ appiai-« d, the Seeretarv is heieb\"an- 1
thou/.ed to adopt and iw- e.thei or both o< them for the I
public serviee, and to report all the fact?, to tins Ifou—: the i
value of taid patent risht- to he paid out of the bum herein ,
appropriated fot the doek at PenMU'Ola." !
Mr. Stavtox's amendment to the amendment ,
was disi^recd to.
Mr. BOYD now mo\ed to aniond the amend- i
ment, by substituting therefor the following: !
"The Seeretnv ot the N,iv\ N herein diocied to pur- !
Hm*e, fo  the ib'c of the «ovrinm"it of the lrmted States, 1
at Fen'-aeola, a floating drv doek tor =diips of the line vvitn 1
their armament, on such plan a- the Na\_v Depaifment -hall
d< "in most eligible : J'roi.deL That thr V.ud dock shall i e 1
constructed hythe piopiietoi--of the patent thereof, at their 1
own >-ole risk; and shall not he accepted and peid hu nntiJ
alter it shall have aetualh op.uated in docking a vessel.
according to the agreement of tlie .-aid propria tors- to the 1
sntnlaetiou of the said Seeietaiv of the Nan ; and lot fhe
purchase of the said dock and the eonstiur tioij of such addi-
tional works a.- the same maj leqnire for it- accommodation
and protection, a sum not execcduur three hundred and finv '
thou-and dollais, is herebj uppiopnated. out of any money '
111 the Trcabury not otherwise appiopuatcd.*' ' " i
The vote on Mr. Boyd's amendment to the amend- 1
ment was derided by tellers, os follows: Ayes 62, i
noes 7(j. ' 1
So the amendment to the amendment was dig,- '
agreed to. I
Mr. HAMLIN renewed Mr. Boyd's proposition :
of amendment to the amendment, with the'follow- !
ing addition: "And that >50,000 be appropriated |
for the commencement of a dry dock at Kittery, 1
Maine, and $50,000 for the commencement of" a'
dry dock at Philadelphia. " j
The amendment to the amendment was disagreed
to,
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL moved to amend
the amendment by adding " $50,000 for a dty dock
at Cincinnati." Ruled out of order.
Air JOSFa>H J. MeDOWELT. then moved to
add to the amendment, "and $100,000 for a dry
dock at Memphis." Disagreed to.
Mr. BAYliY moved to amend Mr. Levin's
amendment by striking out the words " the Bureau
of Docks and Yards,1' and inserting in lieu thereof
" the Secretary of the Navy." Agreed to.
Mr. T. BUTLER KING moved to amend the
amendment by substituting therefor the following;
which was disagieed to:
"That the Secretary of the Navy cause to be constructed
at the navy yard at Pensaeola. in the shortfr-t ptaeticahle
time, a flouting diy dock of iron, upon the plan ot the sec-
tional' or 'balance dock,5 as he may deem most expedient,
which said dock thai! be capable of lifting and sustaining a
fu«ate with all her armament: and that the Secretary also
take f-tep.^ for building similar doek^ capable of su.-tamimr a
ship of Pie line at thr navy yaidsat Philadelphia and Kitteiv;
and the fain ot ^-100,000 for the doek at Pernac-ola,
for that at Philadelphia, and £50,000 for that at Kittery, are
hetebv appropnated, out of any toonrym the ticn<ury not
othenvise apptopnated; and that the Mud Secretary shall
negotiate with the owners of the patent lights: foi the {*cc-
tioual dsv docks, ba-ins, and railways,* and tor 'Gnheit's
balance dockand is hereby autiiouzed to purchase the
ii^ht to build as many of said dock? at! mav hereaftei he au-
thorized bv law: Provided, The purchase can fie made with-
in thirly day-4, arid upon icasonable terms, if the owners of
the said patents shall refuse to hell the t-arne upon iea-on-
able terms, the Seerutaiv shall appoint three eommi^ioneis
to appraise the value thereof, which s-hall be done within
twenty days; and it the said owners, or either of them, shall
then ret use to accept the value of said patent rights respect-
ively, as thu^ appim^ed, the Secretary i< hereby authorized
to adopt and use eithei or both of them foi the public service,
and to report all the facts to this House; the value of said
patent to be paid out of the s>um hei em appropriated foi the
dock at Penvaeola.'''
The question was then taken on Mr. Lrvin's
amendment, and dccided by tellers, as follows:
Ayes 80, noes 42. j
'So the amendment was agreed to. |
Mr. SEAMAN moved to amend by adding to j
the item for the Biooklyn navy yard, New York,
the following: '' Eor launching the fn^ate Sabine, |
' now on the stocks at the na\y yard, Brooklyn, j
4 £100,000; which ship has btcn on the stocks j
' rwenty-two years." ;
Mr. BAYLY moved to add to the amendment !
the follow ins;: " And the ship New Yoik at Gos- i
4 port, which has been on the stocks still longer, j
s #100.000." !
This amendment to the amendment was agreed I
to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Seaman's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. LEWIS mo\ed to amend the item for the
Brooklyn navy yard by adding thereto thefollow-
in<^; which was disagieed to;
Pi Jridt </, That foi tins <511)11 the Secretary of'the Navy
shall i>e aide to pto-'iir" the eoj p! tiun or eon^ti uetion of a
dr\ doek at I.iookhn teilv adequate to the wants of the pub-
lic -civice ; and psovidf d, should the Secretaiy ot the Navy
deem it e\p -diem to piuc-ur.' the con-'t ruction of such a dock
b\ eonti.wt. that no p-iit of the consideration therefor shall
he paid or pajable until >ai<( dr>ek ^iialI have been comple-
ted, te-st-id approved, and aeceptcd by the Government.1'
Mr. J. P*.. INUER.SOLL moved to amend tlie
item for the Philadelphia navy yard by adding-—
'•For making a pichminaiv sutvey to a^ceitam tlie posi-
tions at which nece^.-aty additional repans, improve<nent-(,
and naval constructions are at thi< tune nio^t apruopiiate
and will he nio-t u-elul in the bay and nvet Dehuvau',
,■*.-2,000."
Disagreed to.
Mr. SIMPSON moved the following as a new
section; which was disagreed to:
"Jlad he if further eihfied^ That the Secretary of the Navv
shall be at liberty to -idopt for the navv the new invented
cameN a-* a MiS^titnte for docks of all kind®, and the sum of
>•■200,000 i- hereby appi opnatod, out of anv money m the
tieasury not otherwise appiopnated foi that pm pose, if, on
full exnmi.i Uion, the Scer.'tary of the Navy shall deem them
prcl'dabb-.'-'
Mr. McKAY moved to reduce the appropriation
for nay and subsistence of the marine corps from
$199,*280 to $150,000. Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the item " For
provisions, ^31,944.Agreed to.
Mr. "WOOD moved' the following:, as an addi-
tional section to the bill; which was disagreed to:
a Jhirf he it further enacted, 7'liat a sum not exceeding .$7.")
be paid to tacli toiwaid officer, a s-um not exceeding .^'50 to
each wan ant officer, and a sfum not exceeding $05 to each
>eaman ot the Missouri, for the lo-ses bustamed by them m
clotmnff re-pectivelv, m <,onse<pienec of the burning of that
fehip in the Bay of Gibraltar; but no pavrnent to be made to
an\ claimant for sueli loss until due proof thereof he made to
the Chief of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing."
Mr. BAYLY, by direction of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, moved the following as an addi-
tional section; which was agreed to:
l< Jind he it further cnacted, That so much of the proviso
ot the act of March, entitled ' An act making appio
' pnations for the naval service for the half calendar year,
'beginning the 1st of January, and ending the 30th day of
'June, 1S44,3 as requires that provisions, and all other mate-
rials of eveiy name and nature fo/ the use of the navy, b j
furnished by contract with the lowm bidder a''ter advertise-
ment, shall be, and the same is hereby, so far modified that
it shall notappjj to butter and cheese destined for the ueeof
mil navy,orthingscontrabandofwar. And it shall be law-
till that contracts tor those at ticles for the use of thr navy be
made a<* heretofore, for period-* looser than one year, if, in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, economy and the
quality of the ration will be promoted thereby.1'
Mr. BAYLY moved the following as an addi-
tional section; which was agreed to:
"Jind be it further enacted, That the pay of firemen and
coal-heaveis emploud in the naval service shall hereafter
be fited by the President of the United States m the same
manner as is now pioudcd by law for the pay oi other petty
officers, and of seamen, ordnmiy seamen, and marine*, and
ho much of the act of Con^rrs^, approved August 31, lfc'42,
entitled lAn act to reaulatc the appointment and pay of en-
irincer.-. in the navy of the United State?,' as ti\es the pay of
firemen and coal-heavers, be and the same i-> heiimy io
pealed."
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved rn
additional section, as follows; which was disagreed
to:
"Jlnd he it further enacted, That fi oni and after the passage
of thi.s bill the Secretary of the Navy mav appoint such war-
lant officer^ other than mid-hipmen as the neee-siticsot the
navy may requiie."
Mr. HOLMES moved the following as an addi-
tional section:
"Jlnd he itjurthcr enacted, Thatthe President may appoint
at laige one und^hiptijan out of eveiy ten to be herea|tor
appointed, provided no appointment at laige be made but
I Iroin the sons ot such naval or military officers as may have
i dud in the service of the United States.'1'
! Mr. WENTWORTH said, he believed the
i nmendment out of order; but if it was declared
i in order, he should move to amend the amend-
' ment, as follows :
44Provided, That m the appointment of imd-lupiivn, the
i Seci< ttiry of tlie Navy s-li;iTI give the preieience to otphans,
| and the ^m-, oi poor peisons. and of those not hohlrn^ puh-
l lie stations; «md that m no case, when tln-rc aie other
aj plirant-^, shall be appointed the sor^ or rehtivfs of nifin-
I hers of Congres-.: and the Sceiciary ot the Navy shall irnoit,
1 at tlie commencement of each icgulai si-s-mn of Consiess,
| the name- of all persons appointed nmKbi[jmen, and the
l persons by whorn they were recommended."
j The CHAIRMAN ruled this amendment out of
order.
! Mr. COLLxAMER moved an amendment as a
j new section, as follows:
] " Jlnd he it further eluded, That one of eveiy st\ vacan-
' cies, as they occur in the grinde of midshipmen, may he
! filled at iaige, iirespectivt- of the place of residence, provided
; the tame be confined to the sons of naval and militai> olfi-
; eers oi the United States."
1 The CHAIR dccidcd the amendment out of
' order.
j Mr. COLLAMER appealed from thp decision
j of the Ch«ir.
; The question was put, and the decision of the
, Chair was sustained.
j Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved an amend-
i ment, as a new section, providing:—
! " That all payment-* made to petty ojhcer«, seamen, and
marines, dunm; the e.M-tence ol tlie independent treasury
, act, shall be made m gold and silver only."
■ Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL raised a quc-s-
. tion of order as to the relevancy of the amendment.
; The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order.
; Mr. ROCKWELL appealed.
; The question was stated, and the decision of the
. Chair sustained—tellers reporting: ayes 78, noes
33.
I Mr. HAMLIN moved the following as a new
' section:
C£ Jind he it further enacted, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby authorized to appoint, by
ami with the advice and consent of tlie Senate, tlmfeen
assistant surgeons in the navv of the United States, in addi-
tion to the present numbei of that corps."
; The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved the
; following amendment as a new section:
^ JLnd be it further enacted, That out of the money appro-
; priated in thr.- act for the pay of the navy and contingent
expenses enumerated, an amount not exceeding ,^9^,900
may be expended, undei the direction of the Secretary of
tlie Navy, for repairs, improvements, and instruction at Fort
Severn, Annapolis, Maryland." ^
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend this
amendment by adding thereto, as a proviso, the
section offered by him, and decided out of order by
the Chairman.
j The CHAIR ruled this proposition of amend-
ment to the amendment out of order.
