1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Holmes's amendment was agreed to by tel-
lers: Ayes 74, noes 41.
Mr. j-IOLMES, of South Carolina, moved the
following as a new section:
"And be it further enacted, That ten thousand dollars bp
appropriated to purchase a lot in or near the city of New
Oileans, to be used as a depdt for coal and other naval arti-
cles."
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved the
following as an additional section; which was dis-
agreed to:
<{%dnd be it farther enacted, That the act of May 17, A D.
1844, entitled 'An act making appiopnations for the naval
service /or the fiscal year ending the thirtieth day of June,
eispiteen hundred and forty-five,'winch duetts 'that the
( Secretary of the Navy shall orderacompetenteommission-
s ed or warrant officerof the navy to take charge of thenava!
c stores for foreign squadrons in place of naval storekeepers,
< at each of tho foreign poits where said btores may be de-
1 posited, and where astorekeepei is necessary,' he, and the
same is hei eby,so iar modified as to authorize the selection
and appointment of citizens, other than naval ofiicerr* to be
storekeepers on foreign stations, when suitable naval officers
cannot be ordered on such semce, or wlien, m the opinion
of the Secretary of the Navy/ the public interest will be
piomoted thereby. Persons ho selected and appointed to
receive the same compensation a^ now allowed, and to enter
into bond with security, as is required by law of officers ol
the Navy."
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved the
following cis an additional section; which was dis-
agreed to:
" That from and aftei the passage of this act, all moneys
deiived from the sale of all suites and other articles belong-
ing to the navy, shall revert to that appropimtion from which
such stores and other articles wore puichased; and the Sec-
retary of the Tie.wury is hereby authorized and directed to
lefuuri to the appiopnation for'clothing for the nav>'the
proceeds of all sales of condemned navy clothing, which has
been paid into the treasury of the United States subsequent
to the first day ol August, 1844, as shall appear from the ac-
counts ot the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing and the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; and it thaU not be lawful
hereafter to make transfers Aom the clothing fund, or the
head of the appropriation for the 'clothing of the navy' to
any other head of appropriation, except in the adjustment of
the accounts of disbursing otiiceis, the office of the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasuiy."
Mr. STANTON moved the following amend-
ment to the bill; which was disagreed to:
"For pay of the naturalist, authorized by the Seciet.ny of
the Navy, upon the suggestion of the Resident of the United
States, to be employed on board the frigate Constitution, in
her cruise of 1844, being the amount withheld from Captain
John Percival, $2,117 Q3."
Mr. PAYNE offered the following: as a new sec-
tion:
" J3nd be it further cnactcd, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, theie shall be a duty of thnty per cent, ad
valorem laid and collected upon ail articles imported from
foreign countries, (coin and bullion excepted) not taxed by
the revenue bill, appioved the 31st July, 1846."
Mr. DROMGOOLE wused a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order.
The committee then rose and reported the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved the previous ques-
tion; and under its operation the amendments of
the Committee of the Whole were concurred in,
except those which follow, on which a separate
vote on each was had.
The vote was then taken on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. John A. Rockwell, " allowing six
cents per day to such seamen as may elect to re-
ceive the same in lieu of the spirit ration now allow-
ed in the navy."
The tellers reported in favor of the amendment
76, against it 65. So the amendment was agreed
to.
The next amendment in order was that moved
by Mr. Levin and accepted by Mr. James H
Johnson" as a modification.
The vote was decided by yeas and nays as fol-
lows: Yeas 98, nays 81.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment to be voted on was the
amendment moved by Mr. I. E. Holmes, viz.
" the new section appropriating a sum not exceed-
ing $28,000, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy, for repairs, improve-
ments, and instructions at Fort Severn, Annapolis,
Maryland."
The question was put and the amendment agreed
to.
% The bill was then, under the operation of the
previous question, ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Being engrossed, it was accordingly read a third
time.
293
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the previous question;
which motion prevailing, the bill was passed, and
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration, and
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which was agreed to.
Mr. COCKE asked leave of the House to intro-
duce the following joint resolution :
Resolved unanimously hi/ the Senate and House of, Repre-
sentatives of the Unite! Slates of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the thanks of Congress arc due, and "are hereby
presented to Major General Zachary Taylor, and through
him to the brave ofiiceis and soldiers, both of the regular
aimy and ol the volunteers under his command, for their
couiage, skill, fortitude, and good conduct in htouuing the
city ot Monterey, detended as it was by a iorce more than
double their number, and protected bv the strongest fortifi-
cations, which resulted in a most brilliant victory to our
army, and lefiected lmpeiishable iionor upon our arms.
Resolved, That the Pie&ident be loquested to cause to be
struck a gold medal, with devices emblematic al ol this splen-
did achievement, and pi evented to Geueial Taylor, as a
tfiMunony of the high sense entertained by Confess for his
judicious and distinguished conduct on that"menioiable
occasion.
Recoiled, That the President of the United Srates be re-
quested to cause the hnegoing ie<ohitions to be communi-
cated to Geneial Tajloi, and through him to the army under
his command.
Objection being made to the reception of the
resolution,
Mr. COCKE moved to suspend the rules; and
pending that motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 30, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FAlRFIELDpresented the petition of Sarah
J. Underwood, widow of a deceased naval officer,
praying a renewal of her pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CILLEY presented Wo petitions relating
to the abolition of slavery; the motions to receive
which were laid upon the table.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Genesee county, Michigan, praying the adoption
of measures for the speedy termination of the war
with Mexico; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted documents respecting
the claim of James S. Conway; which were refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, praying that the bill which passed
the House of Representatives making certain
amendments to the charter of said city, may be-
come a law; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. JARNAGIN, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution presenting the thanks of Congress to
Major General Taylor and the officers and soldiers
under his command, for their gallantry in storming
Monterey; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, on leave, introduced a
bill declaring the assent of Congress to the sale of
the Salt Springs lands in Michigan; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mi. WOODBRIDGE, on leave, introduced a
joint resolution respecting maps and charts of the
surveys of the boundary lines between the United
States and foreign States; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee oti the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which had been referred the
bill to correct an error in an act for the reliefof Mary
Ann Linton, reported the same with an amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Jacob
Houseman, praying compensation for property
destroyed on Indian Key.
Mr. LEWIS moved to proceed to the considera-
tion of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. JARNAGIN opposed the motion, on the
ground that the bill required a number of amend-
ments, and a closer examination than he had been
enabled to give it.
Mr. SEVIER suggested the propriety of post-
poning the bill, in consequence of the absence of
the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] who had
intimated his wish to malte some amendment.
The question was then taken on the motion to
proceed to the consideration of the bill: Ayes 9,
noes 13. No quorum.
The motion was then withdrawn. . .
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the naval service for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1848, was read twice, ana referred to the
Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, upon the memorial of
William M.Blackford, late charge d'affaires to New-
Granada, was recommitted to that committee.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OREGON.
The Senate then resumed the consideration (on
its passage) of the bill to create the office of Sur-
veyor General of the public lands in the Territory
of Oregon, to grant donation rights to settle therein,
and for other purposes.
Mr. PEARQE moved to recommit the bill, with
instructions, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BREESE reiterated the objections he had
before urged against the recommitment. Believ-
ing that the main object of the Senator from Ma-
ryland could be effected by ail amendment, he had
prepared one which he hoped would be adopted by
common consent. He would read the amendment.
[Mr. Breese here read his amendment.]
Mr. PEARCE expressed his opinion that the
amendment would not secure the object he had in
view. As he had no desire, however, to embarrass
the bill, he would withdraw the instructions, leav-
ing it simply a motion to recommit.
Mr. BREESE hoped the motion would not pre-
vail. The committee was already overburdened
with business.
Mr. WESTCOTT suggested that the bill might
be examined in committee, and reported on Mon-
day, or some other early day in the week.
Mr. CALHOUN wished this bill to undergo a
very careful examination. For the first time, we
were legislating for the Territory of Oregon, and
our action may affect questions between us and the
Indians, and perhaps relations of far greater im-
portance. British subjects may have rights in the
Territory which we were bound to respect. It
would be proper to look into the fact, and if the
Government had given reason to the settlers to ex-
pect these donations of land, it might be proper to
make them. As the bill to establish a Territorial
Government in Oregon was now before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, the best way would be to
recommit this bill, and let the two bills be consid-
ered together.
Mr. BERRIEN concurred in the views of the
Senator from South Carolina. By a rule adopted
in the Committee on the Judiciary, the business of
the committee was so ananged that there was no
particular pressure. He hoped the bill would be
recommitted.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was glad that the Senator
from Florida [Mr. WestCott] had called the at-
tention of the Senate to this bill, which authorized
surveys and donations of land, in a Territory over
which we had not yet established any government.
If it should be recommitted, the two bills could be
taken up and examined together. He hoped there
would be no objection to this course.
Mr. ATCHISON said that if this bill were re-
committed, we should hear no more of it during
this session. If it must be sent back to any com-
mittee, it should be to the Committee on Public
Lands. It related to surveys and donations of
lands, subjects which properly belonged to that
committee. He did not regard the bill as involving
any very important principles. The Senator from
South Carolina says British subjects may have
rights in theTerritory. They have rights, and very
important ones; but it should be borne in mind that
a treaty is the supreme law of the land, and if an
act of Congress be in violation of this supreme
law, to that extent it can have no effect. He was
willing to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands. He called for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Some further conversation took place on the
subject, ill which some references not distinctly
heard were made to the legal questions involved
in the bill, and a sugg'estion, which was met witri
a disavowal of any such intention, was made that
it would be disrespectful to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands to give the bill another direction. In
this colloquial discussion Messrs. Westcott*
Breese, Ashley, Berrien, Atchison, Calhoun,
and Woodbridge, tookpart.
The question was taken on the motion to recoup
