294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
mil the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS -Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cameron, Chalmers, Cilley, Thomas Clayton. John
M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans,
Greene, Huntington, Jurnagm, johnson of Louisiana, Ali-
son, M.uigum, Miller, Moreheart, Niles, Pearce, Rusk, Snn-
monsj Tumey, Upbam, VVesteott, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atclus-on, Atheiton, Benton,
Breese, Bright, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Sevier,
and Speight—12.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
and resumed the consideration of the bill from the
House to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military forcc, and for other purposes;
The pending question being upon the motion of
Mr. Hannegan to amend Mr. Conivm's amend-
ment, by inserting1 the words "for a period not
less than twelve months," making the bounty ap-
plicable to those only who shall have served for !
twelve months. J
This amendment was adopted—yeas 38, nays 8. j
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved further to |
amrnd, by inserting after the word "service" the
following: u Or who shall have been discharged
before the expiration of their term of service in
consequence of wounds received or sickness in-
curred in the course of such service."
This amendment was adopted.
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved to strike out
the proviso which authorized a grant of eighty
acres for services for a less period than one year.
This was stricken out in order to render theeimct-
ment consistent with the other provisions which
had just been agreed to; and some other alterations !
were made in the bill to the same effcct. f
Mr. SIMMONS then moved the amendment j
which he had submitted yesterday, modified in !
conformity with the above provision, excluding I
the fractional grant. [
[The effect of this amendment is to make it op- !
tional with the soldier whether he will receive a j
certificate for land, or money scrip bearing interest, i
payable semi-annually, and the scrip to be ledeem- j
able at the pleasure of the Government.] j
Mr. HUNTINGTON desired the honorable ;
mover of this proposition to alter his amendment, I
by substituting in place of the money scrip bearing !
interest, which he proposed should be issued to !
the soldier, a money bounty, to be paid at the ex- j
piration of his term of scrvice. He did not feel j
disposed (he said) to authorize the creation of a |
new description of Government stock bearing in- ;
terest, to be issued in small sums, as a bounty to I
soldiers, thus liicieasing the public debt in the form j
of a loan; for that would be the ellect of the amend- '
moot as it now stood. It seemed to him it would '
hardly be cieditable or respectable, on the pait of j
this great nation, to issue stock in sums of $100, j
redeemable at their pleasure, for the purnose of
paying bounties to their soklieis. There was al- !
ready Government paper enough in the market.
They had authorized the issue of $28,000,000 in .
treaauiy notes, and he was not disposed to add to
this ten or twelve millions of dollars in Govern-
ment certificates for small sums of one hundred
dollars each, with interest payable semi-annually,
which would enter into the general circulation as \
a sort of Government paper money which the Gov- !,\
ernment was not compellable to redeem. He would 'i
be quite willing to grant a money bounty to the ''
soldiers, payable at the expiration of their term of
service, bur he was altogether averse to increasing !
the public debt by promising to pay monev with
interest.
Mr. ARCHER, (without risino;.) But the Gov- '
ernment has not got the money to pay these boun- '>
ties. ']
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Then let the Govern- '!
ment impose duties; let them revive those enact- ,i
metifs v/hn'h will give them the money. [j
Mr. SIMMONS said he luid no sort of objec- 'j
tiou to accedc to the proposal of the Senator from !
Connecticut; indeed, he would prefer the provision :j
ior granting a money bounty to be paid at the ex- l!
piration of the term of scrvice, hut he was notcer- '
tarn that it would be so acceptable to the majority
^Senate. The proposition, as it at present
stood, he knew was acceptable, for it had been
once passed upon and approved. With the con-
sent ^Senators on both sides, however, he would
alter his amendment.
Mr. SEVIER, (j„ his seat.) You hud better I
keep it as you have it. Let those who desire to
do so move to alter it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate would be given to withdraw the
amendment, and submit it again in the form sug-
gested by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. SIMMONS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SEVIER then moved that eighty acres be
granted to those who served for one year and one
hundred and bixty to those who served for a longer
period. He perceived that the bill had been amend-
ed so that the bounty was to be given to no one
who had not served for twelve months. He de-
sired that some discrimination should be made be-
tween the different periods of service.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that matter had al-
ready been determined, and the Senator's proposi-
tion was therefore out of order.
Mr. SEVIER said he supposed the proper way
then to accomplish his object would be by moving
a reconsideration of the vote by which the proviso
had been stricken out. He accordingly made that
motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he thought he could
convince the Senate that this motion ought not to
prevail. There were two classes of persons in-
tended to be benefited by these bounties. The
first consisted of those persons who had insisted or
volunteered into the service without any expecta-
tion of receiving a bounty, and to whom the bounty
j would consequently be a gratuity for services hon-
| orably perfoimcd; and the other class consisted of
; those who were yet to be inlisted to serve during
! the war, the termination of which was somewhat
indefinite. [A Senator: That is true.]
Now, why should the Senator desire to make a
distinction between those who had served for
twelve months and those who should engage to
serve during the war? What calculation did the
Senator make in regard to the duration of the war ?
The volunteers had jyerhaps borne the whole brunt
of this contest. Did the Senator suppose that the
troops to be inhsted could render greater or more
meritorious services than those which had been
rendered ? The volunteers had served for the
whole term that was asked of them; they went '
out promptly, making all needful sacrifices, and i
performed most distinguished services—services '
that were equivalent to any that could be rendered •
by the men now to be inhsted. He thought, there-
fore, there ought to be no distinction made in re-
gard to the bounty.
Mr. SEVIER, in reply, said they had got now i
about twenty thousand volunteers in the service, '
who had engaged to serve for one year, or during :
the war, at their option; and he thought it was a '
matter of great moment to the Government to in-
duce these volunteers who had now become well
disciplined, to serve to the end of the war. The
object of his amendment was to offer then) an in-
ducement to continue in the service. Besides, this
was the first time that bounties had ever been pro- ,
posed to be given to volunteers at all. And he would
remind the honorable Senator, that they were hard. I
ly in a condition to give these gratuities to so great j
an extent at this time, when the Government was 1
compelled to borrow a large amount of money. He
was not disposed to swell up the expenses of this
war, though it was a necessary and a righteous
war, for they would be told hereafter—here are the
Auits of your war; you have involved yourselves
in large expenses, and the people must be taxed to ]
pay those expenses. But he was disposed, never-
theless, to give the volunteers eighty acres; and he .
still held, notwithstanding all that had been said, ;
that there was a great difference between a service
for twelve months and a service to the end of this
war—a very great difference. :
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, the Senator from Ar- !
kansas> spoke of volunteers for twelve months, or
during the war, which he seemed to imagine gave
them the option to serve beyond twelve months.
He, however, did not so understand it. His reading i
of it was, twelve months, if the war should so long
continue. The Senator from Arkansas might rest
assured they would be mustered out of the service 1
at the endoftheir twelve months'period of service.
Mr. H. JOHNSON desired to know if the six
months men were embraced. The first troops that
went to the aid of General Taylor were the Louisi- : j
ana volunteers, who served for six months. They ;;
were hastily mustered when General Taylor was in i
imminent danger, and they rendered important ser- j
vices. Some of them, he believed, served again at <
J[ Monterey. However, those who cameso promptly
j1 to the aid of General Taylor, being mustered at
n great personal sacrifices in a few hours, ought at
least to have fifty dollars It would be doing mani-
fest injustice to those troops if they were excluded.
.The motion to reconsider was not agreed to«
Mr. SEVIER then moved to stnkcoutone hun-
dred and sixty from the original amendment, and
insert eighty; and upon this motion he asked the
j! yeas and nays; and they were ordered; and being
!j taken, were: Yeas 17, nays 26.
5 So the motion did not prevail.
i Mr. ATCHISON then moved a proviso, to be
11 added to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
to prevent any land warrants or certificates for land
ii to be given as bounties to the soldiers from being
laid Upon any land to which there should be a pre-
emption right already belonging to another person,
! or upon which an actual settlement had been made,
or which was under cultivation or in the occupancy
ij of any other person.
'i After a few words from Mr. ATCHISON, Mr
;l ALLEN, Mr. CRITTENDEN, Mr. BREESE,
Mr. BENTON, Mr. SIMMONS, and Mr. HAN-
NEGAN—
I The yeas and nays were taken, as follows:
II YEAS—Messrs. Allen, A>hlev, Atchison, Atherton, Bn«-
j| by, Benton, lkeese, Bught, Butler, Cameron, Chalmm,
I>ix, Hannegan, Houston. Johnson of Louisiana, Mu&on,
ji Moreheaci, Nilrd, Peaice, Phelps, Rusk, Sevier, Simmons,
,( Speight, Stnrgeon, Taniey, and Ywlee—27.
,| NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Bartsrer, Berrien, CiMev, Corwin,
;1 Dayton, Huntington, Mangum, Miller, and Webster—10.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, then moved to
amend, by granting eighty acres to those who had
served for six months.
Mr. BAGBY ,«;tid lie had been laboring to keep
' this bounty land system out of this bill, but he
, perceived it iv.is the determination of the Senate to
| attach it; he therefore favored the proposition now
offered by the Senator from Louisiana.
i Upon this proposition to amend, the yeas and
nays were ordered, as follows:
YEAS—Me^srx. Atherton, Bas;l>y, Benton, Berrien, But-
ler, Calhoun, Cameron, Clialnier-, Cur ju, Dr\. an,
1 Houston, Johnson of Louisiana. Morehead, tin-k, Simmons
i ami Westcott—17.
NAYS—Me;
John M. Clavtoi
Arclier, Ashley, Bad er, Bright, Cilley,
John M. Clavton, Crittenden, Davis, Dajton, Maimim, Ma-
son, Miller, Pearce, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Uyhum, and
Yulee—18.
Mr. BENTON sent to the Chair an amendment
which he proposed to offer, and moved that the
bill and amendments be printed, and that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn. [Cries of " No, no, no."]
The latter motion he was -willing; to waive in case
an executive session were desired.
The motion to punt was agreed to.
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BREESE moved an adjournment.
The motion was negatived—7 to 32.
Mr. CORWIN moved a reconsideration of the
motion to print, which was agreed to—23 ayes,
12 noes.
The question then recurred on the motion to
pi int.
Mr. MANGUM inquired if the motion to print
could be entertained at this stage of the proceed-
ings ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not without
iirst disposing of the bill itself by motion to post-
pone or otherwise.
Mr. SIMMONS then renewed his motion to
amend by giving to the soldier the option to re-
ceive the land bounty as proposed or one hundred
i dollais, to be paid at the expiration of his term of
: service.
Mr. SEVIER said this would give to the sol-
diers the right to receive one hundred dollars each.
We had now at least fifteen thousand, and how
many more we could not tell.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said we should have to
pay live millions of dollars, and we were now only
living from hand to mouth. He thought it better
to give land, for we have land, but we have not
money.
Mr. SIMMONS said he had been induced by-
many Senators to change the form of his amend-
ment, so as to give the soldiers this money, but
he now withdrew it, and renewed it in its original
shape.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was still opposed to it,
for by the amendment, in its present shape, we
were to creatc a national debt of five millions, or
