1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
perhaps twice that amount. They were in a pretty
condition to pay money bounties, when they could
do nothing but create a miserable little stock at six
per cent, per annum, which would give six dollars
per annum, or three dollars every six months,
to support the destitute families of the soldiers.
They had millions and millions of land which
they could give, but it was now proposed to give
scrip when the Government was borrowing from
day to day.
Mr. SIMMONS said, the Senator from Ken-
tucky seemed to consider this would be an oner-
ous burden on the treasury; but if he were to be
called upon for a system of finance, he would
adopt this course with the view of preventing a
depression of the public lands as a means of rev-
enue. What would become of the public lands as
a source of revenue when they had all these sol-
diers hawking their bounty lands about? Why
the Government would not sell an acre of land for
years, and the soldiers would sell theirs at such a
depreciation that the price of the Government land
would be seriously affected also. The Senator
from Kentucky asked what this money bounty
would be to the soldiers.-' To this he replied, that
it would be one hundred dollars more than he
would have without it. He might ask that Sena-
tor what the soldier would realize by his certifi-
cate for one hundred and sixty acres of land?
Why he would sell it for twenty dollars, if he
could get no more. It would, then, be better for the
soldier and better for the Government to adopt his
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was further opposed to
this amendment, on the ground that it was creating
a paper currency with locomotive speed. On one
day they had created a currency to the amount of
twenty-eight millions of dollars, by issuing their
paper promises, and now they were to issue a
promise to give a promissory note at some future
day. This was a state of currency such as this
country never saw before, and it would be followed
by a relapse as calamitous as that which followed
a preceding period of delusive abundance. He re-
peated they had better pay these bounties in some
other way. Wc have land and not money, and
therefore they ought not to give promises which
would create such a paper system as no man would
see the end of.
Mr. SIMMONS said the only way to make such
paper form part of the circulation was to put it
without interest. He did not apprehend the diffi-
culties which the Senator from Kentucky im-
agined.
"Mr. CRITTENDEN said he had only voted
for the twenty-eight millions because they were
informed it was absolutely necessary, but he saw
no such necessity in this case.
Mr. HANNEGrAN thought the amendment was
liable to the objections which the Senator from
Kentucky had uiged against it; but he had been
unable to realize the objections of the distinguished
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] to the land
bounties; on the contrary, he thought it the best
policy for this Government to pursue. It had been
the policy of all nations that possessed public lands
to give them to the soldier on his return from the
wars.
Mr. NILES thought this proposition was an im-
portant one, both as to the volunteer and to the
national treasury. As to the soldier, it could do
no harm to give him the alternative, and they
would thus fix a standard value of the public lands
below which they could not sink, and thus some-
thing substantial would be given to the soldier.
During the last war the military land warrants set
off a particular section of land, which, therefoie,
was of very little value to the soldier; but that was
riot now proposed. The proposition would give
land scrip for land subject to private entry; it
therefore became a currency which would be re-
ceivable at the land offices, and it would thus be
money to the soldier. This plan, it had been said,
would keep money out of the treasury. Well,
what was the difference between taking money out
of the treasury and preventing money coming in ?
In both cases it was a money bounty. But if land
certificates only were given to the soldier, they
would be sold for forty or fifty dollars each, and
while that would be all the soldier would realize,
they would be held against the Government at their
full value. But this amendment would be benefi-
cial to the soldier and a saving to the treasury, and
he should therefore vote for it.
Mr. BUTLER also preferred the amendemnt,
and said he should give, it his vote.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the
amendment, and they were as follows:
YEAS—Mp-vrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, TJaghy, Ronton,
Breese, Bright, Butler, Ca^, Chalmers, Dix, Johnson of
Louisiana, Lewis, Mason, Niles, Rusk, Sevier, Simmons,
Speight, Tuuicy, and Yulee—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrien. Calhoun, Cam-
eron, Cilley, John M. Clayton, Oorwin, Crittenden, Davis,
Dayton, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnagin, M'ingum, Miller,
Morehead, Pearce, Upham, and YVestcott—20.
Mr. BENTON then moved to strike out the
words "legal representatives," wherever those
words occurred, and insert " heirs at law."
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were taken,
and were: Yeas 21, nays 38.
Mr. RUSK then moved the amendment which
he had offered on a former day, to give money
scrip, redeemable in ten years with interest, in lieu
of a land bounty. j
This was disagreed to: Yeas 14, nays 26. i
The question was then put on concurring in the :
amendment as amended, and it was carricd.
Mr. JARNAGIN then proposed further to amend
the bill by adding a section providing for transport-
ing the sick and wounded soldiers to their homes
at the public expense.
But, objection being made to the. attachment of
the amendment to this bill, Mr. JARNAGIN \v itli-
drew it with the intention of oilerins; it as an amend-
ment to the army appropriation bill when that bill
should come up.
Mr. BENTON then moved to amend the bill by
adding a section to the following effcct:
"That it .-hall and nwiy be lawful for the Pi evident, by and
with the advice and consent of the Seriate, to appoint from
the officers of the army four quartermaster* of the rank of
major, and ten asM*tant quartermasters ot the rank of cap-
tain, and one regimental quartermaster, to each regiment;
but the said regimental quartermasters mav bo appointed by
the President alone in the recess of the Senate." ,
The amendment was agreed to. !
The question being on ordering the amendments
to be engrossed, and"the bill read a third time-
Mr. HOUSTON said he did not feel disposed to
abandon the amendment winch he had heretofore
offered in committee. He would now submit that
amendment, and then move that the Senateadjourn,
so that there might he. an opportunity to consider
this amendment.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that the bill might be
: engrossed, and the Senator from Texas could ac-
| complish his object by moving at its third reading
I for the recommitment of the bill, with a view to
j its beinsr so amended.
I Mr. HOUSTON acquiesced in this course,
i And the yeas and nays were then taken on or-
! dering the amendments to the bill to be engrossed
| and read a third time, and are as follows:
| YEAS Messrs. Allen, Archer, A -lilf.i', Atfbison, Atlier-
lon Badner. Ba bv, Berrien, Brei-se, Bright, Butler,Calhoun,
Cameron, CassT Chalmers, John M. Clinton, Dayton, Dix,
Jama-in,Jolu^on of Louisiana, Lcwit, Minimum, Mn-nn,
Miller, Moreliead, Niles, Rusk. Sevier, Simmons, Speight,
Turnev, Upham, an'i Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Cllley, Corwin, and Davis—3.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after a shoit time thus engaged, the doors
were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
I HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
| Saturday, January 30, 1847. j
■ The Journal of yesterday having been read and ,
' approved, :
, Mr. McCLELLAND asked leave to piesent |
certain joint resolutions. ,
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, asked leave to oiler
' a resolution. _ ]
Objections were made in both cases. j
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi- ■
ness to be the motion of the gentleman from :
nessee, [Mr. Cooke,] pending at the time of ad-
ioummcnt yesterday, to suspend the lules for the
purpose of enabling him to offer the following joint
resolutions:
, Rawh-a? unaiiimomhi % the Senate ami Home of Jtwe-
tentative* in Oonifress aisemblei, itrat Jll(; "f n -
■ me^s are due, and are Hereby piesent.'d, tn Major Genera
1 Zaeliaiy Taylor, and through Inm to thp brave ofliccrs and
Sid,ers both of the regular army and ot the volunteers un-
, der his command, for their oourase, skill, for itude, and ,
good conduct in .to,mine the city ot Monte.oj- defended as
! it was bv a fo.ee more than double their number, and pin-
i teeted bvtlie strongest foi tifleations, whie.i resulted in a I
most brilliant victory to our army, and reflected Imperish-
able honor upon our ai ms.
Resolved. That the President be requested to cause to be
struck a gold medal, with devices emblematic of the splen-
did achievement, and presented to General Taylor, as a
testimony of the high sense entertained by Congress of his
judicious and distinguished conduct on that memorable
ocea&wn.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
reqested to cause the forgowgresolutions to be communica-
ted to General Taylor, and through him to the army under
his command.
On which motion the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. PAYNE inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order for him to move to refer the res-
olutions to the Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER said the resolutions had notyet
been received.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired of the Speaker
whether it would be in order to move a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. It is in order. Does the
gentleman make that motion?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do.
And the question having been taken, the House
decidcd that there should be a call of the House.
And the roll having been called, 162 members
answered to their names.
An ineffectual motion was made to suspend all
fuither proceedings on the call.
; And the names of the absentees having; been call-
' ed, 176 members appeared to be present.
'< Mr. ROBERTS moved that all further proceed-
ings on the call be dispensed with; which motion
I having been decided in the affirmative,
All further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed with.
And the question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Cocke to suspend the rules—
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS— Me^sip. Stephen Adams-, Ashniun, Burringer,
Bedmger, Bell, Bnigs, James A. Black, Bowdon, Boyd, Brod-
bead. Milton Brown, William ( . Brown, Buflington, Burt,
William \V. Campbell, Cathcnrt, K. Chapman, Cobb, Coek«,
(Jollamei, Collin, CoUiell, Cran-ton, Cullom, < 'ulver, Dan-
iel, Gairett Davi*, DcUtm,Dc Mott. noefccry,Dunlap,Ellett,
F.rdinan, John H. Ewmir, Edwin II. Ewum, i-'aran, Fieklm,
Po->tei, Pne>, Gentr\. G'dding^, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham, Grider, Gunnel!, Hale. Hampton, Haiper, Hastings,
1 Henley, Milliard, lloge. Ehas B. Holmes, Hnucii, John W.
■ Houston, Geo. r?. Houston, Runseti'ord, Washington Hunt,
! J. B. Hunt, Hunter, Joseph K, ln«ci\soll, James H. Johnsou,
' George W7.,Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Daniel P. King,
S Thomas B7 Kine, Leake, Leffier, Leib, Lewis, Ligun, .Long,
i Lumpkin, McCle.xn, MeCtellaiid, MeClernand, James Mc-
, Dowell, McGaughev, MeHeniv, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Barkley
Mailiu, Miller, Moselev, Moulton, Pavne, Periill, Perry,
' Phelps. Piilsbmv, Pollock, Ramsey, Reid, Ripley, Rittei,
' Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk,
| Sawtelle, Scainnion, Sehenek, Severance, Alexander D.
! Sim*, Leonard H. Kims, ^nnp^on, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
phen?, Stewart, Stiohm, Thibodiiux/J'honiast-on, Benjamin
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Tiumbo, Vance,
Vinton, Wentwoith, White, Wick, Williams, Wilmot,
Wmthiop, Woodward, Woodworth, and Yonnc—136.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, James Black, Bovvfin,
Drom^oole, Grovor, Hamlin, Hannanson, Hopkins, Charles
J. Inser&oll, Andrew Johnson, Kennedy, Lawienee, La Sere,
MeDaniel, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, Morse, Noiris, Par-
ish, Rathbun, Relfe, Sawyer, Seddon, Robert Smith, Tred-
way, and Wheaton—28.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
And the joint resolutions, being thus before the
Hou«e, were read a first and second time.
Mr. FARAN ofieivd the following: amendment,
to come in at the end of the first resolution:
Add the following wo>ds: " Bnaswd as it was and still
; is in a war commenced and forced upon u^ by Me\ico, and
| continued by u* in delenee of the honor and in vindication
I of tlte ju-t r'iuln- of the L'nited States, availed as both had
j been h'v repeated and flagrant acts on the part of Mexico,
i of niMilt^. outran, and, final!}', of invasion of one of the
j States of this Union.'"
| And Mr. F. demanded the previous question.
. Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired to offer an
j amondmotit to Mr. !,!ara\"'s amendment.
| The SPEAKER decided Mr.TitoMi'soN's amend-
i ment out of order, as the previous question had
been called.
! Mr. Jacob Thompson's amendment was then
, read at the Clerk's table, as follows:
! <f ProvM, That nothing herein contained *Imll be con-
' ^tiued into an approbation of the teinn* ol the capitulation
ol'Montetpy."
! Mr. FARAN then accepted Mr. Thompson's
: proviso as a part of his amendment.
i The previous question was seconded, and the
' main question ordered to be put. _
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired of the Chair if the
