296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. BO,
resolution could not be divided, and the vote taken
separately on each.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution
could not be divided.
Mr. BRODHEAD appealed from this decision.
The question was stated, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
It was decided in the affirmative, and the de-
cision of the Chair sustained.
Mr. COCKE desired to know if it was in order
for the members of this House to vote for this
resolution as nowamended—thus trifling and sport-
ing with our brave and gallant officers and soldiers,
and rendering the House perfectly lidiculous in
the eyes of the country.
After sundry other points of order had been
made and overruled by the Chair—
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to lay the reso-
lution and amendment on the table.; which motion
was decided by yeas and nay*: Yeas 10, nays 164.
The question recuired on agieemg to the amend- ,
men t of Mr. Faran.
Mr. LEAKE inquired of the Chair if, by gen- !
eral consent, the proviso to Mr. Faran's amend- !
ment could not be amended by inserting after the ,
word " approbation" the words "or disapproba-
tion.
Many objections being made—
The SPEAKER decided it could not be done.
The vote on the amendment was then taken by
yeas and nays, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Atkinson, Bednisrer, Benton, Bisgs?, Jas.
Black, James A- Black, Bowdou. Bowhu, Bo\ d. Brmlccrhoir.
Brodhead, William G. Blown, Cathcatt, Au2u>tu< A. Chap
man, Reuben Chapman, Gobi), Collin, Coitieil, Cnliom,
Cummin*, Danni, D■: Moff, Ddmishnm, JVmylaj-s, Diom- ,
jiooic, Dunlap. E'i-all, EMotf, ElMvoith. Euhoun, Faian, '
Fickhn, Fo.-ter, Fne<, Garvin, Giles, Gno<i\e.n, Goidon,
Grover, Hamlin, H.uman^on, ilonJ ?v. Ilo^f, IIip-
kms, G« orgc S. liourton, Iliin^crf'jid, 1J. rfunt, (; J.
Ingvrsoll, Jenkins, Janice II."Johnson, Andiew Johni-on, 1
G. W. Joiif1-;, Seaborn Jones, Kauiman, Kennedy, Law-
rence, Leake, Lctfier, Leib, La Sere, Lijjoii, Lumpkin,
McClean, McClelland, JleCleimmd, MeDnnirl, Joseph J.
McDowell, McKay, John P. Ma,tin, Barklev Martin. Mor-
ris, Morse, Moulton. Norris, Parish, P.nne. Perrill, Peiry,
Phelps, Pilisbury, Uathbtin, Reul, liittri, 1'obertV,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scaimnon, Al xandor D. Suns, ,
Leonard II. Suns, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, 1
►Starkweatner, St. John, Strong. J\co!> Thompson, Thur-
man, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wcntwoith, Wliraton, Wick, i
Williams, Wihnot, Wood, Wooduorth, and Yot—110.
NAYS—Messr?. S. Adams, A-lmnin. l>airm<rei\ 13a\lv, ,
Bell, Milton Brown, Buffington. Bin t. William W. Campbell, !
Jolm G Chapman, Cnek'\ Collaiwr, Cian>«ton, Culvei,G. :
Davis, Delano, Doekery, John H. E\vnn , Edwin H. Hwinjr, '
Gentry, Gratiain, Gndcr, GnnnHI. Hale." Hampton, Harper,
Milliard, Elms B. Ilohric^, John W. Houston, S-umiel J>.
Ilubbard, Hudson, Wa^unuton Hunt. Jov ph R Imjei-oll, ;
Daniel P. Kins', Thoma.- B. Kins. Lewi-, Lon<r, McGanshev,
Melionry, Mcllvanto, Mai-h." Miller,' >Io-el"v, Pollock,
Jlam<cv, Rlvtf, Kfploy, Julni-s Rockwell, John A. Rockwall,
Runk, Sehenck, ^evvnuicc. Tmaiari Hnnfh. A'brit Smith,
Caleb B. Smith. Stephen, Srcwait, SToh.ii, Thibodaux:,
Tliomwon. B.-njatnm Tuomp-on. Toonib.-, Tildon, Trmn-
bo, Vance, Vinton, White, Wintlirop, Woodwanl, and
Youn?—70.
Mr. SCHENCK observing that the amendment
which had just been adopted was attached to the
first of the three original lexolutions, and now
constituted a part of it, moved that the question
be taken on the resolution separately.
The CIIAIR ruled that the question on engross-
ment could not be divided. Not a case could be ;
produced where such a decision had been made.
Mr. GENTRY said that, believing that the
adoption of the resolution, in its present form, .
would be an insult rather than a compliment to ;
General Taylor, he would move to lay the resolu- :
tion on the table.
The CHAIR decided the motion out of order.
Mr. DItOMGOOLE suggested that the resolu- j
tion had better be rctened to a select committee,
in order to be put in such a form as to command
the unanimous vote of the, House.
Mr. SEABORN JONES asked thai the several
resolutions might be voted on separately.
The CM AIR decided that it could not bo done.
Mr. WJNTHROP said he understood the gen- '
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] to move
that the resolution be laid upon the table, and that :
the Speaker had decided the motion out of order. '
The SPEAKER said he had so decided, as the ,
motion to lay had been made and rejected since the '
previous question had been seconded. !
Mr. WINTHROP said a vote had been taken !
on agreeing to the amendment since the motion to
lay upon the table had been decided, and he pre- '
sumed that the motion of Air. Gcn'try was in j
order. j
1 lie vote was then taken by yeas and nays on j
ordering the resolutions to be engrossed and read
a third time, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adam*, Anderson, Atkinson?
Baylv, Bedinser, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A.
Black, Bovvdon, Bowlin, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chip-
man, Cobb. Collin, Cullom, Daniel, Do Mott, Douglass,
Dsomfjonle, Dunlap, ErKill. Eilctt, Ellswoith, Erdman, Fh-
lan, Foster,Fries,Gai vin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover,
Hamlin, TIarmanson, Fla^tinas. Henlev, Hose, Hopkins,
Hough, Gcoise S. Houston, Edmund W. Ilubard, Hunser-
ford. James B. Hunt. Jenkins, Jame« II. Johnson, Andrew
John-on George W. J? nc^, Seaborn Jones. Kaufman, Ken-
nedy, Lawrence, Leake, Lefiler, Lcih, La Sere, Ligon,
Lumpkin, McCiean, MeCJelland, McClernand, McDamel,
.T->-:eph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
M'litm, Barklev Martin, Morti«, IVToi-se, Moulton, JVorri"*,
Pavne, Perrv, Pllisbuiy, Rnthhun, Re d, fielte, Rittei. Kob-
eit-*, Rn^seli, Sawfelk', Sawyei, Scammon, Alexander D.
Sun-, Leuinrd II. Sim-, Thoma- Smith, Robt. Smith, Stan-
ton. Stnrk\vo;«thei, St. John, Sfiomr. Jnmec Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tlmrmun, ri'ibbaTt«, TredwMy, Wcnt-
woith, VVncaton, Wick, Williaiurf, Wilmot, and Wood-
worth—10 >.
\"\YS—Messr4?. A«hmun, Barrm^r, Bell, Brinkerhof!',
Milton Brown. Buffinston, Burt, J. H. Campbell, John G.
<,hapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Culver, Garrett Da-
vi-, Delano, Dockerv, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewt'ns,
Gentiy, Giddin^, GiahJim, Gndei, Grmncll, Hale, Harper,
Hillinrd, E. B. Holmes, J, W. Houston, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Inger^oll, Jo-
seph R. TnueiMill, Daniel P. King, T. Butler King, Lewi^,
Lonj?, McGaughev, McIJeniv, Mcrivauie, Marsh, Mo<cdc5r,
Ramsev. Rhett, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Sf'henek, Sevc-ance, Truman Smith, C. B. Smith, Stephens,
Stroimi,Thibodaux, Benj.onin Thompson,Tilden,Toombs,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop, "Woodward, and
Young—54.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Reing engrossed, it w;as accordingly read a third
time.
Mr. TOSEPH J. McDOWELL moved tlie pre-
viotis quest'on.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether the word
" unanimously5' was not in the lesolution ? The
voto certainly had not thus far been unanimous,
and probably would not be so. Could not that
word be omitted by general consent?
Objections being made—
Air. GRAHAM stated that he was in favor of
the original resolutions; but now, as they stood
amended, ho considered the last part of the last
amendment as containing a direct censure upon Gen-
eral Taylor. He was opposed to censuring him,
and therefore he moved to lay the resolutions, ns
now amended, on the table.
The motion was lost.
Mr. STEPHENS asked if the question on the
resolutions could not now be divided, and a sepa-
rate vote taken on each of the resolutions?
The SPEAKER decided it could not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, viz: Shall the res-
olution pass 5
The question was decided by yeas and nays, as
follower Yeas 103, nays 6*?.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. EARAN moved to reconsider the vote pass-
ing the tesolution. R.ejectcd.
The title to the resolution was then read, viz:
"A joint resolution of thanks to General Taylor,
his officers and men, for storming the city of Mon-
terey;" when—
Mr. COCKE moved to amend the same by
substituting the word " censure1' for the word
11 thanks."
The question on the amendment was decided by
yens and nav«J, as follows: Yeas 1, nays 117; but
before the result was announced by the Speaker—
Mr. HOPKINS inquired of the Chair whether
the rules of the House did not require every mem-
ber within the bar when the question was put to
the Hotise, to vote on one side or the other?
The CHAIR replied that the gentleman was
aware thnt there was such a rule.
Mr. HOPKINS said that he was; and he here
stated to the Chair that Mr. Cooke, who had
moved the pending amendment to the title of the
joint resolution, had been himself within the bar,
and had not voted on it.
The CHAIR replied that though there was such
a rule, it could not be applied to any member, be-
cause there was no means to enforce it.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS the rule was read,
and there the matter stopned.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked leave to offer
a resolution.
Objections being made—
Mr. THOMPSON asked that the resolution
might be read.
The objection being persisted in—
Mr. THOMPSON moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer the resolution.
The resolution was then read as follows:
Resolved^ That the President be requested to
communicate to the House of Representatives all
the correspondence with General Taylor since the
commencement of hostilities with Mexico which
has not yet been published, and the publication of
which may not be deemed detrimental to the pub-
lic service. Also, the correspondence of the quar-
termaster general in relation to transportation for
General Taylor's army. Also, the reports of
Brigadier Generals Hamer and Quitman of the
operations of their respective brigades on the 21st
of September last.
The motion to suspend the rule for the reception
of the resolution was decided by yeas and nays as
follows: Yeas 144, nays 29.
The rules bem^ suspended, the resolution was
recei v ed.
Mr. STEPHENS suggested to Mr. Thompson
to modify his resolution so as to embrace " all the
correspondence between the War Department and
General Taylor."
Mr. ASIIMUN said that the resolution, as it
stood, called, as he understood it, only for the let-
ters of General Taylor himself, not those of the
department to him; and for those only in respect
to the matter of transportation.
[Voice: "Not at all; that is not the resolution."]
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the res-
olution, and it was read again.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON here rose to order,
and said that at the time he offered the resolution
he had moved the previous question upon it, hut
the lesolution could not then be consideied. The
resolution was now under consideration. Did not
his former demand for the previous question still
apply to it5
The CHAfR replied m the negative.
From this decision Mr. THOMPSON took an
appeal.
The CHAIR stated the ground of his decision
to be, that a motion had been made by the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] since the demand
for the previous question, and before any action
upon the demand.
After remarks on the question of order by Mes'-
srs. HOUSTON, of Alabama, and SCHENCK—■
The question was put on the appeal, when the
decision of the Chair was sustained, yeas 132.
Mr. ASHMUN resumed. He said this resolu-
tion was part and parcel of a course of proceedings
commenced by the Department and its friends in
that House against General Taylor. The policy
seemed to be to suppiess all discussion; to get a
partial, onc-sidcd statement of facts; to let the
organ in the mean while go on with its misrepre-
sentations, and instantly to put the gag on one side
of the House. In this way General Taylor was
to be put down. We had had a sample of what
was to come in the organ here this morning. An
order, published by authority, intended obviously
to censure him—an old rule, antiquated, obsolete,
and almost forgotten, had been disinteried and
paraded once more, with the odor of the grave
still about it, that it might be made to apply to
General Taylor. Even from the very origin of
the war, General Taylor being entitled by hid
brevet rank to the command of the \va *, 'there
were numerous indistinct, mysterious givmgs-out
in the various Administration papers, to the effect
that, if the war should prove disastrous, the re-
sponsibility would not rest with the Administra-
tion, but with the commanding general. Before
the news was received of any of those victories
which had since so brightly illustrated his name,
the.se insinuations were conveyed; so that, if Tay-
lor should happen to make any indiscreet movement
which should have an unfortunate result upon our
arms, the public mind might be thus prepared for
a future sacrifice of the old soldier to the purposes
of the President and the party. But the gallantry
he had displayed at Palo Alto and at Resaca, and
since then the triumph at Monterey, in brighten-
ing succession, had so burst on the exulting grati-
tude of the whole nation, that, for a time, the plan
was annihilated. This glorious result had com-
pletely confounded the incipient determination of
the Administration to sacrifice him. But the snake,
though scotched, was not killed; and, from that
day to this, the same spirit was from time to time
manifested, both in the debates on that floor, and
