298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
the President in this grand stroke of policy? Mr,
A. desired to know, and he expected to get them
from the instructions to the secret emissary. The
President said in his message that he could not
have prevented Santa Ana's return, had he even
desired to do so; and a distinguished jurist from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had told the House the same
thing, because Santa Ana had returned in a British
armed vessel, and neutral vessels of war were not
included in a blockade. Now in the first place,
the honorable and learned gentleman was mistaken
in point of-fact; for Santa Ana had not returned
in a British armed ship, but in a private steamer,
chartered for the purpose from a British merchant.
She was not an armed vessel or a national vessel
in any sense; and if she had been, it was the first
time Mr. A. had heard that neutrals might break ;
a blockade so far as to carry military officers and '
soldiers into the country blockaded. The doctrine j
was entirely new to him that a neutral might take
substantial "aid and comfort" to our enemy, in ;
the shape of a general and sixty officers. j
Mr. BAYLY now inquired of Mr. A. what he ;
had said in relation to the position formerly taken i
by him in regeud to Santa Ana's return. ;
Mr. ASHMUN repeated what he had just said.
Mr. BAYLY said the position he had taken was
this: that neutral national armed vessels were not
excluded by a blockade; and that it was impossible
to prevent Santa Ana's return in such a one in
disguise.
Mr. ASHMUN. " In dkguise?"
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, m disguise.
Mr. ASHMUN said he never had had such an
idea as that Santa Ana returned to Mexico in dis-
guise. It was certainly the first time Mr. A. had
heard such a thing breathed by any one.
Mr. BAYLY said he had not affirmed that Santa
Ana did return in disguise, but that he might so
have returned. 1
Mr. ASHMUN. "He might9'' have returned j
ui disguise. Yes, no doubt; and so he might have ■
swam, under water, too, if he could have held his !
breath so long. But the probability of his sneak-
ing in in disguise, on board a British national ves-
sel, had nothing in the world to do with the actual
fact that he had returned, undisguised, and with-
out a thought of disguise, on board a private vessel
owned by a merchant, and hired from him, and
that an official order had been given to let him pass.
There was no perverting or getting rid of the fact.
There it stood. The President of the United States
had sent to Mexico the most distinguished general
Mexico ever had, and one who, by tiie President's
own showing, had been the original cause of all
tiie wrongs, and outrages, and spoliations, and
murders which figured so largely in the President's
message: and one who was now rousing and arm-
ing and concentrating the Mexican population as
one man to resist our "most just and righteous
"war."
After a fact like this, it looked well, indeed, in
the Administration to charge General Taylor with
blunders find inefficiency! A worthy quarter for
'such a charge to come from ! Surely after such a
blunder as that the mouth of our President should
have been sealed m the silence of death, when he
thought of charging a veteran like Taylor with
blundering in conducting the war. Could it be
believed that the Mexicans could ever have been
thus roused, and thus united and concentrated by
any other spirit than that of Santa Ana? Nobody
supposes it. And who furnished them with Santa
Ana? And who was it that wanted, after placing
this able general at the head of their armies, to
give him two millions of dollars ? Supposing he
had got the money, what would he have done with
it? Tricked the astute Administration just as he
had done already, only to a little livelier tune.
Mr. A. had no idea of charging Mr. Polk with
intending, by the order he gave, to aid and comfort
Mexico. It was weakness on his part. It was
excessive confidence in a man notorious to the
whole world for his utter perfidy and want of all
principle. Yet, the President had" done it. He had
given Alexico the most efficient aid and the greatest
comfort she had ever received. Mr. Polk had, in
fact, appointed a lieutenant general for Mexico,
and now, to equalize the matter, he wanted to ap-
point another for the United States.
Mr. A. should like to know the secret history of
that baseness; he should like to know what thattwo
millions of dollars had been wanted for; whether
it was not to enable Santa Ana to purchase up his
officers, and to enable us to purchase California?
Whatever might have been the object, one thing
was certain: admitted he had been, and that by
order of the President of the United States; and
since his arrival he had awakened all Mexico, and
contrived to concentrate such a body of troops at
San Luis Potosi as to oblige the President to ask
for more men and more millions with which to
fight him. Who, then, after all, had done most to
"aid and comfort" the enemy? The very man
who seemed now disposed to be so harsh with our
own general.
There were some other matters which Mr. A.
would like much to discuss, did tke time admit of
it. Last May the President had sent to Congress
a volume of despatches containing matter sufficient
to induce it to pass the bill recognising the exist-
ence of the war, and making provision to prosecute
it. Well, the House passed the bill. The Presi-
denthad not asked the House to declare war against
Mexico on the ground of all her injuries to our
citizens, but only to say that the war existed.
But the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Jacob
Thompson] himself offered a resolution declaring
war against Mexico on that ground. His course
was a bold and a manly one, (as his course here
had always been,) and yet his proposition could get
but forty votes in its favor; and yet it was now
said, with an effrontery unsurpassed on any occa-
sion, that Congress had declared the war, and on
the grounds of Mexican wrongs on our citizens.
Did not the House expressly refuse to do this? It
did; and yet now it was said the House had de-
clared war. It was false; the Administration would
not venture to declare war.
The debate was further continued by—
Mr. DOUGLASS, who replied to Mr. Ashmun,
repelled the charge of conspiracy to injure General
Taylor, referred to the many honors and proofs of
confidence conferred on him by the President, and
justified the amendment to the vote of thanks, in-
asmuch as it was a greater honor to thank Gen-
eral Taylor for his gallantry in a just war than m
an expedition for plunder. That would have de-
graded him into a pirate and a bandit. As to the
capitulation at Monterey, the Administration had
forborne to express a judgment, but had charitably
presumed there were sufficient reasons for it. But,
as the House had no official knowledge of what
those reasons were, it was unwilling to commit
itself in a matter of which it knew nothing.
• [Mr. Douglass's speech will appear in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he had not
risen for the purpo.se of replying to the several
propositions taken by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Ashmun.] That task had been
already performed by his friend from Illinois,
[Mr. iDouoLAbs,] in a most masterly and satis-
factory manner. Naught remained to him but to
animadvert upon those remarks which pertained
more especially to the resolutions nndpr considera-
tion, and to his agency and motives in bringing
them forward; and as lie intended, before he con-
cluded, to move the previous question, he would
endeavor to avoid the introduction of any new or
extraneous matter, but strictly confine himself to
the resolutions and to the points made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun.]
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL here interrupted, and
said, as the gentleman from Mississippi has given
notice of his intention to move the previous ques-
tion, he desired to ask him the reasons and the
necessity for the publication of the correspondence
of a general in the field, with the department?
Mr. THOMPSON said, in reply, that those
reasons and that necessity he would endeavor to
set forth in a few words. But lately General Scott
has been ordered to Mexico to take the command
of the American army, to control its movements,
and, of course, to supersede General Taylor, who
has heretofore held the supreme command. This
order was based, he supposed, upon sufficient
reasons, and he supposed those reasons were fur-
nished in the correspondence in the War Depart-
ment, and, if not detrimental to the public service,
he wanted to see it, so as to be enabled to form his
own opinions; and, it seemed to him, every friend
of General Taylor should be eager and anxious to
have it spread before the public. There surely
can be no object in keeping it back, and leave
everything to surmises. Again: a few days since,
the President recommended the passage of a law
authorizing him to appoint a lieutenant general to
take command of our army. On that proposition
a debate arose, in which he had participated.
Then, and day after day since, the Administration
had been charged with weakness—with ineffi-
ciency. The President was accused of not furnish-
ing the means for the prosecution of the war; and
General Jesup, who had done some service for the
State, and on whom devolved the duty of providing
the transportation, and at whose door the whole
responsibility of this inefficiency rested, deserved
to be heard. In the debate in which he had parti-
cipated, statements had been made roundly and
broadly, and perhaps on both sides, without suffi-
cient authentic data, and it was due to those who
had made the statements that this correspondence
should be laid before the House, so that all might
act advisedly, and vote with a proper understand-
ing. This matter was up; and it could not be sup-
pressed. An opinion was to be formed, and it was
due to all to have everything which will aid the
formation of a correct opinion. This was impera-
tively demanded by the very circumstances which
now presented themselves. In addition to this,
the military committees of the Senate and of the
House had been called in, and had seen the whole
correspondence of all these high functionaries.
The reports which have been circulated varied
materially, and no one not in the secrets knew
which to"credit. He wished-to know what right
that committee had to see that correspondence
when it was denied to the other members of Con-
gress. Each one had the same responsibilities as
the members of those committees; and they were
not constituted the thinking organs of this House.
Here is a reason which he thought imperative,
especially if the information may not be viewed as
detrimental to the public service. [Here Mr. T.
gave way to Mr. AVoopward, of South Carolina,
understanding that he wished to suggest an amend-
ment of the resolution.]
Mr. WOODWARD said, he ought to state in
candor, that he not only intended to suggest an
amendment, but also to premise the reasons that
prompted him. The information sought was not
meant to be made the ground of any action by the
House. The sole object was to bring the conduct
of General Taylor before the country. Now, lie
(Mr. W.> submitted, that as no reference was had
to measures affecting the public interest, but the
good conduct of an individual was the only thing
at issue, the whole of the evidence should be
brought out, or else none at all. It might be that
that portion of the correspondence with which
General Taylor might be able to defend himself,
would turn out to be that identical pouion which
the public interest required to be withheld fiom the
House.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed. Pie did not wish
anything published which might be considered
detrimental to the public service, and he would not
call for any such information. But the Whig par-
ty, and his friend from South Carolina, would not
have any because they could not get all. This, in
his estimation, was a most unjustifiable pretext for
their action. No man is the accuser of General
Taylor, and it is idle for the Whig party to en-
deavor to interpret everything said here in regard
to General Taylor as an attack upon Ins character.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ash-
mun,] whom he regarded as the Whig leader on
this subject, stated that he (Mr. T.) had reflected
upon General Taylor in his remarks a few days
since, and this was but following up that attack.
Mr. T. said he did express the opinion, and enter-
tained it still, that General Taylor was not the
man for the supreme command of our armies in
Mexico. But it would be a strange perversion of
things to construe this opinion into an attack. He
had done him the amplest justice as a soldier, as
a fighting man; acting in obedience to orders he
had no fear he would do his duty. Heaven knows
that he entertained not one unkind feeling or
thought towaids General Taylor. For his virtues
he honored him; but that did not imply he pos-
sessed every virtue and all ability; and when this
correspondence comes in, if he found in aught he
had wronged him, he would cheerfully correct it.
His object, m all he had said and done, was the
good of the country, and the furtherance of its
cause. But why are the Whigs constantly raising
the cry of an attack on General Taylor? And
why are they taking him under their peculiar
o-uardianship ? He is but a public servant; and his
acts are open to our scrutiny. The Administra-
