300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
in our navy, the, expenses of repairs much exceed
those of construction. Why, then, should we es-
tablish navy-yards for the purpose of construction
alone, leaving out of view altogether the object of
repairs? The memorial which he (Mr. A.) pre-
sented imbodied a memorial which was presented
to Congress in 1827. Of that memorial he would
state, that it was prepared by a committee com-
posed of three gentlemen who had heretofore been
members of this body—the Hon. John P. Parrott,
the Hon. Jeremiah Mason, and the Hon. Clement
Storer, The public meeting holden in October
last, which originated the memorial now presented,
contained on the records of its proceedings the
names of many gentlemen respected in private and
honored in public life. And the memorial imbodi-
ed in its signatures an amount of intelligence and
patriotism not surpassed by any memorial signed
by an equal number of persons. Mr. A. alluded
to these things for the purpose of showing that this
was not a mere sudden and capricious movement,
but originated with those who fully understood the
nature, and were deeply impressed with the im-
portance of the subject, which they respectfully
pressed on the consideration of the Senate. He
(Mr. A.) had seen several letters from distinguish-
ed offices s of the navy, all concurring in a sense of
the importance of the memorial, and in their esti-
mate, of the peculiar and unequalled advantages
afforded by the harbor of Portsmouth. Among
other advantages, a prominent one was, that owing
to the coldness of the water, or some other cause,
worms did not operate there, which, elsewhere,
are so destructive to the keels of vessels. The
harbor was accessible at all times. It was never
obstructed by ice. The group of islands there
afforded so many raking positions, that a v#ry
small expense would render it entirely inaccessible
to any attacking force. Such a thing as injury to
a vessel in the harbor by stress of weather was
unknown. The labor of mechanics, equal, if not
superior, in cheapness and efficiency, to that of
any other station, can always be procured. In the
lowest tides, there was sixty feet depth of water
on the bar, and a depth alongside the very wharves
of the navy-yard sufficient to float the largest line-
of-battle ship, with her armament on board. He
would delam the Senate no longer, but request that
the memorial be read, and move its reference to the
Committee on Finance, who had under considera-
tion the bill making appropriations for the naval
servic.e.
The memorial was then rend and referred to the
Committee on Finance. '
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Committee ;
on Finance was dischatged from the further con- j
sideration of the petition of William H. Prentiss, |
and it was referred to the Committee of Claims. j
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following "resolu- ;
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent <
and agreed to: j
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary !
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex- ,
tending the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of j
the district courts of the United States to all cases <
arising on the navigable waters of the United j
States. :
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to separate the staff of
the marine corps from the line; which was read, i:
and passed to a second leading. 1
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, made an |i
adverse report upon the memorial of Josiah Col- ::
ston; which was ordered to bo nrinted. '
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Rodolphme Claxton, widow
of Alexander Claxton, late a commander m the |'
navy; which was read, and passed to a second !i
reading. h
1
The joint resolution from the House presenting 1
the thanks of Congress to General Taylor, and the i|
officers and soldiers under his command, having li
been read a first time, :j
Mr. JARNAGIN moved that it be passed by
informally, and that the special order be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTES IN TEXAS.
Mr. RUSK moved to postpone the prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill to provide
for the establishment of additional post-routes in
Texas.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
taken up as in committee of the whole, and was
read.
Mr. NILES explained that the object of the bill
was to remedy defects in the bill of the last session,
which was very defective. The contemplated
routes were necessary for the accommodation of a
portion of the territoiy which was very sparsely
settled, and would be very unproductive.
Mr. DAYIS inquired whether the routes de-
scribed lay between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande.
Mr. RUSK replied, by designating one of the
routes in the bill, from Corpus Christi to Brazos
Santiago, Point Isabel, and Fort Brown.
Tiie bill was then reported without amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN" wished for some further
information to enable him to make up his mind as
to the expediency or necessity of the route to
Brazos Santiago or Point Isabel. At present the
communication was by water, and he was not
aware that it had produced any inconvenience.
The PostQffice Department was a great charge on
the treasury, and we ought to have more informa-
tion before we increase it. He thought this was a
dangerous route.
Mr. RUSK replied, that the distance from Cor-
pus Christi to Point Isabel, which was by no means
dangerous, was very little over one hundred miles.
By that route all the important communications
between Texas and the army would go and return.
At present everything has to go by way of Gal-
veston, as there is no direct route to the army; and
thence it was carried by way of New Oileans.
The route indicated was little over one hundred
miles, and would pay its expenses.
Mr. SIMMONS stated that this was the only
one of the routes to which he had made any objec-
tion. It runs through a portion of the country in
which the Mexicans have settled. He thought
the route by Galveston preferable. If the Senator
from Tetas could convince him that the establish-
ment of this route would involve no question of
jurisdiction, he would be better satisfied. As there
was a bill on the files of the Senate for facilitating
our intercourse with the army, he thought it would
be best to omit the route in this bill and attach it to
the other.
j Mr. RUSK siiid if he could suppose that this
| provision would involve any question as to the
; boundary rights of Mexico or Texas, Iffe would not
j urge it. The establishment of this route would
! prevent the necessity of sending the letters to the
| army through a ciicuit of five hundied miles. He
had another reason for pressing this route. Texas,
| ever since her annexation, had been much worse
supplied with mail routes than she was before.
There were five or six counties entirely destitute
of'accommodation. If the bill were amended and
sent back to the House, great delay must be the
consequence; and the Postmaster General was now
waiting for its passage to make the necessary con-
tracts.
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested that the objection on
the score of jurisdiction might have been made
with a better grace, when the bill laying out the
congressional districts, and the bill establishing
collection districts, were under consideration'. In-
stead of urging the objection then, it is now indi-
rectly intimated at this late period, that there may
be some doubt as to our jurisdiction.
Mr. SIMMONS explained to show that the
Senator from Mississippi bad misunderstood the
natuie of his objection. The only difficulty with
him was, that the route might be carried further
west over a country in possession of the enemy
until we drove them out.
Mr. MOREHEAD expressed the hope that no
question would be raised which would have a ten-
dency to defeat or delay the bill. He did not see
that there could be any objection on the score of
our title, nor did he understand that any such had I
been made. The boundary we claim is to the Rio |
Grande, and it is for the territory within that j
boundary that we are legislating. The Senator
from Texas had distinctly disclaimed any idea of I
interfering with the country beyond that line.
Mr. NILES said he believed no question had
been rai&ed as to the power exercised by Congiess,
under the authority of the Constitution, to estab-
lish mail-routes. It is by virtue of that authority
that we have extended the mail-routes. And if we
have jurisdiction in this territory, as we clearly
have at this time, we have an unquestionable right
to establish these routes. As to the expediency of
doing so m this bill, which seemed to be questioned
by the Senator from Rhode Island, he would only
suggest, that as this is proposed to be a permanent
route, it would be out of place in the other bill to
which the Senator had referred, which was only a
temporary measure.
The bill was then read a third tim®, and passed.
THREE MILLION BILL.
.Mr. SEVIER, said, as he presumed the army
bill would be disposed of in the course of this day,
he wished to give notice, that he should to-morrow,
at one o'clock, ask the Senate to take up for con-
sideration the bill making appropriations to enable
the President to bring the war with Mexico to a
speedy termination.
ARMY BILL.
The Senate then passed to the consideration of
the bill from the House to raise, for a limited time,
an additional military force, and for other purpo-
ses.
The* bill was then read a third time; and the
question being on its passage—
Mr. HOUSTON rose, and moved to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, with
instructions so to amend the bill as to conform to
the amendments (with some slight modification)
heretofore submitted by him, and disagreed to by
I the Senate, white the bill was under consideration
as in committee of the whole.
Mr. HOUSTON said that he regretted extreme-
ly that he should have felt himself compelled to
occupy any more of the time of the Senate on this
bill. Deeming it, however, a measure of very
great importance to the country, as well as to the
organization of the army, he was constrained to
give the views which had influenced him to make
this motion. As to the war itself, he had uniform-
ly been of the opinion that it was necessary from
its incipiency. He was in favor of the original
declaration of war, and he had also been of opinion
that it ought to be vigorously prosecuted. And it
was his wish, in submitting his amendment, to
place the army in a situation to bring it to a speedy
and successful termination. The proposition he
had made would, in his opinion, enable the Gov-
ernment to bring an efficient force into the field
with more promptitude than if we adhered to the
original bill. Numbers of volunteers were now in
readiness, and were anxiously waiting in expecta-
tion of their offers of service being accepted. It
was a time of great emergency; the season was
rapidly advancing; and unless the force contem-
plated in the bill should be sent speedily, it could
not reach the field of action before the spring. If
regular troops were to be sent, it was impossible
that they could be in readiness for effective service
until the season for action is over. He thought
that his amendment would obviate this serious ob-
jection to the employment of an additional regular
force. To inlist, and collect, and discipline a regu-
lar force of ten thousand men, would necessarily
consume some months, and, in the mean time, the
heats of summer will have commenced. Thefatali-
ties of a southern climate had already been very
disastrous to our troops, and they are pregnant
with admonition aks to the future. Great numbers
had been swept off, the camp had been partly deso-
lated, and hundreds who had escaped death were
still recovering so slowly as to render an eaily re-
turn to duty impossible. If the new troops could
be in the field during the month of March, they
might, in that case, reach the table lands of Mexi-
co before the summer shall have so far advanced
as to render the heat dangerous to those who were
unaccustomed to the climate.
j He would suppose that the force was to be com-
posed of regulars. Thirty days at least would
expire before the regiments could be filled by the
slow process of inlistment: it would then take
thirty days more to collect them at the place of em-
barkation; and another thirty days would elapse
before they could be placed in a. position to render
effective service in the field. Thus, the months of
February, March, and April, would be consumed
i before they would be in the position where they
i were required; and by that time the sickly season
| would have commenced. These were some of the
j reasons which had governed him in submitting his
J motion.
i But his main objection to the bill as it stood,
! rested on his opposition to a regular army, both
I on the ground of national policy and the expendi-
' ture inseparable from it. Volunteers constituted
