1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sot
a cheaper description of force. There were no
bounties for mlistment; no officers to be kept in
pay while inlistment was going on. Let the pro-
cess go on as rapidly as it may, many months
must be occupied in this service,* and during that
whole period, the recruiting officers must be kept
in pay. The volunteers required no clothing of a
more costly kind, consumed no larger rations,made
no charge for quarters before they were unbodied,
and were always ready for service. They were
also willing to engage for the same time of service,
even to the end of the war. One of the objections
which had been urged against the volunteers was
that they entered the service for too short a term;
that they engaged for only three months, a period
barely sufficient to enable them to reach their desti-
nation,and that they could scarcely reach the camp,
and have a few days repose, before their term ex-
pired, when the whole camp was thrown into con-
fusion, and the army appealed more like a mob
than a well-disciplined and efficient body.
In the war of 1812, the greatest reliance in the
first instance was on volunteers. It was then
found that the limitation of their term of sen ice
operated injuriously, and the act under which they
were called into service, was repealed, and twenty
regiments of "regulars weie substituted for them.
The act of the 6th February, 181 ^2, authorized the
President to accept of the services of fifty thou-
sand volunteers for the term of twelve months. The
numbet letjuired by the act could not be musteied,
therefoie the system was abandoned, because it
was thought that it would not produce the desired
effect'.
The act of 29th January, 3813, authorized the
reusing of twenty regiments of regulars, each regi-
ment to he composed of nine hundred men, for
the term of twelve months. As well as he could
lecollect, these regiments were not filled; the Gov-
ernment was disappointed m its expectations from
this source, and volunteers were again called for.
Greater inducements weie then held out to them
than had been previously offered, and they were
afterwards regaided as a reliable force.
The same law which authorized the raising of
twenty regiments of regular troops repealed the
preexisting law calling for volunteers; and the sub-
sequent act of February 24, 1814, revived the acts
of Februaiy and July, 1812, and fixed the term of
service for volunteers at five years, or during the
war. The last act authorized the President to
accept the services of forty thousand volunteers,
to be apportioned among the States.
This viuious legislation proved, that after all
tliG experiments made for carrying on the war
daring the year 3812 had been tried, the volunteers,
by making their term of service longer, were made
equal to regular troops in their efficiency. It was
not, therefore, the name, but the material, which
gave character to the force. It was necessary to
lengthen the term of service, because time must be
allowed to bring them into a state of conformity to
certain prescribed and indispensable rules of tactics.
The raw volunteer was equal to the raw regular.
It is when men bccome associated together that
emulation springs up in their bosoms, and a degree
of pride exhibits itself which does not exist when
they are first brought into cooperation. A spirit
of rivalry induces them to submit to the restraints
of discipline, and excites them to efforts by which
glorious deeds are achieved. So far as the volun- j
tfier system had been tried in Europe, the highest ,
expectations of their efficiency had been fulfilled. I
In France, when all the Powers of Europe were «
called against her, armies of volunteeis were raised, ]
which, by their discipline and valor, obtained the
most brilliant successes, and established for them-
selves and their country an enduring renown.
Not to rely on volunteers, but to place reliancc
on regular troops, appeared to him the strangest
" picture which could be exhibited in our Govern-
ment. Why should there be greater reliance on a
regular army? Were they cheaper than volun-
teers ? If they were to be retained as a permanent
establishment for the purpose of any emeigency,
or to repel an invading army, or to carry on war
against uforeign country, did not their existence en-
tail a heavier cost on the country. Aregular army,
it must be clear to every one, was inconsistent with
the genius of our institutions. He had never felt
any apprehension of danger from a regular army,
be its number what they might, whether ten thou-
sand or one hundred thousand ; but since this bill
had been under discussion, since he had had an
opportunity of witnessing the prodigious influence
which had been brought into operation from every
quarter, from persons who had thronged hither in
quest of military rank—since he had seen the num-
bers of applicants for commissions, he had become
convinced that there must be danger from an in-
crease of the regular force. Not that he looked
for any immediate danger; it would be progressive
in its effect; the malign influence which would
result was insidious in its operation, but the result
upon our institutions would be not the less sure.
Let the army be increased, and we should see this
capital, as well as the other departments of Gov-
ernment, thronged, surrounded by these candidates
for office. Hundreds were here at this moment,
who had abandoned the useful pursuits of private
life, disqualified themselves for all civil duties, and
suddenly and violently fallen in love with the pro-
fession of arms. Members of Congress were ap-
pealed to by relatives, and their appeals were list-
ened to, and yielded to, with a readiness which
menaced the safety of the Government. Ho did
not mean to insinuate anything like censure on gen-
tlemen who were thus wrought upon. They are
influenced by the best feelings of our nature, and
it was only to be feared lest those feclings.should
prove too strong for the interests of the country.
These applicants were drawn hither from the very
extremities of the land; they congregated here, as
to a common centie, and cieated an influence which
might be felt, m its mischievous consequences,
through all future times; increasing in their danger
from year to year, and from age to age. Before
the evil became so great as to defy all lemedy, it
was our duty to atrcst its progress. It ought to be
remembered, that if the army was a part of the
body politic, it was neither the head, nor the body,
but merely an arm, and by throwing too much
weight into that member, the more essential and
vital organs would be weakened and destioyed.
And we weie even expected to exhaust our treas-
ury in feeding and cherishing this danger; so that
if, from that cause, luin should come upon us, as it
had come on the nations which had preceded us,
it would be a rum. which we should have won by
purchase.
When volunteers were called out in any sudden
or dangerous emergency, they rendered the ser-
vices required of them during their specified term;
they answered all the purposes for which they were
called into service; they became disciplined and
effective troops; and when all was done, they le-
turned to the walks of civil and social life, with
the proudest of all rewards—the respect and grati-
tude of their fellow-citizens. It was not so with
regulars, whose ties to society were rent asunder,
and who were cut off from the associations of pri-
vate life. When the volunteer returned to his
home, he ceased to be a mere consumer, lie re-
turned to be a producer, not a consumer. Ceasing
to be a citizen-soldier, he had become a citizen-
producer. He had thiown off his character as a
soldier, and become a citizen*and a man.
In making these remarks, he had no intention to
cast any reflection on the regular army. It had
engaged his earliest admiration, and his earliest
habits were connected with it. Every association
of his youth had been in the regular army. He
had known men who held high rank in the army,
and he had known soldiers in their ranks. He had
become well acquainted with their feelings. He
had known many officers of great worth, both as
gentlemen and as officers, and if they returned to
the walks of private life, he would estimate them
| as highly as any citizen. He had nothing, there-
] fore, to say—he intended to say nothing, dei ogatory
I to the regular army. The aim of lus argument
I was against the suppoiting of regular troops in
; preference to volunteers, and to their exclusion,
j And he took this view, because a regular standing
, army was less in accordance with the genius of our
i institutions, and with our character as a free peo-
j pie. It was our true policy to cherish every germ
| of patriotism in the country, and not, after it had
i shot forth and become vigorous, and grown to ma-
I turity, to lop off the branches and leave the trunk
naked and desolate. Would if be wise or just to
say to the volunteers when they came forward with
a tender of their services, " Your offers are repel-
led, and you must be driven back to civil life.
|: Your generous ardor we are bound to repress,
jj because we cannot rely upon you with arms in
'! your hands, as we can upon the regular troops.
II We are, therefore, obliged to throw you aside, and
to take^ regulars. If you come at all, you must be
subjected to severe restrictions and hard privations.
You shall have officers to command you whom you
would never have elected; men of whom you have
no knowledge, and who have no sympathies in
common with yours, and to these you must yield
implicit obedience."
This would not be giving any encouragement-
to thafospirit of patriotism and self-devotion in the
country to which we must look for sustaining it ill
a foreign war, whether brief or protracted m its
duration. We shall be compelled, or wonders
would never cease, to rely on something more
than regulars before we get to the end of this war.
There would not be found a sufficient number of
regulars to inlist, while there was any chance of
their being received as volunteers. There was one
feeling common to all, which would lead every man
to yield to his own promptings, rather than to the
dictates of others, and to choose under whom they
would be disposed to serve. It was a proper, a
natural, a becoming pride, a high-toned patriotic
feeling, which made our citizens willing to come
forward in the hour of danger, to serve their coun-
try, and, if needful, to die m defence of their liber-
ties; but it was a pride which ought not to be curbed
and kept down by hard and unnecessary restric-
tions. Suppose the ten regiments now required
for the regular army should'not be filled, or foun.d
sufficient for the war, would an attempt be made
to fill the regular ranks out of the volunteers ? Such *
a purpose could never be caricd into effect.
Mr. H. then recurred to the legislation of the
last war in reference to regulars and volunteers, to
strengthen the views he had thrown out, and re-
iterated the arguments he had before brought for-
ward as to the superior cheapness and efficiency of
volunteers, and the ease with which, after the ex-
piration of their term of service, they would slide
back into the civil walks of life, -without causing
any injury to the framework of society. He con-
sidered that the passage of this bill, according to
the shape which it might assume, would cxcrcise
a powerful influence on tho destinies of our coun-
try. If regulars were authorised, it would bean
influence for evil; but if volunteers were preferred,
the effect would be beneficial. Let regulars be
taken, and the impression would run through the
country that this course was taken because the
volunteers were not worthy of the confidence of
the Government, and that for the defence of the
country the regular airny only could be trusted.
As he. had not been able to bring his mind to such
conclusion, lie had felt himself constrained to take
the course he had taken. He disclaimed any desire
to court popular approbation: he had not been ac-
tuated by a wish to make a speech which would
be read abroad. He had spoken and voted accord-
ing to the dictates of his deliberate judgment.
That the measure had comc to Congress with the
recommendation of the President—that a resort to
regulars had had the sanction of the highest au-
thority—was to have neither a ground of exception
to it, nor a sufficient inducement to favor it. If he
thought that a measure was wrong in itself, he was
not to be influenced to support it because it was
brought with the highest Executive sanction: con-
vinced that it was wrong, his vote would never be
given for it. He was not sent here to hold his
opinions m submission to those of any other in-
dividual. If his judgment was not sufficiently in-
structed to guide him m a right course, he still was
obliged to feel that he was placed in a position
where he must act by the best lights he could ob-
tain from it. In all matters he was resolved to do
as his conscience admonished him. If he could
take this bill m its present form, and blindly vote
for its passage against his solemn convictions of
duty, he should feel he had no business here. But
while experience, with the aid of the best lights of
j his own judgment, admonished him to pursue an
! opposite couise, he would pursue it regardless by
| whom the measure was recommended. He would
j look to the country only: he would be directed by
1 a single eye to its interests; he would not suffer
i his judgment to be influenced by the wishes of m-
J di\iduals, but endeavor so to act as to confer the
j greatest benefits on the whole.
! Mr. HUNTINGTON said he did not intend
j again to enter into this discussion respecting vol-
unteers. The mam feature, as between volunteers
and regulars, had been settled by the Senate. He
might agree with the Senator from Texas, that vol-
unteers were the best, under the circumstances j but
