302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. I,
he could not vote for the instructions of the Sena-
tor from Texas. The Senate had decided the ques-
tion more than once; it could hardly, therefore, be
considered an open question.
There were two objections to the amendment of j
the Senator from Texas. One was, that it pro- i
posed to give the appointment of the officers of
•these regiments, as well as of the companies, to
the soldiers; and that, he thought, was highly in-
expedient. The second objection was its uncon-
stitutionality. It purported to confer on the Presi-
dent of the United States not authority merely, but i
it was mandatory on him to commission the officers j
selected by the companies; and that, he held, was '
not within the power of Congress. If the Presi-
dent commissioned, it was an act done on behalf of j
the United States; and he can commission none !
but officers of the United States, and under the
laws of the United States. Congress could not j
compel the President to commission, any more i
than they could compel him to nominate. They
might give him power to commission certain offi- j
cers alone, and the act would be his. He might \
aiso nominate to the Senate, or commission by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate; but the
nomination was a voluntary act, as was the con-
firmation by the Senate. The Supreme Court had
decided, that though the President may have nomi-
nated to the Senate, and the Senate may have con-
firmed the nomination, the Pt esident was not bound
to issue the commission. His act continued to be
voluntary up to the time of making the appoint-
ment. For these reasons, he could not vote for
the proposition of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. H. did not intend now to occupy much of the
time of the Senate, for he considered it a settled
question, ("Go on, go on,") whether they should
have volunteers or regulars; but he had a word or
two to say of the precedents to which the Senator
from Texas had appealed. That honorable Senator
had referred to the act ofthe 27th of January, 1815, 1
but he forgot to look at the first section. It did j
not provide for the appointment of officers by the j
soldiers, and that the President should subsequent- :
ly commission them; but that the officers should
be organized under the laws of the States in which
they were raised. That was the distinction, and
a very obvious distinction.
[He read the section referred to in support of his
position.]
He then continued. That was the clause by
which the volunteers weie oiganized and officered
by the States. Hut when they came to the third
section, there was not a word about the President
doing anything' to them; but the Piesident was
simply authniized to take others who volunteered
according to the laws, and the rules governing the
riulttary establishment of the United States; and
then followed sections authorizing the President |
to commission them. By the subsequent sections, j
it was evident that this authority to commission |
applied to the latter class of volunteers who should ;
be organized in confoimity with the laws of the |
United States. And that was the proper course j
with respect to those who volunteered to serve the j
United States under the laws of the United States. :
But would it be supposed that, under this pro- ■
vision, the President of the United States was in \
commission men who held commissions under the !
States? Why should they have two sets of com- \
missions? If they were commissioned under State !
law's, how could such a construction be given to !
these provisions as to require another commission I
to be issued by the President of the United States? :
He submitted to the common sense of gentlemen .
that this could not be done, and therefoie he was j
opposed to the amendment. j
He had said that he did not rise with a view to !
discuss this question; his object was, if this bill !
was to be recommitted, to endeavor to change the !
instructions. Pie would therefore move to strike !
out the instructions of the Senator from Texas ]
all after the words "amend the bill—and insert I
instructions to the Committee on Military Affairs |
to report the bill without the proviso of the Sena- j
tor from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] to the ninth j
section, which was as follows: i
''Provided, further, That eveiy such non-commissioned i
officer, musician, and pmat/j, who may be entitled, under i
the provisions of this act, to receive a certificate or warrant j
for one hundred and sixty acres otiand, shall be allowed the j
option to receive s-ucb certificate or warrant, or a tieasmy
scrip lor one hundred dolJais, and such scrip whenever it is
preferred, shall be issued by the Secretary of the Treasury
to such person or persons as would be authorized to receive
such certificate or warrant for lands; said scup to bear an
interest of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually,
redeemable at the pleasure ofthe Government."
It would be perceived that this proviso autho-
rized the issue of a six per cent, stock in payment
of bounty, when the soldiers declined to receive
land certificates, redeemable at the treasury, with
interest payable semi-annually. Mr. H. confessed
to his mind this proposition was exceedingly ob-
jectionable. He could not conceive how he could
be brought to vote for such a proposition, present-
ed under such circumstances to the Senate. Yet
he would not now have moved in this matter, if lie
had conceived -it to have been settled by the au-
thority of the Senate; but when the amendment
was adopted, the Senate was very thm, and even
then the first vote was only decided by a majority
of two, and the second by a majority of one. } ie
hoped, therefoie, if the bill was to be recommitted,
it would be with other instructions than those of
the Senator from Texas—with those he had sub-
mitted, to strike out the proviso of the Senator
from Rhode Island, to which he was opposed, be-
cause it created a national debt—a debt on interest,
which was the creation of a debt in itself. They
had already issued a large amount of paper: was
it proper, therefore, to add to this debt? much less
was it proper to add to this debt for the purpose
of giving bounties? Was anything of the sort
ever heard of in the civilized woiId? A bounty
might be given in money when they had it; but
was such a thing ever heard of as the creation of
a stock for the purpose of giving bounties?
Mr. H. was opposed to this also, not only be-
cause it created a debt, but because it created a
debt that was indefinite m its amount. Who
among them was so wise as to be able to teil what
amount of stock, under this act, they should be
called upon to issue? If this war should long con-
tinue, instead of five millions, the amount would
be ten millions of dollars' woith of stock that
would be lequired to pay these one hundred dol-
lar certificates as bounties. JNow, to this he was
opposed. He wanted to know what would be the
amount of this debt which was to be fastened on
the country and on posterity, before he gave it his
sanction.
But besides being indefinite in amount, this debt
was also to be indefinite in duration. The Gov-
ernment was to redeem it at its pleasure, and he
was opposed to it on that ground, if they were
to create such a debt, let them fix a period for its
paymenL, and not lea\e it to exist for twenty or
thirty years, or even half a century, with its annu-
ally accruing interest.
But he had still another objection, tie objected
to this debt, because it was cieated in the worst
possible form. A certificate for stock was to be
issued to every soldier in our army who should
mlist for twelve months. Each one was to have
this bit of paper, and to draw his six per cent,
semi-annually. He looked upon this as degrading
to the Government. A six percent, stock like this
would float about in*the community. Pie was op-
posed to the whole of it. Let them give bounties
as pioposed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Cor-
win,] but notcrcate a debt—especially such ti debt.
He thought the proviso of the Senator from Rhode
Island would be deleterious in its results too, as it
was calculated to lessen the credit of the Govern-
ment. He would not now stop to say how much
it would tend to prevent the Government getting
the regular loan which a few days ago they autho-
rized; but he had such serious objections to that
proviso, that he could not refrain from thus throw-
ing himself on the indulgence of the Senate. He
should not have moved a recommitment; but as
the motion had been made, he would move to
change the character ofthe instructions.
Mr. SIMMONS felt called upon to say a few
words in defence of a proposition which he had
the honor to submit, and which had been twice
voted on and approved by yeas and nays. The
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Huntington]
seemed to think it was a most extraordinary pro-r
vision; and it had been so designated by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] before it
was voted on. The Senator from Kentucky had
asked, in very significant language, "Who ever
heard of such a bounty as this?" Now, if they
would turn over the statute books of the time of
the last war with Great Britain, they would find, ;
as he heard the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. ;
Webster] say a few days ago, that the Govern-
ment paid $120 apiece to each soldier, as bounty,
j and at the end of their term of service an addition of
I 320 acres of land, being much more money than was
| now proposed to be given, and twice the quantity
j of land : so that there was nothing so singular or
extravagant in this as to call down all this denun-
ciation. The Senator from Connecticut, too,
thought it was proposed to be given in a most un-
warrantable description of stock. Why, they
have just authorized the payment of all the debts
contracted in this war in certificates of small de-
nominations, and he had heretofore spoken of its
effect on the financial affairs of the Government;
but if there was danger of such paper forming part
of the circulation, it was guarded against, in this
case, by providing that they shall bear legal in-
terest, which every one knew would prevent this
paper forming part of the circulation of the
country. But what would be the effect of putting
sixteen millions of acres of land in market ? If he
were the agent of all these troops—fifty thousand
or one hundred thousand, as they might be—to
whom sixteen millions of acres of land might be
given, what would he, or any other gentleman, do
for the soldiersr Why, knowing that theie was
a limited annual demand for the land of but two
millions of acres, he would advise them to do with
their certificates as merchants did with merchan-
dise: consign them to somebody that could wait
for the returns and realize their value. But if too
much were put into market for several years, the
price would necessarily depreciate. This the Gov-
ernment could prevent by his amendment, without
the cost of a dollar; for it had all its agencies now
established, it would be useless to attempt to sell
an acre of land for a dollar and a quarter, for some
years to come, if the soldiers were to put so much
in the market, in such a manner as to reduce it to
fifty cents an acre. If any Senator there had as
many million bales of cotton as we have acres of
land, he would be very sorry to see so many
brought into market by necessitous dealers.
The only effect, then, of his amendment on the
finances of the country would be to sustain the
price of the lands. He had thought, and contin-
ued to think, that to many of the soldiers land
would be preferable; but to those who live re-
mote from the public lands, scrip would be more
desirable, and he would give them the option.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he concurred with the
Senator from Texas, that any additional force to
be called out, should be volunteers. Yet, when
that had been debated, not one day only, nor one
week, but three or four weeks, and if they were to
have it opened again, it would be decided m the
same way, he humbly submitted, whether it would
not be a waste of time. He hoped, therefore, that
the question would be taken on the reconsidera-
tion, so that they might dispose of the bill. He
was satisfied, if the bill were recommitted, the
sense of the Senate having been tested, that after
another week's discussion, they would find them-
selves just where they were now. With these
views, he should feel constrained so to vote, as to
prevent any further discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON briefly replied to the remarks
of the Senator from Connecticut, quoting the law
which that Senatar had referred to, in proof of the
accuracy of the interpretation, which he had here-
tofore given of it.
Mr. BENTON said, as this movement might
lead to another week's debate and examination, he
desired the vote to be taken by yeas and nays,
Mr. MANGrUM moved a division of the ques-
tion, so that the vote should be taken first on the
recommittal, and next on the instructions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, with deference to a gen-
tleman who had occupied so long the chair of the
President, was of opinion, that the question was
not divisible. He was opposed to the recommit-
ment of the bill, unless it was with particular in-
structions. The question was now on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. MANGrUM admitted, that the question
should first be taken on that amendment, but added,
that the question would be divisible afterwards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER concurred m this
opinion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he should vote for the
instructions, to get rid of a most obnoxious feature
in the bill—the creation of a national debt of great
amount, to which he could not consent. But if
the amendment did not carry, he should vote
against the recommitment.
The question was taken on Mr. Huntington's
