1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
amendment, and it was not agreed to: Yeas 18,
nays 28, as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Cilley, Thomas Clayton,
J. M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Greene,
Huntington, Mangum, Miller, Moiehead, Pearce, Phelps,
Upham, and Woodbridge—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Jingbt, Butler, Cameron, Ca s, Chal-
mers, Dix, Fairfield, Hann^gan, Houston, Jarnagin, John-
son of Louisiana, Mason, Niles, Ru<k. Sevie-, Simmons,
Speight, Sturgeon, Turnev, Westeott, and Yulee— 28.
The question was then put on Mr. Houston's
amendment, which was lost without a division. «
The question then recurred: " Shall this bill
pass?"
Mr. HANNEGAN called for the yeas and nays, *
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
thus: Yeas 39, nays 3.
YEAS—Mes3rs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
ton, Badger, Bagby, Benton, Bernen, Breeze, Bnght, Butler,
Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Dayton, Dix, Fairfield, flannegan,"Jarnagin,
Johnson ol" Louisiana, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Morchcad,
Niles, Phelps, Rusk, Sevier, Simmons, Speight, Sturgeon,
Turney, Westeott, Woodbridge, and Yulce—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Cilley, Curwin, arid Davit-—.'3.
So the bill was passed, and returned to the House
of Representatives for concurrence in the amend-
ments.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February}, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. McDOWELL, of "Virginia, rose to move a
correction. On the resolution of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Cocke,] he (Mr. MoD.) was
recorded as having voted in the negative, whereas
he was one of the small minority who had voted in
the affirmative.
The Journal, having been ordered to be corrected
accordingly, was approved.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order was the demand for the previous
question (pending at the adjournment on Saturday)
on the resolution of the gentleman from Mississip-
pi, [Mr. Jacob Thompson,] calling on the Presi-
dent for certain correspondence.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, asked leave to offer
a resolution.
Objection was made.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired to be informed
by the Chair what had become of the special order
which had been set apart for this day, (being the
bill commonly known as the three million bill.)
The SPEAKER said that the previous question
having been demanded, the special order would
come up immediately after the pending matter was
disposed of.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL again asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
joint resolution authorizing and directing the Joint
Committee on the Library to contract with VI. H.
Powell (the artist who executed the picture of
"Columbus before the Council of Salamanca,"
now exhibiting in the Congress Library) for the
execution of a painting for the remaining vacant
panel in the Rotundo, on the same terms on which
the paintings have been obtained from Messrs.
Chapman, Weir, and Vanderlyn.
Objection being made, Mr. McD. moved to sus-
pend the rules; but the SPEAKER decided the
motion out of order?pending the demand for the
previous question on the resolution above men-
tioned.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, by leave,
it was
Ordered, That 1500 extra copies of the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office be
printed for the use of the House.
Mr. A. STEWART asked leave to introduce a
bill, in pursuance of previous notice given. Ob-
jected to.
Mr. FICKLIN, on leave, gave notice of a bill to
grant to the States of Indiana and Illinois the privi-
lege of improving the navigation of the Wabash
river.
The demand for the previous question on the
resolution of Mr. Jacob Thompson, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Ashmun, was then seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, viz: Will the
House agree to the amendment? (Mr. Ashmun's.)
Mr. BtTRT moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table; which motion was deci-
ded in the negative: Yeas 29, nays 125.
So the House decided that the resolution and
amendment should not be laid on the table.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ashmun, (which is in the following words:)
"Re o'vedy That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House if any officer or agent of the
United Slates was sent by him, or by his diicetion, to Ha-
vana, to advise, piocure, or jn any way to promote the re-
turn of Santa Ana to Mexico; or whether any person visited
Washington city, and conferred with the President oi any
ofheer of the Government upon the subject of said return of
Santa Ana; and, if so, who was the officer or agent, what
weic his instructions, and when was he sent on &uch mis-
sion ; or who was the peison that visaed Washington city,
and thu> conferred with the President or any other officer
of the Government, and what wa«- decided upon at such
confeience. Also, that he mtoim thellou.-eby what means,
and through what channel, Santa Ana v. a? intbimed that an
ordei was issued to the commander of out naval toices in
the Gult of Mexico, directing said commander not to ob-
struct Santa Ana's return to Mexico; and that he al-o tinns-
niit to Uns !lout-« copies of any lettei*, communication1-, or
papei s of any kind m the Executue Department of the Go\-
ernnunt m any way lelating to the Mihjoct of Santa Ana's
return to Mexico.
''Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform this House whether the United States
have any diplomatic agent to the Government of Mexico;
if not. when they ceas-ed to have Mich an agent; and if the
United State* have such an agent, who he is. what duties
he lias perionned since the war with Mexico, what compen-
sation be has leceived, and what i  his piesent rate ot com-
pensation.
And it was decided in the negative, by yeas and
nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barringer,
Bell, Milton Brown, Buffington, Burt, William W. Camp-
bell, Cairoll, Catheart, John G. Chapman, Cucke, Collamer,
Cran-ton, Ctozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Dockcry, John H. Evvmg, Edwin II. Esving, Gentrv, Gid-
dings, Gordon, Graham, Grider, GnnnelJ, Hale, Hampton,
Harper, Hilhaid, Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Sam-
uel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt. Joseph It In-
gersoll, D. P. Kins, Thomas B. King, Lewis, Long, MrOlel-
land, jVIeGaughey, McHenry, Mclhatue, Mai.-h, Mili,ji,
Motley, Pendleton, Pollock, Ranue}, Ri|,lev, Jnhu- Rock-
well. John A. Rockwell, Root, ttnnk, Schenrk, Tiuaian
Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Strohm, Tlnbodanx, Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Truinbo,
Vance, White, Wmthrop, and Young-—76.
NAYS—Me-'sis. Anderson, Bedinger, Benton, J. Black,
Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, BrinkeihotF, Biodhead, William G.
Biown, Aii2u-tn< A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chipman,
Claike, Cobb, Collin, Cottiell, Cullom. Cummins, Cimmng-
narn, Daniel, De Mott, Douglass, Dromgoole, fiuulap. Edsall,
Elicit, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faian, Ficklin, Gan in, Grover.
Hamlin, Ilarroanson, Henley, Hopkins, G S. Houston, llun-
gerford, James- B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James
H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, ueorge W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Leake, Leffler, Leih, La Scie,
Lumpkin, McClean. MeCleinand,MrDaniel, Joseph J. Mc-
Dowell. James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Moise,
Moulton, Niven, Norns, Owen, Parish, Perrill, Perry, Pills-
buiy, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Rhetl, Ritier, Roberts, Sawtelle,
Sawver, Scammon, Seddon, Alexandri 1). Sinn, Leonard
H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, St. John, Stiong, Sykes, James* Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Tihhatts, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Wil-
liams, VVihuot, Woodward, and VVoodworth—99.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARROLL now moved to lay the resolu- |
tion on the table. j
The CHAIR luled the motion oul of order. ;
The question then recurred on the passage of;
the original resolution, which is as follows: j
Resolved, That the Piesidcnt be requested to
communicate to the House of Representatives such
parts of the correspondence of General Taylor as
have not yet been published, and the publication
of which may not be deemed detrimental to the
public service; also, the correspondence of the
Quartermaster General in relation to transporta-
tion from General Tnylor's army; also, the reports
of Brigadier Generals Hamer and Quitman, of the
operations of their respective brigades on the 21st
of September last.
Ana it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 101,
nays 62.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COBB moved a reconsideration of the vote,
which motion was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER now announced the special or-
der, viz. the bill appropriating $3,000,000 to enable
the President of the United States to conclude a
treaty of peace with the Republic of Mexico, as
the business next in order.
Mr, McKAY appealed to Mr. C. J. Ingersoll
to suffer the special order to be postponed for a
few days, that the House might take up and act
on some of the appropriation bills.
Mr. C. J". INGERSOLL stated that he had no
objection to the proposition, and he would there-
fore move to postpone the special order to Monday
next, to take precedence of all business until dis-
posed of.
Mr. WILMOT wished, by general consent, to
be permitted to move an amendment to the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected, and raised a point
of order.
Mr. RHETT also objected-strenuously.
Mr. WILMOT said he only wanted to have his
amendment read, so that the House might know
what it was.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment not to be in
order.
Mr. PRESTON KING took an appeal from
that decision.
Mr. WILMOT asked that the amendment be
read.
[Loud objections in various quarters.]
Mr. RHETT inquired of the Chair whether an
amendment could be read, if objection was made,
which was not in order?
The CHAIR replied that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. King] might have it read as a
part of his argument in support of his appeal.
The amendment was then read as follows:
"Sec. —. Jlndhcit further enacted, That there shall be
neithei slavery nor involuntary sei vitude in any temtory on
the continent of Ameuca which shall hereafter be acquired
by, or annexed to, the United States, except for enmes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted: Pio-
vided alwuys, That any person escaping into such territory
from whom labor or service is lawfully clajmed in any one
of the United States, such fugitive may be lawfully re-
claimed and conveyed out of said terutoryto the person
claiming his or her labor or service."
Mr. KING stated that his reason for taking the
appeal was, that the amendment might be read and
ordered to be printed, so that the House might
have it before them together wfth the bill, that the
whole might be considered together. Mr. It. then
withdrew his appeal, and moved a suspension of
the rules, that the resolution might be offered and
ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR ruled the motion to be out of or-
der. There was ahcady a subject made the special
order by a vote of two-thirds. This was equivalent
to a suspension of the rules; and therefore no new
motion to suspend could be received.
Mr. KING acquiesced and withdrew his appeal.
The question on postponing the bill to Monday
next was then taken, and decided as follows :
YEAS—Messi«. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barringer,
Benton, Bigar-, James Biack, James A. Black, Bowdon,
Bowhn, Boyd. Brodhead, Milton Brown. Augustus A. Chap-
man, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, CottreJI, Cni-
lom, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, De Mort, Douglas?,
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Erkall. Ellett, Erdman, Faran, Fiekhn,
Garvin, Giles, Gordon, Graham, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge,
Hopkins, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Charle* J. Ingersoll, Jenkin-, James H. Johnson, Andievv
Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, Leake, Leih, La Sere,
Luron, Lumpkin, McClelland, McClernand, McCrate, Mc-
Damel, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay,
John P. IVfcuun, Barklev Maitm, Morris, Morse, Moulton,
Niven, Norn*, Owen, Parrish, Pillshurv, Reid, Relfe, Kil-
ter, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonaid H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robeit
Smith, Stanton, Starkweathei, St. John, Strong, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wick,
William", Woodruff, Woodwaid, and Yost—97.
j\JAVS—Mpsmn Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, A^Jnnwn,
Bell, Bnnkcrhoff, William G. Brown, Bnffington, John H.
Campbell. Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer,
Ouuiston, Cro/.ier, Culver, Garictt Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Ellsvvoith, John H. Ewing, Edwin II. Ewmc, Gently. Gtd-
dmgs, Gruler, Grmnell, Ha'e, Hampton, Harpei, Hilhaid,
Eha^ B. ITolmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingeisoll, Danic-1 P.
King, Pre ton Kmc. Thomas Butler Kmc. Leffler, Jiewis,
Lone, McClean, M'-Gaugbey, Mcllenry, Mcflvaine, Marsh,
Miller, Mo-iolev, Pendleton, Pollock, Ram«cv, Rathbun,
Hhetf, Riplev, Jnhus Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Runk, Schenek, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Stiohm, Sykes, Thibo-
danx, Thoma«son, Benjamin Thompson, Tildcn, Toombs,
Trumbo.'Vinton, Wentworth. Wheaton, Wilmot, Wmthrop,
Wood, Wright, and Young—S3.
So the special order was postponed until Monday
next.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, earnestly en-
treated him to waive his motion, to enable Mr. C.
to present a subject which was of the greatest mo-
ment to him and to the people of his district He
wished to offer a resolution of inquiry touching the
dismission of an officer of the Alabama volunteers,
without beins: tried.
Mr. McKAY having yielded to Mr. C.'s earnest
intercession—
