304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1.
The CHAIR said the resolution could he re-
ceived only by general consent.
Mr CHAPMAN said if any gentleman object-
ed, he should move to suspend the rules.
No objection being made—
Mr. CHAPMAN then offered his resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House any
information in his possession showing the reasons
why the Alabama regiment of volunteers was sta-
tioned and continued on the Rio Grande and not.
* marched forward to participate in the battle of
Monterey, when other regiments of volunteeis
from other States who arrived long subsequent to
the Alabama regiment m the hostile country were
allowed to march before them and participated in
that battle.
Resolved, further, That the President be request-
ed to inform this House for what offence, and
under what law or legulation of the army, Briga-
dier General Shields, while commanding the Uni-
ted States troops at Tampico, Mexico, deprived
Lieutenant John McDuff (of Captain James's com-
pany, from Jackson county, Alabama, in the regi-
ment of volunteers from that State commanded by
Colonel John Coffee) of his command, and ordered
him home, without giving him the benefit of a
court of inquiry or couit martial to inquire into the
charges, if any, against him.
Mr. C. said it was due to him, as well as to the
individual concerned* that the fact3 of this case
should be knowHi. He then adverted to the fact
that Colonel Coffee, the commander of the Ala-
bama regiment in question, was his own intimate
friend, and came from his own district; that uni-
versal complaints prevailed among the Alabama
volunteers that they were detained on the banks
of the Rio Grande, occupied in guarding posts,
while others, who came upon the ground long after
them, had been permitted to go forward, and to
share in the triumph at Monterey. This was in-
jurious to the character of the regiment and of the
State. Reports had been circulated that the men
of the regiment were undisciplined and its officers
incompetent; but Mr. C. should not speak for
these men; he would allow them to speak for
themselves: and he thereupon sent to the Clerk's
tabic a very long remonstrance from the officers of
the Alabama regiment, addressed to General Tay-
lor.
Mr. FICKLTN hoped the gentleman would in-
clude in his motion the third and fourth regiments
of the Illinois volunteers.
Mr. CHAPMAN, resuming, went on to excuse
himself for bringing the subject before the House,
by the sense of duty lie felt to Colonel Coflee, on
whom he pronounced a warm eulogium for Ins
modesty and unassuming disposition, which had
exposed him to the charge of incompetency. Had
ho been more vain and bold, and more inclined to
push his own claims, as some others did, he would
have been more likely to escape the chnrge. Ho
made no complaint, but he considered himself
badly treated; lie had lost his proper place in the
honor shared by the army. Mr. C. hoped this
was not because he came from a district which
was called 44 the Gibraltar of Democracy"—a dis-
trict where the Democratic flag had never trailed
in the dust. He hoped it was not; but such talk
prevailed in the regiment. Meanwhile, the facts
ought to be known, and General Taylor might
have an opportunity to justify himself for the
eouise he had pursued.
Mr. C. here referred to a letter from Colonel
Coffee, expressing a hope that the time might come
when he and his soldiers would have an opportu-
nity of winning a portion of the laurels which had
hitherto fallen to the lot of others.
Mr. C. then alluded to another letter from an offi-
cer at Tampico, dated on the 8th of December last,
complaining that Biigadier General Shields had
dismissed a Lieutenant iVlcDuff, and sent him home
to Bclfonte, without the sentence of a court of in-
quiry or court martial, for an alleged negiect of
duty when the lieutenant was returned upon the
sick list.
A discussion of some length ensued, in which
Mr. C. referred to the publicity of this charge in
Alabama; the time he had had the letter m his
possession; his application to the Secretary of
War and to the President for information; his fail-
ure of success, and his ultimate resort to the House
for redress, He urged Mr. McDuff's excellent
character, and the wrong he had received, with the
warmth of a personal friend and representative.
Mr. GORDON moved the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DOUGLASS said General Shields was from
his State, and he wanted a word in reply.
Mr. GORDON would not withdraw his call for
the previous question, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN moved a reconsideration, to al-
low Mr. Douglass an oppoitumty to reply.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he thought there were
palpable reasons why the resolution should not be
adopted. And, first, why must this inquiry be
made in regard to the Alabama volunteers, when
there were others in the same situation ? Illinois
had salt four regiments, and yet only one had had
a chance of fighting. Indiana had sent three, and
Kentucky three:"bnly one regiment from either of
these States had been ordered forward. Why not
inquire into the reasons for this too ? All were
anxious to fight; all who went thought themselves
fortunate in the opportunity, and those in the front
ranks of the battle esteemed themselves highly so.
But the Alabama regiment must have General
Taylor's reasons why one regiment was ordered
forward and another not. What for i Was it in-
tended to impeach General Taylor for the details
of his military arrangements ? Other Stales might
push the same inquiry with the same justice, and
with as little cause of complaint. Where did that
House get its authority to inquire into the details
of the military operations of a general in the field ?
If these things were to be ordered by the House,
what did we want with a commander-in-chief?
[Voices, " Yes, or with a heutenan geneial?' A
laugh.] Even if the House had the authority,
would it be wise to use it? He thought not. As
to the complaint against Brigadier General Shields,
tile gentleman assumed that ail the assertions in the
letter which had been read were true, and on them
founded a resolution of inquiry; but the House
would not assume any such thing against one of
the most gallant and honorable men living, on a
letter which, however natural it might be as com-
ing from a colonel in behalf of ins lieutenant, only
stated what was reported in camp, but not what he
per&onally knew. It contained no evidence—not
a particle; and if the lieutenant had been wronged,
lie ought to have complained and had a court mar-
tial; and had his colonel thoughthim wronged, his
resort should have been to his commanding general,
accoiding to the rules of war, which he had sworn
to support, and not to a member of Congress. Mr.
D. disclaimed all imputation on the character of
Colonel Coffee, noi would he suffer any to be cast
on that of Brigadier General Shields.
J After some explanations between Mr. Chapman
and Mr. Dougi.ass,]
Mr. RAT 1:3 GUN moved the previous question
on the reconsideration, and the vote adopting the
resolution was reconsidered.
Mr. GORDON then moved that the resolution
be laid on the table, and on that he moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CHAPMAN asked the yeas and nays, but
the House refused to order them, and the resolu-
tion was laid on the table.
xVIr. RATHBUN, by lea\e, from the Commit-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which had been refcr-
led the bill for the more easy ascertaining of the
names of the owners of ships and vessels, leported
an amendatory bill, entitled "A bill for the reduc-
tion of costs iii courts of admiralty against ships or
vessels m certain cases."
Mr. R. briefly explained the grievance which
tins bill was intended to remove. It was a great
annoyance to shippers, did no good to the sailors,
and only put money into the pockets of a certain
class ot lawyers.
After some explanatory conversation with Mr.
J. R. IngcErsoll and Mr. Thurman, the bill was
engrossed, lead a third time, and passed.
Mr. RATHBUN, by leave, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill to regulate the eairying of
passengers in merchant vessels.
The question being on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time—
Mr. R. said this was a bill intended to correct
one of the most enormous and aggravated abuses
which now existed in Christendom. The emi-
grants from abroad frequently came into the port
of New York in such a crowded condition on
board of the ships which brought them that they
were landed in so diseased a condition as to be un-
able to walk, and were earned in carts to the alms-
house, and sometimes died by the way. Numbers
died on the passage from the same cause. By this
abuse an immense expense was imposed on the
city, as well as a crying inhumanity perpetrated.
The object of the bill was not to check immigra-
tion, but to provide by law that sufficient space
should be reserved on board the importing ships
for the comfortable accommodation of the passen-
gers, so that they might arrive on our shores in a
*state of health, instead of presenting a revolting
spectacle, which was a disgrace not only to our
laws and our country, but to humanity itself.
Mr. LEYIN then rose and said he should move
to amend the title of the bill so as to make it read
"A bill to afford additional facilities to the paupers
and criminals of Europe to emigrate to the uni-
ted States;" and we.it into a speech at length, in
opposition to the whole system of importingvoters
jj from abroad; attributing it to a party policy, with
]{ a view to weaken the Native American party, &c.
i| When he concluded—■
Mr. THURMAN moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of New York, demanded to
be heard on the merits of the bill, and to have an
opportunity of offering an amendment; but the pre-
vious question was seconded, and under its power
the bill was ordered to a third reading and passed.
Yeas 94, nays 48.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill, and then moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
And the question being put, it was decidcd in
the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table,
J and the bill stands passed,
j PENSION BILL.
j On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
j itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. James
| Thompson in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
| sidcration of the bill making appropriations for the
i payment of revolutionary and other pensions of
j the United States for the year ending 30th June,
i 1848.
| Mr. DANIEL P. KING moved to add the fol-
! lowing item to the bill; which was disagreed to:
I " For payment of pensions umiei the law creating the pn-
! vate, r pension fund, passed, June 2G, 181:2,
| Mr. DANIEL P. KING moved to add the fol-
lowing item to the bill; which was disagreed to:
'• Foi the payment of pennons to wounded piivalPersmen
as pledged by the United States Government by act ot Con-
gicstf, June 'J6, 1^1*2, ^,8U0."
Mr. PARAN moved to add the following: to the
bill :
" That all the provisions of the act of Jul} 4,18o6, entitled
e An act gnmting halt pay to widow* ot oiphans, uheie their
1 hiMmmLs and father-, have died of wound; ueuved in the
j mihtaiy mm vice of the United States, in ceitain ease*, and
I foi other puipo^es,' he continued tor another frm of hve
years to all those widows and children who have had the
benefit of the frame, and who«.<> pens-mn-- have expired, or
shall expue within twelve months from the passage of this
; act."
I Mr. McKAY inquired of the Chair if the amend-
ment was in order?
The CHAIR decided the amendment out of
order.
I Mr. PARAN appealed from the decision of the
; Chair.
After some remarks by Messrs. WINTHROP
and SCHENCK—
The CHAIR stated that, on further examining
; the amendment, he would decide it to be m order.
! The question on the amendment was then put,
> and decided in the affirmative : Ayes 68, noes 48.
, The bill was then reported to the House as
, amended by the committee.
; The question was on concurring with the com-
! mittee in their amendment; when—
Mr. McKAY said, in otder to afford time to ex-
amine the amendment, he would move that the
House adjourn, but withdrew his motion at the
request of
| The SPEAKER, who laid before the House
! sundry Executive communications, as follows :
I. A communication from the President of the
' United States, in answer to a resolution of the
. House of Representatives of the 20th instant,
; transmitting reports from the Secretary of War,
| the Adjutant General, and Paymaster General of
[ the army, in relation to the appointment of ceitain
! members of the House of the 20th Congress to
