1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
such remittances? Which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, praying .that theTon-
awanda band of Seneca Indians may be exempted
from the operation of the treaty of 1842 with the
Seneca Indians; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Also, the petition of citizens of Alabama, in Gen-
esee county, New York, upon' the same subject;
which was referted to the same committee.
Also, a petition of citizens'of the city of New
York, praying the reestabhshrnent of a branch post
office in Chatham Square, in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the petition of
Martin Renehan, doorkeeper at the Executive man-
sion, praying to be allowed by law the same com-
pensation as is paid to others discharging similar
duties in the Executive departments of theGovem- !
ment; -which was referred to the Committee on j
Finance.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been referred the
bill from the House for the relief of the assignees
of the late Bank of Alexandria, reported the same
without amendment.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the prior orders were
postponed, and the Senate proceeded to tha con-
sideration of the following resolution; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
authorized to procure for the use of the Senate,
five hundred copies of a map of Mexico, published
by Mr. Distumel, provided they can be obtained
at a cost not exceeding one dollar per copy.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of the resolution heretofore
offered by him, authorizing the compilation of the
map of Florida, from the surveys of the Topo-
graphical corps, <fcc. The motion having been
agreed to—
Mr. HUNTINGTON wished some information
as to the probable expense of this compilation.
Perhaps it would be as well to include all the States
at once. Why was Florida to be favored only?
Mr. YULEE. The cost will be about §400.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Then I move to amend,
so as to limit the expense to $400.
Mr. YULEE. I said about $400. If the hon-
orable Senator desires a limitation, perhaps he will
be willing,' to say ^500.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Very well. I will make
it $500.
. The resolution was modified accordingly, and
then agreed to.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Bacby, to change the hour of meeting of the Sen-
ate to eleven o'clock, a. ni., was taken up for con-
sideration, and the question being put upon agree-
ing thereto, it was decided in the negative.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill to exempt certain articles mlporfed
by literary institutions from the payment of duty;
which was read a first time.
The report of the Committee on Printing, de-
claring that the memorials from the Society of
Friends ought not to be printed, came up for con-
sideration.
Mr. SIMMONS expressed his regret that the
Committee should have thought lit to refuse the
printing of memorials couched m such respectful
language, and coming from so respectable a source
as the Society of Friends.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, hoped the report
of the committee would not be adopted. It had
been customary, he believed, to print these memo-
rials, and he did not see why it should now be de-
parted from. He wished one of the memorials
read, in order that the Senate might see the con-
tents.
Mr. ATHERTON hoped that if any one of the
memorials was read, it might be that from Balti-
more, as that would show whether it was such
as ought to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Adverse reports on the petitions of William
Wright, George Mayo, Richard P. Dove, M.
Sanders, William M. Porter, Daniel Homans, Na-
omi Davis, and one or two others, were considered
and concurred in.
The unfavorable report from the Committee of
Patents, made on the petition of Ross Winans,
was taken up, but was laid on the table, on motion
of Mr. Westcott, in consequence of the absence
of Mr. Cameron-.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been recommitted sundry
memorials in reference to the division of the State
of Ohio into two judicial districts, made a report,
asking to be discharged from their further consid-
eration. The report was agreed to, and the com-
mittee was discharged accordingly.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the bill from the House ^reorganize
the district courts of the United States in the State
of Alabama, reported the same without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the joint resolution relative to the
maps and charts of the surveys of the boundaries
between the United.Stales of America and foreign
States, reported the same without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of said joint resolu-
tion as in committee of the whole.
Mr. EYANS expressed his apprehensions that
an appropriation of some thousands of dollars
would be required to carry out the object of the
resolution. j
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained, that there was 1
an appropriation for this purpose inserted in the j
appropriation bill at the lastses&ion. The object j
of the resolution was approved by all the executive •
officers; and the resolution would have passed last
session but for want of time. The contingent fund
of last year would defray all the cost. It was very
important that the States which were interested
should know where their own boundaries are.
No amendment having been offered, the joint
resolution was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to a third reading. It was then read a third time,
by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. EYANS moved that the Senate take up the
private calendar.
Mr. DIX hoped the motion would be agreed to.
THAKICS TO GEN. TAYLOR AND ARMY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution submitted by Mr. Jarnagin, giving
the thanks of Congress to General Taylor and the
army, for their bravery and skill at Monterey.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to refer it to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. R. JOHNSON asked for the yeas and nays
on this motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that this joint res-
olution be laid on the table, and that the Senate
proceed to consider the joint resolution from the
House of Representatives on the same subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the joint resolution from the House, which was
read,as follows: j!
Resolved unanimously by the Senate and JIousc of Reyre- !j
sentatives of the United States of Jiviet ica in Congress asscrn- ;!
bled. That the thanks of Congress are due, and arc heieby j|
presented to Major General Zachary Taylor, anii through l|
him to the brave officers and soldiers, both of the regular jj
army and of the volunteers under his command, for their >!
courage, fortitude, and good conduct, in storming the ;j
city or Monterev, defended as it was by a force more than j
double their number, and protected by the strongest tortifi- !j
cations, which resulted iri a most brilliant victory to our ;;
army, and reflected imperishable honor upon our arms, en- j'
gagaged asit was and still is in avvai commenced and forccd i,
upon us b> Mexico, and continued by us in defence of the m
honor and viridicaiion of the just rights of the United States, 1 j
assailed as both had been by repeated and flagiant acts, on ]'
the part ol Mexico, of insult. outrages, and finally o! inva- ]
siou of one of the States of this Union: Proiidcd, That no- :
thing herein contained shall be construed into an approba- i
tion of the teniH of the capitulation of Monterey.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be !,
struck a gold medal, with device-: emblematical of thi< splen- .,
did achievement, and presented to General Taylor, as a ji
testimony of the high sense entertained by (Jongiess- for his j;
judicious and distinguished conduct on that memorable
occasion.
Revolted, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause the foregoing le-oiuuons to be eoinmum- j'
eated to General Taylor, and thiough him to the army under j,
his command. [
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to amend the resolution j
by striking out the proviso. He would state, he j
said, in very few words, his reason for making .
this motion. He was not one of those who were !j
at any time forward in returning thanks to any ii
man for doing his duty; but, when he did so, he
was not willing to present thanks with one hand
and a censure with the other. If that part of the
resolution embraced in the proviso should be retain-
ed, he would be obliged to vote against the reso-
lution itself. He was not at present prepared to
determine—for he was not a military man—nor
had he the facts before him to enable him to de-
termine, whether General Taylor did his duty in
regard to that affair or not; bui, if thanks were to
be voted to him, they should be voted in the usual
manner, and not accompanied by anything that
would imply a reflection upon his conduct. An
officer from his State, a brave and gallant officer,
was engaged in this matter, and he was not going
; to pass a vote of censure on him.
j Mr. ATCHISON said, if it were in order, he
! would move to lay this resolution on the, table, to
i be taken up when the resolution offered by the
; Senator from Tennessee came up again, so that
they might both be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
This motion was, upon a division, negatived—
! ayes 21, noes 26.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on Mr.
i Speight's motion to strike out the proviso.
Mr. SEVIER held that there was no censure
expressed in the proviso. It was calculated mere-
ly to prevent a conclusion that might be drawn if
! that proviso were not attached; to prevent the
! conclusion that Congress, in adopting the resolu-
i tion, approbated the armistice that was made at
: Monterey. It was not censuring Generaf Taylor
; at all. It was merely leaving the question free,
j so that those who were disposed to vote thanks
I could do so without expressing any opinion in
^ regard to the capitulation. He considered that
those who regarded the armistice as ill-advised and
wrong, ought not to be drawn in to express their
approbation of that which they could not sanc-
tion.
Mr. JARNAGIN remarked that there was not
a solitary word in the resolution about an armis-
tice.
Mr. SEVIER. There is about capitulation.
The resolution was again read by the Secretary.
Mr. JARNAGIN repeated that in the body of
the resolution there was not a word about an ar-
; mistice or capitulation. I~Ie perceived, however,
I that it was embraced in an amendment which had
been inserted by way of proviso, and that proviso
clearly implied a censure upon General Taylor,
which he could not consent to sanction.
Mr. SEVIER said he had no desire to censure
General Taylor. He knew him to be a gallant
officer, who had fought bravely for his country.
All that he desired was to avoid giving a vote ap-
proving of the capitulation to which he (Gen.T.)
had consented.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said that he con-
sidered the proviso an implied censure, and if it
were retained in the resolution, he could not vote
for the resolution itself.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON desired that the Senator
from Arkansas, as he had said that he disapproved
of the armistice, and that he considered it objec-
tionable, would tell them the reasons for his dis-
approval.
Mr. SEVIER said it was not his purpose to be
drawn into a discussion upon this matter with the
Senator from Delaware. He was no military man,
hut he had a right to an opinion nevertheless; and
he had merely expressed that opinion, without any
intention, upon an occasion like this, of entering
into any discussion at all upon the subject.
Mr. ARCHER said he wished to superadd to
the inquiry put by the Senator from Delaware one
other inquiry. He desired to know why the Sen-
ator was for connecting the subject of the capitu-
lation with the resolution of thanks?
Mr. SEVIER said he would tell the Senator in
one word, if he would allow him; that he found,
upon the last reading of the resolution, that it was
not contained in it, and therefore he had ceased to
say anything about it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that it seemed to
him, from the character of this resolution, that
there was a kind of feeling existing against Gen-
eral Taylor, arising, no doubt, from that sort of
party spirit which interfused itself through every-
thing, and with which all persons were more or
less imbued. A matter of this sort (he thought)
ought to be treated irrespective of party. General
Taylor, as the leader of the forces of the country,
