1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*17
soldiery, hardened by warfare, hard of heart, with
bloody hands, to murder and to pillage the inhab-
itants? General Taylor had regarded the safety
of the women and children of that city. Looking
at all the ciccumstances of the case, he (Mr. C.)
admired the gallantry and bravery displayed on
that occasion, and he gloried in the humanity
which marked the conquest. He rejoiced that all
the blood was not poured out that might have been
shed, to gain an empty name.
If this proviso was to remain, what would be
the effect on the next battle? It was fearful to
contemplate it. "Was it to be understood as the
opinion of the American Congress, that humanity,
in circumstances like those, was not deemed a vir-
tue; that when the next battle was fought, and the
next town taken, they were expected to come
red-handed from the slaughter of innocent lives;
that it was to be sacked and stormed, regardless of
our own army, and the women and children of that
city? He was not willing to be responsible for,
or to teach, any such doctrine; but he took occa- !
sion to repeat, that he honored our gallant soldiers
who fought these battles, the more for the human-
ity they exhibited in the day of victory.
General Taylor stood m such a position before
the country, that no such sideblow could affect his
reputation. He now stands firmly intrenched in
the affections of the American people. And how
had he earned that esteem ? By his own bravery,
not only in this battle, but throughout this whole
campaign, more especially in the battles of Palo
Aito and Resaca de la Palma. He looked upon
that valiant general as intrenched so deeply in the
affections of the American people, that no side-
blow there could do him ail injury. It might,
however, arouse a feeling more strongly in his
favor. He was now the people's military favorite.
He trusted they would not if they could take one
single sprig from the laurel wreath that adorns his
brow.
Mr. BUTLER said he could not be mistaken in
thinking that a resolution of thanks of this kind
should not be mingled with any foreign matter:
and with this view, he entirely concurred m the
motion that the proviso should be stricken out.
A vote of thanks should have no qualifications or
reservations attached to it. He agreed with the
Senator from Mississippi when he said that he had
no idea of holding out with one hand a mark of
approbation, grateful to the soldier's heart, and
with the other, a mark of disapprobation to-
wards a blundering general. He did not know
(hat tins reservation went so far as this; but if
there were a reservation at all, he would be com-
pelled to vote against the resolution. But he would
go further: when they had it in their ppwer in
some measure by their acts to control the future
history of the country, justice seemed to,require
that they should do nothing that would pervert
the opinion of posterity; and, above all, that they
should not form or express a judgment that would
be hereafter reversed. Now, it wns said that it
was not intended to convey a censure upon Gen-
eral Taylor. But, to a man of sensibility, though
the dagger might be wreathed with flowers, its
point would still be felt. He was not himself
prepared, as one of thi^ribunal, to consent to pass
a judgment upon the conduct of General Taylor
at this ume; neither was he prepaied to sustain
the view of those who thought that be was censu-
3 able for having agreed to the armistice. They
ought lo come to no decision upon that matter; it
ought to be left free and open for future reflection,
agisted by the proper means of information.
And, above all, he would say, (as he should vote
differently perhaps from those around him,) m re-
gard to General Taylor, the breath of party should
not be blown upon his reputation ; for, like some
of the inflammable gases, it would but make the
flame burn with the greater brilliancy.
Mr. BAG BY would not have said one word; but
inasmuch as he could not approve that capitulation,
which had been made the subject of debate, he
was unwilling to be committed to its approval.
He would say, once for all, and he said it with
entire respect for the feelings of the commanding
general—that it would take strong proof to change
his opinion on that subject. From all he had seen
and heard, and in all probability, from all he should
see and hear, he disapproved, out and out, of that
capitulation. He disapproved of it more strongly
jn view of the great object that moved the gentleman
frpm Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.] He differed ir.om
that Senator in toto regarding the humanity of that
capitulation. If the battle of Monterey had been
the last battle to be fought in the progress of this
war, then the Senator from Delaware would have
been correct. But was the war then terminated?
He saw, if the Senator from Delaware did not, in
the very terms of it, more disaster to both Mexico
and the United States, than in any other event du- '
ring the war. There was a great peculiarity in the ,
capitulation of Monterey. It was the first time in ]
which a defeated army had been permitted to pre- \
scribe the terms of capitulation. It was the first !
time, in the history of nations, or in the history of ;
warfare, that a defeated army was permitted to \
march out of a subdued city with drums beating j
and colors flying. And what was the consequence ?
What constitutes the Mexican army at this day?
It was that very army which was permitted to
retreat from Monterey after a victory the most
glorious ever recorded on the page of history.
What then did they gain by the victory? It was
said they saved a monstrous effusion of blood.
But it was preventing an effusion of blood at one
time, to occasion a greater effusion hereafter; for
they were notified that Mexican armies were else-
where preparing for the field, to drive every Ameri-
can foot-print from their soil. This resolution was
of but little consequence to General Taylor.
This thanksgiving and praise did not amount to
much to anybody. Gold medals were not the best
rewards. The consciousness of a soldier that he
had discharged his duty to a grateful country is
more of a reward than any medals or votes of
thanks.
And as to this capitulation at Monterey, it had
been passed upon by the Government of the Uni-
ted States; and were they, then, for the purpose
of bestowing an empty compliment, thus to come
in direct conflict with the Government? He con-
sidered the proviso as one of the soundest and
most essential features of the resolution. The
gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. J. M. Clayion,]
in endeavoring to avert what he called a side-blow
aimed at General Taylor, was inflicting a side-blow
in another direction.
General Taylor, it seemed, was the military fa-
vorite of the'country, as they learned from the
gentleman from Delaware. He was astonished at
this. It only showed that opinions, like the fash-
ions of the world, pass away.
He would not give a side-blow to General Tay-
lor or any other man. If he struck at all, he
would give the blow openly. But, while he would
not give General Taylor a side-blow, he would
endeavor to take care that, while screening Gen-
eral Taylor, side blows were not given in another
direction. If party was to be introduced, it was
just as proper to take care of one party as another.
If this proviso contained a censure upon General
Taylor, what would the striking it out do in refer-
ence to the Government? General Taylor en-
tered into a capitulation: the Government disap-
proved of it. Believing, as he did, that the capit-
ulation was unfortunate in its results, he would
vote cheerfully against the motion to strike it out.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had but a few words to
say after the admirable remarks of the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. BijTler] and other gen-
tlemen. The Senator from Alabama seemed to
entertain an impiession that by striking out this
proviso it would imply some censure or disappro-
bation of the President of the United States, who
disapproved of the armistice. Now, he thought <
that gentleman was unduly and unnecessarily sen- j
sitiveon that subject. He did not see how such a ij
construction could be given to it. General Taylor ||
might have had reasons, unknown to them, winch j,
induced him to make that capitulation, while on ij
the other hand the President might have had pur- n
: poses which were unknown to General luylor, *
i which would justify him in disapproving of it. j
! The conduct of both might be reconcileable; and ;
they might both be right. But if gentlemen thought ■ <
this armistice was wrong, of course gentlemen had •;
the right to express that opinion. He believed jj
those°gentlemen would examine the subject with >,
as much candor and fairness as he would. But
gentlemen mistook their position when they sup-
posed they came there to examine and cnticise {■
every circumstance attending that affair. Who i,
could say, or undertake to say, that that battle
was managed with all the military skill of a W ash-
ington or a Napoleon r fcut it was conducted with
skill enough to accomplish a great purpose and
achieve a great victory. For that the country re-
joices and we return -thanks. It was-more than
possible if a military-tribunal could be convened
of such men as Wellington, or Napoleon, or even
Taylor himself, on a retrospect of all the .attendant
circumstances, they might see many things which
they might wish had been done better, and the
American army could have acted more gloriously.
What, then, were they to return thanks for? Pop
a great victory." They were not a hypercritical
tribunal to decide where more might have been
done in less than three days and with a loss of
less lives. The army had achieved a great victory
and they were thankful for it.
He was not sufficiently acquainted with military
history, and therefore he had listened with respect-
ful attention to the Senator from Alabama, who
said there had never been an instance of a con-
quered army leaving a conquered city as the Mexi-
can army left the city of Monterey, with arms in
their hands, having dictated the terms of their ca-
pitulation. He agreed with the honorable gentle-
man. His slight reading did not furnish him with
a similar case. Nor did he know of any case
where seven thousand, eight thousand, or nine
thousand troops m good tramirg, in the heart of a
city, with cannon, and equipped and provided with
all the destructive means of warfare—a city in
which every house was a fortress—had surrender-
ed to five thousand, and agreed to march out be-
tween the files of the enemy, taking with them
nothing but their clothes and side-arms, leaving
their ammunition and all the public property be-
hind. In all his reading he did not recollect that
he had ever met with such another instance. Now
how did Santa Ana regard this? As a triumph?
Why, if all could be relied on that they heard, he
had those officers in custody, from Ampudiadown,
and they were to be tried for cowardice. It would
be a singular state of things if we should be dis-
approving of the conduct of our general for per-
mitting them to go out, and Santa Ana should be
trying his oificersfor cowardice forgoing out.
But he did not rise to enlarge on this subject.
Viewing the matter as he did—if he had entertain-
ed a different opinion—it he thought that the course
of their military men might have been better in
some respects—if he had thought that more lives
mighthave been saved—still there had been enough
done to entitle those who did it to his thanks.
That was ground enough for him. They had
shown themselves to be brave and patriotic sol-
diers; and if they had not shown such skill as
others might have shown, they had shown enough
of it, and by their skill and bravery they had ac-
complished a great purpose for the country.
General Taylor could have had no purpose feut
to serve his country in the best manner in his
power. That he had done so no one could doubt.
Pie and his army had done great things. Their
exploits, as the Senator from South Carolina had
said, were to form part of the history of this coun-
try; and the Senate was forming material to enable
others to detract from the value of those services.
They were authenticating the materials for the
historian to blemish ourmihtary glory. He hoped
it would not be done. There was enough of glory
for which to be thankful. There was enough to
praise.
The remarks of his honorable friend from Dela-
ware would save him the necessity of saying more
Thev were such as all gentlemen there concurred
in. This victory was more dear to American hearts,
because it was crowned with the wreath of humani-
ty. General Taylor had not only shown courage
and skill, but humanity also. Humanity, towards
whom? Towards women and children. It was an
armistice sanctioned both by the law of our nature
and the law of God. To have acted otherwise,
would have been to commit most sacrilegious mur-
der, for which there would have been no defence.
But thank God—and for this they should all be
grateful—this capitulation had been distinguished
not more by courage than by humanity, in saving
so many helpless people from the consequences of
a sacked city.
Mr. BAGBY explained his preceding remarks to
have been, that he had said the instances found in
history were very rare, of a defeated at my being
permitted to prescribe the terms of their capitula-
tion. The Senator did not take issue on that, but
very adroitly got out of the difficulty, by asking tf
there ever was a battle like that at Monterey, so
far as to the fighting. He (Mr. B.) doubted if
