318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
there ever was. But as the capitulation had been
discussed here, and mainly by the Senator from
Kentucky, it must, be seen at once that an issue
would be made before the country. But for this,
he should not again have opened his mouth. The
country was not asleep in regard to the propriety
of that capitulation on the one hand, and the pro-
priety of disapproving it on the other. That was
the issue, and it could not be kept from the coun-
try. The country wpuld pass upon it; and they
would have to decide one of two things: either that
the capitulation was right in itself, or that it was
wrong in itself. Entertaining the opinion that the
capitulation was wrong, he felt himself called upon
to say so. And also to say, that a large majority,
nay, three-fourths of the officers connected with
the army m Mexico, will disapprove of it; not be- j
cause it saved the effusion of blood, the sufferings j
of women and children; but for other reasons. He \
did not until the present day know that the doc-
trine was entertained here, that they were to pro-
tect women and children abroad; he thought they
were to see that there were not too many widows
and orphans made at home.
Why, suppose we should have another battle
with this very army that marched out of Monterey
with their arms in their hands, their drums beat-
ing, and their colors flying, and suppose it should
not terminate as it did before, but should make
many widows and orphans at home, he asked if
they would not then answer in the affirmative the
question, whether that might not have been avoid-
ed, if General Taylor, when he had the power, had
captured the army at Monterey. But their com-
manding general, by avoiding to make widows and
orphans in Mexico, was endangering that calamity
at home.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said: Suppose General
Taylor had captured the Mexican army at Mon-
teiey, what must he have done with them?
Mr. BAGBY said he supposed he would have
" done as they do in France," to use an old adage;
he would have paroled them. But was that the
idea—that he was not to capture the Mexican army
because he did not know what to do with them ?
Were we not to capture an army, because we
could not keep them afterwards? He supposed
they might have been placed hors du combat; taken
their arms from them, and paroled them not to
light again during the war. If this discussion had I
not connected the propriety of the capitulation with I
the passage of this resolution, he would not have !
made these remarks. i
But what now constitutes the army of Mexico? \
Why, the army of Monterey. They were the
men that were to make widows arid orphans for
us* When this question was presented, disap-
proving as he did of the capitulation, he felt bound
to present his views, but not with the view to
wound any one's feelings, but for the sake of jus-
tice on both sides of the question
It had been said, as an objection to it, that this I:
proviso was irrelevant and extraneous. But sup- "
pose it became a matter of duty hereafter to mark
the course of this war, and to inquire into the
terms of that capitulation, for which they were
lauding the commanding general of that action,
with what face could it be done, if this record were
called up ? Everybody would say, and very prop- j
erly, Why, the question was disposed of; and it j;
would be looked upon that they had passed upon i[
the battle of Monterey, with all its circumstances, !|
and that they could not go beyond it. He saw the i j
propriety of not connecting this capitulation with jj
the other circumstances; but his friend from Ar- j-
kansas f Mr. Sevier] had said that there was a!1
difference in the views of the Administration and jt
General Taylor respecting that capitulation. He, V
too, had seen a letter purporting to have been writ-
ten by General Taylor himself, m which he says, ji
emphatically, that the Government at Washington li
disapproved of the terms of that capitulation. ||
There was, therefore, no concealment on the sub- jj
ject. It was not only published to the American ij
people, but to Mexico and to the world, that there
was a conflict here as to the terms of that capitu-
lation.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
had manifested much zeal in the cause in which
he had here embarked. He had the sacred cause
of humanity to sustain him. But to what were
they liable by a continuance of this war? Were
not their children liable to be made orphans by
this war? The Senator from Kentucky had said
that the feelings of humanity which prompted the !
course of General Taylor were those that should j
be cherished by every one; but he avowed, as a j
Christian, that he would rather save the life of one (
American than forty Mexicans. He knew that jj
war was very unchristian, but it was one of those j:
things to which frail humanity was suhject to par-
take in; and, being engaged m it, he had no idea j;
of olive branches ill one hand and steel in the ij
other. If war must come, it must be victory or
death. He believed that this war would now have j;
been at an end, but for that unfortunate capitu- j,
lation. Ij
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON would not say that the
honorable gentleman from Alabama spoke ex ca-
thedra; but it was suipnsing that in the course of
his remarkshe should press1 on them what he called
"an issue"—an issue which was to be tried, and
tried before the country. Now, he did not know
that it ever would be necessary to present such an
issue before the country. However that might be,
he hoped the gentleman would not introduce any-
thing of the sort here. They had nothing to do
with it. He had put the question to the Senator
from Alabama, what would be done with the Mex-
ican army if, instead of the capitulation, General
Taylor had made them prisoners of war; and the
gentleman answered, he would parole them—he
would let them loose on their promise. Now, he
asked the Senator from Alabama if he did not
believe they would have immediately joined the
standard of Santa Ana, where it wpuld have been
impossible to recognise them. It was idle to talk
about paroling eight or nine thousand men in the
enemy's country. But gentlemen thought Gen-
eral Taylor should have gone on and stormed the
plaza, and then proceeded to storm the forts which
were at short distances, to which the Mexican
troops could letire, and which they must take be-
fore they could hold the city and capture the army.
Why, General Taylor told them that it would have
taken twenty or twenty-five days to carry the fort;
and would any Senator tell him that the command-
ing general, with but three days' provisions, could,
under such circumstances, prudently and properly,
have refused the capitulation of nine thousand men,
when he had but live thousand, for the purpose ot
paroling them ? If he had, he might not have ob-
tained a capitulation at all.
He would not protract the debate on this ques-
tion, but he earnestly hoped they would be able to
vote, on both sides of the Chambei, without refer-
ence to party interests. Their army was made up
of all parties; and the only question with them was
who was an American citizen? Could they not,
then, free themselves from the shackles ot party
feeling when the question was upon the passage of
a lesolution of thanks to those brave and gallant
soldiers ?
Mr. WEBSTER rose but to say a very few
words. But he regretted exceedingly that when
they were about to tender a tribute of lespect to a j
military man abroad, anything should occur, or be !
proposed to be mixed up with that, winch should !
break up their entire unanimity. To be valued. 1
this tribute of respect must be unanimously be- >
stowed. It must appear to flow from a general ;
sense of what was due to the occasion and due to j
the officer. And always, so far as he knew or '
remembered the history of this Government, the I
thanks of Congress had been tendered, when they ;
had been tendered at all to military men, by dis- '
tmct propositions, fiee and clear from all other con- '
siderations whatever. The propriety, the grace- |
fulness belonging to the occasion,requiredit. Now,
he had in his hand the resolution which passed j
this body last year. It was m these words: ;
"That the thanks of Congies  aic due and are heieby |<
tendered to Majoi (ieneraJ Zachan T:iyh,r, Ins officer-, arid ,;
men, tor tiie louitude, skill, emerpnse, ana com age winch ij
distinguished the late bnlUant miiitar) opeiatioits upon Uie J
Rto Giande."' ;|
He should propose to take that resolution in its
very words, and to adopt it as an amendment to
the resolution before the Senate, and pass it, and
make it a real and substantial tribute of respect to
General Taylor and the army.
He had only further to say that he could vote
for no resolution which, in the present state of
things, had a sting in it on General Taylor's con-
duct, or which left any doubt or hesitation. He
wished to leave out every subject about which
there was a difference of opinion, about which
there was a doubt; and on the other hand he really
did not suppose that gentlemen could have contem-
plated the tender of the thanks of Congress to Gen-
eral Taylor in a manner to be acceptable to him—
that is, in a manner to be expressive of the unani-
mous consent of Congress—with such provisions
as were inserted there by way of preamble, recital,
or dissertation on the Mexican war. Now he
should vote for nothing that recites or discusses
the merits of this Mexican war. General Taylor
could be under no mistake about that. If he with-
held his vote, as he should, from the resolutions in
their present shape, there was not an officer or sol-
dier in that war that could read that would not
understand him. When they were about to do an
act of a generous character—when they were about
to unite m grateful homage to bravery—was it gen-
erous, was it manly, to set traps, by way of pre-
amble and recital, to screw out of gentlemen opin-
ions which they do not perhaps entertain, and if
they did, do not think this a proper occasion to
express them? No. Why should they not act
with the liberality and generosity that became
them? Why should they not give to General
Taylor and his brave army the thanks that were
due to them, in the ordinary phraseology in which
the thanks of Congress were expressed ? Why
should they put anything in it that might in any
degree producc reluctance in any one who was to
vote for it, or in any degree mitigate the sense of
gratification with which those in whose honor
it was to pass should receive and greet it. He was
for a clear unembarrassed vote of thanks, such as
it would be honorable for Congress to give and the
army to recive; and if he could not get a chance to
vote for that, he should vote against any such res-
olution as that now before the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN said he should vote to strike
out this proviso, and he would briefly stale his
grounds for doing so. He would do so, in the
first place, upon the ground which had been stated
by his honorable colleague, as a mere matter of
taste and propriety; and, in addition to that, he
would vote for striking it out because he consider-
ed that a vote of thanks, when accompanied by
the slightest censure, was entirely cancelled. He
would vote for striking it out because, to his mind,
there was a palpable contradiction between giving
a vote of thanks and a medal to General Taylor
and the army, and the exception by which those
thanks and that medal were accompanied.
If the exception, if the capitulation itself to
which the exception referred, constituted a part of
the battle, then, according to the conception of
those gentlemen who entertained this idea, they
ought not to vote for a medal at all. If it did not
constitute a part of the battle, why should that
which was irrelevant be made a part of the resolu-
tion ? The naked question was this: Was the
battle of Monterey such a one as deserved that
the thanks of Congress and a medal should be be-
stowed ? If it were, let them be granted, and
granted unanimously, without condition; and if it
were not, let both be withheld.
Mr. BAGBY said those who voted for the medal
voted it for that of which they all approved. But
if he were called upon to express his views of the
capitulation, and to vote a medal to Geneial Tay-
lor, or any other officer, ror having made that ca-
pitulation, he had no hesitation m saying he should
vote against it. He wished to reward General
Taylor with a medal for that which he believed to
be meritorious; but he would neither give thanks
nor a medal for that which he condemned. If the
views of the Senator fiom South Carolina were
correct, and the capitulation was a part of the bat-
tle of Monterey, he would vote against the whole
of it. But he understood the capitulation to be
entirely distinct, and he supposed they were called
upon to reward General Taylor as far as they ap-
proved of his conduct. If he were to bestow this
praise he would go for the resolution of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts; but this proviso had been
connected with this subject, and hence he had
stated of what part he approved and what part he
disapproved,
Mr. CALHOUN corrected a misunderstanding
of his position in which the Senator from Alabama
had fallen.
Mr. WEBSTER said he certainly supposed
that, in one point of view, the arrangement for the
armistice and capitulation might be considered as
part of the military operations at Monterey, though
they were not absolutely connected with the feats
of arms performed at that place; and he supposed
