THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
session, but which had not finally passed for want
of time.
The motion having been agreed to,
The Senate proceeded to the consideiation of a
bill to amend an act confirming certain land claims
in the State of Michigan.
Also, a bill for the relief of Shadrach Gillett and
otheis.
And the said bills were considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, and no amendment being
offered, were reported to the Senate, read a third
time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the Indian Department.
The bill being under consideration, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the amendment reported from
the Committee on Finance was concurred in.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to amend the bill, by
adding, after the 30th line, in the '2d section:
"For interest upon sixty thousand dollars, borrowed by
the Cherokee delegations in Washington city m the month
of August last, winch should have been advanced to them
by the United States, under the tieaty of 3846 with the
Cherokee nauon, one thousand eight hundred dollars, or so
much thereof as may be needed.
Mr. JARNAGIN briefly explained that the ap-
propriation introduced at the last session to carry
into effect the Cherokee treaty having failed at the
last moment, in consequence of the Speaker's sig-
nature to the bill not being affixed, it became neces-
sary to raise funds to meet the wants of'the In-
dians. Under the authority of the Secretary of
War, a loan of $50,000 was negotiated. It was
not just that the interest which had become due
on this loan should be paid by the Indians; and,
to prevent this, he had proposed this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he had another amend-
ment to propose, the object of which was to reim-
burse to certain individuals whose services in
bringing together the different parties of the Cher-
okee Indians, and thus facilitating the ultimate
settlement of their differences, had been very
beneficial to the Government. They were indi-
viduals not regularly belonging to the delegation,
not authorized by the Cherokee nation or by the
Government, but their influence had been exerted
in a way beneficial to the United States, and by
their intervention the Indians had been brought to-
gether, and a settlement effected. These individu-
als were now in Washington, having been detain-
ed here since last winter for want of funds to en-
able them to return home. He then moved further
to amend the bill, by inserting after the preceding
amendment, the following:
" To Walter S. Adair, .$'150; to Thomas F. Taylor, $4.")0;
and to William L. Holt, $800; to defray their expenses in
visiting Washington city, Ia->t winter, in an honorable effort
to reconcile the different parties in the Cherokee nation."
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he understood that
this amendment pr6posed to pay persons not regu-
larly attached to the delegation, for services not
authorized by the Government m the Cherokee
nation. They were individuals who had come on
to Washington on their own account. A provision
of this character appeared to him to be perfectly
novel. Before he could vote for such an appro-
priation, he would wish to have some information
from the department; and until that could be ob-
tained he hoped this allowance would not be in-
serted in the appropriation bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT wished to know of the Senator
from Tennessee if this amendment was proposed
as from the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Mr. JARNAGIN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. SPEIGHT. Well, then, I hope it will not
be put in the bill, without being referred to the
Committee on Finance. Let it go there and be
examined. He hoped it would not be passed now.
Mr. JARNAGIN said there could be no infor-
mation from the department on this subject, be-
cause these individuals did not regularly belong to
the Indian delegation. He had himself usually
voted against paying individuals who acted with-
out proper authority. But he regarded this as a
21
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1847.
case which should be an exception. These per-
sons had performed important services in assist-
ing to reconcile the contending parties among the
Indians. He desired to recall the facts to the recol-
lection of the Senate. A delegation had been sent
here by that portion of the Cherokees known as
the Old Settlers, and they were here about nine
months. Another delegation was sent on by what
was called the Treaty party. All these had been
provided for. In the course of the proceedings, it
appeared impracticable to bring these opposing
parties together. It was in this state of things that
these three individuals interposed their aid, by
means of which the parties were brought together,
the differences reconciled, and the business was
brought to a conclusion. The expenses of these
men amounted to about four hundred and fifty dol-
lars. They came here to induce the Indians to
make an amicable airangement, and they eflccted
this object. The question now was, whether they
should receive the money they had expended i-n
this business or not? They were the main instru-
ments'in obtaining the treaty of 1846. Persons
had, in other cases, been paid, who came here
without any authority, and these individuals were
as deserving of remuneration as any agents,
whether regular or irregular.
Mr. ATCHISON understood that these persons
had come on without authority. Were they, then,
to be made an exception to the general rule ? There
were many such persons—many volunteers, who
had been in the habit of coming on here year after
year, and in all cases wh^re they had put in claims
on the Government, the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs had uniformly reported against them. Would
the Senate now vote to place these volunteer gen-
tlemen, who had come here to further their own
objects, on the footing of regular agents ? Would
you pay their demands when you have rejected all
others of a similar character' This matter can
only be settled as it has been done in like cases
heretofore.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that the Senatorfrom
Missouri had stated some facts which were con-
clusive, in showing that this provision ought not
to be inserted in this or any other bill. It ought
not to receive the sanction of the Senate before it
had been subjected to the examination of a com-
mittee.
The question was then taken, and the amend- jj
ment was negatived. _ '
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend by inserting ! i
after line thirty-four of the second section, the fol- jj
lowing: ]\
"For defraying expenses in relntion to the Seminole In- !'
dians yet remaining in Floiida, and for the further execution : j
of the'treaty therewith, and to prevent disturbances with |j
said Indians, five thousand dollars.'' m
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that the Legislature of jj
Florida had adopted a resolution asking an appro-
priation for the relief of these Seminole Indians,
who had recently manifested symptoms of a mis- [\
chievous intention. The Commissioner had made >i
a report on the subject, and the documents were in :|
the possession of the Senate. To that the chair- !;
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs could jl
testify. It was not proposed to adopt any hostile jj
measures towards these Indians. Last year there ji
had been a violent tornado, by which the whole of j'
their lands had been submerged, their crops de- I.
stroyed, and their prospects of subsistence so
blighted that in a few weeks they will be in a state
of starvation, and then bloodshed must be expect- j.
ed. Looking at the correspondence of the depart-
ment, he saw that it was intended to send a dele- j'
gation, but it had not been sent. Under the treaty ; ■
of Payne's Landing, a sum of money was stipu- !.
lated to be paid to them, which had not been paid. !!
They were still residing on their lands, in viola- ;
tion of the treaty. j1
Mr. SPEIGHT said it would be seen, that al-
though this amendment had been drawn in the «:
usual style of provisions to carry out a treaty, the
Senator had candidly avowed it to be for the sub- j1
sistence of Indians who were remaining in the jj
Territory in violation of a treaty. In a spirit of ij
humanity, the Senator, to his credit, comes for- J
New Series No. 21.
ward, and complains that they are in a state of
starvation. But even if so, this was not the fault
of the Government, which has been at all times
ready to make the arrangement for their removal.
They would not go, it appeared; they determined
to remain where they were, and a tornado had
swept away their crops. This is the very worst
time that such an application could be made to
the Government. We were in the midst of an ex-
pensive war, all our means were demanded to carry
it on; and now we were asked to give five thou-
sand dollars to sustain a tribe of hostile Indians.
He (iVlr, S.) hoped the amendment would not be
adopted.
Mr. SEVIER rose to move a postponement of
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row. The chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs had just received from the department a
communication requiring the insertion in the bill
! of appropriations to carry into effect some Indian
' treaties recently made. It would be necessary for
; the committee to have time to look into this com-
munication; and therefore lie would move that the
! further consideration of the bill be postponed till
! to-morrow.
j The motion being agieed to, the bill wasaccord-
j ingly postponed.
| Mr. SEVIER then called for the special order,
j THREE MILLION BILL.
j The Senate then took up for consideration the
| biil making additional appropriations for bringing
l the war with Mexico to a speedy and amicable
j termination.
Mr. BADGER expressed a hope that no objec-
| tion would be made to let this bill lie over till' to-
j morrow. An amendment had been laid on the
table by the Senator from Georgia, and he desired
, to be heard in explanation of his object. From
circumstances within his own observation, he
! (Mr. B.) well knew that the Senator from Georgia
j had not been able to prepare himself to go on with
\ the discussion at this time. And he would assure
the Senator from Arkansas that, in asking for this
! postponement, there was not the slightest intention
; on this side of the Senate to cause any unnecessary
1 delay in the action on this bill.
Mr. SEVIER replied, that he had reported this
' bill on the 19th of last month; that he had subse-
j quently given notice that he should ask the Senate
I to consider it as soon as the army bill was disposed
of. On Tuesday he had called it up, in pursuance
of that notice. He had then consented to its post-
ponement until to-day. He had therefore done
his duty. If there was to be a long debate, as
seemed to be intended by Senators on the other
side, he could not give his consent to any further
postponement.
Mr. ARCHER said, that according to his own
showing, the Senator from Arkansas ought not to
oppose the motion to postpone. That Senator
thought the army bill of so much importance as to
require the first action of the Senate. Now, as the
army bill had been just returned from the House
with amendments, he hoped the Senator would
allow these amendments to be acted on, and per-
mit this bill to stand over until to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIER- said that the amendments to the
army bill were of a character which would render
it necessary to lecommit the bill.
Mr. BADGER, reminded the Senator from Ar-
kansas that he had made one mistake in his state-
ment. The Senator did not consent to the post-
ponement of the bill on Tuesday. If he recollected
right, the yeas and nays were taken on'the ques-
tion. He hoped, therefore, the Senator would now
do what he ought then to have done, and what he
supposed he did do.
Mr. SEVIER said he had consented to a post-
ponement until the next day. If the Senate now
decided to allow any further postponement, he
should submit. He had done his duty.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that the honorable
Senator had discharged his duty by bringing the
bili to the attention of the Senate, and he really
hoped that he would not object to extend an act of
courtesy which it was always usual for the Senate
