1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
upon the three million bill, and then hurl your
anathemas at me for telling them that it takes two-
thirds to get it before this House in any other way,
and that the request has thus been made and de-
nied. It is his course, sir, if anybody's, that fans
the embers of Abolition, and lights that fire of in-
dignation that, in its race, after its originators, has
broken down the Democracy in so many free
States of this Union, because they attempted to
stop it.
But he says that I "lugged into the discussion
the river and harbor bill."
Here is another of the counts in this bill of in-
dictment against me; intended quite as much,
however, to kill off all the distinguished statesmen
who stand prominent in the Democratic party as
candidates for the next Presidency as to injure
me; for all who know my constituents know that
the more I work for this the better shall I suit
them. All these statesmen are commuted as
strongly to the Jackson doctrine of harbor im-
provements as I am. But these men are to be
killed off by a pretended stab at me.
But I " lugged in" also " the French spoliation
bill." My allusion to the French spoliation bill
was very slight, merely to show that those who
bolted on that were as much entitled to be read out
of the party as those who bolted upon tea and
coffee.
But now comes another charge. He proceeded
" to parade himself through his hour, before the
House, as at once an apostate from his own party.''
An apostate from his party 1 Ah! who talks of
this? "An apostate!" Touch not that word,
Thomas Ritchie! Could you have but one prayer,
and could that be answered, you would pray high
IJeaven to expunge that word from the English
vocabulary. There was once a crisis m the Dem-
ocratic party, when men in high places faltered,
and political treachery stalked throughout our land.
At that time, one of my colleagues and myself—he
on the stump, as a candidate for Congress, and I
at the head of a public press—both of us as poor
as poverty—were battling against the Whigs and
that mass of political rottenness, the old Conserva-
tive party. Where then was Thomas Ritchie, the
man who*now sets himself up as the standard, the
Procrustes of Democracy ? Who then gave " aid
and comfort to the enemy ?" Every Whig orator
and every Whig newspaper—every bank presi-
dent, cashier, teller, stockholder, and debtor—was
quoting Thomas Ritchie. My colleague lost his
election by five votes out of about forty thousand.
How much the Richmond Enquirer contributed
towards it, there is but one opinion in our State.
This man cannot touch my political integrity so
long as the poll-books of the past are preserved,
and 1 will let them speak as decidedly for the fu-
ture.
I am to be read out of the Democratic party,
am 1? I shall not go nut, [laughter;] and I shall
esteem myself as most fortunate if I shall be able
so to manage as to keep Ritchie in when the next
election shall come on, if there shall be a prospect
that the loaves and fishes will be on the other side.
He has impeached my standing generally, and
perhaps to such success that I could not impair
his if I tried. At any rate, I have no desire to at-
tempt anything of the kind. Greater men, men
who know him better than I do, have expressed ;
their opinion. What said John Randolph ? What!
said William Duane, through his Aurora? What :
said General Jackson, when he heard of his being ;
appointed editor of the Union, in his letter to Mr. i
Blair, the last letter of his life, and which now is [
buried under the corner-stone of Jackson Hall ?
John C. Rives's speech quoting it was suppressed j
by request, but there are copies of it. Does this |
man, who " deprecated General Jackson's election |
as a curse to this country," who said the old hero
was " too little of a statesman;" who called him
" a gentleman who could not interpret the plain
expression of one law,"think he can read me out
of the party? No villifier of Andrew Jackson's
character, like him, need shake his gory locks at
me.
The President recommended alieutenantgeneral.
Distinguished Virginians and other Southern states-
men go against the proposition. But there are no
anathemas for them; for the very good reason that
he knows that they know him, and were known,
he is harmless. At a late election in Virginia, a
distinguished section of the Democratic party are
aided by the whole Whig force to defeat the choice
of the Democrats for United States Senator. Of
this defection in his own State and in high places,
why says he not one word ?
Mr. Ritchie says further, that I " paraded my-
self through my hour before the House" '* as the
butt of the Opposition." Well, sir, the editor, in
these remarks, only places me in my old posi-
tion. Yet., it is odd enough that while with one
breath he reads me out of the Democratic party
because I have been courting the Whigs and going
over to their side, in the next breath he denounces
me as the butt of their attacks. But his consis-
tency is his affair, not mine. Yet what he says is
nothing new to me when he calls me the butt of
the Whig party. I have always been their butt;
and so long as I speak and act straightforward in
the tracks of the Democratic party, I always ex-
pect to be. That charge has no terrors for me. I
had rather be the butt of the Whigs than the pet
of the rottenest party that ever lived, viz: the Con-
servatives.
But this very courteous gentleman proceeds next
to say: "The opinions and denunciations of such
a man, upon such a question, are if possible, of
less importance even than the ridiculous pretences
upon which he endeavored to found them. The
notice he has paid my remarks shows that he con-
siders them of some importance; and I shall thank
him for his kindness in thus attacking me, if this
attack shall only cause my speech to be generally
read, so that I may be heard as well as himself.
There must have been something m those remarks
unusual, or they would not have caused such
" ado," as he pretends,"*' about nothing."
" His speech at least explained one point very el early. It
showed fully the reasons why ho has failed to acquire the
slightest consideration in the House."
Granting his position, yet still those who live in
glass houses should not throw stones. This House
has not officially expressed any opinion of me. I
ask Thomas Ritchie to show me one of his pre-
decessors in the vocation of public printer and
conductor of the Executive press who has ever
been treated so badly as he has. Instead of at-
tacking and denouncing me, the best thing he can
do is rather to pat me on the back and express his
sympathy with me as a companion in tribulation;
and the best thing 1 can do is to seek his company,
if this House shall ever treat me as badly as it
had treated Mr. Ritchie. I express no opinion as
to how far this treatment was merited. When
this man undertakes to administer a flagellation to
a citizen of Illinois, he may perhaps feel himself
stronger than if he was attacking a man of the
South, where he is best known. But this is a
vain supposition. And this work is not what he
was brought here for. He was brought here to
do what Blair & Rives scorned to do, and what
he is the only man of his talents in the United
Stntes would consent to do.
Mr. W. having concluded—
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution in the usual
terms, providing that all debate in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill should terminate
to-morrow at twelve noon.
And Mr. McKAY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered and the resolution was adopted. ,
Whereupon the House, on motion of Mr. Mc-
KAY, resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hungerford, of
New York, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government.
Mr. SEVERANCE was entitled to the floor,
and addressed the committee geneiallv on the sub-
ject of the Mexican war. [This speech will appear
'in the Appendix.] _ .
Mr. CATHCART said, as in Committee of the
Whole on the stale of the Union, they were per-
mitted to speak on every subject, he trusted it
would not he considered out of order to make a
few remarks, which he would have preferred to
have deliveied last session upon the President's
veto message of the river and harbor bill. [A
laugh ] The House had now before them a river
and harbor hill, and what lie might say on this bill
which now slept in the tomb of the Capulets, might
have a direct bearing upon the bill upon which he
hoped they would be called soon to act.
Another reason he had in speaking upon it was,
that the implication had been thrown out that
those who voted for that bill were stepping aside
from or trampling upon the doctrines of the Dem-
ocratic party. He was disposed to vindicate his
consistency as an old-fashioned Jackson Democrat
in voting for it. He was far from wishing any
President to sanction a bill, the clauses of whlch-he
could not approve. He was, however, taken com-
pletely by surprise, when during the last session
Mr. Polk returned this river and harbor bill with a
veto message. Mr. C. proceeded to furnish some
of the reasons for this surprise.
We had no public, authorized, mode (he said)
of ascertaining what the opinions of the President
were, except from his action and opinions left on
record as a Representative on this floor. He re-
ferred to the report made by Mr. Polk in the House
of Representatives on the subject of internal im-
provements, in which he [Mr. P.] took strong
grounds against the system. But on looking into
that report, the words " rivers and harbors" were*
not found. It was composed principally of ex-
tracts from the messages of previous Presidents,
and especially those of Andrew Jackson. He
thought he might say, without being accused of
disrespect for its author, that that report of Mr.
Polk was merely an echo of Andrew Jackson's
opinions on the subject of internal improvements.
The Jackson party were opposed to the system of
internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, But what constituted this system? He
referred to the latitudmous construction that had
been placed upon it, and related a humorous anec-
dote illustrative of it; but discarding so broad a
latitude, he considered the system to which Gen-
eral Jackson and his party were opposed, was that
of building canals, railroads, turnpikes, &c.; but
not everything which could, by possibility, be
termed internal improvements. Upon examining
the bill vetoed by Mr. Polk, it was found not to
be more comprehensive than bills which were
signed by Andrew Jackson; and General Jackson -
had been his (Mr. C.'s) model of a Democrat, a
Republican; and he was good enough for him, and
had been consideied good enough for the Demo-
cratic party in Indiana. There were forty-three
items in this vetoed bill, thirty of which had re-
ceived the sanction of General Jackson; and among
these thirty were included all those to which the
strongest objections had been urged before this
House and the country. The remaining thirteen
had not been signed by General Jackson, because
the circumstances of the country did not then re-
quire them, and they were not presented to him>
but would doubtless have received his sanction
under present circumstances. There were forty-
three items in the vetoed bill. In one session Gen-
eral Jackson approved eighty-nine items of this
kind: indeed, throughout his whole Administra-
tion, he was most liberal on this subject; and he
was the last man who believed that Andrew Jack-
son would ever have approved what he believed
unconstitutional appropriations.
Another reason: Mr. Polk was elected by the
eratid rally of the old Jackson party. Those who
had separated from them in 1840 came back to the
same poll in 1844. And Mr. C. had supposed
that the man then brought into power would have
walked in the footsteps of his illustrious predeces-
sor, and was much disappointed when he con-
ceived it not consistent with his views of the Con-
stitution to do so.
Advancing to a brief consideration of the cjues-
tion of constitutional power to improve harbors
and rivers, Mr. C. contended that it stood on the
i provision of the Constitution from which,' and
1 from which only, the power to eiect light-houses,
buoys, beacons, &c., was derived, viz: The power
of Congress to regulate foreign and domestic com-
meree;*and that this power to regulate was synony-
mous with the power to facilitate commerce, he re-
ferred as authority to the report of Mr. Calhoun,
on the Memphis Convention. The power of Con-
gress over rivers and harbors was as clearly den-
vable from this clause of the Constitution, as the
power to erect light-houses, buoys, beacons, &c.
Thev stood on precisely the same ground. J. he
power of Congress over both must be disclaimed
in Mo, or must be admitted. And it had come
now generally to be admitted; scarcely one-fourth
of the members of the House would question it.
He did not wish to be misunderstood as m favor
of a latitudinous construction of the Constitution
on the subject of internal improvements He was
opposed to such works as were not clearly justified
