1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
Mr. BAGBY said that he had yesterday received
a communication from the Indian bureau, suggest-
ing certain amendments, in conformity with ac-
companying estimates. He had submitted these
amendments to the Committee of Finance, and he
now asked the chairman of that committee if these
amendments are included?
Mr. SPEIGHT. They are all included.
. The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments—
Mr. SPEIGHT asked the amendment adopted
on motion of Mr. J arkagin", in the following words,
to be excepted and acted on separately:
" For interest upon $50,000, borrowed by the Cherokee
delegations in Washington city, in the month of Augustiast,
which should have been advanced to them by the United
States, under the treaty of 1846 with the Cherokee nation,
$1,800, or so much thereof as may be needed."
The question was then taken on the other amend-
ments, and they were concurred in.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Jarnagin—
Mr. SPEIGHT stated his rpasons for opposing
this amendment. There had been no report from
the department showing that any appropriation
was necessary for the object in question. The
Government was at all times ready to perform its
treaty stipulations. He wished this amendment
to be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
fur examination before it was adopted by the Sen-
ate. It was now~ submitted on the sole responsi-
bility of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. JARNAGIN restated what he had before
said in favor of the amendment. The appropria-
tion for the Cherokees had failed last session for
want of the signature of the Speaker, and the dele-
gation was left without the means to fulfil its en-
gagemen ts. He had been applied to by members of
the delegation to obtain means for them; and for
that purpose he remained here some days after the
ad journment, and saw the Secretary of War on the
subject. The matter was then spoken of, and it
was suggested that an arrangement might be made
with Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs. It was then
agreed, that every member of the delegation should
give his note; which notes were endorsed by the
Secretary of War. Interest had become due on
these notes. It had accrued in consequence of the
failure of the United States to advance the money
they were bound to pay by the treaty. And the
question now was, whether the Indians were to be
compelled to pay this interest? We had had the
money belonging1 to the Indians in our hands from
that day to this; and on every principle of common
honesty we are bound to pay this interest. That
this interest had accrued was no fault of the In-
dians. We had used the money, and were bound
in justice to pay the interest.
Mr, HUNTINGTON considered that there
were several reasons why this amendment should
not be adopted. The treaty made no provision for
the payment of this fifty thousand dollars; and the
Senator from Tennessee proposed to pay interest
on money paid without the authority of the treaty.
He objected to this because there was no statement
of this kind from the Department, or from any
responsible officer of the Government. We were
not in the hahit of appropriating money in the ab-
sence of such communications. Again, he knew
of no instance in which the Government had paid
interest on appropriations which had not become a
law. It was a new principle which was assumed,
when it was contended that the Indians might bor-
row money on their own authority, and require the
United States to pay the interest. He was not pre-
pared to do this It was not the practice of the Gov-
ernment, although there might have been cases in
which it was done. But there was not the slightest
ground for it in this case. The Government ought
not to adopt a rule under which money should be
paid without competent authority.
Mr. JARNAGIN briefly replied.
Mr. EVANS did not see how this question could
have arisen. It was surely time enough to provide
for the payment of interest when it was demanded.
The Secretary of War had not asked for this in-
terest; the Indians had not; and Messrs. Corcoran
& Riggs had not. When, then, was this appro-
priation asked for? The Indians went to the Sec-
retary of War, the Secretary went to one of the
Government depositories and got the money.
When the Secretary goes to a depository, and finds
that a demand for interest stands against the Gov-
ernment, it will be time enough to consider the
matter. When the Indians are charged with it,
we can discharge them.
The question was then taken on concurring in
this amendment, and was decided in the negative.
Mr. JARNAGIN then offered the following
amendment, which had been offered by him in
committee of the whole yesterday, and disagreed
to; which was decided in the negative:
" To Walter S. Adair, $450; to Thomas F. Taylor, f450;
and to William L. Holt, $800; to defray their expenses in
visiting Washington city, last winter, in an honorable effort
to reconcile the different parties in the Cherokee nation."
Mr. BAGBY moved to amend the bill byadding
at the end of it an appropriation of six thousand
dollars, to pay the salaries of the commissioners
under the Cherokee treaty of 1835-'6.,
On this proposition there was a brief discussion,
in which Messrs. R. JOHNSON, JARNAGIN,
BAGBY, EVANS, and WESTCOTT, said a few
words; when the question was taken, and the
amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, after the engrossment of the amendments,
and having been read a third time, was passed and
sent to the House of Repiesentatives.
THREE MILLION BILL.
Mr. SEVIER moved to proceed to the consider-
ation of the special order, being the bill making
further appropriation to bring the war with Mexi-
co to a speedy and honorable conclusion; which
motion having been agreed to—
Mr. BERRIEN said he had come to the Senate
yesterday in the expectation that it might, but in
the hope that it would not, be necessary for him
to engage in the discussion of this measure at that
time. Circumstances beyond his control had de-
prived him of the opportunity of making some
references which he desired to make; and he was
also suffering from indisposition, which would have
rendered it exceedingly inconvenient for him to
have been obliged to proceed with the remarks
which he proposed to make in reference to this bill
at that liine. He was unwilling, however, from
any mere personal considerations, to ask for a
postponement of the bill; for he was admonished
by the urgency exhibited by the honorable Sena-
tor from Arkansas, who, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, had charge of the bill,
what would be the fate of such an appeal so far as
depended on him. He was unwilling, by any ac-
tion of his, to subject to discussion a question of
personal courtesy to himself, with the knowledge
that any one Senator would be opposed to its al-
lowance. His friends around him thought differ-
ently, however, and he acquiesced in their decision.
He had to thank them for the feeling which prompt-
ed them to propose the postponement, and he beg-
ged also to offer to the Senate his acknowledgments
for the manner in which the proposition had been
received.
I now turn (said Mr. B.) to the consideration
of this bill. Sir, the bill which is before you pro-
poses an appropriation of $3,000,000, or rather not
exceeding $3,000,000, for the purpose of defraying
any extraordinary expenses which may be incur-
red in bringing the existing war with Mexico to a
speedy and honorable conclusion. Now, sir, with*
a view of bringing this war to a speedy and hon-
orable conclusion, we have already authorized the
President of the United States to raise an army of
; upwards of seventy thousand men; and, in addi-
i tion to the ordinary revenue of the Government,
i we have placed at his disposal twenty-eight mil-
1 lions of money; and now it is asked that we shall
I make an appropriation of three millions of dollars
for the purpose specified in this bill, to be applied
under the sole discretion and control of the Presi-
dent; and we are asked, with an apparent confi-
dence that the request will be complied with, to
let this bill pass without debate or discussion, re-
serving for some other occasion the examination
i of those interesting questions which present them-
! selves to the mind of every Senator at the moment
| when this proposition is made. For myself, I cer-
1 tainly cannot consent; the feelings, the wishes, the
just expectations of the American people, combine
to forbid it. They desire to know—they have a
right to know, as far as wc are informed—what is
their condition in relation to this foreign Power
with which we are at war. They fcave a right to
know, as far as we have the means of informing
them, what expectation they m^y entertain of a
termination of the conflict in which they have been
so unexpectedly involved. Sir, in May last, with-
out any premonition, without any expectation on
the part of the American people of such a result,
you were suddenly roused by the intelligence that
hostilities had commenced between the American
and the Mexican armies. These hostilities had
been brought about by military movements made
in consequence of orders emanating from the com-
mander-in-chief of the American army. In the
first moment of excitement, produced by the intel-
ligence that hostilities had been commenced, Con-
gress recognised the existence of the war, and made
provision for its vigorous prosecution. Every de-
mand that was made by the President, with a soli-
tary exception, has been acquiesced in. He has
been furnished with the means which he has
deemed necessary for the prosecution of this war,
and our gallant army has nobly sustained the honor
of the American name. Wherever our standard
has been unfurled—wherever the stars and the
stripes which emblazon it have been given to the
breese—the honor of the American name has been
vindicated. That army is now in the heart of
Mexico; it has, in the phraseology of the day,
covered itself with glory as with a mantle. If the
military fame of our army were a thing of which
we were not before certain, they have won it for
themselves. They have triumphed over superior
numbers, and Mexico stands now beaten, stricken
down by an army inferior in numbers, rebuked in
the heart of her own territory. If it be this glory
of which we are in search, we have won it. We
are in the heart of Mexico with forces which she
shuns to meet.
But what have we done? How, by the advance
of the army, have we advanced the interests of the
country? How have we advanced that honor of
the possession of which we were not certain, but
for which the war was entered upon ? Who, that
witnesses the actual posture of our affairs, is able
to tell how much nearer we are to the termination
of this war than when we entered it? Sir, I be-
lieve that this war may be terminated. I believe
that it may be terminated by a course consistent
with the honor of the American nation. I believe
that it may be terminated by a course which shall
not only consist with our interest, but which shall
place us in that elevated position which, as the
first free nation of the world, we ought to occupy
in the eyes of the civilized world. I have asked
howmuch honorshall we have attained atthetermi-
nation of this war by all the victories we have won?
Who does not know that the effect of our military
operations has been to unite and to animate a dis-
tracted people; and that at this moment a determi-
nation for resistance on the part of Mexico is more
fixed, more resolute, than at any former moment?
On what was that determination founded? Whence
did it originate? It was, in his opinion, the deter-
mination of despair. It was the result of that des-
peration to which the Mexican Government were
reduced by their belief of the exorbitance of our
demands. He would take from them this motive
to resist; he would take it from them, not by a re-
newal of overtures of peace which they had disre-
garded, but he would take it from them by a dec-
laration of the opinion and feelings of the American
Congress as to the purpose for which this war was
prosecuted, and as to the terms upon which it
might be terminated. It was with a view to this
object that he had suggested to the Senate the
amendment of which he gave notice the other day.
The question on his motion might be stated now,
or at the close of his remarks, which he proposed
to submit, at the pleasure of the Chair. He would
await its direction, either to pause or to proceed.
Mr. CASS said, if this was the proper moment,
he would inform the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia that he had an amendment to submit.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked, that the Senatorcould
have it read and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER inquired if the
Senator from Georgia desired to have the amend-
ment read.
Mr. BERRIEN. Certainly.
The Secretary then read the amendment of*
Mr. Cass, as follows:
Strike out all after the word "provided,and insert:
" And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and mean-
in* of Congress, in making this appropriation, that, as by the
act of the republic of Mexico, a state ot war exists between
that Government and the United fcStatc*, agreeably to the
declaration made by tins Congress on the 13th day of May
Inst therefore the interest, and honor of this country require
that the said war be vigorously .prosecuted to a successful
