1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
s§T
was the subject of a special grant. So far from
the Executive having; the correlative war power, it
was the subject of a specific grant. The power to
declare war was specifically given to Congress,
and specifically the President was made the com-
mander-in-chief of the army and navy. Now, as
to any laws they might pass in the exercise of
their civil and municipal jurisdiction, the Presi-
dent of the United States stands to them in pre-
cisely the same relation as he does when in the
exercise of the war power, they pass an act de-
claring war. He was in each case the officer in-
trusted by the Constitution with the execution of
the laws which are enacted by Congress. In each
case he performs the public will as that will has
been declared by the Congress of the United
States, with no other responsibility than that which
devolves on every officer charged with the per-
formance of a public duty. As the President of
the United States, he executes a law of the United
States under the authority of Congress which
enacted it. As commander-in-chief of the army
and navy of the United States, he carries into exe-
cution the act declaring war against foreign Pow-
ers, precisely in the same relation and with the
same extent of powers. In each case it is the
public will as declared by Congress—not his will,
not his purpose, which he is called upon to exe-
cute. Ho could make it perfectly obvious to the
mind of any man by the consideration of a single
question. Suppose Congress should declare war.
Suppose the President of the United States, in the
cxerctse of his veto power, should call into action
the controlling power of the legislative department.
He supposed this was a case which would proba-
bly very rarely happen; but it might happen, and
therefore an argument might be founded upon it.
Well, then, supposing an act of Congress declaring
war should fail to receive the Executive approba-
tion. And suppose it should be passed by* the
requisite constitutional majority: the President
of the United States would in that case, unques-
tionably not be acting according to his own will,
and for the accomplishment of his own purpose.
Nay, he would be acting against his own will, in
opposition to his own decided conviction, and in
obedience to the mandate of that, superior legisla-
tive authority created by the Constitution, or
rather of that power, which, under the special del-
egation to declare war, had the right to control
him.
"Well, under these circumstances, Mr. B. pro-
posed to Senators the question, would the respon-
sibility of the President be less than it was now?
Would he be less bound than he is now to carry
into execution the purposes of Congress? If not,
then most assuredly the proposition which he had
stated was true. If the mere act of declaring war
did not upturn the Constitution; if it did not create
a military dictator; if it left in their full and undis-
turbed operation those principles of free govern-
ment which it was the object of the framers of the
Constitution to establish,—then the proposition
which hejstated at the outset was true. The power
to declare war—the power to prosecute the war—
the power to conduct a war, belongs, and belongs
exclusively, to Congress. It had the right, from
time to time, as in their judgment occasion might
require, to specify the objects, the motives, the
principles, on which it is to be conducted; and
therefore it was that he presumed, when an appli-
cation was made to Congress for an appropriation
either of men or of money, to carry on a war with
a foreign Power, that they had the right, as mem-
bers of the National Legislature—and not only the
right, but it was their duty—to exercise their judg-
ments as to the.propriety of the application made
to them.
If they would look back a few years in the his-
tory of this Government, they would find abundant
evidence that such was the understanding of the
statesmen who have preceded us. We have passed
through one war of upwards of three years' dura-
tion, with the most powerful nation in the world;
and in support of the proposition for which he con-
tended—that the power to direct the operations
of this Government in war belonged to Congress,
and not to the commander-in-chief of the army and
navy of the United States—and he would call the
attention of the Senate to the fact, that during the
three years* war with Great Britain, Congress
were so far from being willing to leave the conduct
of that war exclusively to the President—they were
so far from being willing to cast on him exclusively
the responsibility of conducting that war—they
were so far from being willing to shift from them-
selves the responsibility which the Constitution
imposed on them, that by referring to the statute
book it would be found that from the commence-
ment to the conclusion of the war, Congress never
adjourned without providing for its reassembling,
and that at shorter periods than was contemplated
by the Constitution. That was a speaking indi-
cation of the opinion of the statesmen of that pe-
riod on that point, and it would be his apology for
referring more particularly to the meetings of Con-
gress between the declaration of war in 1812, and
the treaty of peace of 1815. The first session of
the twelfth Congress commenced on Monday, No-
vember 7, 1811, conformably to the proclamation
of the President of the United States of the 24th
July, 1811. That session terminated on the 6th
July, 1812. The next regular session in the con-
templation of the Constitution, would not com-
mence until December, but Congress, before its
adjournment, provided for another day. By the
act of the 6th of July, it was provided that the next
meeting of Congress should be on the first Monday
in November. Congress met on the first Monday
of November, according to their own adjournment,
and not by the call of the President. The session,
which commenced on the 2d November, 1812, ad-
journed on the 3d of March, 1813. The next day
of meeting, as fixed by the Constitution, was m
December, but Congress again provided for an
eai-licr meeting. By an act of the 27th February,
1813, it was provided that Congress should again
meet on the fourth Monday in May next. They
adjourned in March, and by their own act provided
that Congress should be reassembled in May.
That session ended on the 2d of August, 1813. By
an act which was passed, it was provided that the
next session should commence on the first Monday
in December, 1813. That session ended Apnl 18,
1814, The next session would have been in De-
cember, but Congress again took care to provide,
by the act of the 18th April, 1814, that its next
meeting should be the last Monday of October,
1814. It would seem they were convened at an
eailier day; for on the 19th of September, 1814,
they met conformably with the proclamation of the
President of the United States of the 8th August,
1814, and adjourned on the third day of March.
1815, without day.
Now, two things were obvious from this. First,
that, during the continuance of the war with Great
Britain, Congress never adjourned without pro-
viding an earlier day for their reassembling than
that provided for by the Constitution; and sec-
ondly, that, during a war of upwards of three
years' duration—[a Senator corrected the honor-
able gentleman. The war was of less duration
than three years—from June, 1812, to December,
1814—being but about two and a half years.]
Well, that strengthened his argument, for it ap-
peared that during a war of but two and a half
years, Congress was in session, and by its own
provision, nearly two years of that time.
Now in view of the doctrine of this day, that the
control of the war is vested in the President of the
United States, he asked why was this done by the
Congress of 1812 and 1814 ' If the war power had.
ceased by the act of declaring war—if the authori-
ty to conduct it rested exclusively with the Presi-
dent of the United States—if Congress was only
to furnish the means, and these means, without
even deeming it necessary to ask any other question,
why, he asked again, was the Congress of the Uni-
ted States thus constantly in session by their own
special provision ? Why did they not leave it to
the President, who, according to the doctrine of
the present day, was to call them together when he
deemed it necessary to ask for supplies of men and
money ? The references which he had made af-
forded evidence, in his judgment, of the views of
the statesmen of that day. That, however, was
not the doctrine which is presented to us now.
That is not the doctrine on which the practical op-
erations of the Government are now conducted.
The estimates, m this case look to the reservation to
the President, of the uncontrolled power to conduct
the war during the long recess which awaited them.
The President of the United States feels, as it had
been said he was authorized to feel, that he is quite
competent to conduct this war, unassisted by the
Congress of the United States. There was, there-
fore, no provision for an earlier session than
December next. Nay, the imputation that, by
possibility, the President might find it advisable,
during this long interval, to call an extra session,
is at once repudiated and put down by the official
organ of the Government.
Mr. B. repeated, that to him, it was more start-
ling that such a doctrine should be maintained—
that it should be the basis of the practical adminis-
tration of this Government—than any war in which
we could be engaged.
He would not detain the Senate by expatiating-
further upon this branch of the question. His
judgment was—and that sufficed to regulate his
own action—and he assumed the judgment of the
Senate also upon the point which he had presented
would be the same—that it was in the power, and if
it be within the constitutional power, that it is the
constitutional duty of Congress to superintend thp
prosecution of the war which they had recognised.
They could not absolve themselves from the re-
sponsibility of the"war. lie held himself, there-
fore, free to inquire—while any claim was made
from the executive department of this Govern-
ment for supplies of men or money—he held him-
self free to inquire, what are the purposes to which
they are to be applied? And he applied that in-
quiry to the provisions of this bill. It proposes
to give the President three millions of money—to
do what? To bring the existing war with Mexico
to a speedy and honorable conclusion. That was
the sole purpose which was avowed in the bill.
Why, then, how was this? They had already
placed at his disposal nearly thirty millions in ad-
dition to the ordinary revenues of the country.
They had placed at his disposal such portions of
the public force as he has required—and for what
purpose ? Why, for the identical purpose which is
specified in this bill—to bring this war to a speedy
and honorable conclusion. To bring it to a speedy
and honorable conclusion, how? By the use of
the public money and the public force which had
been placed at his disposal. But he wants three
millions of money for the accomplishment of this
self-same object in some other mode. We have
furnished him with the means he requires—we
have placed at his disposal the whole public force
of the country, to bring this war to a speedy and
honorable conclusion by an open, manly, vigorous
exertion of the public force; but this does not suf-
fice. What other means, then, are to be resorted
to? What other purposes are contemplated than
those which are consistent with the usual modes of
warfare? We have been told that our object is to
" conquer a peace" with Mexico. The expression
has been so often used that it has passed into a
by-word. Hitherto, holding Mexico in contempt
as a military power, we have deemed ourselves
competent " to conquer peace" with her, and we
have anticipated, or the ardent spirits amongst us,
have anticipated, the revellings of our legions in
the Halls of the Montezumas. But what are the
means which are now to be resorted to? Have we
lowered our pretensions? Do we doubt our abili-
ty to " conquer a peace" with thirty millions of
treasure and seventy thousand armed men? Have
we so humbled our pretensions that we are about
to resort to other means than those of conquest or
negotiation for the attainment of peace? Do we
mean—abandoning the idea of conquering a peace
—to buy a peace with Mexico ? And are Senators
willing, in whatever quarter of this Chamber, to
unite in an act of public legislation by which they
will announce to the world that after months of
conflict with a public enemy, despairing of our
power to " conquer peace" as we desired, that we
have appropriated three millions of dollars to be
given to the Mcxican rulers, either individually or
as rulers, to induce them to make peace with us?
Was that the proposition > Was that the annun-
ciation which Senators of the United States were
willing to send forth to the world ?
As he had before said, we have passed through
a three-years' war with the most powerful nation
on earth; but the fair escutcheon of this young re-
public had never been stained with a blot like thitr.
We did not seek to buy peace with Great Britai,-,.
The statesmen of that day, the patriots of tl ;t
day, the soldiers of that day, confided in the jus-
tice of their cause, and in their strong arms and
stout hearts, to vindicate the rights of their country.
He knew not if he should subject himself, either
in the excitement of debate or in the rabidness of
the press, to the imputation of cant, if he called
their attention to one of the acts of the Congress of
1812, by which the war with Great Britain was
