1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
influenced in a different direction from what was
contemplated by this enactment. It might be, if they
were permitted to rely, as they were to a certain
extent, upon the communications which had been
made to the President—it might be that Santa Ana
was really disposed to peace; it might be the under-
standing that the unstable condition of their country
-rendered it necessary that the army should be pro-
pitiated, in order to give permanency to any treaty;
it might be that Santa Ana found it necessary to
be possessed of a certain fund to enable him to
eonciliate the army. If this were so, why, then,
they had the key to the inactivity of that military
chieftain who was now at the head of the Mexican
forces—forces vastly superior in numbers to any
which we had the power to bring against them.
This might be the key to the means by which he
had been so mysteriously enabled to pass our
blockade. He understood it now to be conceded
that the money to be appropriated was to be given
to the Mexicans for the purpose of being applied
by them to the payment of their army and .other
expenses, and he presumed that, when the money
was paid to the Mexicans, we should at least have
lost the security which possession gave us until
the conditions for which this money was appro-
priated were fulfilled.
He desired to remove any impressions which he
feared might have resulted from the remarks of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations at the opening of this discussion, that Sen-
ators were committed by the vote they had given
upon this subject as submitted to them by the
President in his message of 4th August, 1846.
The Senator had, however, corrected a misappre-
hension under which he was then laboring, that
the almost unanimous vote of the Senate was given
on the resolution which he had first stated. He
feared it was not distinctly understood by the Sen-
ator what was the real action of the Senate on that
subject.
The President, by his message, required two
millions of dollars, in order to put it in his power
to advance a portion of the consideration in money
for the cession of any territory which might be
made. The President said:
" Under these circumstances, and considering the ex-
hausted and distracted condition of the Mexican lepubhc, it
might become necessary, m order to restore peace, that I
&hould have it in my power to advance a portion of the con-
sideration money for any cession of territory which may he
made. The Mexican Government might not be willing to
wait for the payment of the whole until the treaty could be
ratified by the Senate, and an appropriation to cany it into
effect be made byCongiess; and the necessity for such a
delay might defeat the object altogether. I would therefore
buggest, whether it would not be wise for Congress to appio-
priate a sum such as they might consider adequate for this
putpose, to be paid,ifnecessaiy,immediateIyupon the rati-
fication of the treaty by Mexico. This disbursement would
of course be accounted lor at the treasury, not as secret-
service money, but like other expenditures."
- Now, on this message of the President, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations made the following
report to the Senate:
" Resolved, That the course adopted and proposed by the
President, as indicated in his message ot the 4th instant, for
the speedy termination of the war with Mexico, receives
the approbation of the Senate.
"Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate, it is expe-
dient to place two millions of dollars at the disposal ot the
President, to be used at his discretion in the event of a trea-
ty of peace with Mexico, satisfactorily adjusting the bound-
aries of the two countries; and that the Committee on For-
eign Relations be instructed to report to the Senate, in open
fusion, a bill for that purpose, m conformity to the provis-
ions of similar acts passed in 1803 and 1806."
These resolutions were so little acceptable to the
Senate, that the then chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations modified the second resolu-
tion in this way:
"Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate, it i* expe-41
dientto place a sum ot money at the disposal of the Presi-
dent, to be u-ed at hU discretion in the event of a treat}' of
peace with Mexico, satisfactorily adjusting the boundaues
of the two countues."
<' In the event of a treaty of peace with Mexico,''
and not preliminary to it.
Upon this, on the motion of another Senator, it
was proposed to amend by striking out all after the
word "Resolved," and inserting as follows:
" That the Senate heartily unite with the President in his
expressed desire for a speedy and honorable peace with
Mexico, but, as at present informed, they have no further
advice to give in the piemises."
StilUhese resolutions were unacceptable to the
Senate, and they were recommitted, and the next
report was in these words:
"1st. Resolved, That the Senate entertain a strong desire
that the existing war with Mexico should be terminated by
a treaty of peace, just and honorable to both nations, and
that the President be advised to adopt all proper measures
for the attainment of that object."
Here was a resolution on which he presumed the
Senate was unanimous. The second resolution
was in these words:
"2d. Resolved further, That the Senate deem it advisable
that Congress should appropriate a sum of money to enable
the President to conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and
boundaries, with the republic of Mexico, and to be used by
him in the event that such treaty should call for the expen-
diture of the money so appropriated, or any part thereof."'
Now, the vote of the Senate—not that to which
the Senator from Arkansas referred—but the vote
of thirty to eighteen, was the vote on the second
resolution, in which, by that majority, the Senate
directed that a sum of money should be placed at
the disposal of the President to conclude a treaty
of peace, limits, and boundaries, with the republic
of Mexico—not to be used by him for the purpose
of concluding that treaty, but to be used by him if
such treaty should call for the expenditure of the
money so appropriated, or any part thereof.
He had referred to these proceedings of the last
session for the purpose of showing that no Senator
was committed, by those proceedings to vote for
the bill now under consideration.
Mr. SEYiER observed, that as soon as he dis-
covered that error, he corrected it m the Senate
Chamber, and so the Senator would see if lie
would look at the published pioceedings.
Mr. BERRIEN continued. The Senator from
Arkansas stated correctly that he did, at the ear-
liest moment, correct the misapprehension under
which he labored. I discovered the error and an-
nounced it to him privately. I did so for the pur-
pose of enabling him to correct it instead of doing
it myself on this floor. But I advert to the sub-
ject now because I believe, m the manner in which
it was left in the open discussion, Senators were
of opinion that they had committed themselves by
the vote they had given upon the resolution which
ultimately passed. The Senator from Arkansas,
I repeat, took the earliest opportunity to correct
his misapprehension, and it was communicated to
him personally, as he will admit.
Mr. SEVIER replied that the correction had
been made in his published remarks, and there
could be no mistake about it.
Mr. BERRIEN wished to be perfectly under-
stood by the Senator from Arkansas as distinctly
avowing that the Senator from Arkansas took the
earliest opportunity to place it on its proper foot-
ing, and that he did it in consequence of a perfectly
friendly communication which he (Mr. B.) made
to him, instead of making it on this floor.
He had spoken of the manner in which he, as
understood it from the provisions of this bill, this
money was to be used. He now asked the atten-
tion of the Senate to a consideration of the objects
which it was proposed to accomplish by these
means. If they looked at the message of the Pies-
ident of the United States, asking for this appro-
piiation, they would find that his object was to
obtain indemnity to our citizens having pecuniary
claims against Mexico, and ample indemnity for
the expenses of the war. Now, when one looks
at the impoverished condition of Mexico, as it
was stated by Senators on all sides, and whose
statements were perfectly consistent with the fact
—when we look at the impoverished state of her
finances and the distracted condition of her people
—the message of the President of the United States
itself would show what object was to be accom-
plished by the use of this money. Indemnity—
ample indemnity, would, in other words, have
been equivalent to dismemberment of the Mexican
territory. If ample indemnity were wanted for
the expenses of this war, which have probably
amounted to fifty, and may amount to one hun-
dred millions of dollars—if ample indemnity was
to be obtained for this by the use of (his money,
and the negotiation of a treaty with Mexico^then
the message of the President of the United States
would have been alone sufficient to show us that
the object was to use it for the purpose of nego-
tiating a treaty which should accomplish the dis-
memberment of that territory. That would have
been further confirmed by the official communica-
tions of the different departments of the army and
the navy, looking to military force for the occu-
pation of those portions of the Mexican territory
which should be in the possession of our troops,
with a view to the application of the utl possidetis
principle at the termination of the war. But the
fact was distinctly avowed in the opening of.the
debate, that the minimum of the demand which it
is said ought to be moderate, which we ought to
make on Mexico, is the cession of New Mexico
and Upper California,
Mr. SEYIER remarked that he had said so.
• Mr. BERRIEN so understood the Senator from
Arkansas. He did not contest the right of the
Senator from Arkansas to take that ground; what
he was disposed to question was, that the Senator
from Arkansas added to that annunciation on this
floor, that there was no Senator in this Chamber
who does not think that that is the least which we
ought to take. Now, he asked Senators, with the
understanding of the object to which these three
millions of money were to be applied, in the attain-
ment of a cession of New Mexico and Upper Cali-
fornia—he asked them to cast their eye on the map
of Mexico, to see what portion of her territory it
was thus intended to wrest from her. Why,New
Mexico and Upper California embraced one-third
or more of the republic of Mexico; and this was
the grasp we propose to make on her territory, if
she will yield it to us by negotiation, on this money
being applied to the payment of her armies, that
they may coerce her into submission. He asked
them, looking at the extent of the grasp which
was proposed to he made on the territory of a sis-
ter republic, to answer him as men, as American
Senators, and as Christian men, if this consisted
with our national honor, and with the national
interests of the people of the United Slates? Did
it consist with the national honor? Why, we
stand at the head of the free governments on earth.
That proud position has been attained for us by the
gallantry of our forefathers, by their fidelity to their
country, by their preservation of the public faith,
by an adherence to both national ana individual
honor. And what is Mexico ? A neighboring re-
public, comparatively feeble, forming herself upon
the plan of our Constitution, introduced by us into
the family of nations, and i ecognised by us as a sis-
ter republic. Wc have a population of twenty mil-
lions—double that of Mexico. We are the supe-
rior of Mexico in every respect, either in peace or
war- This is true of all our resources of every de-
scription. We have a stable, permanent govern-
ment. The voice of authority issuing from this
capital is heard and obeyed in the most distant
corner of this republic. Mexico is enfeebled, dis-
tracted, borne down by the strife of contending
military rulers, until she is reduced to a condi-
tion that we are about to found an act of legisla-
tion upon—the assumption that she has not the
strength to execute. And it is on a sister repub-
lic, thus in the magnitude of our strength, and
m contemplation of her weakness, that we are
about to advance to wrest from her a third of her
territory, and appropriate it as indemnity to our-
selves lor the expenses which we have incurred in
the vindication of our national honor. In his hum-
ble judgment, such <tn act would be a violation of
the national honor, far more to be deplored than
defeat in the most sanguinary contest. That might
be remedied—promptly remedied by the gallantry
of our army. But what time, what bravery under
heaven could expiate the blot which would stand
upon the fair escutcheon of the country, if this
strong, this powerful nation, were to avail herself
of the distracted condition of a neighboring republic
to gratify, not her desire to vindicate her national
honor, but her lust for the acquisition of territory?
If our national honjr is to be vindicated by this
war, and if it were not already vindicated, he was
content, so far as any vote of his was necessary,
for the purpose of strengthening the national arm
to furnish the means which may be required for
its vindication; but he entered his solemn protest
against the adoption of a principle by which it shall
be avowed to the world that we cannot pay our
own expenses when incurred in the vindication of
our national honor.
He had asked, in the next place, in considering
the objects to which the money is to be applied—
and these objects are now distinctly avowed to be
the acquisition at least of New Mexico and Cali-
fornia—he had asked, secondly, whether such an
acquisition could be made consistently with the
national interests. And on this subject he desired
for a moment the attention of the Senate. If there
be any such thing as national interest to be pre-
served at the expense of national honor, I know
not; but looking to this question solely as one of
