1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
in these modern days have recognised and affirm-
ed. We are responsible in the sight of Heaven,
that we do not make use of that superiority of force
■which by the bounty of Providence we enjoy, to
oppress and dismember a feeble neighbor. I am
perfectly satisfied, sir, that ready answers may be
given to these suggestions. Are we prepared to
meet the responsibility in view of the civilized na-
tions of the world ? If England is our accuser, we
point her to India. If France will reproach us, we
turn her attention to Algeria. If the greater Pow-
ers of the continent should assume the office of
accusers, we should bid them look to Cracow, and
be dumb ! These are answers which will satisfy us
when we are called on to encounter the reproaches
of other nations. But will they enable us to meet
our own consciousness of the manliness of that
course, by which we avail ourselves of that supe-
riority of force which we possess, for the purpose
of despoiling a neighboring republic?
Mr. President, there is yet another responsibili-
ty—more direct, more immediate—which we will
also recollect. The responsibility of which I have
spolcen may be met, with regard to the nations of
the world, as I have suggested. The other re-
sponsibility to which I have called your attention,
I am quite sensible, from individual experience,
will be regarded as too remote to influence the con-
duct of members. But there is a responsibility
direct and immediate—it is our responsibility to
our constituents—to the American people. To
these we are responsible; to these we shall have
to account for the course which we pursue in the
conduct of this war. In the first moment of ex-
citement, when intelligence reached us from the
Rio Grande of the events which were occurring
there, every American bosom was inflamed almost
to madness. In the moment of that excitement,
they embarked unhesitatingly in the conflict which
was provoked. But, sir, that moment has passed
away. Calmer feelings have succeeded. The in-
dignity which was offered to us has been expiated
by the Mexican blood which flowed so copiously
at Palo Alto, Resaca de la Palma, and at Monte-
rey. That feeling is appeased. The American
people look now calmly on the question which we
are considering. They inquire for what is this
war, thus promising to be interminable? For what
is it prosecuted ? What are the purposes which
you hope to obtain ? How far have you advanced
towards their accomplishment by the brilliant op-
erations which your army have exhibited ? Why
is the army in the heart of Mexico ? What do you
propose to gain by it if you succeed in occupying
the Mexican capital? Do you suppose—if the
Mexican spirit is what it is represented to us—do
you suppose that you will have brought yourselves
nearer to a conclusion of this war? If your object
be anything beyond the payment of the just claims
of your citizens—beyond the proper adjustment of
the boundaries of Texas—then the people will in-
quire—a portion of that people.at least—what ben-
efit will result from the acquisition of this territo-
ry, which must be as a firebrand thrown into the
councils of the nation? Sir, these reflections, and
these inquiries, arc now made amongst the people
of the United States; not, perhaps, among politi-
cians—certainly not by the conductors of party
presses—assuredly not by those ardent spirits
who, tired of the dull pursuits of civil life, are pant-
ing to obtain military fame, at whatever cost—but
by the yeomanry of the land—by the merchant—
by the mechanic—by the manufacturer—by men
of all occupations and pursuits—by the moral, vir-
tuous, religious, conservative portions of society,
constituting a part of the American people, whose
voice cannot be disregarded. In the bustle of the
public mart, in the retirement of the domestic cir-
cle, these questions press, with a force which I am
utterly incapable to describe, upon the minds and
hearts of the American people; and I pray Sena-
tors to accept, in the spirit in which it is offered,
the warning which I give you, that you and I must
answer unto them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER again stated the
question, as no gentleman seemed disposed to take
the floor.
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON" rose and said he
understood the Senator from Michigan to say that
at the proper time he would offer his amendment.
Mr. CASS said whenever it was the proper time
he would do so.
Mr. R. JOHNSON intimated that this might be
a proper time.
Mr. CASS. Then I make my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the ques-
tion to be on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, as an amendment to the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and naya on
that amendment.
Mr. R. JOHNSON desired that the Senator
from Michigan would state as succinctly as he
thought proper the grounds of his amendment be-
fore the question was taken; and, for that purpose,
he would now move an adjournment if the Senator
desired it.
Mr. CA*SS replied that his amendment required
no explanation from him. He did not, however,
say that he should say nothing hereafter. If a
speech was expected from him it should not be
said hereafter that he had refused to make one.
But now he did not feel it necessary to say any-
thing.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 5, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DOUGLASS introduced to the House Mr.
John Henry, (Whig,) member elect from the State
of Illinois, vice Mr. E. D. Baker, resigned; who
was qualified and took his seat.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order was the call of the committees for
reports.
Mr. COBB said, that as there was something
less than an hour left for debate on the Civil and
Diplomatic Appropriaton bill, and as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. RooT]*was entitled to the
floor, he, (Mr. C.,) with a" view to give that gen-
tleman the full benefit of the time, would move
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
But Mr. C. waived the motion for a moment, to
enable the bill from the Senate (on the Speaker's
table) in relation to mineral lands to be taken up,
and referred to the appiopriate committee.
The question having then been taken on the
motion of Mr. Cobb, and having been decided in
the affirmative,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Onion, (Mr. Hunger-
ford, of New York, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. ROOT, of Ohio, said, that when he occupied
the floor on a former occasion, in some remarks
upon the war with Mexico, and after touching on
its origin and progress, he had intended to conclude
by adverting to its consequences; but as the expi-
ration of his hour had precluded it at that time, he
would devote a portion of the time allowed to him
this morning (which was but fifty minutes in all)
to the consideration of that branch of the subject.
The consequenccsof this war had seemed to him,
from its commencement, so obviously and unde-
niably evil, so certainly dangerous to the South as
well as the North, to the West as well as the East,
that he had until recently hoped there would be
found in Congress, enough of wisdom and patriot-
ism to foresee, and, so far as practicable, to pre-
vent them. That they might, in a good degree,
be prevented by putting a stop to the war, he had
not doubted; but he had been disappointed. The
majority had determined it should proceed, at all
hazards and at any cost.
He did not think, however, that all who were
so ready here to vote supplies really approved the
war they were supporting. He did not doubt that
a majority wished in their hearts that the war was
ended, and would act in conformity with their sen-
timents, if they could be sure that others would
act with them. This might possibly seem strange
to persons at a distance who did not look upon the
proceedings of this House, and were not person-
ally acquainted with its members; and they would
very naturally ask why there should be such a
difference between the opinions and the acts of
honorable gentlemen. Mr. R. flattered himself
that he could give the true (though he would not
say it was a sufficient) reason why many gentle-
men here did act, in this matter, differently from
what they thought. In doing this, however, he
meant to observe those laws of decorum which
ought ever to prevail in a deliberative assembly.
We had here a numerous class of gentlemen who
said that they did not feel at liberty to withhold
any supplies which the Executive should ask for
in a time of war. No doubt these gentlemen acted
honestly in pursuing such a course; he had no pur-
pose to assail their motives; but he must protest
against any such doctrine. What was the amount
of it? It came to this, that if we should chance to
have a wicked or a weak President, he had only
to get the country into a state of war, and he would
have the absolute control of the treasury. The
House must unbar its doors to him, and give up
to his disposal the public credit, permitting him at
pleasure to send his tax-gatherers among the peo-
ple, and draw from them their hard-earned treas-
ure; and thus he might go on for four years; and
when he had pocketed his one hundred thousand
dollars, and had turned his back on Washington,
then they were to hold him responsible! Respon-
sible for what? For doing what they had them-
selves enabled him to doj and what they had in-
dorsed when done. Responsible! To whom? To
men who were too basely servile to deny him any-
thing he asked. Responsible! Master responsi-
ble to slave! No; the only responsibility incurred
in continuing this war would be the responsibility
of members to their constituents. Such a doctrine
went to destroy all independence as well as all re-
sponsibility in the Representatives of the people.
It was better suited to a Turkish divan than to this
Hall; it would better become the Hps of some trib-
utary of an Eastern despot than of the Representa-
tive of a free people. It would have disgraced
the most abject British Parliament since the days
of that bloated tyrant, Henry VIII. What would
old John Hampden have said to such a doctrine
as this? It was such pretensions and such arbi-
trary doctrines that the unhappy Charles I. ex-
piated on the scaffold. No man would dare to
maintain such a doctrine in England now. The
rule there was, when the Parliament lost confidence
in the Government, to withhold supplies. When
the Prime Minister of Great Britain asked appro-
priations of money, the Commons were in the
habit of inquiring what he wanted to do with it.
So long as Mr. R. had a seat on that floor, the
President must show him that he wanted money
for a purpose that he approved, or he never would
get it with his consent. Gentlemen might bawl
44 Treason, treason," till they were black in the
face; they might bring out their whole slang vo-
cabulary as soon as they pleased, and give it an
airing for his benefit; it would have not the least
efFect upon him.
Then there was another set in this House which
consisted of members who seemed to think that all
wars were popular, no matter what they were for.
These gentlemen seemed to have read just enough
of the history of their country to know that we
once had a war somewhere about the year 1812,
with Great Britain, and that there was then a Fed-
eral party who opposed that war, which party had
afterwards been broken up and reduced to nothing.
As we were now in a war of some kind, they would
not be caught voting against it, not they; they were
too cunning for that; they were resolved to take
warning from the fate of the Federal party. They
were resolved that if the people wanted war, they
should have it to their heart's content; but if they
preferred pcace, these gentlemen were just as willing
that they should have that. Now, Mr. R. thought
it would very sensibly diminish the warmth of the
martial zeal of these gentlemen if they could be in-
formed of the real fate of the old Federal party.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] had
very solemnly warned them to beware of a fate
like that of Daniel Webster; he said that Webster
was down, and never would rise. Mr. R. would
like the gentleman to tell the House how far such
statesmen as he were forced to stoop to get a sight
of Daniel Webster. No man here would predict
such a fall for him.
Mr. FICKLIN here rose and said, he did not
know whether the gentleman had meant to allude
to him in what he had just said.
Mr. ROOT said he was the gentleman he had
alluded to.
Mr. FICKLIN then said that in what he had
said in relation to the fate of Mr. Webster he had
been actuated by no ill-will towards him; on the con-
trary, he considered him one of the ablest and most
influential men in the country; but he had added
that, with all his talents, he had failed of success
because of his opposition to the late war, bat-that
