332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
Henry Clay stood infinitely higher than he did, or
ever could, on account of his having zealously ad-
vocated the war.
[The Reporter believes that this was the sub-
stance of Mr. F.'s explanation; but he heard very
little of it.]
Mr. ROOT. Yes; the gentleman thought him
a very great man, and yet old Federalism could
run such a man down, so that he never need hope
to rise again. It was a terrible fate. But why
had Daniel Webster fallen thus immeasurably
low? Only because he would not condescend to
ride the Democratic party. He might have ridden
that party long ago, to his heart's content. That
party were ready to be ridden by any old Federal-
ist that would take the trouble to mount it. In
fact, it was impatient to be so ridden. There it
stood, ready saddled and groomed, and shaking
its ears and pawing- the earth, eager to be mounted.
Old Federalists had used it at pleasure. They had
whipped and spurred, held in and let out, just as
they pleased; and all the while it was delighted
with the burden; it loved it; its back itched for it,
and it was never so well pleased as when any
old Federalist got his foot in the stirrup. Half the
Judges of the Supreme Court had ridden it to their
present position. It would carry double—ay, and
treble too. There was the Secretary of State; he
had ridden till his own hide began to wear through.
In fact, all who would ride the party could. And
what concession must they make Before they got
on? None at all. They were welcome just as they
stood, with all their principles about them. The
old Federal party had, in fact, become merged now
in the Democratic party; nobody heard of it now-
a-days, (except from the Organ.) Aud who now
heard of the old Republican party? That, too,
with all its old-fashioned notions of republican
doctrine, that, too, was merged, but in the Whig
party. But some of the old Federalists scorned
to nde the Democratic party; and that alone was
the reason why Daniel Webster was not riding
tantivy towards the White House. Mr. R. said
the Democratic party was the greatest godsend the
Federalists had ever had. It seemed to have been
created for their use. It was an excellent nag—
easy to catch, never shyed; had a natural procliv-
ity to go down hill; and would bear just as many
riders as could get on or hang on, by mane or tail. [A
laugh.] The stock of Federal riders was nearly
used up, and it wanted new ones who would go
for this war. These were exactly the jockeys it
would like.
There were others in the House who first voted
supplies under the impression that the war was
but a little matter, that would soon be over—a sort
of training-day parade, after which they would
have glorious fun " revelling in the Halls of the
Montezumas." They had gone into it without
much thought or reflection; but they were now be-
coming very unpleasantly convinced of their error;
they would gladly back out; but their consistency
—ah, there was the rub! How could they back
out now, after having shown so much heroism in
rushing into the war? Yet he thought that some
of them eventually would; they would at last over-
come their personal pride, and yield to the exigen-
cy of the public good.
Others feared that, if this war should be con-
demned, the sentence would extend to them; and
so they were for braving it out: and these men
hoped to make a little political capital out of it.
But men never were more mistaken m the world.
They were willing to make Buncombe out of blood
—the blood and suffering of men. That was not
in his line; they were welcome to have all that to
themselves. These gentlemen were in a pitiable
position; they felt there was something wrong
about the war, and so they were willing to com-
promise the matter by voting supplies, and scold-
ing ail the while. These gentlemen assumed to be
the peculiar guardians of the national honor. They
were constantly complaining that the President
did not go fast enough. Why had he not overrun
the whole of Mexico long since ? Why not march
to the city of Mexico at once, straight ahead?
What infamous delay! How dilatory our Admin-
istration was! Why did it not send more men
andmore munitions,and push on more vigorously ?
These men would be brought up all standing yet.
The people would talk to them in a way they little
dreamed of. They had forgotten the glorious old
motto underwhich the Whigs had fought so long—
" I had rather be right than be President." That
had once been our motto, and the Whig party had
pointed to it as they fought, and, whether they
conquered or were conquered, there was triumph
in every blow; but now these gentlemen were
taking up another motto, the after-dinner motto,
" I think I could kill one Mexican."
Gentlemen said that the war must go on, and
that the people were patriotic and would bear any
necessary amount of taxation. Then why did
they not put on the taxes? If Mr. R. Relieved, as
these gentlemen professed to believe, that this war
was just and necessary, and was forced upon us
and begun by Mexico, he would vote the Presi-
dent forty millions, and tax the country to raise
the money. But what did these valiant war gen-
tlemen do? Did they lay on the taxes necessary
to raise what they had themselves voted? No:
they dare not lay on one dollar of them. They dare
not do it. And the moment they tried it, the people
would rise up against them. What a spectacle did
they present! Higgling and disputing about a lit-
tle paltry tea and coffee tax, that would possibly
raise the price of coffee a cent a pound, or a cent
and-a-half, and perhaps not raise it at all. And
there was such a dust kicked up about this tea and
coffee tax that it seemed to be the main question in
this war of theirs. They knew in their hearts the
people were not with them; they knew the people
were opposed to the war, and they dare not tax
them for its support. Let them come up to the
scratch; let them only try it, and they would soon
find out how the matter stood. To what miserable
shifts were they not resorting? They had not the
money; but they would not tax the people to get
it. And what did they do ? Set up a great Gov-
ernment bank—a regular wild-cat—a full-grown i
undeniable Wolverihe wild-cat; and, to make the j
resemblance perfect, they propose to put upon its i
bills "real estate pledged." (Much laughter.] I
They undertook to give the public lands as secu- j
rity. A mass of false, filthy, irredeemable rags
was all they would have with which to carry on
this war.
[Mr. J.J. McDOWELL here interposed and
said, 46 If that was the case you would be in favor
of it."
Mr. ROOT. You keep cool. This is too deep
water for you.
Mr. McDOWELL said something in reply not
distinctly heard.]
Mr. ROOT continued. There were to be 23,000,-
000 of new treasury notes, and 5,000,000 of the old,
and 5,000,000 more of land scrip—33,000,000 of
dollars in all. That was their means to carry on
a war! They had made our Government a poor
mendicant; they had sent it, on its knees, to the
money-lenders; they made it a beggar—a beggar
trying to barter away its rags among the Shylocks
in Wall street. There it stood, begging, covered
with wounds and bruises and putrifymg sores, and
verily the dogs were coming to lick them. That
was the condition to which they had brought the
once proud and powerful Government of the Uni-
ted States. And all this in little more than one
year! They had had the Government less than two
years, and tins was what they had brought it to.
A year ago^t had a full tieasury—buta little debt,
and ample means to pay that, and an abundant
revenue; and where was it now?
But the war must go on: that question was set-
tled. And now, therefore, Mr. R. was for looking
a little at the consequences likely to follow, and
trying to prepare for them.
We should run up an immense national debt.
How much, God only knew; but enough to grind
the American people for half a century to come.
The debt must be met by taxes—and taxes of the
surest and quickest return—on necessaries of life
which we could not ourselves produce. In addi-
tion to this, we should have a pension roll long
enough to bring tears into the eyes of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and wrap
up Commissioner Edwards till he could not be seen
i or heard fiom once a week.
| These were among the least of the evils which
j this war would entail upon us. The immense de-
! struction of human life and the demoralization of
j our citizens were far greater evils. To bring fifty
| thousand of our young men, mechanics and agri-
I culturists, out of the walks of private life into such
j a body as our Mexican army! What was it?
j Need Mr. R. tell any intelligent man that the
! army'—every army—was but one regular system
of servitude and "slavery ? There could be no such
thing as an efficient soldier till the freeman was
lost and obliterated—till he yielded himself up,
body and mind, to the mere absolute will and dis-
position of his superiors. An army, to be worth
anything, must be under despotism-thevery school
of servitude—into which they brought free-born
young Americans and taught them (what they
never would learn elsewhere) servility.
Another consequence would be, that we should
have an abundance of new Mexican "fellow-citi-
zens." Yes,thatwas the word. Gentlemenwho
were so immovably prejudiced on the subject of
color and complexion were preparing to mingle
with honorable Representatives from the State of
Chihuahua, or New Mexico, or Coahuilq—de-
scendants of the old Spaniards with a pretty con-
siderable dash of the negro and the Indian in them;
and these were to come upon that floor, and be as
good as any of them, (and*he believed they would
be quite as good as some at least with whom they
would have to associate here;) nay, they were our
"fellow-ciuzens,} already. General Kearny had
made them such by the power of his proclamation.
They were all, white, black, or yellow, without
distinction of color, adopted as citizens of the Uni-
ted States with us. Well, that was the true doc-
trine. Mr. R. had no very strong prejudice against
color or caste; but gentlemen who had it strong
ought to understand what was before them.
Then we were to have a vast stretch of Mexican
territory; but he wished gentlemen to understand
him; he did not say that the Government was to
get the right of soil to so much as a single acre of
it. No, that was all appropriated long ago. The
Government might get the jurisdiction, but as to
the right of soil they would get none of it—no more
than would the Biitish Government, if it could
now conquer old Pennsylvania. The old Dutch
farmers would continue to hold their farms just as
they did now; and so it would be here. And, as
to Government property, they had nothing but
some old copper, and we had already enough of
that; so that he concluded it would turn out to be
a very poor speculation. But have it we must:
that was settled. He believed that no greater ca-
lamity could befall this country. We should get
the territory, and with it would come domestic
strife, that bitterest curse of free governments. It
must come. A majority of the people, a majority
of the States, a majority of the constituencies of
that House, had determined that there should be
in this Union no more slave territory. Let not
gentlemen judge the future by the past; if they
did, in this matter, they would most assuredly be
mistaken. Gentlemen of the South might affect
to disregard the warning; and now, before the evil
day was come, they might disregard it, if they
thought best. But when that day did come—
when they heard in their ears that awakening cry,
" Ho ! freemen of the North ! to the rescue !"then
they would please £o remember that they had been
warned, and in time.
But gentlemen asked whether Congress had any
authority to exclude slavery from conquered terri-
tory? tie answered, yes; it had authority. If
any gentleman wanted proof of this, let him read
the language of Mr. Madison on an abolition peti-
tion in 1790, when that profound constitutional
statesman, one of the authors of the Federalist and
expositors of the Constitution, declared that Con-
gress had that power over the Territories of the
Union. A gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. James
McDowell,] last evening, wanted to know from
a colleague of his [Mr. Tilde*?] whether any Vir-
ginian had ever held that Congress had any power
over the subject. He answered that gentleman,
yes; there had: and here lay the proof on the desk
before him, ready to be consulted by any gentle-
man, but he had not the time to read it. He an-
swered that he had the proof, and held himself
bound to produce it.
But, supposing he could not quote on this sub-
ject the opinions of such men as Wilson and Madi-
son by the hundred, he asked gentlemen if there
was any difficulty ? They asked him where Con-
gress got its authority to govern territory? He
answeied, just where they found the power to ac-
quire territory. Show him the constitutional pow-
er to acquirc this Mcxican territory, and he would
show them the constitutional power to govern it.
If southern gentlemen had authority to exclude
the Mexicans from it, northern gentlemen had the
power to exclude slaves from it. If they of the
