1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
slave States could get it by authority, they of the
free States couJd govern it by authority.
Gentlemen should have thought of this before
they plunged into this war of conquest. The ques-
tion had slept at the North for thirty years. Both
Whigs and Democrats there had held the doctrine
that the United States Government had nothing to
do with slavery, either the one way or the other,
they should neither restrict it nor extend it. True,
they had among them a third party, that now called
itself the 44 Liberty party," and they had always
contended that Congress had the power and the
right. But, in this state of things, what did the
South dor> They joined with this Liberty party in
their doctrine that Congress had power over the
subject. They not only claimed that Congress pos-
sessed the power, but they had actually exercised
it—exercised it openly and confessedly before the
world, in the acquisition of Texas, which was
annexed to the united States expressly for the
purpose of preserving and extending the institu-
tion of slavery. Yes, it was the South, who, join-
ing themselves with the northern Liberty party,
had settled the question of authority. They had
thus left to the North the simple choice as to how-
it should be exercised—a question that was very
soon settled at the North. If the authority of Con-
gress was to be exerted at all in the matter, it was
to be exerted against slavery, and not for it; to
restrict, not to extend it. And so it would be ex-
erted: on this all concerned might certainly calcu-
late. And why? Because the North had the
power, and felt it her duty to put it forth.
Could gentlemen be unaware of the absurdities
into which their zeal for slavery had carried them ?
Had they forgotten the Missouri compromise?
They profess that they knew perfectly well at the
time that Congress had no legal authority to estab-
lish any such compromise line; they thought it was
not legally binding; (he spoke not now of moral or
honorable obligation.) And did they want to have
another such compromise ? If that was the sort of
compromise now proposed, the North would have
none of it. But these very gentlemen claimed a
still greater authority, not for Congress, not for
the President, but for his subordinates, his under-
lings, his creatures. They claimed it for Commo-
dore Stockton and General Kearny; it was claimed
that military and naval commanders had not only
military power in the Territories, but authority to
setup civil governments there; to appoint magis-
trates, enact laws, and to perform that highest act
of sovereignty, the admission of foreigners to citi-
zenship. All this could be done by a general or a
commodore, but not by Congress.
But gentlemen had asked him: "Are you sure
you can bring up the northern representatives to
meet this question now?" His answer was, No;
he feared they could not be brought up to it. In-
deed, he might say he was sure there were some
who would prove recreant to their duty. There
always had been some recreants from the North.
But the time would come when met it must be.
He cared not how many "dough faces'5 they could
scare up among representatives of the free States.
They could not be used but once. The mere touch
of a man for such a purpose destroyed his future
hopes forever and a day, and these men themselves
knew it. They knew that any northern man
whose vote should be given against the North on
that question, must make up his mind to brave the
scorn and execration of his constituents; to hang
his head in shame before his old neighbors; nay,
to make his wife ashamed for him. Mr. R. did
not know how the matter might eventuate at the
present time. He presumed there would be at-
tempts to dodge the question, and it was possible
they would be successful.
He knew that southern gentlemen made strong
appeals to their northern brethren—to their mag-
nanimity—to their sense of justice. They asked,
with much earnestness and apparent candor, was
it fair, was it right, to exclude southern men from
entering a territory which was the common prop-
erty of the whole Union, and which had been ac-
quired by the common blood and treasure of the
South and of the North ? Ay ! Mr. R. was glad
to hear language so reasonable; and he would
gladly meet it, and say, "Come, let us reason to-
gether." Whose blood and whose treasure was
it that had obtained Louisiana ? that had obtained
Florida? that had obtained Texas? Had not the
North poured forth both blood aud treasure most
freely to win and keep these immense territories ?
Were they not the common property of the whole
Union ? And yet had not the men of the South
got the whole of these territories for their peculiar
institution? Had they not as truly excluded men
of the North from settling there, as it was now
proposed to exclude men of the South with their
slaves from the new territories of Mexico ? As-
suredly they had. And now he said to these fair
and candid gentlemen, was it not time for them to
stand back and let the North help herself a little
too ? Whether they were willmj^to do this or
not, the North meant they should. She said to
the South, Wait till we get up with you; stand
aside till we get a fair share; and then you may,
with a better grace, talk to us about equality.
Gentlemen of the South professed to doubt the
ability of the North to carry out its purpose. He
knew they were brave; he knew thaji they would
do as much as any people in those circumstances
could do; but he .should like to know how south-
ern gentlemen were going to manage when the cri-
sis came ? They were very confident of their power
to manage both their black and white slaves. They
certainly had managed their white slaves admirably
well. If they were going to treat their black ones ;
as despotically and oppressively, God pity them ! ;
Yes, southern gentlemen held up their heads here, |
and smiled at a suggestion of danger. They were
able to take care of themselves—they were safe and
fearless. It might be so; but how happened it, that
if a colored cook or scullion from the North arrived
in the harbor of Charleston, before he set his foot
on the wharf they grabbed him, and had him away
to jail. Did this look as if they felt very safe ? If.
there came a long awkward Yankee among them, j
and he stood by while they were laying the lash
upon one of their slaves, and he should chance,
with the peculiar whine of his country, to ask,
" Why, what are we abaout? Do ye beat a man
down here as if he was an ox ?" why did they in-
stantly turn upon him and cry, " You rascal! do
you dare to interfere with our peculiar institution ?"
And happy was Jonathan if he escaped the hands
of Judge Lynch, and did not find himself suspend-
ed from the nearest tree. Did this look as if they
felt very fearless at home ? If a pamphlet, with a
wretched scratch of a picture on its title page, rep-
resenting an overseer with a cart-whip in his hand,
and a slave with his hands tied, was circulated
there, why was a flame kindled up from one end
of the South to the other about "incendiary publi-
cations ?" And why was the book forthwith burnt?
Was not this rather a queer way of showing a con-
sciousness of strength—a sense of security?
Mr. R. said he could not contemplate the strife
and the struggle which such a question must stir
up, without the deepest horror. And he told gen-
tlemen once more that the North never would,
never could suffer another foot of slave territory,
or another slave State to come into this Union. If
the strife should come, gentlemen could not say
they had not been warned. They could pi event it
even now, if they would. But if they rejected
peaceful counsel, and were deaf to all remonstrance,
be the sin and the sorrow upon their own heads.
He protested against the admission of any more
territory; but if gentlemen would precipitate the
question upon the country, he trusted he should
meet it as he ought, and he said to all gentlemen
from the South, " be you prepared."
Andnow,outofrespectto his native State, and to
the memory and the rights of Daniel D. Tompkins,
once her patriotic Governor, he would yield the
floor to his friend, [Mr. Jenkins,] who wished to ,
speak to an amendment.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the commit-
tee proceeded to vote on amendments pending or
to be offered.
Mr. WENT WORTH rose and asked what was
the amendment pending.
The CHAIRMAN said it was to strike out the
twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth lines, touching the
President's salary.
Mr. WENT WORTH said that it had been said
that he made such a motion.
The CHAIRMAN said the Clerk had so min-
uted it. Does the gentleman withdraw the amend-
ment ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have made no motion
touching the President's salary, nor the twenty-
eight and twenty-ninth lines. My motion was
merely the usual one, to strike out the whole of
the first section—a motion made simply to hang
a speech upon.
The CHAIRMAN said such a motion was not
in order when made.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then there is no mo-
tion before the committee, and so none for me to
withdraw.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the item " For
compensation of theSecond Comptroller, the clerks
and messenger in his office," &c., by striking out
the words " $15,250,"and inserting, in lieu thereof,
" and for one additional clerk, at an annual salary
of $1,200, $16,450." Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the item " Fo1r
compensation to the First Auditor, the clerks, and
messenger in his office,"&c., by striking out the
words " $19,900," and inserting in lieu thereof,
" and for one additional clerk, at a salary of $1,150
per annum, §21,050." Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the item " For
compensation of the Register of the Treasury, the
clerks, messenger, assistant-messengers," <fec., by
striking out the sum of " $27,200," and inserting
" #98,800." Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment to come in
under the head of " In the office of the Register of
the Treasury,M " To pay expenses of procuring
a further supply of the certificates of registers of
vessels and lists of crews, $2,000." Agreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to amend the
item "For compensation of the Chief of the Bu-
reau of Medicines and Surgery, and to the clerks,
assistant-surgeon, and messenger in his office,
$6,600," by striking out the sum (t$600," and
inserting, in lieu thereof, "$800," so as to make
the amount $6,800. Agreed to.
Mr. HENLEY moved to amend the bill by
inserting, at the end of the -items for the Patent
Office, the following; which was agreed to:
" For the purchase of such scientific works as are neces-
sary for the u-se of the Patent Office, $1,000.
"For tiie collection of agricultural statistics and other
purposes, $3,000; Provided, That portion of the repoi t of the
Commissioner ot Patents relating to agricultural subjects
shall not exceed tour hundred pages.
" Winch several sums, amounting in the whole to $4,000,
shall be paid out of the patent fund.1'
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the item
"For compensation of four assistants, draw-keepers
' at the Potomac bridge, including oil for lamps
' and machinery, fire-wood, and repairs of bridge,
' §4,290." This amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the bill by
inserting, at the end of the items under the head
of "Judiciary," the following:
"The Secretaiy of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
pay to Griffin Tompkins, Hannah Ellsworth Westervelt, wi'e
of John WesterveJt, Sarah Ann, wife of Archibald Goidon,
Minthorne Tompkins, DanieJ H. Tompkins, Susan Maclaren,
wife of Richard G. Smith, and Kay Tompkins, children of
Darnel D. Tompkins, deceased, each one-eighth part of
f 49,795 02. and to Uie children of Arrietta M. Thompson,
eceased, also the eighth part of the sum of §49,795 02."
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Dromgoole) ruled the
amendment out of order.
Mr. RATHBUN appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
But the decision ofthe Chairwas sustained, and
the amendment declared out of order.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN moved to amend tl\e bill
by inserting, at the end of the items under the head
of "Judiciary," the following:
" For salaries of Governor, three judges, and Secretary,
$9,100.
" For contingent expense* of said Territory, $350.
" For compensation and mileage ot members ofthe Legis-
lative Assembly, pay of officers and attendants, printing,
stationery, fuel,and other incidental and contingent oxpLn<es,
$13,700 : Provided, That only hO much ofthe toregomg appro
priation« for Wisconsin Territory shall he withdrawn rrom
the trea<=uiy as may be necessary to defiay the expenses of
said Territory until the formation of a State Government
therein, and the admission of said State into the Union."
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNCxERFORD moved to amend the bill
by striking out the item " For compensation and
con tingent. expenses of the auxiliary guard, $6,675."
Agreed to.
Mr. HTJNGERFORD moved to amend the hill
by reducing the amount For the support and
maintenance of the penitentiary of the District of
Columbia" from $8,610 94, to $7,389 46. Agreed
to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend ^the bill by insert-
ing after the item "For the support and mainte-
nance of the penitentiary of the District of Colum-
bia" the following, which was agreed to:
"To make good the deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, $12 OUO."
Mr. FARAN, by direction of the Committee on
