886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6.
thought ought to have satisfied the Senator from
Michigan. But it did not. So far from being sat-
isfactory,on every occasion since, when it could be
done, whenever opportunity offered, the same idea
has been reasserted, although not with equal suc-
cess. Even on the resolution of thanks to the
commanding general and his gallant army, but a
day or two since, this declaration was introduced.
The Senator from Michigan had voted to retain it
in the resolution, but the effort had failed. And
imbv he insists on retaining the same proposition
ami incorporating it in this bill. Once again the
declaration is to be revived, to which a great por-
tion of the Senate had refused to agree, to drive
(although he acquitted the Senator from Michigan
of any such purpose) the Senate to sanction by
their vote the proposition that the war is a just and
necessary war on our part, brought on us by the
" act of Mexico. He (Mr. J.) coufd readily under-
stand why such a principle should be adopted in
any bill which was germain to the matter; but he
could see no propriety in its incorporation in a bill,
the sole purpose of which was stated to be the ob-
taining of a speedy and honoiable peace. It was
entirefy inconsistent with the character and object
of that bill. It had nothing to do with the meas-
ure with which it was now attempted to be incor-
porated. The country, however, had before it the
laivua^e of the preamble of the act of 13th May,
and would exercise a correct and independent
opinion regarding it.
[Here Mr. J. read the preamble.]
It would be seen that this preamble declares the
war to be just on our part, brought about solely by
the act of Mexico. The amendment now offered
contained a peculiar declaration. Congress, on
the 13th May, declaied that the war was brought
on us by the act of Mexico. We now are called
on, in a bill to terminate the war speedily and hon-
orably, to insert a declaration that the interests and
honor of the country require that it shall be vigor-
ously prosecuted. It was not necessary to cal!
up the dead to tell us that. A nation involved in
war is placed in a position jn which it is compelled,
without going out of its way to do it, to use every
effort to bring it to an honorable termination. But
that was not the object of the amendment. It was
regarded as necessary to a just and honorable ter-
mination of the war, that full indemnity should be
obtained from Mexico for the expenditures of the
Government, and all the wrongs which had been
inflicted on American citizens. What was the in-
demnity which was looked for? Wrhat is the
character of the indemnity which is desired? He
would quote the language of the President of the
United States, m order that the Senate might be
leminded of his views on the subject.
[Here Mr. J. read an extract from the Presi-
dent's message.]
Now, (said Mr. J.,) 1 am sure my friend from
Michigan is not prepared to soy that the President
claims'anything unreasonable m this part of his
message. If the Senator intends it to he under-
stood that the war is not to be brought to a termi-
nation until Mexico shall have given indemnity
for all our expenses during its progress, and for
all claims due to our citizens, how is this to be ob-
tained? Is it by purchasing a speedy peace, or by
a vigorous prosecution of the war? Why, this
bill is not reported for the purpose of vigorously
prosecuting the war. Whenever that has been
submitted to us as the object to be accomplished,
on this side the Chamber as well as on the other,
110 Senator has evinced the slightest disposition to
refuse all which has been demanded by the Presi-
dent to bring the war to a termination by this
mode. All the appropriations of money which he
has demanded have been unhesitatingly granted:
even against the sense of some of his own friends,
all the troops he has asked for, and precisely of
the description he has required, have been given
him. And there is an entire disposition to go
yet further. And whenever the President shall
think more aid necessary, he will find as many ad-
vocates on this side the Chamber as he has a right
to look for among his own political friends.
What, then, is the ehaiacter of this bill? Does
it look to a termination of the war by a vigorous
prosecution of it? iVo. It rather shows the
white feather, to use a common phrase. It fears—
and it is clearly founded on that apprehension—
that no such peace can be obtained trom a vigorous
irosecuUon of the war. The evident object ot the
■ill is not to fight, but to buy a peace.
£
Mr. J. then referred to the speech of the chair-
man of Foreign Relations in his introduction of the
hill, and quoted from it, as it was admitted by that
Senator to have been accurately reported, to show
that he had, probably inadvertently, by the haste
•with which he pressed the measure, as well as by
his language, been giving c< aid and comfort to the
enemy.'5 He warned the Senator from Arkansas
to be careful that he did not provoke Presidential
or Organic censure.
Here Mr. J.4tead a paragraph in Mr. Sevier's
speech, probably suggested (as Mr. J. said) in
some anxious colloquy with the manager of our
finances, in which it reads: ii On our part, we are
beginning to feel that we are engaged in an expen-
sive war,"&c.
The only thing here in which the Senator from
Arkansas had made any great mistake, was in say-
ing we are beginning to feel this. We had felt it
for some time past. Our people were to take pos-
session of Mexico, and then she was to be mulct-
ed of her territory to pay for the support of the
war. Peace, the Senator told us, will have to be
bought by the appropriation in this bill, if we
are to obtain it. Here was an evident contradic-
tion between two distinguished Senators: the one
asserting that peace must be obtained by a vigor-
ous prosecution of the war, and the other main-
taining that it must be acquired by purchase. The
Senator from Michigan must see the incongruity
of his amendment, if it were to be appended to the
bill by way of preamble.
Mr. J. then read the bill as it would appear
with the proposition of the Senator from Michi-
gan preceding it in the form of a preamble.
"VVe are to declare, that to obtain a just and
honorable peace, a vigorous prosecution of the
war was necessary, and then add, we will give
three millions to buy a peace. Would not this be
a most lame and impotent conclusion. We are
sword in hand to march up to our foe, threatening
to exterminate him, and then to stop short sud-
denly, and practically to say to him—"My dear
sir, you may have my sword, if you will do me
the favor to take my purse with it. and so let us
be quits.'' Would this look like a victorious and
honorable termination of the war? What is dis-
graceful in an individual is disgraceful in a nation.
And he would say to the Senator from Michigan,
that if he in good faith thought that peace could
only be honorably obtained by a vigorous prose-
ecution of the war, he ought to vote a°ainst a
proposition to obtain it by purchase, for so the
bill reads as it stands by itself.
[Mr. J. here read further extracts to show the
ground on which this bill was brought forward.]
Then it suggested itself to the Senator, on the
introduction of this bill, that there might be some
difficulty attending this matter. That country was
so distracted by factions, that the power of to-day
is succeeded by another to-morrow, and therefore a
treaty made to-day may be denounced to-morrow.
These difficulties stared the distinguished Senator
in the face, and he tried to obviate them. He
says:
" The President believed that Mexico, or a large part of it
—at all events a large majority of the people—would bo glad
to make peace. They have seen that they arc unequal to a
content with the (Jmted States—they have seen then-cities
captured bj our armies, or blockaded by our fleets—they
have seen a large poition of their territoiy subjugated by our
troops—they see our armies still triumphantly advancing into
tlie interior of their country—and theirs defeated in every
content. They have found thems-elvf si impoverished, and
their army and civil list sustained by furred and illegal exac-
tions upon her people, destitute of means, and no ltope of
obtaining it. Gloomyas this picture is on the part of Mexi-
co, should tnis war continue for a groat while longer, they
see that their condition will he still more oppressive, and the
terms on winch they can ultimately have peace, still more
onerous. Tins l5* the light in which, it is believed, a major-
ity of the people of Mexico view this war, and so viewing
it, the President thinks it at least probable, that if clothed
by Congress with the necessary means and discretion, that
he may be able to make peace with Mexico.'"
The terms on which they are to have peace still
more onerous! Why, it will take the whole of
Mexico, then, [a Senator exclaimed: Precisely;]
and they should hear from the opposite side of the
Chamber what they had frequently heard come
from the Senator from Michigan before—"The
whole or none !" [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. Only 54° 40'.
Mr. J. Yes, "54° 40'—all or none!" [Re-
newed laughter.] The Senator from Michigan
went for 54° 40', and nobody asked for more; and
now as then, he supposed that Senator would want
" all or none."
Mr. CASS. I went for all I could get.
Mr. J. Yes, 54° 40'—all or none. We must
all be satisfied with what we can get.
But to proceed: The Senator from Arkansas
goes on to say, that the intelligence possessed by
the President gave them reason to believe that
peace could be obtained. Unfortunately, the Seri-
ate did not enjoy the benefit of that intelligence.
The language of the Senator from Arkansas was:
"The intelligence possessed by the President gave them
reason to believe, that by a eeitain advance in money, to be
made to them in their exhausted and impoverished condi-
tion, to pay off their army arid other expenses, they would
be willing and able to make peace, and cede, for the objects
specified, that portion of the country he had named."
Now, he (Mr. J.) could not for his life see what
benefit this was to be to us. But before he pro-
ceeded, he would go a little further back. The
President of the United States, m his annual mes-
sage, in which he is justifying the permission
which he authorized to be given to Santa Ana to
return to Mexico, told us, among other things,
that the day war was declared—the 13th of May,
1846—that very day, he gave the order, or caused
the order to be given, that Santa Ana might be
permitted to return to Mexico. Now, this was an
extraordinary circumstance. The 13th day of May
was the very day on which Congress passed the
act recognising the war with Mexico, and on that
day the President gave permission to Santa Ana
to return. I will read what he says on this sub-
ject. It succeeds what I will read hereafter:
" In view of these facts and circumstances it was, that,
when orders were issued to the commander of our naval
foiee& in the Gulf, on the 13th day of May last, the day on
which the existence of the war had been recognised by Con-
gress. to place the coasts of Mexico under blockade, he was
i dnec-ted not to obstruct the passage ot Santa Ana to Mexi-
co, should he attempt to return."
Now what were the circumstances under which
the order was given, and what were the reasons
which resulted from those circumstances? He
tells us in the preceding part of the same message:
" Our object was the restoration of peace ; and with that
view, no reason was perceived whv we should take part
with Paredes, and aid hnn, by means of our blockade, in
preventing the leturn of his nval to Mexico. On the con-
trary, it was believed that the intestine divisions which or-
dinary sagacity could not but anticipate as the fruit of Santa
Ana's return to Mexico, and his contest with Paredes, might
stiongly tend to produce a disposition with both parties to
restofe and preserve peace with the United States."
The " intestine divisions" in which he might
involve Mexico! This was the avowal of the
President of the United States, of his reason for
such an extraordinary circumstance. The "in-
testine divisions" which Santa Ana's return to
Mexico was expected to occasion, was to bring
peace to the United States ! He expected to ob-
tain an " honorable and successful termination of
the war" by sending into the country of our ad-
versary a man to produce " intestine divisions!''
It was not to be accomplished by our arms and
our valor, but by supposing the return of one
whose tyranny had compelled the people to drive
him into exile, in the hope that his return would
be attended with "intestine divisions" and with a
revolution, involving the country in a civil war,
and creating by a civil war still greater embarrass-
ments than resulted from the contest with us, and
thus to induce them to enter into a peace, which,
if united, he feared we might not be able to con-
quer !
Well, he goes there. He goes attended by a
troop of officers. He passes our blockade by order
of the President of the United States. And the
moment he gets there he is found giving c< aid
and comfort to the enemy;" and he is enabled to
do this by this act of our President. The country
rises to receive him. All the resources of the na-
tion are put at his command. The dying hopes
of the people are revived through the instrumen-
tality of the President of the United States, and
Santa Ana now stands their leader, their chosen
leader—he who is the most successful and ap-
proved soldier that Mexico ever had. He is in vest-
ed with the command of from forty to fifty thou-
sand well chosen and well drilled troops; he has
the command of the country, and his will, by the
physical force which he is able to wield, must be
the will of the nation. Now, what effect must this
have on the nation ? It must draw closer their union,
revive their expiring hopes, reanimate their courage,
and create the determination to die in the last ditch
in defence of their soil. Of this, no Senator could
doubt who had heard, on another occasion, intel-
ligence from journals published in that country,
