THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 3847.
New Series No. 22.
read to this body by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Dix.] And while Santa Ana has been re-
turned to Mexico by the act of our President, we
are not able to meet him. In May last fifty thou-
sand men were placcd at the command of the Presi-
dent—all he asked; but he called out but a trifling
quota. And what was the War Secretary doing'"?
Why, as late as November last, he writes that no
moretroops will be wanted; butin five days after,
ten regiments are called into the field, and soon af-
ter this Congress comes together, ten more regi-
ments are asked for. How soon either of these
ten regiments can be mustered into the servicc it
will he impossible to say. It will take time. But
what was now proposed to be done ?
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] says
it may be difficult to secure a peace; the people of
Mexico may be exceedingly loth to terminate this
war; above all, they may be unwilling to give up
any portion of that territory, which was won by I
their valor, and portions of which are mired with '
their blood. But there is one way by which it
can be accomplished. The army is in the ascend-
ant: Santa Ana is at its head. If the army is
paid, they may be willing and able to ask for and
make a peace. But willing—how? Santa Ana is
willing: he is the President of the republic; and
he will be able, by force of that army which is at
his command, to put down opposition, or, by
means of this money, to buy up those who hesi-
tate. The President is to pay the chosen leader
of Mexico the price he asks, and then we may get
such a peace as the Senator says is anticipated in
the antecedent part of the message—a peace and
indemnity for what is due to our citizens, and for
the expense of the war by the cession of territory.
Now, he would put it to the Senator from Arkan-
sas, what he would say if Mexico should pass an
act such as this, appropriating three millions of1
dollars to buy a peace with the United States, sta- |
ting on its face, or in its commentary, that it was ]
expected to accomplish its object by buying up
Zachary Taylor and his troops > Would not ev-
ery heart revolt at such a proposition? Would
not the whole nation be roused to a state of indig-
nation, if such an attempt were to be made to tam-
per with our troops? And that Senator must see
he was doing the same thing by this commentary
of his. But peace cannot be made, says the Sen-
ator, practically, in the present state of things.
The difficulties are innumerable. The character
of the peace which we demand, and which alone
we can take, renders those obstacles absolutely in-
superable. But there is one way. We have in-
telligence from Mexico, which has been communi-
cated by the President to the committed to whom j
it is satisfactory, that such a peace can be ob- ;
tained—a peace dismembering Mexico; for that
must be the intelligence, he supposed, which could
warrant this particular bill. It was intelligence,
then, communicated to the President of the United
States, that we may buy up the army of Mexico,
put an end to the war, and get as much of that
country as we want.
Now, he would ask his friend from Michigan,
when he came to reply—for he knew that Senator
would reply—he would ask that Sc-nptor to say as
a soldier, with ail a soldier's pride—he asked him
as a statesman, imbued with a statesman's elevated
feeling—if he should consider a peaee obtained in
that way an honorable peace?
One thing could not avoid suggesting itself to
the Senate, and that was the inquiry, how it had
happened that in the months of May, June, July,
and August, last, when Santa Ana had the orders,
which had doubtless been communicated to him,
that he might return, he never started to go to
Mexico until the President here asked them in
secret session, and afterwards in public, to give
him two millions of dollars for this purpose? The
Senator from Arkansas, who is supposed necessa-
rily to consult the President, now asks for three
millions of dollars. How was this? Had Santa
Ana raised his demands? When the Senator from
Arkansas closed this debate, as he supposed that
Senator would, he hoped he would inform the Sen-
ate why it was that two millions were asked for m
22
August and three millions now? Was this addi-
tional sum to be considered as part of the expenses
of the war? How, then, were we to be paid for
paying the Mexican army? In Mexican^ terri-
tory? Were these three millions to be considered
as part of the expenses of the war?
We present the extraordinary spectacle of being
willing to have an army of our own in the field,
and an army of the Mexican Republic, and of
being willing, out of the treasury of the United
States, to pay the expenses of both, provided Santa
Ana will think proper to cede to the United States
at least New Mexico and Upper California. And
if he does not do it in a short time, as the Senator
intimates, we shall require a great deal more of
Mexican territory, if not the whole. Now this
appeared to him to be a most extraordinary posi-
tion. We are to make peace with Mexico, which,
by the very confession of the Senator's speech, is
broken down by contending factions, and from
day to day is afraid of its tyrants, amongst whom
she numbered this very Santa Ana that our Presi-
dent returns to them—they are afraid of, they
look with dread upon the army, which had been a
great cause of the oppressions of these down-trod-
den and impoverished people,—but we are to make
peace with them by pouring gifts into the hands
of that very army and that very leader, and then
transfer them, in spite of themselves, from the
institutions m which they have been bred, from
the associations in which they have been brought
up, and which they value, into our institutions—
into one of the portions of the United States—to be
subject to our laws. Now there is something
wrong; in this. The principle is wrong. He was
satisfied that the Senator from Arkansas and those
who thought with him did so on high and lofty
principle; but standing there as an American Sen-
ator, he felt called upon to say that a war of dis-
memberment was revolting to his moral sense of
propriety, honor, and justice.
But even in relation to ourselves, there was a
principle pervading the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan which to him was even more alarm-
ing. If he understood it, it was this: Congress,
having declared this war by the act of the 13th of
May, it was the duty of the United States to pros-
ecute it to a successful termination, and that was
only to be done by obtaining a reasonable indemni-
ty; and the management and the means of obtaining
that indemnity, rest exclusively with the President
of the United States. Now, he did not say that
this war was brought on by the act of the Presi-
dent of the United States, or that Mexico had the
right to find fault. Others said it was. He was
by no means sure but a majority of the people of
the United States thought so. He was not free
from doubt; bur it was the opinion of nil the eivil-
i7ed world, before whom the question was present-
ed. But where would this proposition which was
involved in the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan lead us? The President brings on a
war. He brings on a state of hostilities, to use '
a term of the Senator from South Carolina, as con- i
tradistinsuished from a state of war,—he biings j
on a state of hostilities, which is followed by a 1
slate of war, on which the Senator from South :
Carolina refused to vote—being the only one, he j
believed, that did refuse to vote 
Mr. BERRIEN. Oh, no.
Mr R. JOHNSON. The only one on the other
side of this Chamber he meant, That Senator
then thought there was nothing to satisfy him that
the war was brought on by the act of Mexico, or
there was evidence to satisfy him that it was not.
And how was it now? Our army was in peril. The
honor of the country was involved; the glory of its
flag was hazarded; and it must be saved at oil and
! every peril. Well, they passed the act of the
| President; they hastily leap to the conclusion that
| it was necessary to declare war to maintain the
I honor of the country; and they gave that declara-
: tion to the world. Now the war was upon them;
and what said the Senator from Michigan? The
power of Congress over its management is ex-
. hausted. The power of (Congress over not only
j its management, but its termination, and the terms
of its termination was exhausted. It must go on
until a treaty is negotiated by the President, and
presented by him to the Senate for ratification.
But what if he refuses to treat? What if he re-
fuses to listen to terms? If imbued with this
of territorial dominion which seemed to have seized
on so many, to the bewilderment of their judg-
ment, had he the right to go on until he buys them
into a condition to satisfy him, which, sooner or
later, if the war go on can only be by the cession
of the whole of their territory ? In such a case,
what were they to do ? Could they give no opinion ?
Nothing that would amount to a controlling opin-
ion ? Could they not give an opinion whicn? if
the President thought proper to resist, would in-
volve him in the dangers of a just impeachment?
He was not there to deny that the treaty-making
power was in the President. The House had
nothing to do with it. But he was there to main-
tain—looking at the distribution of the powers be-
tween the several pails of the Government—look-
ing to the reason which caused the whole power to
declare war to be vested in Congress—that Con-
gress must, according to the spirit of the Constitu-
tion, have some power to say how it was to be
conducted, and when it was to be terminated. And
above all, when it was announced, as one of the
objects of this war, that territory was to be acqui-
red—an extent of territory which, according to the
statement of the President's Message, was equal
to the whole extent of territory of the original
thirteen States of this Union. If territory had to
be acquired, the Congress of the United States had
the right to be heard as to its acquisition. The
inevitable result of a different doctrine would be
this—the President may bring us into a state of
hostility, which will compel Congress to declare
war; and he, thus having answered his object in
bringing us into such an extremity, may go on un-
til he gets tired with his triumphs or his defeats.
Now he was not sure, but he believed the Senator
from South Carolina was a member of the House
at the time war was declared in 1812; if so, that
Senator would be able to inform him whether the
causes of the war were not set out in the bill it-
self.
Mr. CALHOUN. In the report accompanying
the bill.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. In the report accompany-
ing the bill; but here we have no opportunity of
examining this declaration of war, ana the objects
for which it was to be prosecuted. That was not
permitted. In a spirit of patriotism, looking to
the exigencies of the nation, it was rushed through
without a moment's time for consideration. He
apprehended, however, if, on the 13th of May,
1846, the President had sent them a message con-
taining what was contained in the speech of the
honorable Senator from Arkansas, the chairman
of thfl Committee on Foreign Relations; or, in the
absence of a message from the President, they had
accompanied the act of the 13tli May, 1846, with
a report setting foith, as that Senator had done in
his opening speech, that the object of carryin<r on
this war was to get territory, and not to vindicate
existing rights—not to drive off supposed or alleged
in va 'ers of our soil—not to protect the sister State
of Texas, one of the States of this Union; but, in
order to pay our own ciuzens what was due to
them from Mexico, which Mexico was unable to
pav by reason of her poverty, we intended to
prosecute this war until we get California and
New Mexico,—that law would not have passed in
that shape—and it would not have passed for the
reasons so forcibly suggested by his friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Berries'.]
No man was so blind then—no man was so ab-
solutely blind now—as not to see that there are
questions which arise on the-acquisition ot any
, new territory which will certainly cause this Union
! to totter to its foundation. We have seen some in-
i dieations of the feeling which the South has on this
i subject, in the languase which the learned Senator
from Georgia had addressed to them. They had
! Seen it, if possible, still more excitingly manifested
i in the resolution proposed this morning: by the
I Senator from Alabama [Mr. Bagbt.] They had
