1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
cause. The House never certified vacancies to the
States in whose representation here they occurred.
It was not nccessary, any more than it was usual,
to do so. And it was never surely intended, or to
be apprehended, that upon such failure to certify,
the State or district should go unrepresented. If
that were so, it would be in the power of a mem-
ber, by leaving- the country, or possibly by expa-
triating himself, swearing allegiance to a foreign
Government, or otherwise disqualifying himself,
neglecting or refusing to resign, or to even give
notice to the House or its Speaker, to deprive his
constituents of all benefit of representation. The
States, and State authorities, and people, must be
expected to look after their own right of represent-
ation, and keep it full. For this purpose they
must look to vacancies when they should hanpen
in that representation, and hold elections to supply
them. They might be trusted, they always had
been trusted, to do this. And yet the House must
exercise, to some extent, a judgment also in the
matter.
In this view, he saw no difficulty in the objec-
tion which troubled some gentlemen, that if left so
far to the States or State authorities to judge, two
members or more might be sent to fill the same
seat. Not so; or if such a case did arise, it could
present no practical difficulty. Take the instance
now in hand, to illustrate. The State of Arkansas
constitutes one Congressional district. Mr. Yell
(now Colonel Yell) was elected and sent here to
represent the people of that State at the commence-
ment of this Congress last session. Suppose he
were here in his seat yet, instead of that seat be-
ing empty, as it is, and Mr. Newton were to come
with his certificate from the Governor of Arkan-
sas, accrediting him as a successor to fill the unex-
pired term of Mr. Yell. The seat being occupied,
the House would take notice of that fact. Here,
then, would be two gentlemen, each with creden-
tials from the proper authority, each of the cer-
tificates good upon its face, and containing prima
facie evidence of the riglrtto the seat. The House'
must determine between these proofs. The pre-
sumption would clearly be in favor of the sitting
member—the occupying claimant—and the oldest
titlu; the title-papers being otherwise the same and
of equal validity.
It was upon such superior presumption that the
House was continually acting. The first intima-
tion—at least, the first official intimation—the first
information upon the record which this House
generally had of a vacancy, was the appearance of
a successor to fill the unexpired term of the former
incumbent. It was so always in case of a death
of a member during the reccss. Take the case
occasioned in this Congress by the death of a mem-
ber from Alabama, [Mr. McConneil.] His succes-
sor [Mr. Bowdon] appeared here, at the first of
this session, with credentials just like those of Mr.
Kewton, and was permitted, as he should have
been, and as a matter of course, to take his seat;
and some days afterward, according to usual cus-
tom and courtesy, that gentleman made the first
official announcement of the death of his predeces-
sor, which had made the vacancy for him to fill.
Another honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cottrell,] he thought, had been peculiarly un-
fortunate in putting himself forward as an objector
to Mr. Newton's admission. That gentleman
[Mr. Cottrell] had made as able and ingenious
an argument against the right of the member elect
as the case was capable of*, but did it not occur to
him that his own case was an instance directly
against him? He [Mr. Cottrrll] had been elect-
ed to fill a vacancy occurring in this very Congress
by the resignation of Mr. Yancey; and the first
official notice of that resignation, and the only no-
tice, was contained in the certificate from the Gov-
ernor of his State, which the gentleman himself
Eresented, and upon which, without a question,
e had been allowed to fill the vacant seat.
But the gentleman, [Mr. Cottrell,] upon his
(Mr. S.) suggesting this to him while he was speak-
ing, saw that the authority of his own case was
clearly against him, and sought to get rid of it by
replying, that if he was improperly admitted, it was
no reason why Mr. Newton should be. "Two
wrongs," he said, " could never make a right."
But (said Mr. S.) though two wrongs—nor any
number of wrongs—can ever make a right, yet
surely a great many right decisions, uniformly
made and concurred in through a long succession
of years—indeed ever since the organization of the
Government and Congress—ought to be consid-
ered as "settling the practice and the law, if ever
any question could be settled. Such was the ac-
tion of the House in at least two other instances at
this very session of Congress. He alluded to the
cases of Colonel Price, of Missouri, and Colonel
Davis, of Mississippi, whose succcssors had been
admitted to their seats here without question, and
only upon the proof of vacancy contained in the
fact of their own election, and in the credentials
which they had produced. Cases might be multi-
plied without end. The prima facie case in such
instances had always been considered sufficient
and conclusive as to the right to take the seat, what-
ever might follow afterwards upon the question as
to whether a vacancy had existed to be filled or
not. The State determines that for itself, and
sends the successor, and the House acts upon the
weight of presumption which then arises in favor of
the member elect.
Now, what were the presumptions in this case?
Here was Mr. Newton, presenting himself with
proper and authentic credentials, in due form, re-
citing the vacancy which he was elected to fill. It
was all the proof we wanted—all the case he need-
ed to make out. The proof and presumption of
vacancy was alt in his favor; and there was no
sufficient presumption to oppose against that cer-
tificate and his right derived undent. It was true
the House knew that the scat had formerly been
held by Mr. Yell. But that was all. The House
now knew that the seat was in fact empty; that
Mr. Yell had left his place in fact before the end of
last session, sometime in June or July, perhaps,
and had never occupied the seat since. It hap-
pened to be notorious, also, whether we had or had
not yet official knowledge of the fact, that he had
become a colonel in the service of the Government,
and was now with the army in Mexico. More-
over, it was also the fact, he believed, in the case
of Colonel Price, that he had settled with the Ser-
geant-at-Arms for his pay as a member of Congress
up to the day of his leaving here last session, and
had never claimed a dollar since. He had not.
like some other gentleman, in like case, continued
to draw his pay as a memher, after the time of his
leaving Washington. But it was unnecessary to
multiply these presumptions in favor of the vacan-
cy. In the absence of Colonel Yell, the certificate
of the Governor of Arkansas presented by Mr.
Newton, was enough, and was to be taken as evi-
dence of the fact. These other circumstances
were''only cumulative proof for the House to con-
sider, if necessary, corroborating the fact establish-
ed by the production of these last credentials.
Mr. S coucluded, by expressing a hope that the
House would not, by refusing Mr. Newton his
seat, or to be admitted to be sworn in immediate-
ly, do anything that might look like a disposition
to disturb a wholesome, reasonable, clear, and
long-settled practice of this House.
[It now appeared by an official statement made
in reply to a call of the House by the Adjutant
General, of the names of members of Congress
who had received commissions and been mustered
into the service of the United States, that Archi-
bald Yell was amongst the number.
As soon as this document was read, members
withdrew all opposition.]
The previous question was moved by Mr.
NORRIS, and seconded. The main question was
ordered. The amendment of Mr. Thomasson was
agreed to; and thus amended, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. Newton was then qualified and took his
seat.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
The Senate notified the House, by their Secre-
tary, of their disagreement to the amendment of
the House to their amendment to the bill to raise
for a limited time an additional military force, and
for other purposes, and asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and that
they* had appointed Messrs. Dix, Crittenden,
and Cass, conferees on their part.
On motion of Mr. BOYD,
Resolved, That the House insist on their amend- ||
PRIVATE BILLS. . .
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the Hcjuse re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Davis, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the bills on the private cal-
endar.
Mr; SEAMAN moved that all the bills on the
calendar preceding the bill for the relief of the heirs
of Daniel D. Tompkins, be informally passed over,
and that that bill be taken up and considered.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Chair if the motion
was in order?
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was.
Mr. COBB appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
And the question on the appeal being put, the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question was then put on postponing, and
no quorum voted.
The committee rose, and the CHAIRMAN re-
ported the fact to the House.
Mr. SEAMAN moved that the House again re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DANIEL moved a call, which, being a
priviliged motion, was first put, and decided by
tellers: Ayes 05, noes 109.
The call being refused, and a quorum appearing,
the House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Davis, of Kentucky, in the
Chair,) and proceeded to consider the bills on the
private calendar.
Mr. SEAMAN now withdrew his motion to
i postpone.
J And the bill first on the calendar, for the relief
; of the heirs of Lieutenant Thomas Wishart was
taken up and read.
Mr. ST. JOHN moved that the bill be reported
to the Flouse, with the recommendation that it do
not pass.
PERSONAL.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose and commenced to
read some remarks.
Mr. KENNEDY rose to a question of order.
The CHAIR decided that, so far as Mr. Went-
ivorth had spoken, his remarks were in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH again commenced to read
his remark^
But Mr. KENNEDY again called to order, and
the CHAIR decided the remarks of Mr. Went-
ivorth not pertinent to the subject before the
House, and therefore out of order.
Some further conversation ensued between Mr.
WENTWORTH, Mr. KENNEDY, and others;
during which—
Mr. WENTWORTH said, that in consequence
of "not being permitted to proceed in his speech, he
would send his remarks, intended to be spoken, to
the preas for publication.
[These remarks are as follows:
For making a speech in defence of my course
upon three questions, viz: improvement of harbors
and rivers, a tax upon tea and coffee, and the ex-
clusion of slavery from Territories where none
now exists, I was grossly assaulted by the editor
I of the Union. This was an attack not only upon
: me, but upon the people whom I now represent,
i J had voted for narbor and river bills repeatedly
' before my last triumphant reelection, as had some
| of the most distinguished gentlemen in the Demo-
| cratic party. Among them I notice even a Demo-
I cratic member from the President's own State,
! [Mr. Stanton.] In addition to the approval of
! my immediate constituents, I send you to be read
\ the following recent instructions from the Legisla-
1 ture of Illinois:
i « Resolved by the Senate, (the House concurring herein})
i That our Senators in the Senate of the United States be in-
i strutted and our Repiesentatives be requested to use their
! bf^t exertions to procure at the present session the passage
1 of a law by Congress making apptopriations for the improve-
i ment of the Mississippi river, and Uie lake harbors,
t " Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a
I certified copy of this resolution to our Senators and eaeij of
j our Representatives in Congiess.^^^
I " Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
i "JOSEPH H. WELLS,
j <• Speaker of the Senate
I had always been for free tea and free coffee;
ments to the amendments of tlie Senate; and that ,1 al1d whenever I spoke upon the tariff question I so
a Committee of Conference on the part ot the jj told my constituents, ana they sustained me. Ana
House be appointed. _ j; upon liiv resolution I was sustained b^ya majority
. ,, of the Democratic party of this House.
GERsoLL"were appointed to conduct the conference, jj
And Mr. Boyd, Mr. Morse, and Mr. .T. R. In-
..ersoll, were appointed t
on the part of the House,
