342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
strike out the tea and coffee tax, and the Demo-
cratic House of Representatives concurred with
him. That Committee of Ways and Means, still
Democratic, refuses to report the tea and coffee
tax. Of the five members upon that committee,
three of them voted for my resolution.
Talk as you please about letters here from per-
sons of my district, hoping to whine themselves
into office by misrepresenting public sentiment
there, I must be permitted to say that 1 have let-
ters—an immense quantity of them, too—from men
of all classes, from laborers, farmers, mechanics,
&c., thevbone and sinew of the Democracy, sus-
taining me. Here is the way they talk; I will lead
but one:
" I cannot close this note without boaiiru? testimony to
the golden opinions you have won for yourself from all par-
ties here in the noble stand you ha\o taken in relation to
the odious tea and coffee tax. That was a noble det;d, that
resolution. The poor will bless you for it."
Sir, I can show the names to my letters. I shelter
myself behind no anonymous correspondence.
The Wilmot proviso also received my support
before my last election, as it did that of an over-
whelming majority of the Democrats from the non- |
slaveholding States of this Union. The most of 1
the free States have instructed their Senators and
requested their Representatives to support the doc-
trines of that proviso. Those instructions from
New York and Pennsylvania just arrived had only
fifteen votes opposition in both Houses in both
States.
The cry that this proviso should come up as a
separate bill, on its own merits, is as deceptive as
was the kiss of Judas. Its friends have tried every
honorable means to bring it before the House, and
they still are anxious to take it up by itself; and
then, when both Houses have passed it, and the
President has signed it, its friends will be the last
to embarrass the three million proposition. I call
upon men making tins cry to show their sincerity ;
now while they have an opportunity, and I prom-
ise to aid them. I remember that Texas was rush-
ed .into the Union ahead of Oregon by a like de-
ceptive cry. That secured, half of Oregon was
given away. When northern men objected to so
much slave power in Texas, the cry was, " Ore-
gon will balance it I" Now, half of Oregon is
gone to Great Britain, and the slave-power claims
the balance. Look at the vote in this House ! It
was purely sectional. And yet, with the fact stal-
ing us in the face that the Senate committee have
moved to strike out the lree cl uise in the Oregon
bill, we are again a^kod to "lie low and keep
dark" upon the subject of slavery in California.
J will do no such thing. On (he contrary, I pin-
claim the alarm to the North, and tell it that, whilst
the Wilmot proviso passed this House at the last
session, there is danger, great danger, that, the
Herculean clforts made here to defeat it will pre-
vail. The ayes and noes upon Mr. Kin*g1s piop-
osition show its fate when taken by itself; and
it now must go wtih the three million bill, or fiee
laboi is shut out of the California.? fuievei.
My offence hath " this extent, no rno;e." The
assault, upon me is generally believed to have been
intended for otheis through me. Injure me it
could not, as I am reflected, even if my constituents
thought otherwise upon the points. But there are
Democrats} entertaining similar opinions who are
candidates for reflection. I was perhaps selected
as the originator of the anti-tax resolution, and the
maker of the first speech in defence of it. In this
light I stood out as a mark for my opponent?,
like Saul anions the piophets, head a:ul shoulders
above the rest. My time IasU as long as that of the
present Administration does—an Administration
that I have never attacked unless my independence
as a legislator m opposing mensnres upon which I
was pledged before I came here may he so consid-
ered. If to vote ,gainst the measures recommended
in any instance by the Administration be to oppose
it, then thero stands not one, no not one, as the
journals will show, our of this opposition. To men-
tion one more instance in the Tennessee Democratic
delegation, 1 ha\u recently had my attention called
to the fact that twu other* [Mcssts. Joxks and Mar-
tin] bolted at the last session on the Attorney Gen-
eral question, as recommended by the President.
I said the other day that 1 shouhl support Mr.
Polk, any member of his Cabinet, or any other'
Democrat who should be the nominee of the next
Baltimoie Convention, ami those constituents of,
mine, thus grossly assaulted thiough a Representa-
tive who \\ as elected the third time upon au avowal
of these very sentiments, stand pledged to give that
nominee a gi eater number and a greater majority
than any other district in the United States._ As
to who shall be the nominee I have no opinion
now, and, if I had, I would do nothing to bias the
judgment of the people in their conventions. And
whilst I say this, I add that it is a notorious fact,
that the ablest champions of the tea and coffee tax
are opposed to having any convention at all to
nominate a President, and will not agree to abide
its decision. A larger number still will not agree
to any nomination unless made by a two-thirds
majority.
One more reason that the editor would not be
likely to single me out personally for an attack, is
the fact, known to him, that I am one of his best
patrons. I take a daily, four weekly, and twenty-
five copies of the tri-weekly Union; making eighty-
five copies of his paper sent to my district weekly.
I have never feared to have his tea and coffee stric-
tures read in my district.
Again, although reelected, I believe no member
of Congress has sent more Democratic speeches to
his district in fa\or of the Administration than I
have; and the books of Messrs. Blair & Rives will
show for themselves. Why, sir, I have sent home
five hundred of the speech of Hon. Barkxey Mar-
tin, the member of Congress from Mr. Polk's own
district, five hundred of Mr. Jomes, of Georgia, five
hundred of Mr. Bowlin, of Missouri, &c., com-
pi ising an assortment of all the speeches delivered.
Yet, forsooth, the cry is, aShoot the deserter!"
This is the way I oppose Democracy. And, sir,
I contend, for a great variety of other reasons, that
this attack was not made for me alone. Nail me
to the wall, and there is a lesson for others:
" Yi>, living men, conic view the ground
Whore you must shoitlj lie."
But I hope members will not be intimidated, but
will stand up, in spite of all opposition, to those
questions where the interest of their constituents
are so deeply involved.
Another design was, to strike another blow at
the candidates for the Presidency from the free
States, and thus make more sure the election of
his favorite. It is known that we have some free-
State Democrats still unbilled.
In one respect this attack will have just the op-
posite effect from the one intended. It will do me
good. It will show to my constituents that there
is no power so great as to make me falter in the
advocacy of their interests, or in redeeming the
pledges made by me before my election. But for
thr effect of such attacks m New Hampshire, in
Maine, in Virginia, in Kentucky, in Tennessee,
and other States where elections are pending, and
wheic men voting with me upon the subject of tea
and coffee are candidates for reelection, I have fears,
and so have the ablest Democratic newspapers and
statesmen m this country. In what States can the
Democrats carry the elections, if eveiy man in the
country who favors free tea and free coffee, Jack-
son's doctiineof improving harbors and rivers,
and keeping slavery out of territory now free, is
prohibited from voting the Democratic ticket.-1 I
protest against all such attempts to proscribe them.
This attack, the day on which it was published,
1 repelled satisfactorily to myself. Neither my
speech nor my subsequent defence have been
copied into the Union, of which I take so many
conies. Still insisting that [ am a Whig, the edi-
tor of the Union gives notice that he has dropped
me, and turns me over to my constituents, a tribu-
nal before which I proudly appear, and to whom
I never appealed in vain.
Let those who read Mr. Ritchie's calumnies
upon me remember that lie has uUered worse ones
against General Jackson, for which the Old Hero
never forgave him, and scorned, under any and
every circumstance, to ever write him a letter. He
cannot show even the autograph of General Jack-
son directed to himself. On the contrary, he warn-
ed, from the time he first heard of the proposition
to the last hour of his life, the Democrats against
the fatal consequences of making him the organ !
As often before, the predictions of Andrew Jack-
son have become history. He said his coming
here would tend to that \ery result which now so
disastrously threatens the Democratic party. In
the Democratic Review for July and August, 1845,
1 is a fac-simile of an extract of what is said to be
the very last letter of General Jackson. That ex-
I tract tells what he thinks of Mr. Blair, proscribed
1 to make way for Mr. Ritchie, and the suppressed
part, with other letters of his in this district, will
tell the balance:
Facsimile of the concluding paragraph of a letter from
General Jackson to JP. P. Blair, dated
" Hermitage, Jlp il 9,1845.
" This may be the la^t letter i may he jihle to write you ;
but, li\ e or die, I am your friend, (and never deseited one
for policy,) and leave my paper* and reputation in your keep-
ing. As far as justice is duo to my fame, I know you will
shield it. I ask no more. 1 rest upon truth, and" require
nothing but what truth will mete to me. All my household
join me in kind wishes fur your health and piosperity and
that of all your family, anri'that you may triumph over all
enemies. May God's choicest blessings be bestowed upon you
and yours thiough life, i  thepiaver of your sincere friend,
uANDREW JACKSON."
" Yet far more pleasure Rlair in exile feels
Than Ritchie with the loaves and fishes at his heels."
Now, would it not be best, in all cases, to let
Congressmen and their constituents settle their own
matters, and especially an intelligent body of men
like mine, who will always know how their repre-
sentative votes, and who hold a more effective lash
for the renegade than any editor in this District
can wield ?
Had Mr. Ritchie referred me to my constituents
and there stopped, I should have had nothing fur-
ther to say. But he brings to his aid an anony-
mous office-seeker from Chicago, whose name he
suppresses, lest it should of itself be a refutation of
the lies contained in it. This letter Mr. Ritchie
ought to have known was more intended as an at-
tack upon the respectable officeholders in my dis-
trict (one of whose places he wants, but whose
character will ever prevent his getting) than upon
me. Though a stranger to Mr. R. entirely, he
wants his influence as a passpoit to the " loaves
and fibhes." This political piostitute knows too
much to apply to the Illinois people or to her del-
egation for office.
Chicago people want their own wheat, corn,
pork, beef, &c., taxed to make their harbor!
Chicago people want tea and coffee taxed, when
other articles will bear a duty with less oppression
Upon the poor! Chicago people in favor of sla-
very in Oregon and California ! I pronounce all
such assertions as this as a gross libel upon her
citizen^" Her people knew that I was opposed to
all this, and yet they gave me eight hundred ma-
jority in spite of Whigs, Abolitionists, and Mr.
Ritchie's correspondent besides, and in my district
they gave me nearly six thousand majority.
Why should I turn Whig? I have received
every office at the hands of every one that I ever
asked to grant it. All my political aspirations
have been realized, and the cup of my ambition is
full. I hold the highest office in the gift of my
people until the 4th of March, 1849. The Whigs
of my district and State are in a hopeless minority,
and hence they could not, if they would, and they
would not if they could, favor my claims for any-
thing. Mr. Ritchie, worse used than any other man
ever known under such circumstances by the two
Democratic Houses, is out of office on the coming
4th of March. After that we shall hear no more of
him as n public printer, and when the pap goes he
goes. His ruling passion now is revenge; revenge
for cutting down ins pay and abolishing his office.
Hence his attacks upon the majority of this House
for passing the harbor and river bill, the Wilmot
proviso, and the resolution against taxing tea and
coffee. By his personal attacks on me, reelected,
he hopes to defeat, and thus revenge himself upon,
members who are candidates for reelection.
With these remarks, I postpone all further con-
troversy with him until after the presidential elec-
tion in 1348, and I will then let the public decide
who has bpen the renegade, and whose course, his
or mine, has tended most to the union, stiength,
and triumph, of Democracy.
Sui'PLP-NiFN'TAL.—All personal explanations are out of
otder. Let one man object to a peisonaJ explanation, and
it ic as good n> any numbci los than one-third of the House,
fhvini; the columns ot tiie Union closed to me, [ was desi-
rous to see whether itssupporteis, on the issues it has made
with me, would object to my replying to its attacks m Com-
mittee of the Whole, where a speech could only be made
hy unaiiimoiH consent. I perseveied in my attempts to
speak, until I must have satisfied eveiy one that objections
would he persevered in to the very la^t. My object was
attained. The Union would not publish my remark*., arid
in friends objected to my speaking. The Union of Sunday
morning represent'' that theie were mam disgraceful pio-
cccdm s in the House, m order to hinder my reply to its
attacks. Ifthis were so. it is only disgraceful to those who
would resort to them, and never can injuie me. But so far
my knowledge extend*., the proceeding were entirely
respectful, and the objection to my speaking was confined
to the points of order, which, I am tree to confess, were
against me, if persisted m. But it was necessary for me to
