1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
show to the world how far the opposition to mc upon these
issues was carried. So, whether the Union's report bo cor-
rect or incorrect, is moi c a matter concerning those desn ing
to proscribe me, and, through me, all those whose senti-
ments I correctly represent, than myself.]
private Sills.
The bill for the relief of John Ericsson was then
taken up.
This bill was debated by Messrs. T. B. KING,
DANIEL, HUNGERFORD, WHITE, MIL-
LER, J. A. ROCKWELL, LEVIN, and WOOD;
and, without coming to any decision—
The committee rose, and the CHAIRMAN re-
ported that the committee had considered the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant Thomas
Wishart, and had directed him to report the same
to the House, with the recommendation that it do
not pass; and had also considered the bill for the
relief of John Ericsson, and had come to no de-
cision thereon.
interest ON public debt.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill to provide for the payment
of any interest falling due on the public debt, which
was read; and,
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole (Mr. Gordon
in the chair) on the said bill.
The bill was read.
The committee rose, and reported the same to
the House.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, was
engrossed, read a third time, and passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. T. B. KING moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further consideration
of the bill for the relief of John Ericsson. The
motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WILMOT, by leave, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, requesting the
Senators and Representatives from that State in the
Congress of the United States to vote against any
measure whatever by which territory will accrue
to the Union, unless slavery or involuntary servi-
tude, except for crime, be forever prohibited. Com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on'the state
of the Union.
Mr. HASTINGS offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, respectfully requested not to
suspend the sale of the reserved mineral lands ad-
vertised for sale at Dubuque, Iowa, unless request-
ed so to do by the settlers thereon.
The resolution was not adopted.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES, by leave, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to pro-
vide for the increase of the marine corps of the
United States. Read and committed.
Mr. F1CKLIN, notice having been heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to grant to the States of Indiana and Illinois the
privilege of improving the navigation of the Wabash
river. Referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
revolutionary pension bill.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30, 1848, which
was reported to the House on Monday last bv the
Committee of the Whole, with an amendment.
The question was taken oil the amendment, and
it was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, was
engrossed, read a third time, passed, and sent to
the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. PRESTON KING, by leave, presented
resolutions of the Legislature of New York, simi-
lar to those presented by Mr. Wilmot from the
Legislature of Pennsylvania; which was commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HARMANSON moved that the House
adjourn; which motion was rejected.
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House. The
motion was rejected.
The House then adjourned.
Correction.—In the sixth paragiaph ofthe sketch of Mr.
Wick's remarks made in the House on Tuesday last, pub-
lished on page 314 of Concessional Globe, for "dhect,"
read indirect taxation.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. WRIGHT, of New Jersey: The petition of Clara
R. Cobb, asking for a pension.
( By Mr. HAItPER: The petition of Trefphey Campbell,
| praying for the benefit of the acts of Congress granting half-
pav pensions to the widows of revolutionary soldieis.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The petition of51 citizens of
Milford, Oakland county, Michigan, to bring the war with
Mexico to a speedy close, if possible, without a further effu-
sion of blood.
By Mi. YOST: Three petitions from citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying for the immediate dissolution ofthe Ameri-
can Union.
By Mr - ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts: The petition of
20 citizens of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, praying that the
public lands shall be laid out m farms and lots, for the free
use of such citizens (not possessed of other lands) as will
occupy them.
By Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin: Two petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, asking a mail-route from Summit, via
Oconemonoe and Iiustis's Rapids, to the county seat of
Dodge county.
By Mr. McCLELLANl): The memoiial of citizens of
New York in favor of an approptiation lor the haihorat
Dunkirk, NcwYoik. Also, the petition of Isaac Barnes,
for preemption to lands in Oieiron.
By Mi. STEWART: The petition of a laige number of
the ladio of western Virginia, m favor of lncieasing the paj
of volunteer*.
By Mr. TILDEN: The petition of John Hauuon and 31
other citizens ot Ravenna, Poitage eountv, Ohio, ptaying
for the passage of a law donating the public lands to actual
settlers.
By Mr. MdLVAJNE: The petition of Chandler Darling-
ton and 31 otheis, citizens of Cheater count}, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to vote no more supplies for the prosecu-
tion ot offen-ive operations in Mexico, and that measures
betaken for the withdrawal ofthe army within the acknowl-
edged limits of the United States.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The memorial of the executors of the
will of the late William Baitlet, E-q., of Newbin>port, m
the State of Massachusetts, pravirig that indemnity may be
made by Congress for spoliations by Fiancc upon Amei ican
commerce between and during the yeais 1793 arid 1800, or
restore to them their claims and their remedy against
France.
By Mr. RIPLEY: A petition of inhabitants of Manlius,
New York, asking for the termination of the war with Mex-
ico without the fuithei effusion ot blood.
By Mr. WM. W. CAMPBELL : 'Die memorial of the
Chambei of Connneice ofNew York, pia>iug the establish-
ment of a bureau of hvdiography and longnnde.
By Mr. STEWART, of Penn^vharua. The petition of
John H.urigan, claiming an invalid pension.
Bv Mr. R„ SMITH : The memoiiu! ot s'^-ontv-one voters
of Madison county, Illinois, praung Congre-> to use all
constitutional means to bring the war with Mexico to a
speedy close, if possible, without any fuithei efTu.-ion of
blood.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Ornt Fouler and others,
inhabitants of Fall river, praying that the present war with
Mexico may be brought to a speedy termination, without the
further effusion of human blood.
By Mr. RAMSEY : The petition of George Miller and 19
others, asking such modification of the Constitution as will
lead to the entire abolition of slavery.
ByMi.HOGE: The petition of Daniel Wann and 483
others, citizens of Illinois and Wisconsin, praj ing increased
duties on the manufactures of lead. Also, the petition of
Rumsey Hatch and 43 others, citizens of Illinois, a-king the
continuation ofthe mail route from Chicago to Ro«coe vv< st-
ward, via Harrison, Rock Grove, Omcco, arid Wmslow, to
Galena, via the State of Illinois,
IN SENATE. |
Monday, February 8, 1847. i
The VICE PRESIDENT of the United States I
laid before the Senate a communication from the j
Navy Department, showing the balances of appro- j;
priations on the 1st July, 1845, and the appropria- ;;
tions made for the fiscal venr 1845-6, with the j.
amounts drawn by requisitions, and the balances |
on the 1st July, 1846; which was ordered to be \
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented divers resolutions i
of instruction from the Legislature of Florida. !
One for the erection of a light-house at New Smyr- ,
na; one for the erection of a light-house on Egmont ;
Key; one for the erection of a light-honse at Indian ij
River bar, and one for the erection of a light-house '
at Suwanee river Also, in relation to the claims |
of Florida to a proportion of the surplus revenue; !
also, in relation to the dilapidated condition of the
bridge over St. Sebastian river; also, m relation to ,
certain mail routes; also, in relation to the property ;
destroyed by the Seminole Indians during the war; 1
also, in relation to a postoffice at Fernandina; also, 1
to endeavor to procure a grant to the State of Flo-
rida of the barracks and grounds belonging to the 1
United States at St. Augustine.
In presenting the latter resolution, Mr. W. took ]
occasion to call the attention of the Senate to the j
facts ofthe ease. * Before the cession of Florida to ;
the United States, this building belonged to the ,
Spanish Government, and was occupied as a con-1
vent. Afterwards, the Executive of the United
States, in opposition to the wish of the Catholic
population, in violation of the religious feeling of
the community, and without the authority of Con-
gress, took possession of this building, and had
held it ever since as barracks. He thought it dis-
reputable to the United States, that this place had
been so occupied, outraging the religious feelings
of the Catholics of St. Augustine. It would be
eminently proper to devote it to some more con-
genial purpose, to wit: that of education; and he
would call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs especially to the
subject. It was desirable to found a college in the
State, and to obtain a grant of this building and
grounds for that purpose, in which the Catholics
as well as all other religious denominations heartily
concurred.
Mr. STURGEON presented resolutions of the -
Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing their Sena-
tors to vote against any measure whatever by which
territory will accrue to the Union, unless, as a part
of the fundamental law on which such treaty is
based, slavery or involuntary servitude shall for-
ever be prohibited.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of the
Irish Emigrant Society ofNew York, praying that
a surgeon may be employed when there are more
than fifty passengers, and for other regulations on
board of emigrant ships; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of citizens of
Stonington, Connecticut, praying for the establish-
ment of a floating-light at Fisher's Island river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, the petition of the deputy postmaster, ask-
ing to be allowed pay for clerks; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a remonstrance of
a number of citizens of New York, against any
increase m the rates of postage; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also the petition of John B. Goodenough, pray-
ing for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Pennsylvania
praying for such an amendment of the Constitu-
tion as would lead to the abolition of slavery; the
motion for the reception of which was laid on the
table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Pur-
ser McBlair; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of citizens
of Salem, New Jersey, praying that measures
may be adopted to convene a Congress of nations;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Daniel Barber, wounded in the navy; which was
referred to the Committee of Naval AlFairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of citizens
of Fredericksburg, Virginia, on the subject of a
division of the district of the United States Court;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CILLEY presented the petition of citizens
of New Hampshire, asking for some means to be
adopted to terminate the war; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mi. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance: The bill from the House making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
on the 3d June, 1848, with certain amendments.
Mr. S. gave notice that he should call up the
bill during the morning hour to-morrow.
By Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs: A bill for the relief of the heirs of
Andrew D. Crosby.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
relief of William A. Christian.
By Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs: The joint resolution from the House
relative to the preparation and presentation of med-
als to certain British, French, and Spanish officers,
without amendment.
MIT.TTVRY ACADEMY, ETC.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to take up the bill from
the House making appropriations for the support
