844
TPHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
of the Military Academv at West Point for the
year ending June 30, 1848", which motion having
been agreed to, the bill was amended, and the
amendments then ordered to be engrossed; and, by
unanimous consent, the bill was re&d a third time
and passed.
The bill to change the time of holding one of
the terms of the circuit court of the United States
in the district of North Carolina was read a third
time and passed.
INTEREST ON PUBLIC DEBTS.
A message was received from the House, an-
nouncing the passage of the bill to provide for the
payment of any interest falling due on the public
debt.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to proceed to the imme-
diate consideration of said bill. It was indispens-
able that it should be disposed of at once, as he
learned that some of the interest would fall due to-
morrow.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered as in committee of the whole, and, no
amendment having been ottered, the bill was read
a third time by unanimous consent, and passed.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the bills relating to
the Post Office Department were taken up, and
made the special order for Monday next.
The joint resolution relating to the publication
of the maps and charts of the boundary lines be-
tween the States and foreign territory, svas read a
third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Blanchard was
amended by unanimous consent, and having been
read a third time,
Mr. TURjYEY' said, as the bill involved vei y
important principles, he should demand the yeas
and nays on the passage; which were ordered.
The question on the passage of the bill having
been put by the Chair, it was decided in the affirm-
ative, as follows?
YEAS—Archer, A^hlev, Atchison, Bad«er, Bag-
by, Bemen, Breesr-, Butler, Chalmers, CiHey,Tho*."Clayton,
John >1. Clayton, Cnrwm, Dayton, Evans?, Gremie, Hanne-
gan, Huntington. Jainn.j  n, Miingmn, Masou, Miller, More-
head, Pearce, Speight, and Sturgeon,—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton,Niles, Sevier, and Tuvncy—4.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill making further
appropriation to bring the war with Mexico to a
speedy and honorable conclusion; the question
pending being the amendment of Mr. Cass, to sub-
stitute for the amendment of Mr. Bf.hrik.v, the
following:
"And it io hereby declarer! to be the trueinrent rind mean
ing of Congress, in making tins appiopi jafton. that as, by the
act of the republic of Meuco, a vfpfe or" war exists hf-tween
that Government and tli« United Stat--J«, a ieeah!j to the
declaration made by act of Conirri"^ on the l.'ith of M;i\
Iheiefore the interest and honoi of tin* country leijniie that
the said war should ha vigorously prosecuted to a successful
i=stift ; and that a ierwmalil<' indemnity bhouid be obtained
from Mexico for the wrongs xhc has commuted towards riie
Government and citizens of the United Sute*.
^And it is further d'rinred that the nature and extent
of such indemnities arc proper subject-- in the fir-t instance
for Executive consideration, uhen negotiations for oeace
may he opened between this countrvand Mexico, subject to
the nchuii of the Senate on the question of lauficatiou.''
Mr. MOREHEAD rose to address the Senate.
He stated his wish to ask the attention of the Sen-
ate while he endeavored to piesent his views in
relation to a measure equally interesting and im-
portant to the country It was w ith great reluc-
tance that he deemed it to be hi* duty to encroach
at all upon the time of the Senate, or in any degree
to participate in the discussion. But there were
considerations which imposed it as a solemn duty
on those who viewed the subject m the same light
he did to give their sentiments as to the policy
which had led to the measme now submitted for
the consideration of the Senate.
The bill proposed to appropriate the sum of three
millions, to be applied, und^r the direction of the
President of the United States, to defray such ex-
traordinary expenditures as might be necessary to
bring the war to a speedy and honorable conclu-
sion. What these extraordinary expenditures
•were, the bill did not state, ana no" information on
this point had been given '-'.V the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, or by any of the
friends of the Administration. Of one thing we
must be assured, that this appropriation was be-
yond all the sums ordinarily necessary for the
prosecution of a war, and that it was lo be expend-
ed for the purpose of bringing the war to a conclu-
sion. Among the various modes by which the
war might be terminated, might be named its vig-
orous and successful prosecution, by the combined
efforts of our army and navy, by blockading ports,
capturing the enemy's vessels, subduing towns,
taking possession of provinces, and overrunning
territories. But all these objects might be accom-
plished by the application of the ordinary expend-
itures. There might be extraordinary events,
growing out of the victories and triumphs of our
army; there might be some enterprises in keeping
with the former glory of our navy; but these might
be met by the ordinary appropriations. Another
mode of terminating fhe war might be by means
of negotiation. To effect this, the President might
ask for the appointment of a commission, to which
he (Mr. M.) did not doubt that the Senate would
hasten to give its approbation, for the purpose of
opening a negotiation. But the expenses of such
a commission would be provided for by the ordi-
nary course of appropriation. There might, how-
ever, be other objects than those he had enumera-
ted, other means to be employed, other influences
to be brought into action, to be applied without
reference to the legislative authority, but exclusive-
ly by the. President. The bill says, that this sum
of three millions shall be expended under the
direction of the Piesident. According to the lan-
guage of the bill, he is to be governed, in its ex-
penditure, only by his personal will and uncon-
trolled pleasure. It is to be expended, therefore,
in some mode of which the people can have no
knowledge, and in which the legislative branch
can exercise no advisory power. The bill confers
on the President an unprecedented and enormous
power; a measure not only unexampled m our
history, but in opposition to the spirit of our insti-
tutions.
We are engaged in a war with a powerless ene-
my; an enemy so weak and powerless, that, at the
commencement of the conflict, it was deemed only
necessary to send the few troops we had into the
field to insure a compliance with our demands; and
now we are called ori to sanction an extiaordinmy
expenditure of tinee millions to bung the war to a
close. The contest is not to be terminated by the
prowess of our arms, but by the application of
money, and tne bill proposes to grant this money
to the President, to be expended at the will of the
President, and without any other restriction than
a provision that he shall account for it hereafter.
If, after getting us into a war with that weak and
powerless foe, we are willing to place these three
millions m the hands of the President, how much
more would be required of us if we were engaged
m a war with either of the most powerful nations
in the world—France or Great Butam, or both of
them ? Would fifty—would a hundred millions be
sufficient in such a case? if it would, U would fur-
nish no justification of the appropriation we are at
this time required to make, when we have a Presi-
dent without any military talents or skill—he said
this without intending any disrespect—without
those qualities which would be a security for its
wise application. The occasion, the juncture, the
position in which we stand, all admonish us of the
dangerous tendency of such a course. Ileie, if
we pass this bill, will be a precedent, which will
be entitled hereafter to consideration and discus-
sion, which maybe wielded to pernicious influences,
which, in our Government of checks and balances,
cannot be too vigilantly guarded against.
By the Constitution, the President is the com-
mander-in-chief of the army and navy; he is not in-
hibited by any constitutional provision from taking
the field in person; and should he, at any future
period, under the authority of this precedent, as-
suming this position, apply the millions which
might be placed to the furtherance of objects look-
ing to his own personal interest, who can foresee
the results? Youthen establish a precedent, and
authorize the Piesident to exert a power, a prin-
ciple, as a rule of action for his succccsor. You
solemnly declare that there may be occasions when
it will become the duty of every member of the
legislative branch to invest the President with
power over three millions of the public money.
Suppose that instead of three millions, the exigen-
cy of a war with either of the great nations of Eu-
rope should render fifty millions necessary; sup-
pose the existence of such an important crisis, and
that a military man may be at the head of the
Government who might be disposed to use the
means in his hands to surround himself with pow-
erful influences,and, under the mask of patriotismj
direct designs dangerous to the liberties of the
country, and that at a time when the attachment
of the people to their institutions may be less ar-
dent than at this moment; and suppose the monster
party—ay, party-—
Moiusti urn horrendum, informe, ingens#
Cui lumen ademptum—
should be all-powerful over the consciences and
votes of the majority, and the President should
ask for such a bill as this—substituting fifty mil-
lions for three millions, and say he will account for
its expenditure at a future period:—might it not
be that in the Halls of Congress there would be
found only a powerless minority disposed to make
an objection ? And in the passing of the bill, even
an answer might be supplied to this objection.
Suppose some member should rise and assert this
as tne rule of legislative submission: "Let the
President have the means hedeerns necessary,and
afterwards hold him responsible for its applica-
tion." For these and other reasons, suggested by
this view of the subject, he was opposed to this
appropriation.
At one period of our history such a measure as
this would have been met by the instant and deci-
ded reprobation of that party to which his friends
on the other side of this Chamber had attached
themselves, and with which they are associated in;
principle and practice. Time was, when Mr. Jef-
ferson, with a patriotism deserving all praise*
threw himself against such an appropriation.
[Here Mr. M. read an extract from Mr. Jeffer-
son .]
A similar sentiment was as strongly affirmed ire
the Inaugural address of General Jackson. It had
been alleged that a bill identical with this in char-
acter was passed during the Administration of Mr.
Jefferson; but to htm there appeared to be a wide
difference between that measure and the one now
under consideration. Mr. Jefferson asked for two
millions for the purchase of Louisiana. The ob-
ject of the expenditure in that case was as distinct-
ly known as the object of any other expenditure.
It was apeiiodof profound peace. That prece-
dent could have no application here, because it had
no possible connexion with an appropriation made
in time of war. It was altogether distinct, and in
all its characteristics distinguished from the appro-
priation now proposed. The same might be said
of the appropriation made at the time of the acqui-
sition of Florida, to which allusion had already
been made jn debate. In those cases no harm could
possibly result from the appropriation. Therefore
there was no similarity between this bill and the
bills passed during the Administrations of Mr.
Jefferson and Mr. Monroe. There was, it was
tiue, discretion in both instances given to the Pres-
ident; but the manner in which the money was to
be applied was just as well known by Congress as
by tne President himself. There was no attempt
to conceal the direct object for which the appro-
priation was intended. But in this case they had
no light. His honorable friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, when the
question was propounded to him to say what was
the object of this bill, sat still and motionless. In-
stead of giving information to enable them to act,
and to satisfy themselves as to the propriety of the
measure, the gentleman announced a' principle to
which he could not subscribe: it was, that Con-
gress need have no fears upon this subject; the
President of the United States was responsible;
give him the money, and hold him to his responsi-
bility.
He proposed to present to the Senate some hasty
views upon this propositionof his honorable friend:
but, before doing so, he had a word to say in re-
gard to the manner in which this war had been
supported by the constituted authorities. He did
not mean alone by the President and Executive
officers of this Government; he did not mean alone
the military part of this war; but he meant the
manner in which the war had been sustained by
the constituted authorities, and by both of the
great parties existing in this country. He under-
took to say, that, under circumstances somewhat
peculiar, the Democratic party had received from
the Whig party the most ample support. Let us
(said Mr. M.) for a moment refer to historical
events. When the bill for recognising the exist-
ence of the war was presented to Congress, on
that very day a mass of documents was received
from the President, which were calculated to shed
