1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
light on the subject then under consideration; and
the gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
were urged to afford them one day for considera-
tion, that, as they had asserted that the war was
the war of Mexico and not ours, one day might be
allowed to look into the matter, that they might
give them the support which resulted from good
will. But gentlemen would recollect with what
pertinacity they insisted upon the immediate pas-
sage of the bill, coercing those upon his sideof the
Chamber to accede to a measure of the propriety of
which they*were afforded no opportunity to judge.
By coercing, however, he meant nothing more
than the disinclination on their part to give a vote
in favor of a proposition such as the one then pre-
sented, or to express their approbation of a decla-
ration of war, without being put in possession of
the information which gentlemen opposite had.
When the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la
Pal ma were gloriously fought and won, in sup-
port of that declaration, and when the President of
the United States, by nomination to the Senate,
breveted General Taylor, no individuals in the
United States went more heartily than those upon
his side of the Chamber in support of the nomina-
tion thus made in honor of the glorious victories
of those two days. They voted with their friends
on the other side: when they wanted money, they
gave it to them; when they wanted men, their
votes were counted side by side with theirs to
give them. "When the President nominated a set
of party mem to take charge of this war, no op-
position was made from his side of the Chamber;
and when, at this session, they asked for more
men and more money, they stood side by side
with them in granting both. Whenever they
wanted money for the purpose of carrying on the
war, it was granted them. But when they came
for three millions of dollars, on the assumption
that the President of the United States was re-
sponsible, and that Congress had nothing to do
but to grant it, he, for one, was compelled to take
his stand in support of the rights of the Legislative
department of the Government. The proposition
of gentlemen on the other side was, that it was our
duty to give him the money which he asked for,
without requiring any explanation of the objects
or purposes to which it was to be applied. He
deemed it his duty to inquire into those objects
and motives before granting the money. The
Constitution gave to the President the power to
do—what? To recommend measures for the adop-
tion of Congress. The very language of the Con-
stitution implied that deliberation and judgment
were to be exercised on the part of Congress.
This war with Mexico was about to subject the
Constitution of the United States to a still severer
trial than those it had heretofore experienced.
They were now occupying a new attitude in view
of their constitutional powers, and m view also of
the course which expediency required. Hitheito
the wars in which they had been engaged were
wars for human liberty, or m defence of violated
rights. Now there was pendjng a war of conquest.
What were the obligations resting upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States in view of such a state
of things? Should they, in imitation of the Gov-
ernments of Europe, prosecute a war for conquest
to the dismemberment of a neighboring nation?
Did the genius of our Constitution permit the adop-
tion of such a course? He thought that the great
' American doctrine was a doctrine peculiarly appli-
cable to the supportand protection of our domestic
institution^ totally distinct from any purpose of
acquiringiB-eign territory by conquest. But now
it seemed, in view of the attitude m which we were
placed, in a war which had been brought on, as
they were told by their friends on the other side,
by Mexico, and merely recognised by us, that a
war of this character was to be prosecuted with
vigor and energy, for the purpose of acquiring ter-
ritory, and of setting up our own civil institutions
within the territory thus acquired; thus extending,
as it was said, the limits of freedom by the prose-
cution of this war of conquest. Without inquiring
into the fact, whether the war was commenced by
Mexico or not, it would have been but the exer-
cise of a proper discretion on the part of the Presi-
dent if he had hesitated before removing the army
from Corpus Christi. It would have been a fair
subject of inquiry (it seemed to him) on the part of
the President, how far it would be expedient and
proper to direct such a movement; how far it would
oe construed into an act of hostility towards the
republic of Mexico ? He differed with the Presi- I
dent as to the propriety even of this incipient
movement. But, not to detain the Senate with any
protracted argument upon this point, he would
proceed to the next important act of the President
in relation to this war, in permitting Santa Ana to
reenter Mexico; and he would venture to assert
that there was no event in the history of the pros-
ecution of war anywhere, so novel and unprece-
dented as this. The President attempted, in his
message at the opening of this session, to give them
his views at large upon this subject, and to assign
the reasons which had actuated him in permitting
Santa Ana to pass the blockading squadron. These
reasons were before them; and, in view of the sub-
sequent events which had happened, and in view
of the elevated position which Santa Ana now oc-
cupied, of the dangerous nature of that position in
relation to the army of the United States, and of
the opportunity which he possessed to injure us,
he would leave it to the people of the United States
to judge in what manner the trust confided to the
President had been fulfilled.
Another subject to which he would call the at-
tention of the Senate, was the manner in which the "
Executive discretion had been exercised in the ex-!'
peditions to Santa Fe and California, and particu- i
larly to the instructions given to General Kearny ;
and Commodore Stockton, and to the proceedings i
of those officers in the establishment of civil gov- j
ernments in those countries. The amendment of !
his friend from Georgia biought up the whole ques-
tion directly, how far it becomcs the duty of the
Government of the United States to dismember the
territory of Mexico, and to annex a large portion
of her territory to ours. His friend the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, was anx-
ious for the annexation of Upper California and'
New Mexico; but he thought it would be suscepti-
ble of demonstration, that the policy of the Admin-
istration, as represented in this Chamber, was to go
much beyond what the honorable Senator contem-
plated. It might be that, while the honoiable Sen-
ator from Arkansas would be unwilling to extend !j
the acquisition of territory farther than New Mexi- \-
co and California, the Government of the United
States, in the exercise of the power intrusted to it j|
in the management of the important concerns of ||
this nation, looks much farther than the honorable ;l
Senator from Arkansas, and has views much more jj
extensive and enlarged in relation to this matter. lj
In calling the attention of the Senate to the in- jj
structions proposed by the two departments of this \\
Government—the Navy and the War Departments II
—to their respective officers who are sent to New I
Mexico and California, with a view to prosecute j|
the campaign in those territories, one remarkable j|
fact must stand out above all others: and that was, j)
that having acquired the territory of New Mexico i]
and California, the officers having charge of these jj
expeditions were expressly instructed to take pos- !
session and keep it, with a view to the adoption of j<
the uti possidetis principle by the Government in j!
relation to that territory, which they had been told j
embraced a larger extent than the whole of the j
original thirteen States of this Union. The hon- i
orable Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] an- |
nounced, a few days ago, the important fact, that ;
our acquisition of territory amounted to one-third i
of the whole of Mexico, and embraced one-tenth j
of her population. And whatever might be the j
understanding of the Senator from Arkansas as to !
the extent to which this Government desired to go ;
in the acquisition of territory, it was evident to his ;
mind, from all the circumstances connected with ,
this subject, that the intention on the part of the ij
Government was the application of the uti possidetis
principle to all the territory that had thus been i'
acquired. It was painful to him to advert to these ;;
movements on the part of this Government; but;|
when a great principle was at stake, whatever jj
might be the consequences, he could not withhold !|
the expression of his opinion in regard to them.
The spectacle had been exhibited to "this nation |
and to the world, of an officer of the Government i;
of the United States, with the sanction of the con- j;
stituted authorities of this Government, not only ac- j,
quiring territory belonging to Mexico, but, against
ail precedent, all authority, all rule, and against 'j
every true policy, as it seemed to him, as well as ;j
against the interests of this nation, establishing a 'j
civil government within those conquered territories, , j
with the consent and approbation Qf the President j
of the United States, 1;
Mr. M. quoted several extracts from the corre-
spondence of the departments with the officers allu-
ded to and others, to sustain his position, Healss
quoted-from communications from Commodore
Sloat, Commodore Stockton, and others, to show
how those instructions had been observed.
It seemed to him, after these examples of the
course pursued by the Executive, that it would be
extremely proper to withhold for the present from
the President the exercise of any great discretion*
ary power in relation to this matter. Like his
honorable friends, the Senatorfrom Georgia and th<3
Senator from Maryland, he should take his stand
against the dismemberment of Mexico. When he
said this, however, he desired to accompany the
declaration with the explanation which he was
about to give. He would have no objection, as an
individual Senator, that there should be a partial
addition of territory in Upper California, with a
view to obtaining certain harbors, as those of San
Francisco, Monterey, and Santiago, to facilitate
our commercial operations. But when he spoke
of national dismemberment, to which he was op-
posed, he alluded to an extensive encroachment
upon the territory of a neighboring nation, and the
application of the uti possidetis principle to the ter-
ritory thus acquired by conquest. If they were to
have any part of the territory of Mexico, they
ought to pay a fair equivalent; they ought to have
nothing in the way of conquest; nothing in the
way of indemnity to satisfy the cost of the conten-
tion.
There were other great interests involved: inter-
ests to which allusion had been made by the Sen-
ator from Georgia and the Senator from Maryland;
interests growing out of these acquisitions of terri-
tory by the dismemberment of Mexico. Besides
the principle that was at stake, besides the incom-
patibility of doctrines of this kind with the interests
of the Government of the United States, there were
yet unknown and unseen evils that would result
from such a policy, which it became their duty to
avoid as far as practicable. Let us not push the
territorial limits of this Government to such an
extent as to bring upon us a collision of interests
and feelings which will shake the very foundations
of the Government. What sort of policy is it that
will lead us into the pursuit of territorial acquisition
at the expense of our own domestic peace and con-
cord ? What sortof policy is that which will lead
us on step by step in the pursuit of conquest, while
at home there is such formidable opposition to a
policy of this sort as to endanger the very institu-
tions of the Government? Whatever may be the
views of the Executive or of American statesmen
in regard to this policy, it seems to me to be a sub-
ject which requires the utmost deliberation.
It would, he thought, be a poor return for the
achievement of a legislative victory on the part of
his friends on the other side of the Chamber—it
would be a poor consolation to the people of this
country, after having carried our arms to the Pa-
cific, if the acquisition of territory, which would
be the result of that proceeding, should have the
effect of creating internal discord, and destroying
the institutions of this country. There was a ques-
tion involved in this consideration which overshad-
owed them like a cloud. The great question of
slavery, as the conscript fathers of the Republic
well knew when the Government was first estab-
lished, would become the more dangerous the
more it was agitated.
Why, then, should they pursue a policy that
would lead to such agitation ? What was the state
of things now, as exhibited in the popular branch
of the legislature? Was it not plainly to be per-
ceived that there was a majority there that could
carry measures which it would be the interest of
this country to-reject? Should they not, while
they had it in their power, avoid a policy which
would occasion the agitation of this question ? He
thought they should announce such a determina-
tion at once, from both sides of this Chamber, so
that the public mind might be set at rest. But,
announce to the people of this country that you are
about to add one-third of the territory of Mexico
to your already extended limits, and one-tenth of
her population, and put to them the question as to
their approval of your policy, and it will be met by
a response which will be felt from one end of this
extended continent to the other—^ response, the
tones of which will be calculated to shake the
foundations on which our institutions rest. Sir,
are we prepared to encounter hazards like these ?
