1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
seems to me almost equally improbable. No law
can pass upon that or upon any other subject with-
out the concurrence of this Senate. We are little
likely wantonly to throw away our own power.
We are much more likely to guard it with jealous
caution.
' The honorable Senator from South Carolina
asks me, apparently as a test question, whether the
appointment of these company officers could be
vested in the heads of departments and in the courts
of law. I unhesitatingly answer yes; and I do not
see how that alters the state of the affair. The
whole of this part of the controversy turns upon a
fair consideration of what arc " inferior officers,"
within the true meaning of the Constitution. When
it is once determined that an office is an " inferior
one," it may then be filled in either of the seeond-.
ary modes referred to: by the President, by the
head of a department, or by a court of law. And
there is little real danger t© be apprehended that
these appointments will be thrown into improper
channels, military offices given to the courts of law,
and their clerks to the heads of departments. I do
not precisely understand the effect which the Sen-
ator from South Carolina would give to the word
" alone," in this connexion: "in the President
alone." I see no other effect of the word but to
contradistinguish this grant from the precedwgone,
where the Senate is a coordinate branch with the
President in the appointing power. But the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] and the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] give
an entirely different meaning to the word " infe-
rior," and one, it appeals to me, utterly inconsist-
ent with the just rules of construction. They con-
tend, and so far justly, that there are superior and
inferior officers; but they contend also that these
words " superior" (which word, however, is not
in the Constitution,) and "inferior" have no rela-
tion to their natural signification as indicating offi-
ces more or less important, but that superior offi-
cers are those whose appointments are specifically
provided for in the Constitution; and that "infe-
rior officers" are those provided for by law. The
Constitution enumerates but two classes of officers
by name: one concerned in our foreign jelations,
and the other in our courts of law. These arc
(i ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls,
and judges of the Supreme Court."
The construction contended for leads to this pal-
pable absurdity: that a consul at the smallest for-
eign port is a superior officer, and must go before
the Senate for confitmation, because he is speci-
fically mentioned in this section; while the head of
a department, the commanding general of the
army, the commanding officer of the navy, all the
judicial officers of the United States, except those on
the bench of the Supreme Court, governors of Ter-
ritories, and a host of other officers, with import-
ant functions to fulfil through the Union, are " in-
ferior officers," because they are not found enu-
merated in the same section, and may be appoint-
ed by the President " alone," or by the head of a
department. Can the head of a department ap-
point himself, or a court of law its own judge?
Qucer-e de hoc. I cannot suffer myself to believe it
is necessary to pursue this irnestigation any fur-
ther. It seems to me that no such work could
have issued from the hands of the framers of our
Constitution.
But, sir, let us look at this matter a little more
narrowly. The President shall nominate, and,
with the advice of the Senate, appoint ambassa-
dors, &c., "and all other officers of the United
* States, whose appointments arc not herein other-
* wise provided for, and which shall be established
* by law. But the Congress may by law vest the
4 appointment of such inferior officers as they think
* proper, in the President alone, in the courts of
« law, or in the heads of departments." The Con-
stitution provides for the appointments of certain
officers. So far the appointing power is beyond
the reach of Congress, it then provides for " all
other officers," and after that comes the discre-
tionary exception as to " inferior officers." But
we are now told that "all other officers," and
''inferior officers," are convertible terms, and
mean the same thing. Why, then, employ one
phraseology in making the giant, and another in
imposing the limitation? Certainly, the special
power is less extensive than the general one, and
yet this construction makes it the same, because
the enumerated officers (as ambassadors, &c.,) be-
ing excluded from its operation by a previous and
specific mode of appointment, it bears precisely
upon all others, leaving the particular grant of
power a general one, and " all other" and " infe-
rior" the technical designation of the same func-
tionaries.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut contends, even if these military officers are
" inferior,still the proviso is unconstitutional,
because their appointments, if vested in the Presi-
dent at all, must be vested in him permanently,
and without any subsequent action of the Senate.
I cannot agree with him in this view. Offices
may be temporary in their tenure: the incumbent
! going out at any period fixed by law, certain or
uncertain. It is the practice of every day in the
course of our legislation. By the provision under
consideration, we authorize the President to ap-
point " alone" certain " inferior" officers, and we
require that, at the next session of Congress, the
tenure of their offices shall determine, and that
their mode of appointment shall be changed from
the President "alone," to the President and Sen-
ate; that they shall pass from the special to the
geneial appointing power. And why not? Could
not a law, containing such a grant of power to the
President, be passed to-day, and repealed to-mor-
row ? And if we could terminate its exercise thus,
by a subsequent law, could we not terminate it in
the very law making the grant? It appears to me
that this matter in in a nut-shell. In whole or in
part, the power has been exercised since the foun-
dation of the Government. We give the President
a temporary trust, which expires by its own limit-
ation. We then provide another mode equally
constitutional for its exercise. And this tells the
whole story.
Mr. BERRIEN was unwilling to allow a con-
stitutional question to be met with an argument
based on mere expediency. The Senator from
Michigan told them that if this proviso were strick-
en out, this law could not be carried into execu-
tion; by which he meant to say that it could not
be carried into effect as advantageously as if it re-
mained. It was a mere question of expediency
which the Senator from Michigan presented, when
they were engaged m the discussion of a question
of a constitutional powei; and he asked if that
was a fair mode of meeting such a question—if it
were a legitimate mode of meeting such a question?
The question was, Can you confer the power on
the President in the manner proposed ? and the
answer was, You ought to do so because it is ex-
pedient that you should. But were they to be influ-
enced by considerations of expediency? He well
recollected, that m the course of the discussion on
this bill, they were told that there were multiplied
applications, fiom which the President could make
selections of the different officers; but how was it
now? Why, they were told that he could not
make a wise discrimination during the present
session of Congress.
These were, however, considerations which he
left out of view when he was determining consti-
tutional questions', and he was satisfied that the
power proposed to be given by this proviso, was
a power which they could not give under the Con-
stitution.
Mr. CALHOUN said it would not be possible
for him to vote for this report. The question as
it was presented to him was, that the President
should, during the recess, appoint all the officers
of these regiments; and it was to be done on the
ground of expediency. It was said that they could
vest in the President power to appoint inferior offi-
cers, and by some construction of the constitu-
tional provision, it was to give sanction to this pro-
viso. But it could not be sustained by any fair
construction. Another ground had been presented
by the Senator from Michigan, who put it on the
ground that these ofHccis could not be appointed
in the time remaining before the end of this ses-
sion. Ho briefly examined the arguments urged
on the Senate, and concluded that the course re-
commended was neither expedient, nor constitu-
tional, nor consistent with the dignity of the Sen-
ate. By the term " inferior officers,1' he had
always understood those persons connected with
the departmentsof the Government, such as clerks,
an interpretation which he proceeded to defend
and enforce.
Mr. CASS and Mr. CALHOUN entered into
mutual explanations.
Mr. BUTLER and Mr. BADGER continued
the discussion.
Mr. HUNTINGTON then asked for a separate*
vote upon agreeing to the first proposition recom-
mended in the report of the committee: and the
yeas and nays being ordered thereon, were taken,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Biees«, Bright, Cass, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield*
Houston, Soul6, Speight, Sturgeon, Turriey, and Westcott
—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, CiJJey, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Evans, Greene,
Huntington, Jarnugin, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Ma-
son, Miller, Niles, Peaice, Simmons, Upham, Woodbridge#
and Yulee—22.
So the Senate refused to concur in the first re-
commendation of the committee.
The remainder of the report was then concurred
in, and the bill ordered to be returned to the
House.
Mr. BENTON then gave notice that he might
find it necessary on 'to-morrow to ask leave to
bring in an entire new bill for raising the ten regi-
ments, and thus go over the whole ground again
from the very commencement.
On motion,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 8, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day, being the bill commonly known as the
Three Million Bill.
Mr. DOUGLASS rose (he said) to a question of
privilege. He regretted to be compelled, from a
sense of duty, to bring before the House a matter
deeply affecting the privileges of its members and
the character of the House "itself. His object in
calling attention to that matter, and in submitting
the resolution which he intended to offer before he
resumed his seat, was simply to do an act of jus-
tice to the House and to its members, and to vin-
dicate it against a gross calumny published against
it by persons who were privileged to occupy scats
within the Hall.
The " Daily Union," printed in this city, pur-
ports (continued Mr. D.) to give full and accurate
reports of the proceedings of this House. It pur;
ports to give these accui ate reports for the purpose
of constituting a record or history of its proceed-
ings, to be deposited in the libraries of Congress,
and transmitted to posterity, as evidence of what
has been done here.
In the report of the proceedings of Saturday last,
published in that paper, I find a statement which I
consider unfounded, false—a gross calumny—cal-
culated to bring this House into disgrace and con-
tempt. In calling the attention of tlie House to it,
I protest that I am not governed by any personal
ill-will towards either the repoiters or the proprie-
tors of the Union. I know only a portion of the
reporters for that paper, and with those that I do
know I have the most kindly relations. With the
proprietors I am on terms of personal and political
friendship and intercourse; but a sense of justice
requires me to call the attention of the House to
therepoit of the proceedings put forth on Saturday
night last as a true and faithful report of what took
place here. *
As preliminary to the obnoxious matter to which
I desire to call attention, I will refer to what took
place on the proposition to swear in the new mem-
ber from Arkansas. When objection was made
to that gentleman taking his seat, an animated,
able, and spirited debate arose on an important con-
stitutional question—one novel in its character,
and, with the exception of the remarks which I
myself made, 1 insist that the debate was conduct-
ed with marked ability. Yet, in this full and faith-
ful account of the proceedings of that day, this
debate is omitted, with the exception of a few re-
marks submitted by my friend from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Woodward.] All that was said (I read
the names from the Intelligencer) by Messrs.
Jones, Gratum, Harper, Gordon, Houston,
Douglass, Rathbun, and Schevck, is_ omitted.
Of this 1 do not complain. I had no desire to see
my feeble remarks reported. I do not complain of
the omission of the remarks of other gentlemen;
but it strikes my mind as strange that a debate on
so important and novel a constitutional question,
conducted with ability, should be suppressed, un-
less for the purpose of giving way to more impor-
tant matter, affecting the public interest*. Wlutf
