1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
again to the fact, that this report represents this
insulting exclamation as occurring- before my col-
league [Mr. Wentworth] said a word about a
personal explanation; but, on the contrary, when
he said he desired to say a few words on the bill,
and that he would not detain the House long on
the bill, then these exclamations were put in: and
these things all occurring before he came to the
fact that he wished to make a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. KENNEDY (resuming.) I can satisfy the
gentleman from Illinois on that subject perfectly. I
know that when the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wentworth] first took the floor, under
the pretence of speaking upon (Hat bill, it was known
to members that he was going to attempt to make
a speech out of order. It was known that he was
not going to make a speech upon the bill; and I
for one, having been connected with the House in
these scenes of disgrace and outrage that ought to
disgrace us as long as they are tolerated, was de-
termined that another should not takeplacc unless
over my objection. I, then, from the beginning
objected; and I remember very well that it was no-
torious to the House, that knowing what he was
going to sa§r, I did object a little too soon, for the
Chair did not know whether his remarks were in
order or not. Therefore I had to wait till he got out
a sentence, when I renewed my objection, and the
Chair in a moment decided them out of order. And
the gentleman tried, notwithstanding that decision,
to go on, and tried time and again to trample upon
that decision; a portion of this House justifying it,
and a portion condemning it. I do not know
whether "bah" be disgraceful or not, but I say it
is less disgrace to use that expression to put down
.a disorderly speech, which the House plainly indi-
cate they don't want to hear, than it would be to
allow the member to go on and /nake the speech
out of order.
Mr. DOUGLASS (interposing.) Perhaps the
gentleman misapprehended me. What I said in
regard to the gentleman, or what by inference could
apply to him was, that my colleague was called to
order; that in calling him to order there was no
offence. It was the exercise of an undoubted right
on the part of the gentleman from Indiana. There-
fore, for the gentleman's calling him to order—for
any other man calling him to order—for the effort
to prevent liim from speaking upon the question as
iiot pertinent to it, there is no cause of complaint.
And he (Mr. D.) understood the gentleman now
to acknowledge that there were assertions in the
report of insulting matter which did not occur.
He undertook to say now, that the gentleman would
not say thar. that insulting matter did occur. The
House knows it did not occur. There is not a
member of the House who will avow the infamy
of the act.
Mr. KENNEDY. I myself uttered frequently
declarations to the gentleman from Illinois to "sit
down." I intimated to him, time and again, that he
was out of order—that he was disgracing the House
and himself, and ought to sit down. Whether I
•said "bah,," "bah," I know not; but words
equally disgraceful, if the gentleman calls that dis-
graceful, were used in the House.
Mr. DOUGLASS. What I want is, to keep the
gentleman to -the point in the discussion. I want
to know whether he did use this language. He
yet will not declare whether he did or not; but he |
says he intimated to the member privately to sit
down.
Mr. KENNEDY. I said nothing about doing
it privately. I said openly, as loud as I speak now. !,
It is true I did not get up and address the Chair, !
and I do not know but I may have used the word
" bah," " bah." If I did not, I thovght it.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I have only to say, that if
any member is prepared to say, that in the con-
nexion in which it is given in the report, he did
use that language, that I believe every thinking
man in the House would vote to expel the mem-
ber, as well as the reporter.
Mr. KENNEDY. Very well. If the gentleman
wants to turn his onslaught from the Union upon
me, I tell him the report is truth, and no libel. I
tell the gentleman,, so far as my recollection is con-
cerned, it is about as true a report, whoever report-
ed it, of the rowdy scene in the House, as any
reporter could give; and it is no libel upon the
House. It was, I admit, a disgraceful scene; and
if the gentleman expects he can get the House to
expel me for taking my portion of the disgrace, H
instead of attempting measures to throw it off upon
the reporter  
The SPEAKER, interposed, and reminded the
gentleman, that it was proper to use decorous lan-
guage in debate.
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, I mean to say this:
that so far as my recollection goes of the disgrace-
ful scene—for I say it was adisgraceful scene—who-
ever may have made the report, it came about as
near the truth as any report I have seen of these
rowdy scenes which frequently occur here, and
which are a disgrace to this body, and which will
never be corrected while you attempt to throw it
off upon the reporters, and say they libelled you.
The way to correct it, is to hold members to order,
to let them appreciate where they are, and the dig-
nity which they ought to maintain, in the position
which their constituents have placed them. If
they are not able, for any other reason, out of self-
respect they should correct their own course, and
not attempt to throw off the disgrace of it upon
those who are not concerned in it.
Now the gentleman questions me, as to the word
" bah," " bah," and calling the members to order.
I appeal to this House, if it was not perfectly no-
torious, that that member persisted in attempting
to make a speech, which he himself acknowledged
to be out of order, time and again, after the chair-
man had decided it out of order. Now, what I
want to ask of the gentleman from Illinois, is,
whether a man who will do that—a man who
will attempt, in defiance of the decision of the
chair, out of order, to force upon the House a
speech which they do not wish to hear—whether
he deserves anything better than insult to be
thrown upon him from every quarter of the House?
I put that question to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I will answer the gentleman
from Indiana. I think there is a material differ-
ence between uttering a falsehood and writing it
down to go 011 record, in what professes to be a
full and accurate account of the proceedings of this
House, with the view of injuring a member—be-
tween that, and uttering respectful rcmaikson this
floor out of order. Why, I could refer to most of
the most distinguished men in this House who
have addressed it out of order—who have been
called to order, and who have proceeded in irrele-
vant discussion. It is the usual mode of the vener-
able gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams;]
the usual mode ot the gentlemen here who make
personal explanations m the morning—(a thing
which I never do.) It is the usual mode of getting
in these speeches; and yet the gentleman asks me
if it ie not equally infamous with a falsehood con-
tained in a report ?
Mr. KENNEDY. The gentleman is not going
to escape from his bad predicament in that way.
I have not said, nor am I going to say, that
when the House is prepared to listen, to hear a
member, when although, from the rules, he is not
exactly in order, yet the House is willing to hear
him, that it is not right for him to speak. But I
again say, when the House has shown a disposi-
tion not to hear him, and still the member persists
in forcing himself upon the House, I ask the gen-
tleman, in what other way you can stop it than by
putting it down in this way ?
But "I want to say further: I know nothing of the
motives which the gentleman supposes may have
influenced the reporters in this case. I know noth-
ing about their disposition to libel the House, nor
do I care. I know nothing of the quarrel between
the editors of that paper and the gentleman from
Illinois. I care less about it. It is a tempest in a
teapot. I tell the gentlemen they are doing them-
selves no good or tho party no harm, for the rea-
son that they never can injure any party.
I am not, therefore, defending the editor of the
Union; but I am very far from defending this
House, under the sting of truth, for attempting to
throw off the blame upon the reporters. And I j
repeat, so far as that scene is concerned., the report I
is about justice to the House; about justice to in- j
dividuals'; and if any individual has fe.lt the sting, :
I hope he, and I hope the House, will learn to con- i
duct itself in future so as to preserve the dignity of ;
the body. 1
Mr. AVILMOT said; 1 certainly have no desire !
to mingle myself or my voice in a ay personal 1
contest between the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wentworth,] who, by the by, is a i
stranger to me, and the very respectable gentleman jt
who is the printer of this House and the " Organ1' I:
of this Administration. But, sir, while I am un-
acquainted with parliamentary rules, while I occu-
py, for the first time, any public position in this
country, I yet have some correct apprehension, I
trust, of the privileges and rights of the members
of this House. I, sir, was an attentive observer
and listener to the proceedings of this House last
Saturday; and while I have no disposition to excuse
or palliate the offence committed by the gentleman
from Illinois, in attempting, out of order, to force
upon this House (as he evidently did) a speech;
while I have no disposition to excuse or palliate
him; and while I readily admit there were demon-
strations all over the House of disapprobation, I
deny, sir, that this House did lend itself unitedly
to offer an insult to that man. I deny it. And
that, sir, is the report of the Union. This House,
the members of this House, by the report of the
Union, are represented as having united to cast
indignity, contempt, and insult, upon an honorable
member of this House. I deny it, sir. I say, sir,
if that editor has any cause of quarrel or offence
against the gentleman from Illinois, they may .settle
it between themselves, either throughthepapers, or
in any other manner. But when he seeks to bring
upon him the moral influcncc of the House to crush
him; when he seeks through his reporters tp bring
the whole moral influence of this House to bear
that man down, and unjustly, I say, if I stand
alone—and I am not one of those who are afraid
to stand alone—I will stand in vindication of his
rights. I deny, sir, that this House did insult the
gentleman from Illinois, in the manner represented
in that report. I say, sir, I heard nothing of the
kind. I did witness disapprobation, and would
have been glad, and I think the gentleman would
have done well to have yielded to what was the
evident desire and manifestation of the House
earlier than he did. But that this House united,
in concerted and combined effort, to cast indignity
upon the honorable gentleman from Illinois, is a
thing I did not witness. And that is the represent-
ation in that report. That is the ground of my
complaint against it. Can it be so, and is it to be
so, that if I happen to fall under the ban of that
press, it is to be sent forth to the whole world that
this House holds me in contempt; that this House
despises me; that they have insulted me publicly?
If so, there is no security for the rights of mem-
bers on this floor.
I know not what is the proper motion in this
case, whether it needs to be referred to a select
committee before this House can act upon it final-
ly, or not; but I was disposed to do something to
vindicate what I believe to be the rights of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, as well as my own, and those
of every member of this House.
Mr. BRODHEAD next obtained the floor, and
remarking that we had had a good deal of unneces-
sary irritation on this matter; and as this was the
day assigned for the consideration of very impor-
tant business connected with our relations with
Mexico, I have risen for 'the purpose of moving
the previous question, that we may proceed to
that business. I therefore demand the previous
question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, suggested that the
resolution as it stood did not meet the facts: there
was a disagreement as to what the report affirmed.
He wished Mr. Brodiiead to withdraw his call
for the previous question.
Mr. BRODHEAD said he was willing, if, as he
understood, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
lass] was desirous of modifying his resolution.
Mr. DOUGLASS here modified his resolution
by adding at the end thereof the following:
"On account of tho this*, =lfui<lerou<', and disrespectful
report of tiie proceeding of this Hou.-e on Saturday so
far a^ it relates to the conduct of the House on the occasion
of the Hon. Mr. Wt.m w ortk's remarks."
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS (amidst a good deal of
confusion, which, indeed, marked this whole de-
bate) rose to state a fact in connexion with another
matter, as to the reports of this same paper. A
speech made by a gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Beihktger] had, in the report of the Union, been
attributed, by mistake, to Mr, Bariiikckk, of North
Carolina. That gentleman had asked leave to make
a personal explanation; and, in a very courteous
and good-natured manner, had disavowed the
i speech. His explanation bad been a;iven in the
f Union, but accompanied by one of the grossest m-
