35S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8
suits that Mr. D. had ever witnessed in any public
print in his life.
Mr. DOUGLASS farther modified his resolution
so as to make it read as follows:
"Resohrt, That a committee of five members be appoint-
ed to examine into the truth of the report of the Union of
the 6th instant, in regard to the proceedings of the House
and ot the Committee of the Whole on Saturday last on the
bill for the relief of Thomas WKharf, and to ascertain who
tnc reporter was, and what members were engaged in cre-
ating disorder in the flouse and in the committee, and re-
port thereupon, with the names of such reporter and mem-
bers: and for the purposes of such examination said com-
mittee shall have power to send for persons and papers."
Mr. BRODHEAD renewed his motion for the
previous question.
* Mr. PAYNE moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
The yeas and nays were demanded by Mr.
DOUGLASS, and ordered.
Mr. CLARKE was, at his own request, excused
from voting1, not having been present on Satur-
day.
The yeas and nays were then calied, and result-
ed as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bayly, Bedinger, Biggs,
Jam s Black, James A. Black, Bo\vdon,Bowhn, Boyd, Brod-
head,William G. Brown, Burt, Aiuu tus A. Chapman, Reu-
ben Chapman, Chipman, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Erdman, Gaivm,
Gantry, Giles, Haimanson, Henlev, Hopkins, G. S. Houston,
Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingeivoll, James H.
Johnson, Jo>eph Johnson, G*o. W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kaufman, Kennedy, Leake, Leffl.-r, Leib, La Sere, Ligon,
Lumpkin, M.iciay, McClean, Mcdeinand, McDaniH, Jas.
McDowell,MeK/iy, Bat kle\ Martin, Moise, Moulton, IViven,
Norn-, Owen, PauLh, Payne. PerrnI, Phelps, Pillsbuiy,
lteid, Kelfe, Rliett, Rittei, Sawteile, Scammon, Seddon, A.
J). Suns, Simp&-on, Thoma,- Smith, Stanton, Strong, Tbom-
a«?son, Jacob Thompson. Towns, Tredway, Wick, Wil-
liam-, Woodward, Vvoouworth, and Yo^t—84.
NAYS—Me^is. Abbott, And.-i^on, Batringcr, Bell, Ben-
ton, B1 uk-hard, Bunkt-rhoft, Milron Brown, Buffington, W.
W. Campbell, John H Campbell, Carroll, Cathcarr, Cooke,
Cohamer, Ciozier, Culver, Dirragh, Delano, De Molt, Dil-
Jinsiiam, Di.xon, Dockery, Douglass Edsall. John H Ewuig,
Foot, Fries, Giddmgs, Goodyear, Graham, Grider, Gnnnell,
Grover, Hale, Hampton, Harper, Ha-Ungs, Henry, Hoge, E.
B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, John W. Hou.-ton, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerlord, Washington Hunt, James
B. Hunt, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Pie-tori King, Thomas
B. Kins, Lewis, Long, Joseph J. McDowell, McGaughey,
McH. nrv, MeIlvame,Mar*h, Miller, Morrie, Moseley, New-
ton, Pendleton, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, Rath bun, Ripley,
Roberts Julius Rockwell, Root, Runk. Russell, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albeit Smith,Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Stephens, Stewart, St John, Strohm,
Svkes, Thibodaux, Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wilmot,
Wmthrop, Wood, Wright, and Young—99.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. BAYLY wish.ed to know whether he might
send the following amendment to the Clerk Viable
to be read:
Resolved, That the committee just raised inquire
whether other reporters than those of the Union,
Thompson, James Thompson, lihbatts, irumoo, vance,
Vinton, Wheaton, White. Williams, Wilmot, Wmthrop,
Wood, Woodwaid, Woodwoith, Wright, Young, and Yo*t
—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bayly, Bedinger, Biggs,
James A. Black. Bowdon, Bowlin, Brodhoad, William G.
Brown, Buffington, Burt, Augustus A Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chipman, Cobb, Cranston, Cullom, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dargan, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Erdman, John H. Ew-
ing, Foster, Garvin, Giles, Harmanson, Hopkins, Hough,
Huniei, Joseph Johnson, Geoi ge W. Jones, Kaufman, Leake,
Leffler, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McCiean, McClernand,
McCrate, McDameJ, Jas. McDowell, McKay, Barkley Mar-
tin, Morse, Niven, Owen, Punish, Payne, Perrill, Phelps,
Reid, Sawteile, Sawyer, Alexander D. Sims, Simpson,
Thomas Smith, Strong, Thomasson, Jacob Ihompson,
Tied way, and Wick—64.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GORDON moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the resolution, on which he moved
the previous question; and, under its operation,
the House refused to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. DOUGLASS, observing that, by courtesy
of the House the mover of a select committee was
usually appointed its chairman, requested that, as
he had on this occasion taken a very decided part,
he would be excused from acting as chairman of
the committee. [Cries of " No, no !"] He did not
press the request.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF obtained the floor.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a privileged question, and
j offered the resolution he had before proposed as an
J amendment to that of Mr. Douglass.
; Mr. BRINKERHOFF claimed the floor, deny-
; ing that the motion of Mr. Bayly was privileged.
| The CHAIR ruled that, as the resolution im-
! mediately affected the reputation of a member of
i the House, it was.
! j, Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved the pre-
j vious question.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF claimed to have had the
floor, so that Mr. Bayly could not offer his reso-
lution.
Cut the CHAIR, overruled the objection.
I Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether the resolution
! was not some Virginia abstraction ?
| Mr. BAYLY replied, that it was concerning an
1 abstraction, viz: wrapping-paper.
Mr. GORDON moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was carried by yeas and nays:
Yeas 104, nays 74.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The House now resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Nor-
ms ill the chair,) and took up for consideration the
bill appropriating three millions of dollars to bring
the war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable
termination.
The bill having been read—
Mr. C J. 1NGER30LL, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, went into a speech at
and letter-writers assigned seats on this floor, have n ]arge jn explanation and support of the bill, in
'' ' which he staled, m substance, that the money was
wanted to buy New Mexico and California. He
then went into some remarks on the proviso which
he understood his colleague [Mr. Wilmot] was
going to offer to the bill, which he strenuously op-
P°Mr.' WILMOT then obtained the floor, and
offered as an amendment a proviso restricting the
addition to the United States of any slave territory;
and then yielded the floor to
Mr. BOYD, who moved that the committee rise
to receive in the House the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the Army bill.
The committee thereupon rose and reported pro-
gress.
THE ARMY BILL.
In .the Flouse (the chair being temporarily occu-
pied by Mr. Dromgoole) Mr. BOYD, from the
committee of conference on th« disagreeing votes
of the Senate to certain amendments by the House,
t is the same as that
published libellous reports of proceedings here
during this session; and, also, if the improper
conduct of any member of this House led to the
resolution restricting; the members in the quantity
of wrapping paper and envelopes to be used by
them.
The CHAIR ruled that it could not be offered,
after the pievious question had been seconded, un- \
less by general consent. j
Objections were made in several quarters.
The previous question was then put and car- i
vied, and the main question being on the adoption |
of the resolution offered and modified by Mr. >
Douglass— * ;
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the yeas and ;
nays; which weie ordered, and were as follows: j
YEA.S—Mpsms. Abbott, Andoi^on, Ashmun, Barrmser, '
Bell, Benton, James Black, Blancbard, Brink>'rhoff. Milron
B;own, William W. Campb:ll, John H. Campbell, Canoll, ,
Ca.licait, Claike, Coeke. ColKnncr, Collin,Cottrell,Crozier, 1
Cu.nnn:!^, Dirra^h, Dc Mon, Dillingham, Dixon, Dockcry, ,
Douglas, Dunlap, E<LaM, ElMvorth, Flies, Geutiy, Gid-
tbiiffS G >od\ear, Goidon, Guham, Grider, Grinnell, Giover, m *nade a iePm.L' ieP°il
lla'j, Hunpion, Flarpn, lli-tmgs, Henley, trenry, Hoge, jl published in senate proceedings above.j
Eh v B. II dme^, I^.i.u* E Holme*. John W. Houston, GcorL,.
S. Hou-ton. Sa<n'l D li'ibhnd. Hud-on, Hun^erford, Wash-
ington Hunt. Jame* B Hunt, Chaih-s J fnger-oll, Joseph R.
In~_'ft-oll, J> nkuts, Jame  II Johnson. AridrMV Johnson,
Seabirn Jonvs, K>nrn->riy, Daniel P. King, Pie^ton King,
Thomas Butler King, Leib, L<;vm, Lewi*, Long, McClel-
land, Joseph J. McDowell, McGiuahey, MeHenrv, Mell-
vam.%, Mar.-h, Miller, M,>-elt-y, Moolton, Norrid, Newton,
Pendleton. Periy, Pi'lNbuiy, Pollock, Ramsey. Rathbuu,
Ri'Uu, Ripley, R<tt<*r, Ju'iih Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Rank, Rus.^'lh Scammon, Sch.'riek, Scainan, S :ddo.i,
S'jv -nnee, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B Smith,
Robett tfmiihj Stanton, Starkweather, fSbphens, Stevvait,
St. Joan, ^irohm, Strong, Syk«s, TluboJaux, Benjamin
Mr. B. was about to make a brief explanation
of his report, but cries arising of dissent, he moved
the previous question.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved it at the same
time.
Mr. WINTHROP raised a question of order as
to the recognition of the mover by the Chaii, but
declined taking an appeal.
Trie previous question was seconded and put.
Mr. THOMASSON asked that the report of the
■ conference committee should be read i  connexion
with the bill, so that it might be intelligible. With-
out the bill it was impossible to tell what the com-
mittee had agreed to. He asked the yeas and hays
on the main question; but the House refused to or-
der them : Ayes 24, noes 106.
Mr. VANCE said it had been usual to have the
bill read with the report, so that it might be under
stood.
The CHAIR ruled this to be out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it out of order that we
should know what we are voting about?
The main question being on concurring in the
report of the committee of conference, it was agreed
to without a count.-
THREE MILLION BILL.
The House then, on motion of Mr. BROD-
HEAD, returned into Committee of the "Whole,
(Mr. Norris again in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the three million bill, with Mr.
Wilmot's proviso; and the question being on the
adoption of the proviso—
Mr. DROMGOOLE raised a question of order,
no amendments being in order but to the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. WILMOT thereupon withdrew his amend-
ment temporarily, giving notice that he would of-
fer such an amendment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE wanted to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill.
But Mr. WILMOT having the floor, refused to
surrender it, and addressed the committee sub-
stantially as follows:
I suppose, Mr. Chairman, it will be proper for
me to notify the committee that I intend to move
| to amend the bill by the additional section which
! has been read, without now designating; any par-
! ticular part of the bill in which I intend it should
! come. And my anxiety in this matter is not to
! deprive the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
! goole,] or anybody else of the opportunity to move
| any amendment to* the bill they may wish, but I
! am embarrassed by these rules of the House,
(with which I am little acquainted,) and my ob-
ject is, the opportunity to be heard upon this ques-
tion fairly, and not to be deprived, by any parlia-
mentary restrictions, of the opportunity of vindi-
cating this amendment, and vindicating the position
which I occupy before the House and the country.
Sir, it will be recollected by all present, that at
the last session of this Congress, an amendment
was moved to a bill of a similar character by me,
in the form of a proviso, by which slavery should
be forever excluded from any territory that might
be subsequently acquired by the United States
fiom the republic of Mexico.
Sir, permit me to say, that upon that occasion
that proviso was sustained by a very decided ma-
jority of this House. Nay, sir, more; it was sus-
tained, if I mistake not, by a majority of the re-
publican party on this door. "And I am prepared
to show, I think, that the entire South were then
j willing to acquiesce in what appeared to be, and, so
j far as^ the action of this House is concerned, in
; what was the legislation, will, and declaration of
| this Union on the subject." It passed in this House,
i Sir, there were no threats of disunion sounded iri
I our ears. It passed heie, and it went to the Sen-
ate, and it was the judgment of the public, and of
many men well informed, that had it not been de-
feated there for the want of time, it would have
passed that body and become the established law
of the land.
Sir, the friends of this Administration, of whom
I am one, did not then charge upon me, did not
throw the whole burden upon me, nor upon those
who acted with me, of having, by the introduction
and support of that proviso at an untimely period
of the question, defeated a measure especially ne-
cessary for the establishment of peace between this
country and Mexico. The {< Union," sir, the
whole Democratic press in the land, charged this
upon the unpaihamentary conduct of a Senator
from Massachusetts. Pie was charged with having
defeated this great measure, by the Administra-
tion press, and the " Organ" of the Administration;
showing that the Administration and the President
were entirely willing to accept of this appropria-
tion under the restrictions imposed by the proviso
which I offered.
Yes! rio anathemas were fulminated against me
then. I was not then denounced as an abolitionist
by the correspondents of the " Union," as I have
been since, and from which charge I intend to vin-
