THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress
2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1847.
New Series No. 23.
dicate myself. And I say to its respectable editor,
for whom I have high respect and regard, that I
am no more an abolitionist than he is a Hartford-
Convention Federalist; and of that, no man who
knows his history or his character will charge him.
1 am %s far from the one as he is from the other.
I assert, then, that the South was prepared to
acquiesce in this restriction.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, (Mr. W. yield-
ing^) said he recollected, when the question was
under discussion here, near the close of the last
session, that he had made remarks sustaining the
propriety of the two-million appropriation; but in
the course of these remarks, he deprecated, as un-
timely and mischievous, the proposition which was
likely to come from the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania; and the entire South, so far as he recollect-
ed, (he knew that he did, at least,) when the pro-
viso was voted upon, voted against it; and he \oted
against his declared sentiments in refeience to the
appropriation; so unwilling was lie to give any
countenance to such a proviso.
Mr. WIIJVfOT (resuming.) I was aware that
the proviso met with no favor from the South. I
did not mean to declare that it did; and if the gen-
tleman so understood me, he misunderstood me. I
did not mean to say that the South was favorable
in any way to (he proviso which I offered. They
resisted it, manfully, boldly resisted it. But, sir,
it was passed. And there was then no cry that the
Union was to-be severed in consequence. No, sir.
But I fear that the hesitation and the warning of
northern men on this question has induced the
South to assume a bolder attitude. "Why, sir, in
God's name, should the Union be dissolved for
this? What do we ask in this matter? We ask
but sheer justice and 'right. It was a question of
compromise. I would go as far as any man in this
House for compromise. Were it a question of
concession and compromise, I might perhaps say
to the North, Concede again, as you have done
before; yield all; bow to the South, as you have
done on all previous occasions—yield this also.
But it is a question of naked and abstract right;
and, in the eloquent language of my colleague from
the Erie district, [Mr. Thompson,] sooner shall
they draw this right shoulder from its socket, than
I will yield one jot or tittle of the ground 011 which
I stand. „
What, then, do we ask ? Sir, we ask the neu-
trality of this Government on this question of sla-
very. I have stood up at home, and fought single-
handed—no, I was not single-handed, because my
party was with me—but I have stood at home, and
fought, time and again, against the Abolitionists of
the North. I have denounced them publicly, upon
all occasions, when it was proper to do so. I have
met them in their own meetings, and assailed them.
And, sir, the efforts that may be made, here or else-
where, to give an abolition complexion to this move-
ment, cannot, so far as my district and my people
are concerned, have the least effect. And efforts
made to give me the character of an abolitionist,
will fall harmless when they reach my constituen-
cy. They know me upon this question distinctly.
1 stand by every-compromise of the Constitution.
I adhere to its lett&\jand its spirit. And I would
never invade one single right of the South. So far
from it am I, that I stand ready, at all times-and
upon all occasions, as do nearly the entire North,
to sustain the institutions of the South as they
exist, with our money and with our blood, when
that day comes, as many—many southern men—
fear it may come. When that day comes, sir, the
North stands with them. We go for every com-
promise of the Constitution.
But, sir, this is another question—entirely an-
other question. We ask that this Government
preserve the integrity of free territory against the
aggressions of slavery—against its wrongful usurp-
ations. Sir, I was in favor of the annexation of
Texas. 1 supported it with the whole influence
which I possessed, and I was willing to take Texas
in as she was. I sought not to change the char-
acter of her institutions. Texas was a slave coun-
try; and although it was held out to us, in the
celebrated letter of Mr. Walker, that two slave and
28
two free States might be made out of it, yet the
whole of Texas was given up to slavery, every
inch. For although the Missouri compromise line
was mentioned in the resolutions of annexation,
yet no State can be admitted without the consent
of the original State of Texas; and she, by her re-
fusal to allow any free State to be formed out of
her limits, may keep that whole country for sla-
very. We voted for the annexation of Texas.
The Democracy of the North was for it, to a man.
We are for it now—firmly for it. Sir, we are
fighting this war for Texas, and for the South, f
affirm it; here is a matter well known to the Union.
We arc fighting this war cheerfully, not reluc-
tantly; cheerfully fighting this war for Texas; and
as we seek not to changc the character of her in-
stitutions, slavery wa<? recognised there, and es-
tablished by law. Now, sir, we are told that Cali-
fornia is ours; and so it is. I intend to refer more
particularly to this subject before 1 conclude. But,
we are told, California is ours. And all wo ask in
the North is, that the charactrr of its territory be
preserved. It is free; and it is part of the estab-
lished law of nations, and all public law, that when
it shall come into this Union, all laws theio exist-
ing, not inconsistent with its new allegiance, will
remain in force. This fundamental law, which
prohibits slavery in California, will be in force;
this fundamental law, which prohibits slavery 111
New Mexico, will be in force. Shall the South
invade it? Shall the South make this Government
an instrument for the violation of its neutrality,
and for the establishment of slavery in these ter-
ritories, in defiance of law? That is the question.
There is no question of abolition here, sir. It is :
a question whether the South .shall be peimitted,
by aggiossion, by invasion of right, bv subduing
free territory and planting slavery upon it, to wrest
this territory to the accomplishment of it^ own
sectional purposes and schemes> That, is the
question. And shall we of the North submit to
it? Must we yield this5 It is not, sir, in the
spirit of the compact; it is not, sir, in the Consti-
tution.
Sir, it has been objected to this measure that it
was brought forward at an untimely period. Ridi-
cule has been attempted to be cast upon it, and it
has been said that we were already wrangling .
and quarrelling about territory which does not be- j
long to us; that it would be time enough when the
country shall be acquired to meet this question, j
Sir, I affirm that now is the time, and the only j
time. If northern men fail now, it is gone, and !
gone forever; you may depend upon it. • :
Sir, what is the policy of this Administration m ]
reference to this matter*—for it is fully disclosed: 1
it is not disguised; there is no attempt at disguising j
it. Sir, I am one of those who believe this war is !
a just and righteous war. That it was forced upon :
this country. We were compelled to take up aims j
and vindicate the integrity of our soil and our na-
tional character. But, sir, when the first blow
was struck upon the banks of the Rio Grande—
from the time that the news reached this Capitol—
the policy of the Administration has been fixed,
irrevocably fixed, (and I approve it,) that we shall
never lay down our arms until indemnity is made
m territory for the expenses, in part at least,
of this war, and for the claims of our citizens.
Such is the settled policy of the Administration:
there is no disguise, no concealment about it.
Now, in proof of this fact, it would be sufficient
for me to refer to the instructions given to General j
Kearny and Commodore Stockton. The policy !
of this Administration, I say, was fixed and set- '
tied; and, I trust, irrevocably settled. It is to |
acquire territory. Peace was looked to, and is ;
now looked to and desired, eminently desired, by j
the Administration and its friends, but desired j
only as a means to an end, as the means which is i
to bring in territory into this Union. The decla- i
ration was frankly made by the chairman of the j
Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr. C. J. 1n-
gersoll] here to-day; and it was made a few days
ago by him. And in the Senate of the United
States, Mr. Sevier, chairman of*the Committee
on Foreign Relations, made a similar declaration.
I will read an extra'ct from the speech of Mr.
Sevier on this point. He says:
" In making peace, of course the United States would
e.vpcct to recoiw; indemnity, to some extent at least, for the
expenses of the war, and they would also expect the pay-
ment of the claims held by our citizens against the Republic
of Mexico, and this indemnity was expected in the,shape
of territory. FFe was not aidhorized to state precisely what
territory "this Government would require, but he supposed
tli.it no Senator would think they ought to get less than
New Mexico and Upper California. He did not «uppo«e a
treaty of peace with less than that would pass this body."
Now, here is the direct, explicit declaration,
made by the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations in the Senate, who may be taken to
| speak by authority for the Administration; and yet
j i see my colleague from the Adams district, [Mr.
| McCi.r.4^ who seems now as if he intended to-
I oppose this amendment, closcs his speech by de-
, chiring, that he believes no territory is to be ac-
! quired! Sir, does my colleague believe that this
[ Administration is to disgracc itself in the eyes of
\\ the American people and the world? Does fie be-
lievn that lux own party is to recede from the high
ground it has taken? No : it is the fixed policy of
! this Administration, approved by the Democratic
j party, to require indemnity in the shape of terri-
; tory; and the declaration has been solemnly made
! to the country and to the world.
| The instructions given to Commodore Stockton
I wen:, to plant his flag upon Upper California,-and
: not to lower it under any circumstances. And Gen-
j oral Kearny has gone so far as to lay down the fun-
, dnmental law for the government of New Mexico,
i This fact is significant. No such thing has taken
j place in the other provinces which have been over-
! run by our anus. No such procedure has taken
; plm-c elsewhere. It shows to what the Adrmnis-
j tration look. They look to the annexation of New
! Mexico ond California.
j But one thing further in confirmation of the ex-
istence of such a design on the part of the Admin-
! istration. I read froifi the " Union," the official
organ of the present Administration, of the 4th in-
j stnnt. It is commenting upon the resolutions of-
! feicd by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
, ribn,] I think, declaring thnt peace ought to be
! made without acquiring territory, it says:
j u J>i tit" Federal leaders pursue their indicated policy,
f The fieo people of tin* country will repudiate and despise
! it."
i 1 call upon my colleague [Mr. McClean] to
j notice this declaration:
a We aie ^nre that no member of Congress who owes the
propei allegiance to the sfteatcai^e of the Democratic party,
will so far toilet the honor of hi* country, the demands of a
gallant poopln, 01 his own character, a^ fo lend any counte-
nance to so absurd and cvtraordinaiy a proposition.3'
: And yet the gentleman closes his speech with
declaring he believes that no territory is to be ac-
quired.
[Some gentleman was here understood to suggest
that the resolutions which called forth this article
111 the "Union," were of a different character from
that which Mr. W. had imputed.]
No, sir, (said Mr. W.,) they relate to the acqui-
sition of territory; they recommend that the army
be withdrawn without acquiring territory.
[Mr. W. concluded the reading of the article.]
'• We hut echo the view-? of a patriotic people, without
regard to paitv distinction^, when we lespeetfnllv call upon
Confess promptly to reject and rebuke so unpatriotic a pro-
ject."
If I recollect aright the project, it was a resolu-
tion proposing, in substance, that we withdraw
our army, and offer terms of peace, without requi-
ring territory. And it is that proposition which
the "Union" denounces; it is the proposition
which Mr. Sex ierrepudiated, and which my friend
from Philadelphia [Mr. C. J. Ingersoli.] contra-
dicts. It is a proposition the very reverse of what
the whole course and tenor of this Administration
shows they are intent upon.
Now, sir, when, in Grod's name, will be the timet
for the North to speak out, if not now ? Our stand-
ard is in California; our troops are there; and an
armed body of emigrants has been sent there ta
hold it; and for no other object. They are not an
organized military company, but a band of armed
emigrants: a thing unheard-of us a mere matter of
