1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B5t
be so set that, if it should be finally established as
the boundary between this country and Mexico, it
would lead to a permanent peacc, and that it should
lead to as speedy a peace as possible; and for this
purpoSfe it should be eminently pacific.
Now (continued Mr. C.) the question is, what
would be such a line as would fulfil all these re-
quisitions :1 And here, again, I am not fully pre-
pared to pronounce an opinion; for it requires a
, more accurate acquaintance with the country and
more accurate military knowledge than I possess
to determine this question. But, while I do not
feel myself prepared with the necessary informa-
tion to enable me to pronounce upon this with ac-
curacy, I am prepared to suggest a line which em-
braces most of those considerations as nearly, per-
haps, as could be desired; and, if I understand the
wishes of the Executive, as interpreted to ns by the
chairman of the Committee'on Foreign Relations,
it is such a line as the Executive itself considers a
proper one. The line which I would suggest is
one beginning at the mouth of the Ilio del Norte j;
and extending up to the pass of the Del Norte, a ' ,
southern boundary of New Mexico, and thence
due west to the Gulf of California. Such a hue
will strike the Gulf nearly at its head. Now, I
propose to examine this (me in reference to the
considerations which I have already laid down as
being those which ought to govern us in deter-
mining upon a line of defence.
in the first place, it will enable us to fulfil all
the objects for which the war was declared. The
invasion having been already repelled, it will es- j
taijlish as our boundary the Rio del Norte from its
mouth to its source; and it gives us ample means
of indemnity even if the cost of the war itself be
regarded as one of its objects, which, with my
present impression, I am very far from counte-
nancing.
The next and important object is, to facilitate the
maintenance of the line, so as to involve the small-
est amount of means necessary for its defence.
And here the line I have indicated presents an ex-
cellent aspect. It will be near to the settled parts
of Texas, where, upon an emergency, the forces
necessary to defend it, and provisions for those j
forces, can both be expeditiously raised and thrown
upon the point where they are needed, in regard
to this line, I have consulted military men, and
they have informed me that it would not require
more than four regiments of troop® and three forti-
fications to defend it—one of these fortifications to
be erected near the mouth of the Rio del Norte,
another near Camargo, and another near the pass
of the Del Norte—a position that possesses the
extraordinary advantage of commanding the pass
leading through the mountains into the whole inte-
rior of New Mexico, and one which could be easily
defended. The other portions of the line can be
still more easily defended. The country from
the pass of the Del Norte to the upper end of the
Gulf of California is occupied only by a savage
population; that part of the line would require no
covering; a very small force would be sufficient to
defend it; one regiment of troops would be ample
for that purpose; hence four regiments, with a
small naval force, will be ample for the defence of
this line against any force which Mexico could
biing to assail us after the first year we had ob-
tained possession and erected forts.
The next consideration was as to the character
of this line for convenience; and here its suitable-
ness was not less striking. It was a continuous
line, lying partly in South Texas, and the residue
passing through an unpeopled country, or a coun-
try peopled only with savages; and it was this
which rendered it really valuable. It passed
through an almost unsettled country, six hundred
thousand square miles in extent, comprehending,
amongst this scanty population which it did con-
tain, people of various races and of every variety
of color. This country, then, so little settled, as
a country possessed chiefly by savage tribes always
was, was well calculated for the purposes of this
line. If for a line of this character he had the
choice of two portions of this continent, the one
inhabited and the other not, if he consulted the
genius of our Government in regard to its political
institutions, he would say that the uninhabited
country ought to be preferred. What this country
wanted was space, in which to grow and enlarge
itself; an open, uninhabited country therefore was
the one of all others the best calculated for their
purpose. The population of this country was in-
creasing at the rate of six hundred thousand annu-
ally, and soon the increase would be equal to one
million annually: or, to state it more strongly, we
double once in twenty-three years; so'that, in
twenty-three years, we will number forty millions,
and ill another twenty-three years we will number
eighty millions. With this swelling population,
they desired no settled country; what they wanted
was space in which to extend themselves. This
very reason, that would make that part of the coun-
try valuable tous, would render it of little ad vantage
to Mexico. Her population was nearly stationary.
It was scarcely advancing at all. It would per-
haps not increase two millions in twenty years.
So fur from being an advantage to Mexico, then,
a waste country of that description would be di-
rectly the opposite. So groat an intervening space
between Mexico and her distant province of Cali-
fornia must be exceedingly inconvenient. Califor-
nia was, ill fact, as remote from the city of Mexico
as it was from New Orleans, and little less distant |
than it was from Washington in regard to facility ,
of intercourse. New Mexico was much nearer to t
us than it was to the settled paits of Mcxico. This ;
remoteness of her provinces could not be otherwise |
than a source of gieat annoyance, and inconvenience j
to Mcxico.
It was a remarkable fact in the history of this
continent, that, for the first time, the aborigines had
been pressing upon the population of European
extraction. The Indians had been pressing upon
the descendants of the Spanish population in Mex-
ico, who, though they were certainly brave enough
for their own defcnee, yet the jealousy of the Fed-
eral Government having disarmed them, were cap-
tured not less than two thousand of them, and
were now actually prisoners amongst the Cuman-
ches. It would be an object with him, when ta-
king from the Mexicans any territory at all, to take
such as he had now referred to. The presence of
our people there would give a degree of prosperity
to the country which it had not had from the time
of its first occupation down to the present day.
The next consideration was, that the Uric should
be such as, if established as the boundary between
the two countries, would be the means of securing
! a permanent peace. And in respect to this, he held
that the line lie had designated was eminently cal-
culated to secure this object. We could not, in the
nature of things, expect to keep our roving popu-
lation out of that country. It would unavoidably
spread there, in spite of all the laws they might
choose to pass. They might heap penalty upon
penalty, yet our pioneers would rush into the coun-
try unless the party in possesion were capable of
keeping them out. This was proved by expe-
rience. All the forces of this Government could
not keep our population out of the Indian country,
and they consequently had been obliged fiomtime
to time to purchase from the Indians the lands they
claimed to own. If we were to make peace with
Mexico,and make no provision for our population,
in a few years we would be involved in another war.
Undesirable as all wars were, if possible still more
undesirable was a war for the purpose of coercing
; the Mexicans into a submission to our possession
j of a part of their country. The establishment of
I this line, however, would give us an opportunity
1 of acquiring possession without coercion.
! While he would agree to the adoption of another
| line, if a better could be found, he would be very
I far from recommending that it should be held ab- ;
! solutely and with a view to its ultimate retention j
i by force. On the contrary, he would hold it as a
j means of negotiation, and would say to Mexico,
I this line we will maintain until you negotiate with
us upon the subject of a boundary. If you are
! ready to negotiate, we are also ready; and we are
i ready not only to settle the question of boundary,
but to settle it honestly, liberally, and fairly; to
establish a line; which will pieserve peace on our
part, and, if the line we have chosen be such as to
afford us any advantage over you, we will meet it
as we ought by a generous payment to you of an
equivalent. These were the principles by which
he would be governed in regard to a treaty with
Mexico. But he would go still further. Be would
hold all the territories which we had now in pos-
session, which could be held without too gieat a
sacrifice of men and money. He would hold them
on the same condition in which he proposed that
they should be governed. lie would lay a low
rate of duty, notto exceed ten per cent., to be col-
lected as a means of meeting the expense of de-
fending this line. He had consulted with the
proper authorities upon this point, and he was in-*
formed that it would not require more than tw.o
millions three or four hundred thousand dollars to
defend it. Those duties might be collected with
advantage, not only to ourselves, but to the whole
civilized world; and, in his opinion, the low rate
of duty he had named, combined with the other
measures which he had indicated, would give us
the means of forcing a settlement at no distant
day.
Now, I think I have shown (Mr. C. continued)
that we can certainly maintain this line, and, by
maintaining it, bring this war to a successful termi-
nation, at no cost hardly of men or money. The
establishment of this line of defence will involve
no hazard on our part, or loss of reputation; and,
I may add, it will lay a foundation, I trust, when
we come to a final settlement, if we act in the spirit
in which we ought to act, of a permanent peace
between us and the Mexican Republic. What
(said Mr. C.) will be the fruits of this policy? Why,
sir, a large portion of the war expenses will be im-
mediately cut off; the whole of the volunteer forces
may be dismissed in the course of a few months,
when our position shall have been taken, and our
points of defence occupied, thus effecting a saving
of from fifteen to twenty millions of dollars a y ear.
Further taxes will not be required; the credit of
this Government will be immediately strengthen-
' ed, and the measure which some of us have so
■ much at heart, and which we are risking the en-
1 joy men t of—I mean free trade—may in a short time
| be secured, and in successful operation, as it has
i already been for a short time in Great Britain,
wheie it has shown itself a most fruitful source of
prosperity.
But it may be said that Mexico will hold out.
I think not. She will see that we have undertaken
a lask which we can perform; that our strength is
i adequate to go through with it without hazard and
I without difficulty. She will see that she is a great
loser, and she will see that if she persists, instead
; of having compensation for any part of her terri-
tory thus occupied by us, she will lose the whole
and gain nothing. But, in addition to this, the
nnnds of the people of Mexico will be turned into
i1 a diffeicnt channel. They now consider this war
! as a war of religion and a war of races, and every
nerve is braced into strong resistance. If the
course I have indicated be pursued, the people
of Mexico seeing that their religion is not to be
| disturbed, nor their race likely to be overthrown,
i everything will take its natural course. They will
i become more regardful of their internal concerns
I than of external, ami in a little time, ill myopin-
| ion, a settlement will be brought about, and peace
, permanently established.
But suppose she should hold out, with the char-
' acteristic obstinacy of her people: what is the re-
sult? We will have peace without expense, or a
I war without hazard—a war looking much more
! like peace than war, so far as we are concerned.
! This policy will enable us to sustain the small mil-
itary force which we shall require, with but small
j expense to this country. It will do more: it will
!. place us on terra firma; it will enable us to see the
light which is now obscured by the impenetrable
I cloud that hangs over us.
; I have now staled the reasons why I am ill fa-
: vor of taking a defensive position. I have, I trust,
: successfully shown that it can bring this war to a
' certain termination, at a small expense of men and
money, and without hazards of any description,
i It now remains to bo shown what are the grounds
of my opposition to the continuance of an offensive
war. If I am not greatly mistaken, the argu-
: mcnts against such a war are as strong almost as
| the imagination can conceive. I am opposed to
i it, in one word, for the very reverse reasons to
those I have stated. In the first place, there is no
certainty that it will bring the war to a termination
at all; and in the next place, if under the most fa-
, vorable circumstances, it will bring it to a teimi-
i nation, it will nevertheless be attended with vast
!' expense, and with the hazard of disastrous conse-
li ctueYices and loss of reputation to the counti y.
j: In discussing this branch of the subject, the first
! thill" to be done was, to keep definitely on our
; 1 minds what was the real and true object of carry-
in - on a defensive war; for, until that was under-
stood, we should be able to come to no decisive
conclusion in reference to it. And here, he must
be permitted to say, he had made up his mind that
