1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this matter. And in consideration of this fact, he
entertained no doubt that the South were prepared
to recede from the ground which she had occupied,
and acquiesce in the. decision which he seemed to
anticipate would be given to this subject by the
country.
I repeat the inquiry: Where is the argument?
Where is the reason urged by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to show that the North, or that por-
tion of the North who sympathize with him, occu-
py " the right," and that the South occupy " the
wrong?" What is the proposition ? Where does
it originate* How is it that this matter is sub-
mitted to this Congress for its consideration, and
to the country for its decision ? The whole people
of the Union fire involved in <x war with a for-
eign country; and the result of their united efforts,
it is supposed, will be the acquisition of valuable
territory on the part of the United States. The
proposition is, when you have thus acquired this
territory, when it shall have become part and parcel
of this Union, that a large portion of the commu-
nity shall be excluded from al( participation in the
advantages and benefits resulting from it. The
gentleman says to the South, to her brave and gal-
lant sons who are freely spilling their blood upon
Mexican soil in the acquisition of this territory,
when it is acquired, when the battle is fought and
the victory won, your duty will have been per-
formed. AH that is required of you is accom-
plished; and now steps forward the northern sec-
tions of the country, and claims for itselfthe whole
benefit resulting from the combined efforts of all
portions of the country. Is this the right? Does
this view of the subject commend itself to the favor
of any unprejudiced mind?
Sir, I may be permitted, in the pursuit of this
argument, to hold the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia responsible for some of the reasons which are
urged by those who sympathize with him in this j
movement, and are giving to his measure the ben- !
efit of their cordial support. Why is it right?
There must be some object to accomplish, some
purpose to effect. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania fails to give it to us. I may be permitted,
sir, to look to others who are associated with him
in this view of the subject, and to inquire into the
reasons which make this course "the right." I
may ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania, if the
reason urged by his associate from Ohio consti-
tutes the reason upon which his proposition is
founded? That gentleman [Mr. Delano] told us
that he himself was opposed to the acquisition of
territory, and hence could express no feeling as to
the object of the acquisition; but he gave us to un-
derstand what would be the effect of acquisition in
case the amendment (which met his cordial appro-
bation) were adopted; and we may attribute that
object to those who differ with that gentleman
only on the point of the propriety of acquiring this
territory. The gentleman [Mr. Dei.ano] told you,
sir, in plain, explicit terms, spoken with the can-
dor of a man, with the frankness due to the posi-
tion which he occupies before the country, that
the effect would be to draw around the southern j
portion of the United States a cordon of free States, ;
where they " would light up the fires of liberty, to |
burn the shackles which now bind our slaves in '
servitude." Does the gentleman from Pcnnsyl- i
vania [Mr. Wilmot] sympathize with his associ- j
ate? Do the gentlemen who support that amend- :
ment respond "Amen" to the sentiment thus broad- i
ly announced upon this floor? And does this j
constitute one of the reasons why this proposition i
is based upon " the right?" |
Sir, it is perhaps not my placc or my duty to in- ;
quire further hi to the motives of those who advo-
cate this proposition upon this floor, than they see !
proper to give themselves. But Karri at liberty to •
connect the arguments, the inferences of those who ;
advocate the same side of the question, and to hold
the one responsible for the other to the extent that 1
they are not inconsistent and are riot denied. i
I take it for granted, then, that this is the effect
with some, the object with others. Is there a sin- j
gle member on this floor from the northern States i
who would call upon a Representative from the )
South to give his support to a measure of this 'i
character? I will ask no northern member to do |
w^at is not right. Will northern members re- !
spond to the same sentiment? I will ask no
northern member to do anything I would not do
were I a Representative of a northern State. Will
northern members do the same thing, and respond
361
to us that they will not ask us to give a vote here
which they would not be willing; to give were they
the Representatives of the South ? I put that ques-
tion to the Representatives of the North upon this
floor. You speak of meeting us in the spirit of
liberality and justice; you speak of the sacred com-
promises of the Constitution; you speak of stand-
ing by the rights of all portions of this Union:
come up, then, upon this platform of fairness, hon-
esty, and justice; say to the southern members, we
will ask nothing at your hands that we would not
cheerfully yield, were our position changed. And
is there a Representative here from the North, who,
with the reasons, the arguments which have been
urged in favor of the proposition, apart from all
other considerations, (which I shall attempt to no-
tice hereafter,) would call upon a Representative
from the South, so far to forget himself and his
country as to acquiesce in, much less to give his
support to, that proposition.
Mr. Chairman, I have remarked that, as one of
the Representatives of the South, I will not call
' upon my northern friends to do anything, to give
any vote, to sustain any measure, which I do not
believe is founded in truth and justice—to which I
would not be prepared to give my support, if om*
relative positions, as to the section of country from
which we respectively come, were changed. I will
not ask Representatives from the North to go as far
in this matter as their fathers have gone before
them. Sir, the South is prepared to meet the
North on this question in the spirit of the utmost
liberality. We ask for a response to that senti-
ment. And whatever response may proceed from
politicians, such is my confidence in the patriotism,
the honesty, the integrity, the sense of justice of
the American people, wherever scattered'through-
out this broad Confederacy, I entertain no fears as
to the ultimate decision that will be given from that
source.
We ask you to come up to the spirit of the Con-
stitution of the country; to abide by its compro-
mises. Upon no point, perhaps, is tlieie so much !
want of light and information, as it strikes my
mind, from the discussion we have had here upon j
the various questions connected with this subject, \
as in reference to the spirit of the compromises of j
this instrument. When gentlemen from the North i
inform us that they are prepared to stand by the I
compromises of the Constitution, what say they j
are those compromises ?
Mr. Chairman, let me direct your attention, and
that of this committee, to the view taken by our
northern friends. Disrobed of all the sophistry
which is thrown around it, the plain, simple truth
which it presents to the country is this: They tell
you that the compromises of the Constitution re-
cognise the institution of slavery within the south-
ern States—within the limits of those States where '
it existed at the time of the adoption of the Con- ,
stitution—and also of those States winch have I
been admitted into the Union since the adoption of
the Constitution, where that institution now exists.
They would have you believe, sir, that at the time
this Federal Constitution was adopted, it svas con-
templated by our fathers that this republic should
extend over a vastly greater area than was then
recognised as part and parcel of it; that the subse- j
quent legislation of Congress shows that it is based I
upon this presumption of their intentions; and j
that it is a part of the compromising spirit that .
brought about the construction of this instrument, ,
that, as our Government extends its territory and 1
its limits are enlarged, one portion of it is to grow '
with continued daily strength, and in the same rate
the other portion is to diminish, day by day! ,
Gentlemen tell ue that it was contemplated by this j
instrument that our territory was to be extended; ;
but that the benefit of all this extension is to accrue I
exclusively to the northern portion of the country; '
that our fathers who framed this Constitution re-
cognised the principle that the limits of the msti- ,
tutions of the southern States were fixed for all
time to come: here are your limits; thus far, and
no farther, shall you go; but that the North—that I
the other sections of the country, whose interests are
diametrically opposed to ours, at least to some ex-
tent—should extend the limits of their institutions I
forever and ever, until you sweep from one ocean I
to the other; that the whole territory of this North
American continent shall be finally brought within 1
the folds of the Union for the benefit of one section j
of the country, and to give additional strength to I
that particular section, at the expense of the other! I
Sir, is there a man upon this floor who will se-
riously assert that such a spirit of compromise
found its way into the Convention which framed
the Constitution > If those men who framed it
could be here this day to expose to us the com-
promising spirit which was manifested in its for-
mation, think you that they would give it that
construction which gentlemen have contended fo>r
in the discussion of this subject? Why, let it be
remarked, gentlemen, that this institution, from
the very commencement and origin of our Govern-
ment down to the present time, is the one that has
excited all the sectional jealousies that have per-
vaded the Union. At that time it was the subject
of sectional jealousy; it has been the subject of sec-
tional jealousy from that day to this. Will gen-
tlemen tell me, that under the influence of this feel-
ing, the representatives of the southern Stales, who
framed the Constitution, were prepared to adopt
the compromising principle for which gentlemen
from the northern States now contend ?
Sir, it cannot, be. Upon this subject of the in-
stitution of slaveiy—this peculiar subject of sec-
tional jealousy—there is a spirit of compromise
running through the Constitution, not confined to 
isolated paragraphs, but breathing throughout the
whole instrument. That spirit of compromise
recognised the existence of these sectional inter-
ests. The object was to guard them, to protect
them, to make the one a check upon the other.
The inducement held out to the South, at the time
this Constitution was framed, was the spirit of
compromise upon this question. She asked, and
she had granted to her at that time, such power
and such influence as would enable her to be a
check upon the North; so that no attempt could
ever be made successfully to interfere with the
rights of the South. But where is that spirit now ?
Where is that regard, on the part of the North,
for the rights of the South ? And where are those
rights, when the views presented by the gentle-
men who advocate this amendment are carried
out? Where is the check which the South was
induced by this Constitution to believe she would
always be enabled to hold upon her sister States
of the North ? This amendment provides that no
territory which may hereafter be acquired, from
whatever quarter, from whatever section of the
country it may come, shall ever be made subject
to settlement by the people of the slaveholding
States. You of the North extend your territory,
your government, your power, strength, and in-
fluence, day by day, and year by year; but here
stands the South, her limits fixed, bound hand and
foot, subject to your mercy, and to such legisla-
tion as you may think proper npon the subject of
her institutions and her rights to make.
Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania tell me
that he stands upon "the right;" and that the South
stands upon "the wrong," in view of these consid-
erations? Will the gentleman, and those who are
associated with him, tell me that the South is grasp-
ing in her policy—that she is seeking to establish
her institutions beyond those limits which were
contemplated by the fvamers of our Constitution ?
That the South is disposed to obtain a power and
an influence to which she is not entitled ? That the
South so clearly occupies the wronsr, that she will
cheerfully acquiesce in the proposition which the
gentleman brings forward, and make that the legis-
lative criterion upon this subject for the govern-
ment of this Union !
There are other compromises in the Constitu-
tion; there are other rights guarantied to the South.
One of them was alluded to by my colleague, a few
days ago, in addressing the House. He told you
then, and I repeat it now, that these rights guar-
antied by that instrument, have in some of the
States already been frittered away. Where are
the rights guarantied to the South, as they are now-
enforced in some of the eastern States ? You ask
us to give you additional power, additional strength,
and you hold up, as an inducement, the disposi-
tion , already manifested by a portion of your coun-
try, to disregard the clearly wiitten provisions and
guaiantecs of the Constitution in favor of the
South.
I have said that the South will ask nothing that
is not right, that is not based on the spirit of jus-
tice, and even of liberality. What, sir, does she
propose ? that in the disposition of the territory
which is thus to be acquired, a portion of it shall
be for the benefit of the southern States, while the
whole of it is for the benefit of the northern States.
