862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 0,
The gentleman from Pennsylvania said that all
the North asked was, that this Government should
occupy a position of neutrality. What kind of
neutrality ? To allow the people of this country
to settle this territory, and then to determine for
themselves the form of its government, the charac-
ter of its institutions? That, sip, would be neu-
trality in fact, upon the part of this Government.
That would be taking no part or lot in the matter.
And does the South step forward to ask any single
enactment on the part of this Government, in
regard to what shall be the character of the institu-
tions of this territory ? How is it that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania can charge southern Rep-
resentatives here, and the^oeople of the South, with
an intention or wish to violate the spirit of neutral-
ity on the part of the General Government, when
they have not raised their voice for the first time
to ask a single provision of law in reference to this
subject?
But is the gentleman from Pennsylvania him-
self willing that the Government should observe
that spirit of neutrality which he professes to ap-
prove? Is he willing to trust the American peo-
ple, the settlers upon this territory, to determine
for themselves the nature of the institution under
which they shall live, and the form of Government
to which they shall be subject? No, sir. He
steps forward and calls upon this Government to
array itself upon the part of the strength of the
Union against the weakness of the Union, (for
such is the condition of the North and South upon
this matter, considered numerically.) And this is
the " neutrality'' \v hich gentlemen from the North
desire. You have much greater strength; your
population far exceeds ours; you say your people
are more happy, prosperous, and enterprising than
ours; that tho South has lost her energy and en-
terprise; but yet you arc not willing to enter the
field of contest with them. Sir, if the people of
my own section are so dead to every principle of
American enterprise and industry, why is it that
our northern brethren are not willing to meet
them in the fair and open field of contest, where
industry and enterprise shall decide? Throw
open this territory and let the weak, enervated
South (as you call her) come forward and meet
you in all your strength; and the palm shall be
yielded to the victor cheerfully. Sir, I speak the
sentiments of the South: we arc willing to ac-
quiesce in the decision of the matter which shall
be thus made. And J trust we are not again to
hear of " neutrality" upon this question from the
North, until .she is willing to abide by it.
What is the objection, Mr. Chairman, to the
course which the South proposes to pursue? Gen-
tlemen tell us that if it were an ordinaly subject
of mere policy, they would be prepared to meet
us in the spirit of compromise, but that there is
involved in this matter a principle which cannot
be yielded. What is that principle5 It is that
you will not convert temtory which is not now
subjcct to the institution of slavery to that institu-
tion. Well, sir, considered in that li^Jit, it is the
merest abstraction on earth. But when you pur-
sue it one step further, you abandon the reason on
which this apparent abstraction rests, and it is
then that you are not willing to extend the institu-
tion of slavery. The mere fact of carrying it
■upon this territory involves no principle except
that of affording facilities for its extension. This
the point, the strength of the argument, as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. Chairman, are we better than our fathers?
Are we purer patriots, abler statesmen, more de-
voted to the principles of humanity and liberty,
than the sages who framed this Constitution? No,
sir; we are not. Was there any such proposition
involved in the proceedings of that convention as
the extension of slavery* On the contrary, does
not the Constitution itself distinctly recognise the
institution and provide for its extension ? Gentle-
men now tell us, upon this subject their con-
sciences will not permit them to meet us in the
spirit of compromise, liberality, or even justice,
because they are called upon to compromise an
important principle. That piinoiple resolves itself
into the extension of the institution of slavery.
Well, it might be that we would feel some hesita-
tion in calling upon our northern friends to yield
this important principle if we had not before us
uu example which commends itself to their favor-
able consideration. I say that this very question
was discussed in the convention which framed our
Constitution; the question, Whether the institu-
tion of slavery should be extended? That portion
of the country where it did exist contended for it.
The North, then as now—the "free States" (as
they are termed) opposed its extension. Was
there no mode by which they could compromise
this principle then? Why, sir, they adopted a po •
sition compromising the very principle I The slave-
holding section of the country insisted upon ex-
tending the institution; and in its most objection-
able form, in the eyes of northern men, namely, by
the importation of more slaves into the country.
I appeal to the candor of gentlemen: I believe there
is not a man within the hearing of my voice who
will not unhesitatingly say that to those opposed
to the institution of slavery, it is far more objec-
tionable to support and countenance a provision
by which negroes from Africa, now free, are to be
brought into the United States and become slave
property, than it is to extend the territory in which
the institution exists for the benefit of the slaves
now in bondage throughout the Union. Yet this
principle, in this its most objectionable form, was
compromised, yielded, acquiesced in, by the terms
of the Constitution, which expressly authorizes
the admission of slaves into the Union until the
year 1P08, and prohibits the Government until that
time from moving one single step towards the ex-
clusion of slaves which might be imported from
any part of the world into the United States.
The framers of the Constitution, then, did com-
promise thi3 important principle, which you, their
sons, now throw up as a bulwark to prevent you
from meeting your southern friends in the spirit
of liberality and justice.
This example of compromise upon this very
point by the illustrious men who framed oar Con-
stitution, it would seem, might go far towards
relieving gentlemen from the burden which is rest-
ing upon their consciences, and would address ;
itself strongly to the American people. And I hope
it will ultimately find a favorable response from all ;
sections of the Union; that the spint which framed :
the Constitution will manifest itself m the future
deliberations of Congress. So long as it does ex-
ist, so long as it continues to find an abiding place
in the hearts of the American people, and of Ame-
rican legislators, no section of this country will
have cause to complain of the injustice of the other.
All I desire, all 1 ask, is, that the spirit of our
fathers may continue to pervade our councils and
deliberations.
But suppose all these considerations are disre-
garded; suppose that the North refuse to listen to
the appeals of justice which we make to them; tell
me if there is one Representative from the North
on this flooi who would recommend to his people,
if he were the Representative of a southern con-
stituency, to acquiesce in the principles of the
"Wilmot proviso." Is there such a man ? Not
one. On the other hand, if you meet us in that
spirit of compromise m which the framers of the
Constitution met upon this very question, I ask if
the Representative of the North cannot return to
his people, and say to them, "We have met our
friends from the South in the spirit of liberality
and justice; the existence of this Union has been
preserved; the good feeling which pervades it is
yet uninterrupted; and the prospect presents itself
of the continuance of those blessings we have so
long enjoyed under the benign institutions of our
fathers." If you refuse to do it, what recourse
will you leave the South ? Will you have her re-
main here manacled? Will you have her appeal
in vain to tins Government for the enforcement of
her rights under this Constitution ?
Sir, there can be but one course for the North
to pursue in this matter. She must meet the South
in a spirit of libeiality and justice; or else she
must say to the South that the limits of this Union
j are fixed and unalterable. It is not the South who
pioclaim it: it is the Noith. If you prefer it,you
have the power to enforce it; you have the power
to say to the country, "The limits of our territory,
as they are now defined, shall remain her limits
forever. Beyond them we cannot go, because we
are not prepared to meet other sections of the coun-
try in a spirit of justice." The responsibility rests,
not upon the South, but upon the North, and
upon that portion of the North alone who thus
refuse to hearken to the appeals of justice.
Mr. Chairman, this question settled, this ques-
tion at rest, there is none other which can ever
disturb, to any consideiabie extent, the harmony
of this Union and the good feeling which pervades
every section. And, sir, whenever a compromise
line shall have reached the Pacific, the question is
settled forever. Although you have given out, as
1 before mentioned, some evidences, in some sec-
tions of the country, of unwillingness fairly and
justly to abide by the compromises of the Consti-
tution, yet we of the South profess such confidence
in the honesty, integrity, and good sense of the
American people, that we do not apprehend that
this opposition to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion will ever carry any portion of the people to
that extent which will seriously endanger the har-
mony which pervades the Union. That harmony
can only be preserved, these good feelings can only
be maintained, by the settlement of this question,
by the extension of this compromise line to the
Pacific. When it reaches there, it can never rise
again: from ocean to ocean you have settled the
limits of slavery. No serious cause can then be
apprehended by the American patriot and states-
man of danger to the institutions of his country.
I appeal to gentlemen, in consideration of these
great advantages to their country, to themselves,
and to posterity, to meet and to decide this question
iu the spirit which becomes a great and a free
people.
There is one other fact in connexion with this
subject, Mr. Chairman, to which I wish briefly to
call the attention of the committee. Sir, the South
claims nothing in this matter. She does not claim
that you shall guaranty to her the institution of
slavery in any section of this country—that you
guaranty that it shall exist north or south of any
compromise line. You call upon us to guaranty
that it shall never exist north of this compromise
line, in which I acquiesce until such territory shall
become a State. Then, whether north or south of
the line, it is for her own people to decide whether
they will have this institution or not. Well, south
of that line we ask you merely to hold your hands
off, to let us alone; to give the energy and enter-
prise of the South, crippled as you say it is, a fair
and open field. The portion of this territory north
of this line, and (I am now speaking of the exten-
sion of the Missouri compromise line to the Pacific)
the laiger, perhaps the moie valuable portion, wc
yield up to you, without dispute. We make no
effort to wrest it from you. The section of that
territory south of that line is open to you as well
as to us. We obtain but a mere permissive right
in it. Would you have us go farther than that?
Would you have us yield to further and further
and further restrictions upon the rights of the
South ? We profess to be contented with a permis-
sive right for our people to inhabit with their insti-
tutions that portion of the territory to be acquired,
if acquired at all, which lies south of this line.
Come with us; we shall be happy to soe you there;
to have you there in the enjoyment of all the rights,
privileges, and institutions which you have at home.
But while we say this to the people of the North,
you say to us, We can touch the soil north of that
line never. It is for your benefit. If we go there,
we must throw off the associations of our youth:
we must leave behind us the institutions in which
we have been reared; we must abandon the pur-
suits to which we have been accustomed.
From this view of the case gentlemen must see,
and the country in all sections must see and feel,
that the South are willing to make great compro-
mises and concessions; to yield up for the exclu-
sive benefit of the North one section of the coun-
try, while they have for themselves merely a
permissive right in the other. And even of this
small measure of right, gentlemen, by urging the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
seek to deprive us! And this is justice, liberality,
and the " neutrality" of the General Government
towards the people of the South!
Gentlemen cannot, in their moments of calm de-
liberation, bring their judgments to sanction and
approve this. And whatever may be the decisions
of politicians, of factions, who resort to this ques-
tion of sectional jealousy for the purpose of eleva-
ting one favorite or depressing a rival, the Ameri-
can people will settle this question upon the prin-
ciples of ri<jht and justice. They never have been,
and I have confidence that they never will be, ap-
pealed to in vain.
[Mr. C. here remarked, that as he had but five
minutes remaining, he would not attempt to refer
to other topics connected with the war, which he
had intended to discuss.]
