1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.363
I have stated (said he in conclusion) in the com-
mencement of my remarks, and I repeat it, that to
the prosecution of this war, I give my hearty sup-
port. I would have preferred, for the reasons I
have given, that the question raised by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, should
have been postponed for decision to a more suita-
ble and proper period; and the result which would
have followed such a course, I believe would have
been satisfactory to the people of this country
throughout its entire limits. They never would
have allowed a question of this character to have
disturbed the harmony of the country, or to have
given rise to that agitation which has already been
manifested more in this Hall than in any portion
of this country among the people—so far as I have
been informed. I have no doubt, (if the fact could
be ascertained,) with the great body of the people
at large there is a quiet which I could have wished
should reign within this Hall. They are disposed
to meet this question, not in a factious or partisan
spirit, but in that spirit of justice and liberality
towards the different sections of the Union which
the settlement of so important a question demands.
Mr. C.'s hour here expired.
Mr. BRODHEAD addressed the Committee in
defence of the war, in vindication of the course of
the Administration in i elation to it, and in opposi-
tion to the adoption of thcWilmot proviso.
Mr. DIXON then obtained the floor, and went
into a speech on the general subject of the war.
He deprecated the acquisition of any further terri-
tory, but insisted, if it was acquired, that it should
ba taken under the restriction of the Wilmot pro-
viso.
Mr. RATHBUN next obtained the floor, and
addressed the Committee.
He commenced by referring to the importance
which had been attached by all the gentlemen who
had spoken, to the question involved by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Wilmot,] and, by expressing his concurrence in
that view of it. It involved the question, Shall
this Government, by its own action, extend the
institution of slavery over territory where slavery
does not exist ? That was the entire question pre-
sented by this amendment, and it was the question
which was to be passed upon by the House.
But before proceeding to consider this question,
he proposed to say a very few words as to what he
considered properly the rights of tho southern
States on the subject of slavery. With the insti-
tution of slavery in the States, by the Constitution
of the United States Congress had no right to in-
terfere; nor was he aware that any member who
had spoken on this subject, either at this or the last
session, had any desire to interfere with slavery as
it is. We propose to do, said he, what gentlemen
from the South ask us to do—that is, to let slavery
alone; and, on the other hand, we ask fiom them
that they shall permit us to let it alone. We
have been told frequently, from the southern sec-
tion of the Union, that we, by the motion to adopt
the present amendment, at  infringing upon the
compromise of the Constitution, and, in so doing,
that we endanger the Union. It is very well that
they should so talk to us, and it is very well that
we should give such declarations all the weight
they deserve; and, in my judgment, that is very
little.
But we were told to-day and yesterday, by no
less than four Representatives from the Noith—
what ? That we were about to mvade the rights
of the southern States, and to interfere with the
solemn compromises of the Constitution; and that
by so doing we endanger the safety of the Union.
Well, if southern gentlemen have succecded in
alarming our northern men, I am very much grat-
ified that these northern men have been so kind
as to come out upon the floor of this House and
express their fears. And if what I shall say
upon the subject can be any consolation to them,
I shall be vei-y happy to express my firm convic-
tion that they need not give themselves any alarm
at all; that no action of Congress upon this subject,
no matter how definite and just it may be, in the
establishment of these national principles, will
trench upon the compromises of the Constitution,
nor endanger the Union. They need not be alarm-
ed upon that subject.
But aware that, in his short hour, he must be
very brief, Mr. R. proceeded to notice some other
topics.
We are told (he said) that it was not the time
to raise this question; that it is very improper to
interfere with the question of slavery while we arfe
at war with Mexico; that it will embarrass the
Administration; that it encourages the enemy; that
it distracts and divides the Democratic party; and
that all this matter ought to be postponed until the
war is over, and then we will settle all these mat-
ters more properly and more quietly. Well, by
southern gentlemen on this floor we are told the
very reverse.of this. One gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] and many others 011 this
side of the House, have told us this is the time to
settle this question, now; that it is time, if this sub-
ject is to be agitated, that we should declare to them
what we intend to do, and show by our actions
what they have to expect from us. That was the
language of the South and the language of honesty;
of men ready to meet the responsibilities which
the subject involves.
Why, what was the state of tilings before them ?
They were proposing in the bill under considera-
tion to appropriate three millions of dollars for the
purpose of negotiating peace, and buying peace;
either a piece of territory, or the peace which ter-
minates war—perhaps both. What shall be the
terms on which we shall have that piece of terri-
tory? That question should be considered now.
It was due to gentlemen opposed to him on this
subject; it was duo to northern men on this floor,
and those they represent, that this question should
be considered now; because we were engaged in
the prosecution of this war; because the Govern-
ment were drawing from the pockets of the people
three millions of dollars for the purpose of settling
this controversy and buying peace; because it was
proposed, by the appropriation of this thiee mil-
lions to buy territory, for the purpose of obtaining
that indemnity, which it is said here we ought to
have, and in which 1 concur.
Now there was to be a grave question settled in
regard Jo that territory. One part of this Dnion,
nearly two-thuds of the former whole Union, were
moved, agitated, excited, to no inconsiderable de-
gree upon this subject. They say this territory
must be free; that it is now free, and they cannot
consent that it shall be otherwise than free. Ano-
ther portion of the Union—one-third of the for-
mer, perhaps—say that this territory lies in their
immediate neighborhood; that the institution of
slavery exists'among them; that they have a right
to extend that institution to this territory if it is
acquired by the United States; that they have the
same rights as the people of other sections of the
country have; that they have as much right to
carry their property into that territory as citizens
of the North have to carry theirs.
This was a grave question; and it was due to all
sections of the Union that it should be considered
and settled now, if it could be. And the man from
the North that cries it is not time, was giving "aid
and comfort" to those who intend to extend sla-
very over that territory, and the strongest support
that ho, could possibly give them.
Why, suppose we acquired this territory. The
President, the Cabinet, the whole Administration,
we were told, were in favor ot leaving this an
open question. They know, betore we do, what
arc to be the terms of the treaty; and before the
North learn that a treaty is to be made, that it has
been consummated and settled upon, it is known
111 the whole southern country, and that territory is
flooded all over with persons from the South, car-
rying thither their staves. Then, when Congress
should meet here, when the treaty has been con-
summated, and should undertake to legislate upon i
the subject, they would be met with the cry, not
that you are too early—no; but, you are too late.
We are in possession, and have vested rights which
you must not disturb. That territory is now cov- 1
ered over with slaves, and Congress has no right j
to abolish slavery there. Then there would be I
some plausibility in the argument that ' Congress ;
has no right to interfere with the compromises of ,
the Constitution in regard to this territory. There ,
was none now. . j
For these reasons he was in favor of acting now. \
Sir, (said he,) have we ever been too early in any |
contest with the South on such a question ? Have j
we ever yet succeeded in a contest with the South |
on such a question ? Have we not always been a ■
little too late? And are we to be told now, by our j
own friends, or those who ought to be—those who !
come from the North—that you are a little too ,
early ! That you are interfering with the Admin- I
istration in the prosecution of the war! That you
ought not to procure a lock and key for the stable
door because the horse is there; but that you ought
to wait until he is stolen! Why, let gentlemen
who talk that way take all the consolation they can
from it. I tell them the people of the North know
that it is not " too early; —that it is the time; that
it is anticipating the foreclosure of the question
which the South will bring upon you the very mo-
ment slavery places its foot upon that territory.
But it was urged, that in pressing this amend-
ment they were " interfering with the compromises
of the Constitution." He referred to the provision
in the Constitution providing for the representation
of slaves in the proportion of three-fifths of their
number, and said this was the only compromise,
except the privilege of reclaiming their fugitive
slaves, and the clause in which the military power
of this Government was pledged by the Constitu-
tion, whenever called upon by the President, to aili
any State in the Union in quelling an insurrection.
And what, was really the points gained by the
North in yielding these three important conces-
sions to southern sections of the Union ? What
did the North obtain 111 lieu of this representation
of slaves—this representation of property? The
North had no repiesentation of propeily. They
had no right to call upon the States to aid in return-
ing their property when abstracted from their own
State, or (if live property) when it flees from one
State to another. What, then, did the North re-
ceive in return ? Why, this—and this alone—this
miserable apology of an equivalent, that direct tax-
ation and representation shall correspond with each
other. And when would that great bonus to the
North—that great compromise to the North—be
executed ? Why, when the sky falls; and not be-
fore. Itwas pronounced at the time,by Gouverneur
Morris of Pennsylvania, to be a mere pretext for
a compromise, utterly futile, conveying no power
to the Government that would ever be exercised.
And he said then what Mr. II. wished all Pennsyl-
vanians would say to-day, that this property should
not be represented on this floor at all. He did not
wish them to say it, so far as the States which now
exist were concerned, but he wished them to say
that they would not aid 111 bringing in other terri-
tory which shall heieafter have a. slave population
thus to be represented.
But Mr. Morris said another thing on this sub-
ject, namely, that direct taxes would not be col-
lected; and that while they refused the Govern-
ment the privilege of levying duties upon exports,
the only mode m which slave property could be
reached and taxed, and the only consideration giv-
en the North in lieu of these privileges granted the
South, was the privilege of levying duties upon
foreign importations, and the Noith would be com-
pelled to pay the principal part; that the tax upon
Bohea tea, paid by the poor laborers of the North,
would be vastly more than would ever be paid by
any southern slave.
"Mr. Moms inquired, "Upon what principle is it that
tlie slaves shall be computed in the lepresentation ? Aie
they men? Then make them citizcns, and let them vole.
Are tliey property ? Why, then, is no other property inclu-
ded? The hoii-e.s 111 this city (Philadelphia) aie worth more
than all the wretched slaves who cover the lice swamps of
South Oaiohna. The admission of slaves into the lepiescu-
tatson, when fairly explained, comes to this: that the inhab-
itant of Georgia and South Caiohna, who goes to the coast
ot Africa, and, 111 di hanet; of the most >acied laws? of hu-
manity, tears aw.iy his fellow-eieatures fiom their deaiot
connexion^, and dooms them to ciuel bondage, shall have
more votes, in a <roveininrnt instituted for the protection of
the light-sot' mankind,than the citizen^ of PeniisyJvanmor
New Jersey, who views, with a laudable hoiror, to nefarious
a practice. He would add, that domestic slavery is the inn* t
piominent feature m the aristocratic coimtcnancem the pio-
poded constitution. Th" va^al.tg^of the poor has over been
the favoute oflnprin^ofaristociacy. And whatt* the proposed
compensation to the noitheiri States, foi a sacrifice of eveiy
pnnciple of light, and of eveiy impulse of humanity ? They
aie to bind themselves to march their imhtia for the defence
ot the southern States, for their defence against those very
slaves ot whom they complain. Thej must supply vessels
and •-c.iiiiPn in ea*-e of a foreign attack. The legislative
a i.'l have indefinite pou er to tax than by excises and dulics on
nnpoits, both o! which will jail heavier on Viein than on the
soul hum nihabitunh; foi the Bohea tea need !>y a noithem
fieeinan will pay more t;i\* than the uhole tax ot the nuseia-
ble slave, which consist in nothing more than his phjsieal
subsistence and the rag that covers his nakedness.. On the
other side the southern States are not to he renamed fjoni
importni" fres.li supplies of wretched Africans, at once to
i?iaeuse the danger of attack and the difficulty oj defences
nay, they arc to be encouraz&l to it, by an nssumriee of hav-
ing their votes in the National Government increased in pio-
poUion; and are, at the same time, to have their evpoits
and their slaves exempt from all contubiuionsfor the public
service. Let it not be said that dhc< t taxation is to be pio-
portioaed to representation. It is idle to suppose that th©
