1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BADGER appealed from the decision of
the Chair. He regarded the rule of the Senate as
applicable only to ordinary resolutions. This reso-
lution, involving a question touching the dignity of
the Senate and the privileges of its members, could
not be within the operation of that rule.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed his hope that the
Senator from North Carolina would withdraw his
appeal. It was desirable, in his opinion, that the
subject should lie over until to-morrow, so that
Senators might have an opportunity to examine the
article deferred to, which contained, it is alleged,
attacks—for it was not a single attack, but sev-
eral—on this body. It was also desirable that op-
portunity should be given to look into the character
of the report alluded to in the resolution, and to
see to what extent it was garbled. There could be
no doubt that an insulting attack had been made
on this body; and that the report on the amend-
ment to the army bill had been one-sided, not a
word having been published of what had been said
on the side of those who interposed a constitutional
objection to the amendment, while two speakers on
the opposite side are fully reported. He hoped the
whole subject would be allowed to go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. ARCHER said he would make no objec-
tion to the proposition for postponement were it
not that he feared it might be a precedent for the
course of the Senate hereafter. He had no doubt
as to this being a privileged question, under that
parliamentary law to which even the rules of legis-
lative bodies must be subordinate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER said he had been
governed in his decision by the rule of the Senate,
not thinking that there was anything in this reso-
lution to take it out of the ordinal y course.
Mr. SEVIER insisted that the rule was applica-
ble to all resolutions.
Mr. BADGER agreed entirely in the suggestion
made by the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, that it was better in every respect that this
subject should be considered to-morrow, and not
to-day, for he admitted that it was a subject which
ought not to be acted on without full consideration.
In adopting a resolution to vindicate the dignity of
the body, and to preserve it from gross assaults,
they ought to proceed in such a manner as to show
that they were not acting under excitement, but
coolly and deliberatelj7. They should do nothing
but what a just appreciation of their own dignity
and respectability required. He would be per-
fectly willing, therefore, that the resolution should
lie over, but he could not consent to withdraw the
appeal, for the reason whiclj had been very prop-
erly assigned by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia. If the decision of the Presiding Officer
should be acquiesed in, it would establish a prece-
dent which might be very inconvenient and even
dangerous to the privileges of this body, or any of
its membeis. He instanced the case of a gross
and open insult that might be offered to the body
while engaged in deliberation which would require
the immediate interposition of its authority. An
obstruction to the public business might be occa-
sioned by a not taking place within the Hail or
otherwise, and it would be exceedingly inconve-
nient m such case that a resolution to punish the
offending parties should be required to be post-
poned for a day. Should the decision of the Chair
become a precedent, the Senate would stand as a
weak and powerless body, and to yield its func-
tions, its business, and even its character, if it were
demanded, because we could consider no resolu-
tion on the subject until the day alter it was offer-
ed. It was for such reasons as these that questions
of privilege took priority over ali others, and were
always in order; and it was a question tor the Sen-
ate to determine, when such question of privilege
was raised, whethei it demanded immediate action,
or whether it might be consistently postponed. It
was for the purpose of avoiding the establishment
of such a precedent as the decision of the Chair
which has just been made would establish, that he
had taken an appeal.
Mr. CALHOUN said he did not entertain the
least doubt of the correctness of the position taken
by the Senator iiom North Carolina, that a ques-
tion of privilege always takes precedence. He
had merely suggested the postponement in order
to give time for an examination, but he would not
it.
Mr. DAVIS observed, that lh« parliamentary
law upon this subject was very clearly settled, He
believed it would be found upon a full examina-
tion that resolutions concerning questions of privi-
lege were exempt from the rule requiring ordinary
resolutions to lie over for one day. But he rose
merely to see if he could not extricate the Senate
from the difficulty m which it was placed, by pro-
posing (and he' believed the proposition would meet
the approbation of gentlemen on all sides) that the
question of appeal, as well as the resolution, should
be deferred until to-morrow.
Mr. YULEE said that when he originally pre-
sented the resolution he had not regarded it in the
light of a privileged question, because he had some
doubts whether the Senate could be brought so to
consider it. But he was perfectly willing that the
whole subject should be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he had not read the
article to which reference had been made; but he
was satisfied that the principle laid down by the
decision of the Chair was wrong, and that the de-
cision should be reversed. The appeal was there-
fore calculated to settle a very important question,
and he hoped it would be pressed to a vote. The
rule under the parliamentary law referred not to
privileged questions but simply to ordinary reso-
lutions. It could never have been intended in the
practice of the Senate to overiide privileged ques-
tions by a r.ule of this sort. Had the Senator from
North Carolina withdrawn his appeal, he (Mr. W.)
should have felt it his duty to renew it. lie thought
the appeal was necessary to establish a precedent
for the action of the Senate in violent party times,
when conflicts might arise of a more serious char-
acter.
The further consideration of the appeal and the
resolution was then postponed until to-morrow:
ayes 23, noes 16.
Mr. FAIRFIELD stated that this day had been
assigned for the consideration of the bill to autho-
rize the construction of four additional steamships,
it having been the special order for to-day. As
other important questions now occupied the atten-
tion of the Senate, he had risen to move that this
bill be made the special order for Friday next at
half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill making a spe-
cial appropriation of three millions to bring the
war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable con-
clusion.
The question pending being on the substitute
moved by Mr. CASS, as an amendment to the
amendment of Mr. BERRIEN,
Mr. CASS said*: In the remarks I propose to
submit, Mr. President, I shall invert the natural
order of arrangement. I intend to present my
views of the causes and course of the war thus far,
and also the icasons, which will induce me to vote
for the appropriation of three millions of dollars.
To which I shall add my views of the best mode
of proceeding m the prosecution of the war. I shall
begin, however, with the two latter subjects.
1 do not rise, sir, with the emotions so visibly felt
and so eloquently described by the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina. I do not consider
this counti y, or its institutions in the slightest dan-
ger. Never was it more free, powerful, or pros-
perous, than at the present moment, when untimely
warnings come to assail us. The public sentinel
may sleep upon his watchtower. In the distant
horizon, not a cloud as big as the prophet's hand,.
is to be seen, which is to overspread the heavens,
and to buist m thunder and m tempest upon us.
We are, indeed, engaged in a foreign war, which
demands the solicitude of every good citizen. But
the scene of its operations is two thousand miles
distant; and, come the woist that may, we can at
any time withdraw into our own country. Dis-
graceful, indeed, would be such a movement; hut
it would be still better than "the evils predicted,
and according to the nature of the apprehensions
expressed, it would teiminate the danger.
Mr. President, it gives me great pain to hear any
allusions to the dissolution of this Confederacy;
and of all the places in this republic, this high placc
is the last, in which they should be expressed. The
Constitution is in no danger. It has survived many
a shock, and it will survive many more. There
are those now in the Senate—and I am among
them—who were born before it came into being.
We have grown with our growth and strength-
ened with our strength, till the approach of physi-
cal infirmities, the kindly warnings of nature, bid
us prepare for another and an untried world. And
the Constitution, too, has grown with its growth
and strengthened with its strength, till from three
millions it governs twenty millions of people, and
has made them the happiest community upon the
face of the globe. But it is yet fresh in its strength.
No infirmity has come to tell us, that its dissolu-
tion is near. It is no longer an experiment, but
experience; no longer a promise, but performance.
It has fulfilled all, and more than all, its most
sanguine advocates dared predict, It is at this
moment stronger in the affections of the American
people, than at any other period of its existence
Like the cliff of eternal granite,' which overlooks
the ocean, and drives back the ceaseless waves, that
assail its base, so will this Constitution resist the
assaults, that may be made upon it, come hpw or
when or whence they may. in the providence pf
God, no such lot as ours was ever conferred upon
a peonle. What we have been and are, the past
and the present have told, and are telling us.
What we are to bo, the future will tell to those,
who are to come after us, to their joy or sorrow,
as we cherish or reject the blessings we enjoy. If
wc are not struck with judicial blindness, as were
God's chosen people of old, and punished for na-
tional offcnccs by national punishments, we shall
cling to this Constitution, as the mariner clings to
the last plank, when night and the tempest close
around nim; and we shall cling to it the stronger,
as the danger is greater.
Mr. President, I shall not touch any of the topics
before us, as a sectional man. I view them, and
shall present them, as an American citizen, look-
ing to the honor and interests of his country, and
of his whole country. In these great questions of
national bearing, I acknowledge no geographical
claims. What is best for the United States is best
for me; and in that spirit alone shall I pursue the
discussion.
A strong desire pervades this country, that a re-
gion, extending-west of our present possessions to
the Pacific ocean, should be acquired and become
part of our Confederacy. The attempt to purchase
it was made during the administration of General
Jackson, and the hope of succeeding has never
since been u holly abandoned. I will not detain
the Senate by spreading out the reasons, which ren-
der such a measure desirable. It would give to us
a large territory, a great deal of it calculated for
American settlement and cultivation, and it would
connect us with the great western ocean, giving us
a front along its shores in connexion with Oregon
of, perhaps, thirteen or fourteen degrees of latitude.
It would give us also the magnificent bay of St. Fran-
cisco, one of the noblest anchorages m the world,
capaple of holding all the navies of the eailh; and
fiom its commanding position, controlling, in some
measure, the trade of the northern Pacific. But,
sir, besides these advantages, commercial and ge-
ographical, there are important political considera-
tions, which point to extension as one of the great
measures of safety for our institutions.
In Europe? one of the social evils is concentra-
tion. M* arc brought too much and kept too
much in contact. There is not room for expan-
sion. Minds of the highest order are pressed
down by adverse circumstances, without tliepower
of free exertion. There is no starling-point for
them. ITence the struggles, that are ever going on,
m our crowded communities. And hence the
emcutcs, which disturb and alarm the Governments
of the Old World, and which must one day or
other shake them to their centre. Questions of
existence are involved in them, as well as ques-
tions of freedom. I trust we are far removed from
all this: but to remove us further yet, we want al-
most unlimited power of expansion. That is our
safety valve. The mightiest intellects which when
compressed in thronged cities, and hopeless of
their future, are ready to break the barriers around
them the moment they enter the new world of the
West, feel their freedom, and turn their energies to
contend with the works of creation; converting the
woods and the forests into towns, and villages,
and cultivated fields, and extending the dominion
of civilization and improvement over the domain of
nature. This process has been going on since the
; first settlement of our country; and while it eon-
1 tinues, whatever other evils betide us, we shall be
! free from the evils of a dense population, witli
