370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
E
„ These are irksome inquiries to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, and I shall not pursue them. If all this is
■so, we are already unfaithful to the trust transmit-
ted to us, purchased by the exertion and blood of
our fathers, and left as a precious legacy for those,
who are to come after us. The lofty position of
the distinguished Senator from South Carolina,
his reputation—a European one, in fact—his great
services, and his pure character, give extraordi-
nary weight to all the sentiments he utters; and the
deeper, therefore, is my regret. If these appre-
hensions are well founded, there is another point
of application for the epigrammatic remark of a
French statesman, speaking of us in the earlier
periods of our history, who said, If such is the
youth of that republic, what will be its old tfge?"—
Sir, it will have no old age.
The eyes of Europe are upon us. Nothing
worse can happen to us, than to stop ingloriously.
That is our last resource. We have, then, but to
rosecute this war, as other wars are prosccuted
y other nations. We have but to discard danger-
ous experiments, and to hold on to the experience
of the world. We must breast ourselves to the
shock. We must continue our occupation o£ Mex-
ico, and push the invasion still farther. We must
do as other people have done—we must attack and
disperse her armies, take possession of her towns,
and capture her fortresses. There seems to be
some analogy between the cities of Paris and
Mexico. Both are the native seats of revolutions.
Both exert a preponderating influence over their
respective countries. I have no right to give an
authoritative opinion, respecting the expediency of
a demonstration upon the capital. Still, I do not
hesitate to say, that I think it would be a wise and
probably decisive measure. It would disperse the
Government, and weaken, if not break, its hold
upon public opinion. It would divert the reve-
nues from them to us. And, in addition to this
resource, I agree fully with the honorable Senator
from Missouri in opinion, that we should call con-
tributions to our aid, in defraying our military ex-
penses. It is a legitimate means of support for
hostile armies. It belongs to the present age, and
not exclusively to the past. During all the wars
in Europe in our time, almost the first thing the
commander of a foreign army does, on entering an
enemy's town, is to convene the magistrates, and
make requisitions upon them for bread, meat, ;
wine, forage, and sucli other supplies as are want- j
ed. And this, too, under threat of military exeeu- :
tion. And the process has been found effectual, \
and the practice universal. j
But it is said, Mr. President., that the Mexicans j
will fight till the last extremity. Itmiybeso. There ,
are many desperate deeds recorded in history, and i
obstinacy is a prominent trait in the Spanish char- ]
acter, and belongs to all the affiliated people of that ;
Stock. ' But men do not fight for the mere purpose j
of being killed. We do not enter Mexico to con- ;
quer her—only to conquer a peace. We do not j
assail her independence. We do not seek her per- ;
manent subjugation. We only ask her to do us I
justice. It seems to me, then, that this is not one '
of those cases, sometimes prominent in the history
of nations, where the public energy is aroused to a
lit of desperation, and by which means victories
arc achieved against all previous calculations. J
Without government, without trade, without re- |
sources, sowing, but not to reap, or reaping but j
not to enjoy, and with all the evils of hostile occu- 1
pation, I cannot but think, that the Mexican peo- !
pie may he conquered—to justice.
Mr. President, the Senator from South Carolina
has adverted to the periodical visits of fevei, by
which the lowlands of Mcxico are, during that
season, impervious to the strangerT It is "a tax,
which those rich countries pay for other bounties,
that nature has given them. But this is a reason
for hastening, and not for abandoning our opera-
tions. Certainly, I trust, our Government will
not expose the lives of our brave soldiers in those
death-doing; climates. Our armies can fight with
their natural enemies, and they have poured out
their blood like water for their country. But they
cannot fight the pestilence, and their weapons
would be powerless before the angel of death. !
Wherever, therefore, they may be, when this time
of disease comes on, they will no doubt be stopped
and properly taken care of, in districts removed '
from its operation. This is the paramount duty
of the Government, and they must fulfil it under
the heaviest responsibility. So much, sir, for the
future. Now let me be permitted to review the
past.
During a considerable portion of last session of
Congress, we were occupied in the consideration of
the thesis, that nations cannot go to war in this en-
lightened age of the world. Row«we should have
decided that difficult question, had a decision be-
come necessary, I do not venture to assert. Our
deliberations were suddenly interrupted by the
sound of hostile cannon from India, from Australia,
from the Cape of Good Hope, from Algiers, from
the Caucasus, and from the La Plata, and still
nearer and louder from our own frontier, which
announced, that old-fashioned war, with all its evils,
still found abiding places upon the eaith, and that
we were yet far from the age of universal peace
and benevolence. The disinterested English jour-
nals read its many a homily upon our pugnacious
propensities; and some of the continental papers of
Europe, expressed their holy horror at the assu-
rance of that great, unbridled, trans-Atlantic de-
mocracy, in thinking it had honor and interests to
assert, and courage to defend them.
The progress of the war, in which we find our-
selves engaged, has furnished to the English and
French journals, since that period, favorable oppor-
tunities of impugning our motives and our policy,
and of arraigning us at the tribunal of public opin-
ion through the world; in contrast, it is to be pre-
sumed, with the disinterested and philanthropic
conduct of their own governments. I desire, be-
fore I examine the internal questions, connected
with this war, to submit a few remarks upon the
external ones. The conduct of nations constitutes
the law of nations. If the enlightened and powerful
governments of the world take redress into their
own hands, whenever their interests require, they
have little right to arraign the course of other
powers, who, after long years of patient forbear-
ance, find themselves driven to arms. A few brief
statements of this self-redressing policy, if I may
call them audi, will exhibit the modern practice in
bold lelief.
In 1829, difficulties arose between the Argentine
republic and the French, respecting the service of
foreigners in the militia of the country. The diplo-
matic Hgcntof France immediately withdrew, while
the Frcnch fleet attacked the vessels of Buenos
Ayres, which then submitted to the demands im-
posed upon it.
England abandoned the Falkland Islands in 1774,
after holding them a few ycais. On the assertion
of the independence of Buenos Ayres, that Govern-
ment took possession of these islands, as the suc-
cessor of the rights of Spain. In 1833, after hav-
ing been the subject of a diplomatic correspondence
between England and Cuenos Ayres, while peace-
ably hold by the latter Power, a British vessel of
war took possession of them, and its captain ad-
dressed to the Buenos Ayrean commander this
modest and laconic note: 44 it is my intention to
4 hoist, to-morrow morning, the national flag of
4 Great Britain on shore, when, I request you will
4 be pleased to haul down your flag, and to with-
4 draw your forces, taking with you all the stores,
1 &c., belonging to your Government."
In 1831 a difficulty arose between the British
and the Portuguese Governments, in consequence
of the claims of certain British subjects. England
demanded—
1st. That a Portuguese captain should be cash-
iered.
2d. That certain payments should be made with-
in a month.
3d. That several magistrates should be removed.
4th. That regular judicial proceedings should be
disavowed, and compensation made for injuries,
they were said to have inflicted.
5th. Another disavowal of the proceedings of a
magistrate.
And in all these cases of dismissal, it was re-
quired, that they should be notified in the Lisbon
Gazette, with a statement of the causes, which oc-
casioned them, and an assurance, that none of these
persons should again be employed under any pre-
tence.
6th. That certain duties on British manufactures
should cease.
7th. That compensation should be made to an
Englishman, who had been ordered back into Spain,
in consequence of some irregularity in his pass-
port.
8th. A severe and public reprimand of a Portu-
guese officer, who had given offence.
9th . The dismissal of a judge, conservator of the
British privileges.
10th. A positive engagement, that the rights of
British subjects should thenceforth be strictly ob-
served.
And to ail these demands it was added, that none
of them admitted of the slightest negotiation or
modification.
This ultimatum was carried out by a British
squadron, which cruised off the mouth of the Ta-
gus, while the Portuguese ministry were delibera-
ting on their reply.
The nature of that reply was determined by the
notice, with which the British consul-general con-
cluded his demands, that in the event of their being
rejected, the British fleet would commence hostili-
ties. Before the time elapsed every demand was
complied with; and the Lisbon Gazette, on the 2d
of May, announced the humiliation of the Portu-
guese Government.
" This example," says the British Annual Re-
gister, with much, naivete, while narrating the trans-
action, " was not lost upon France." A French
citizen had been punished for "commuting a breach
of public decency in the Cathedral during passion
week;" and another Frenchman was accused and
punished for having been engaged in a conspiracy.
"Other subjects of France had been airested at
' Oporto and Lisbon, but had suffered no other
1 indignity, but their confinement." These meas-
ures appear to have been flirected by the ordinary
judicial tribunals. The Ejrench Government de-
manded redress, which not being granted, a French
fleet sailed for theTagus, and began reprisals on the
Portuguese flag. This measure, being found insuf-
ficient to produce the desired result, a stronger fleet
was despatched, with an ultimatum, and this not
being acceptcd, it entered the river and anchored
off Lisbon. The Portuguese Government then
submitted. But immediately after, additional de-
mands were made, and the Portuguese fleet was
convcycd to Brest.
Ceitain commercial advantages were granted to
Great Britain by Naples in a treaty concluded in
1816. In 1838, a monopoly of the sulphur mines
was granted by the Neapolitan Government to a
company, organized for the purpose of working
them. England considered this grant an infrac-
tion of the treaty, and remonstrated against it.
After some diplomatic discussions, the Neapolitan
Government announced to that of England, that it
had determined not to yield to the demands, not
considering the monopoly,as any infraction of the
treaty. The parties interested in it took the opin-
ion of two of the most eminent counsel in England,
sir F. Pollock and Dr. Phillimore, who decided
that it was no infraction of the treaty of 1816. But
the British Government determined to enforce its
demands, and ordered its admiral on the Mediter-
ranean station to hold himself in readiness to com-
mence hostilities against theNeapolitan flag. They
were actually commenced m 1840 by a British '
fleet, which captuied a number of Neapolitan ves-
sels. The Government of Naples at first piepared
to resist; but, says an English historian, " the
4 utter hopelessness of a contest with England in-
4 duced it finally to accept the proposed mediation
4 of France." The result was the abolition of the
sulphur monopoly.
The French took possession of Vera Cruz in
1839, after a heavy bombardment, and held it as a
security for the redress of their grievances. These
grievances consisted principally, if not wholly, in
withholding from French citizens the right of re-
tail trade. An indemnity of three millions of francs
was granted, and also some compensation for
French citizens, who had been expelled from the
country.
The British Annual Register observes that "the
'peculiar indemnity, which the French claimed,
'arose out of all sorts of demands on the part
' of certain Frenchmen, who alleged they had
' grounds of complaint against the Mexicans. But
' in addition to the compensation demanded, the
4 French insisted on concessions and privileges,
' which no independent nation could be expected
'to grant, and no generous one should have en-
' deavored to extort from a weaker Power. They
' required, that judges should be removed, sentences
4 revoked; and that immunities, not granted to the
4 most favored nation, should be conceded to French
c residents; such as exemption from war contribu-
' tions and extraordinary imposts, together with
* unrestricted liberty to cfitrry on a retail trade."
