1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The seizure of the Sandwich Islands, in 1842,
by the French Admiral Du Petit Thouars-, is fresh
in the recollection of every one, who watches the
progress of the political affairs of the world. What-
ever was the character of the French claims, the
act of hostility, by which redress was sought, was
a stroke inflicted by a great Power upon a feeble
one, which-neither the nature of the alleged offence,
nor the time, that had elapsed could justify.
I need not recall in detail the transactions of the
La Plata, by which the English and French Gov-
ernments interfered in the war between Buenos
Ayres and Montevideo. The universal judgment
of this country has pronounced that transaction,
one of the most unjustifiable assaults, ever commit-
r ted upon the independence of nations. It was mer-
cantile cupidity, and neither justice nor philan-
thropy, which led to this gross outrage.
But why, sir, do I turn from the direct issue be-
fore us, to recall these instances of self-redress,
which have, within the few last years, attracted the
attention of Christendom? I agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia in much that he has
said on the subject of war, always injurious and
often unjust. But I am not going to be led into
a polemic upon that subject. We must take the
world as we find it; and tlie nation, that hesitates
to defend its honor and its interests, will soon have
neither to defend. There is an Arab proverb,
which says, it is the last feather, which breaks the
camel's back. There is a last indignity, which,
unredi-essed, breaks down the honor and charac-
ter of any nation. Whether we had reached the
point, where forbearance becomes pusillanimity, in
our intercourse with Mexico, can best be judged
by passing in review the long catalogue of out-
rages on her side, and of acts of moderation on
ours.
The Divine Lawgiver has said, Judge not, lest
ye be judged. And what judgment has been meted
out by the public opinion of England upon the.
conduct of this country in our intercourse with the
Mexican republic? One short, but emphatic ex-
tract from each of the great journals of England,
the exponents of the rival parties in that country,
will put this question beyond controversy. They
were brought out by the last steam-packct.
" Texas," says the London Times, " has spoiled
< the morale, of the United States. The invaders of
' Mexico are men of blood. They are not the men
< to build the temple of peace."
And the London Morning Chronicle, speaking
of that part of the President's message, which re-
counts the causes of the war, says: " It seems a
* monstrous thing, that mouth of man should run
' on so; that it should parade hypocrisy in the day-
* light; that it should insult the understanding of
* the world." " To what end make statements that
' will deceive no one, and which will so much
4 credit for the future?"
If ever there was one illustration, stronger than
another, of the propensity of man to behold the mote
in a brother's eye, and not to consider the beam ill his
own, it is found in these ever-renewing and ever-
condemning judgments, formed in England upon
the policy of the United States, both external and
internal. Like the Pharisee of old, the English
people thank God, they are not as other nations are,
<c or even as" that great mobocracy upon the west-
ern hemisphere, so hateful in the eyes of every
true believer in the divine right of the few to gov-
ern the many.
They thank God that they do not go to war. It is
antiquated—if is a barbarous usage, unfit for Chris-
tian people. Even an honorable Senator from New
Jersey recapitulated the wrongs we had submitted
to from other Powers, enumerating them with
mathematical precision—the Saxon, the Gaul, the
Dane, and almost all others, whose names are found
in the nomenclature of nations, and thence seamed
to deduce the conclusion, that as we had suffered
much, we might well suffer more. 1 will not un-
dertake to say, Mr. President, that we have not
pushed our forbearance beyond the true limit of
public honor and dignity; but I will say to that
honorable Senator, that our cup was running over
when Mexico attacked us, and that the future
would have been as full of danger and uncertainty,
as the past was of indignity, had we sat down and
worked out our course by the rule of three: As
so many injuries from Denmark gave such a meas-
ure of immunity, what measure shall the injustice
of Mexico give?
I feel little disposition, sir, to pore over the his-
ffi
tories of France or England, and, placing my fin-
ger upon the acts of injustice recorded there, to
com pare these with our own policy, in our inter-
course with foreign nations. We never acquired
a foot of territory by blood. If thev dare to say as
much, let them say it. " Texas," says the Times,
"has spoiled the morale of the United States." Is
there any morale left in- England ? If there is, it
has survived the shocks of such acquisitions, as the
world has never seen, since the fall of the Roman
empire. We are men of blood, becausc we resist
the invasion of the Mexicans ! And what, then,
are the men of England, who have left the mark of
blood upon the soil of almost every nation on the
habitable globe ? The American mouth utters hy-
pocrisy ! But there is no hypocrisy in high places,
where forbearance, and moderation, and philan-
thropy are eternally preached, and conquest, and
acquisition, and commercial cupidity, eternally
practised. We have seen one kingdom overturned,
and its dominion pass to a foreign Power, because
its semi-barbarous sovereign forgot his own dignity
and the rights of others, so much as to flourish his
fan in the face of a consul. And we have seen the
oldest empire in the world attacked, and its recesses,
so long concealed, laid open, and its government
prostrated at the feet of an invader, because it insist-
ed upon the exercise of its indisputable right to pro-
hibit the smuggling of opium—a drug equally de-
structive to the physical powers, and to the moral
faculties. But, sir, I have no disposition to open a
ledger with other nations, and to make regular en-
tries of their acts of injustice and aggression, and to
compare the account with our own" We claim no
exemption from the frailties of humanity. It were
well if war could be banished, and peace forever
established among the nations of the world. That
time will come; but it will come, when it is ordained
in the providence of God. The eye of faith may
discern it now. Tint, looking at things as they are,
and applying to them the ordinary rules of human
judgment, the reign of universal peace is still far
remote. And, in the mean time, if we are struck,
we must strike back, or become a by-word and
a reproach among the nations of the earth.
But, sir, passing from the external view of our
difficulties with Mexico, we have still an internal
one to take, which involves much higher consider-
ations. The causes of the war are a grave subject
of discussion. Public opinion is investigating and
pronouncing its judgment upon them. For my-
self, I have no fear of the result. The more the
question is examined, the more manifest will be
our wrongs, and the clearer our forbearance. In
the President's last annual message, an interestino-
synopsis was given of the conduct of Mexico to-
wards this country. No more conclusive review
of national injuries has ever appealed to the public
opinion of this country, or of the world. It re-
capitulates, calmly, and with truth and force, the
still accumulating wrongs, we had suffered, and the
final act, which crowned them—the invasion of our
country and the attack upon our army; an attack,
which the Mexican authorities declared they would
make, as far east as the Sabine river.
I shall not, Mr. President, go over the whole
ground of our difficulties with Mexico. I regret,
that it becomes necessary to investigate their his-
tory in this place. I regret, that unanimity does
not prevail upon this subject, when unanimity is
so essential to prompt and vigorous action. While
I regret it, however, I impugn the motives of no
one. Thank God, wc are as free to investigate the
conduct of the Government, as we are to breathe
the air of heaven. But while I concede to others
the same right I claim for myself—the right to
examine freely, and to judge openly, the conduct
of the Government in its intercourse with other
nations—I may be allowed to express the regret, ]
and together with the regret, the surprise, that 'i
throughout the country one undivided sentiment [
had not prevailed—that the conduct of Mexico left ]
us no choice between war and dishonor.
We were the first to receive that republic into
the family of nations. Our complaints against her
commenced almost with the commencement of her !
independence. They go back to the year 1817, I
and come down to the present day, in one almost '
uninterrupted series of outrages. I shall not slate '
them seriatim, nor enter into the detail of their na- |
ture and extent. This has been l-epeatcdly done,
and the official documents are before the country.
I will merely classify from an able report, made by
Mr. Forsyth in 1837, the various heads of com
fmeasure belonging to citizens'of the United
Has been seized by Mexican officers in its-
plaints, which will present the general aspect of
the subject:
States L been seized by lviexican oflxceis m its-
transit from the capital to the coast. ,
2. Vessels of the United States have been cap-
tured, detained, and condemned, upon the most
frivolous pretexts.
3. Duties have been exacted from others noto-
riously against law, or without law.
4. Other vessels have been employed, and, in
some instances ruined in the Mexican service, with-
out compensation to the owneis.
5. Citizens of the United States have been, im-
prisoned for long periods of time, without being
informed of the oifences with which they were
charged.
6. Other citizens have been murdeifed and robbed
by Mexican officers on the high seas, without any
attempt to bring the guilty to justice.
In presenting to Congress these causes of com-
plaint against Mexico "in 1837, General Jackson
stated that they "would justify, in the eyes of all
nations, immediate war." This sentiment was
responded to by the Committees on Foreign Rela-
tions, both in the -Senate and in the House of
Representatives; the former of whom looked to a
presentation of the subject at the next session of
Congress, and could not doubt, but that such meas-
ures would be immediately adopted, as might be
necessary to vindicate the honor of the country,
and insure ample reparation to our injured citizens.
And the latter said they "fully concur with the
' President, that ample cause exists for taking re-
' dress into our own hands, and believe, that we
'shall be justified in the opinion of other nations,
' for taking such a step." President Van Buren,
in December, 1837, in his message to Congress,
said that "though our causes of complaint, and
' some of the most offensive character, admitted of
' an immediate and satisfactory reply, yet it was
' only within a few days that any answer had been
' received, and that no satisfaction had been given
' or offered for one of our public complaints, and
' that only one case of personal wrong had been
' favorably considered, and that but four cases,
' out of all, had been decided by the Mexican
'Government." President Van Buren distinctly
told Congress, that redress was beyond the reach
of the Executive, and could only be obtained by
the action of Congress, which action must, of
course, have been war.
As to the conventions, which have since been
made by the two countries, and violated by Mexi-
co, I need not enter into their history: they are
fresh in the recollection of all. These three con-
ventions, by the infidelity of the Mexican Govern-
ment, have proved nearly fruitless; and after thirty
years of injury on the one side, and of remon-
strance on the other, there is nothing left for us,
but to abandon all hope of redress, or to obtain it
by a vigorous prosecution of the war. Is there
another government on the face of the earth which
would have been thus patient, not to say humble,
during the long progress of such aggressions?
And it is now too late to tell us, that we have
hastily and unnecessarily commenced war, when
the war was commenced by the enemy, and when,
if we had struck the first stroke, we should have
been justified in the eyes of the world, and of pos-
terity. But it may be said, and it has been said,
that although sufficient causes of war existed on
our part, still it was not these causes, which
provoked immediate hostilities. This view, if
true, has relation to the expediency, and not to the
justice of the war. But what aie the general facts,
upon which a just conclusion can be formed?
After the convention of Texas had decided, that
that republic, would annex herself to the United
States, agreeably to the terms held out in the act
of Congress, but before its consummation by a
vote of the Texan people, we were under a strong
moral obligation to protect her from any foreign
invasion, and more particularly from any invasion,
to which she might be exposed by the manifesta-
tions of her intentions to attach herself to the
United States. I shall not argue this point. No
illustration can make it stronger. As soon, there-
fore, as the incipient steps had been taken, our
troops entered Texas, by the invitation of the
proper authorities, and on the 15th day of August,
1845, they had taken a position at Corpus Christi,
west of the Nueces, and remained there till the 17th
