1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ma
ers of the earth. What would England or France
liave done, under similar circumstances? We
have seen what they did in other cases,, and we
know what they would have dorje in this. A rea-
sonable forecast would have given them a right to
take the "initiative." Whether they would do
that, or only make preparations to repel the threat-
ened attack, by collecting their land and sea forces,
and by placing these in the best positions for im-
mediate service, upon the maritime and inland
frontiers of their opponent, would have been a
mere question of prudential calculation, depending
on the peculiar circumstances of the case. To do
cither would have been their unquestioned right,
and one or the other they would have done, as all
their history tells us. Well, sir, we made these
preparations, and took these positions, as every
dictate of honor and prudence required us to do.
Mexico said she would attack us, if a certain con-
tingency happened. That contingency did happen,
and she attacked us. We took"the defensive, and
she the "initiative." Let us not then be told, sir,
that the passage of the Nueces brought on this
war. Its proximate cause was annexation, pro-
claimed before and since by Mexico to us, and to
the world. Had we no shadow of title to the
country extending to the Rio Grande, the move-
ment of our forces to that river would have been
justified by the sternest dictates of self-defence.
"The attack being inevitable, it was for us to choose,
where to receive it—either within our own frontier,
or within that of our opponent. Such is the law
of nations, and such the practice of nations.
But, sir, passing from the causes to the conduct
of the war, another broad field of controversy has
been opened to us. We are attacked along our
whole line. The reasons, the measures, the mo-
tives, the objects of the Administration are equally
called into question. I do not flatter myself, that
any views I can present, will influence the final
judgment, which the Senate and the country must
pronounce on this great controversy; still, I have
formed an opinion for myself, and desire briefly to
state the considerations, on which it is founded.
In order justly to appreciate the probable results
of this war, it is necessary to look back upon the
condition of the country, at its commencement.
What was that commencement? A sudden attack
precipitated a Mexican army upon a detachment
of American troops. Twice were the assailants
repulsed, and twice was the honor of our arms
maintained, and two brilliant victories were gained
tinder circumstances, which no American can recall,
without emotions of pride and patriotism. We had
made but inadequate preparations for such an ag-
gression. Its sccne was almost two thousand
miles from the seat of government. Our whole
army, of which only a portion was on that fron-
tier, did not exceed seven thousand men, scattered ,
along the coast and interior boundary of this vast i
republic. And what spectacle was exhibited when ;
the news of this aggression broke upon the public ,
ear ? The citizens of Greece and Rome, m the 1
brightest days of those republics, never brought to
the altar of their country better or prouder sacrifices.
There was one universal burst of patriotic devotion.
More than three hundred thousand men enrolled
themselves, and asked to be permitted to march to
the battle-field, and, if necessary, to die for their
country. I have seen the conscription in Europe,
by which armies are kept up, and freedom is kept
down; and I have attended the drawing, to ascer-
tain the circumstances accompanying it. And a
melancholy exhibition it is of power on one side,
and of repugnance on the other. The young men
are collected at the place assigned for this lottery
of life. Their numbers are drawn ill succession,
and they await the result with almost fearful anx-
iety ; as a great calamity is always awaited by those
on whom it may fall, and who are yet ignorant
■where it will strike, and where it will spare. And
the exultation of those, who escape, and the de-
pression of those, who do not, are strikingly dis-
played, not only by the parties themselves, but by
their immediate connexions, who accompany them,
and await the result with an apprehension, scarcely
inferior to their own.
But here, sir, there was none of the machinery,
by which unwilling citizens are made conscripts,
and conscripts are made unwilling soldiers. As 1
remarked on a former occasion, at the first tap of
the drum, at the first sound of the bugle, the coun-
try rose in arms—the artisan left his tools where
lie had used them—the farmer his plough in the
furrow—the employments of life were abandoned
—and a spectacle passed before our eyes, unseen
in modern times. It has been computed, that al-
most half a million of men appealed to their Gov-
ernment for the privilege of participating in the
vindication of its honor, and in the defence of their
country.
Should this war terminate to-morrow without
indemnity, either pecuniary or territorial—and I
trust it will not—I should still consider its results
richly worth all they have cost. I regret the ex-
penditure of money it has occasioned, and I deplore
the loss of life—of much precious life—which has
been so freely poured out in its prosecution. But
that treasure has been well spent, and that life
nobly sacrificed. We were not truly known to the
nations of the world. Our industry, indeed, our
enterprise, our spirit of maritime adventure, had
proclaimed themselves in the most distant regions,
wherever the seas were whitened by our canvass,
or ploughed by our keels—and that wherever was
everywhere. But we had been at peace for a con-
siderable portion of a century; our deeds of nuli- j
tary prowess had been forgotten; our capacity, ]
either to defend ourselves or to asseit our rights 1
and honor by arms, was almost unknown^ and !
where regarded at all, was regarded as feeble in |
itself, and as feebly exerted. But this delusion j
has passed away; it has been dispelled by the three 1
victories, gamed over vastly superior numbeis, and !
accompanied with circumstances of gallantly and J
military skill, which will ever make them memora-
ble at home, and acknowledged proofs of American
prowess abroad. Wcaie redeemed. Wetakeour
station among the nations of the earth, willing to
do right, and able to command it. Henceforth,
during this generation, at least, wherever our ban-
ner is borne, by land or by sea, it will be pointed
to, as the national emblem of a people, who have
done those deeds, which give character now, and
security hereafter.
But, sir, to return to the condition of our troops
at the commencement of the war. The force, from
the circumstances 1 have stated, was collected in
the shortest possible time, and put hastily in march
for the scene of operations. Far the greatest, por-
tion of this force was undisciplined, and with-
out military experience. Brave, indeed, as ever
marched to a battle-field, but without any practical
knowledge of a military life, so essential to form
an efficient soldier. And in all our investigations
into the conduct and history of this war, thcie is
one important consideration we must keep steadily
in view: our military establishment, from the
very nature of our position and institutions, is the
most expensive in the world. Human life is worth
more here, than in Europe. Men live more com-
fortably, and are better provided for. Their pres-
ent is richer in performance, and their future in
promise. A French soldier receives one sous, not ;
equal to one cent, a day. I do not speak with ab-
solute certainty, for I have not had time to refresh
my recollection by looking into the details of this
subject. It may be that one centime a day—the
tenth part of a cent—has come to increase this com-
pensation. For that proposition ceitainly occupied
the attention of the French Chambers a few years
since. What do you think, Mr. President, of
i $3 65, as the annual pay of a French soldier,
! amounting to $29 30 for eight years' service, in J
' the best part of his life? for that is the term during 1
which every French soldier is compelled to serve. j
What do you think of a quarter of a pound of lean
beef, and from a pound to a pound and a half of j
brown—almost black—bi cad, for the daily subsist- !
ence of men, called by the heaviest penalties to j
maintain the honor of their country abroad, and
s the power of their Government at home.As with |
I the pay, so is it with the subsistence. I do not ]
i undertake to speak with absolute precision; but I j
1 know I am not far wrong. I am quite near enough I
' for the object I have in view, that of showing the ;
difference between the condition of a French and I
of an American soldier, and the difference of ex-
pense, which that brings with it. The army of
France is a gi eat political engine, connected with
the internal, as well as with the external affairs of i
the country. It was a subject, that could not fail
tu attract my attention while there. It is admirably i
! composed and admirably administered, for the pur- |
poses of the Government. The_ soldiers are active, 1
brave, with a true military bearing, and with a pas- j
sionate devotion to the glory of France. 1 found
their subsistence, and all their supplies, upon the I
lo.west possible scale of economy, consistent with
the preservation of their health and strength, I
found, too, that when first called into military life*
the provisions dealt out to them were inadequate
to their comfortable support. And it was only
when they had acquired the habits of their new
occupation, and had learned how best to manage
their provisions, and to content themselves with
meagre soup and dry bread, they were able to ac-
commodate themselves to their new position.
As to us, we are not fit to be a nation of soldiers.
We have much better things to do. And the re-
sources of an empire would break down under the
expenses, which a large and a long-continued mil-
itary establishment would necessarily entail upon
us. Whatever may be the extent of our army—
and we all agree that in time of peace it should be
small—and whether large or small, it must be filled
by volunteer engagements. And public opinion
will require, and rightly require, that the men
composing it should be adequately paid, properly
clothed, and comfortably maintained.
It must also be. recollected, that the means of
transportation, one of the limbs of an army, had
to be suddenly collected within the United States,
and carried to the theatre of operations. These
means were necessarily large, and could only be
brought together atgieat expense and labor, and
with much loss of time. Recollect, also, sir, that the
organization of your Quartermaster's Department
was not made for the present state of things. It
was not at all adequate to the discharge of a mass
of new duties, suddenly thrown upon it. I know
the head of that department well. A more gallant
soldier, a more faithful officer, a more vigilant ad-
ministrator, our seivice does not number upon the
military Register. And I believe the assistants -
under him deserve commendation for their zeal,
capacity, and industry. But new agents, without
experience, had to be selected, and it were vain to
expect purchases would be as judiciously and
economically made, and property as well preserv
cd, applied, and accounted for, in this new exi-
gency, as in the ordinary lout'me of service.
Besides, sir, there 13 one. very obvious consid-
eration we must keep m view, in looking at our
expenditures. It applies to no party, hut belongs
to all, for its cause is to be sought in our institu-
tions. The accumulation of supplies for our mili-
tary operations is greater, and always has been
greater, than in any other army in the world. The
responsibility of those, who direct them is so heavy
and immediate, from the ever-vigilant supervision
of public opinion, that it is felt in all their arrange.-
ments. Fearing to do too little, they come to do
too much, and thence loss in purchases and ulti-
mate waste in application. It was something like
this which aided to swell the expense of two
small Indian wars and one quasi war to thirtymil-
lions of dollars. And we have an illustration of
its operation in an able letter of the 5th of Decem-
ber last, to the Secretary of War, from General
Jesup, who, in defending his department from the
charge of General Taylor, that his means of trans-
portation were insufficient and not in time, while
speaking of the boats ordered, says that "thenum-
' bcr required by the General was, I believe, nearly
'quadrupled ultimately hy the officers of the de-
' pnitment." And .again: " It was known that he
' (General Taylor) had a wagon train amply suffi-
' cioiit for double the force he commanded, before
' the arrival of the volunteers;1' that is to say, for
the force he was expected to operate with when
the supply was furnished. Why this piling of
Pelion upon Ossa? Why this doubling and quad-
rupl ng of materials? It seems to be one of the
taxes we cannot cscape, and therefore we must
submit to it with the best grace we may; though
it is to he remarked, that no injury happened to
the public service in this case, for the excess, if not
wanted when procured, was finally found useful
and actually insufficient.
| But, sir, there were other difficulties beyond
! these, which presented themselves to the Govern-
I mem. We were comparatively ignorant of the
! true state of the country we were about to _ enter.
| We had almost no knowledge of its intenor, its
' roads, its passes, its natural or artificial supplies of
water, its means of transportation and subsistence,
the condition of its fortresses, and of many other
important facts, topographical and statistical, con-
nected with the movements of an invading army.
Where we should first strike, and how we should
do it, were difficult and delicate subjects of inquiry.
