1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CASS. All the difficulties could readily be
removed. He supposed there was no honorable
Senator on his side of the Chamber that would not
be willing to take the resolution of the last session
word for word.
Mr. PEARCE said the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Berrien] had undertaken a task which, per- :
haps, should properly have fallen on himself. He
then proceeded to recapitulate the proceedings of
the last session, which have heretofore been quo-
ted in the course of this debate, and reminded the
Senate of the conflicting proposition respecting the
purchase of California. He then proceeded to con-
tend that this bill was of an entirely different char-
acter from the proposition of the last session. He
referred to the remarks of the Senator from Arkan-
sas, that it was intended to'compel Mexico to pay
us the expense of the war, and inasmuch as she
had no money, to cause her to pay in land, the ex-
tent of which would be regulated by the duration
of the war; but here was a proposition, and it was
so understood by his collcaguc, to appropriate mon-
ey, to be paid to Mexican leaders, to procure the
submission of the Mexican soldiers; and hence the
propositions were of an entirely different character,
and his colleague was not liable to the imputation
of inconsistency.
Mr. S&VIERjustified the proposition. It was
not novel in this Government. A similar appro-
priation was made when this country acquired
Louisiana. It was not intended to appropriate
this money for the purposes which some gentle-
men had imagined. The object contemplated was,
to obtain from Mexico payment of the claims of
our citizens, and indemnity for the expense of this
war; and in effecting a treaty for that purpose, it
might be necessary to pay to the treaty-making
power in Mexico a sum of money to pay off the
army. Our indemnity must be taken in land, but
it would be necessary to pay off the Mexican army
before a treaty could be concluded; and this money
was therefore to be paid to the Mexican treaty-
making power, and not to individuals, as gentle-
men had imagined. What foundation was there,
then, for the imputation of bribery, which they
had had in speech after speech ? The distinction
which the gentleman from Georgia had drawn be-
tween the propositions of last year and the pres-
ent was a mere quibble. The object contemplated
was, to acquire territory in payment of the claims
of our citizens and the expenses of the war. It
was to acquire California and part of New Mexi-
co, which lies on the Rio Grande. Every one of
them knew it had been discussed in secret session,
from which the injunction of secrecy had been re-
moved. The proposition of the last session was
reported unanimously by the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. EVANS replied that the preamble had been
somewhat altered. He was understood to say
that he drafted the bill himself, but that an altera-
tion had been made in the preamble in committee.
But still he looked upon the bill as a very difteient
bill.
Mr. SEVIER looked upon the two bills as sub-
stantially the same. He did not suppose that a
dollar would be parted with until the treaty was
completed.
Mr. BERRIEN called the attention of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas to the word " quibble" which
he had used in reference to the remarks which Mr.
B. had made on these two propositions.
Mr. SEVIER said he did not mean to use the
word in any offensive sense.. He had meant to
contend that the two propositions were substan-
tially the same.
Mr. BERRIEN said there certainly could be no
objection to the Senator's endeavoring to maintain
that these two propositions were substantially the
same; and he rejoiced that that Senator's sense of
propriety had induced him to change the term he
had used.
Mr. SEVIER said he supposed by that he had
escaped a lecture from the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BERRIEN then .proceeded to show how he
had understood the propositions of the last and of
the present session. He had looked upon the
proposition of the last session as one to provide
means to settle the boundary between Texas and
Mexico by obtaining from Mexico a part of that
territory which was claimed by the State of Texas
as belonging to her, but which was denied by
Mexico. He had supposed it was to procure the
acquisition ,of the territory between the Neuces
and the Rio Grande to its source, for which he
supposed Mexico would require some compensa-
tion, and for which he was willing to pay. But
if he were required to say how this sum of three
millions was to be appropriated, he would say that
it was entirely beyond his imagination.
Mr. COR WIN moved that this subject be pass-
ed over, that the army bill might be taken up.
The motion was agreed to
THE TEK REGIMENT £ILL.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the bill of the House to raise for a lim-
ited tune an additional military force and for other
purposes, made the following report:
In the Senate of the United States,
February 10, 1847.
The farther Committee of Conference on the part of the
Senate oil the disagreeing votes of the two Houses oil the
bill entitled <c An act to raise, for a limited time, an addi-
tional military force, and for other purposes,report-—
That they have met the conferees on the part ol the House
of Representatives, and after full and free discussion and
contcr< nop cm the subifct of the disagreeing votes, hnve
asjieed to recommend, and do recommend, to the respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment proposed to
the first section of the bill, s-tiiknig out the lirst section-of
the bill after the word " war" in the 15th line, and agree that
said section htand as ougiiiaHy passed by the House, with
an amendment striking out of the tfith and 17fh hues the
words <( in the recess of the Senate,'' and inserting in the
said 17th line, after the woids "United States,"" the word
"alone;" al?o, alter the word "act," in the 18th hue, in-
sert the words " below the grade of field officers;" and also ,
strike out the residue of said section, after the word "ses-
sion" in the 19th line. *3. DJCK1NPON,
JOHN M. NILES,
Conferees on the pari of the Senate.
A. C. NIVJ3N,
J. J. MeK \Y,
S. F. VINTON,
Conferees on the part of the House.
Mr. DICKINSON said, the report gave the
President the power, in the recess of the Senate, to
appoint the officers below the grade of field officers.
Mr. HUNTINGTON" hoped the Senate would
not agree to this report, as it did not agree to the
other. Day before yesterday, after a full discus-
sion of this question, the Senate, by a decided ma-
jority, disagreed with the House ot R.epresentaUves .
in relation to this proposition, and insisted, by its
vote, that it should be erased from the bill; but
while the bill was yet here, and before it could be
sent to the other House, upon a mere report ot a
committee of conference, the House acted; arid this
they should not have done according to parlia-
mentary usage. Neither the bill nor its amend-
ments were in the possession of the House. They
were here, and it was for the House to wait the
action of the Senate accepting or rejecting the re-
port. They, however, had action; and the next
morning the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr Butler! suggested to the Senate that
there was some difference of opinion as to the par-
liamentary usage, and though the House might not
have acted in strict accordance with the usage, it
was better that the difference should be settled
amicably by another committee of conference. No
one dissented, and another committee of center-
enec was appointed. And what was their reP°.1"'- ,
That the provision should be erased from the bill. i
That the Senate should act m conjunction with the
President in the appointments? No. It proposed
to take away from the Senate the power to act m
relation to the company as well as the field officers.
Now, he was opposed to this? The proposition
which the Senate had rejected, required the Presi-
dent to send in his nominations to the next ses-
sion; but now it was proposed to take that away
entirely. Now, it was proposed to let the Presi-
dent appoint all the company officers alone.
He did not intend to discuss this question, tie
had heretofore made all the remarks upon it that
' he desired; but he did wish to understand what |
' circumstances there were that required the benate I
to recede from the position it had assumed by so j;
large a majority. Let the President nominate to jj
the Senate as heretofore. Let the Senate act upon i,
those nominations, both of company as well as u
field officers. Was there not time enough for the ;
President of the United States to execute this au- ;
thoritv' We have three weeks of the session un- i ,
exmred; why, then, could not the President make !|
his nominations now as well as at any other time, ii
If he should nominate and the benate should con- ;i
firm the nominations, if he afterwards found he J
had made injudicious nominations he was under ;j
no obligation to appoint. There was, therefore, 110 | j
danger of a premature appointment. But again: "
even if he did commission them, according to t|te
theory of late years, he'could remove tfyeni'after
appointment; there was, therefore, no necessity ftr
the grant of this power to appoint during the re-
cess-independently of the Senate, in whose hSn.ds
he would lceep a control overall the appointments,
so far as the public interests required it; and Ae
thought it was so ill this case. . .
He had another objection, and he made it irre-
spective of any individual who might he hi the
Presidency. It was, that the .larger the djscrejjon-
ary power they placed in the hands of an execu-
tive officer to make appointments, the more open
it was to be improperly influenced, because tims
might be essential to those who wished to practise
frauds and impositions on the appointing power.
That was an inevitable tendency of an extended
authority; it was, therefore, best that it should b(J
used in short and limited periods. •
If these troops were to be raised and officered,
did they not want them now ? Did not the Presi-
dent tell us he wants them now ? Of the volunteer#
now in service, the terms of many would expu.e
in June, and these troops are wanted
places; so that it was necessary that both fieldana
company ofliccrs should go to work and nil up
, their companies at once. .
! He felt that the Senate, having decided this qu$s-
1 tion, he supposed definitely, had intende/I that the
President alone should not execute this authority^
but that it should be executed by and with ^ ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; he therefore
not expected a report of this kind.
He should not now go into a discussion of the
question raised yesterday, whether these were "in-
ferior officers." In either case there was the s?me
constitutional difficulty. If power were given, it
must be given to the President alone. But he trust-
ed Senators would not yield their constitutional
rights in such cases, except in cases of great neces-
sity. He hoped, therefore, that the Senate would
refuse to concur. ,
Mr. DICKINSON pointed out, m reply to the
Senator from Connecticut, an important change ltt
the character of this amendment, and one which
obviated the objections ot many Senators. It was
not now accessary to nominate at the next sesr
sion.
Mr. BUTLER explained, that he had been in-
duced to suggest another committee of conference,
in consequence of an understanding which lie had
obtained in conversation with Senators, that it
another committee were appointed, the bill might
come back with the proviso stricken out. He acted,
on this understanding, being anxious, if possible,
to save the bill. ,
Mr. CASS concurred m the explanation ot tft.e
Senator from South Carolina. He, also, had un-
derstood that it was expected that the bill could
pass without the proviso.
Mr. DICKINSON said the committee of confer-
ence had met and fully discussed all matters in dif-
ference, and had come to the conclusion stated m
this report. The committee was charged with this
matter under extraordinary difficulties, and after
comparing notes, they did what they deemed best.
But he understood the Senator from Connecticut
to object that these were not " inferior officers,
within the meaning of the Constitution.
Mr. HUNTING-TON said he had not said so;
on the contrary, he had said he would not argue
the constitutional question. .
Mr. DICKINSON. Then the Senator waived
it, and threw himself on the inexpediency of giving
that power, believing that the President could ill
three weeks make all necessary appointments. For
himself, he did not believe that in three weeks a
sufficient opportunity was afforded to the President
to take up this large number of appointments, ana
make them from among the applicants, without
knowing who the men were that were to be se-
16 But one word as to the constitutional question,
■which had been raised. If these were
officers," they had the right to devolve the appoint-
ments on the President. And. what were they if
not " inferior?" Certainly they were not supe-
rior officers, for they included officers of the low-
est o-rade By a publication of authorities, hfe
found that this power had heretofore been deemed
consistent with the Constitution. There were
some sixteen laws from the year 1/98, which re-
cognised substantially this position which Jjad
been here contended for. He saw no reason either
