876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
to trample on the Constitution, or-to lose this bill
by yielding to mere speculations. He hoped the
report would receive the sanction of the Senate,
and that a conclusion would be arrived at which
he held to be as just as it would be satisfactory.
Mr. DAYTON said he was not in the habit of
supporting propositions that came from the other
side of this Chamber, and yet this was a proposi-
tion which he was disposed to support. For one
he was glad .that the committee of conference had
arrived at that conclusion, and he trusted the Sen-
ate would sustain the committee's report.
There was, unquestionably, as the matter origi-
nally stood, a constitutional difficulty. Whether
that difficulty, in its practical effect, was great or
small, it was there, and it met gentlemen as a con-
stitutional fact, if he might use the expression—a
fact which they could not overcome—a fact forbid- i
ding any concurrent action which went antago- j
nistic to it. He did not believe, as this bill ongi- j
nally stood, that they had the constitutional power \
to vest this authority in the President. But this
report came to them clear of the constitutional
difficulty. They I'ecognised the company officers
as " inferior" officers, or he, at least, so recognised
them*, and if any of his friends did not think so,
he had the misfortune to differ from them.  He
held, that under the constitutional provision they
had the right and the power to vest in the Presi-
dent alone the appointment of the company officers
—not to vest the appointments in him to be sub-
mitted to the Senate at a future day, but absolute-
ly. Whether they had or had not this power,
there were precedents of past times of iis exorcise,
though he admitted that a bad precedent would not
prescribe the course he should put sue. Ho be-
lieved they had the power to give thus authority 10 j
the President, nnd therefore he concurred in the j
report of the committee of conference. i
For one, he felt relieved from all constitutional j
difficulty. It now became a simple question of
expediency; and he submitted to Senators on both
sides of the Chamber, if it was a question of that
moment and that importance as would justify them
in hazarding the defeat of so important a measure.
He cared not if it was important to his side or to
the other. To his own friends he would say, it j
was refining too much to say that to keep the
power of confirmation in the Senate they would
hazard the loss of this bill. The object to be at-
tained was not worth Ihe hazard by which it was :
proposed to attain it. And to whatdid it amount? !
Suppose they retained (he supei viwory power over
the action of the President in the. appointment of i
lieutenants and chaplains, and nil compmiy oifi- I
core, was it Jikely lhat they should sit long in judg-
ment upon the character of the persons nominated > ,
Did their past history warrant such n belief? If i
they were to judge of the future by the past, they
might conclude that they should rely on the action :
of the President, holding him responsible for his |
appointments. He did not say it was not right !
that they should sometimes exercise thj<; power; I
but here was a difficulty in (lie appointment of
these minor officers of these ten regiments. The
President could not exercise a discreet judgment
during the residue of this session; and if he made
the appointments durmg the recess, what profit
would result from the submission of the nomina-
tions at the next session ? Why, these men would
he at the head of their companies; it was therefore
a barren power as the matter stood, and the ques-
tion was, whether they would defeat the passage
of this bill for the purpose of holding on to this
barren power5 For one, he was not disposed to
do it. He was disposed to concur m the leport of
the committee; and most happy he should be if, by
its adoption, they could relieve themselves from
the difficulty in which they were involved.
Mr. BREESE, by a reference to the statute book,
showed that bills with provisions precisely similar
had heretofore been passed by Congress. He
quoted an act passed in ]813, at a time when the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] was
a member of the House of .Representatives, and in
which he presumed, judging from the active part
which that honorable gentleman took in the affairs
of that period, that Senator concurred.
Mr. B. also read extracts to the same effect from
acts passed in the years 179^-9, and J812-J3, to
show that at that day the right to do this was not
questioned.
Mr. CALHOUN replied that the act of 1813, to
which the Senator from Illinois had referred, did
not absolutely raise the regiments, but gave a dis-
cretionary power to the President to raise not
exceeding twenty regiments. It was therefore
impossible to appoint officers until the offices were
created.
Again, in reference to the allusion to him by the
Senator from Illinois, he observed that he was the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
during that session, and it would certainly be ex-
traordinary if he should be held amenable for every
act then passed. On the passage of the act in
question there was no division, and therefore he
might have voted against it. He was surprised
that the Senator from Illinois should be so anxious
to fix inconsistency on him, for which there was
not the slightest shadow. His opinions remained
unchanged, that if these appointments were to be
vested in the President, they must be vested as
now recommended by the committee of confer-
ence—in him alone, if they were inferior officers.
On this point,'however, he could not agree with
other honorable Senators.
In relation to the precedents quoted by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, he said there had been doubtless,
in the course of fifty years, much loose legisla-
tion, and yet the gentleman could not bring more
than four or five cases to sustain his position. He
retained the opinion that " inferior officers" were
those connected with the departments. Were it
otherwise, they might depute to the heads of de-
partments or to courts of justice the appointments
of brigadier generals; but the framers of the Con-
stitution never intended any such incongruous or
absurd exercise of power.
He would not consume further time than to
say, that his constitutional opinions lemained un-
changed; and, retaining such opinions, he must
vote against the report.
Mr. HUNTINGTON' rose to make a brief reply
to the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton.]
That Senator had attempted to show that if this
bill was lost the responsibility would be thrown
on the Senate. Now, he did not agree with that
Senator. If it were lost it might fairly be attrib-
uted to the premature action of the House of Rep-
resentatives, m which action was taken without
having possession of the bill and amendments.
Mr. DICKINSON rose to explain that the pa-
pers belonged to the House of Representatives, and
that they came from that House to the committee.
Mr. HUNTING-TON. But they have not the
bill.
Mr. DICKINSON. They have the bill.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. I shall not stay to bandy
words about it.
Mr. DICKINSON. I call the Senator to older.
When I use to make an explanation, he calls it
" bandying words.'' [Laughter.]
Mr. HUNTINGTON. I do when the Senator
contradicts me. 1 
Mr. DICKINSON. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. I hope the Senator will
put his point of order m writing.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will, unless the Senator
will retract.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. I shall not retract, and
I will wait whde the Senator puts it in writing.
Mr. BADGER said, in order to give time to put
this point of order m writing, as it was a matter
of great importance, and one which required great
accuracy, he would move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. DICKINSON said he was not disposed to
delay the passage of this bill, and, to avoid the
possibility of doing so, he would withdraw his
point of order.
Mr. HUNTINGTON then continued, and re-
peated his objections to the proceedings of the
House of Representatives. The bill had been here
since the appointment of the committee of confer-
ence, and no action could be taken in either House
without it. When action was had it was endoised
and transmitted to the other House with the vote
rendered thereon. Where was the bill when the
first committee was appointed ? Was it not in the
Senate? The Senate had acted upon it. The
Senate proposed a committee of conference. It
was sent fo the House, and they concurred in the
appointment of a committee, and sent the bill back
with that action upon it. How did the Senate
know what the House had done with the proposi-
tion for a second committee? Why, their Clerk
came here with the bill showing the action of that
body. This was not done by message to say that
they had done so and so; but the bill was brought
back with the action of the House upon it; and this
was the case from the fust to the last.
He repeated, therefore, that if the bill was lost
the responsibility was with the House, and no$
with the Senate. If the House had waited for the
action of the Senate non constat, a different result
might have been arrived at.
He was one who believed that the power to be
given by this bill was a highly dangerous and in-"
expedient power. But on this point he had here-
tofore said what he desired to say.
Mr. NILES said he was one of the members
of the committee of conference, and he had con-
curred in this report. He was also one of the
majority of the Senate that refused to concur in
the House amendment on a previous occasion. He
did not vote for that amendment, because his con-
stitutional difficulties were such as to prevent his
doing so. They were creating certain offices, and
they were creating them during the session of Con-
gress; and therefore the general principle required
that the nominations should be made to the Senate
durmg that session. The mode proposed by the
proviso to give the President the power to appoint
and to nominate at the next session, was a mode
unknown to the Constitution; and hence arose his
difficulty and the difficulty of other Senators.
His colleague, however, now thought they weie
yielding too much; he seemed to thmk that the
committee was appointed to compel the House to
give way. Now, the committee did all they could,
i and they were compelled to compromise. They
I had, therefore, put it in a form in which he and
I other Senators could vote for it. The only diffi-
j culty now was, whether company officers could
I be considered as such " inferior" officers as could
| be appointed by the President alone. The Sena-
i tor from South Carolina thought they were not;
| but he was unable to agree with that Senator. In
! whom had the Constitution vested the power to
! decide what aie inferior officers? Was it in Con-
| gross? If it was, they had a right to decide that
| question now, and, having decided that these com-
j pany officers were inferior officers, to vest their
! appointment in the President. Now, let us turn
| to the Constitution, and see where this power is
i vested:
j tc But The Congress mav, by law, vest the appointment of
i such inferior officers «s thex/ 'thmk proper in the Picsident
j alone, in the couity of law, ot in the heads of departments."
i Here, in the express language of the Constitu-
j tion, power was given to Congress to judge what
appointments might be safely left to the President.
! He thought language could not be clearer nor
; stronger that this was a question which it was for
i Congress to determine. And was it not safe there?
| Mr. DICKINSON recapitulated the action of
j the two Houses, to show that the House of Repre-
: sentatives was not obnoxious to the censure of the
[ Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Huntington.]
Mr. COLQ.UITT briefly advocated the adoption
of the report. On an examination of the constitu-
tional questions involved, he found no difficulty in
his mind.
Mr. SIMMONS said he should vote for the re-
port. He agreed with the Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Huntington] and other Senators in the
general propriety of retaining, so far as they could
without injury to the public service, the appointing
power in those bodies in which it should be placed—
the President and the Senate. But these, as infe-
rior officers, might be vested in the President, as
now proposed, especially as a withholding of the
power from the Executive might be detrimental to
the public service. They were informed that the
President intended to accept the services of com-
panies organized. He had had applications from
i Ilia own State 011 the subject, and he had applied
at the department to know how many companies
would be accepted, and the companies were now
being formed in consequence of the information he
obtained. He doubted not there would be great
diligence used in appointing officers (luring the
present session; but what was to be done when
Congress adjourned if this power was not given to
the President? [A voice: "Call the Senate to-
gether."] The operations of the army would be
suspended.
Mr. BREESE had no design to charge -incon-
sistency on the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] when he referred to the acts of 1812 and
1813. He, however, thought that the argument of
the Senator from South Carolina, based on the
