380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\
Feb. 10,
momshes me I could not live long to enjoy it, even
were it attainable. The task, the luxury, of being
an honest man, however, thank God, is left me!
•I have spoken the sentiments of one: mistaken,
they may be; conscientious, they are.
"There are no traitors in the South>" says the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt.] I
ao not see him in his seat. 44 No traitors in the
SouthAlas, alas! that there should be any in
the North! "No traitors in the South !" Thegen-
tleman, if he were present, would absolve me from
any intentional disrespect; but yet I cannot for-
bear the quotation—
" I thank thee, Jew, for teaching me that word."
"No traitors in the South!" Ah, gentlemen,
do not despise us overmuch! You have seldom
been subjected to our temptations. So seldom, and
for such brief periods, has the North held the
power of political patronage in its hands, that you
have not been compelled to look to it for Execu-
tive favors—judgeships in Oregon, foreign mis-
sions, clerkships in the departments, and places at
West Point for sons and brothers.
The human mind is frail, temptations are power-
ful \ We may weep over it, but still it remains the
melancholy fact. So long has that portion of the
Union be$n in the habit of dispensing the patron-
age of the Government, that I fear many of our
ambitious politicians have learned to look more to
the complaisance of the South than to the wishes
of their constituents.
And so apparently settled and permanent has
this state of things become, that it does not require
a very great poetical license to apply to them the
lament of the Irish poet:
'■ Unpaged aie linr son:?, till 'vv learned to betray,
UiHitaUhguir-tU'd they live it they shame riot their sires,
Ami the torch that would h<iln them tlnough dignity's way,
Must ho caught from Lhe pile where then freedom expires."
"No traitors in the South." And I am sorry,
oh, I regret it! it makes me. sick at heart that I can-
not echo that declaration in reference to the other
side of the line. I will not call gentlemen traitors
who vote contrary to what I do. I will not; it
would be unparliamentary; it might be unchari-
table and unjust; for I am always willing to make
allowance for differences of sentiment. But this I
may say, that were I to do it, I should regard my-
self as a traitor—a traitor to the true principles of
Democracy, " the greatest good to the greatest
number;" a traitor to the principle of human right
against all arbitrary exactions; a traitor to my con-
stituents, and their inborn sentiments; a traitor to
my State; a tiaitor to the section of the Union to
winch ( belong; a traitor to the best interests of
humanity; a traitor to posterity, with its number-
less millions who must inhabit the fair shores of the
Pacific, which we have acquired, and must hold.
Yes, sir; 1 should so legard myself.
But" it is not the time," gentlemen say. Oh !
no; it is never the time. In God's name, when will
it be the time ? We were told we were too late in
the Texas matter: we are disposed to take time by
the forelock, now. It is time, gentlemen. It is
time to awake public sentiment in the free States;
and it will awake. I agree with the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] when he quo-
ted from the bard of Scotland,
" Now's the day, and noa>'s the hour5'!
The gentleman did not quote the remainder of
the stanza: perhaps, because it would not suit his
purpose: doubtless so, and, perhaps, because he
did not like those ugly words, " Chains and slave-
ry. " Let me repeat the whole of it: ;
" Now's the day, and now's the hour, i
See, the front of battle lower ! j
See, approach proud Edward's power, I
Chains and slaveryj
Let me conjure my colleagues on this floor and i
gentleman from the free States, while they yield in !
good faith to the South every constitutional mht i
to raise themselves as a wall of fire against the for- i
ther extension of this " peculiar institution." Fear I
not the worn out and stale bugbear and scarecrow I
threats of a dissolution of the Union; Southern '
gentlemen could not dissolve the Union if they '
would, and would not if they could. They are such i
fears as cowards alone entertain, such as have be- I
wme.a ^ughing-stock and byoword in the North. !
We have heretofore been ruled as much by im- !
potent southern threats, as cajoled by southern I
management. There is no danger of the dissolution I
of the Union; but if there be, if there be, from such
a cause that we will not consent that the power, the I
patronage, the arms, and the blood of this nation
shall be used to propagate slavery over a free soil—
why let dissolution come. Yes, gentlemen of the
South, if for such a cause you would dissolve the
Union, dissolve it—ifyoucan.
" Farewell! a word that must be and has been—
A sound wlneh makes us lingei—yet—farewell!"
Mr. PARRISH supported the bill under consid-
eration, because he belived it, under all the attend-
ing circumstances, necessary, and because it was
one of the series of measures recommended by the
Executive in the prosecution of the war to an honor-
able peace. It was a war measure. He was opposed
to the condition attempted to be attached to the
bill known as the Wilmot proviso, and would
vote against the bill if that condition was annexed.
There was no necessity for bringing the question
of slavery and slave territory into this bill. It
was impolitic and illiberal at all times, and he had
always, in public and in private, here and elsewhere,
opposed it, and should continue fearlessly to do so.
It was an attempt to array one portion of the Union
against another: the North agan:st the South.
He would admonish gentlemen, and hoped the
West would be found true to her proper position,
uncommitted to the North or the South. And if
ever the time comes when a separation of the
Union should take place, instead of being allied or
connected in that division with either the North or
the South, the West would continue a great, a
mighty empire of herself, equal to either the north-
ern or southern portions. But there was no neces-
sity for bringing this question here, in relation to
territory to be acquired from Mexico, by the
showing of those who advocated the proviso. He
admitted that slavery was an institution of positive
enactment; that if it was not positively prohibited,
it certainly did not exist in any of the Mexican
territory; and insisted thatCongiess has the power
to disapprove or approve territorial legislation be-
fore it can be obligatory. If this be true, there is no
doubt of the well-settled principle of national law,
that territory acquired by conquest or treaty, comes
to the acquiring power with its existing laws, in-
stitutions, and rights, and so remains until changed
by legislation. Therefore, the advocates of this
proviso show that slavery cannot exist in any ter-
ritory that may be acquired of Mexico, until those
who would establish it there, come here, ask and
obtain its sanction by the action of this Govern-
ment, and needs no negative expression to prohibit
it. The proviso is unnecessary, again, because, if
inserted, it can neither control nor direct the treaty-
making power in acquiring territory, the legisla-
tion of the territory, nor the future action of Con-
gress. What are the causes that have brought this
question into the present bill, and before Congress,
and the country, at this time? They are political.
The President was popular at the commencement
of his term. His messages had been well received
by the American people. But the succession had
enlisted politicians in favor of their respective favor-
ites, and this spirit had entered Congress, dogged le-
gislation, and paralyzed every measure of the Ad-
ministration. There was also a jealousy in the
North of the southern unity and sentiment in legis-
lation, which was attributed to slavery and slave
representation. These lay deep at the root of the
present question, and if a doubt had existed before,
the member from New York, [Mr. Rathbun,] en-
dorsed by my colleague, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] had
dissipated it. They avowed their scuffle for po-
litical power and supremacy. They held up the
hideousness and criminality of slavery in the most
detestable colors that they could depict; and
then the gentleman from New York proposed, and
he was substantially endorsed by my colleague,
that if the South would throw away the slave rep-
resentation, slavery might be permitted in territory
that might be acquired. Mr. P. animadverted on
such an act, and the principle it involved, and
asked how such advocates were fit teachers to ap-
peal to the consciences of those who differed with
them, and apply epithets to those who took oppo-
site grounds ? But what would be the effects of agi-
tating this question? Disorders and discords, regard-
less of the valedictory of the Father of his Coun-
try; to render us ridiculous abroad; to strengthen
the hands of the enemy; a union of a portion of
the democracy of the free States with ancient fed-
eralism, which always opposed the extension of our
territorial limits—to our ever acquiring any addi-
tional territory; to defeat the means of the Admin-
istration, distract the Democratic party, and inflict
a lasting injury on '.the country; and to force the war
with Mexico to a sipeedy and disgraceful termina-
tion. If the question was once settled that no
slave territory should be acquired, then no terri-
tory could be acquired from Mexico. No treaty
acquiring territory could be ratified; none ever
would—none ought to be: for if the South had the
numerical strength on that floor, as the free States
had, and should force the question upon us, as it
was proposed to do on them, that no territory
should be acquired but what should be slave terri-
tory, he would resign his seat on that floor, and so
would every Representative of the free States be
compelled to do. What less would be the duty,
or what could be expected, of the southern Rep-
resentatives ? The Senate had the power to defeat
a treaty containing a provision on the subject. It
would do it. What was just on the one side was
just on the other. There was no safe ground but
the one that brought the Government into exist-
ence, administered, and maintained it—compromise
and conciliation. Mr. P. had ever maintained that
ground, and should continue to do it, and would
go for acquiring in Mexico, as he had m Oregon,
the greatest territory that could honorablV be at-
tained, and in its future regulation would be gov-
erned by the principles of the Missouri compro-
mise; and on this ground he believed a very large
majority of the American people would be found,
whenever the question was fairly presented.
Mr. WOOD then obtained the floor, and com-
menced by saying, that if noise were either elo-
quence or argument, he should, in the discussion
of this question, exhibit neither. Were he dis-
posed to use other than temperate language, he
could not, as the gentleman who had preceded him
in the debate had exhausted the whole catalogue
of criminating and abusive epithets in the English
language.
He commented upon the bill before the House,
and said that if the $3,000,000—contemplated by
taat bill—were to be used for corrupting the Mexi-
can rulers and tampering with the Mexican army,
he would never disgrace himself or his country by
voting for it. Neither would he vote for it unless
it contained the Wilmot proviso.
He contended that that proviso had not been
met by argument, but by imputation upon the mo-
tives of the mover and his colleague. It had been
objected, on the one hand, that it was to embar-
rass the Administration—that it was a political
movement—-that it was premature—and that it was
connected with Abolition. On the other hand, and
passing to the other extreme, its opponents had
undertaken to justify and defend the institution of
slavery, not only by reference to the Constitution,
but to the word of God itself. All these objec-
tions he should endeavor to meet.
He denied that any Democrat from his State had
refused to vote for a single measure which the exi-
gencies of the country required.
He denounced, in severe terms, the rottenbo-
rough system, as he called it, of executive patron-
age, and its influence upon the votes of that House.
He commented on the Missouri compromise,
and the infamy which awaited every northern man
who should be found among the dough-faces who
voted for that compromise.
He alluded to the annexation of Texas, and by
what instrumentalities and for what purposes that
annexation was made, and for what purpose it was
now sought to annex our new conquests.
He pointed out the weakening and blighting
consequences ot the institution of slavery, and why
he would never extend it over a country where it
did not now exist.
[The full speech, as prepared by Mr. W., will
appear in the Appendix.)
Mr. W. having concluded—
Mr, DOBBIN obtained the floor, and the com-
mittee rose and reported.
While the House was in committee, on motion
made and agreed to, the committee rose for the
purpose of receiving the report of the committee
of conference on the bill to raise ten additional
regiments.
The report was concurred in, and the bill awaits
only the signature of the President to become a law.
On motion of Mr. ROBERT SMITH, the bill
to aid in the construction of certain roads in the
Territory of Wisconsin, and the bill for surveying
and constructing a military road from Fort How-
ard, in the Territory of Wisconsin, to Fort Wil-
liams, in the State "of Michigan, were taken from
