the mmimmmih- globe.
Feb. 11,
from North Carolina—cases of disturbance and in-
terruption of the proceedings of this body—were
ordinarily treated in the way of an order, to be
immediately enforced by expelling such persons
as occasioned the disturbance or the interruption
of the proceedings of the Senate from the galleries
or elsewhere. -It was ordered sometimes that the
galleries should be cleared. They might just as
well say that an order to clear the galleries required
a day's notice as that a resolution relating to a mat-
ter of privilege should be required to lie over for
a day. If the name of these resolutions were
changed, it would make them, what they really
and truly were, an order to insure the respect that
was due to the Senate from those who conducted
the public press: so of all other proceedings which
the Senate might see fit to adopt touching its privi-
leges; which were not to be kept in abeyance, not
to be postponed, but which required prompt and
lively action, in order to avoid any obstruction
to the progress of business, as every moment was
supposed to be essential to the despatch of those
high functions which they were called to perform.
It appeared to him, therefore, that all the difficulty
in this case arose from having given a misnomer
to the paper which had been sent to the Chair,
though that misnomer did not change the substance
of the thing, nor did it make it such a resolution as
was contemplated by the rule of the Senate, to
which reference had been made.
Mr. SEVIER said that the remarks of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina were very correct in
themselves, but they were inapplicable to the case.
The ground taken by that Senator was, that there
was a breach of privilege. Not so. It was not a
quarrel between members of the Senate, but a case
of punishing an individual whom we assumed to
have insulted the Senate. Could any proceedings
of the Senate be referred to to show that there was
any case of punishing for such a publication as had
called for these resolutions? Whenever an editor
made an assault on a member of this body, any
member might call it a question of privilege. In
former cases of this kind, a member usually rose
and made an explanation. No one had now risen to
explain, but a resolution was offered to take away
the privilege of the floor from an editor, and to expel
- his reporters. He thought the error had been in
taking up this matter as a question of privilege.
If a member was arrested in coming to the Senate,
or if there was any fighting, the Senate had a right
to interfere. Was Unnecessary in this case to ex-
pel the offender? Did the reputation of the Senate
stand on such frail ground that we must punish
any individual who talks fieely about its proceed-
ings ? He had never seen the article in the Union,
until he was told of it by a friend yesterday. It
did not give him a moment's uneasiness. The best
punishment in these cases was to take no notice of
the matter. He regretted that a course had been
iaken which had a tendency to lower the dignity
of the Senate—that it seemed to have become ne-
cessary'for the American Senate to vindicate its
reputation by punishing one who had assailed it.
lie regretted that great parliamentary questions
should be mixed up with such a case. If we were
to punish our printer, why not punish all who had
spoken lightly or disparagingly of the body? It
might then be necessary to carry out the princi-
ple to a great extent throughout the country. And
if we were to go back far enough, he thought both
parties would find enough to balance accounts on
both sides. He regarded the Senate as too far above
reproach to make it necessary to inflict such pun-
ishment. Certain Senators had been called friends
of Mexico because they voted against an amend-
ment to the army bill, and the report went abroad
in the same paper. Were the citizens of this
country so dull as not to appreciate such remarks
when the fact itself was communicated in the same
paper? Our rules are for the regulation of our own
proceedings. This rule was established to cure an
evil, as had been stated by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. He hoped it would be sustained. As
for these publications, they never gave him pain
for a single moment.
Mr. BADGER said the sole question now was,
whether, assuming this to be a question of privi-
lege, the Chair could so construe the rules as to
require the unanimous vote of the Senatte to con-
sider it. That was the question. According to
parliamentary law, it was a privileged question;
not a question between members of the body, but
between members and one of the officers of the
body, who had-asserted'that certain Senators were
allies of Mexico, and enemies to their country;
that while engaged here in the performance of their
duty, they were, to use a fashionable phrase,
" giving aid and comfort to the enemy.3' The
question was, whether the decision of the Chair
was correct or incorrect. As to the fact itself, and
the question of punishment, these were matters to
be inquired into when the resolutions came up.
He did not decide whether the offenders should be
expelled, or whether the subject should go to a
committee; all he contended for was, the right to
consider the resolutions when submitted. He felt
perfectly indifferent to all charges of this character.
He passed them by as the idle wind. No man
could retain his equanimity for a moment if he suf-
fered his peace to be disturbed even by the most
calumnious charges.
Mr. ALLEN said that many important meas-
ures were before the Senate for its action, and the
session was rapidly approaching to a close. He
did not believe it was the desire of the Senate to
employ its time in the discussion of a question of
no practical utility here or abroad. The time had
gone by when this discussion could produce any
effect, as the resolutions were offered yesterday,
and would, as a matter of course, have come up to-
day. He concluded with moving to lay the sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. YULEE asked if the effect of the motion
would be to lay the resolutions also on the table?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. MANGUM asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Allen, and decided in the negative, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atlierton, Bagby, Breese,
Bugiit, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix,FairtieId,
Hann< gan, Hou^on, Mason, Niles, Sevier, Soul6, Speight,
Sturgeon, and Tuirn-y—"21. „ . _
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Badger, Berrien, But-
ler, Calhoun, Cillcy, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Cor-
win, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, "Evans, Greene, Huntington,
Jarnagm, Johnson of Louisiana, Manguni, MUIei, Morehead,
Pearee, Simmons, Upham, Webster, Westcott, amlYulee
—27.
The question recuiring upon the appeal—
Mr. CALHOUN rose to make a single observa-
tion. There was (he said) great impatience on the
part of the Senate to proceed with the considera-
tion of the important questions which awaited the
action of the Senate, and he hoped that no further
time would be wasted upon the matter now before
them. It was a very narrow question, amounting^
only to this: whether it was such a question of
privilege as ought to take precedence of all other
business. This, after the discussion which had
already taken place, he thought the Senate was
quite prepared to decide.
Mr. YULEE stated his own understanding of the
matter to be, that this was such a question of priv-
ilege as would override all other questions. While
up, he desired to say a single word upon another
point. He felt himself under no greater necessity
than the honorable Senator from Arkansas to seek
justification for the Senate from any assaults which
might be made in the newspapers.^ These iesolu-
tions were presented to the Senate in order to bring
to their notice the charges which had been made,
and to subject the editor of the paper containing
those chargcs to the rebuke which he merited, in
such manner as the Senate might think proper.
The question was then taken upon the appeal,
by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Arheitoii, Bag-
by, Brecse, Bright, Ca-s, Cnnlmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Hannegan, Houston, Mason, Sevier, Soute, Speight,
Sturgeon, and Turncy—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cameion. Cillcy, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton,
Corwin. Crittenden, Davi-j, Dayton, E\ ans, Greene, Hun-
tington, Jarnasm, Johnson of Louisiana, IVTaimuM, Miller,
Morehead, Niles, Pearce, Simmons,Upliam, Webster,West-
cott, and Yulee—2d.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. YULEE then moved that the further con-
sideration of the resolutions be postponed until to-
morrow.
This was objected to by several Senators.
Mr. SEVIER said he hoped the Senate would
proceed to the consideration of the special order,
as he believed his honorable friend, the Senator
from Ohio, was prepared to address the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN suggested that the Senator
from Ohio should be consulted as to whether he
desired to proceed.
Mr. CORWIN observed that he had stated
awhile ago that he was very anxious that the ques-
tion before the Senate should be then determined.
He alluded to the simple question in reference to
the decision of the Chair. He had not expected
that a discussion would necessarily ensue. He
left himself, however, entirely at- the will of the
Senate.
The motion to postpone was then agreed to, and
the special order was taken up, viz:
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill making further
appropriations to bring the existing war with
Mexico to a speedy and honorable conclusion;
Mr. CORWIN addressed the Senate at length.
[A report of his speech will be given in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. BAGBY next indicated a desire to address
the Senate, but as the hour was late,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 11, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and said, he deem-
ed it to be his duty to offer the following resolu-
tion. And Mr. 1., anticipating objection,, moved
the previous question. [The latter part of the
motion did not appear to have been heard by the
Chair.]
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that there to re a
number of Senate bills on the Speaker's mble,
which ought to be in the hands of the appropriate
committees. He hoped, therefore, that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll]
would waive his motion, so as to allow such Sen-
ate hills as would not give rise to debate, to ba
taken up and referred.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL assented, provided, he
said, that action on his resolution would not there-
by be interfered with.
Mr. COCKE inquired whether the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Hoykins] would
include all the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. All the bills.
Mr. COCKE objected to anything out of order.
Mr. HOPKINS, remarking that the result would
be to defeat action on these hills during the present
session, withdrew his application.
The resolution of Mr. C. J. Ingersoll was then
read. It provided that all debate in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, on the three
million bill, should terminate to-morrow (Friday)
at one o'clock, p. m.
Mr. DANIEL said the House would bear him
out in the assertion that he had insisted verjr little
during this session on the consideration of bills on
the private calendar.
The SPEAKER (interposing) said, that the re-
solution could not be debated.
Mr. DANIEL. I merely wish to state a fact.
I have forborne to insist upon it, in order that the
public business might be put in as great a state of
forwardness as possible. But he must insist that
some portion of time be allotted to it. He there-
fore moved to amend the resolution by substitu-
ting " Monday" for " to-morrow."
The SPEAKER said that the bill under consid-
eration (i. c. the three million bill) was a special
order, and that after that should have been dis-
posed of, there was another special order, which
must take precedence of all other business.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. BURT asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. HUNGERFORD inquired of the Speaker
whether it would be in order now to move a post-
ponement of the special order?
The SPEAKER said it would be in order.
Mr. HUNGERFORD thereupon moved that
the consideration of the special order be postponed
until Wednesday next.
Mr. P. KING asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted aa
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bwringer, Biggs, William W. Campbell,
John H. Campbell, John G. Chapman, Chipman, Ctozier,
Daniel, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellett, Faran, Garvin,
Goodyear, Grover, Harper, Hastings, Henley, Hungerford,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, George W. Jones, Kaut-
