884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11.
dom, all our patriotism, and a strict adherence to
the Constitution, it is this question of slavery; this
dangerous rock upon which wise and good men
have gloomily foreboded that our ship of State
would one day be wrecked, and the world be called
sadly to gaze upon the sundered and bleeding frag-
ments of our once glorious and happy Union.
But if we are true upon this occasion to ourselves,
true to that Constitution, the sheet-anchor of our
safety, this storm-cloud that now darkens our
political horizon, and threatens to break in its fury
and scatter desolation and dismay through our
■wide-spread republic, will pass off in harmless
silence, and leave behind it a clearer sky and a
more genial sunshine. .Sir, however exalted may
be the patriotism, however honest the motives,
however disinterested the philanthropy, of the
gentlemen who have originated this scheme, I do
not hesitate, here in my place, upon the solemn
responsibilities of a man and a Representative, to
contctid that, in my opinion, it violates that written
Constitution which we have sworn to support; that
it is pregnant with mischief to the peace and har-
mony, and, in the estimation of many wise men,
with the ultimate destruction of this Union.
Mr. Chairman,! do not propose to declaim about
this, but to discuss it. I scorn to indulge m crim-
ination and recrimination; and exciting as this topic
is, I still indulge the belief that there is good sense
enough left, that there is patriotism enough left in
this House, to enable us 'Ho reason together'1
about it, and to remember that this is not a noisy
debating society, gotten up for amusement, but the
House of Representatives of a great and proud
republic. Sir, I distinctly take the position, that
slaves a) e recognised as property wufar our Constitu-
tion; that hi that Constitution safeguards to protect
this peculiar property are expressly contained; and
that without the incorporation of these safeguards, this
glorious Union could not have been consummated.
This Federal Government exists under the Consti-
tution; it derives all its power from the Constitu-
tion; it must be administered by rules prescribed
solely by that Constitution, and possesses no pow-
ers but those "expressly delegated to it." And I
contend, sir, that any act of Congress which pro-
hibits the citizens of the southern States from car-
rying their slave property with them into territory
the common property of the United States, violates
most palpably the faith and compromises of the Consti-
tution; is unwarranted by any clause contained in
that instrument; is sectional, unequal, oppressive;
becausc while it announces to the citizens of one
section of the Union that they may go and enjoy
this territory with all their property, in the same
breath if. notifies the citizens of another section if
they go and settle there they must leave their slave
property behind them*, in which property they
nave invested millions of money under the sacred
guarantees of the Constitution.
And here I am met at the very threshold by
gentlemen, who not only deny that slaves are re-
cognised as ptoperty, but repel the charge with
eloquent indignation, as a slander upon that free
Constitution, and a hbel upon the wise and good
men who framed it. Here I take issue with them.
And they make this charge, some of them, notwith-
standing the debates of the Convention in which
the Constitution was framed, show, that of all
questions that were agitated, slavery, slavery was
the one that excited most their alarm and their
hopes. We find, as was read here yesterday,
that theie were fanatics m that convention, who
denounced slavery as a curse and a sin. They
were from the North. We find, also, that other
gentlemen, grave and wise men, vindicated slavery
as an indispensable requisite in this country, 
we find that representatives from the South, par-
ticularly from Georgia and South Carolina, sol-
emnly declared that if the attempt icere made to
infringe upon their slave property, they would not
come into this Union; and that northern men,
equally wise and patriotic, expressed their opinion,
that if slavery were rccognised in the Constitution,
the Nuith would hesitate to comc into this Union.
But, sir, wc find farther that these good and wise
men, burning with a desire to consummate this
Union, compromised their personal opinions on
the altar of patriotism. We read in this very Con-
stitution a clause which protects the slaveholder,
and enables him to recover the slave which escapes
into another State; another clause establishes the
basis of representation by which negroes are not
to be counted merely as persons, but to assume
the mixed character of persons and property —five
slaves being considered as three persons; another
clause by which a tax was authorized to be laid
upon the importation of slaves—showing a recog-
nition of them as property. And, Mr. Chairman,
what else do we find? We find that these good
and wise men not only did this, but they permitted
the Constitution to tolerate, and countenance .the
idea of our people employing their vessels, man-
ning their ships, and embarking in what is de-
nounced as "the nefarious traffic in human flesh."
We find these good and wise men tolerated the idea
of extending and increasing slavery, by expressly
providing for the importation of slaves for twenty years.
And yet gentlemen, learned in constitutional law,
acquainted with the history of the Convention,
solemnly announced their opinion that slaves are
not recognised as property in this Constitution!
And who were the men who framed this instru-
ment? Who were the men who incorporated into
it this doctrine, and recognised the institution of
slavery, so far as even to permit the importation of
slaves for twenty years? Sir, they were just
" fresh from the battle-fields of liberty," their min-
istrations were upon the holiest altars of the inner-
most sanctuary of freedom; while the degenerate
patriots of modern times are scarcely entitled " to
enter the porch of the temple."
Sir, we don't ask the privileges which our fathers
granted, of importing slaves from abroad; we do
not even ask you to receive into the Union terri-
tory with slavery now in it; but we ask you not
to interfere with the slave property we already
have, and which, in the Constitution, you have
agreed to protect. Here 1 would remark that the
name of the venerated Madison i3 invoked. He
has been called to the stand, as a witness, by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.] And
allow me to say, that my friend was a little inge-
nious in this matter, and acted the cautious tacti-
cian, for he prefaced it with quite an air of great
candor and fairness, by saying that he would not
read from Mr. Sherman, a northern authority, but
he would read from Mr. Madison. Mr. Chairman,
why did not the gentleman read from Mr. Sher-
man ? As he took the liberty of reading from Mr.
Madison, will he permit me to read from Mr. Sher-
man ? When the question was discussed m the
Convention as to the propriety of allowing a tax
to be levied upon imported slaves, Mr. Sherman
contended that if you incorporated the doctrine of
taxing slaves imported, you admitted in the Con-
stitution that they were property. Hear Mr. Sher-
man. I take the extract from the Madison Papers:
f<M . Sherman said it was better to let the southern States
impoit slaves than to part with them, if they made that a
sine qua non. lie was opposed to a tax on slaves impoited,
because it implied they were property.*1
Does not this extract explain the true reason
why the honorable gentleman declined reading
from the speeches of Mr. Sherman, a member of
the Federal Convention from Connecticut? For
if the gentleman had read Mr. Sherman, he
would have seen that he distinctly admitted in the
debates that the article of the Constitution, autho-
rizing a tax on imported slaves, to which I have al-
luded, recognised, by implication, that these slaves
were, and should be, considered as property. Sir,
the proceedings of the convention in regard to that
matter are curious, entertaining, and instructive.
They show that there was a compromise even as
to the word used. The matter was referred to a
committee of eleven; the word 44 slaves" was
stricken out, but there was inserted a tax upon
them, which was the compromise; thereby show-
ing on the face of the Constitution that they are
recognised as property.
The gentleman from New York read an extract
from what Mr. Madison said, conveying the idea
that there could not be such a thing as property in
human beings. 1 remember an expression Mr.
Madison used, and in the very speech of Mr. Mad-
ison he alluded to the distinction between slaves
and other property. Slaves not being "like mer-
chandise, consumed." Mr. Dickinson wished the 1
clause about " the migration and importation of
persons" to have the word " slaves" in it, instead
of " persons." Mr. Gouverneur Morris also de-
sired it. " Mr. Sherman liked a description better
than the term proposed, which had been declined
by the old Congress, and were not pleasing to
some people." Ths word " persons," therefore,
was used, and when the vote m the Convention
was about to be taken on the second part of the
clause about the tax or duty imposed, " Mr. Sher-
man was against this second part as acknowledging
men to be property, by taxing them as such under
the character of slaves." Then followed " Mr.
King, and Mr. Langdon considered this as the
price of the first part." General Pinckney admit-
ted that it was so. Thus showing that while one
party preferred the word " persons," the other did
not object when it was accompanied with a taxing
clause also.
But, Mr. Chairman, although honorable gen-
tleman who have lately participated in this de-
bate, have not shown sufficient respect to the
Constitution to read us anything from it which
tolerates this proposition which they make, one
honorable gentleman who participated in this de-
bate at an early period of the session, [Mr. Pet-
tit,] contended that in that clause of the Consti-
tution, which authorizes Congress to make all
" needful rules and regulations" respecting; the ter-
ritory of the United States, there is contained the
power to "regulate" slavery, and to prohibit the
importation of slaves into this territory. iNow,
Mr. Chairman, I know the impatience with which
the committee always listen to arguments m regard
to constitutional questions. I shall not, therefore,
proceed elaborately to discuss them. But, sir, can
it be supposed for one moment that it ever entered
into the conceptions of the wise men who framed
the Constitution, that those words ''needful regu-
lations would be construed to authorize the prohib-
iting us from carrying our slave property into the
Territories of the United States, when they con-
tended so strenuously, ably, and zealously, for
the doctrine of the Constitution recognising slaves
as property, and protecting them? Can th'is bo
true of the men who said the Union should not be
formed if they were not even permitted to import
slaves for twenty years? Is it possible that they
ever supposed that under these words "needful
regulations," respecting territory, slavery could
be confined within the limits where it then existed,
and that we should practically be deprived of our
property by being prohibited from carrying it into
territory won by our common patriotism, treasure,
and blood ? No, sir; it never entered into their
conceptions. Were our wise men who defended
so ably southern rights, wide awake on the subject
of their slave property, when all other clauses were
discussed, but asleep when this was inserted?
Did they not understand the meaning of language?
Is the word u needful" synonymous with the word
" expedient or judicious?" Or rather, do not lexi-
cographers define it to mean "necessary, indis-
pensably requisite?" What is meant by " regu-
lations?" Sir, the clause of the Constitution which
gives to Congress the power to "regulate com-
merce," did any one ever suppose that this gave
us a power to prohibit commerce?
But the honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Thompson,] the other day, very calmly
and dispassionately told us, if a majority of Con-
gress were of the opinion that it was "needful"
to prevent citizens from carrying their slaves into
the Territories belonging to the United States,
why, the doctrine of submission was incorporated
into the Constitution; and that we ought always
to bow to the will of the majority. I am perfectly
willing to concede the propriety of a respectful
yielding on the part of minorities; but, when gen-
tlemen place a strained and unnatural construction
upon a clause of the Constitution, the tendency of
which is to infringe upon our rights, and ulti-
mately to take away our property; and when, as
the only argument in defence of it, you reply lo
us, that the doctrine of submission is ingrafted on
the Constitution, and we must bow to it without a
question, u is rather too heavy a draught upon our
patience and philosophy.
Sir, it was said here the other day, that this is
not the " Wilmol proviso." When "the honorable
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Roberts] was
speaking, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Grover] almost interrupted him by denying it to
be the " Wilmot proviso," contending that it is
the "Jefferson proviso." The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Brinkerhof*-,] on yesterday, affirm-
ed, with a great deal of zeal and eloquence, with
an air of great triumph, that Mr. Jefferson counte-
nanced this doctrine; and the honorable gentleman
made a great flourish here with the Journals of
the Congress of 1784. Now, in reply to this, the
first remark I have to make is, that Mr. Jeffer-
son's proposition, whatever it was, was made in
