THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY B LATR&TRIVES"
29th Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1847.
New Series No. 25.
1784—prior to the adoption of the Constitution. But
it may be said the very fact that Mr. Jefferson
countenanced the doctrine of prohibiting slavery
in the Territory of the Northwest even then, show-
ed that, in his heart, he was opposed to the exten-
sion of slavery. I will remark that tins was in
1784; that, since that period, slaves have gone on
increasing-, by the natural increase, until there are
more than^ three millions; that, under the Constitu-
tion, the importation of slaves was allowed for
twenty years longer; and, if Mr. Jefferson were
alive this day, acquainted with the history of the
slaves, acquainted with the history of the South,
acquainted with the insidious design and hope ul-
timately to abolish our slave property, by confi-
ning it within narrow limits, until an exhausted
soil and a crowded population shall make it a bur-
den and tax, he would never for one moment tolerate
this " Wilmot proposition'* as a matter of policy,
and certainly he was too well versed in constitu-
tional law to countenance it as a constitutionali ighl.
That is the answer to the charge in rcfcrence to
Mr. Jefferson, and the attempt to lend the sanc-
tion of his great name to this startling: proposition
to do gross injustice to one-half of this Union, in
the name of philanthropy, but in the spirit of' mis-
guided fanaticism!
But, so far from his heart being in the thing,
one of the proudest monuments erected to his
fame—one of the chief glories of his administra-
tion—was the acquisition of Louisiana vAth slavery,
and no anti-slavery clause! So that Mr. "Jeffer-
son, after the Constitution was framed, adorned his
administration by the acquisition of slave territory,
and lived and died a slaveholder himself.
And not only are slaves recognised by the Con-
stitution as property, but they are so recognised in
the first treaty of peace, in 1783; and in our treaty
at Ghent with Great Britain, an article was incor-
porated, making an express provision to indemnify
those of our citizens who lost their slave property;
^nJ if you examine into the Journals of Congress
and the reports of committees, you will see that
bills were reported and passed, appropriating mo-
neys to those whose slaves were lost. And I under-
stand it is the fact, that Mr. Adams, the venerable
member from Massachusetts, himself introduced
that article into the treaty, and so avowed on the
floor of Congress,
But I know, Mr. Chairman, the great importance
that is attached to great names, and it is very natu-
ral that gentlemen should desire not only to throw
the mantle of Jefferson, " the great apostle of lib-
erty/'around their doctrines, but also thatofMadi-
son, "thefather of the Constitution." And f heard
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] who had
the book, say he could read from it, to show that
Mr. Madison, in the Congress of 1790, admitted
that Congress had the constitutional right to regu-
late slavery m the Territories; and ateo the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Rathbun] contended
for it as a proposition that could pot be disputed.
Now, when I heard that announced, having;, I
thought, of late formed a somewhat familiar ac-
quaintance with the opinions of Mr. Madison, I
nevertheless felt a little apprehensive that some-
thing in his writings had escaped my attention,
and that the gentleman had found Mr. Madison as.
a potential authority on their side. Sir, I took the
liberty of reading the book myself, and the speech
and page referred to by the gentleman; and, accord-
ing to my construction, the honorable gentleman
has entirely mistaken Mr. Madison's meaning.
It, was upon a petition introduced into the Con-
gress of 1790, that the question was discussed by
many gentlemen, and among others by Mr. Macli- j
son, of the constitutional power of Congress to in-
terferewith the subject of slavery, hut more partic-
ularly what is called and understood as the " slave-
trade," was the subject-matter of discussion. Well,
it is perfectly well known by gentlemen, that that
is a question totally distinct from the question of
our domestic slavery. But here is the part of the
speech of Mr. Madison alluded to by the gentle-
man from Ohio and the gentleman from New York.
The intelligent reader can place the proper con-
struction upon it, according to his own judgment.
25
Mr. Madison says:
"The petition prayed in general terms for tlie interference
of Congress, solar as they weie constitutionally authorized;
but even if its prayer was in some degree unconstitutional,
it might be committed, as was the case on Mr. Churchman's
petition, one part of which was supposed to apply for an un-
constitutional intprfeienctf by the General Government. He
admitted that Congress is restricted by the Constitution troin
taking measures to abolish the sOave-tradt; yet there area
variety of ways by which it could countenance the abolition,
and regulations might be made in relation to theintroduction
of them into the new States to be foirncd out of the Western
Territory.
Now, the Constitution, on its face, prohibits
Congress from preventing the importation of slaves
into the States of this Union, "now existing," un-
til 180S. This express provision, denying to Con-
gress the power to prevent the importation of slaves
| until 1808 into the States " now m existence,"
! would seem to indicate that the power dirf exist then
: at once to prevent importation into Territories or
[future States. The Constitution expressly, in dts-
[ tinct terms, refers to the importations into the States i
i then existing; and this, 1 think, was tiie point Mr.
| Madison wos talking about. lie referred to " the
j abolition of the slave-trade," and not the, introduc-
tion of slaves already here from one State into the
Territories. Tins, 1 think, is the fair construction 1
of Mr. Madison's speech.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not proceed further
with this argument in regard to the Constitution.
I deem it demonstrable, that the sovereignty over
the Territories, the common property of the Uni-
ted States, is in the people of the States, and that
this Government has no other power over them
but that which is expressly delegated. And the
power contended for is certainly not delegated.
And the reader of the Constitution will observe,
that the clause which gives Congress powerto
j 4 exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases what-
! * soever, over such District (not exceeding ten miles
1 ' square) as may become the seat of Government,"
! is much stronger than the clause which relates to
! other Territories belfrn^wg to the United States.
I In the first, to Congress is granted " exclusive legis-
I lation;" and yet many of the wisest statesmen doubt
the power of Congress to interfere with the subject
of slavery in this District; while noiv, it is here
boldly contended that Congress deuves power to
prohibit slave property in the olhcr Territories from
the words, "needful regulations."
I ask, even if the Constitution does grant us the
power, is it expedient and just to use it? Why do
gentlemen press this question upon us? "VV"hat
patriotic motive or consideration is there that de-
mands it? What is there in the crisis which calls
for it? What motive can prompt them ? What
object can they accomplish—what £ood effect by
it? Do gentlemen tell me slavery is a sin ? Sir,
I confess my astonishment at avowals I have lis-
tened to lately. I heard the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] earnestly denounce it as con-
trary to the Word of God, and assert that "the
mantle of Christianity could not be thrown around
it." He invoked the aid of Him who "spake
as never man spake," to sustain him in his po-
sition against it: he went to the Word of God, and
almost went as far as a gentleman who had prece-
ded him, who consigned us, in the most solemn
manner, not only to "degradation while we live, but
to eternal perdition when we die.
Sir, I was pained to hear this doctrine avowed
here. It forces from me a few words in vindica-
tion of the people of the South, and an allusion to
that sacred volume which should never be alluded
to in the most heated debate without solemnity and
reverencc. I do not profess to be a learned theo-
logian. I do not claim to be as deeply versed in
scriptural learning as I ought to he. Perhaps i
my reading, sir, has been too casual and inatten- I
tive; for surely, the part that consigns the slave- [
holder to perdition on account of the sinfulness of !
slavery has escaped my attention. I ask gentle- j
men to point out the scriptural denunciation of sla- |
very. Where, in the Old orNewTesrament,doyou ;
find it? Is it denounced at the time when the white j
tents of Istael were spread at the foot of the Mount, !
and the voice of Jehovah, amid the thunderings 1
and lightnings of Sinai, gave the moral law to j
Moses? Does the honorable gentleman r^ad in
that moral law any warning to man against this
terrible sin of holding slave property ? Does he
infer it from that commandment which proclaims
the seventh day as the Sabbath of the Lord, and
saitk to man, in it thou shalt not do any work,
thy man-servant nor thy maid-servant ?" Does he
infer it from that other commandment which saith
" thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, nor
his man-servant, nor his maid-servant, nor anything
that is thy neighbor's?" Or is it found in the New
Testament, where the Apostle preaches thus; "Ser-
i van is, be obedient to them that are your masters
! according to the flesh with fear and trembling?"
| Is it found in the same Apostle's admonition to
| masters to act well their part, " knowing that your
I Master also is in Heaven?" Is it found in the
; Epistle to Timothy: "Let as many servants as
j are under the yoke count their own masters wor-
1 thy of all honor, that the name of God and his
j doctrine be not blasphemed ?"
j t Sir, fanaticism, fanaticism must yield this point*,
i intelligent piety has yielded it; philosophic 6hris-
i tians have yielded it. Sir, when Moses came to
| find among the Jews slavery, an institution of the
j worst sort—slaves who had been taken captive—
slaves by crime—slaves by birth—did he denounce
it? Did he become an Abolitionist, and proclaim
it a crime and sin, and that it must be abolished?
No; lie only, sought to regulate it. And when our
Saviour made his advent on earth, what, sir, does
j history teach us—both sacred and profane history?
Did he not find then in existence a slavery, the worst
that the world has ever seen ?—a slavery which
gave the master a control over the servant greater
and more unlimited than we have? Were not hu-
man beings then bought and sold > Did ourSaviour,
in his holy teachings, warn man that he endan-
gered his salvation if he held slave property? Did
he preach the necessity of its abolition? of its sin-
fulness ' Have the honorable gentlemen perused
the epistle of Paul to Philemon, which was sent
by Onesimus, a runaway slave ? Paul sent him
home to his Christian master; and in his epistle to
Philemon, he says of Onesimus, " Whom I would
have retained with me; but without thy mind
would I do nothing." Sir, if Paul, under Divine
inspiration, thought slavery a crime, he would have
told Philemon, " Sir, remember you must die, and
are accountable to God; take off his shackles, and
liberate your slave." No; he recommends him to
his mercy, and sent him back to his master, he-
cause, he said, he had no authority to keep him—
a very useful lesson, by v:hich our friends in some por-
tion9 of the Union might profit! I know it is said
the word servant does not mean slave. I challenge
investigation on this subject. The word translated
servant, in the Greek, is doulos, which means slave,
and is used in contradistinction to words used to
menu "a hireling or servant." And I now insist
that gentlemen, before they denounce us and con-
sign us to infamy and eternal perdition, invoking
the Word of God against us, shall first read that
holy book, and know what it contains.
iVtr. Chairman, I have not thrust this discussion
here. I did not commence this discussion about
scriptural authoiity. But when gentlemen say
that the judgments of God will be upon us, and
consign us to infamy in this world and perdition
in another—when the gentleman from Ohio, in his
fervent planner, seemed to lift up his heart and call
upon his God to smile on their efforts—when
noithern men claim the authority of the Bible
against us, I have thought it right to refer to that
book, not to prove slavery a Divine institution, or
a very great blessing, but to show that they are
too hasty in their reference to scriptural authority.
I do not include all the gentlemen from the North
in the category, for I recognise some of them who
stand with us, whom I cordially take by the hand
as friends in this crisis. But if refer to gentlemen
who delivered studied pieces of declamation against
our domestic institutions, who thus invoked the
Word of God—who spoke with the fervid zeal of
a Crusader bent on rescuing the South from the
grasp of the heathenish slaveholder—who read to
us an act of a southern Legislature preventing the
