886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1!,
slaves from being-taught to read and write, and
said, " the eye of the intellect was put out by this
system." And here I would remark, that this act
of Assembly was tendered necessary on account
of just such movements as this, calculated to put
mischief in the minds of the slave, and making
rigid laws indispensable. And 1 would further
remark, that gentlemeft are laboring under false
impressions as to the moral condition of our slaves
—many of whom are instructed, and many of whom
are not kept in such religious ignorance as not to
be able to compete, with much success, in tjieir ;
biblical knowledge, with some who, in high places, j
deplore their degradation.
But it is said that these efforts are made to ben- I
efit the negro. I hold, Mr. Chairman, that the j
black and xohite races cannot coexist under the same ,
government upon an equal footing. I challenge any-
body to controvert it. 1 will not go into my own ,
country for proof of this, but will refer to the
North, where our friends claim to be, and no doubt j
many are, actuated in reference to this matter by j
pure and disinterested motives. Slavery is techni- I
tally abolished there, but servitude exists; and '
Gentlemen say the South is dwarfed; that h#r
energies are depressed, her moral character injured,
and the days of her glory past. Well, the South,
the slaveholding South, gave you Washington,
"the father of his country," "first in war, first in
peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen."
The South gave you Jefferson, the author of the
Declaration of Independence, from which the gen-
tleman from Ohio quoted. Did Mr. Jefferson
suppose, when he said that " all men are created
equal," that this would ever be tortured to support
the doctrine that slaves should not be held, when
it is known that Mr. Jefferson, who wrote this
instrument, was a slaveholder himself all his life,
and died a slaveholder? and Mr. Madison, "the
father of the Constitution," was a slaveholder.
But gentlemen say we are degenerate. In what,
sir, are we so degenerate—in morals ? in patriotism >
in enterprise ? No, sir, no. If, in olden times, we
so, if the feelings of Congress were to be charac-
terized by the spirit which had pervaded this dis-
cussion. But taking for granted, for the sake of
the argument, that this territory was ours, or was
to be so, Mr. B. denied the authority of Congress
to pass such a provision, which he designated aa
a bold attempt at the assumption of power which
never had been bestowed on the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. GILES next addressed the committee as
follows:
Mr. Chairman : I rejoice that I have been so
fortunate as to obtain the floor to-day, because the
i state of my health is so precarious at present as
not to afford me strength to have continued the
struggle. And I was anxious, sir, coming from
one of the central States of the Union—a State
which holds a peculiar position in reference to this
agitating question, that I should have the privilege
gave you a Washington—the man who carried us || of speaking upon it during this discussion. And
through the revolutionary war—have we not, in jl I feel the responsibility of the position that I
later days, given you a Jackson, who led our forces i| occupy; for, although what I may say to-day
with equal valor and success in the last war? And ij
yet gentlemen say that we are fallen, and that our |i
when the legislator, clad in the garb of philan-i: prosperity is gone! Sir, there is a measure that I
thropy, takes the negro to the hall of legislation, !| has oppressed us—the tariff law—which has corn-
tears his cliains from him, and bids him go and be \\ pelled us to bear heavy burdens for the benefit of
free, he practically stops him at the door and tells ij the northern and eastern sections of the country. I
him, When you go to the theatre remember you j! appeal to the gentlemen of the Northwest who have
are a black man, and take your seat in an humble j j stood shoulder to shoulder with the South in the
place; when you go to church to worship God, u battle of free trade. That victory is consumma-
remember your color, and sit not with the white ij ted, and the farmer of the AVest, as well as the
man, your liberator, but your superior. Dure not !j '  ./«.   
intrude at the same table with us. And when you !•
die and are to be buried, your graveyards and |
ours are to be separate. I do not say this in a i
spiritof denunciation of the North; far from it; and jj
in every State it may not be true; but it sustains
me in the proposition I laid down, that the black ,j
and white races cannot coexist under the same I
government upon an equal footing. The right of\\
suffrage is rarely given to them in the Notih, and ,|
in the State which my friend near me in part rep- ;j
resents, (New York,) when the attempt was re- ]
cently made to give him this right, the proposition ;j
was rejected with scorn, by one hundred thousand ij
majority. ;j
But 1 say* if you attempt to liberate these slaves 1
in our country, in our limited territory, you can ,
do them no good, and you do the whites essential
harm. I have seen lately a summary of curious i
facts prepared by a gentleman who looks into sin- j
tistics, and these facts indicate clearly that in this j
country, when you liberate these slaves thev are ,
more degraded than when they aru slaves, and ;
commit more crime. Diffusion will conic nearer j
promotmgultimate peaceful emancipation than any I
movement that can be made. And coming to the ;
South, southern gentlemen will bear me out, that ij
the crime committed in the South is by the free ;|
negro, not by the slave. And although we have ;i
in our midst some free negroes of the best charac- ,>
ter, yet they 4° not receive from the white man
either the same protection or sympathy that the
slave does, whose master protects him both from j
principle and interest. 'I
The following will serve to show how slightly, ;■
if at all, the moral condition of the colored man '
is improved in the States where he is emancipated;
and if this be the picture where the blacks are so ,
few in numbers, what can be expected if our slaves
are to be confined to their present territorial limits, >
and numbering more than three millions, and then
emancipated ? i
In Massachusetts there is one fiee negro to sev- '
"enty-fbur of the white population, and yet one-sixth <
of the convicts are fiee negroes. In Connecticut ,
there is one free negro to thirty-four of the white
population, and yet one third of the convicts are
free negroes. In New York ihere is one free'
negro to thirty-five of the white population, and
yet one-fourth of the convicts are free negroes. In ;
New Jersey there is one free negro to thirteen of i
the white "population, and yet one-third of the |
prisoneis are free negroes, in Pennsylvania there
is one free negro to thirty-four of the white popu-
lation, and one-third of the prisoners are free ne-
groes.
But gentlemen say they want to elevate the white
man at the South; save us, sir, from the elevation
to result from turning loose three millions of slaves
in our midst. Mr. Chairman, let us take care of
planter of the South, are now rejoicing under Us
operation, and basking m its sunshine. I know
the patriotism of the Northwest; she has not been
appealed to in vain in the cause of commercial
freedom; and now she will again favorably re-
spond in the causc of constitutional right. 1 appeal :
to the young State of Jowa, which has just come j
into the Union; let not her first act be a stab at !
the Constitution: and I know I shall not appeal
in vain. I appeal to the patriotism of all. 1 ap-
peal to the North to remember the spirit which
animated their ancestors, and their feeling of de-
votion to the principles of justice and the Union,
which we seek to carrv out now, I appeal to
the patriotism of this House, now when our con-
stellation of liberty is shedding its bright eiful-
gence throughout the world: let it not be dimmed
by dividing the cluster. If it be possible, let
the Federal Union be preserved. Let sectional
prejudices be banished from this Hall. Let us
embmk in a generous rivalry to do most m
compromising, and compromising forever, and set- j
tliforever this peace-disturbing, this Union-en- '
dangcring question. But, sir, on this question the
tioutli will maintain her rights—let that be understood;
and these insidious attempts to crush them will be
rebuked. This unconstitutional attempt to exclude
the property of the South from the territories by !
gentlemen who proclaim that they arc not A boh- '
tiouists, and yet who tell us in the next breath that
they arc " foi drawing a cordon of free States
around us," and " for lighting up the fires of lib-
erty around us and melting the chains of slavery
(as they call them,) will fail, surely :i 17 
fail, if mem- i!
may not be heard by more than one hundred per-
sons, by the glorious agency of a free press, that
which I utter here, before to-morrow can be read
by one hundred thousand persons. I feel, there-
fore, that in speaking to this great question, I am
not speaking to the empty benches here, but to the
great council of the American people. And, in
reference to the great question which has been
thrown into this discussion by the proviso of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,]!
unite with my friend from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] in
his bold, manly, and statesmanlike appeal, from
the politicians, to the people of the States. It was-
an appeal worthy of him, as he stands a glorious-
Representative of the land of the heroic Ogle-
thorpe:
Mr. Chairman, before I come to the discussion
of that question, petmit me to address a few re-
marks to the committee upon the position which
the State of Maryland, by her whole delegation
; upon this floor, has held during the present ses-
1 sion of Congress. Sir, whatever may be our po-
litical differences at home, upon every question
that has had reference to the vigorous and suc-
cessful prosecution of the war, Maryland has pre-
sented an undivided front; and her delegation, en-
tire, Whig and Democratic, has been willing and
anxious to give every means within the power of
this House to aid the Executive in carrying on
the unhappy contest in which this country is en-
gaged. And I am happy to see, Mr. Chairman,
by the resolutions of our Legislature, now con-
vened at our seat of Government—although I dif-
fer with them in reference to the causes of this
war, although I differ with my Whig brethren of
that State in reference to its origin—I am happy to
see that they support and affirm the position which
the Representatives from Maryland have taken in
reference to all the measures for the prosecution
of the war, in a resolution which has been adopted
by both branches of the Legislature, in the follow-
ing woids:
" lOrli. That this Legislature approve and applaud the
course of the Representative* of Man land in b"th
bers will for a moment reflect on the history of ] 0f empress, in their prompt coopeiation towards the sup-
emancipation in St. Domingo, in Jamaica, and !i plies of men and money lor the vigorous and successful
elsewhere, and picture to themselves the condition ;j
of the South, with moie than thiee millions oi lib- ij g€,ntaljves 0f ^he State will continue to give their aid to all
erated slaves in their midst. 1 appeal to them, as
they legardthe obligations imposed upon them by
I he Constitution; as they regard the peace, the
prosperity, and the happiness of the country; as
they desire the permanence of the Union, not to
press this measure. But I feel an abiding con-
fidence m the magnanimity and patriotism of the
North,as well as in the firmness of the South. i\nd
I have 110 fears for this proposition. It will fail
ultimately, sir, even if in a moment of excitement it
should pass now. I hall with pride,exultation, and
satisfaction, the patriotic display we have already
seen evinced by some gentlemen from the North.
I believe there are more ready to come up from the
North and West to espouse the cause of justice,
the lights of the South, and the principles of the
Constitution, and rebuke now and forever this
mischievous spirit of fanaticism.
i Mr. D.'s hour here expired.
! Mr. BAYLY followed m a speech, having refer-
! ence mainly to the Wilmot proviso. He depre-
i cated the attempts made to legislate for a country
ourselves. We know our responsibility to God which was not ours; which never might become so;
and man, and we will act in view of it. 1! and which, he said, certainly never would become
M sentatives      — ^
pioper measures winch s-hali be calculated to sustain the
gloiy of the American ai ms , and piomote the consummation
of an early and honorable peace.
Why, sir, we would have been untrue to our con-
stituency to have taken any other course. What,
sir, the country engaged in a contest, her arms now
upon a foreign soil, the honor of the country at
issue, and a Representative of Maryland refuse to
vote supplies of men and money! He would be
untrue to the past character of his State-—untrue to
the present spirit of his noble constituency. Why,
Mr. Chairman, while I speak, the wail of the fu-
neral march and the sound of the muffled drum has
scarcely died away upon the breeze, which told to
the people that a great city had turned out to bear
all that was mortal of her heroic sons to sleep be-
neath the shade of her lofty monuments. Her
! sons have been in the thickest of the fight: some
have fallen where the great and the good of every
land have so often desired to fall, in the front of
Freedom's phalanx; but in their death and in their
funeral obsequies, they have beautifully illustrated
what has been said by one of the gifted sons of
genius:
