1847.
THE CONG SESSIONAL GLOME.
SSf
" There is a tear for all who die,
A mourner o'er the humblest gravfe;
But nations swell the funeral cry.
And beauty weeps above the brave."
Now, sir, not only has Maryland sent her sons
to the battlefield; not only are there now in that
State hundreds of her brave and patriotic sons pant-
ing for service under the bill which yesterday be-
came the law of the land; but, sir, they are willing
to contribute of their means to sustain this war!
Whatever other gentlemen may say of their con-
stituencies, so far as I have been able to learn the
public sentiment in Maryland, it is unanimous in
reference to the question of a tax upon free arti-
cles to sustain the credit of yourGovernment. The
press of the city which I have the honor in part to
represent, and I believe of the whole State, have
come out in favor of this measure, pressed upon
^*our attention by the Executive of th^ountry.
rhey are anxious. Public opinion 111 that State is
in advance of the action of the National Legisla-
ture. They will welcome with pleasure a tax upon
tea and coffee to sustain the present credit of your
General Government, and thereby carry on more
vigorously the operations of your army in the field.
Why, we are told upon this floor, in reference to
this question, that we are taxing the necessaries of
life. Is it not strange, Mr. Chairman, that when
we had the tariff question up weeks and weeks
during the last session, gentlemen, who are now so
averse to a tax on tea and coffee, as a war-tax,
were not found as deeply solicitous in reference to
taxing other articles that may be more properly
denominated the necessaries of life? Why, look
at the bill of last session, sir, which is now the
law of the land. The first great necessary of life
is food: a necessary for man and beast. Food is
taxed. The next great necessary of life is cloth-
ing: clothing is taxed thirty per cent. The next
great necessary of life, to civilized and uncivilized
man, is iron: it is taxed thirty per<fcent. Thenext
great necessary, and, as I said, in regard to other
articles, both for man and beast, is salt; and I
struggled here through a long day's session, last
summer, to place salt among the free articles: salt
is taxed twenty per cent., sugar thirty per cent.
And now when you are called"upon, not in a time
of peace, Mr. Chturnian, but in time of war, for an
extraordinary tax—a tax to meet the expenses of the
war—in the face of this tariff, which was sanction-
ed at the last session; when your Government
asks for a small tax of twenty per cent, upon these
large articles of import, we are met with the objec-
tion, that we are taxing the necessaries of life.
Whatever may be the condition or patriotism of
the constituencies of other gentlemen, be it a tax
upon the necessaries of life or not, my constituents
have the patriotism to bear it in war; to bear it as
they bore direct taxation in the conflict of 1812.
They will bear every measure that is necessary to
carry on thia war vigorously, and obtain for us a
speedy and honorable peace; a vindication of the
wrongs of the country, and of her invaded terri-
tory.
Mr. Chairman, I regret exceedingly that in
reference to one of the great measures of this ses-
sion—a measure which was to place within the
power of the Executive of the country the means
of negotiating for a speedy and honorable peace—
that, having voted the money, and having voted
the means necessary successfully to prosecute the
war, when we came to discuss and pass upon this
great measure, which looks to peace, we were not
left to discuss and act upon it, independently of
this agitating question, which is brought up before
us by the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I regret, sir, that, engaged in the discus-
sion of this question, you were not permitted to
act under the glorious light of patriotism, and ani-
mated by the feeling of brotherhood which has
ever made us one people; but that we must be
swept by this movement from all that was calm,
all that was elevated, all that was purifying in ref-
erence to our common country, beneath the poi-
sonous shade of this bohan upas tree of our good-
ly heritage. And I regret that as this shaft was
to be levelled at the institutions of the South, it
should have come from the quiver it did. I regret
that it was offered by my friend from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Wilmot,] who, in reference to the tariff
question, stood by the South; who, on that great
question of the present Administration, was
" Faithful found, amid the faithless;
Faithful only he.'1
But it has come; and we must decide upon it.
It will be offered; this committee must pass upon
it: and I know of no question that rises higher in
importance in reference to its just decision, as it
may tell upon the harmony and the brotherly feel-
ings between the different sections of this Union,
for good or for evil. It must not only be discuss-
ed, Mr. Chairman, but it must be acted upon.
Now, sir, it is something granted in all this
discussion, that we are to acquire territory from
Mexico. Of that I think there can be no doubt.
We are to acquire, and we must acquire territory,
from Mexico. Mexico owes our citizens a large
amount of money; acknowledged by treaty, set-
tled by commissioners. She must be made to pay
it, either in money or in territory, before our
country can agree upon an honorable peace. She
must be made to pay the expenses of this war,
brought upon us by her invasion of one of the
sovereign States of this Union, and her shedding of
American blood upon American soil. How is
she to do this ? Has she any money in her treas-
ury? Why, sir, what is her present debt? Her
foreign debt was about sixty millions dollars; her
domestic debt about forty millions; her whole
debt, then, before she commenced tins controversy
with the United States of the North, was one hun-
dred millions dollars. Her treasury is exhausted;
her Government is bankiupt; her army unpaid,
and unfed; and, upon the last breeze from the
South, there comes to us the rumor that her Con-
gress, in desperation, have issued a decree against j
the property of the church. Now, sir, it were
vain to look for indemnity for our citizens from
such a Government without she pay us in ter-
ritory.
I "take it, then, for panted, Mr. Chairman, in
addressing myself to this question, that we shall
gain territory, and must gain territory, before we
shut the gates of the temple of Janus.
. There is another reason why we must gain it,
Mr. Chairman. Our emigrants, in passing along
across the broad prairies of the West, have already
turned their footsteps southwaid to California; and
I tell you the day the Anslo-Saxon planted his
step upon the " seagirt isle" down to the present
time, his motto has ever been that which was so
gloriously borne on the banner of the immortal
Hampden—
" Vestigia nulla rrirorsum."
Our emigrants are going there; they are carrying
with them the civilization of the North; they are
carrying with them their love for the institutions of
these States; and I tell you, sir, if we do not gain
this territory, Mexico can never resume her iron
sway over it. It must either be with us, adding
to the strength, and the wealth, and the commerce
of this great Confederacy, or it will be an indepen-
dent republic. We must have it. Every consid-
eration of national policy calls upon us to secure
it. We must march right out from ocean to ocean.
We must fulfil what I lie American poet has said 01"
us, from one end of this Confederacy to the other—
'• Tiie broad Pacific chafes- oui strnnd;
We hearlho wild Atlantic roru."'
Wo must march from Texas straight to the Pacific
Ocean, and be bounded only by its roaring wave.
We must admit no other Government to any par-
tition of this great territory. It is the destiny of
the while race: it is the destiny of the Anglo-Sax-
on race; and if they fail to perform it, they will
not come up to that high position winch Provi-
dence, in his mighty government, has assigned
them.
If we are, then, to have this territory, we must
act in reference to the question of its domestic in-
stitutions. It must either preserve, what my friend |
from Georgia [Mr. Cot.r] so truly described, a
neutrality in reference to it—we must either pre-
serve a neutrality upon this question of slavery,'or
else we must adopt the proviso offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not discuss this question
in a constitutional point of view. I have neither
the strength nor the time to do it. Indeed, after
the very able discussion which it received some !
two weeks since from the gentleman from South i
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] and to which we have |
listened this morning from the gentleman from Vir- ;
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] in reference to this view of ;
the case, I should not have in such a field even the 1
poor privilege of a gleaner. The argument has ]
been exhausted. Whatever influence it may have j
had with others, it has clearly convinced me, that !
under the Constitution of the United States, Con-
gress has no power to make this prohibition against
slavery in the territories which we may acquire.
But I wish to take another view of this ques-
tion, sir. This movement, in its remote origin,
arose with the Abolitionists of the North. In
making this remark, I do not attribute the, usvial
motives which animate those gentlemen, to my
friend from Pennsylvania. But tliis movement
against the institution of slavery, as it exists in the
southern portion of our Confederacy, had its origin
with the Abolitionists of the Worth. Where aid
they come from? Who were the men who first*
started this Abolition movement in the North?
They were Englishmen. It came from England^
a nation that has done more to forge the chains o{
millions than any other nation on earth; a nation
whose statute book is disgraced by enactmentafte#
enactment for the encouragement of the slave trade.
Yes, sir; a nation which, in the face of the remon-
strances of the American colonies, year after year,
poured out this population upon the shores of the
New Woild. Why, sir, witnessing the scenes,
which we do, or whose report is brought to us,
now upon every breeze that comes from the East,
one would think that Great Britain had full scope
for the exercise of her philanthropy at home.
What a spectade is now presented ! A nation in
the midst of Christendom, in the nineteenth centu-
ry, upon the borders of starvation, speaking to th.e
world, trumpet-tongued, of the misrule of centu-
ries ! A. nation, at her own door, occupying a rich
and fertile soil, beggared, crushed to the earth, and,
now upon the very verge of starvation, brought^
about by her misgovernment! And tins is. the
nation that would send her philanthropy across the
waters against the institutions of the New World!
Why, sir, .although it has been truly said that
charity should not be bounded by home, home is
the place from which it should start, and where its,
genial light should first slune.
Now, sir, this movement has for its avowed
object the benefit of the slave. Mr. Chairman,
I claim to be as much the friend of the black
man as any Abolitionist of the North. I claim
to be the friend of every man who is made in
the likeness of his Creator—who walks with
his f.ice erect to the heavens; and I would lend,
eveiy effort within my power to enhance the hap-
piness of every man. But, sir, when you come
to look at the means which are proposed, I ask,
are they to carry forward or advance the happiness
of the colored race? Could they be liberated.?
Why, there is no man here, and no man, I sup-
pose, in the North, so wild as to believe that the^r
could, with safety, either to themselves or to the
inhabitants of the southern States. As has.been
well remarked to-day, and shown by statistics, it
would be but to usher them into crime, and misery,,
and degradation. This institution of slavery—of
African slavery—has been the work of centuries.
It has been said—(these things are beyond my
ken)—but it has been said to have been the fufil-
ment of that terrific prophecy, which said that
one of the sons of the patiiarch of the ark should
be servant to his brethren. But it has grown upo$
this country in the course of centuries; it can only
be safely removed by the same process.
Now, sir, as I said before, in Maryland, in ref-
erence to this question, we occupy a somewhat
peculiar position. We ore a slave State. We are
the first State south of Mason and Dixon's line.
We have a free State on the north, and a slave
State on the south. We do not legislate m refer-
ence to this question of freedom. No man would
darn propose in the Legislature of our State the
abolition of this tenuie between the master and
the slave. But yet, sir, by the slow ^process of
causes beyond human agency, and above all ba-
nian .legislation, that State is destined, at some
future day, to take her rank amid the free States
of the North. Her population is rapidly changing:
from a slave into a fiee population. The statistics
upon this question, when looked into, show some
mightv results. In one of the counties of Mary#-
land, (Cecil,)in 1790, the slave population amount-
ed to 3,407; the fiee colored population onlv to 16$.
In 1840, as shown by the last census, tlie slave
population in the some county has dwindled down
to 1.332. less than one-half its number in 1790; and
the free colored population has swelled up to 2,551:
about fifteen tfrnes its number at the former date.
In the city of Baltimore, in 1790, the number of
slaves was 5,877, and of free colored persona oo^r
