1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not exist, it shall not exist, and New Mexico and
California, already acquired by conquest, will be,
and must be, and shall be, preserved free—this in-
sane cry to the contrary notwithstanding. Sir, as
evidence that this is to be so, at this time, at this
day, we see the question of slavery here debated
on both sides with argument, with reason, with
candor.
What are the arguments that are opposed to that
proviso, that is known throughout the country as
the lt Wiimot proviso," which has been re-pre-
sented at this session of Congress by an esteemed
colleague of mine? Why, that Congress has no
power to legislate upon the subject of slavery in
the Territories that belong to the United States, and
are not yet erected into States; that we have no
power to legislate upon the subject at all. Sir,
it js too late in the day to question the power over
this subject in the Territories. Congress has not
only legislated upon the subject in the Territories,
but it has abolished slavery where it existed by
law, and that, too, with the entire concurrence of
the southern portion of the Confederacy. And
yet, at this time they get up here, as if the history
of the legislation of this country was forgotten, and
deny the authority of Congress to act upon this
subject at all. In 1787, when the celebrated ordi-
nance to which reference has so often been made,
was enacted by the Congress of the United States,
slavery existed by law in the Northwest Terri-
tory—throughout all that territory northwest of
the Ohio river. This territory was owned and
claimed by Virginia, New York, and Connecticut.
These three States claimed it, and without here at-
tempting to decide how much or *wkat particular
portion each State respectively owned, they to-
gether did own the territory northwest of the Ohio;
and at this time in these three States slavery ex-
isted by law, and of course by the laws of these
States it existed in this territory. By the ordi-
nance of 1787, this institution was abolished by
the Congress of the United States in all this terri-
tory, and from that day to this there has been no
such thing as slavery in that favored portion of
this Union.
Sir, in regard to the Louisiana territory—to the
Louisiana purchase—slavery existed there when
it came into the Union; and, by the Missouri
compromise, it was expressly abolished, north of
36° 30', in all the territory of Louisiana, with the
exception of Missouri.
In regard to the Oregon territory, this House
has twice incorporated in the bill providing for a
territorial government over it, a provision sub-
stantially like that contained in the ordinance of
1787, not abolishing slavery there, because ifc does
not exist, but excluding and forever prohibiting it
from planting its foot there. Slavery has been
protected both in Florida and in Louisiana, while
they were respectively Territories of this Union.
This institution existing there when these Ter-
ritories came into the Union, it was protected, not
in terms, but in fact protected by the laws of Con-
gress, and by the whole power of the United
States, anH by treaty, too. And I want to know
if the treaty-making power is the part of the Gov-
ernment which is authorized to regulate or abolish
slavery in the Territories, while Congress has no
power over the subject? Look to the Constitu-
tion—read it; and see if, in the treaty-making
power there defined, you can find one word about
establishing or abolishing slavery; and yet the
treaty-making power lias again and again acted
upon this subject. But southern men will give to
the treaty-making power the right of action upon
it, while they deny it to the legislative power, be-
cause, forsooth, it takes two-thirds of the Senate to
make a treaty, and the smallest slave State has as
many votes in the Senate as the largest free State.
Sir, it exists in both the treaty-making and legis-
lative power, and has been exercised by both.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia, who
spoke some time since, [Mr. Seddon,] in his furi-
us onslaught, in his violent attack, upon the un-
answerable remarks of my colleague, [Mr. Ki.vg,]
said that that speech of his, or personal explana-
tion, was not only a violation in a single particu-
lar of the Constitution, but a violation of the whole
instrument. And the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] to-day saiJ that this provision was
destructive of all the ends of the Constitution: so
that in this ordinance of 1787) in the treaty in re-
gard to Florida, in our action upon the Oregon
bill, in the whole history of the legislation and ac-
tion of the treaty-making power of this Govern'
ment, we have been, according to this modern
doctrine, violating the Constitution of the United
States. Sir, I should like to know in what school
these gentlemen studied the Constitution of the
United States. Certainly not in the school of the
founders of this Government and the framers of the
Constitution: for all the great men of that age,
who participated in the Revolution and in founding
the Government, concurred in the power of this
Government to exclude slavery from, or abolish it
in, the Territories that belonged to the Union.
I have no doubt Congress has the power to abo-
lish slavery even in this District. I have not the
least question upon that subject, and, in fact, this
was southern doctrine.
In the cession of this territory to the Union by
Maryland and Virginia, the idea of the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia probably did
not occur to the States making the cession; and I
agree with the distinguished man who received the
patronage and suffrage of the South, coming from
the North, the great " Northern man with southern
principles," who met this question, which wasdis-
tinctly put to him when he was about to leceive the
suffrages of the South, and declared openly, man-
fully, and above-board, that Congress had the
power vested in it to abolish slavery in this District;
yet he would veto any bill for it, because it would
be a surprise upon the Stales of Maryland and
Virginia. Nor would I, in this stage of slavery in
this country, vote for a bill abolishing it here in
this District, almost in the heart of the South,
against the will or without the consent of the peo-
ple of the southern States. I will not now state
the reasons why; they must be obvious to every
mind. •
Mr. Van Buren is not the only public man who
has asserted the right and power of Congress to
legislate upon this subject in the Territory of the
United States. He is not the only President. I
can referTo Mr. Madison in support of the same
position. And I will take occasion here to rend a
short speech of Mr. Madison, from Elliott's De-
bates, touching this question, which was delivered
in Congress in March, 1790. after the ordinance of
1787 was established, upon committing the memo-
rials of the Quakers upon the slave-trade. Mr.
Burke, from the South, reprobated the commit-
ment, as subversive of the Constitution, as surren-
dering our claim, and blowing the trumpet of sedi-
tion in the southern States.
And others took the same ground. They were
alarmed at the proposition, and talked very much
in the style of some of the celebrated orators from
the South, at this day. Mr. Madison, a cool, clear-
headed, tried statesman, coming from the South,
from the leading State of the South, who may be
said to be the father of the Constitution almost,
rebuked this kind of talk in the arguments he ad-
vanced: :
" Mr. Madison observed that it was In-* opinion yesterday, !
that the best wav to proceed in the bu-ines-s w.i-f io commit J
the memorial without debate on the subject. From what
has taken place, lie was more convinced of the pioprnjty of
the idea ; bm, as the bu-nne«? has ongngpd the attention of
manv members, and much has been said by gentlemen, he
would offW a few observations for the consideration of the j
Hou^e. He then entered into a critical review of the cir
cumstances respecting the adoption of the Constitution ; tile
ideas upow the limitation of the powers of Confess to inter-
fere m the regulation^ of commerce m slaves, and showing
that they wen* not precluded from mteiposmg m their im-
portation ; and generally, to regulate the mode in which
every species of business shall be transacted. He adverted
to the western country, and the ce-sion ot Georgia, in which
Congress have certainly the power to regulate the subject of
slavery; which shows that gentlemen are mistaken in sup-
posing that Congress cannot constitutionally interfere in the :
business! in any degree whatever. He was tn favor ofcom- j
nutting the petition, and justified the measure, by repeated j
precedents in the proceedings of the House." !
And in defence of the position he took, he stated ,
many instances in which that power had been ex- j
ercised; he particularly instanced the cession of1
Georgia, in which Congress had the power to regu- j
late the subject of slavery. Now, I undertake to j
say, that from the organization of this Govern- j
ment, down to this time, Congress had, in an nn- i
broken series of acts of legislation, prohibited ond ;
abolished slavery, and legislated upon the subject j
of slavery in the Territories belonging to the Gen- ,
eral Government. j
Now, withotit entering info any metaphysical
disquisition as to the powers conferred by the Con- '
stitution upon Congress, which nobody can un-
derstand, even if they are comprehended by those
who utter these fine-spun arguments, it is sufficient
for me to say, that it is too late in the day to ques-
tion the rights and power of Congress to exercise
its discretion upon the subject of slavery in any or
all the Territories belonging to the Government.
They begun this legislation while we were but a
Confederacy, when the power of the Union Wafc
far less potential than it is under the Constitution.
This power has never been abandoned, and I trust
that the true sentiment of the South, and the good
sense of the South, never will exclude from this
Government the power to legislate over this sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories. Certainly, the
North will never yield the power this Government
undoubtedly has, and always has exercised, over
the subject.
Now, while I assert and maintain the power and
right of Congress over this subject in the Territo-
ries, I am free to say, that in the States, Congress
has no power. Whether slavery shall or shall
not exist in any State in this Union, is a question
which the State can alone decide for itself; and the
Congress of the United States, the North, the
South, and every legislative power of this people
will be brought into requisition, to protect the States
in their rights upon this subject, under the Con-
stitution. The foreign world, or the Abolitionist
; at home, can never be allowed to interfere in this
; matter at all within the States. But whether ^e
, shall legislate or not upon the subject in the Terrl-
j tories of this Government, is a matter to be left to
| the discretion of Congress. The power is with us:
j whether we will use it or not, is purely a matter of
: policy and expediency.
i The gentleman from Virginia said that this pro-
j viso was utterly destructive of all the ends of the
j Constitution. By that, I understand him to mean,
I that slavery is now regarded by the South as an
; essential element of our Government: that it is an
essential element to the Federal Government; that
the Constitution was originated to perpetuate and
to extend this institution; that it was so intended
by the framers of the Constitution. Sir, the quota-
tion that I have made from Mr. Madison disproves
that. Slavery was regarded by the framers of the
Constitution as a temporal y institution, which was,
some day or other, to come to an end in this coun-
try: but now it is made, by the gentlemen from
the South, an essential element in the Government
j itself, intended to be forever fostered, protected,
| perpetuated, and extended over the earth, without
I limit, and that too by power contained in the Con-
! stitution.
Another argument put forth by the gentlemen
from the South, in opposition to this provision, is,
that it is unfair and unjust towards the Soutf); that
while northern men can go to this country with
their property, the South is excluded. No such
thing; it is not the design, nor the terms, nor the
effect, of the proviso. The South can go to this ter-
ritory as well as the North, and take any property
to it that the North can. But the South want to
take to this new territory what they call property,
which the North have not, and would not have if
they-coold, and in conscience could not have if
they would. The South, in this, seek an advan-
tage over the North.
The great difficulty in the way of the South to
accomplish this injustice, lies here: man cannot
hold property in man; slaves are not property ex-
cept in the slaveholding States. Out of the slave
Slates, and out of countries where slavery is toler-
ated by law, slaves are not property. They are
property in the slave States only upon the prin-
ciple that might makes right. Sir, man cannot
hold property in man. And are not slaves men?
Have they not the human form, the human voice,
the human mind? Have they not a hope of im-
mortality and a hope of Heaven ? Are they to go
down to the grave like beasts? Why has God
implanted in their bosoms an independent wish to
be free, if bv nature they are not free ? The South
may go to this territory, if this proviso is adopted, '
with all and everything that is recognised in the
North and among enlightened and civilized nations
as property. But if they take there men and
women and children, who, by the lawsof the slave
States, are property, and are, by comity and com-
pact, treated as property by the Federal Govern-
ment within these States; if they go to this terri-
tory with what they call property, and is tolerated
as property within their respective States, why
these men, women, and children, stand forth ^re-
deemed, regenerated, and disenthralled," fVom the
shackles mat the laws of the slave States bind upon
