390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Feb. 11,
them; they breathe the air of freedom, and their
■Shackles fall.
Mr. Ghairman, why do the North now agitate
-this question ? 1 have already stated my opinion
in regard to the proper time when the question
•should be raised, and yet I have yielded that pri-
vate opinion of mine, and intend to vote for the
proviso upon this bill. But why do the North
• agitate this question now ? And if it is put in this
"bill, what effect will it have' Why, sir, I regard
it as merely declaratory of what the North intend
to do when this territory comes into the Union,
•and we begin to legislate upon it as we have done
'Uponother territories belonging to the Government.
Sir, unless slavei-y be excluded from this territory
_ while it belongs to the United States, is there a
-gentleman within the sound of my voice, that does
not know that California and New Mexico are to
be and will be peopled hy the inhabitants of Texas,
Missouri, and the South; that these people are to
rush into that country, carrying- their slaves with
them; not waiting the wave of population as it
naturally moves on, but by concert taking time by
the forelock and settling the question in favor of
slavery in advance of our salutary and prohibitory
legislation ? They intend to fill up this country
with their slave population: and when they have
planted the institution there, then, when they come
to ask admittance into this Union as a State, we
have got to admit them with slavery, as we did
Florida, Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mis-
souri.
I have read the speech of the great statesman of
the South, (Mr. Calhoun,) made in the Senate on
Tuesday last, and 1 think I understand the policy
of the South. Well, that gentleman who is reputed
as the great southern leader, that distinguished
statesman, whose voice in the South is potential
upon the subject, savs, hold on to the territory of
New Mexico and California that we have already
conquered from Mexico, not as a conquest, but as
indemnity for the expenses of the war, and forwhat
is due to our citizens for wrongs committed upon
their rights by the Government and people of Mexi-
co. So far, I go with him, and I am glad that he
made that announcement. With him, my determi-
nation is fixed urion the sub|ect,that this territory is
to be ours. But, if you will read that speech care-
fully and closely, you will find concealed in it this
policy, that it is to be ours or not to be ours, when
you come to treat, according as it is to he slavf or
free; that ts the policy shadowed forth. How low;
is it to be hung up, like Mahomet's collin between
heaven and earth, in this dubious position—to be
ours or moMo be ours—waiting the derision of this
question office temtorv or not free territory in
Congress > How Ion* is this " masterly inactivi-
ty>'to suspend this territory, to make'it neither
one thing; nor the other, neither in the Union nor I
out of the Union, very much like the doctrine of |
nullification J Why, until it is filled up with slaves;
and then the North will yield, as they have always
yielded; they will take it as the North did Texas
rather than have it remain an independent confed-
eracy of the Saxon race upon our southern bonier.
The same arguments will be used to bung it into
the Union that were used to bring in Texas, and
with equal force and equal merit. "Now this terri-
tory must be ours*, it never can go hack to Mexico.
If you abandon it, as in one contingency the Sena-
tor from South Carolina favors, why, you will have
another war. Our people are already going there;
they will go there and take their slaves with them,
unless you prohibit slavery in advance. When
they get strong enough to overthrow the Mexican
authority, then there will he another revolution
similar to the Texan revolution; and after eHu or
nine years, when the territory is full of this'insti-
tutmn, we are to have another annexation and
another war.
This terntoiy is now ours by conquest; here it
is in our military occupation; let us hold on to it
now we have it, and regulate it while we may. I
*m glad that the South agree with the North that
it is never to-he given up. We are engaged in a
war, and we may as well fight it out now lis here-
after; and let us settle the question of slavery as
soon as we can; but slavery or no slavery, that ter-
ritory is to be ours. And f say, if the North will be
united_upon this subject, and oppose the introduc-
tion of slavery into this territory, they can settle
iaat question now as it should he settled, and keep
the territory. But, on the other hand, I am free to
admit this is a question to be decided by votes in
Congress. The North will never dissolve the
Union upon this question; and they never'will'
threaten to dissolve it, if the majority should be
against them, if there should be from the North
found doughfaces enough bought up or scared-up
to turn the scale against them; never. But I un-
dertake to say, those who from the North sell the
North out upon thi3 subject, will find a dissolution
from their constituents ; that they will ever be
separated from them hereafter, by an impassable
gulf; that they will be banished to that country
from whose bourne no traveller returns. Why,
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Giles,] who
has just taken his seat, wanted that we should
divide this territory by the line of 36° 30' north lati-
tude—the Missouri compromise line—and thought
that would be a fair division of teriitory. Mr.
Chairman, I would like to know if this line of
36° 30' is to be the dividing line of States, how
are States to be formed in reference to it? Are
you to have slave Stales south and free States
north of that line ? How is it in regard to Texas ?
There you have a State running up from the
mouth of the Rio Grande to the parallel of 42°:
are the slave laws of Texas operative south of
36° 30' and not north of that line? Oh, no;
they operate throughout the whole State, as well
north as south of that line. And if you form
States out of this new territory, I want to know,
if slave laws are to operate on one side of this
line and not on the other, if this line should not
he the boundary of the State? The Missouri
compromise line was proposed to be recognised in
the preliminary proceedings that brought Texas
into the Union. Slavery existed in the butt end
of the territory; a great part of that territory is
south of 36° 30f, a part of it runs up to 49°;
and how is it, there? Why. slavery extends up to
4^°; because the laws of "Texas tolerate slavery.
Now, as the line of 36° 30' will not in all pro-
bability be made the dividing line bet\^en States,
it is impracticable to adopt that line as a line south
of which slavery is to exist and be enforced, and
north of which it is not to go. I don't know how
the States will be formed and laid out of this ter-
ritory if it become ours. But slavery must exist
throughout the entire bounds of a State, or not
exist in it at all. There cannot and will not be a
compromise line within a State.
The gentleman from Virginia who preceded me
to-day, took the ground that the ordinance of 1787,
vso far as it undertook to interfere with or abolish
this institution of slavery northwest of the Ohio
river, was null and void. Sir, in December. 1788,
more than a year after the ordinance of 1787 was
adopted, a legislative act was passed by the Legis-
lature of Virginia, ratifying, confirming,and adopt-
ing the ordinance of 1787—the ordinance which abol-
ished slavery where it existed dc jure if not de facto.
The territory was a wilderness, occupied by savages,
yet slavery existed there i!e jure; and the Legislature
of Virginia, by the confirmation of the ordinance of
1787, approved of this abolition of slavery in what
was once her territory—that institution u hieh now,
according to some of her statesmen of the present
day, cannot be abolished in New Mexico and Cal-
ifornia , because, forsooth, Congress have no power
to act on this subject. How convenient it is for
gentlemen of the South to blow hot and cold on
this subject as their interest varies. I have already
alluded to a distinguished statesman from the
South in the other end of this Capitol, as to the
southern policy. A distinguished statesman from
Virginia, on this floor, put forth the same doc-
trine to-day, that this territory will not be ours
if this proviso bo adopted; that it is not ours, and
never will be, if this measure be consummated.
But if this proviso fails—if this policy of masterly
inactivity is adopted, and the South is suffered to !
occupy this territory with their slaves, then it will !
be ours. I believe I am not mistaken in the policy. !
It is not publicly avowed: that is the secret policy
of the South in regard to all this territory.
But the South complain that we arc depreciating
the value of their property, by excluding slavery
from this newly-acquired territory. Now I do not
know how that may be. I do not know but slave
property might depreciate in value if this territory
is occupied by a free people. But is that any rea-
son why we should not keep it fre'e? On the same
principle, may they not ask you to give them the
whole surface of God's globe for their slaves?
Where is the bound ? How far south can you go
and prohibit slavery; and where must you stop,
lest you depreciate the value of the southern slave?
Why, if t y making this territory free*States you
are the instrument in the hand of Providence in
crumbling this institution in the dust by the pro-
cess of natural law, God speed the progress of free-
dom. I have always supposed that the South,
when they acknowledge this to be a curse which
they could not shake off, as they have uniformly
done by their distinguished men, would consider
it a blessing if some way were devised by which
they could get rid of it without violence, and
with safety to themselves. Well, here we have
it. Let the waves divide: let the children of Israel
pass through the Red Sea on dry land. Let there
be a cordon of free States on the south. But
no, the South forbid, because "it deprived them
of a slave market. I have no doubt the Egypt-
• ians would have established themselves on the
[ other side of the Red Sea if they had thought that
; their slaves were going to get away as they did,
j and then the long-oppressed children of Israel
| would never have seen the happy promised land
, of Canaan flowing with milk and honey. There
j is a way of getting rid of this institution. The day
j is coming in this country when the slave shall be
j free; and all attempts to prevent it will prove as
| abortive as the measures of Pharoah to prevent the
j passage of the Hebrews.
We have heard to-day from the gentleman from
Texas and the gentleman from Ohio—I mean the
gentleman who said his constituents demanded ac-
tion, action, action; and certainly he obeyed his
constituents; for from the beginning to the ending
of his speech, he thumped his table with his fist as
with a beetle. [A laugh.] That action was suited
to the will of his constituents, if it was not suited
to the words that he uttered, if, indeed, he uttered
any words that a sane, sensible man could com-
prehend. [Renewed laughter.] He says slavery
cannot exist without positive enactment, and if this
territory comes into the Union, it will come in free
. and remain free, until Congress pass laws estab-
' lishing slavery; and he wants any man to contro-
] vert this doctrine if he can. Why, I can tell the
' gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Parrish,] what his
1 constituents know and believe, whether it has got
i into his head or not, that, without this proviso,
| either at this session of Congress or incorporated
i into the territorial law when you come to organizie
a government over that territory, slavery will exist
, there, and with it it never will. The South knew
, this and understood it. This is the policy shadow-
i ed forth by the speech of that distinguished states-
! man from the Southland the avowed policy of the
i gentleman from Virginia, to defeat action upon this
i matter, as they hold it will exist there unless we
positively prohibit it by the action of this Govern-
' ment. And this is the reason why the South are
so strenuous in their opposition to our acting on
; this subject. Let it alone, and slavery will take
j care of itself, with the aid of the slaveholder.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this Wilmot proviso with
; me is, as I have already said upon this floor, in days
! gone by, in reference to this bill, not a sine qua
, non. I will vote for it with or without the proviso.
| I prefer to vole for the bill Tvith it. After what
| has taken place on this subject, I dare not, in ref-
erence to public opinion in the North, vote against
i it. I think it is time to yield, and not to set up
j here my private opinion in regard to the precise
! time when this measure should be carried. I mean
j to carry out the enlightened judgment of the North
; so far as I know it, if the sky falls; but I do not
. believe the sky will fall in this century.
I shall vote for the three million bill to prosecute
■ the war or to consummate an honorable and ad-
vantageous peace, to define and hold on to this
| territory to make it free. I desire that this coun-
, try, now that we have got into the war, forced
| into it by Mexico, shall hold on to this territory
1 that they have conquered from these semi-barba-
I nans, and consecrate it to freedom. There is
j something patriotic, something elevating in the idea,
i that when we have been driven into a war by a
I semi-barbarian power, that we have already con-
| quered territory which is now within our grasp,
i and which we mean to dedicate to freedom. I
; shall vote for the three million bill, to enable the
i Executive to consummate a "peace advantageous to
| the country. I have no doubt he acted upon good
■ reasons, after full deliberation and consultation,
and with the advice and consent of his Cabinet,
when he made tiwrs recommendation; and I have
confidence in W Administration, and shall vote
