1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
.all war measures and all peace measures which
he calls upon us to pass, which are proper and
just and necessary in themselves. I shall do so
with or without the Wilmot proviso attached to
the hill; that is to say, I will aid in putting the j
proviso in the bill, but if it fail, still I will vote for |
the bill. I candidly believe if you bring in here a I
separate proposition, a joint resolution of Congress, !
declaring the will of this nation tJut this territory !
.shall be oiirs henceforth, and Wever free from j
slavery, you would get more strength for it than j
you would connected with this bill. I fear that '
•some of the Representatives from the North will !
.avail themselves of the pretext, that it is con- j
nected with the bill, and will embarrass the Ad- I
ministration, and will vote against this proviso, |
and yet go home to their constituents and declare j
that they are for it disconnected and separate from j
the bill. Now, I am for prosecuting the war i
with vigor, and with all the energies of this Gov- j
ernment, as bccomes this great and poweifuU
nation. I am not for falling back upon the Riwl
Grande. We would have a border war, a guerill^^
war, carried on against our four regiments from
% now till the end of time—a never-ending war. Tt
is the most puerile proposition, in my judgment,
that has ever been put forth by any gentleman pre-
tending to be a statesman, since the fall of Adam.
A vigorous war, carried into the heart of the
enemy*s country, it does seem to uie will be the
shortest, the cheapest, and the least destructive to
human life. Humanity, economy, everything,
concur in pushing this war with the utmost vigor,
and bringing it to a speedy close—a close that can-
not fail to be honorable to the United States, and a
blessing to the Mexican nation.
Mr. Chairman, much sympathy, whether felt or
not, has, in the course of the various discussions
on the war measures of this Administration, been
expressed by honorable gentlemen of the Opposi-
tion, in this Hall and in the Senate Chamber, for
the poor oificers and soldiers of the regular army
and the volunteer corps who have fallen, or been
wounded in battle, or died in the service, or made
invalids by the diseases of the climate, and the
hardships, privations, and exposures of a cam-
paigning life. I cannot imagine why these pictures
of death and suffering, incident to a service of this
nature, have been at this time held up to the coun-
try in such ghastly features and with such doleful
sounds of mourning and lamentation, unless to dis-
courage inlistments in the American army, and
under false pretence of sympathy for the suffering,
to impede the war on our part, and give aid and
comfort to the enemy. However that may be,
and I leave it to each one to draw his own infer-
ence, certain it is, the officers and soldiers, and the
friends of the fallen for whom these tears have
been shed, will not thank them for it. The officers
and soldiers of the army, knowing the perils of
the service, voluntarily went into it, and took their
chance for the honor and the glory and the emolu-
ment resulting from it, and thousands upon thou-
sands of others strove for their places, and were
chagrined and disappointed in not obtaining them.
The gory bed to them is the bed of glory—
" Dulce et decorum est pro patn& raori."
They despise their hypocritical and feminine tears
as derogatory to their character as brave men and
patriots. In war, Scotchmen should hear Bruce's
Address, Frenchmen the Marseilles Hymn, Eng-
lishmen Britannia Rules the Waves, and Americans
the Star-spangled Banner and the national air of
Yankee Doodle. These solemn dirges of mock
philanthropy which have greeted our ears are not
calculated to make our people brave. The states
men of the Opposition had better have left this
pious work, in which they have been so much en-
gaged, to the old women of the country; for God
forbid that our young women should be called to a
work so abhorrent as this would be to their spirit
of patriotism.
Another obstacle which the^e lachrymose orators
have thrown in the way of the prosecution of the
war, is the demoralization inseparable from a state i
of war. This they Jiave not pretended is any more J
so than any other; but still, it was a reason with j
them why it should not be prosecuted. Mr. Chair- I
man, though this war was not begun by us, nor is it j
prosecuted by us to propagate religion, morality, the j
arts and sciences, or civilization, yet no one can fail j
to see, who understands the degraded condition of j
the peopleofMexico,that these blessings will follow j
our arms in that country, arid germinate and grow i
.and spread there, to civilize,.Christianize, and mor-
alize, that perfidious and mixed race—a community
of pirates and robbers—and teach them what they
so much stand in need of—a knowledge of humani-
ty, industry, and justice; to their own great advan-
tage, and to the advantage of all nations that have
any intercourse or correspondence with them,
and especially her neighbor, the United States.
Neither the philanthropist, the moralist, nor the
Christian, will ever have any cause to regret this
war, waged against us by this miserable Power, so
far as results are concerned in reference to the ele-
vation of the human race and the peace of this con-
tinent at least. It has become necessary, from her
own conduct and degraded condition, that Mexico
should be made to feel our power and appreciate
our justice, and observe the rules of comity be-
tween nations at peace.
Mr. STEPHENS then obtained the floor, and
the committee rose and reported.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, Execu-
tive communications, as follows:
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a report, in answer to a .
resolution of the 21st of December last, of the
amount of money paid to persons for services and
expenses attending the draughting and perfecting
of the tariff bill furnished by the Secretary of the
Tieasury to the Committee of Ways and Means
at the fust session of the present Congress. Read
and referred to Committee of Ways and Means.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in conformity with the fifth section of
the act of March 3d, 1809, a statement of the ex-
penditures, during the year 1846 from the appro-
priation for the contingent expenses of the military
establishment. Read, laid on the table, and order-
ed to be printed.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution of the House giving thanks to Ma-
jor General Zachary Taylor, the officers and sol-
diers umler his command, for their conduct in
storming the city of Monterey, which had been
returned from the Senate with amendments; and,
on motion, it was referred to the Commiitee on j
Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNG. CHAPMAN gave notice that, at
an early day, he would ask leave to introduce a bill
to authorize the marshal of the District of Colum-
bia to serve subpoenas from the courts of Mary-
land, in criminal cases.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union be discharged
from the consideration of House bill No. 306,
concerning certain collection districts, and for
other purposes," and that it be referred back to
the Committee ou Commerce.
The bill making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30, J848, which
had been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, was taken up; when a motion to adjourn
was made and rejected, by ayes 21, noes 20.'
No quorum .voting,
Mr. STROHM moved that there be a call of the
House.
Pending which motion the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of John Adolphus Etzler,
of Philadelphia, asking the appointment of a committer to
examine certain valuable inventions which propose an im-
mense saving of povvei, money, time, &c., in many of the
arts.
Bv Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: The memorial of Nicholas
E. Thouron, asking from Congress a law authorizing and
directing the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
i^frue to him a patent lor eighty acres of land in Wisconsin,
formerly Michigan.
Bv Mr. ROOT: The petition of citizens of Medina comi-
ty, Ohio, for a speedy termination of the war.
Bv Mr. DARRAGH: The petition of Knox & McLauch-
lin, contractors on Ohio river improvement, for enmpensa
tion. Also, the petition of citizens of Pitt&buig, in tin- Sute
of Pennsjlvania, asking Congress to grant to the Cleveland
and Pittsburg Railroad Company unimproved lamU of the
United States, not otherwise appropnated, m order to the
speedv completion of the work.
Bv Mr. FOSTER: The petition of Barbara Lancaster for
bounty land due her late husband.
By Mi. BROCKENBROUGH : Preamble and resolutions
praying Congres® to giant to the State of Florida the ine of
the St. Francis barrack buildings, grounds*, &c , at St. Au-
gustine for pui poses of education. Also, relative to the de-
posits act of July 3, 1836, and protecting ugam*twcertaiu
provisions therein contained. Also, Relative to the aexmit
of settlers under the armed occupation act." Also, -Motive
to the removal of the Indians now remaining .in Florida.
Also, relative to losses sustained from depredations of In-
dians in the Florida war. Also, for the establishment of „a
mail route from the town of Milton, in Santa Rosa county,
to the town of Sparta, in the county of Conecuh. AlSo; re-
lative to the United States military road, bridge, and forni-
cations on the eastern coast of Florida. Also, relative to
the improvement of the Ocklawalja river, and praying an
additional appropriation for the same. Also, praying the
establishment of a light-house at Indian river. Also, pray-
ing the establishment of alight-house at JSgmontKey, Tapi-
pa Bay. Also, praying the establishment of a li,ght-hou^e
at New Smyrna on the eastern eoastof Florfda. Also, pray-
ing the erection of a light-liouse at the mouth of'Smvan'nee
river.
By Mr. CRANSTON: Resolutions of the Legislature ,of
Rhode Island, in relation to the tariff of 1842 and the Mexi-
can war. ' '*
Bv Mr. SEAMAN : The petition of several of the crew of
the United States steamer Missouri at the time of her de-
struction in the harbor of Gibraltar, praying for relief.
By Mr. HASTINGS: The proceedings'of a public meet-
ing of citizens of the State of Iowa, relative to a railroad
from the Mississippi river lo the Pacific Ocean, oh the plan
proposed bv A.sa Whitney, Esq., of New York. Also, cer-
tain petitions of citizens of the State of Iowa, relative to
ceilain inundated lands.
Bv Mi. TIJUUMAN: Resolutions of the bar of Knox
county, Ohio, adveise to the division of that State into two
judicial distiict^.
By Mr. McDANfEL: The petition of James F. Bottsand
other*, of Monroe an i Audrain counties, in Missouri, asking
the establishment of a post route from Florida, m Monroe
countv, to Mevico, in the county of Audrain, IVIissouri.
By INI). THOMPSON, of Massachusetts: The petition of
Francis Horton and 1-jO others, inhabitants of West Cam-
b)id!*c, Massachusetts praying that Congress would use all
its constitutional power.-> to bring to a speedy close the war
with Mexico.
ftey Mr. LEWIS: The petition of sundry inhabitants of
Farmeisville, New York, praying for the speedy termina-
tion of ihe war with Mexico.
Bv Mr. WILLIAM G. BROWN: The mental of the
Board of Trade of the city of Wheeling, praying.-;CGflgre8&to
subscribe, on certain conditions, for thirty tbousand dollars
of the stock in thi wire suspension bridge about being erect-
ed over the Ohio river at Wheeling.
By Mr. COT;LAMER : The memorial of E. C. Rnlington
and others in relation to the present rates of postage.
By Mr. LA SERE: The memorial of J. P. Whitney & Co.,
and J. W. Stanton & Co., of New Orleans, and sundry ship-
owners and shipmasters trading to the port of New Yofk,
praying that the pilot law of 1837 may not he repealed. Also,
the'petition of James B. Belm, of New Orleans, son and heir
of John H Rehn, deceased, piaym« remuneration for losses
•sustained by the* seizure and condemnation of his property
by the French Govei nment.
* By Mr. McDANlEL: The petition of 29 citizens of Lin-
coln county, Missouri, asking relief and indemnity for im-
provements made on lands which they purchased of the Uni-
ted States, and which have been covered by a Spanish grant
confirmed by act of Congress of 4th July, 1836. Also, the
petition of citizens of Lincoln countv, Missouri, asking
authouty to change the location of the 16th section, in town-
ship 51, range 1, east.
By Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana: The petition of A. A. Gor-
son and 63 others, praying for the establishment <?f. a post
joule from Hamburg, (Catahoula,) to Athens, (Claiborne.)
By Mr. STEWART: The papers arid documentsof Alex
ander McClean, of Pennsylvania, claiming an invalid pen-
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 12, 1847.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a memorial from
citizens of Washington county, Florida, praying
that the unexpended balance of an appropriation
for the improvement of the Choctawnatchie and.
Holmes rivers mav he applied to the further im-
provement of the riolmes river; which .was refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Judi-
cinry, to which had been referred the memorial of
Robert Owen, submitted a report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to which had
been referred sundry petitions of inhabitants of
Washington, praying certain amendments to the
city charter, made a report, asking to be discharged
from their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. A., from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported the bill to establish a court at Key West,
in the State of Florida, and for other purposes,
with amendments.
Mr. YULEE moved to postpone the previous
orders, for the purpose of considering the bill at
this time.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
taken up for consideration, as in committee of the
whole; and the amendments having been agreed
to the bill was reported to the Seriate. The
amendments were then concurred in; and the quca-
tion being on ordering the bill to be engrossed for
! a third reading,
