392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
Mr. "VVESTCOTT stated that this was the bill i
which had come from the House of Representa-
tives. There was a provision in it, introduced by j
the Committee on the Judiciary, which he thought ;
it his duty to move to strike out. - It had been in-
troduced contrary to his wish, but the committee
had overruled his objection. He had doubts
whether Congress had the power to vest in the
judge of the court the authority given in relation to
wrecks. The regulation, he was satisfied, would
be beneficial to the State; and the section was cop-
ied from an act which was right while Florida was
a Territory, and had only delegates on the floor of
this House. It gave a ministerial power to a ju-
dicial officer; and we might as well give a judge
in Arkansas to grant licenses to trade with the In-
dian tribes, or any other power to carry measures
designed by Congress to be vested in ministerial
agents.
He moved to strike out the third section of the
bill.
Mr. ASHLEY hoped the section would not be
stricken out. The provision in that section was
deemed to be within the power of Congress, and
especially applicable to Florida" He hoped no
constitutional objection would be raised against it,
and, if not, that it would be permitted to remain in
the bill. The class of persons on whom it was
intended to operate required,as much as anybody
of men, a controlling power over them. In this
district of Florida they have more property at their
disposal than in any other part of the State. This
controlling power had been exercised beneficiwly
heretofore. No one was licensed without previous
' inquiry, and without satisfactory testimonials of
their honesty, their qualifications, and their general
good character. The law had been tested, and
the business of the wreckers had been regulated
and carried on with more propriety and satisfaction
than before. -
After a remark from Mr. YULEE, the purport
of which was inaudible, the question was taken,
and the motion to amend was decided in the nega-
tive.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
was then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration, as in committee of the whole, of the
bill to make attachments which are made under
process issuing from the courts of the United States
conform to the laws regulating such attachments
in the courts of the States.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate and ordered to be engrossed,
and was then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BRF.K.HK, Hip previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider, as in committee of the whole, the bill lor the
relief of John 1V1. Mooie. '
No amendment being oll'ered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate and ordered to be engrossed,
and was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the select commit-
tee to which had been ref'eired the bill for the relief
of Robert Armstrong, repoited the same without
amendment, with a recommendation that it do
pa&s.
Mr. BRIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill relin-
quishing to the city of Madison, in the .State of
Indiana, all the right and title of the United States
to a strip of unsurveyed laud lying within the lim-
its of said city, and bordering on the Ohio river;
which was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
I he Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Yui.ee:
Hcsolv&d) That the editor** of the Union, a newspaper
published hi On; my of Wa^hi.igton, having,in h publication
contained in <i number or that paper dated ihe 9th ofFcbiu-
ary, issued and nil, led a publu* libel npon the character of
thi- body, !> ; c.vJuded fiom tilt' privjjf genf adnn^ion to the
floor of the Senate.
Be it further resolved. That the leporc of the proceedings
of the Senate of tJv  fth day of Tchiuaiv. m i elation to the
bill entitled '-An act to r<u.-e ior .thnnh d turn an additional
military force, and tor othei pttipo.se-,i-* pnrtial and unjust
to the body, and that the rep..rt-i> for th it paper be excluded
ioi the re&idue oi the &e-Mon tioin a place in the jmlleiv of
the Senate. ® J
Mr. ^ ULEE rose and said, he would endeavor
to occupy as little of the time of the Senate as pos-
sible, while he explained the cause which had in-
duced him to offer these resolutions. Not with
any feejing of pleasure "had he offered them, nor
did it give him any pleasure to pursue them. He
legretted the consumption of time, and regretted
such a publication, unrebuked,is calculated to tar-
nish the reputation of this body, to degrade its in-
fluence, to diminish the public confidence in its
action, to encourage the public enemy, and to im-
the necessity of the rebuke they contained. Had !l pair the usefulness of the body in its efforts for the
the editors of the Union, after two days for reflec- ;; common weal.
tion, thought proper to disavow their knowledge j If there had been any state of facts which gave
or sanction of the libellous matter contained in the ,i color to this assault, or if the editors had' been ig-
article he would ask to have read, he (Mr. Y.) j! norant of the flj&ceedingsto which it relates, there
would have been relieved from the performance of \ | might he some palliation-tor it. But what are the
the duty which was now forced upon him. It
would have given him more pleasure to withdraw
the resolutions than to press them. Instead, how-
ever, of any explanation or retraction of the offen-
sive publication, the editors of the Union had
thought proper to challenge the Senate to this pro-
ceeding, and had reiterated and justified the offence;
so that no other alternative remained to him but
to proceed with the resolutions.
The first resolution charged the utterance of a
public libel upon the character of the Senate. I
order that the JSenate might judge for itself whethe,
the publication referred to deserved to be so char-
acterized, he would ask the Secretary to read th©
article winch he sent to the Chair.
The Secretary then read the following article:
the UWo/i.J
- Another Mexican Victory.—The war now pending
between the two great North American tepuhhes is raging
over
var
leudm;
is fluctuating.
11 The wax rages along the line of operations of our army,
and on the eastern and western (.oa^Us of Mexico, where our
brave soldiers and sailois carry it on, and where s>woids,
small arms, artillery, balls, shell*, and rockets are the weap-
ons and stores. On tins part ol the field oi operations we
have defeated the eneiu> in eveiy conflict where we meas-
ured ana-! with them.
" Tlie floor of Uongiess is another section of the field of
conflict. Thetc the cause ol Mexico is maintained with
zeal and ability ; then1 the supplies of men and money aie
attempted to be withheld; theie the sympathies federalism
aie invoked in their bchalt; there the war is oWndod with
evety abu-ive epithet, and the Piesident of our countiy,
who has so Miecebstully vindicated its honor by his peri, and
butore whOie vigoious arm the invading enemy has fled into
lus stronghold, is denounced a_s a bloody t> rant and mur-
derer. The halls of Shite legislation also, so tar as Massa-
chusetts and North Carolina aie concerned, exhibit similar
scenes : there the Mexican cause has triumphed. We confess
toe dipgiaceful laet!
k< In the Senate of the United States, on yestordaj, the
Mexicans achieved another victoiy. The bill lor organizing
ten le^unenrs ot legulat troop? having been submitted, with
its amendments, lo a committee ol conference of the two
IIou-cs, lhat committee unanimously agreed on a lepoit
which was submitted to them ioi then approval. The
IIoiw of Uepioentattves at once adopted the icpoit by a
vei\ large majority In the Senate it \va<, in ih mo-.t im-
portant featuie. rejected by a majority ot s,i\. Whtn the
icMilt was. a-cei tamed, a dta'tinguis>hed Senator from Geoigia
exhibited the mo-t minked tokens of exultation. It is the
same fcVnatoi who urges a withdiawal ot our aimy tiom the
Mexican temtoiy.
*• Jl Santa Ana, Ampudia, or any other Mexican general,
could snatch fiom om soldieis a coiiespoi.ding victoiy, we
should pia«'e them upon the same elevation whete then
eonipaluot**, tnends,aud fellow-soldieis in the Senate ot the
United States now stand.
'•A> the fuends ot the United State."- have, on this occa-
sion, sustained a defeat, and the Piesident been deprived of
ten thousand icgulais, [ should earnest!} advise him to
tlnow himself into the hands of the people, invoke their
love of country, call out the lemaindei of the volunteeis,and
inevitable sticks will attend bun.
'• Ah (or the public will in tins eountiv, it points to a war
to the knife it nece^saiy, ample mdemmt.v in the enemy's
t< nitoij, and no mote namhjpamby talk about a desire for
. mi
a | M
'aWh.,
r- 71 ot!
facts?
A proviso contained in the army bill as it came
from the House was deemed objectionable upon
the score of its unconstitutionality". It was Stricken
out by a vote of 30 to 18—one "of the fullest and
most decisive votes which evgr occur in this body,
so nearly balanced as it is in respect to political
complexion. Among those who composed this
majority were four of the five members of the
Military Committee, and some of the oldest and
ost distinguished statesmen of the country. The
iouse of Representatives disagreed to this, among
other amendments. The Military Committee of
this body recommended an adherence to all the
amendments; and so accordingly the Senate de- 
tennined. A committee of conference met, and the
Senate concurred in four of its recommendations;
but insisted upon one of its amendments, with a
view to a further conference with the House of
;er u widely extended theatre, and is waged with agieat jj Representatives. It was at this stage of the bill,
mety ot weapans, and military stores. A grealnumber of ,, , ^ nf f.vprvfi«,v nnem-rpnep w«* in
ading champions are tiguring in the arena,and the success h wtll'e a pioce&s 01 c\eiyuay occunence was in
'1 progress, lor converging the conflicting opinions of
the two Houses to a point of agreement, that this
flagrant assault upon the body was committed.
The point in controversy between the two Houses
•involved a constitutional question, admitting of a
fair difference of judgment. Upon a second confer-
ence, the two Houses were brought to agreement,
by a satisfactory modification of the provision,
and the bill was passed.
It will be very evident to all the world, that
upon this statement of the facts, to the correctness
of which the whole Senate will witness, the pub-
lication which has been read is in all respects not
only a " libel" upon this body, but one of a most
gross and inexcusable character.
Are the editors of the paper in which it appear-
ed justly amenable to censure, on account of ihe
utterance of that libel?
In the first place, I regard the conductors of a
public press absolutely and directly responsible for
all the contents of their paper. They are bound
to scrutinize all matter to which they give pub-
licity, and are justly amenable to the public judg-
ment for all which appears under the sanction
which admission to their columns implies.
But the responsibility of the editors in this case
is fixed more directly by the circumstances which
I shall proceed to notice.
The paper in which the offensive communication
was printed, contained an editorial article upon
the same subject, and incorrectly alleging the re-
jection ot the bill. This editorial opens by a ref-
erence to the communication headed u Another
Mexican Victoryand thus makes it, to all intents
and purposes, a part of that editorial. The at-
tem ion of the reader being thus called to the
communication, by, and m connexion with, the
editorial, the communication will necessarily stand
peace! We want icp nation ibi the past, and security for j1 connected with the editonal in the reader's mind
the tutnrc—and we will have them. VINDICATOR
This language (Mr. Y. proceeded) was used in
reference to the American Senate. A more grossly
offensive and outrageous assault and libel upon
the character of this body had hardly ever fallen
under his eye. A transaction of the body is an-
nounced as u a Mexican victory;" and the ma-
jority of the Senate is classed with the open ene-
mies of their country, and described " as compa-
triots, friends, and fellow-soldiers" of the generals
of the public enemy of the republic. This lan-
guage, applied to the lepresentatives of the sov-
ereign States of this Union—States by whose will
the existing war was entered upon, by whose con-
tributions and assent it is maintained, and in whose
behalf it is waged; used in a print avouched to the
country by the indorsement which an election of issue
in giving color and character to the action of the
Senate. The reference to the communication shows
that the editors had read it. And thus the infer-
ence is una voidable, that it was published with a
full knowledge of its contents, and passed to the at-
tention and credence of the public by the editors.
There are other circumstances which seem to
evidence a wanton purpose to malign and injure
the " Senate." The editors knew the bill was not
defeated, for the same paper which contained the
offensive articles contained also the proceedings of
the Senate appointing a second committee of con-
ference. and showing that the bill was in progress
to passage. In the next paper the passage of the
bill was announced; and yet in the same paper the
editors not only make no retraction, but press the
its editors to a trust under this body has given it,
and by the whole patronage of the Government in
all its branches, and the editors of which are in
the daily use of a courtesy extended by this body;
and going forth in the recognised organ of the
G-overnment, to degrade this body at home, and to
defame our country abroad. It is evident that
Mr. BADGER. The language was, "we claim
the nght to say it again.'"
Mr. YULEE. Yes; and the evidences of delib-
eration did not stop here. The attention of the
public had been called to the subject of an alleged
rejection of the bill two days before, (in the Sat-
urday's paper,) in a strain of denunciation, and
