■304
M :CONGtt$JSSIGtfAi, {JL0EE.
Feb. m,
he be told that the Senate can of itself inflict such
punishment? £f Congress had no longer the power
/to pass laws for the punishment of libels, had the
Senate, alone, the right to .do so, .because of an
assumed offence against its own body? If-we
.were to begin this business of punishing libellers,
where should we end? If we were to punish a
press in'Washington, what was to prevent us from
punishing an editor in Baltimore next, then in
Philadelphia, then in New York, then in Boston,
emd so on through the whole country, until the
word free press would become a nickname? .But
it was not merely the assumption cf a power to
punish a libel here, but to punish without the
privilege of a jury. It was assuming a power
which was now forbidden in the whole orb of
Christendom, which was at war with the estab-
lished maxim in every civilized country, that every
man may demand a tiial by his peers. When we
exhibit such an anxiety to guard our own rights,
it is our duty to be careful that we do not trample
under our feet the rights and liberties of the people.
He would assert—although he knew that all the
decisions of Congress and of all the State Legis-
latures were against h|m—that the privileges of-a
legislative body did not extend beyond its own
walls, and the exemption of its members from ar-
rest. He denied the right of-either House to take
to itself a large mass of powers, under the indefi-
nite term of privilege, which had been exercised
under the old parliamentary law of England, in
the great struggle between Parhament^and the
Crown, for the purpose of using them, not against
the Crown, but against our masters, the people.
Privilege ought to be about the usurpation of pow-
er. Privilege—whence comes it? Privilege was
but another name for despotism. When he was
called to lay the hand of the republic on the head
of an undefended citizen, he nuistsce that he stood
on safer ground than what the English parliament-
ary law calls privilege. He must see, when re-
quired to inflict such punishment, that he was sup-
ported by strong constitutional authority; and he
should not find it in the cobwebs which are bound
round our halls of Congress in the shape of privi-
lege, copied from the British Parliament in the
days of the Stuarts. It was right there—it would
be wrong here. Our object was not to upset, im-
pair, undermine the power of the sovereign, as
was the object of the British Parliament when they
established these privileges. The right to enter
these halls was the rightof every man, and exclu-
sion could only be authorized by disorder which
interrupted the public business; and when, in such
case, it was exercised, the power was exhausted
by the act of exclusion. We could riot follow the
citizen a mile off. He was not going to say any-
thing about the character of the publication. He
stood here to enforce, the right of the citizen against
any infringement on the part of this body. He
might be told this was a small concern*, that it was
only to expel a man from the Chamber. But this
did not vary the question. Could the Senate take
cognizance of a publication 111 a newspaper, decide
it to be a libel, and proceed to act on this decision,
by expelling the editor, or punishing him in any
other way? He denied the powei of the Senate
to take cognizance of any such matter, so as to
strike an editor. Every Senator, individually, had
the same right as any other citizen; but he denied
that, as a body, it possessed the right to exercise
itspoliticel powers to punish cases of libel, because
that was an offence which did not impede the ac-
tion of the body. It was a thing of words—an
out-door crime; and he recognised no right in the
body to punish him who published it. He lntd
no desire to go into a particular investigation of
this case. He was only making his lemarks in
defence of the liberty of the press.
Mr. A. here referred to a case of a Senator who
had used language derogatory to the character of
the body. He was a Senator. How would the
Senate have proceeded to punish him5 The words
were uttered by one who had a right to a seat
here. They were not uttered m his seat. Would
the Sergcant-at-Arms have been sent after him,
and would he have been expelled > He (Mr. A.)
did not mean to go into the common declamation
about the liberty of the press. He would only say
that he considered it as second to the Constitution
only in sustaining the liberties of the people. The
Constitution would soon cease to exist, if the press
and its editors were gagged. JNo man had received
more of the severity of the press than himself; but
he had never complained, because for the.assaults
he had received on the one side he had obtained
.ample indemnity on the other, ^.ehad seen, when
he came into political life, the press on both sides
working with greater energy than he had ever
witnessed before; but he was not one of those who
feared for the result: he had seen thespirit of pub-
lic liberty hovering over the storm. He had seen
in the fact that when our political system was pe-
riodically broken up, every man was invited to
take his part in the reconstruction—the laborer
and the mechanic taking their parts, as well as the
indolent politician—a sufficient security against
despotism; and when he saw a blow aimed at the
press, he considered it a blow aimed against public
liberty itself. Were we to pass a law declaring
that for the publication of a libel, editors should
be gagged, where was the man who would not find
himself in danger of incurring its penalties ?
He had only risen to state the views he enter-
tained on this subject. It was no argument to
him to say thatrthe Senate had done so before.
He knew that such had been the practice both in
the House and in the Senate. Buthe-dmew, also,
that in every case they had assumed a power to
which they had no right. This privilege had no
place in our political almanac. It was like the
right of petition which we had adopted from a
system where people crawl with their prayers to
the feet of the throne. On this account, we found
the phrase in our Constitution and elsewhere. But
it had no right to be there. The people here have
a right to instruct, not to petition. Petition is the
language of slaves; and the right of petition implies
that we are bondsmen, not free citizens. So he
held privilege to be incompatible with the genius
of our institutions. Congress had no powers but
such as are found in the Constitution. The power
which gave tbis body existence, gave it the right to
defend its life during its sessions. If a man were
to present a gun and fire on us through yonder
window, he would not be guilty of 5kny crime for
pointing the gun, but because the bullet came here;
but no libel can force its way through the window
to disturb our equanimity or interrupt our proceed-
ings.
If we were to pronounce a publication to be r
libel, and proceed to trial and conviction in the ab-
sence of the criminal, we should soon put down
the press in Washington city. If we had a right
to expel an offender, we had a right to send a mes-
senger and arrest him, and puthim in prison And
by what preexisting law could this be defended?
If we undertake to determine the extent of punish-
ment, it is simply by our own will. This would
be a dangerous business. No tinkering of an
American Senate would justify us in establishing
a precedent here which would involve the liberties
of the country. He believed the dignity of the
Senate would be best consulted by going on with
its business, calmly, quietly, and carefully. Tf we
proceeded to punish a libeller, it might induce
others to become libellers. Was it ever known
that an organized body gained an advantage in a
contest with an individual? Its general result was
to make the individual more powerful. The peo-
ple usually took part with the individual, regard-
ing it as a struggle between power and right,
j He would say, that if he wished to weaken the
, Senate as an organic branch of our institutions, he
! would encourage it in instituting just such proceed-
j ings. After a while the Senate would make a mis-
| take, and lay hold of the wrong man, and a cry
would be raised through the country that a reform
, of the Senate was necessary. If gentlemen who
j defend this proceeding have taken courage to do it
from the quietude of the people, they may lay hold
of the wrong man, and then there may be an ex-
pression of the public will. If the people should
see the hands of fifty-six Senators clenched in the
; gray hairs ofThomas Ritchie—if they should wit-
j ness & is assault on an old man, almost twice as old
j as the Senate itself—they may wake up, and visit
j us with some severe evidence of their sovereign
l po^er.
I Mr. SEVIER rose and said he knew this reso-
j huion would pass. He knew it would pass before
j they got their dinner, and their dinner would not
; get cold at that. He thanked the Senator from
i Ohio for having read the law of 1798, as it would
j1 revive their recollection of the proceedings of that
\ \ day Mr. S. would also call their attention to the
j! case of Judge Peck, which occurred sho *tly after
h he had the honor of coming to this city. Judge
Peck, of Missouri, was impeached for .having.ar-
rested a lawyer of his court for having published a
commentary on a decision he made in.ihat court.
It was the most imposing sight he. ever saw, when
the House of Representatives marched from their
own to this Chamber, bringing with them the ar-
ticles of impeachment, and when the ablest intel-
lects of that time were engaged in .vindicating the
rights of a citizen against the tyranny of the judge.
After the trial of that cause, Congress thought
proper to pass an act protecting for the future the
citizen from the tyranny of the bench. [Mr. >3.
here read the provisions of that act, by which
restrictions were imposed on punishments for
contempt, so that its jurisdiction was limited to
acts committed in presence of the court.] And
here was an analogous case. Here was a case of
contempt which nobody understood; for this, all
differed in opinion as to what it was. With the
Senator from Ohio, he contended that the contempt
must be committed here, in this body, or on some
officer of this body, and not in a public paper.
But if this Senate should assume for itself the
right to declare what is libellous matter and what
is not, where should they draw the line? This
publication was said to be libellous. It was said
to be a false publication. He admitted it to be
so. But to-morrow, this same or some other
editor may publish something else falling a little
short of this, and would they punish him for
that? On the third day, another publication might
be made, going not quite so far as the second;
and what would they do with that? How
would they discriminate ? Where would thev end?
What standard would they fix so that the people
might know what they might write without dan-
ger? He looked upon it as a dangerous exercisc
of power; and, but for the respect he entertained
for his friends on all sides of this Chamber, he
would say a foolish exercise of power. There
was, too, the case of Duane, in 1800. He pub-
lished a paper, in which he spoke disrespectfully
of the Senate. The Senate issued a summons
against the man, and he refused to obey it. He
was then imprisoned and fined. The same doc-
trine was then maintained as now; but from that
time to this, no man had been punished for con-
tempt, in publishing in a paper that which was
deemed disrespectful to the Senate. There was,
to be sure, the case of Robinson, which came up
during the last session, but for which he believed
he did not vote. That man charged bribery and
treason against the Senate, and the Senate expelled
him; but he had first a sort of trial. He had
charged Senators with being bought by the British
Minister. The Senate supposed it was a grave
question, which deserved an investigation^ A
committcc was appointed, with power to send for
persons and papeis; the man was brought before
the committee, and a report was made. They had
in that case, then, a committee, and why was it
appointed ? Was it to ascertain whether the Sen-
ators had been bribed or not? Why, he supposed
nobody believed that; and yet a committee was
appointed. It was that the man might have a
chance to defend himself. Mr. S. thought at that
time, as he thought now, that they wer^making
much ado about nothing: they were giving cur-
rency to that which, but for their action, would,
perhaps, scarcely ever have been read. Why, this
publication he should not have seen, but it was
shown to him by the Senator from Florida; but
now it had become a prominent matter, for it would
go on their documents, where it would stand for-
ever. This movement to punish would put it on
their archives, where it would stand as long as the
• nation lasts.
i Now, against all these ideas of contempt, unde-
, fined, incomprehensible as they were, he had set
• his face heretofore, and he should do so now.
. But he knew it would be useless. He knew that
, this Senate would expel this editor before they
j adjourned to-day. He saw it from the beginning.
| And if the matter stopped without his being ex-
; pelled from the other House, he might thank his
j stars. But the people would not stop to inquire
i whether it was this publication which caused his
i expulsion. They would go a little farther, and
suppose that it was not so much Mr. Ritchie as a
man a little behind him that was to be affected.
; In these "piping times" of war, not "peace,"
jit might be necessary to prostrate a certain or-#
j gam" The people would think so; they will put
1 this and that together; and when they saw a *
