1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jjg&fc
-whole wing of one party going together-and some
-from his own side going with them, the people
•would begin to think that it meant more than
was necessary to protect the dignity of the Senate
-against the imputations of an article which per-
haps very few men have seen. If this resolution
'Should pass, he hoped, for the safety of the people
*as well as the dignity of the Seriate, as after the
case of Judge Peck, they would pass some law to
define- what contempts w^re. He hoped it would
-not be left as it now was; otherwise, no printer
would be safe.
-He remembered another case which had occur-
red in his time. His friend from Texas, [Mr.
Houston,] before he became a member of the
Senate—for, of course, he would not be guilty of
such a thing now—when he was a member of the
other House, was abused by a member from Ohio.
And what did that gentleman do? Why he took
the case into his own hands, and chastised his as-
sailant. He took a little stick and exercised him-
self in' that way. Well, that became a question
of privilege. It was brought befoie the House;
•and the whole world camc to see the trial. The
gentleman from Texas was escorted daily to his
'seat to be tried: and what was the result? To be
-sure they reprimanded him. The Speaker said, I
am directed by this body to reprimand you, Mr.
•Houston; I do therefore reprimand you, and I
hope you consider yourself reprimanded." Now,
were they to have the same farce enacted here?
Why, this editor has some idea of the resolutions
-of '98. He is a Virginian, and he goes for State
rights and free trade, and he may say that he does
not chose to answer any interrogatories. And
what then would they do ? 'Why they would send
their sergeant-at-arms after him, and bring him
here for contumacy Well, he still refuses to an-
swer, and what would they do. Mr. S. would
not answer if he were in that editor's place.
Mr. BUTLER would say to that editor, under
such circumstances, we have given you courtesies,
and if you do not choose to reciprocate, we will
withdraw them.
Mr. SEVIER. - But some gentlemen might de-
sire-to go further. If he persisted in his contu-
macy, some might desire to put the man in jail, i
and as he went there, he would halloa, Rights and !
liberty.
Now, the more he had thought of this matter, '
the more he was satisfied that it was an unwise
procedure. If not a " Mexican," it would result
in a Ritchie victory. If it was necessary that they
should have themselves protected, he hoped the
Committee on the Judiciary would report a law
for that purpose, so that Mr. Ritchie and others
may know what to say when they dare speak of
the Senate. Here was a man who spoke disre-
spectfully of the Senate. They tried him for the
offetffce. They assumed themselves the right to
try a man in their own case, when he spoke of
them who were but the public servants. Now
had it come to that, in this early day of our repub-
lic, that an American citizen dare not censure, or
if they choose, dare not slander a jmblic man ? He
hoped not. He hoped, for the sake of the rights
of the citizen and the liberty of the press, that the
Senate would get itself into no such scrape. But
he knew it would be done. He knew that this
resolution would pass in some shape, either as it
is, or as suggested by the Senator from South
Carolina. But if this editor had the Virginia blood
in him—which Mr. S. thought he had—when he
came before the committee he would be mum.
His friend from Florida complained that this
editor had not apologised. Could they expect him
to do so with this thing hanging over him? No.
Would any of them, so long as the rod was hang-
ing over them? No, nor would this editor. He
was " old Virginia never tire." Take this away,
and probably he would; but as long as they were
disposed to try him, they must not expect an apol-
ogy from him. Now, offensive as these remarks
might be, there were some ten or twelve on his
side of the House that were as much the object of
them as the gentlemen on the other side. He was
himself one of them. In conclusion, he hoped the
Senator from Florida would withdraw his resolu-
tion.
Mr. TURNEY then rose and said he had but
a very few words to say. But we do live in strange
times. We have been told here, day after day,
that we on this side of the Chamber are responsi-
ble both for what is done and what is not done.
We are told that we are the majority of the Senate,
and therefore that we must meet this responsi-
bility: but, for one, he did not deem that side' re-
sponsible. There was a party in that body that
•might properly be termed the Balance of Power
party, which gives shape and form to the various
measures presented to our consideration, and in
*fact wields their destiny, on which properly rests
that responsibility. Such a state of things renders
it somewhat difficult for the public in general, or
at least such portions of it as may not be aware of
the fact which I have now stated, to form a cor-
rect judgment of the action of the body. It is due
to the public that such a state of parties in this
body should be known, in order that the public
may place the responsibility exactly in the proper
quarter. It has been for hinting the existence of
such a state of things, that the editor of the Union
is about to be sacrificed. * It has been for the at-
tempt to fix responsibility where it properly be-
longs—on that balance of power party, which, as I
have said, gives shape and form to every measure,
and sways the final action of the body, that Mr.
Ritchie has been made the subjcct of the resolution
now befoie the Senate. It is true, that in the pub-
lication which has been read, and which the reso-
lution denominates a libel upon the Senate, there
is an epithet of which 1 certainly do not approve.
But how much falsehood is there in it? Although
the act to which the publication refers, cannot,
with propriety, be denominated a Mexican victory,
yet, in point of fact, it did inure for the benefit of
the Mexican Government. The Senate refused to
give men to fight the battles of the country—it re-
fused to give food and clothing to the army of the
United States—and, in so doing, certainly did that
which inevitably inured to the benefit of Mexico,
with whom we are now engaged in war. I do not
approve of the term, but where lies the slander?
Does the slander consist in calling it a Mcxican j
victory? "Does it arraign any particular member j
as guilty of any particular crime? Not at all. The,
correspondent speaks of the defeat of the bill as the j
result of the vote. How was he to know that the !
bill was to be revived? I certainly myself labored
under the same error. I had 110 expectation that
the bill would be revived. I regarded that vote as
decisive of the fate, of the bill. According to my
views of parliamentary law, I was unable to see
how it could be revived, and another committee of
conference appointed.
But aside from all that, the correspondentstated
the vote, the question, and the result. He stated
all the facts, and in view of them, affirmed that the
whole amounted to a Mexican victory; and we
now find the Senate of the United States gravely
engaged in consulting what punishment may be in-
flicted upon an editor who permitted a correspond-
ent to state all the facts of this case, and then pro-
nounced the action of the Senate to be tantamount
to a Mexican victory. Mr. President, if we are
to take the statement of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Corwin]—very competent authority—this article
has effected great good. It has been exceedingly
efficacious. That honorable Senator told us that
that article " whioped in" the Senators, and caused
them to concur in the second report of the com-
mittee on conference. If, then, that were true—
and who can doubt it, announced as it has been by
such high authority?—no Senator had a better right
to speak of it, as the lash had been applied to his
own political friends—a very salutary and whole-
some effect has been produced by that article, and
Mr. Ritchie and his correspondent, whoever he is,
(the Lord knows who he is, I do not!) deserve the
thanks of the country. The Senator from Ohio, j
who has addressed the Senate to-day, has alluded l
to the sedition laws. I had thought we had done ;
with them. The Senator from Florida says he I
does not intend to muzzle the press. Oh, no ! he
would only expel Mr. Ritchie and his reporter, so '
that he may be unable to inform the American 1
people what their Senators are doing. Are we 1
prepared for that? For one, I am not. I agree 1
with theSenator from Arkansas, that the decree ha s ■
gone forth, and that the sacrifice will be made, I
probably before we get our dinner, because I see ,
the materials unitingwhich are to accomplish this. ;
But say not that we are responsible for it. We do !
not do it. We are opposed to it. Let the Ameri-j
can people see that here is one act at least, for |
which the Democratic party is not responsible. 1
Who are to be responsible? If an editor screws |
himself up to the point, and communicates to the 1
country-where the responsibility really is,'he-is to
be excluded from his seat in this Chamber 1
reporter is no longer to be permitted to state -the
proceedings of this-bo&y. I do not thus speak-on
account of any personal attachment to Mr.•'Ritchie,
for individually, I believe I have a greater cause o*f
complaint against him than any member of this
body. I spoke from a-sense of justice ambof duty.
I contend that there has been no contempt-~no
breach of privilege.
Mr. YULEE. I deSire to know what the Sena-
tor means by a balance-of-power party?
Mr. TURNEY. I mean what I thought that
every member in this body knows. There is-<a
party and a number of Senators on this side of the
Chamber who constitute a balance of power, who
can, by uniting themselves either with the Sena-
tors on the other side, or Senators on this side,
carry or reject any measure they please, and who
have chosen to vote with Senators on the opposite
side of this Chamber. That is the party I mean.
Mr. YULEE. I ask my friend from Tennessee
whether he means to be understood simply that
the Senate being nearly balanced as regards poli-
tical complexion, any two or three Senators upon
one side may decidc a question? or does he mean
to assert that there is upon this floor a separate,
organized party, segregated and distinct, which
acts in opposition to the Democratic party, while
professing to belong to it? If the chargc has dis-
tinct significance, I wish it distinctly made.
Mr. TURNEY. I intended my remarks to have
a distinct character. I intended them to be so dis-
tinct, as without calling names here, that the pub-
lic should understand that amongst the sections of
the Democratic party in this body—for I believe
that it is generally known that there are aspirants
here for the Presidency of the United States—there
are aspirants who have their political friends and
followers, and that there is one of them who, when
he carries his forces to the Whigs, gives them a
majority, and when he goes with those who claim
to be Democrats, they have a majority, and carry
their measures. Now, if he insists on my giving
names, I will point to the leather to whom 1 refer,
but I would rather not go into this matter. I think
everybody understands what I mean, and the
American people will understand it, if the reporter
puts down and publishes what I have stated. I
know nothing of the organization of such a party.
I cannot say how it is organized. The head is or-
ganized. [A. laugh.] The head prescribes his own
course, and the others do not always implicitly fol-
low. They sometimes " bolt." [Alaugh.] How-
ever, when he chooses to unite his foices, he carries
or rcjects any measure he pleases, and exercises,
as I desire the whole nation should know, that bal-
ance of power, small as it may be, which fixes
upon him the responsibility to the American peo-
ple either of the passage or the rejection of the
measures of this Congress.
Mr. CALHOUN. If the Senator speaks of me
as an aspirant for the Presidency, he is entirely
mistaken. I am no aspirant—never have been—
I would not turn on my heel for the Presidency—
and he has uttered a libel upon me 
The PRESIDENT. The honorable Senator
must be aware that (the remainder of the sen-
tence was lost.)
Mr. CALHOUN—if he supposes that I am ca-
pable of voting upon any question with reference
to the Presidency, or any other consideration but
a regard to truth, justice, and my country ! No,
sir. The whole volume of my life shows me to
be abo\e that. There are men, Mr. Piesident,
who cannot believe that an individual is influenced
by a single circumstance but party considerations
or presidential elections, and who attribute all mo-
tives to one or other of these; and I am the mos
misunderstood man in the world by that portion
of this and every other party. No, sir; I want no
Presidency; I want to do my duty. No denuncia-
tions here, or out of this House", can deflect me a
single inch from going directly at what I aim, and
that is the good of the country. I have always
acted upon it, and I will always act upon it. If
he means to say that there is any organised oppo-
sition here, as far as I am concerned, or my friends,
which affects the votes here, irrespective of public
duty and conviction, never, never was a man more
mistaken—never! And I think it will be very
hard for him, or any other Senator here, to speoi.y
a single measure that we have either delayed or
defeated that is necessary to the conducting of the
