1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
only to say tluxt he libelled nobody. He had
a plain, frank, blunt manner of getting along—of
speaking what he thought and believed to be
true. He had spoken in that way of the reso-
lution under discussion, which had called forth
this interesting investigation, and he thought he
had spoken plain enough to be understood, with-
out being called upon to be more explicit and dis-
tinct. Why, even the Senator himself, in taking
his (Mr. TVs) allusions so promptly home, dis-
covered that he was not alogether insensible to
the impression which prevailed among the peo-
ple with respect to his aspirations. But wheth-
er the gentleman entertained such aspirations or
not, one thing was very certain, and^that was, that
his friends would most assuredly run him any how,
according to the information which he (Mr. T.)
had heard, and they gave out, which were to be
seen in some quarters. He might be an anti-caucus
candidate, and if his principles were such as he
(Mr. T.) could support, he would have no objec-
tions in supporting him. But he would support
no man who, in his judgment, had controlled and
defeated great measures intimately connected with
the cause and interest of his country. He could
give support to no man who threw objections in
the way of the vigorous and successful prosecu-
tion of the war forced upon them by a foreign
Power. He had no preferences for any particular
gentleman who had been spoken of as a candidate
for the presidency. He had arrived at the period
of life in which he had firmly resolved never to
form any personal predilections for any one of
these candidates, but to be governed exclusively by
a regard to the principles which are sustained.
Mr. CALHOUN then rose and said: lam really
obliged to the gentleman from Tennessee for giv-
ing me an opportunity to repel a great manyinsin-
uations which I have seen upon this very subject,
and the endeavor to fix upon myself and friends
the responsibility of which he has spoken. He
has got up and made a grave charge, that there
was on this side of the House a party combined
together, in reference to presidential elections, who
controlled all measures in reference to that. I have
already denied that I was any candidate for the
Presidency. I appeal to every friend—to my
friends upon this floor, upon either side of the
House, and to every one in the State of South
Carolina, if my whole course of conduct has not
been this: that I would not accept the Presidency,
unless it comes to me by the voice of the Ameri-
can people, and then only from a sense of duty,
and taken as an obligation. At my time of life,
the Presidency is nothing—nothing; and for many
a long year, Mr. President, I have long aspired
for an object far higher than the Presidency—that
is, doing my duty under all circumstances, in ev-
ery trial, irrespective of parties, and without re-
gard to friendships or enmities, but simply in ref-
erence to the prosperity of the country. If my
life be reviewed hereafter, I leave to those who
may review it the settlement of this question.
What charge has he made out against myself and
the few of my friends who have voted with me
during the present session ? Where has he shown
that we have rejected or abandoned any measures
"connected with the conduct of this war? One
single act only; and that is, not voting for the
proposition for a lieutenant general. Now, Mr.
President, on this we need no apology. That
vote needs no defence.
If the American people have been unanimous on
any one subject, they have been on that. Now
this is only one act, and I am happy that here, in
my place, in the presence of this large audiencc,
to have an opportunity to repel this charge, so that
the whole truth may go forth in regard to it. But
not a single other vote can be shown on which to
rest this charge. For if there had been another, it
would have been added to the long catalogue which
the Senator from Tennessee has drawn up against
me upon other and irrelevant subjects. But there
is another, which he suspects. He suspects that
I will not vote for the three million bill; and that
because I said, when I spoke on the subject, 1 wait-
ed further developments. Was there anything,
Mr. President, in that—tfas the Senator ignorant
that that proposition had been made in the other
House, and probably would be made here, to stick
the Wilmot proviso on it? I put it to him—I put it
to Senators on both sides, who represent southern
portions of the Union—whether he or any of them
will vote for the bill, if that amendment be append-
ed? And because I choose to make this reserva-
tion—(and there are other reasons, not necessary
to be stated at present, equally powerful)—because
I choose to make this reservation, I am to be held
up as embarrassing Congress, consuming its time,
and opposing measures necessary to carry on the
war! Well, as to that consumption of time, it is
one of the most unfounded of insinuations. Is
there any Senator at all, who takes any part in the
debates, who has consumed less time than myself?
I have made but a single speech, the other day, and
that but an hour; and besides that, I have not made
a speech that'has occupied five minutes; and yet,
on these grounds, amounting to nothing, we are
told thatweare to be responsibleforeverything con-
nected with the session, done or not done! Well,
that shows a very deep feeling working within. It
may be there are aspirantsjto the Presidency who
think something may be gained by making these
charges. I know not. Or it may be that the in-
dividual feeling of the Senator himself from some
personal considerations, although I do not know
how this can be, as I have never had the slightest
personal difference with him. Well, he accuses
me of voting against the bill the other day upon
the ground of some constitutional objection, and 1
that I had given a different vote in the year 1813.
There was a bill passed in 1813, but is tlwsre any
evidence that this question was made or presented ?
I believe the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] was then a member of the House. He
may be able'to tell. It is a long time ago. 1 have
forgotten all about it. But, to the best of my
knowledge, I never heard the question presented
as to the constitutionality of the provision, till it
was raised by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Huntington] in the discussion here.
Mr. WEBSTER here said, whether it was dis-
cussed earlier than May, 1813, I know not; but I
know the question was not raised then, nor since,
till now. ;
Mr. CALHOUN. So I thought. But does not '
the Senator know, that in these complicated meas- j
ures, often very important constitutional ques- [
tions may not present themselves! Now am I to be 1
charged, on such grounds, as having changed my 1
opinions—pleading infancy atone time, and dotage I
in another, for such is the language which the Sena- i
tor applies. But again: he spoke of the responsibil-
ity for the war as arising from the annexation of
Texas. I did take a deep interest in that measure
of annexation, and to no act of my life do I revert
with more entire satisfaction. Annexation at that
time, according to my opinion, was a question of
pure necessity. I might go into this matter if it
would not occupy the time of the Senate. (Cries of
"go on") According to my view, the time was
not propitious in one aspect.
The then President had no party in either House.
I am not certain that he had a single supporter in
this; and not more than four or five in the other.
It appeared to me to be a very unpropitious mo-
ment, under such circumstances, to carry through
so important a measure. When it was intima-
ted to me that I would be nominated for the of-
fice of Secretary of State, I strongly remonstrated
against it to my friends here; but before my re-
monstrance reached them I was unanimously ap-
pointed, and was compelled to accept. I saw that
the Administration was weak, and that that very
important measure would be liable to be defeated.
But circumstances made action on it inevitable.
I ascertained, from sources perfectly reliable, that
at the World's Convention, the American delega-
tion suggested to the Abolitionists of England, that
then was the time to act., and if they wished to aim
a fatal blow at slavery, it must be in Texas, and in
order to do that, England must obtain control there.
I received information—T will not say official—but
from a quarter in which there could be no mis-
take, that an interview had taken place between
Lord Aberdeen and a deputation of the World's
Convention. I was then at home in South Caro-
lina, and immediately transmitted to the Secretary
of State that information, accompanied by my
opinion that it demanded instantattention. I sup-
pose that letter and my communication formed one
of the reasons for the movement then made for
annexation. What was then the condition of
Texas ? She was weak, and could not long re-
main without the support of England or the
United States. The British Government saw this,
and commenced its operations under the sugges-
tion of the World's Convention, by pressing
Mexico to recognise her independence on condi-
tion of abolishing slavery. The tnne had come
to act, and for consequences to be met, be they
what they might. I accepted the office with all
these difficulties before me. I said this office is
unacceptable to me. I go in with no small share
of reputation, if I may judge from appearances.
I shall experience great difficulty in accomplish-
ing the object for which I have been appointed
and may lose much reputation; hut I must do my
duty. I undertook it, and when I undertake a thing
I go straightforward to it. I placed the question on
its true ground, that this movement was intended
to bringTex-asunderthecontrolof England, with
a view to abolish slavery there, and through that,
abolishing it throughout the country. A treaty was
formed, and it shared the fate that might have al-
most been expected from the weakness of the Ad-
ministration. ft was defeated. But the Senator
says I had stipulated in that treaty that the Rio
Grande was the boundary.
Mr. TURNEY. I remarked that i had never
read the treaty, but 1 understood that its terms
went to the Rio Grande.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator is just as wrong
in that as in all his understandings. No such thing;
the line was intentionally left open. The two re-
spectable commissioners from Texas will bear me
testimony as to that. It was expressly left open, in
order that the boundary mi^ht be subsequently es-
tablished bv negotiation with Mexico. I know that
a Senator of this body put a construction on it similar
to thato'f the Senator from Tennessee,and strongly
assailed me on that assumption. Bui it was so far
from true, that as soon as the treaty was signed, I
communicated directly with the Mexican Govern-
ment, through our charge d 'affaires, and stated that
I was ready to settle all questions of difference, and
amongst others the boundary, upon the mostliberal
principles. I did not apprehend that war would
follow. But I am held responsible, on the ground
that if Texas had not been annexed, we should not
have had a Mexican war. Is he sure of that?
Why, this is an attack on Mr. Polk. What is
the whole staple of the message, but that the real
cause of the war was injuries committed on Amer-
ican citizens long before annexation? Has the
gentleman overlooked that5 And did not General
Jackson and Mr. Van Buren declare that those in-
juries were a just cause of war ? The immediate
cause of the war, if he desires to know, was the
marching of our forces from the frontier [A Sena-
tor: Corpus Christi]—from Corpus Chnsti to the
banks of the Del Norte. To repel that on the part
of Mexico, is what the President calls an invasion,
assuming that the Rio del Norte was the boundary.
But can that be justly charged to annexation ?' If
General Taylor had remained where he was, there
would have been no invasion.
The evidence is clear.- The fact is and cannot
be denied that General Arista communicated to
General Taylor, either by letter or a trusty agent,
that if the American troops would remain where
they were, (at Corpus Christi,) the Mexican troops
would remain where they were, on the west side
of the Rio del Norte. That both might send out
detachments to the Salt Colorado, (a stream about
midway between the two places,) for the purpose
of guarding the frontier and preventing smuggling,
and that there would be no conflict between them.
If I am not mistaken, this was communicated to
the department, and a call upon it would bring it
forth if it should be required. I think something
to the same effect was recently published in the
southern papers, [A Senator: Yes!] so, then, we
have clear evidence that the war was made by the
order to march to the Del Norte. That the Presi-
dent believed that to be the boundary 1 do not
question.
But the great question comes up, Has the Ex-
ecutive the right to determine what our boundary
I is? When we have a disputed boundary ques-
I tion—and we have had many—does it belong to
j the Executive or to Congress to determine it ?
| There are two ways to do it. One is by negotia-
tion and treaty, to be performed by the Executive •
and this body, in case the two nations agree to
negotiate. The other is, if the party disputes the
boundary and will not come to terms, for Congress
to declare where the boundary is, and maintain it,
if need be, at the hazard of war. How long did
the boundary of Maine remain unsettled ? From
the acknowledgment of independence, in 1783,
j down to the time that the Senator from Massa-
