1847.
T'M congressional «f,
Senate, the Senator from Florida asked him what
he thought of the article in the Union, and he an-
swered that it was a most outrageous libel* The
Senator from Florida then asked him if he thought
it would be expedient to bring the matter before
the Senate, and he replied that he thought it
would.
Mr. YULEE continued. The resolutions re-
sulted, as he had before said, from the indignation
excited in him by the offensive publication in the
Union. The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. SeVier]
had already borne testimony that this publication
had been the subject of indignant conversation be-
tween thenr before reaching the Capitol. At his
seat hei*k, one or two Senators had conversed with
him upon the subject, and he had been asked (not
by the Senator from South Carolina) if he designed
any movement in relation to it. He had replied,
that he thought it deserved to be noticed, but he
preferred some other Senator should do it. He
had afterwards determined to do it himself: wrote'
the resolution, and after it was written, exhibited
it to two or three Senators, of those who were
included in the assault. The resolution was con-
ceived and introduced for the purpose of rebuking
an insult, and vindicating the body from aspeision.
There was no treason in its inception; it had no
reference to the Administration, to President-ma-
king, to balance of power, or any other party or
political interest; but was simply meant to rebuke
a libel. The Senator from Tennessee had done
great injustice to the Senator from South Carolina,
and to all those who had the honor to class them-
selves among the, friends of that distinguished
statesman, m attributing to them any concerted
action upon that floor or elsewhere, upon public
measures, with a view to the Presidency. As
much as he respected the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina, as high as was his admira-
tion for him, he had never ventured—his own sense
of delicacy, and a just appreciation of that Sena-
tor's elevated character, forbade it—he had never
ventured to speak with h'ini upon the subject of his
claims to elevation.
Mr. CALHOUN. Never—never.
Mr. YULEE. Nor had any part of his action
upon public measures had the slightest regard to
any such consideration. He must be allowed to
say, that the Senator from Tennessee did himself
injustice when, casting about for reasons to com-
bat this resolution, he had allowed himself to sink
to the reach of one so unworthy.
It was true—he did not hesitate to avow it—and,
under the circumstances, he hoped he would not
be regarded as doing violence to good taste when
he said it was true tliat he did entertain an exalted
admiration for the great man and statesman who
had been so violently attacked by the Senator
from Tennessee. Who, in all this broad land,
could do otherwise ? It was a sentiment he shared
in common with all who had capacity to compass
his great qualities, and fairness to appreciate his
worth. He venerated him for the greatness of his
intellect and the purity of his heart. It was no
new sentiment with him: he had grown up in the
belief that no man had in his day more deeply im-
pressed himself for good upon the institutions and
history of his country than this eminent individ-
ual; and, for one, he'thanked him, with a sincere
gratitude, for the large services which he had ren-
dered to the republic in the course of his long and
brilliant public career. Sir, (said Mr. Y.,) a nearer
acquaintance with the distinguished subject of my
remaiks has only tended to deepen and fix the im-
piessions which his public history had produced.
He deserves all the admiration he has won, and
more than has ever been yielded. I Ho esteem
(said Mr. Y.) his high and generous impulses, his
profound Statesmanship, his private purity, and
unpretending usefulness; above all, sir, I admire
the elevated patriotism which fills his noble soul,
and the manly independence of character, which,
in its evidences, has given occasion to the Senator
from Tennessee for the unjust attack he has this
day made. Long may he live to enjoy the confi-
dence and gratitude of his country, and the admi-
ration and love of his friends ! Mr. Y. trusted
that the remarkable course which this discussion
had taken would excuse remarks from him which
under no other circumstances he would have felt
at liberty to make.
Mr. Y. said he would call upon the Senator from
Tennessee to show, and would defy him to show,
any evidence of a factious or unpatriotic course on
the part of those to whom he had re'feirred, upon
the measure out of which this difficulty had arisen,
or any other. For himself, the records would
show he had voted freely for all measures neces-
sary to a vigorous prosecution of the war, and he
had done it with a hearty good will. His vote
upon the proviso of the ten regiment bill in relation
to the appointment of officers, was dictated by an
honest opinion that in the shape it was, it conflict-
ed with the provision of the Constitution relating
to appointments. Of the sincerity of this opinion,
the Senator from Tennessee, whose seat is in his
neighborhood, could himself testify, if he remem-
bered the undertone discussion which the subject
underwent around him. He was willing' to con-
fer the power upon the President alone, and had
so told the member of the Military Commit-
tee who was in charge of the bill; but could not
consistently with his construction of the Con-
stitution, vote for the provisions as contained in
the bill. He defied the Senator from Tennes-
see to point to any part of his course here which
would convict him of a departure from the princi-
ples of the political party to which they mutually
belonged. He would always employ his best
judgment in applying those principles to the meas-
ures and policy of the country, and might thus
sometimes differ from his political friends, though
not more frequently than the Senator himself; but
he challenged any evidence of his being wanting
m a hearty and cordial sympathy with his political
associates. So far from it, he had sacrificed much
of his personal partialities and predilections of sen-
timent in the earnest endeavor, since he had been
here, to preserve harmony.
He regretted that he had been under the neces-
sity of taking up so much of the time of the Sen-
ate upon matters so little interesting to it. He
would not trespass much further. He understood
the Senator from Tennessee to have yielded the
question, that the annexation of Texas was the
true cause of the war, and thus to confirm the po-
sition of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin.J In
making that admission, the Senator had given a
deeper stab to his party than any vote m that body
had done. For one, he denied that position, it
was the injustice, the perfidy, the infatuation, of
the Mexican nation which had caused the war.
And equally erroneous was the charge, that the
Senator from South Carolina had been the contri-
ver of the measure of annexation. It was most
true, and happy for the country that it was so, that
the Senator from South Carolina had borne a large
part in that transaction. His great mind had been
brought to bear upon the negotiation at a fortunate
moment, and through his instrumentality it received
the direction that gave it success.
The annexation of Texas was an event connect-
ed with the natural growth of the country. It
was not produced by any sectional plotting, or
political agency. The fiuit was ripe, and it fell.
It was to the expansive tendency of the republic,
and the spirit of colonization, that the question
owed its biith. A northern colony, under the
lead of Austin, a northern man, planted the seed
which matured into annexation. They went there,
impelled by the genius of American expansion; and
carrying with them the institutions and principles
of free government, and the energy and spirit of
the American character, grew into a nation. The
same principles which are now impelling our peo-
ple to the colonization of the Pacific coast, and the
same spirit which demands the accession of Cali-
fornia, was that which laid at the base of the Texas
question. Annexation was the inevitable fruit of
Austin's colony. It may be that it was precipi-
tated m point of time a little earlier than it might
otherwise have occurred; but, if so, it was pre-
cipitated by circumstances we could not control.
A foreign Power, intent upon its own aggrandize-
ment, and desirous to check the expansion of our
territory and resources, had rested its anxious
eyes upon that promising land. The moment
had arrived when it became essential for us to act.
We acted, and the result is known. The annexa-
tion of Texas, then, was a part of the natural
course of events, and would have occurred as cer-
tainly whether it had been northern or southern
territory.
There were other topics he would have liked to
advert to in this connexion, but he ought not longer
to occupy the time of the Senate. Before sitting
down, however, he would say to tiie Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] thatfor the course he proposed
in'his resolution there was' a' precedent 'at* the last
session, to which he would refer that Senator*'
The cases were precisely analogous—ndt to be-
distinguished in any particular; a precedent, too,'
which the Senator from Ohio united'to create-, for"
the resolution in that case was concurred^ in with--
out dissent.
Mr. BUTLER said:
Mr. President, this debate- has* assumed a'motft'
extraordinary character. It was not my province1
or duty, considering my relation to my honorable
colleague, to call the gentleman from Tenn'essee to--
order. But I must confess that I thought propri-
ety required it, and that it would have been due,
from some other quarter. In this I was disap-
pointed.
What is the spectacle we have just witnessed ?'
Why, sir, a Senator <ff one of the sovereign States
in this Union has thought proper to convert'him-
self info a vehicle to pour out on the Senate all;the .
newspaper slang that he could gather for the pur-
pose of assailing my colleague from South Caro-
lina. And under what circumstances has this been
done? My colleague had not said one word in
the debate: yet he was not only alluded to, but
called up in the most wanton manner to answer
for the acts of his whole life. I shall not go to his"
rescue. Mis rescue! lSTo—not from an assault
from such a quarter. My colleague can vindicate
himself against any assaults, come whence they
may, and he certainly is in no danger from such
assaults as he received in the indecent attack on
him by the Senator from Tennessee. That gen-
tleman has said that, for the remainder of his life,
in political affairs, he intends to be honest. I only"
hope that his sense of decency \tfili grow with his*
honesty. Some men have so beautiful a sense of
propriety that they never can err in matters of taste
and decorum. There are others who, forgetful of
every other consideration, take counsel only from
the suggestions of their passions and prejudices.-
To such persons it might be surprising that any
members of the Senate could prefer to act under
the obligations of conscicnce, arising out of their
regard for the Constitution, rather than yield with-
blind submission to the dictates of party. It is for
having done so—for thus preferring conscience to
party—that such members have been designated
as a party acting in concert, as a balance-of-power
party, to thwart the measures of Government'.
The individuals of this party were too clearly indi-
cated to be mistaken. They were spoken of as*
those who vftted against the appointment of a lieu-'
tenant-general. And what was said of them?
Why, that they not only constituted a subserviefrfc
faction, but a treacherous faction, that professed to
act with one party while it really cooperated with
another for the purpose of carrying out an unpa-
triotic opposition. I cannot sit with patience and
hear myself thus unworthily spoken of. I owe it
to the State which I represent, to repel such re- 1
marks in the spirit of indignant rebuke. **
1 cannot tell to what motive to attribute the vir-
ulent remarks of the gentleman. Was it vanity?
or erivy? or what was it, that had produced such
feelings? My honorable colleague made, the other
day, a speech which was universally applauded
for its great ability. The gentleman may have
thought it no great achievement: he may have
thought he could surpass it. If so, he has been
greatly disappointed. If the object of the gentle-
man be to demolish the subject of his attack, he
undertakes a hard task. We are told that an eagle *
once, to the great admiration of the other birds,
bore off in his talons a lamb; but another bird,
who thought it no great achievement, experienced
a different fate, when, byway of showing what
he could do, he fastened his claws in the wool of
I the ram; for, instead of carrying off his prey, he:
I could' not unloose himself, but became the laugh'
! ing-stock of all the other birds.
| "Mr. TURNEY desired to correct the gentleman'
• from South Carolina on one point. He had not
said that he would hereafter be honest. What he
j had said was, that hereafter he would vote for no
j man that did not agree with him in principle.
: Mr. BUTLER. Well, that is very honest.
I Mr. TURNEY had sometimes heard of gentle-
| men being indebted for their facts to their imasma-
1 tion. He wisiied to correct the gentleman's facts.
1 But the gentleman had expressed the hope that-
■! he (Mr. T.) would add a little more decency,
ij Mr. BUTLER remarked that he had not aai#
ii add more, but begin with more.
