THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAI jOTrTVES.
29tii Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1847.
New Series No. 26.
sible it might have been impliedly sanctioned
by some of the acts of Congress. At ail events,
he thought it due to the country that their names
should be given, and, with the utmost respect for
the Chair, he must think his motion was a privi-
leged one.
Mr. BAYLY said that the best answer to the
gentleman from New York would be found to be
contained in the report of which the gentleman
complained, and he called for the reading of the
report.
it was read accordingly.
Mr. DROMGOOLE insisted on the point he had
made, that it was out of order to discuss a subject
which was not now before the House, having, on
the motion of the gentleman from New York him-
self, been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. RATHBUN said that the reply was only
to apart of the inquiry that had been referred. But
the residue of the call had been neither answered
nor referred.
Mr. BAYLY thought it due to the Secretary of
the Treasury that an explanation should be given
in reply. As to the iliegalit)^ of the employment
of these several inspectors, they differed m nothing
from any other inspectors of the customs save in
this, that their names were not published; and the
necessity for this was obvious, as, if their names
were known to the smugglers, their principal use-
fulness would be at an end. As to the character
■of the men, he knew nothing. They were not ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, but by
the collectors of each district. He understood the
present Secretary had diminished their number.
There were formerly thirteen; there were now but
nine. And, as for their mileage, it was so small
as not to cover their travelling expenses.
Mr. THOMASSON. Then why withhold their
names ?
Mr. BAYLY. Because the publication of them
would render the office useless.
Mr. THOMASSON. The gentleman from New
York says there aie more of them than the Secre-
tary states.
Mr. BAYLY. Then he states what is not true;
unintentionally, no doubt.
Mr. RATHBUN, (coming forward from are-
mote seat.) Dues the gentleman say I stated what
is untrue ?
The CHAIR. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield the floor?
Mr. BAYLY. I do not.
Mr. RATHBUN. Neither this gentleman nor
any other shall say such a thing of me.
The CHAIR. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield the floor?
Mr. BAYLY. I do not.
Mr. RATHBUN. I must have the floor.
The CHAIR called to order.
Mr. RATHBUN. The gentleman must yield
it—he will yield it, I am sure. I stated that I had
letters from the most respectable men in my State,
which stated that there are at least seventeen of
these men—fifteen in the State of New York, and
-one in New Jersey, and [the remainder of the sen-
tence was not heard by the reporter.] I am told
the gentleman said that I had stated what was not
true. I did not myself hear the remark. !
Mr. THOMASSON here explained. He had \
observed that the gentleman from New York said I
he had letters which stated a larger number than 1
that in the report. J
Mr. BAYLY. It is strange that my words are
so often perverted. I said that the gentleman had,
unintentionally no doubt, stated what was not the
fact. I say now that the intelligence of the gentle-
man is not true. I charged no falsehood on the
gentleman, and so stated at the time. It is strange
that there is an effort to misrepresent me. But it
cannot be done: it shall not be done. The Secre-
tary knows better than these letter-writers, and he
says there are but nine. The intention in employ-
ing them is to prevent smuggling; but if their names
were made public, the very design of their employ-
ment would be frustrated. The only effect would
be a wholesale removal of the whole of these men.
26
Mr. B. could not believe that the object of the gen-
tleman's call was to create vacancies for friends:
he imputed no such intention. He ought to add,
that there had been officers of this description em-
ployed ever since the foundation of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. COBB moved to lay the appeal ou the table.
And, after an explanation by the CHAIR, the
j motion prevailed, and the appeal was laid on the
I table.
[This disposition of the appeal is equivalent,
under the uniform practice of the House, to an
affirmation by the House of the decision of the
Speaker.]
; The House then resumed (from yesterday) the
| consideration of business on the Speaker's table.
; The bill of the House making appropriations for
j the payment of revolutionary and other pensions
j of the United States, for the year ending June 30,
! 1848, which had been returned from the Senate
! with amendments, was taken up, and referred to
| the Committee of Ways and Means.
| The joint resolution authorizing and directing
- the examination and settlement of the claims of
' Alexander M. Cumming, which was returned from
: the Senate with amendments, was taken up and
' referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act for
the relief of Thomas Blanchard," was taken up
and read a first and second time; when—
Mr. HENLEY stated that the Committee on
Patents had examined the case, and had decided
that it ought to pass.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to
change the time of holding one of the terms of the !
Circuit Court of the United States for the district
of North Carolina," was next taken up, and read
a first and second time; when—
Mr. DOBBIN rose and said: Mr. Speaker, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to put
this bill on its passage. I understand that an act
of Congress makes it incumbent on a judge of the
Supreme Court to be present at one term, at least,
of the circuit courts. The alteration proposed in
this bill is required, I understand, because his
honor Judge Wayne will be compelled to hold a
court in Georgia duiing the June term of the court
in North Carolina, and to attend the Supreme
Court in Washington during the December term.
This bill will enable him to attend the November
term of his court in North Carolina.
The bill was then, by general consent, read a
third time and passed, and returned to the Senate.
The following other bills and resolutions from
the Senate were severally read a first and second
time, and referred to the appropriate committees:
An act for the relief of Joseph Wilson;
An act granting a pension to John Clark,
An act for the relief of Shadrach Gillet and
others;
An act to amend an act confirming certain land
claims in the State of Michigan;
An act granting a pension to Joseph Morrison;
An act for the relief of Thomas Brownwell;
An act for the relief of Thomas Douglass, late
United States Attorney for East Florida;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
I of Jacques Moulon;
I An act for the relief of George Gordon;
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall;
An act for the relief of Thomas Rhodes;
An act for the relief of the personal representa-
tive of William A. Slacum, deceased;
An act for the relief of Madison Allen;
An act for the relief of Peter Capello, adminis- ,
trator of Andrew Capello, deceased, and for the I
relief of John Capello; j
An act for the relief of Francis Summeraner;
An act for the relief of Peter Frost;
A resolution in favor of David Shaw and Sol.
! T. Corser;
S A resolution for the relief of Orlando Saltmarsh
| and William Fuller; and
i A resolution respecting the maps and charts of
the surveys of the boundary lines of the United
States of America with foreign States.
Mr. C. J. INGERSQLL asked leave to submit
amotion that it should not be in order for any
member to move that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union rise this evening until
eight o'clock.
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
entertained by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order, because the House was already acting un-
der a suspension of the rules on a special order,
and two suspensions could not take place at the
i same time.
; Mr. INGERSOLL then changed the character
j of his motion, so as to provide that all debate
! in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union on the three million bill, should terminate
! on Monday next at 12 m.
; And Mr. I. demanded the previous question,
i Mr. DANIEL made an earnest but ineffectual
| appeal in favor of private claimants, (to whom, by
! the rules, this day and to-morrow legitimately
j belong.)
| Mr. COCKE moved that the resolution be laid
on the table; which motion was rejected.
The second for the previous question was then
renewed; and the main question was ordered to
be now taken.
Mr. PENDLETON asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—
Yeas 95, nays 63.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARROLL asked Mr. T. to waive the mo-
tion, to enable him (Mr. C.) to report back from
the Committee on Military Affairs the joint resolu-
tion of thanks to General Taylor, &c.
Mr. THOMPSON declined to waive the motion.
And the question having been taken thereon,
and decided in the affirmative,
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Norris
in the chair,) and resumed the discussion of the
bill to appropriate three millions of dollars to en-
able the President to enter upon negotiations for
the restoration of peace with Mexico.
Mr. STEPHENS was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour on the
subject of the war, which he designated as alto-
gether aggressive. After denouncing the inter-
ference of the Executive with the right of discus-
sion here, he proceeded to inquire what was the
object of the war. l ie noticed the declaration of
the President that it was not waged with a view to
conquest, and declared that he would not do the
President the injustice to believe him. He (Mr.
S.) contended that the question ought now to be
settled what the object of the war was. If it was
intended as a war of conquest, let members say so
by their votes; let that opinion be fully expressed
to the people. For what else, he asked, ought a
war to be waged against Mexico, except for a
settlement of our boundary and the adjustment
ment of our claims? We had no semblance of a
pretext for war, except upon these two grounds.
If there were any other object, it was for the di-
rect and settled purpose of conquest; and that he
believed to have been its main objcct. He de-
clared himself opposed to the conquest and dis-
memberment of Mexico, either for the expenses of
the war or for the satisfaction or indemnity of our
citizens.
He avowed his opposition to the bill under con-
sideration. If, however, any territory should be
acquired, against which he utterly protested, he
was in favor of settling, in advance, the agitating
question involved in the Wiimot proviso, and to
which he expressed his strenuous opposition.
Mr. DILLINGHAM next obtained the floor,
and said: He was one who voted for the bill of the
last session, declaring that war existed between
