402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
this country and Mexico, by the acts of the latter
He then believed it to be a defensive war, and he
still believed it was. True, we have repelled that
invasion, and have since carried the war into Mexi-
co. The war being just, this was right; and he
had been somewhat surprised to hear the gentle-
men on the other side of the House so vehemently
demanding to know what were the objects for
which this war was now prosecuted. Would not
this inquiry comc more .properly from Mexico,
who thrust it upon us? For more than a year he-
fore Mexico commenced hostilities upon us, she
had most wrongfully and most insultingly refused
to have any diplomatic correspondence with us.
During ail that time she had been denouncing war
upon us; and, at last, the storm came. Since then,
she absolutely refuses to send or receive a minis-
ter, to make or to receive any proposals for a
and until she will do the one or the other.
MCCIWV J U1JU UliCU iriii / J 11^" iJ
it seems very apparent why we piosecute the war. i| Massachusetts ore tree.
they, at the same ratio, would have been entitled
to two hundred and thirty representatives; but
they are, in fact, entitled to but eighty-eight—
being forty-seven less than belongs to the free
States. Why this disparity? The slave States
are as old as the free; they have the best climate
on this continent; they are not inferior in soil, in
seacoast, harbors, or navigable rivers, to the free
States. Does not the difference all arise from the
evils inseparable from slavery ? Look at some of
the States. Virginia, compared with New Yoik
or Pennsylvania, with a third more territory than
either, but inferior in all things else. Massachu-
setts has a territory of 7,500 square miles—she has
ten representatives here. South Carolina, on the
other hand, is as old a State, is a commercial one
too: she has a territory of 28,000 square miles, and
seven representatives here. South Carolina is
most inveterately a slave State: the population of
And while Mexico thus lefuses all communication
with us, it seems as though gentlemen in the op-
position would pursue a more patriotic course were
they to unite in the prosecution of the war. In-
stead of this, they engage from day to day—my
honorable colleague [Mr. Foot] among the rest—
in denouncing the war and the Executive in anath-
emas so strong, and with such apparent bitter-
ness and hate, as, were it poured upon our coun-
try's enemies, ought and would place these men
first among our country's boldest champions. He
said this denunciation and abuse had no tendency
to convince him that this war was wrong.
His main object in obtaining the floor was, how-
ever, to discuss the immediate subject before the
committee.
This three million appropriation bill looks not j
only to the possibility of a peace, but to a proba- j
bihty that, in that peace, some territory, now j
Mexican, may be ceded to us.
The pending amendment, known as the " Wil-
mot proviso," proposes to exclude slavery forever
from any territory that may be so acquired. This
amendment had been the subject of much debate
already, and he desired to offer his own views on
that subject. He would not, however, discuss the
abstract question of slavery—whether it was al-
ways sinful, or the reverse—or was sinful under
some circumstances, and right in others. That
has been discussed by others, and the Bible has
been invoked to sustain and justify the institution.
Ail honorable member from North Carolina [Mr.
Dobbin] on yesterday went into such an argu-
ment; and ho held up to us northern men the ex-
ample of Aloses, as worthy of all imitation. To
show that honorable member how dangerous it
was to go to the Bible for such proofs, and what
was the example of the good man he wished us to
pattern after, it need only to be said, that the first
act of Moses's life recorded of him after he was
grown, was, that he went out. to look upon the bur-
dens of his brethren, (who weie all slaves,) and :
saw an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew—a master
chastising his slave—and, filled with an mdigna- j
tion natural, if not justifiable, lie smote that Egyp- i
tian to death where he stood, and Imried his car- ,
cass in the sand. j
But he would examine slavery with a single
view to its good or bad influences upon the inter- j
ests of the community or States where it existed. I
If these were found beneficial, and the institution, '
in its social and political influences, tended to bless i
and build up, he would let it extend; but if its ten-
dencies were bad, its influence and existence detri-
mental to the best interests of the people among
whom it existed, then he was bound to vote for
this " proviso."
To ascertain the merits or demerits of slavery,
he should be obliged to deal somewhat in com-
parisons: and though it was sometimes said, that
" comparisons were odious," he begged all to un-
derstand that lie used them in no offensive sense,
with no wish to give pain, but simply to elicit
truth.
At the time of the last census, there were twen
ty-six States---thirteen free and thirteen slave
States. The thirteen free States had an area of
territory equal to 332,468 square miles, and the
thirteen slave States had one equal to 553,051 square
miles—being an excess of slave over free terrntory
of 220,583 square miles. The thirteen free States
were entitled to one hundred and thirty-five rep-
resentatives on this floor; and had the slave States
an equal number of inhabitants to the square mile,
With some pride, I take my own State, and con-
trast it with Louisiana. The latter has a territory
of 48,221 square miles, through which flows the
mighty Misisssippi, that father of rivers. On that
river, that State has a commercial capital of a hun-
dred 'thousand inhabitants, and her soil inferior to
none for luxuriousness. Before tliewhite man's foot
first broke the silence of theforest3in my own State,
the other had some thousands of inhabitants; and
she is now entitled to four representatives here.
Vermont, with 10,212 square miles, situated m a
high northern latitude, upon the tops of whose
o-reen mountains winter hangs her white mantle
from the last of October till early May, with no
seacoast and no navigable river touching her terri-
tory,—she, too, is entitled to lier four representa-
tives here.
A State or nation cannot be without inhabitants.
Hence, inhabitants (men, women, and children)
not only constitute the State or nation, but are its
true wealth, and are, in fact, its glory and great-
ness. Not only is this great preponderance in pop-
ulation in favor of the free over the slave States;
but the whole laboring mass in the free States are
generally intelligent. That intelligence directs their
Tabor, and makes it efficient and profitable. They,
too, have the consciousness that they may, indi-
vidually, attain to all the benefits and honors that
have been reached by their betters: this gives them
hope and ambition—a courage and eneigy that
overcomes evcrv obstacle, and is discouraged at,
no difficulty. The slave lacks all these moral
powers. Hence, comparing them together, it may
almost be saiil, that "one" of the "former will
cha?o a thousmd" of the latter; and " two put ten
thousand to flight.''
With this view, need lie say how he should vote
on the amendment? He would give no vote to ex-
tend the blight and curse of this institution where
it had no existence now. He wished to be under-
stood on this point. He did not mean by curse
any special manifestation of Divine displeasure,
but he meant a blighting result from a known
cause.
He would not argue the constitutional question
that had been raised, whether Congress had the
power to pass this proviso—for himself he had no
doubt on that point—and he thought few had. It
was said, however, by southern members, that it
would be unkind and unjust to them to restrict
slavery to its present limits, even if we have the
power; that thereby they will be shut out from all
benefit m the acquiied territory.
But how, pray, are they to be shut out? Wo
only exclude slavery. Three-fourths of the white
males over twenty-one years old, in the slave
States, he was told, did not and never would own
a slave: all these could go to the new territory—it
would be still the South, " the sunny South" to
them, like to the place of their birth and nativity,
in all but slavery, and being relieved from its de-
grading associations in connection with labor, the
privilege would be immense to them. If the owner
of slaves cannot or will not go, he certainly will
feel that he has " ample room and space enough"
where all was left to the slave and his master.
How can members from the South insist that this
attempt to restriction looks to, and means, ultimate
I abolition of slavery ? He said he was no aboli-
' tionist, but three-fifths of the soil of these States
j was now given up to slavery, and he would con-
| sent to no further extension. He did not propose
to meddle with it where it was; but if limiting it to
■ its preserjt abodes will, as was insisted yesterday
by the honorable member from Maryland, [Mr.
Giles,] tend to swell the black tide till it ultimately
overwhelms, either mastec or slave, he could not
help it. Africa, from whence the fathers of the
slaves were stolen by our fathers British and
Colonial—was open to receive back their black de-
scendants. He did not propose this or any other
scheme for emancipation—it was with those States
where slavery was to find a remedy. He believed
that He who inhabited the upper sanctuary and
governed all things, would yet inspire the hearts of
the slave owner with wisdom to devise means for
the final extinction of slavery. He knew that
southern men considered it a great evil—some so
confess it—others fear to own that it is. A mem-
ber from Virginia yesterday sent to the Clerk's
table to be read a letter written by Thomas Jeffer-
son, professedly to prove that that man was not an
Abolitionist; and yet in that letter were evidence
that its author looked on the institution of slavery
as a fearful evil. He said we had taken the wolf
by the ears, and fear to let go or to hold on: "jus-
ticedemands that we letgo—self-preservation says,
hold on." There it is; while the institution of
slavery is gnawing at the vitals of your prosperity,
you dare not attempt to eradicate, or even to re-
form it. The great fundamental law of its exist-
ence—which is deep degrading ignorance—forbids
its improvement or its amelioration. Ignorance
is the strength of slavery's chains—"Knowledge is
power." This power you dare not give them—
with that they would burst their chains; nay, with
that knowledge, those chains would at once drop.
Mr. MILTON BROWN alluded to the annex-
ation of Texas, and the part which he had taken
in that transaction, expressing his gratification at
the result, but denying that war was the necessary
consequence thereof. He reviewed at some length
the causes and conduct of the war—arraigning the
course of the Administration therein, and uttering
his most unqualified protest against this republic
engaging in a war of conquest.
Mr. COLLIN next addressed the committee, as
foltows:
Mr. Chairman : Strange propositions, strange
doctrines, and strange arguments, have character-
ized much of the proceedings of this session of Con-
gress. Upon a proposition to strike from the civil
and diplomatic bill the salary of the President,
almost all the subjects acted upon by the twenty-
ninth Congress have been discussed.
A great principle of philanthropy has entered
largely into our deliberations, pregnant with im-
mense consequences of weal or of wo to our institu-
tions. It has been approached by gentlemen with
an apparent indifference, which I cannot feel. It
has called out personal and general epithets, which
1 think cannot be excused; and has been debated
; with a zeal, that, at least to superficial observers,
] mk'lit be characterized with the name of vindictive-
I ness. Some gentlemen on all subjects have discuss-
ed the war with Mexico—its causes, its objects, its
consequences. Some have discussed annexation,
Texas, and its boundaries. Upon these latter sub-
' jeots, none have appeared to be more logical than
an honorable gentleman from the State of Maine
[Mr. Severance.] He endeavored to prove to us
that Mexico was right and we wrong, in the war
we are prosecuting. He endeavored to prove, that
! the President was the author of that wrong. He
attempted to prove so, sir, if not mathematically, at
least geographically. He attempted to discredit the
' geographical references of the gentleman from
Eastern Texas, [Mr. Kaufman,] by showing that
[ those geographies, fixing the Rio Grande for the
southern boundary of Texas, were got up only
' twenty-four years ago, and merely for the use of
schools—merely for the purpose of teaching the
i rising generation where and what Texas was.
His authors, however, the gentleman claims to be
older and better. Some of his authors, sir, bound-
, ed Texas on the north by the Mississippi, and
; others fixed the noi them boundary short of the Red
' River. Of course, then, we must presume, from the
! gentleman's reasoning, that because his authors
i made the northern boundary decidedly wrong, they
must have made the southern boundary unques-
tionably right. In this way the gentleman proved
the Nueces to be the true boundary on the south.
Having thus ingeniously proved his premises, that
gentleman places his country clearly in the wrong,
for having claimed to the Rio Giande. The gen-
' tleman, with equal ingenuity, casts his censures on
1 the President. Congress, by its acts, in which
