404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
for the common defence and genera] welfare of the
United States, butall duties, imposts, and excises,
shall be uniform throughout the United Stales.
Now, sir, I can discover no difference between a
neglect to impose duties with the required uni-
formity, and a partial refunding them after they
have been so uniformly imposed. When a uni-
form duty has been imposed upon iron; to leave
that duty a tax and burden upon those who may
use it for agricultural and other purposes, and to
refund it to those who may use it for a railroad
track, I claim to be a violation of the Constitution.
Where a uniform duty has been imposed upon
West India molasses; to leave it as a tax and bur-
then upon the poor man who uses it as a beverage
to give a zest to the coarse fare of his family, and
to refund it to the manufacturer who converts it
into New England rum, I conceivc to he a viola-
tion of the Constitution. When a uniform duty
has been imposed upon West India sugar; to leave
it a tax and burthen upon the man who consumes
it in his family, and to refund it to the manufactu-
' rer who carries it through a process of refinement,
T conceive to be a violation of the Constitution.
Sir, the framers of that clause in the Constitution
which I have before quoted, must be presumed to
have had some motive in inserting that clause of
uniformity. And could that motive have been
other than to introduce a just uniformity in the
effects to be produced by the imposition of those
duties—uniformity in the burdens imposed—
uniformity in any incidental benefits accruing?
and uniformity is required in the etfect upon tiie
general interests, in the direct benefits growing out
of the. application of the moneys received. Then,
sir, discriminations in the imposition of duties,
and particularly when not made with reference to
objects of revenue, but to promote sectional or in-
dividual interests, is a violation of the letter and
spirit of the Constitution.
To impose a duty upon one kind of iron, at a
rate higher than is imposed upon another; or to
impose a duty upon cloth, at a per cent, higher
than is imposed upon the materials of which cloth
is made; or to impose a duty on a piece of cloth
costing six cents per yard, as hi^h as is imposed
upon a piecc of cloth costing twenty cents per
yard, 1 conceive to be as much a violation of the
Constitution, as an imposition of a tax upon New
York, for the benefit of the nation, from which
Boston might be exempted. Sir, attempts have
been and may again be made, to justify discrimi-
nations for specific purposes under the clause in
the Constitution delegating the power "to pro-
vide for the general welfare." An argument can
scarcely be conceived of a more insidious or dan-
gerous character—one which opens the door
wider than all others, to enable the rich and pow-
erful to trample upon the rights of the more fee-
ble—one the most illimitable in its operations,
and one before which the Constitution must cease
to exist as anything but a shadow. What act of
local interest might not be performed under such a
construction, when the mere fiat of a majority of
Congress is left to pronounce upon the contingent
incidental consequences? Fortunately, sir, a ques-
tion of that importance is not left in doubt, but is
specially provided for by the Constitution itself.
By a reference to that instrument, the power to
provide for the general welfare is made subject to
that uniform imposition of duties. Let the pro-
vision speak for itself: "Congress shall have
* power to collect duties and provide for the general
* welfare, but all duties shall be uniform throughout
* the United States." In other words, if the gen-
eral welfare is to be promoted through the imposi-
tion of duties, still those duties shall be uniformly
imposed.
J am well aware that a principle of construction
has been resorted to, to obviate the objection I have
raised. I am well aware, sir, that it is claimed,
that if the duty is made uniform on a single article'
throughout the United States, that a different duty
may be imposed upon a different article, or upon
the same article in some subdivided form, and yet
the spirit of the Constitution have been complied
with. Permit me, sir, to examine this principle
of construction.
The Constitution says: "Congress shall have
the power to lay and collect taxes." But it does
not say those taxes shall be uniform throughout
States. Will any one undertake to say that Con-
gress, under that clause, can impose a tax upon
one State, from which another may be exempt?
No one, sir, will undertake to claim that power.
Upon that same principle, then, Congress would
not have had the power to impose a duty upon the
same article in one State, and have exempted
another from its operation, even though the clause
requiring them to be uniform had not been insert-
ed. Then, sir, the wise men who framed our
Constitution, either inserted that exemption clause
without intending it to have meaning, or it meant
much more than those constructionists are willing
to allow. Had any of the distributive adjectives
been used, (each, every, or cither,) that clause of
the Constitution might have borne the construc-
tiongiven. But it says, " all duties imposed," and
without a violent perversion of the English lan-
guage, must mean all. The word " uniform" is
defined by the learned authors of our vocabularies
as meaning " not variable," " not different,"
"conforming to one rule or mode," "having
the same decree." Can, then, all duties be said to
be uniform, when on the same kind of article, in
one case a duty of five per cent., and in another a
duty of forty per cent, is imposed ? Can all du-
ties be said to be invariable, when on one article
a per cent, is imposed upon a minimum valuation,
and a specific duty is imposed on another? Can ail
duties be said not to be different, when a specific
duty is imposed upon one article, and an ad valo-
rem on another? Can all duties in those cases be
said to be conforming to one rule or mode, or as
having the same degree? Sir, it is beyond my
comprehension, how duties can be imposed upon
the specific or minimum principle, and be made
to conform to the requirements of the Constitution.
Again, sir: the Constitution provides that Con-
gress phttll have power to collect excises, and that
all those excises shall be uniform throughout the
States. Should Congress, under that power, im-
pose an excise twice as high upon the manufactu-
rers of cloth as should be imposed upon the man-
ufacturers of iron, would any one undertake to
justify the imposition of such an excise, upon the
ground that the excise upon cloth was uniform
throughout the States as was also the excise upon
iron r I am much mistaken if such a construction
would be submitted to. I am much mistaken if
the manufacturers of cloths would not throw them-
selves upon the letter of the Constitution, which
says all excises shall be uniform, and would claim
that no excise burdens could be constitutionally im-
posed upon them, higher than was imposed upon
others in the community. Sir, if the letter of the
Constitution had been adhered to upon these sub-
jects, how much of wrong,that certain portions of
our people have suffered, would have been obviated,
flow much of heart-burning would have been
prevented, that hns already shaken our institutions
to their ccntre. How much of those dissensions
would have been avoided, which may yet work
the ruin of our nation. Sir, this doctrine of uni-
formity of duties is not new. It has at all times
been entertained by some of the purest and ablest
ofi our statesmen. The compromise act was the
offspring of these principles. But, sir, it has been
said that the compromise act was a failure, because
it did not provide a sufficiency of revenue That
failure, sir, was not in the principles of the act,
but in those piovisions of the act which left more
than half the imports of the country free of duty.
The general interests of the country were never
more prosperous than under the operations of the
compromise art. To have increased the revenue,
if would only have been necessary to have imposed
the uniform duties upon the free hst; and instead j
of fifteen millions of dollars, over thirty millions ]
would have been annually produced. I shall now !
claim to be indulged with looking at the policy of I
discriminating in duties to promote individual in- I
terests, upon principles of expediency. In connex- j
ion with that policy it is contended, that unless j
our people are restrained by discriminating duties !
in their foreign intercourse, they will work our j
national ruin. j
The time has been when the people of this coun- j
try were thought to be capable of self-government; :
when they were thought to be capable of dictating '
not only what our statute laws, but what our fun- |
damental laws, should be. And shall it now be 1
said, that they must be restrained in their choice I
of whom they shall buy and to whom they shall 1
sell, and that, too, by arbitrary laws, justified only I
by the most violent principles of construction? j
The time has been when it was thought to be |
the work of wisdom to devise means to conduct 1
our Government upon principles of economy. The
time has been when it would have been considered
a most happy and desirable consummation, if the
operations of our Government could have been
carried on without any considerable expenditure.
But, sir, the advocates of discriminating in duties
must consider such consummation to be the most
disastrous. For if we had but little expenditure, we
should require but little of duties. And of course,
if it is of great importance, when our expenditures
are large, that a high system of discriminations
fire necessary, in order to save us from ruin, in
raising the means to pay those expenses, what
overwhelming ruin must be our fate if some sys-
tem of legislation should be adopted to save us from
those expenses ? It has been a proverb in England,
that a national debt is a national blessing. With
some it must be a proverb here, that national ex-
travagance is our national salvation. Consistent
with their expressed views of public policy, do we
not see the friends of the policy of discrimination
resorting to the broadest principles of construction,
and all other means, in order to enhance our Gov-
ernment expenditures ? It is claimed that discrim-
inations in duties must be made for the benefit of
manufacturers, in consequence of the higher rates
of interest in this country, than is allowed on cap-
ital in Europe. Those discriminations are also
claimed,in consequence of the higher price of labor
that prevails in this country than is paid in Europe.
That Ave may understand and appreciate the justice
of these claims, I will refer to the statistics of the
State of Massachusetts. In 1845, the labor of
128,013 men, women, and children, with a capital
of $45,101,217, produced $87,924,083 worth of in-
come. During the same year, the whole agricul-
tural population, with a capital amounting to the
value of all the lands in the State, produced only
the income of $12,667,625.
In agriculture, the yearly labor of one man pro-
duced one hundred and eighty-three dollars in-
come.
In manufactures, the yearly labor of one person
(averaged between men, women, and children)
produced an "income of seven hundred and fifty
dollars each.
Agriculture required four hundred dollars capi-
tal to produce one hundred dollars income.
Manufactures required only fifty-two dollars of
capital to produce one hundred dollars income.
Agriculture required eighty dollars of labor to
produce one hundred dollars of income.
Manufactures required only twenty-five dollars
of labor to produce one hundred dollars of income.
In agriculture the interest at six per cent, on the
capital necessary in the production of one hundred
dollars income, would have been twenty-four dol-
lars; whereas the interest on the capital neces-
sary to produce that income in manufactures*
would have been only three dollars twelve cents.
The tax, at the rate of fifty cents on the one hun-
dred dollars on the same capital in agriculture,
would have been two dollars; whereas, in manu-
factures, it would have been only twenty-five cents.
To look, sir, at this subject abbreviated. On
expense in labor, manufactures stands to agricul-
ture as twenty-five dollars is to eighty dollars; on
capital, as fifty-two dollars is to four hundred dol-
lars; on interest, as three dollars twelve cents is to
twenty-four dollars; on taxes, as twenty-five cents
is to two dollars. And yet, sir, this doctrine of
discrimination proposes to tax the capital and la-
bor of agriculture, for the benefit of the owners of
capital in manufactures. It is contended, sir, that
to bestow special legislative favor to manufactures,
will bestow special protection to labor in this coun-
try. This suggestion can be best understood by
a reference to the financial report of the Secretary
of the Treasury at the last session of Congress.
Almost every answer of manufacturers from almost
every State in the Union, in that report, tells us
that improvements in machinery have reduced the
expense of manufacturing about thirty per cent.
Almost all tell us that for the last thirty years the
wages of labor have remained stationary. Wages
were the same when duties were at 40, 70, or 100
per cent., that they were when only at 20 per cent.
Wages had remained the some when improvements
had reduced the expense of manufacturing 30 per
cent., with what they had been when manufactu-
ring had been most expensive. Whatever changes
had been made, they all admit that laborers never
enjoyed the benefit of those changes, however fa-
vorable; but that the benefits were monopolized
