1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
and enjoyed exclusively by the owners of capital
themselves.
Sir, the advocates of discrimination in duties
contend that high duties do not increase the price
of the aiticle to the consumer. So said the au-
thors of the act of 1842; and yet in that very act
they provided to have the duties refunded to sugar
refiners and to rum manufacturers. So said the
advocates of that act at the last session of Congress;
and yet they almost unanimously voted to refund
duties on railroad iron. Duties under that act have
been refunded on over three millions of pounds of
sugar, and over four millions of gallons of molas-
ses, during the last year. And during the past
few years, over three millions of dollais have been
refunded on railroad iron. Sir, unless on sugar,
molasses, and iron, the price is increased to the
amount of duty imposed, a grosser act of legisla-
tive injustice was never perpetrated than under
the operation of the laws refunding those duties.
But, sir, the consideration that is urged upon us
with more earnestness than all others is, that dis-
criminations for the benefitof manufacturcrscreates
a home market for our agricultural productions.
To a right understanding of this argument, we
can again refer to the statistics of Massachusetts.
In 1845, the manufactured products of Massachu-
setts amounted to $S7j924,033. Discounting thir-
ty-five per cent., (the average of duties by the act
of 1842,) would give to those manufacturers a
bonus, raised by a tax upon the people, of $22,-
795,133 annually. Discounting twenty-four per
cent., (the average of duties by the act of 1846,)
gives annually to those manufacturers a bonus of
§17,017,565. Now, then, suppose the agricultural
productions consumed in this country to be annu-
ally $800,000,000; suppose the population of Mas-
sachusetts to be one twenty-fifth of the v/hole, as
it is nearly; suppose one-third of that population
to be employed in manufacturing:—then, sir, the
manufacturing population would be one-eightieth
of that of the United States, and may be expected
to consume one-eightieth of those agricultural pro-
ductions. Upon that basis of calculation, the j
manufacturing population of Massachusetts would
consume annually §10,000,000 worth of our pro-
ducts of agriculture. That, sir, is the value of
that home market. Under the policy recommend-
ed by gentlemen, we have paid over $22,000,000
annually, and shall still pay over £17,000,000 an-
nually, for a market to consume annually only
$10,000,000 worth of products. I ask gentlemen
to look at this view of the subject. If they call
this calculation theorizing, 1 ask them how facts
and figures can ever be made to produce demon-
stration? Upon this basis of calculation, we have
been paying to the manufacturers of this country,
under the name of protection, over $48,000,000
annually more than the whole amount of agricul-
tural productions which they have or can consume.
Is it surprising, then, sir, that under this system
of creating home markets, in the language of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,]
agriculture has not retained its proportion to the
growing population of the country? Is it sur-
prising that the agricultural population of New
York hasdiminished within the lastfive years? Is
it surprising that agricultural products generally had
depreciated in price over forty per cent, since 1841,
or that the gross value of the agricultural products
of New York was worth many millions less in
1845 than they were in 1840? Is it surprising that
the gross value of agricultural products had dimin-
ished in Massachusetts near four millions of dol-
lars between 1841 and 1842, as the census shows?
Is it surprising that nine millions of pounds of
wool grown in New York was worth more, by
$700,000, in 1840, than thirteen millions of pounds
of wool is worth at the present prices? Is it at all
surprising that manufactures have advanced be-
yond the proportion of our growing population
during this same time ? Is it not surprising, sir, that
the people of this country have so long tolerated a
system so unequal, so oppressive, so unjust >
In common with my brother farmers, I have felt
the blighting influences of this policy. I have lis-
tened to their cunningly-devised fables and false-
hoods, which have been resorted to to blind us
to the causes which have robbed us of the fruits
of our toil, and pushed us on the road to adver-
sity. I have witnessed the violent struggles by
which a modification of that policy has been re-
sisted. I have seen with what desperate energy
the attempt has been made to retain upon us a
policy of revenue more highly oppressive than was
then existing in any nation on the face of the
earth. I believe it is a desire to restore that poli-
cy, which is one of the strongest motives in oppo-
sing a duty upon tea and coffee. I believe the
levying that duty for the purposes of the war will
assist m protecting us against the reestablishment
of that or a similar policy. It is this conviction
that has prompted me in going more largely into
this subject than I otherwise should have done. j
Avarice, sir, was never satisfied by indulgence, "
nor ambition surfeited by gratification. Those
who have enjoyed contributions upon the people
for the last quarter of a century, will not quietly
submit to a deprivation of any of their spoils.
Office-seekers and legislators will be found willing
to make with them common cause. There will be
an effort to put again upon us the yoke of 1842. jj
The struggle must come. Whether at this session, |i
the next, or after the nation has been convulsed at j!
another election, I know not; but the struggle j|
will come. To the friends of justice, of the peo- l|
pie's rights, of their country's good, we must look jj
to save us again from the vortex of oppression. ''
But, sir, if the doctrine of special and partial ')
legislation is to be insisted upon—if the doctrine of i!
legislative protection is to prevail in this country, I1
then, certainly, its benefits should not be confined
to the few, but should be directly for the benefit of 5
the greater portion, if not for the whole of our |
population. No considerable interest should be
left to the uncertain tenure of contingent, incidental '
consequences. Under this view of the case, the ,
agricultural interest should be one specially to re- ;
ceive the direct benefits, by way of legislation. I j
will venture to suggest, then, the propriety of j
ascertaining the average export valuation on all
the staple articles of agriculture, for the last ten .j
years: the grain, flour, wool, provisions, &c,« of Ii
the North; the cotton, tobacco, rice, sugar, &c.,
of the South. And upon that average valuation to '!
give an export bounty equal to one-half of the
average per cent, duty imposed upon imports.
: This bounty would be special protection to asri- 1
' culture, which gives employment to three-fourths 1
' of our population. At the same time manufactures ,
i would enjoy the protection of the duties, and com-
j merce would enjoy the increased exports and
; imports which a system of bounties may be pie-
I sumed to create. Now. sir, what objection can
| be raised to this system of protection by the advo- '
i rates of th^t doctrine? It cannot be said to be new. .
I cannot claim the merit of originality in proposing i
it. We give to fishermen bounties, and why are !
the hardy sons of the ocean any more subjects of I
bounty than those of the field? We give"to rum I
makers and sugar refiners bounties, by way of .
refunded duties; why are not the producers of flour, >
meat, wool, and cotton, equally subjects of such :
bounty? If it is called refunding duties on raw
material, in one case; m the other, if you please,
; call it refunding duties on the cloth, iron, sugar, ;
! molasses, salt, spices, &c., consumed by the culti- ]
[ vators of the soil. If the wealthy owners of rail- I
! road stocks are deserving of the millions of boun- .
■ ties which they have received, why is not much !
! more so that portion of our population whose |
! sweat and toil procures for us the means of sub- \
' sistence? New York also sets us the example of (
living bounties to the manufacturers of salt. But, ;
sir, we have another example set us upon this \
j subject, inviting our imitation; an example hal- !
j lowed by time, and recommended by long experi- ;
I ment. During the arbitrary reigns of the Tudors
i and Stuarts in England, agricultural exports were '
,! not only subject to duty, but the exporter was
;j under the necessity of purchasing a licensc. But j
'' in 1689, when liberty had commenced to dawn !
upon the British empire, the laws requiring duties ,
and licenses were repealed, and others passed, be-
stowing bounties upon the exportation of agricul-
tural productions. In 1750, sixty-one years after
the passage of those laws, we find that sixteen hun-
dred thousand dollars was paid in oneyear, in boun-
ties upon agricultural exports. I believe that law
now stands in force upon their statute-book, but
for near half a century has been a dead letter, as
their increased population has rendered their lim-
ited territory unequal to its required supplies.
Sir, no reason can be given in favor of protecting
any interest in this country which would not apply
in an eminent degree in favor of the extension of
dircctprotection to agriculture. ^ Should protection
be given where capital is required to be large in
proportion to its income ? For that cause, agri-
culture requires it more than any other interest.
Should protection be given where labor is most
expensive? It is most expensive in agriculture*
Is it desirable to_ procure increased wages for labor-
ers r While in manufactures, whatever protection
they may have enjoyed, the wages of laborers
have remained stationary, in agriculture, increased
wages follow increased prices, as certainly as the
muttering thunder follows the lightning's flash.
Do we wish to be independent of other nations?
Do we wish more—do we wish other nations to
be dependent upon us ? Then, instead of restrict-
ing, we ought to facilitate our intercourse with the
whole commercial world. Adopta policy such as
I am now suggesting, and all nations will look to
and depend upon tis to supply their deficiencies.
Our every variety of climate, our unequalled fer-
tility of soil, our territory of almost limitless ex-
tent, would enable us, by proper legislative pro-
tection, to become the granary of the world. That
protection, sir, should not only be in bounties be-
stowed, but exemption from unreasonable burdens
imposed for the benefit of others.
If an objection should be raised to the system I
have proposed, in consequence of the effect it may-
have upon revenue, I answer, it is an experiment
well worth the trying, to see whether the increased
importations, consequent upon the facilities which
bounties would bestow upon exports, would not
actually increase the amount of revenue available
to the Government. But should it not be so in-
creased; should the amount of revenue^ over the
bounties be only sufficient to pay the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government, the great agricultural
interest, embracing the largest portion of our pop-
ulation, and subject to pay the greatest proportion
of our national expenditures, if favored with
bounties, would not hesitate to have all extraor-
dinary expenses paid by direct taxation. More
than this: agriculturists might discover it to be to
their interest to have the whole government ex-
penditure paid by taxation, and would be satisfied
to have no more duties collected than were neces-
sary to pay the bounties allowed. Manufacturers
would soon discover that this system would be
holding to their lips the cup they have so freely
urged upon others. I say to tne advocates of
protection, that my policy, if objectionable, is
less so than theirs. Mine would confer direct
benefits upon a large majority of the people; theirs
only upon a limited minority. If, however, this
, policy is objected to, then let this subject be met
: on common ground. Let the whole system of
, protection be abandoned; let the business of the
j country be governed by the laws of trade; let agri-
| culturists be freed from the oppressions and em-
I barrassments of partial legislation, and they will
I nsk nothing for themselves. Give them but a fair
field in the markets of the world, and they will
i never be the suppliants for legislative favor.
! It is urged here, that our whole system of legis-
! lation has been characterized by extending protec-
tion to manufactures. I ask gentlemen to look,
i and see whether a paragraph can be found upon
! our statute books in which any direct or even in-
' direct provision has been made to benefit agricul-
tuic. Why this partiality then? Is not^ agri-
culture the first and most important interest in our
' country? Is it not shown, that if any interest is
deserving of or needing protection, that interest is
' the agricultural? Then, sir, if any system of legis-
' Istive protection is again introduced into our Halls
1 of legislation, the agriculturist should be the recip-
ient. By so doing, we should wipe out a blemish
that now characterizes the legislative history of
our country.
Mr. HARMANSON next obtained the floor,
' and warmly defended the justice of the war, and
urged the importance of a prompt response on the
part of Congress to all requisitions of the Kxecu-
1 live of means to prosecute it. He condemned, hi
j. no qualified terms, the course of those of the Whig
party who were opposed to it, and held them up
! as invariably, when the country was engaged in a
conflict with a foreign foe, being found on the side
, of and giving "aid and comfort to, the enemy.
I, He denounced the Wilmot proviso as a flagrant
interference with the rights of the South, and a
wanton violation of the Constitution, to which the
! South would never submit.
Mr. S. JONES then obtained the floor.
After which, the committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
