406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 13, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was approved.
Mr. MILLER presented two petitions from the
Grand Jury of Washington, asking the repeal or
modification of the act of 1838, in relation to the
circulation of small notes, and also representing
the necessity of providing suitable rooms for the
accommodation of the Criminal Court of the Dis-
trict; which were referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial from ship-
owners of Boston, merchants, insurance compa-
nies, and underwriters, asking the erection of a
light-house on Sand Key; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from Elijah
Cross, for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ASFILKY presented a petition from citi-
zens of Arkansas, in relation to a certain post
route; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from citizens of
Livingston county, New York, asking that the
Tonawanda band of Indians may be exempted
from the treaty of 1842; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Judith
Whetton, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. j
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, i
to whom was referred the memorials in lelation to i
the erection of a new custom-house in Charleston, )
reported the following resolution: ,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be j
requested to communicate to the Senate, at its next i
session, any information in his possession in re-|
spect to the necessity of a new custom-house m j
the city of Charleston; and that, also, he be re- j
quested to ascertain for what sum the present '
custom-house can be disposed of and a new site j
purchased; and to report apian and estimates of j
the cost of constructing a new building sufficient i
for the commercial wants of that city. !
On motion of Mr. DIX, it was i
Resolved, That the hour of meeting, on and after !
Monday next, be eleven o'clock.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration |
of the following resolutions .submitted on Wed- 1
nesday last by Mr. Yulee: i
Resolved, Tlmt tho editors of fiie (Jnion, n novvsp-iper :
pubh-liod jii the city or Washington, havmy, in a puhhea- !
tion contained in a number of that papoi dated tho 9th of i;
Febinan, and uttered a public* libel upon the ch.u • I i
acter of this body, be excluded tiom the puviUgt: of ad- i
niiS'ton to the floor of the Senate. ij
Beit further resolved, That the lepoit of the proceedings l!
ot lite benate of the 8th day ot Felnuarv tn relation to the
bill entitled "An act to raise, for a limited'time, an additional
lmlitiuy ibiee, and fbt otJi<*r purpo *' i, partial and unju-t
to the body, and that the lepurtei* lot thar paper be excluded
for the le-idue of the session fioin a plnee in tin; ualleiv of
the Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT addiessed the Senate as fol-
lows:
Mr, President: The topics legitimately involv-
ed in the resolutions offered by my coIlea°ue, and 1
those illegitimately thrust into this debate, are all:1
interesting, and most of them important. ' !'
.The " liberty of the press"—the true extent and I
meaning of that phrase; the rights and duties ofthe
press; the rights and powers ofthe Senate- thedu- !
ties and obligations of its officers to the Senate, i
though not acting as such officers, but m their pri- i!
Vate capacity; the duty of those who have by (he ■!
courtesy ofthe Senate, favors—or privileges if you "
please—extended to them, as to the use of those
privileges, are the sole questions that on these re- '
solutions should properly have been debated. 'i
But, sir, we have had the question ofthe next i!
Presidency—the annexation of Texas—and |l
who caused the warm Mexico to "exist"—(this !
I believe, is the court phrase)—the conduct of the
war-the three million secret-service money bill— j
and the exceedingly interesting and vital ouestion '!
what constitutes true Democracy under this Ad- |
ministration-—mixed up with no small quantity of i
pungent and spicy personality, all foisted, and I '
SsswSrMUed 10 say'quil* "'resu,ar,y. in this !
We have bad parties counted off on this floor by
one honorable Senator, (the Senator from Tennes-
see;) names given to them; leaders—or at least one
leader designated; the position, principles, motives,
and no very flattering vocation, assigned to that
supposed party; and bold prophecies promulged
as to the course it intends to pursue with respect to
measures recommended by the President, and in
relation to the approaching Presidential canvass.
Mr. President, I desire to say a little on all these
topics; I say all of them, for notice of no one of
them, since they have been thrust upon the Senate,
should be omitted by any Senator who mingles in
this debate, unless he wishes to conceal his position
till a less hazardous crisis may come for express-
ing his opinions.
But, sir, I only wish to say just enough, and no
more than enough, to place myself before the peo-
ple of my State, ant! before the country, in such
attitude, that falsehood can find no apology for
misrepresenting me.
Mr. President, as to the liberty of the press,
there is no Senator on this floor—there is no citi-
zen in the Confederacy, who ismore inclined, from
education and from feelings of strong partiality for
the press, to uphold it in its just rights than I am.
I will state, sir, even at the risk of having egotism
imputed to me, that my father was a practical prin-
ter and the editor of different Democratic presses
from 1796 to 1806. Tn boyhood, I was put to
learn the trade under a Democratic editor; and since
I adopted another profession, I have, from inclina-
tion, generally been more or less connected, direct-
ly or indirectly, with political and democratic
newspapers. Many of the most agreeable associa-
tions I have formed in hfe,have been with political
editors and writers. My sympathies, feelings, and
partialities, aie generally with them; and I shall
ever, I trust, be found firm in protecting their
rightful privileges against encroachment from any
quarter.
But while T would defend the press in the fair
and proper exercise of its rights, in the full and
free and liberal discussion of public measures, and
examination of the conduct of public men, I will
not sustain it when, instead of such fair discussion,
it habitually descends to scurrility—makes defama-
tion its daily vocation, and licentious abuse and
assault on private reputation, its favorite weapons
of assault.
When any press thus degrades itself, when it
thus disgraces the country, every honorable printer,
e\cry true friend ofthe profession, and of the liber-
ty ofthe press, will not sustain such press; they
will rebuke it by just censure, and, if it persists,
it should be avoided as affected with leprosy.
With respcetto individual wrong sustained by a
newspaper publication of a defamatory character,
the person injured is geneially safe in the judg-
ment of an enlightened community; but if not,
he lias full remedies in the criminal prosecutions,
and in the civil suits, given him by the laws
of the country. Indiridiials, whatever their offi-
cial position, should be left to seek redress un-
der the laws. No officer under the Government—
neither the President, nor any member of Congress,
nor any head of a department, ought to have, for
any reason that can be urged, any different remedy
than the poorest and humblest citizen in the land.
JNo sedition law like that of 1798 can ever be neces-
sary or proper, even if it were constitutional.
Whenever it shall be necessary for the protection
of such functionaries from outrage by the press,
the people will have become so degraded that they
will be fit subjects for a despotic government. An
enlightened and liberal public opinion will ever sus-
tain public functionaries against unjust assaults.
Party spirit may, for a while prevent full justice
being done, but eventually, when calm and cool re-
flection re-awakens those feelings of liberal con-
fidence which every honest man wishes to have in
his fellow-man, truth will resume control.
The old common law is ample to afford full re-
dress for libels on personal reputation. Many of
the first statesmen and jurists of this country, have
deemed some of its rules too stringent and restrict-
ed, to harmonize with our free and liberal institu-
tions. It does not allow the truth to be given in
evidence as a justification in a criminal prosecu-
tion; and indeed one ofthe maxims, it is said, of
the English common law is, " the greater the truth
the greater the libel." In many of the States the
common law of England on this subject has either
been wholly repudiated or modified. The freedom
of the press has been guarantied in all of them, by
-provisions in their constitutions or fundamental
laws. The Federal Constitution declares that Con-
gress shall pass no law " abridging the freedom of
the press." In several of the States it is declared
that the truth may always be given in evidence as
a justification on the trial of an indictment for a
libel. In others it is allowed as such justification,
only when the publication was made for justifiable
ends and good motives, of which the jury are to
judge. So it is m New York, and so in the State
that I have the honor to represent. And I may
here be allowed to say, that, in the convention
which formed the State constitution of Florida, I
preferred and advocated the provision, that in all
cases the truth should be received as a justification
of any publication, in any suit, criminal or civil.
Mr. President, I make these references to show
how entirely secure the liberty of the press is in this
country—to show there is no danger of its being
attempted to invade its just rights and privileges—
to relieve those, as far as I am able, who seem to
entertain apprehensions that the resolutions of my
colleague, if carried out, may endanger the liberty
of the press. There is no such danger; the press
in this country is safe.
Mr. President, the subject now under considera~
tion is in nowise controlled or affected in the least
degree, by any of the rules or principles cited, so
far as it relates to the action of this body, invoked
by the resolutions on your table.
This is n:> " prosecution" of, or " snity" " crim-
inal" or " civil," against the editor or reporters of
the Union; the exclusion the resolutions contem-
plate, is not a " punishment" in the legal sense of
the teim, as has been argued here. This is not a
" tiial for a libel.9i This is no attempt to enforce
the principles of the sedition faw of the elder
Adams, as some Senators have urged. Why, sir,
this body, this chamber—could not indict the edi-
tor of the Union for a libel upon it as a body; it
could not sue him in a civil suit for damages. In-
dividual Senators who are slandered may resort to
the remedies given by the local haw of the place
where the slander is uttered or published. As «
body—as a chamber, the law does not recognise
the Senate as possessing any character, defamation
of which, can be made the subject of a prosecution,
criminal or civil. The sedition law sought to es-
tablish a different principle. In this it was wrong.
The Federal "Legislature exceeded its constitutional
powers in enacting it. It was a subject over which
it had no jurisdiction.
But what can that law or its principles have to
do with the resolutions of my colleague? No
more than one of the old blue laws of Connecticut,
or one of the papal bulls prohibiting the publica-
tion of Luther's writings. I was surprised to hear
my friend, the honorable Senator fiom Ohio, re-
ferring to that law. I know he would not seek to
mislead public opinion, or excite unjust prejudice,
and I presume his reference was inadvertent, in
the hurry of debate. Surely he could not seriously
have meant to liken this resolution to a prosecu-
tion under the sedition law of 1798. We have had
also Judge Peck's case referred to by the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas, and the doctrine of
judicial contempts for publishing libels on judgess
commented on, as if this case was dependant on
punciples propeily or improperly contended for in
such cases. This is not a case under the law of
contempts. The character, scope, and effect of
my colleague's resolutions seem to be strangely
and totally misunderstood.
They are no invasion of any right of the editors
or reporters of the Union; no encroachment upon
their prerogatives as citizens or as editors or re-
porters—nothing of the sort. The question they
raise has been erroneously called a question of privi-
lege. It is not. No one contends that any privi-
lege of any member of the Senate has been invaded
by them. There is no "privilege" about the mat-
ter. The consideration and decision of resolutions
respecting the order and proceedings of the Senate
and its rules, is a privileged question, and takes
precedence of others, but there is no privilege of
persons involved in it.
As to libels and slanders on this body, its mem-
bers have not, nor do they need any privileges in
redressing them beyond the humblest citizen. And
yet it is argued here that my colleague is seeking
to exercise some extraordinary power for some
breach of special privilege—some sedition, some
contempt, against the members of this body; that
