1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
he is invoking some extraordinary u punishment" I
for scandalum magnatum of the Senate. No such j
thing; nothing like it. Why, sir, if he had moved
to send the Sergeant-at-Arms for the venerable ;
editor of the Union, had him caught and brought
here, and then required him to beg pardon of the
Senate on his bended knees, or be put in prison or
the pillory, or to take his press and types into cus-
tody,—stronger denunciation could not have well
been used than has been heard here of his assail-
ing that editor, and through him the liberty of the
press, and carrying out the principles of the old
sedition act, and the law ofcontempts and punish-
ment for breach of privilege, and so forth.
Nor do I, Mr. President, regard the position
which the editors of the Union hold to this body
as its printers, as in any way affecting this sub-
ject, or having any bearing on the question. All i
the Senate can properly do, with respect to the.r
printers, is to require them to do their printing
faithfully. What propriety may require of the ;
printers in their course towards the body which
elected them to such office, if it can be called an
officc of the Senate, is a different matter. This is
not a motion to dismiss them as printers, and, if
such motion had been made, I should not have felt
myself at liberty to vote for it, even if the assault
had been more outrageous than that which has
been made. The action of the Senate invoked by
the resolution, in no way interfered with, or im-
paired any rights or privileges the editors can have
m their capacity as printers of the Senate.
The resolution, if adopted, is, in my opinion,
but the exeieise by the Senate, as a body, of the
same right that eveiy citizen has, to exclude from
his house, and declining to hold intercourse with-
in his own domicil, with any person that he be-
lieves has libelled or slandered him, or done him
any gross injustice. This is the sum and substance
of it; nothing more, and nothing else. Will any
one contend that the Senate has not full control of
this Chamber? Will any one contend that any
man may, under all circumstances, insist upon his
right to admission on this floor or in the reporter's
gallery, without the permission of the Senate? I
ask, what right has the editor or reporter of any
newspaper to such admission superior to that of
any other citizen > From whence is such alleged
right derived? I ask Senators who contend for it,
to show on what it is founded. The plain and
simple fact is this: by your rules, or by the cour-
tesy of the Senate vvithout express rule, fand I
have not examined to see whether there is such
express rule referring to such editors or reporters;
or to printers of the Senate or not, for I regard it
as immaterial, inasmuch, if such rule exists, no
one can say the courtesy cannot be withdrawn by
its repeal in this mode by the Senate,) you have
allowed them such favor.
Will Senators contend that the Senate cannot
withdraw this privilege so granted, or regulate it
as the Senate may consider best comports with its
convenience and the public interests? But for the
practice hitherto observed, whether founded on a
rule or not, the printers of the Senate would, like
other citizens, have to take their chances for getting
seats m the public gallery orfgo into the reporteis'
gallery. If the Senate deems it best to make both
galleries common and public, and not, as now, re-
serve one for the reporters exclusively, the printers
of the Senate and the reporters, would still have the
same right and the same privileges as any other
citizen, but no more. The resolution undei con-
sideration does not propose to deprive Mr. Ritchie
of any such privilege or impair any such right. It .
only goes to withdraw a courtesy extended to him, ;
not extended to other citizens, because of gross '
injustice done by him to Senators through his j
press. Suppose there is an express rule giving him
the entre on this floor: can it be that our hands
are tied to restrain us from altering such rule > Can
it be that if we do, we are guilty of a violation of
the liberty of the press—that we virtually reenact
the principles of the sedition law—that we are en-
forcing the doctrine of judicial contempts—or are
exercising some extraordinary senatorial privilege ?
Sir, I cannot conceive of any principle controlling
here, that would degrade the Senate so low as to
compel it to admit on this floor any assailant of this
body. The rules of self-respect and self-protection
forbid such principle.
The case can be likened with great propriety, to
one of association in private life. I ask you, Mr.
President, if an editor assailed you in his press, ac-
cused you of crimes, such as bribery and treason—
would you regard it a breach of good manners, as
an enforcement of the old sedition law, or of the
law of judicial contempts, or an invasion of the
liberty of the press, if, upon his visiting your man-
sion at one of your public levees, and taking notes
of what passed in your house, to misrepresent in
the public prints your conduct and your motives—
you were to direct one of your servants to intimate
to him that his presence was disagreeable to you ?
The honorable Senators from Ohio, Arkansas, and
Tennessee, may believe that it is the duty of Sen-
ators who have been assailed as fellow-soldiers
and compatiiots of Santa Ana to submit in meek
silcnce to the assault, and that if they decline to
associate with the editor of the press making it on
this floor, and ask the Senate to rescind an order
which admits him to their presence and obliges
them to meet him, they are hatching a new sedi-
tion law into existence.
So far from an extraordinary "privilege" being
claimed by these resolutions for the Senate or for
Senators, those Senators who resist it, claim a
most extraordinary privilege for the editor of the
Union. It is the privilege of coming on the floor I
of this Chamber when he pleases, against the pleas-
ure of the Senate—a ■privilege not claimed for other
citizens—and that, too, when his press is made the
vehicle for the most indecorous and calumnious
charges against Senators. I am not included in
the charges now under consideration. I voted for
the ten regiment hill with the clause in it, which a
majority of this Chamber decided was unconstitu-
tional.
I did not so regard it. T listended to the able
arguments of the Senators from Connecticut, [Mr.
Huntington,] and from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] and the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] but they did not convince me. It
is proper for me to say, however, that the prece-
dents cited of alleged similar laws had no weight
with me. I looked only to the Constitution, a'nd
I did not construe it as prohibiting the clause re-
ferred to. As to the act of 1813, for voting for
which inconsistency was imputed to the Senator
from South Carolina, I do not regard that law,
even if he voted for it—and if the objection had
been raised—as at all affecting the question as a
precedent. And the other acts cited were, many
of them, dissimilar in their provisions, taking them
out of the objections urged by the Senators opposed
to the clause referred to.
Being satisfied, sir, as to the right and duty of
the Senate to act as the resolutions of my colleague
surest—if a proper case exists—the remaining
inquiry is, is the present such a case? I knew
nothing of the resolutions of my colleague till after
they had been submitted. I was not consulted
with iespect to them. I had not read the article
signed ''Vindicator," till after the resolutions were
offered. That article no one here or elsewhere—
that I have heard of—has defended. It is a gross,
a wanton attack, on the majority of this Senate.
For refusing to vote for a clause in a bill which
they regarded a violation of the Constitution they
had sworn to support, they are held up as fellow-
soldiers and compatriots of Santa Ana, and fight-
ing the battles of the Mexicans on this floor. The
editors of the Union are, by the acknowledged
laws of the press, responsible for the articles that
appear in it, whether purporting to be editorial or
anonymous. Especially are they so responsible
when they do not disavow such articles. If the
venerable editor of the Union, in the three days
allowed him by the postponement of this question,
(with some Senators purposely to afford him such
opportunity,) had retracted, explained, or apolo-
gized for the publication, while I should have voted
for the first part of the first resolution of my col-
league declaims the article to be a libel, I should
noThave voted for his expulsion. If he had stated
! that the publication of the article was inadvertent,
| though I hold an editor is responsible for all com-
j munitions of this character that appear in his
I columns, I should have been disposed tohavepur-
| sued the same course. Nothing of this kind has
I been done. No palliation of this insult or offence
I has been offered. On the contrary, it is repeated;
1 it is attempted to be justified; the bold stand is
; taken that it was true;'and additional insult is add-
i ed to the primary outrage. I ask Senators if they
j have read the Union of the next night after the
I offensive articles were published—that of the night
' before last, and that of last night? The editorial
first noticing these resolutions is-anything but con-
ciliating to the Senator whose feelings had been so
deeply wounded by the first attack. Heis sneeted
at as the " youngest Senator of the youngest State
in the Union," and in other phrases which no one
can mistake as intentionally discourteous; and so,
too, in the next paper, "Vindicator" is allowed in
the same strain to refer to him as " inexperienced
and innocent," and by name as " not presumed to
know so much,7' &c., and the first assault is justi-
fied openly and boldly. In the last paper half a
column of editorial is devoted to my ^|§i&ue>
written in the same strain. This is fromWeread-
ing Democratic press against one of the members
of that party. And what for? To resent oraVenge
what it deems an encroachment on its right to im-
pute to that Senator treason without his venturing
to resent it. We have heard a great deal about
"union, and harmony, and forbearance," from
this press; very affecting homilies about suppress-
ing private griefs and disappointments, ana about
conciliation, and so on. A little more of the spirit
of conciliation should have been allowed to control
the editor on this subject. He should have re-
flected that he inflicted in his press the first wrong;
and, while he asks the people of this country to
"excuse something to the spirit of liberty," he should,
even if he believed he was right, have excused
something to the honest excitement of an honest
man, accused of a monstrous crime. So far from
any concession being made to soothe the feelings
of those Senators who had been thus assailed, the
wrong is persisted in; the articles, since the first
offensive one, all show that the attack was not in-
advertent, but was premeditated, intentional—the-
result of a determined course, and wilful and wan-
ton.
Sir, the whole course of the Union for many
months has been of the same character. My belief
is, that this course has contributed in no small de-
gree to the present deplorable distraction of the
Democratic party. It has tended to alienate from
the Administration some of the best and ablest
members of that party. Ominous threats of denun-
ciation—actual denunciations of prominent mem-
bers of the party in the coarsest and gro&sest terms,
have been again and again seen in its columns.
What manner of men is it supposed by those who
control that press, the Democratic party are com-
posed of? Is it thought that Senators and Repre-
sentatives, or private citizens, are to be bullied, dra-
gooned, or " whipped in" to submission by such
a course ?
Mr. President, I deem this a proper occasion to
call the attention of the Senate ana of the Ameri-
can people to a hbel on a majority of the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United States,
as gross in terms as that referred to in my col-
league's resolutions, and which appeared in the
Union of the 14th of September last. There is a
long article, copied from the Richmond, Enquirer,
signed "Q,uestor," relating to the French spolia-
tion bill and the President's veto of that bill. The
following is an extract from that article.
[Mr. W. here sent the extract to the Clerk's ta-
ble, which was read by him:]
" But there another fact which I wish to bring: to the
public attention—a tact calculated to startle apprehension.
It was stated in the House of Representatives, fifteen years
ago, by Mr. Howard, of Maryland, that the management
o? a large portion of these claims had been committed to
a single ngent, ( who represented nine-tenths, or perhaps
more, of the whole amount of claims thus depending.' The
amount of those claims has never, I believe, been estima-
ted ar less than live millions of dollars. IVTiat an astound-
ii)% influence mizjit that a«ent bring to bear upon tivc Gov-
ernment! These scattered claims have been combined,
and their whole concentrated influence placed under the
control of a single individual. Five millions of dollars are
sought af the hands of Government by one individual, and
upon a private claim—a matter about which, according to
Mr. Clayton, of Delaware, no one has a right to ft>rm an
opinion, unless he he a member of one of the committees-m
Congrej-s. What a fund—what an opportunity for influence !
Five millions of dollars a large sum of money. The Gov-
ernment, at best,i< administered by men; and, unlets hxtman
nature has charged since the days of Julius Ciesar, we haye
high authonty/or the belief that men can always be hudjor
moncij. It was a novel circumstance that a member should
li^e in his place and read to the Senate of the United States-
just as the vote on the vetoed bill was about to be taken the
rule which forbids a Senator to vote where his interests are
inhsted. The inquny will suggest itself to every one,would
not this immense influence have earned a just claim through
Ion* since
The following is the Union's editorial reference
to the communication from which the foregoing is
extracted:
«It is unnecessary to allude at length to the circumstances
