408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
favorable to a combination of corrupt influences, partisan or
pecuniary, to effect the passage of the bill." * * *
" In conclusion, we lefei those of our readers who may
wish to see a thorough arid searching analysis of tile whole
question, to an article which we copy in another column
from the Richmond Enquirer. It will be found both agree-
tible and instructive reading. It is a fine specimen of rapid,
logical, and conclusive statement
Yes, Mr. President, Mr. Ritchie, who has been
forty years a Democratic editor of a Richmond
paper, now the editor of the organ of this Demo-
cratic Administration, informs the American people
and ^lejrirlii. that the article which is garnished
with mHxtract just read, is: 1st. " A searching
analysis; 2d. it is " agreeable and instructive read-
ing;" 3d. It is " a fine specimen of rapid state-
ment;" 4th. " a fine specimen of logical state-
ment;" and, 5th. " a fine specimen of conclusive
statement;" and he commends its perusal to his
readers, and especially refers to that part of impu-
ting pecuniary bribery to Congress !
Mr. President, can any intelligent man, or any
ignorant man, misunderstand the insinuations in j
tfiis article? No, sir; no, sir. They are "clear j
and unquestionable." The suspicion is sought, in
unequivocal language, to be created in the minds
of the American people that Mr. Causten, the agent
for these claims, had bribed enough of the mem-
bers of Congress, not political partisans, and vo-
ting for it as a Whig measure, to secure the passage
of this bill. Why it is denounced as a Whig meas-
ure, I could never conjecture. Eminent Democrats
in former years sustained it.. It was never a party
question. I voted for that bill; I shall do so again
when it is reported, and shall continue to do so
while I hold a seat here. I believe the claims are
just. I believe their relinquishment by thin coun-
try formed part of the consideration of the treaty
with France. I believe the United States,by med-
dling with them, by taking charge of them, and m
so doing, by preventing the claimants from seeking
redress individually from the French Government,
made this Government justly responsible for them.
I go further, and say I believe that for those spoli-
ations by the French, in time of peace, or at least
not in time of open and declared war, the United
States owe it to their own citizens to see them in-
demnified.
I hope to see the day when this Government,
like that of Great Britain, will substitute itself for
every one of its citizens, however humble, who
may be thus wronged by a foreign Government.
While I do not contend that the Government is
liable for property of its citizens captured in time
of war with a civilized nation, yet I do hold that,
for property captured in time of peace, illegal wpo-
liations, not justified by the laws of nations, or
laws of war, they should assume the redress of
the outrage, indemnify the citizen, and secure the
reparation due. The objects and purposes of the
Federal Government are, not answeied, or its
duties to our citizens fulfilled, unless it so acts. A
patient investigation as to the duties of the Gov-
ernment towards its citizens, made to sustain the
claims of the citizens of the Territory of Florida
for the spoliation of the Seminole Indians in the
late war, Jed me to form these opinions. The
same principles apply to war with an uncivilized
enemy, not governed by the rules of civilized war,
as apply to illegal spoliations in time of peace by
a civilized enemy. These opinions were not only
formed, but were published by me in the public
prints long before I was elected to the Senate, and
before I ever had my attention directed to the
French claims.
I do not know personally any of the c aimants
under the French bill. One, a Floridian, who I
did not know was a claimant till after the bill had
passed, then wrote me, asking as to the character
of the bill, and the probable amount the just claim-
ants would receive pro rata. I handed the note to
my friend the Senator from Delaware, and he ob-
ligingly endorsed a memorandum on it; and this,
sir, is all the correspondence or intercourse I ever
had, direct or indirect, with any claimant, or agent
of any claimant, in relation to the hill. I voted con-
scientiously. The clause inserted in it on my
motion to pay the claimants ill land scrip, was to
save the, Treasury the difficulty of raising the cash,
and to benefit those States in which there were
vacant public lands, among which was my own.
This clause has been grossly misrepresented, but
he would not detain the Senate by any defence of
it now. This "Gluestor" of the Enquirer has
deemed it just to insinuate, and the editor of the
Union—President Polk's organ—in defence of his
veto of his bill, has endorsed this insinuation, that
I, with others, was bribed to vote for this bill.
Mr. President, this is truly " agreeable and
instructive reading"— a fine specimen of " rapid
statement." I think it is rather too "rapid." As
to its "logical" and "conclusive character," I
have to say, that if it is only by this kind of logic
the President's veto can be sustained, or his ad-
ministration upheld, both must be deplorably weak
and in want of logical arguments. I should despise
myself as being the debased representative of a de-
graded community if I did not know, nay, if I
doubted for a moment, the confidence I have that
the people of Florida will indignantly scout such
slanderous accusations against those who voted
for this bill, though they are made in the Presi-
dent's press. I am satisfied the bitterest political
opponent I have, or personal enemy, if I have
any in Florida, will only receive such charge with
contempt. But there it is, sir, in your Govern-
ment paper—a paper that goes to every court in
Europe, that is sent to your foreign ministers and
consuls, that is looked to by foreign Governments
for correct information) as to public affairs here.
What must they think of us if they regard these
accusations as true? Why, sir, this article is a
direct invitation for foreigners having claims against
the United States to approach our public function-
aries with bribes. The probable influence of five
millions of dollars " on Government" is spoken
of. What does this term imply? Is the public
press, is the official organ, is the President, are the
Heads of Departments, are the subordinate officers,
or are members of Congress only included in it?
1 ask Senators to say whether these accusations
are not as serious and as flagrant an outrage as
those which have called forth the resolutions of
my colleague.
Mr. President, when I first read the Union of
14th September, I avowed mv determination to
briKg it to the attention of the Senate at the open-
ing of the present session; but I allowed myself to
be dissuaded from such a course by different ar-
guments. Some told me the accusations were un-
worthy of notice, and that they and their authors
should be treated with contempt. Others assured
me that the editor of the Union would doubtless
make reparation for this outrage, upon his atten-
tion being particularly directed to it; and itwas in-
timated to mo that it was probable the publication
was made during Mr. Ritchie's absence in Vir-
ginia. To more than one member of this Admin-
istration my feelings in relation to those accusa-
tions have been expressed; and I know, and Mr.
Ritchie cannot deny it, that he has long ago had
knowledge of those feelings. No atonement or
reparation has been made. What manner of men
is it thought Senators are, to tamely,quietly, sub-
missively pass by such things unnoticed? I re-
gret that I allowed myself to be dissuaded from
adopting the course I first resolved on; for if I had
pursued it, we should perhaps have been saved
from the resolutions of my colleague.
Mr. President, I will not particularly specify the
repeated, unjustifiable, nay, infamous attacks upon
the private character and reputation of members
of Congress of both Houses, Democrats as well as
Whigs, in the editorial columns of the Union, for
it would he indelicate towards the gentlemen as-
sailed. No one can forget them. Can it be sup-
posed those assailed have been conciliated by such
course to the Administration ? No, sir. If they
were men whose support is worth having; if they
have the independence and pride of honorable men,
they would scorn sustaining or acting with those
who thus traduce them. I tell you, sir, the course
and conduct of the Union, has done as much to
cause the present distraction, the alienation of the
feelings of a large portion of the Democratic party
from "the Administration, as anything else. The
Administration is regarded as responsible, and I
believe they are justly responsible, for the course
and conduct of that press.
Mr. President, as to the author of the article
signed Vindicator, it has been said that he was some
applicant for a military commission under the ten
regiment bill, exasperated at its supposed failure
when he wrote the article, and that allowance ought
to be made for his excited feelings under such cir-
cumstances. I do not think this fact evident, or
the excuse founded upon it reasonable. Nor do I
think that it was written by one of those disgust-
ing characters described so forcibly by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio in his speech last Wed-
nesday. Sir, I believe, and I shall not hesitate to
avow the belief, and I shall place before the Senate
and the American people some of the reasons for
the belief, that the slanderous articles in the Union
which have called forth the resolutions of my col-
league, are but the commencement of a preconcert-
ed, determined-upon, long-purposed assault by the
Administration upon the honorable Senator from
South Carolina and his friends, and not to affect the
legislation of Congress—not to influence measures
for the good of the country, but for political purpo-
ses, and to affect that honorable Senator in the next
Presidential canvass. I do not know that that hon-
orable Senator holds the same opinions—he is not
responsible for those I express—I have not con-
sulted him on the subject. Has any one forgotten
the circumstances of the repudiation of the Globe,
and the substitution of the Union for that paper, at
the commencement of the present Administration,
as the Democratic organ ? I believe I but borrow
a phrase used at the time that the change was made,
because it was "the will of the President.'' The
paper, no one doubts, or can doubt, is under the
entire control of the President, if he chooses to ex-
ercise it. Can any one believe, if the editor should
get affronted with the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Secretary of the Navy, or perhaps any other
member of the Cabinet, (if such a thing could pos-
sibly be,) and was about to assail either of them as
"Mexican traitors," or as having been "bribed,"
the President could not and would not interfere to
suppress such publications ?
The press being thus under his control, I am
inclined to think the American people will say it
was as much his duty to interpose to prevent
assaults of this chaiacter upon those who are his
constitutional advisers—the Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, who are a coordinate
branch of, not his, but the People's Government—
as if the attack had been made upon Cabinet offi-
cers of his own selection. I know it may be said
that he could not have anticipated the publication
of this particular libel; but if so, he could at least
have exercised a salutary controlling influence by
advice before it appeared, by general restrictions
against such publications, over the columns of his
organ. Who can doubt that his advice would
have been potential ? Can it be supposed he was
ignorant that these resolutions were offered two
hours after they were before us' Had he desired
harmony, had he wished conciliation, would he
not have repressed the influences which induced
the publication of the series of assaults by which
the first had been followed up ? Again, the course
pursued in this Chamber on these resolutions,
especially that of the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, the only Democratic Senator from the
President's own State, who, according to the natu-
ral order of things, would be selected on this floor
as his mouthpiece, expressing his views and opin-
ions on this sub ject, has confirmed me in the belief
I have expressed as to the objects and purposes of
this attack. The honorable Senator gave a point
and direction to the attack in a mode and manner
that no one could mistake; and m referring to the
next Presidential canvass, to the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and to a supposed "bal-
ance-of-power party existing here," led by the
honorable Senator, coalescing with the Whigs in
their votes so as to affect the next Presidential
election, what could the Senator from Tennessee
have meant but that the Senator from South Caro-
lina and his friends were seeking to advance his
prospects for the next Presidency, at the expense
of some candidate to be proposed as the candidate
of the Administration ?
Mr. President, has it come to this, that the sim-
ple fact of the friends of any distinguished states-
man of this country preferring him for the Presi-
dency to any member of an Administration in
power, is a sufficient justification for the Adminis-
tration press denouncing him and his friends as
traitors, if peradventure they should differ with
such an Administration on a question of constitu-
tional law? Mr. President, I do not believe that
the people of this country are so devoted or so
wedded to Mr. Polk and his Administration as
to justify such assaults, or to countenance such
mode of political warfare. Sir, I will express my
opinion on that subject. I do believe, that if Mr.
Polk ventures to become a candidate at the next
presidential election, there is not a prominent mem-
ber of the Democratic party that has been spoken
