410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
of a single foot of territory till that question is
adjusted.
I should much prefer to see our forces with-
drawn and the war abandoned, than to see this
Confederacy in danger o£a dissolution by the.agi-
tation of this question, l hope and trust no such
alternative will be presented me, and that in voting
for men and money to carry on the war, I may do
so with the assurance that it is for the common
glory and common interest of every section of the
Union, and every portion of the American people.
When I am satisfied it will not be the case, if no
other Senator on this floor votes against its further
prosecution, I shall.
There is one subject in which I most cordially
a<ree in sentiment with the Senator from South
Carolina. It is in the reprobation of that system
of politics, of which the primary principle is the
mere possession of power and office—of that party
organization which looks to office of every charac-
ter as the rightful spoils of victory, the plunder of
political warfare. The fearful degeneracy of par-
ties m this respect, and the corrupting practices of
parties in bestowing rewards by contracts, and
jobs, and otherwise, and employment of different
kinds, to political partisans and favorites for some
years past is truly alarming. AU are to blame for
not ariesting this evil. I warn the Democracy of
this country, the people of this country, that they
do not know one-twentieth part of the corruption,
the feculent, reeking, corruption, in this respect,
in this Government for years past. I tell the peo-
ple of this country that the Government and insti-
tutions of tins country have been, and will be, used
as a machine to plunder them for office beggars,
and to perpetuate the possession of political power.
1 solemnly believe, if the people of the United
Slates knew the manner in which their Govern-
ment is conducted, if they could be all assembled
at the city of Washington, they would be excited
to kick up a revolution in twenty-four hours which
would tumble the President, heads of departments,
both Houses of Congress, Democrats and Whigs,
heels over head, into the Potomac; and I believe
they would act right in so doing.
It will only be when the people rise in their
might and reform this Government in respect to
the bestowiucnt of offices and political rewards,
til at the Government will he administered in its
purity. I have no idea of any change of things
for the better by the accession of the Whigs.
Matters will probably be worse. In addition to
tiie principles winch I regard of a pernicious char-
acter to the welfare of the country that this party
would establish, its partisans must be rewarded m
turn, as soon as power is acquired to reward them.
It is only by the reform of the Democratic party,
and the utter exclusion of the principle of political
rewards and punishments, that true Democratic
principles, and the free institutions of the country
can be preserved and poipetuated.
Whether such party can be successful, the result :
of the next Presidential election will prove. 1 am i
no croaker, but if the effort should fml, I have the
most feaiful apprehensions of the issue of that
contcst. No one will venture to say it is probable
any candidate of either party will be elected by
the people. The election will probably go to the
House of Representatives. [A Whig Senator be-
hind Mr. W. here observed, "We will save nil
difficulty by electing a Whig President.] No, sir,
said Mr. W. You are as much distracted as to
your choice among yourselves, as your opponent?;
and if you ore not, the country is against the Whig
party. When the election comes to be decided by
the House in February, 18-19, what a spectacle will
be witnessed! The partisans of at least three of
the competitors will congregate here by thousands,
the hopes of each for office depending on the favor-
able success of his favoiite.
Those holding office under the present Adminis-
tratis will be anxiously exerting themselves to
procure their own continuance; and if the war
with Mexico should be closed before that time,
we shall see assembled here, applicants upon the
ground of military services by companies, battal-
ions, regiments, and brigades. Every sort of bar-
gam, intrigue, and management may be antici-
pated; and it will not be "surprising if disorders
and tumults should be the consequence, and the
floors of your Capitol and streets of Washington
may be stained with blood. I trust all this maybe
averted. I have confidence in the intelligence and
virtue of the mass of the people; but, if it should
not be, I shall have the consolation of having at
least performed the duty of warning and admoni-
tion.
Mr. President, I intended to have said a little,
very little, about the annexation of Texas, with
which I had nothing to do. And I had intended,
also, to make a few observations about the primary
and the immediate causes of the Mexican war, and
how it was precipitated, and who is most to blame
for that precipitation. But I have not time. The
censure bestowed on the honorable Senator from
South Carolina on this score, appears to me to bor-
der on the ludicrous; nor do I blame the Adminis-
tration to the degree that I do others for what oc-
curred in May last. I voted for the act declaring
the war to exist by the act of Mexico; but 1 should
have preferred, for the sake of truth, to have had
that phraseology amended by adding " and by the
omissions of others." I may hereafter take occa-
sion to explain myself more fully on this point.
I shall vote for the first resolution of my col-
league. I had determined to ask to be excused
from voting, inasmuch as no one had before noticed
the similar previous publications in the same pa-
per in such manner, and to avoid the inference,
injurious to those assailed in previous publications,
which might be drawn from such discrimination;
but, on reflection, I have thought such a course
would be unjust to the Senators libelled in this last
publication. As to the second resolution of my
colleague, I trust he will withdraw it. The letter
of the reporter of the Union, my own knowledge
of the difficulties that exist in making entirely ac-
curate reports, the absence of all motive on the
part of the reporters to misrepresent any Senator,
and my confidence in their fidelity and impartial-
ity, induces me to withhold my aid to any action
which will deprive them of an opportunity of use-
ful employment in their profession. So far as
regards the editor of the paper, I will also say that
1 am better satisfied to vote for the resolution
affecting him, from the conviction that those who
are really most ccnsurable will feel that censure
most severely.
I have to tender my acknowledgments to the
Senate for the patient attention with which they
have listened to the observations I have deemed it
my duty to make.
Mr. MASON then addressed the Senate. He
said: I had not designed to address anything to
the Senate oil the subject now before it. The arti-
cle on which the gentleman from Florida has based
his resolution is certainly not suited to my taste.
But I feel compelled to say something on the propri-
ety of the resolution itself. What is the resolution?
I understand and presume that, with the approba-
tion of the Senate, the second resolution, which
looks to the expulsion of the reporters for this pa-
per from the gallery, is withdrawn. What, then,
is the object of this resolution? To withdraw the
permission extended to the editors of a newspaper
printed in this city, called the u Union," to come
upon the floor of this Chamber. It is substantially,
as expressed, to expel the editors of that paper from
this floor. Now, my objection to this is, amongst
others, because, m any aspect in which I can view
it, it trespasses on the liberty of the press. It
abridges the freedom of the press. It is doing by
resolution of this body, separately, that which the
American people wisely decided both Houses of
Congress concurrently cannot do. In the Constitu-
tion which we all here have sworn to support, it is
expressly declared that Congress shall pass no law
abridging the freedom of the press; and to give
more emphasis to this provision, it is in the form
of an amendment to that Constitution. It is one
of the amendments of the Constitution supplying
what the intelligent framers of that instrument
seemed to have omitted.
I wish—not for my own justification, Mr.
President, bccause I trust with those who sent
me here I need no justification—but I wish, in
order to give some point to what may follow, to
re-state the facts, and show the position in which
this matter stood before the Senate. I refer to
the vote which called forth the article referred to
in the resolution. There was a proviso in the
army bill giving power to the President of the
United States to appoint the officers of these ten
regiments, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and conceding to him power to appoint the offi-
cers during the recess, at his discretion, requiring
him to submit such appointments at the next ses-
sion. 1 had never considered the constitutional ob-
jection at all, when it was raised, for the first time
I think, by the distinguished gentleman from South
Carolina; and I confess that, alone, looking upon it
as a question of pure expediency, I thought that
there must be a very strong case made out to induce
me to give to the President the whole power of
such appointment. But I had no constitutional
difficulty. When the question came back, it was
stripped, to a very great extent, of the objections
raised, because the power conceded to the Presi-
dent was confined to an inferior class of military
appointments—company officers, and so forth.
But there was in that provision a declaration, that
if the President did appoint in the recess, he should
submit such appointments to the Senate, at its
next session, for its revision. Now, what 1 could
bring to bear on the matter satisfied me of this,
that while Congress had the power either to con-
fer the authority or withhold it, they could do no
more. They must confer the very power given
to them by the Constitution, or they must confer
none. They must give to the President the power
to make appointments alone, or place it where the'
Constitution places it, subject to their revision.
I viewed it in that light, be the consequences
what they might. There the difficulty was. The
Senator from Arkansas had remarked, that the
editor was guilty of committing an indiscretion
in censuring the Senate. I do not agree with
the honorable Senator. Happening to have had
a long and intimate acquaintance with that edi-
tor, I am satisfied that he committed a fault which
I remember to have seen well expressed by an
English writer—he committed not the fault of in-
advertency, but the want of advertence in omit-
ting to look at it. I know that, in this country,
there is a freedom of the press which, with many,
degenerates into licentiousness. I do not ascribe
it to this paper, because, as far as my judgment
goes, it does not apply. But I mean to say this,
that great as the freedom of the press is, I would
prefer the most unbounded licentiousness, rather
than manacle it for one instant—for one instant.
Well, now, what is the fact? I have been told
that this resolution does not interfere with the lib-
erty of the press—that it proposes only the exer-
; cise of an undoubted right on the part of the Senate
! to withhold a courtesy from a certain individual.
I I deny the proposition. I have taken some pains
i to inquire by what authority the editors of this
j paper have access to the floor. I could not find it
! in the rules anywhere. I could find in the rules of
i the Senate that the privilege of this floor, as it is
! called, was extended to a certain class of citizens,
; really as a courtesy and as a compliment—extend-
' ed to those citizens who had rendered important
' public services—those who, by name, had re-
\ ceived a vote of thanks from Congress—those who,
' from their positions, were entitled to it; but I could
i not see any rule allowing the editors of newspapers
j admission—none. I found a rule requiring of the
1 Secretary of the Senate, as a pure business mat-
: ter, to assign the reporters of newspapers appro-
i pnate places in the gallery, giving that privilege to
j them because they are reporters for the press; but
■ I none authorizing the editors of the papers to come
; upon the floor of this Chamber. I sought further
i for information, and I found this: that, whether
i the editors of the paper be or be not officers of
; the Senate, the editors, who are contractors for
1 the public printing, held such business relations
I' with the Senate as made it convenientfor the Sen-
j ate, and for them, and for the people, that they
|; should have convenient access upon the floor of
j the Senate. That gives them this right. The
editors with whom this contract has been made
!, hold at least one official relation to the Senate, for
j! they are the sworn printers of the Senate in all
i! matters requiring secresy. But in that relation,
; what I mean to say is, that the access to the floor
ji of this Chamber which is given to editors holding
i: the public printing, is one arising out of the busi-
; ness relations of this body. It is not a matter of
privilege; it is not extended to them as a privilege;
! it is not embraced within the rules where the coiir-
!' tesy is extended. It arises by the tacit admission
: of the Senate and its officers, and out of the busi-
. ness relations which subsists between the editors
1 and the Senate.
;l Well, now, what do you propose to do? You
: propose to deprive the editor of the access to this
floor. And why? Because in the paper which he
. controls, there has, as is alleged, appeared a public
libel upon the Senate. What then? Lettheresolu-
