1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
tion pass, and the inevitable consequence is, to hold
a rod over the editor. The freedom of the press is
restrained to that extent at least, that what gentle-
men occupying seats here may consider a libel, or
the body of the Senate may consider a libel upon
them, cannot be printed or published, under the
penalty of being oppressed in their private busi-
ness—business arising out of contracts with this
Senate. It is enough for me to know that this
strikes a blow—whether a hard or a light blow is
immaterial—at the business of those who conduct
the public press, and that the penalty is what X
have named.
Sir, by what authority do you pass this resolu-
tion? I trust I have shown to the Senate that it is
not a mere courtesy which shall be withdrawn. It
is seeking to affect them in their business—in their
private pursuits—and there is this restraint at least,
that you should publish nothing which we con-
sider libellous. Now, by what authority—I speak
it with deference, as becomes me, but I ask it of
you as statesmen and as jurists—by what author-
ity will the Senate pass this resolution to restrain
the freedom of the press' Will any gentleman
rise in his place and day that we have not had a
stern admonition in the days of 1798, in the sedi-
tion law which was cited, and I thought aptly cited,
by an honorable Senator who has preceded me?
What were the terms of that sedition law ? Ihe
terms 'were, that if any should print or publish
any defamatory matter of the President or the Con-
gress, or either House, with intent to bring them
into contempt or disrepute, they should oe fined
and imprisoned.
Now, what is the extent of this resolution ? It
is, that if the printer to the Senate shall print or
publish a libel, or matter defamatory of the Senate,
tending to bring it into contempt and disrepute, not
that they shall be fined or imprisoned, but that they
shall be cut off in their business relations and in-
tercourse with this Chamber—I apprehend a pen-
alty equal to a fine, if not a very heavy fine, if not
equal to imprisonment.
That law was limited in the enactment to two
years, and it expired, as we have seen, amid ihe
execrations of the American people. It was an
attempt to manacle the press—to interfere with the
freedom of the press—a law which was suffered to
expire within two years by its own limitation; and
so far as my knowledge extends, there have been
since "none so poor as do it" any " reverence."
I confess I can see no difference in the principle
whatever—I can see no difference in the fact—I can
sec no difference in its consequences between the
reenactment of this sedition law and the passage
of the resolution which is on your table.
So far as the State which I have the honor to
represent in part upon this floor lias expressed
itself upon this important subject—of the freedom
of the press—its language has been most emphatic,
and conveys an admonition which, in part, led me
to address you, and which I am not at liberty to
disve°ard. In hei Bill of Rights, adopted m May,
1776rbefore the independence of this country was
declared, there was incorporated a provision in-
tended, in the most emphatic manner, to guard the
liberty of the press. Fifty years afterwards—after
the expiration of half a century—the State of Vir-
ginia, in revising her institutions, re-adopted that
Bill of Rights, without the change of a letter, of
course retaining that very article to which I have
just referred. I am not at liberty, then, as one
clothed with the high trust and power of represent-
in"- th.it Commonwealth on this floor, to disregard
that admonition. What are its terms ? [Here Mr.
M. read them.] Now, do we not all know and
acknowledge that the press is amenable to the courts
of justice, where the citizens of the land are ame-
nable? It is amenable to public opinion wherever
a citizen is amenable. But it is not amenable to
any le«islative hall whatever, far less to one acting
separately—far less to one, (however dignified such
a body may be,) who by its authority alone would
undertake to abridge, in the slightest degiee, the
utmost freedom of the press.
These arc the reasons, Mr. President, which
will compel me to vote against these propositions
in any form whatever, whether it be in the origi-
nal resolutions submitted by the Senator from Flor-
ida, or the resolution proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] It is a subject
that 1 cannot touch. I can do nothing; I can coun-
sel nothing which will have even a tendency to im-
pair the freedom of the press. I should deplore
the hour when it would be found the policy of this
Government to exercise any power which it may
possess in such a way as even to tend to the abridg-
ment of the freedom of the press. Sir, it is the
" bulwark of liberty!" It is the only hope of the
American people. If their liberties ever are stricken j
down by the corrupting processes of the Govern-
ment, or by an autocrat, it will be only when the
press is manacled and dares not speak. No Senator
holds in higher estimation than I do the dignity of
this body. No Senator will be more prompt to repel,
in any manner, any rudeness or assault that may be
committed upon it. But I cannot do it unless 1 see
authority in the Constitution. Least of all can I
do it—can I believe it must be done at all—at the
expense of that which I have been taught to hold
as the most sacred bulwark of liberty—the freedom
of the press! I must vote, therefore, against the
resolution.
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON then rose and said: !
I regret, Mr. President, that the honorable gentle- j
man who has just sat down has thought proper to :
make his maiden speech on a question of this char- ,
arter, especially when he has taken the ground ;
that the expression of disapprobation of the con- \
duct of the Executive organ which the resolution |
before the Senate proposes, is an attack upon the j
liberty of the press. 1 confess, sir, that I was sur- j
prised to hear such doctrine from his lips. An >
attack upon the freedom of the press! Why, the j
honorable Senator from Florida, in introducing the |
resolution, distinctly disavowed such an intention, 1
and, in my judgment, showed very conclusively i
that the resolution was simply a withdrawal of the
privilege of access to the floor of the Senate of those
who had, in the publication referred to, grossly
outraged the body. The resolution does not deny
to these printers the exercise of any of their rights
as citizens of the United States. The exclusion is
entirely confincd to the floor of the Senate, and
proposes only to prevent their appearance amongst I
us in the seats immediately around us. Because a [
resolution is now offeied denying to these persons I
this privilege, this right which the rest of" their j;
I countrymen do not enjoy, the honorable member ''
i from Virginia conceives itto be an attack upon the I
freedom of the press, and he bottoms the opinion j
thus expressed upon the ground that these persons
are connected with this body by certain business
connexions. He contends that their business re-
quires that they should come into this House, and
enjoy the privilege of appearing on the floor with
the members of the body and those other persons
privileged to come on wlmt is called the floor of the
Senate.
The reason given by the honorable gentleman is
a very strange one. Let me ask him, if he had
business transactions with a printer as a private
gentleman, and if that printer should grossly libel
01- slander him, would he, on the ground of his
business connexion, suffer that printer to enter his
household in the full enjoyment of all the private
relations which had foimerly subsisted between
them ? Would he really consider it an attack upon
the liberty of the press to exclude that printer who
had disgraced him before the world, from entering
into his house ' Would he permit a libeller, who
had denounced him as a traitor, as a fellow-soldier
with Ampudia and Santa Ana, because he had a
j business transaction with him, to enter into his
I parlor, in the presence of his wife and children,
[ and meet him on the same terms as before the in- j
[jury had been inflicted? I entertain too great a !
l-espcct for the honorable gentleman from Virginia
to believe for one moment that he would tolerate
the appearance of any such a libeller in his house;
and it is for the very same icason that would ac-
tuate the conduct of the honorable gentleman him-
self in such a case that the present resolution has
been offered. It is for that very reason that I, as
i one of the Senators of the United States, stand
here in my place and say that I will consent to the
admission of no man on this floor with my brother
members and myself, be he Whig or Democrat,
who has disgraced, or attempted to disgrace, the
body of which I am a member. Never !
A business transaction ! Is it necessary that
these printers should have access to the floor in
order to carry on their business? The honorable
Senator is entirely mistaken if lie supposes that a
resolution to deprive them of this privilege can in
any manner trench on their rights as printers.
They will carry on their business just as fully af-
ter as before its adoption. Their reporter will be
suffered to enter the gallery, and if they choose to
witness the proceedings they can enter the gallery
the same as other citizens. All that we propose
to do is, to withdraw the courtesy or privilege, or
right, or whatever you may choose to call it, which
has been heretofore extended to these printers. All
that we propose to do is to say we cannot associate
with you hereafter. You cannot appear on the
same floor on which we sit.
Trenching on the freedom of the press! The
honorable Senator has told us, that if there were
an autocrat to arrive and trample on the liberties
of the country, it would not be until the Hbertyggtf
the press had been first prostrated and manaclW,
as he said. Now, I will venture to make a predic-
tion of a somewhat different character. I say, that
if that autocrat will ever come, he will come with
a trained band of mercenary libellers. He will
come, not with one, two, or a dozen of them, but
with battalions of them, to overthrow and pros-
trate the liberties of the people, and, as incidental
to that, the dignity and rights of Representatives
of the people in the other House and of the States
here. The honorable gentleman can see no dan-
ger to public liberty fiom the bribery of the press.
He sees danger only in curbing it. I say there is
greater reason to fear the destruction of that garri-
son whose sentinel on the watchtower has been
bribed by the enemy, than of that whose sentinel
has received the bayonet of the foe.
There is no occasion whatever, in my humble
judgment—(there has been none from the begin-
ning of this controversy)—for those orations with
which we have been entertained by honorable gen
tlemen on the other side of the house, in favor of
the freedom of the press. Gentlemen on this side
of the house are just as ready to recognise and vin-
dicate that great right of freedom of the press as
those on the opposite side can possibly he. We
are as warm and ardent advocates, I trust, as they
of the real freedom of the press. We do, how-
ever, make distinction between licentiousness and
liberty; and all men who overlook that distinction
are, in my bumble judgment, in great danger of
doing irreparable wiong to the country, and essen-
tially impairing the value and usefulness of the
j press itself.
| Will any gentleman tell me that the liberty of
! the press requires impunity for such grossandscan-
| dalous abuse as is contained in that article' Will
j not every man admit that that at least is a sample
j of the licentiousness of the press ? And this, be it
J remembered, comes from the organ of the Govern-
mcnt. It comes from the press of the Administra-
tion paityin power. It is understood by every-
body—no man pretends to deny it—that it is the
press which enjoys the whole patronage of the
Government; it is emphatically the press of the
Government. It is precisely the very same de-
scription of press which one of the most distin-
guished members of the Democratic party, some
years ago, m the other House of' Congress, pro-
nounced to be more dangerous to the liberties of
i the people than a palace-guard of six thousand
men. It is from this source, then, that th*! attack
comes, and whether it be designed to assail, as has
been said, the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina and his friends, or the gentlemen on this side
of the Chamber, I care not; and in any controver-
sy of this description which shall be heard now
or hereafter, I shall always be found slanding on
i the side of the body of which I am a member, no
; matter from what quarter the attempt to disgrace
it maycome.
Some allusion was made in this debate, not upon
the resolution itself, but in consequence of remarks
by the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, which
I demands of me a passing notice. The honorable
gentleman from South Carolina being driven to
' that course of discussion by remarks of others,
> spoke of the causes of the war with Mexico. He
; alluded to events which preceded the war. He
J vindicated himself from the accusation of having
been in any manner accessory to that war, and in
the course of his observations, he alluded to a cir-
1 cumstance with regard to which an appeal was
made to my recollection.
!l On that point, Mr. President, I desire to say a
j! word. During the debate; on the Oregon question,
- as it is commonly called, in 1846, and some time,
ij as I think, in the" month of February of that year,
i! I received from sources to which it is not ne-
j! cessary now to advert, but upon which I felt that
b I could rely, that our Government had given or-
