412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
ders to General Taylor to break up his encamp-
ment at Corpus Christi and march on the Rio
Grande. The instant I heard that, and was satis-
fied of its truth—the public at the time having no
means of knowing the fact—I was alariYied at the
apprehension of a war with Mexico; and it is true,
as the honorable Senator from South Carolina has
said, that I did meet him here in the Senate Cham-
ber, and, in the course of a confidential private
conversation, I did ffive him the information which
I then possessed. 1 told him, sir, that I believed,
unless some speedy action were taken cither by
himself or some other distinguished gentleman who
cOTUd arrest the downward tendency of things ati-
sing from that order, we should be plunged into a
war before we could possibly save ourselves. At
that time,all men who were acquainted with passing
events and the position of our public affairs, were
alike anxious to avoid a war with England, if it
could be avoided consistently with the honor and
interests of the country. All our efforts were de-
voted to the consideration of the best means by
which we could, in the exercise of all the prudence
and judgment which God had given us, avert from
our country so great a calamity as a war with
England upon the question of boundary. It was
in these circumstances that I received the informa-
tion and communicated it to the honorable Senator
from South Carolina. His first exclamation was,
<cIt cannot be so ! It is impossible 1" precisely as
he lias related it in the course of this debate. I
assured him it was beyond all doubt. "Then,"
said he, when I urged that some measure be taken,
"what can be done?" I, as a Whig, could not
move in the matter, and I urged that, unless the
honorable Senator from South Carolina and his
friends, or some other strong division of the gen-
tlemen on the other side of* the Chamber, would
move in the matter, we on the Whig side would
be utterly powerless. The honorable gentleman
was at that time, as he has very properly stated,
devoted to the same great object which ! confess
absorbed my own mind and the minds of those
around me—the prevention of a war with England;
and he declined to move, lest his usefulness on
that great question should be in any degree con-
tracted. In the course of a short time alter that—
Mr. CALHOUN. The first conversation was
in January, when you announced the fact; and the
second conversation was in February.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, the Senator is right.
Thus, Mr. President, I feel exonerated from all
lesnonsibihty in the matter, and I think the hon-
orable gentleman's statement ought to be entirely
satisfactory with regard to the propriety of his
course. It was not m our power to move. We
were shackled and fettered by considerations con-
nected with another matter of oveiwhelmmg im-
portance, and in regard to which all our energies
were invoked. Still, sir, though then as now I
but rarely broke the silence of the chamber with
my voice, I was daily impressed with the danger
of a war with Mexico, until at last a very singu-
lar circumstance occuired, to which I have another
witness now on the floor of the Senate.
On the 24th of April, and between the hours of
twelve and one o'clock on that day, I was talking
with my friend from Kentucky behind mc, [Mr.
Moreiiead,] and I said I had no doubt that we
were then at war with Mexico, and I added, " I
believe we have had a fight." Sportively we laid
a small wager on that matter, and it turned out
afterwu-rds, for I made a minute of it, that I won
the bet by about four hours, for Thornton's dra-
goons were cut up about four o'clock in the morn-
ing of that same day. Well, these events recalled
and impressed upon the mind this great fact, that,
while die Houses of Congress remained in igno-
rance, and those who knew could not move, the
President of the United States was ordering the
army of the United States upon the Rio Grande,
and taking a step of which the inevitable conse-
quence proved to be war. Then followed the fort
opposite Mafamoros, a movement precisely simi-
lar to that which Caius Marcus took in order to
bring; on a battle with an enemy. That illustrious
hero of antiquity brought about a battle, in which
one hundred thousand men were slain, by moving
his army to a river side, where he provoked the
encounter of some of those warriors of that blue-
eved race from which we are ourselves descended.
I do not now go further into the present discus-
to ascertain on whose head, if on that of any, lies
the responsibility of this war. At the time war
was declared, before we had an opportunity of
reading all the papers that were placed on our ta-
ble, I gave my opinion against the preamble recog-
nising the existence of the war. 1 then gave my
own opinion, at sufficient length, to enable others at
least to understand the grounds on which I acted.
I denounced the war then as the act of the Presi-
dent of the United States; but I avowed myself
then, and I have ever since avowed myself, willing
to vote supplies for the war. I believed that the
war was brought on by this thing of marching the
army, without any necessity, from Corpus Christi
to the Rio Grande, done, too, while Congress was
in session, without one word being communicated
as to the intention of the President of the United
States, either to the Senate or the House, or to any
committee of either House of Congress, or, as far
as I have been able to judge, to any member of j
either House of Congress. Under these circum- '
stances, Mr. President, the responsibility of the
war will probably rest upon him who ought to bear
it. I forbear going into this further.
In reference to the resolution itself, I have said
all that I conceive t6 be necessary. We propose
no fine or imprisonment as a punishment of Mr.
Ritchie or'his associate. We aim no blow at the
freedom of the press. We deprive those individ-
uals of no right which as citizens they possess.
We simply desire to mark our disapprobation of a
libel on the character of the Senate, by refusing to
those who have published it the privilege of asso-
ciating on this floor with the members of that body
which they have thus sought to vilify and dis-
grace before the world.
Mr. PEARCE said he desired to make a few
remarks m reply to the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason.] He would be quite as unwilling
as that Senator to do anything which could in the
slightest degree infringe that glorious right which
lies at the foundation of all public liberty—the free-
dom of the press. But how does the resolution
before the Senate conflict with the constitutional
protection of that right? What constitutional right
does the resolution violate? What civil right does
it take away? What right to which the Senator
can give a name does it in any way affect? Whence
does the printer of the Senate derive his privilege
to a seat on the floor of the Senate? It is admitted
that it is not derived from the Constitution, nor
from any law, nor from any written rule of the
Senate. But it seems to be assumed that it arises
ex necessitate rei. Now, sir, this is the case with
your right and my right to be here. You cannot
perform the functions which the Constitution has
devolved upon the Vice President except in this
Chamber, and in the chair which you occupy.
No Senator can perform the functions of his high
place if he be not admitted here: nor can the Sec-
letary, the Sergeant-at-Arms, and all other officers
of the Senate whose business, as such, being here, 1
they must necessarily be here too. But that is not
the case with the printer of the Senate, whose
functions, as such, do not require his presence
here, are not in the slightest degree aided by his
being here, and indeed cannot be and never are
peiformed here at all. Mr. Ritchie's sole business,
as our printer, is to print such manuscripts as the
Secretary may send to him for that purpose in a
stipulated manner, and at prices fixed by law. The
reporting our pioceedings and debates is nopait
of his business as printer of the Senate. That is
another vocation, with which we have nothing to
do. Since, then, the printer of the Senate has no
functions to be performed in the Senate Chamber,
he has no right ex necessitate rei to a seat on this
floor. As well might it be pretended that he was
here by divine right. Therefore, sir, his privilege
to be here has grown up out of the acquiescence
and usage of the Senate—by their grace and favor.
It is as much a courtesy extended to him as the
same privilege which the rule extends to Gover-
nors of States, members of other Legislatures,
military and naval officers who have received the
thanks of Congress for distinguished public ser-
vices, and all others mentioned in the rule; from
all of whom it may be taken away by the Senate
without that body being liable to the charge of
violating a right.
It is not a right which he holds in common with
all his fellow-citizens, and the only purpose to
sion. I do not think it proper to go into a discus- jj which in fact he applies it is to watch our proceed-
sion of the whole merits of this question, in order ii ingsand debate, and make them the subject of such
articles in his newspaper as those which have
drawn upon him the just rebuke of this resolution.
That, sir, takes from him no political or civil right;
it inflicts no penalty properly so called; it does not
affect his liberty or his property; it trenches upon
nothing which the Constitution or the law guar-
anties. It leaves him at full liberty and with un-
impaired ability to print the public documents
according to his contract, and to publish anything
and everything in his newspaper which he could
publish while in the possession of this privilege.
It does nothing but deny to the man who has de-
famed the majority of this Senate the privilege of
mingling with them here, which is conceded to
some gentlemen but necessarily denied to great
numbers of the highest respectability. It is,
indeed, as if a private gentleman, who had been
assailed by private slander, should find his calum-
niator making free in his house, and should rid
himself of his hateful presence by directing bis
servant to show him the door. The one would be
as much a violation of the liberty of the press as
the other, but no more.
The Senator, with singular infelicity, compared
the operation of this resolution to that of the old
sedition law. I can find no parallel between them
—no vestige of resemblance; not the slightest foun-
dation for a comparison. The sedition law pro-
vided that the authors and publishers of certain
scandalous writings should be punished by fine
and imprisonment. These resolutions contemplate
no such nor any other penalty. Now, the printer
who was imprisoned under the sedition law could
not perform the functions of his business while
immured in the walls of a jail, and so the freedom
of the press might be said to be infringed. And
this might equally be the case if he were only fined.
Shylock said " you take my life when you do take
the means whereby I live;" and so the printer
whose money was taken from him by judicial sen-
tence, was deprived of the means of carrying on
his trade of printing, and thus the liberty of the
press was said to be abridged. But this resolution
will leave the editor of the Union just as free as
any other editor in the country to publish even the
most defamatory attacks upon parties and individ-
uals if he shall see fit to do so. But, sir, does any
one believe that the men who framed our Consti-
tution, and its amendments, designed to throw a
shield over slander, to build up a shelter for false-
hood, to erect constitutional guards and barriers to
protect wanton detraction and malignant calumny ?
Never, sir. Their aims were too pure and high
for such purposes. They did design, without
doubt, to protect freedom of opinion, and the free,
fair, and full expression of it. They designed nei-
ther to abridge the liberty of the press nor to sanc-
tion and encourage its licentiousness; but to leave
the abuse of this great right not only to the con-
demnation of public opinion, but to certain well
known forms of legal remedy.
Why, sir, it is notorious that slanders and libels
arc constantly the subject of legal proceedings in
our State courts and in the courts of the United
States too. In some of the States they do not even
permit the libel to be justified by proof of its truth.
And well is it that there should be some legal re-
straint to the licentious abuse of the press; since
otherwise no man could be safe in property, lib-
erty, or reputation, which is dearer than either,
or than life itself. Now, sir, the articles in the
Union, which have occasioned these resolutions,
are, in my opinion, grossly defamatory of a ma-
jority of the Senate; they assail with wanton ma-
levolence public men, whose pure, spotless, and
time-honored characters have given reputation to
the country, which are a part of its glory, and to
be cherished and preserved as such. I never doubt-
ed the right of the Senate to mark its sense of the
vile injustice done to the majority by this malig-
nant attack; but I did doubt the expediency of
doing so; I thought it would be giving too much
importance to the fugitive but envenomed slanders
of the "Union." But to-day I see the calumny
endorsed and reiterated by our printer, who defies
the Senate, and declares his intention to repeat the
slander as often as suits his purpose; while in the
Senate it is declared upon most extraordinary and
fallacious constitutional views that we cannot pass
these resolutions without abridging the freedom of
the press. Under these circumstances I cannot
refuse to express my opinion by my vote, and to
! mark this calumny, so far as I can ao it, with my
' indignant reprobation.
