1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
418
Mr. BUTLER, of South Carolina, said that lie
had suggested, the other day, the propriety of re-
ferring this whole matter to a special committee.
The suggestion had been made in a spirit of jus-
tice, and with a hope that some atonement would
be made to this body for the insult to its character
and dignity by satisfactoiy explanations on the
part of the editors of the Union. It was not his
understanding that such a committee would have
the power to cause the attendance of those editors.
All that it could, or perhaps that it would do,
would be to send a copy of the resolutions to the
parties concerned, with a declaration that they
might, at their option, avail themselves of an op-
portunity to make such a showing as would re-
lieve themselves from an intentional assault on tins
body. This was going very far, further than it
seemed to be regarded as becoming and proper—
especially since the editors had assumed a position
of defiance, with repeated avowals that they would
write what they pleased, and that they would not
condescend to make such explanations as are cer-
tainly due from one gentleman to another, because
they meant to maintain what they are pleased to
regard as a right under the guarantee of the liberty
of the press. And the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Virginia have gone very far to coun-
tenance the same doctrine.
Mr. B. thought a position had been assumed
that was wholly untenable. It had been contended
by more than one Senator that the editors of a
public paper, occupying the relation to this body
of being its public printeis and private journalists,
could not be excluded from a seat on the floor of
the Senate, without violating the Constitution and
laws of the land which guarantee the freedom of
the press. How was it that the printers had a
right to come into the hall of the Senate? Why,
as Mr. B. understood it, they were admitted by an
implied license, arising from acquiescence. Was
this to be regarded as a franchise, as a vested inter-
est in the nature of property, and one that could
be enjoyed as a perfect right? If so, the printers
had an irrevocable license that could not be con-
trolled by this body, or one that could not be for-
feited by the editors in question. It is openly said
that the printers cannot be deprived of their right
m consequence of any publication, no matter what
might be its character. That is, they have a right
to insult the Senate in any way they may think
proper, provided it is done in their newspaper, and
not by word of mouth, whilst in the presence of
the Senate. In other woids, the Senate cannot
Enforce the laws of self-protection, by excluding
its recognised printers from mingling in the body.
Such a position was dangerous and extravagant;
and it predicts this issue, either that this body or
the editors of the Union must yield. The position
is only fortified by generalities, by popular terms:
" the freedom of the press"—" the freedom of the
press." Regarding the subject in this way, the
Senate might be forced to vindicate its authority,
for the purpose of exposing the true nature of these
dangerous and delusive popular pretensions. Their
popularity rather depended on honorable prejudices
in favor of the freedom of the press than upon just
doctrine or sound reason.
Mr. B. said he wished the matter to assume such
a tangible shape, as to enable the country to see
whether the editors would undertake to claim the
right to abuse the Senate in as licentious language
as they might choose, without incurring a forfeit
ure of the courtesy extended to them. If they were
to deny the jurisdiction of a~committee on the sub-
ject, by insisting on a right, or refusing to be heard,
then there would be but one course; there could be
no alternative. Mr. B. said he was willing, as the
Senate was a strong body, dealing with individu-
als, to go very far to extend to them an opportu-
nity of having justice done to them, or of doing
justice to themselves. Those who claim 011 this
floor to be the friends of the printers, did not seem
to thank him for the course which he had suggest-
ed; and Mr. B. said he had been taunted on the
other side of the house for his indulgent sugges-
tions. He would, however, do his duty, and
would have this consolation, that if he should be
called on to perform a painful duty, he had done
all in his power to avert the occasion. He would
not disguise the fact, that he had regretted that
such resolutions had been offered. But that could
not relieve him from the necessity of doing his
duty when the matter should come up for his de-
cision. He would (lot then shrink from its per-
formance from a regard to any consequences. In
any view, all that could be done by the Senate,
under the resolutions, would be to revoke an im-
plied license. Such license had been given surely
on the ground that the journalists of the body
would do justice, with impartiality, in giving an
account of its proceedings. Good faith would, at
least, require that they would abstain from the im-
putation of unworthy motives to any of the mem-
bers. The article in the Union is admitted by all,
with one exception, to be grossly libellous. It was
nothing more nor less than charging a majority of
the Senate with an unworthy design to defeat a
great measure from criminal motives—of a design
to favor the purposes of a public enemy—of a de-
sign to cooperate in giving that enemy "aid and
comfort," by defeating the plans for prosecuting
the war.
Mr. B. said he sincerely hoped that the editors
could relieve themselves from the odium of the
charge which was made against the body. He
would not deny them the opportunity of doing
so.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he had hoped that his
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] would,
on further reflection, have deemed it proper to
withdraw the proposition which he had.made, and
which he had again signified his intention to press
to a vote, for the appointment of a committee to
investigate this subject and make a report to the
Senate. He supposed that he was one of those
who were alluded to in the article in the Union as
an associate with the officers and soldiers of the
Mexican army, inasmuch as it so happened that
he had taken somewhat of an active part in the
proceedings of this body which had resulted in the
publication and reiteration of the article alluded to.
And he had expected that the pensioned press
would be brought to bear upon those who should
dare to speak and to exercise their conscientious
and honest judgments in relation to matters of grave
import coming before this body. He had fully
expected it. But so far as any personal consider-
ations were concerned, it had passed by him en-
tirely disregarded. He treated all such things with
the contempt they deserved, whether they pro-
ceeded from the youth who printed the village paper
and gave publicity to defamatory articles for the
sake of notoriety, or from the veteran editor of a
city paper who might take a higher and broader
scope. But it was due, in his judgment, to this
body; it was due to its character, its honor, its
reputation; it was due to the States of this Union,
and to the people of this Union, that they should
put upon him who attempted, through his press,
whether he were the public printer or not—who
attempted, by means of his press, to overawe the
deliberations of this body, to influence improp-
erly their judgment, or to utter a libel upon them
for any purpose whatever—it was due to their
own dignity that they should put upon him and
upon his acts the impress of their reprobation, in
a manner that was consistent with the Constitu-
tion and the laws, and with those principles which
regulate the conduct of men of honor; and that was
the object of the resolution of the Senator from
Florida. It sought to inflict no punishment upon
the editor of the Union, either by fine, imprison- '
ment, or any other form. What did it propose to
do? It proposed that a person who, by the cour-
tesy of this body, had been permitted to come upon
the floor of this Chamber, should, when his con-
duct evinced that he was unworthy of the courtesy
that had been extended to him, not be permitted to
come there again. This was the object and mean-
ing of the resolution. It meant this and no more.
It was saying to the editor of the Union, as they
would say to any one under like circumstances, ]
that the privilege of entering here and occupying a
seat belongs only to men of honor and character,
and was not to be enjoyed by one who made use
of his press for the purpose of libelling this body.
He did not intend to go over the ground which
had been already occupied in regard to the char-
acter of this libel. JNo man who read it could
misapprehend its meaning; it was a libel of the
grossest character; it imputed to honorable Sena-
tors upon that floor that they had been actu-
ated in the votes which they had given, not by
love of country, but by principles and motives
which would, if true, degrade and disgrace them.
That was the character of the libel; and it came
from a man who was occupying the situation of
printer to that body, and who, by the courtesy of
the body, was permitted to come upon the floor of
the chamber. All that it was proposed to do was
to say to him, inasmuch as you have been guilty
of conduct which shows that you ought not to be
here, we will remove from you this privilege.
That was all. Had they not a right to do this?
Was it not right that the body should protect it-
self so far as regarded the mere exclusion from the
privilege of a seat here, and from associating with
those whom he had defamed ? Had it really come
to this, that the liberty of the press was so sacred
that, although it was used as the vehicle of slander
and of libel, they were not permitted to declare
that they would no longer associate with the de-
fanier and slanderer? Why, the alien and seditiqn
laws, the provision of the Constitution in relation
to the liberty of the press, had no more to do with
that which they were now considering than any
other law which was to be found upon the statute
book.
The Senator from South Carolina seemed to
think that they had better appoint a committee to
| investigate the matter. Why should this be done?
; He could see no reason for it. They were not
acting ii> a judicial capacity. They had the arti-
1 cle before them; no one could doubt its meaning.
Where, then, was the use of sending it to a com-
1 mittee, to investigate and report upon it? Where
was the necessity for making an inquiry concern-
ing that which was manifest upon the face of the
article itself? Was it for the purpose of ascertain-
ing from the editor what he meant by the language
he used ? It would not be very creditable to the
body to take such a course—to ask whether he
meant to insult them; and if so, whether he would
apologize for it, and say that it was an act of in-
discretion, or that it arose from a want of judgment
or reflection ! Why, look at the papers which
had issued since the introduction of this resolu-
tion. It was very clear, by a reference to them,
that the article to which the resolution referred
was not inserted without reflection and delibera-
tion; that it was inserted w«fo the knowledge and
approbation of the editor himself. He had since
asserted that he would publish what he pleased,
whether wc passed this resolution or not. It was
true the resolution would not infringe upon his
power to write and publish what he pleased; it
was not intended to interfere with any such pow-
er; but it was intended to say to him, and very
properly, "If you choose to conduct yourself in
tins manner, you are unworthy to come upon this
floor." They had been told that the article was
written without the knowledge of the editor of the
Union: it had not been retracted, however; nor
had there been any apology for its insertion.
Should they, then, go and humbly ask him,
through the medium of their committee, what he
meant by the article, 01- what he proposed to do
for the purpose of satisfying the Senate that his
conduct was justifiable? He thought not only that
there was no propriety in the act, but he thought
it would be dishonorable to the Senate if they were
to do so.
It was on this ground that he was opposed to the
proposition of the Senator from South Carolina.
He desired the Senate to meet this question in the
proper way, and to decide upon it. If they be-
lieved that the editor of a newspaper had published
111 his paper a libel upon the body knowingly and
designedly, he wanted them at once to declare,
not that he should be deprived of any right which
appertained to a citizen of the country, but that
he should be told that henceforth, so far as regard-
ed the privilege of entering this Chamber, he.
should be deprived of that. That was all he in-
tended.
At this late period of the discussion, he would
not go into the general subject of libel; all that he
had intended was, to offer a few remarks in regard
to the proposition for the appointment of a com-
mittee. This he had done; and he would there-
fore forbear from trespassing further upon the
time of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE desired very briefly to vindicate
his resolution from the charge involved in the ar-
gument of the Senator from Virginia, 8s aiming a
blow at the liberty of the press. No gentleman
upon that floor (he said) would be farther from
attempting any movement, or persisting in it when
commenced, which could even lean to such a con-
sequence. He agreed that a free press was a great
bulwark of liberty, and the freedom of the public
press a principle dear to freemen. But there were
