414
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
Feb. 13,
other principles not less important to be maintain-
ed—not less dear to the friends of republican gov-
ernment. Among these were the independence of
the Legislature, and the sovereignty-and dignity of
the States, These were the principles which lay
at the base of his resolution; and he called upon
his Democratic friends around him—upon the
friends of State rights—to come to the rescue.
Once abandon the representatives of the sovereign
States upon this floor, to be subdued by the power
of a pensioned press to the will of the Federal Ex-
ecutive, and you will have broken down one of the
clwef barriers to consolidation and tyranny. He
would be far from noticing any publication, what-
ever its character, in the way proposed by his
resolution, if appearing in any other newspaper
printed throughout this broad land. It was pre-
cisely because the offensive publication had ap-
peared in the Union newspaper that he had thought
it worthy and proper to be noticed. And why so?
Because the Union was the Executive organ. To
be sure, there is no public law or edict which es-
tablishes it as such. But the practice of the Exec-
utive department, from the first organization of the
Government, has been, to bestow us patronage
upon some one paper, which was m turn expected
to convey to the public the purposes and will of
the Executive department; and which has been re-
cognised by universal assent and custom, equally
potent with law, as the appendage of Executive
power, and exponent of Executive purpose. The
Government press was, to all intents and purposes,
an mstiument of Executive power; and in this as-
pect held a distinct relation to the public from the
general press of the countiy. Now, no one could
have failed to notice, and to notice with alarm, the
extent to which the power of the Executive press,
formidable by the circulation and weight which its
official character gave it, was brought to bear, of
late years, upon the independence of legislation.
He did not mean, when he said late years, to apply
his remark to this particular Administration, it
had been a growing evil, and was a tendency which
had been increasing from one Administration to
another.
To overawe and subjugate the will of the Lcgis-
1 ature by violent denunciation, arid by holding up
the body, or individuals of its members, to unjust
and partial judgment—to weaken the power, and
degrade the dignity of the Legislative department,
by misrepresenting and vilifying its proceedings,
when not subservient to Executive requirements,
are one of the means by which a press, sustained
by an almost boundless public patronage, can min-
ister to the supremacy of the Federal Executive.
Legislative subjugation is an offering winch such
a press may profitably carry to the feet of Execu-
tive tyranny. To check this tendency, which it is
time some means should be adopted to arrest—to
assert the independence of the representatives of
the States upon this floor—he had thought proper
to make the movement which he did. Having
presented to the Senate the principles upon which
he considered the resolution to rest—principles as
important as any others to be regarded, he would
only say that the gentlemen who preceded him
had clearly shown that no violation of the free-
dom of the press was involved in it, and upon
their defence he rested. He would now say that
the resolution was not aimed at the individual
whose name had been introduced here so freely.
It was no war upon Thomas Ritchie which ht>
waged. Not at all. Not at all. There was no
honor to be won—no triumph to be enjoyed—in a
strife against this venerable and distinguished citi-
zen, no matter what might be the success of the
resolution. It was to the editors of the Union that
the resolution pointed, and an assault committed
in Us columns that was meant to be rebuked. The
editors of that paper had themselves provoked the
proceeding by assailing the independence and dig-
nity of the Legislature through the columns of the
Executive organ. He must further say that he
meant not to charge the Executive with any de-
sign to encourage or authorize the interference of
a press with the free action of members here. But
whether occurring with or without his knowledge
or sanction, the effect was the same, and the evil
as necessary to be checked. In this especial in-
stance he undertook to assure his colleague that
he erred in his impression that the Executive was
accessory to this assault. He was enabled confi-
dently to vindicate the Executive upon this head.
And in this connexion he felt impelled to say
that he differed with his colleague as to the estima-
tion in which the Administration was held by the
Democracy of Florida. It had faithfully and suc-
cessfully carried out the principles and measures
upon which it"came into power. True, the suc-
cess of our internal policy was m danger of being
marred by the misfortune of a foreign war; but
for this, he for one did not blame the Executive.
The advance of the army to the Rio Grande was
doubtless ordered with full conviction of its neces-
sity, and he was disposed to sustain it, not only
for the reasons generally assigned by his friends,
but for another, which, if it formed any part of the
inducement to the movement, marked it as a mas-
ter stroke of policy. A grave question of contro-
versy was depending between Great Britain and
this country, which, in the opinion of the wisest
and gravest of our statesmen, tended to an almost
inevitable conflict of arms. Had that war come,
with Mexico as an ally, and Mexican territory
surrounding our southern and western borders
upon which to collect magazines and concentrate
forces, and Mexican ports in which to rendezvous
her fleets, the,difficulties of the war would have
been vastly increased. While the issue between
Great Britain and this Government was still with-
in our control, and we could determine the time
of bringing it to a focus, it was wise—it was mas-
terly policy to oblige Mexico to declare herself as
our friend or our foe. She had refused diplomatic
intercourse and professed hostile purposes. It
was wise by a determined movement to force her
to define her position, and bring her to the issue of
war or peace.
Mr. MANGUM rose to a question of order. He
did so, he said, the more readily from the fact that
he was sure the Senator from Florida would per-
ceive that it was done with the utmost respect to-
wards him. If the Senator would permit him he
would make a point of order. The Senate had
already listened patiently to a long and wandering-
debate, which could scarcely be characterized
otherwise than as a family quarrel. They were
quite ready to vote upon the resolutions, and he
did hope that this debate, which had taken cer-
tainly a range of'veiy great latitude and had been
hitherto tolerated, would be no further continued.
It~was, he was constrained to say, very much like
" An ocean into tempest to=t,
To waft a feather or to drown a fly."
If this thing was going to be magnified into a
matter of so much importance, he would be com-
pelled to vote against the proposition out and out,
on the ground of de minimum non curat. He was
opposed to dignifying in this way a thing that was
utterly beneath contempt.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that the Senator from
North Carolina had stated no point of order, and
therefore it was quite irregular for him to make a
specch.
Mr. MANGUM said he intended to make no
speech; all that he desired was, that no more time
should be thus uselessly consumed, but that the
Senate should come to a vote. He intended to
express his opinion by the vote which he should
give.
Mr. YULEE said he thanked the Senator for
calling him to order—the discussion had di\erged
too far. Before sitting down, he withdrew the
second resolution.
Mr. HANNEGAN said, before giving his vote
he deemed it proper, in order to avoid all miscon-
struction, to lay before the Senate the reasons for
the vote he was about to give. He had seen with
as much indignation, he presumed, as was felt by
I any member of the Senate, the article in the Union
1 over the signature of " Vindicator." He had ex-
pressed at the time it appeared his feelings con-
cerning it, and at this moment he cherished as
suons feelings of disapprobation in reference to
it as any member of the Senate could'do. He
would, however, vote against the resolutions of the
Senator from Florida, and upon constitntioral
grounds, so ably assigned by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] because he regarded the
action of the Senate directed towards the senior
editor of the Union, as being an action directed
towards an officer of that body more than as to-
ward an individual being merely the conductor of
a public journal. Fie also placed it on other
grounds, which he believed to be as sacred as
those constitutional giounds which had been re-
ferred to. He placed his vote on the ground that
the character of the Senate was too high, too eleva-
ted to be injured by attacks of any newspaper
scribbler; too high to be injured by the attacks of
all the newspaper scribblers in this Union com-
bined. He believed that the confidence of the peo-
ple of this country in the character of this body
was too great to permit them for a moment to at-
tach any degree of importance to such attacks as
had been made upon them in this instance, for he
saw around him men who had grown gray in the
councils of their country, and had evinced through-
out a long life a character above reproach—had
evinced not only fidelity to their country in its
legislation, but had exhibited their strong attach-
ment to it in the battle-field. When the hour should
come when the public mind should be prepared to
tolerate in the licentiousness of the press what
would strike at the dignity or reputation of the Sen-
ate, the day would not be distant when some Sylla
or Marius should be at hand to put the yoke of ty-
ranny upon the necks of a free people. The liberty
of the press and the liberties of the people would be
then swallowed, a mere song. He concurred with
the Senator from Virginia m the belief that neither
of the editors of the Union ever saw the article to
which those resolutions have reference until it was
in print. Had they done so he entertained too
high an opinion of those gentlemen to believe it
possible that they would have permitted its publica-
tion; but if they had been aware of the nature of
the article, and yet consented to publish it, the
only course he would take would be to turn them
over to the just indignation of the public. As for
the author of the article, the man who could de-
liberately pen so gross a calumny, he would leave
the felon heart of such a man to the public scorn
and indignation, which must inevitably be the lot
of him who avowed himself to be the author of so
gross a libel upon this body.
One word in regard to the remarks of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] who
preferred, if he had understood him, that there
should be war with Mexico rather than with Eng-
land, and with that view had hurried the Oregon
matter to a close. ' It seemed to him that it would
yet be found thev had made a bad exchange.
Mr. ARCHEIl said that the resolutions before
the Senate seemed to present two questions of no
ordinary moment. The first was, whether, after
the publication of a gross libel upon the Senate,
they were going to do—what? To hold out-to the
libeller the right hand of fellowship, and to coun-
tenance the insults which he had heaped upon
them? But there was a far more important view
of the question, and it wa3 this: Did not every one
S know that the paper which contained the libellous
publication was the recognised organ of the Exec-
utive of this country? Did any man doubt that
the object of the denunciations against the Senate
was to drive Senators who were not favorable to
the Executive into the adoption of measures such
as the Executive desired? No one could doubt
that this was their object. What, then, was the
aspect which they presented to the nation ? Here
was a man, acting under Executive influence, en-
deavoring to drive Senators into compliance with
Executive views. This was the real aspcctof the
case. He did not intend to go into a discussion of
the general question; but to express to his friend,
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,]
his earnest deprecation of the proposition submit-
ted by that Senator to appoint a committee to in-
vestigate this matter. But for the respect that he
had been led most sincerely to entertain for that
honorable Senator, especially in regard to the inde-
pendent course which was attributed to him, he
would really he almost induced to suppose that the
object of the Senator, in submitting that proposi-
tion, was to elude the action of this body upon
this subject. Suppose a committee were appointed.
It must be some days before they could act; and,
when they come back with a report, what would
be the condition in which the Senate would find
itself? It would be full up to the chin with busi-
ness, and, as the Senator was fully aware, this was
but a trifling matter in comparison with the subjects
which would soon have to engage their attention.
!| It would, therefore,be much better to determine it
;1 at once, while they had the subject fresh within
their minds. The inevitable result of a reference
to a committee would be to defeat the action of the
body. The Senator from South Carolina was not
the man he took him to be if he persisted in the
proposition which he had made. He believed the
Senator to be one who was ready to meet the
