1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
question boldly, and he hoped he would not have
reason, on this occasion, to change his opinion.
What was the purpose of instituting a committee?
Was it not for the ascertainment of facts? But
what facts did the Senator from South Carolina
want m this case? Were there any facts to be as-
certained which they were not already in posses-
sion of? They had before them the paper contain-
ing the libel, and they found in the paper of each
succeeding day a strong endorsement of the same
libel, a direct indication that no mitigation or with-
drawal or apology was to be expected, but that the
stand that had been absolutely taken at the begin-
ning was to be maintained in defiance of the ex?
pressions of displeasure on the part of the Senate;
and not only so, but further insults had been add-
ed. This was the course taken by the editor of the
Union, or, he might say, by the Executive, of
whom he was known to be the unscrupulous or-
gan, and these facts were all before the Senate.
He appealed, then, to the Senator from South Car-
olina: where was the necessity uf instituting an
examination by a committee ?
Mr. BUTLER said he thought that he had been
explicit enough the other day when he addressed
the Senate upon this subject. He had then said,
frankly, that it was to give the editor of the Union
an opportunity to make such explanation as he
might have to make, as to authorship and publica-
tion of the ariicle in question, m order to relieve
himself at least from the intention or design to libel
the Senate. But if he still persevered, and refused
to exonerate himself from this responsibility, why
he would then pronounce the honorable Senator's
course much more agreeable to himself. He had
always been inclined to the opinion that it was
better that such matters should be settled in accord-
ance with the principles which prevailed in juris-
prudence, by permitting the party accused an op-
portunity to exonerate himself from the charge
made against him. He should not shrink from the
performance of any duty, but he did not know that
it was at all necessaiy to court or desire the per-
foi mance of a painful duty. i
Mr. ARCHER said he merely desired the |
Senator to listen to the consequences of his pro- j
position. The Senator desired, he said, to give an !
opportunity to the editor of the Union to explain :
or to retract. He had already had four days in
which he might have done so if he had thought
proper, and m what way had he treated the op-
portunity thus afforded him? He had employed
himself m actually aggiavatmg the original offence.
Mr. BUTLER lcmaiked that perhaps it would
be better to relieve the Senate from the proposi-
tion which heliad made, as he did not know that
it was very likely that it would prevail.
Mr. ARCHER. If the Senator does not mean
to press his proposition——
Mr. BUTLER. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. ARCHER. I have only one thing further
to say, and that is, that, if the mind of the Senator
vacillates as to the course proper to be pursued, it
was an additional leason with him for not acce-
ding to his proposition. He thought it would be
highly inexpedient to solicit from an acknowledg-
ed defamer an apology, which he had already for
four days had an opportunity to make; and now,
if a committee were appointed, it would have the
character of coming to terms of composition for the
insult offered to the Senate. If there was any gen-
tleman who would, in this aspect of the case, be
willing to vote for the committee, he did not envy
that mail for the position in which he would thus
place himself.
Mr. CALHOUN said he very highly apprecia-
ted the high and delicate sense of justice which his
honorable colleague was known to possess, and
which induced him to make this motion. It was
made, he knew, with a sincere desire to afford to
Mr. Ritchie an opportunity to make some explana-
tion, if he desired to do so, in regard to these pub-
lications, upon the high ground that any person
who is charged with an offence ought to have an
opportunity to exculpate himself. But he did think
(and he trusted that his honorable colleague would
agree with him) that the progress ot this thing had
clearly shown that nothing available could be done
in this way. hi the first place, the editor of the
Union, since the proposition of his honorable col-
league had been submitted, had reiterated his
charges, showing an entire obstinacy; and, in the
next place, gentfemen upon this floor who vindica-
ted him placed their vindication on the ground, not
that the libellous article was published without the
knowledge and consent of the editor, but upon the i
ground that our action in relation to it would have \
the effect of invading the liberty of the press. It j
did appear to him that it was better to come at once j
to a vote upon the resolution, and this he thought !
was the general sense entertained on all sides. |
Being up, he would say that it struck him that :
the grounds upon which they put this matter pre-
sented a most serious issue oetween what was
assumed to be the liberty ol the press on one side,
and the rights of this body to control the conduct
of an individual occupying the position of printer
to this body, on the other. It was put upon the
ground that our printer had business relations to the
Senate which required him to come there and hold
intercourse with the members of that body; and, let
his offence be what it might, if they undertook to
withhold from him the privilege of coming there,
we would have done him a wrong, and that that
wrong was tantamount to an invasion of the liberty i
of the press.
Mr. MASON here re-stated the ground he had
taken in relation to the point just alluded to by the
Senator from South Carolina. It was pie&umed
that the office he held rendered it proper that he
should have access to the Senate, and that, if this
pnvilege were taken from him, he would be de-
prived of a right to which he was entitled; and, if
this privilege were taken away on account of any
thing published by him, it would, in that view, be
striking at the freedom of the press.
Mr. CALHOUN. Precisely. If you take away
certain privileges which aie considered proper to
be enjoyed for the conducting of his business of
public printer it will impair the liberty of the press.
.Now, if you carry out this principle, where will it
end? Suppose he comes into this House and in-
sults a member upon this floor. Suppose he proves
to be noisy, and disturbs us in the exercise of our
high prerogative, would it not be a pioper cxeicise
of power on our part to prevent the continuance of
such disturbance? But if the liberty of the press
is to be set up as an excuse for our forbearance in
the one case—in the case of an atrocious libel upon j
the Senate—it may also in the other. Wheie is to
be its limit? The limit is not to oe found in any
assumed liberty of the piess. It is to be found in
our sole discretion. This is just as much our domi-
cil as the home of a citizen is his; and we are
equally entitled to exercise our discretion as to
whom we will admit and whom we will exclude
from this place, as the citizen has in regard to his
home. Here we are supreme; and who shall en-
ter and who shall not, is a matter of pure option
with us. As to the accidental results, as to whether
it may affect the interests of Mr. Ritchie, that can |
have no possible hearing upon the question before j
us. If he shall have sustained an injury by the ;
i violation of any existing compact, he has a right j
to appeal to our sense of justice. But to deprive |
him of any right that he may have to enter this j
Chamber is no more an infringement of the liberty |
of the piess than it would be for a subscriber to a ■
newspaper to withdraw his subscription if he were j
insulted. No, sir; the liberty of the press, as se-
cured by the Constitution, is another and a very
different thing. The Constitution declares that no
law shall be passed which shall interfere with the
liberty of speech or the freedom of the press.
Now, let me say, there are two ways by which
we may lose a right: one, by yielding it, whether
with or without just cause; the other, by pushing
that right too tar. In my opinion, nothing more
tends to destroy the liberty of the press than to
push it to extremes, as I have peiceived is the poli-
cy 111 this Chamber. It is not the libeity of the
press at all that is involved in this question. It is
a mere question of discretion on our part. But to
comeback to this privilege which tbeeditor has here.
That privilege is twofold: one,as regards the man-
agement of the printing, and the other as legards
giving an account in his paper of what takes place
here. Now, sir, there can be no possible reason
for his coming into this Chamber on account of the
printing, for there is another than the editor who
has chaige of that department of the business con-
nected with their public duty. But it is the editor
who is admitted here, and why? Because, being
the editor, the man more immediately interested in
our proceedings, it is supposed that he should have
an opportunity to know and to converse with mem-
bers here, and to know what is going on, m order
to give a correct and true, full and exact account
of these proceedings. Beyond this his relations
of business with us ceased. The great aggravation
in this case is, that the senior editor of the Union
was here on the veiy day on which the debate re*
specting the constitutional objections to the amend-
ment proposed to the army bill was going on, and
he knew the bill was lost upon that ground; yet,
knowing this, knowing the constitutional scruples
which gentlemen entertained, he came out with a
full report of the speeches made on the other side,
without a single v/ord being reported of those who
entertained doubts as to the constitutionality of the
measure. For this, however, the stenographer is
not blameable, bi^t the business man of the pub-
lishing department. The senior editor, then, know-
ing these facts, publishes this atrocious libel upon
the Senate. Was this fulfilling the object for which
the editor was admitted here, and can he now come
and claim that a deprivation of the privilege ex-
tended to him by this body would be a violation
of the liberty of the press?
Sir, I am myself a strong advocate for the lib-
erty of the press, but when I undertake to defend
the liberty of the press, 1 do not turn my mind in
such a direction as this, where may be seen a train
of mercenary editors bought up by Government
money—a tram more terrible than an army with
banners, proclaiming in a high tone the liberty of
the press is sacred; they themselves, meanwhile,
pronouncing their own contradiction. Sir, I am
obliged to speak fieely on this subject. Now, the
question is, what are we to do ? Gentlemen say,
it you take away this privilege, you will make the
editor more popular. Be it so; that is no consid-
eration of ours. It is ours to do our duty, be it
what it will. I do not admire these questions of
expediency. I do not hold to inquiring how it is
going to operate on public opinion, if we do this,
or do that. Do that which is right, and take the
consequences. Now, we have an important duty
to perform; we are the representatives of the sov-
ereign States; we are bound to protect our respect-
ability and standing, because upon that respecta-
bility depends our influence upon the affairs of the
nation. Now, ask if an individual were insulted
in this outrageous manner, would he leave his
door open for the entrance of ban who had in-
sulted him? No, sir. He would very justly re-
fuse him admission. But you do not take this
course; you publish to the world that your editor
may say what he pleases of you, and yon will not
resent it. I put it to gentlemen, would you act so
in your own case ? And if not, would you act
upon less high principles in regard to the repre-
sentatives of "the sovereign States than you would
in regard to yourselves individually? Sir, I have
no hesitation m this matter. I am prepared to
give my vote §rmly, strongly. I shall not tiouble
the Senate any further in regard to it.
Mr. CASS said: I regret the introduction of this
subject, and still more the course of this discussion.
I do not believe that the character of the Senate
required any such aegis as this. That character is
the property of the country, and amongst its most
valuable property too. From the functions of this
body, uniting portions of the legislative, judicial,
and executive powers, and from the previous posi-
tion of its members, it must always exert consider-
able influence upon public opinion. But us influ-
ence will not be increased by measures like this.
Its dignity will be better protected by its own
course, than by the punishment of newspaper
editors, or of newspaper writers, who may call
m question its action, or the motives of its mem-
bers. I do not say, sir, that a case may not arise
when it may be proper to inquire into assaults
upon the character and conduct of the Senate.
But they must be strong ones—almost extreme
ones—far different from this. Foi myself, I agree
with the Senators from Ohio and Virginia, that the
defensive power of this body is confined to cases
where summary interference is necessary to pro-
tect it m the execution of its duties. This is the
only tangible point. It is clear that the Constitu-
tion confers no such power. As to our assuming
it, because it is exeicised in England by the legis-
lature there, I reject the proposition, as one un-
worthy of our nation. Neither as a part of the
common law, nor as the result of analogy, can we
claim any such power. We have it as a part uf
the great law of self-defence, and it must be limited
by the same necessity to which it owes Us origin.
We can protect ourselves in the execution of our
duty; and if our dignity, as it is called, requires
