418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. IS,
state of the Union, (Mr. Norms, of New Hamp
shire, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration |
of the biU appropriating three millions of dolkis
to enable the President to enter into negotiations y
for the restoration of peace witn Mexico. , j
Mr SEABORN JONES was entitled to the
floor, and addressed the committee during the hour. ji
Premising that he did not intend to occupy much ,
of the time of the House with remarks upon tae ;
bill immediately under consideration, he (Mr. .,.)
passed on to a review of the causes which had in- :
volved us in the war with Mexico. Whether just ,,
or unjust, whether brought on by the Executive ;j
of the United States or by Mexico, war exited; ;
money was requisite to piocurc an honoiaj. ,
peace, or to carry on the war, as the case misht (
be; .and he did not doubt that .1 large majoiity of
the House would readily appropriate all the means.
thMrVJlethen entered upon a reply to the argu- ;
mentor Mr. Stephens, m relation to thecauE.es ^
of the war, which he attributed entirely^to the ,
stubborn folly of Mexico herself. He (Mi. J.) I.
was not for a " masterly inactivity " but for a vig-
orous prosecution of the war, and for cutting off ,
the resources of Mexico, until she came and asked ^
for peace; and then he was for granting peace oil
VS urgently the adoption of the Wil-
mot proviso; andln this connexion, went into an
examination of the scripture argument on the sub- ,,
W^IUNT then obtained the floor, and ;j
addressed'the committee mainly in opposition to
the acquisition, on grounds of public policy, ol any
further acquisition ot territory.
Whilst Mr. H. was speaking, |
Mr. JOHN Q.U1NCY ADAMS, for thn first '1
time since his attack of paralysis, entered the llail. :,
The committee rose m a body to receive luni. Mi. -
Hunt suspended his remarks; and ;
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON then rose, and
said: In compliance with the understanding with ;<
which I selected a scat at the commencement of
the present session, I now tender to the ve"®11|,1« 1
member from Massachusetts the seat which 1 then
selected for him, and will furthermore congvatu- ,
late him on being spared to return to this House ;
Mr ADAMS responded. It is with much;,
pleasure that I again return to your midst. I ad j
I a more powerful voice, I might respond to the
congratulations of my friends and the membeis ot ;
this House for the honor which has been uone
roe. But enfeebled as I am by disease, I beg that j
you will excuse me. 'j
Mr W HUNT then resumed the floor, and :i
entered into a discussion of the general question of j;
the war, showing that the longer it continued the ;
ercater would be the amount of indemnity required .;
from Mexico—thus increasing the difficulties ot |
final adjustment. ^
[In the course of the day, a message m writing 'j
was received from the President ot the United ,
States. See Senate proceeding* for this message. J ■ |
The message having bqen read, some conversa- - J
tion followed; when . 1
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered the following
resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That so much of the President s mes-
sa^e, this day presented to the House of Repic- ,
sentatives, as relates to an increase of military ]
officers, be referred to the Committee on Military j
Affairs; so much as relates to additional impost, to I
the Committee of Ways and Means; and so much
as relates to the war with Mexico, to the Commit- ;
tee on Foreign Affairs, with instructions to report J
thereon promptly.
- Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL also asked leave to ;
offer the following resolution: j
Whereas, the distress by famine, disease, and
desolation of Ireland, a country with which this is j
connected by kindred ties, calls for that relief which 1
these United States are of all countries best able to ij
afford: '!
Resolved, That it be referred to a select commit- ;i
tee to consider and report to this House what relief |
may be afforded to Ireland. '
Mr. RATH BUN objected. ,■
Mr. HUDSON then took the floor, and resumed j
the debate. He discussed the war and connected <
topics, maintaining that the war was brought upon ::
us by the act of the President in ordering the ad-
vance of our army to the Rio Grande—into a terri- 1
tory without our jurisdiction—where Texas had
never extended her authority, and had 110 claim,
except a mere paper claim and declaration that it
was hers. . , . tl .
A word or two of conversation took place on this
point between Mr. HUDSON and Mr. PILLS-
BURY—Mr. P. controverting the position ot Mr.
Hudson, and declaring that Texas had a permanent
force which had ranged within that territory foi
years over the inhabited part of that frontiei, and
which, with other acts of jurisdiction, constituted
the basis of a sound claim 011 the part of Texas to
the Rio Grande- , . , . ,m voei
Mr. HUDSON (resuming) admitted that iexas
had settlements in the valley of the Nueces, out
never upon the Rio Grande.
He referred to the comparison which gentlemen
had attempted to institute between this war and
th it of 1815—instituted, he said, because this wai
could not be justified upon its own merits, and
maintained that, instead ot resemb mg this wai
was the veiy reveiso of the war of 1812; the war
of 1812 being just—this, unjust; that being defen-
sive—this, aggressive; that, commenced anil pros-
ecuted to extend the freedom of the seas—this, to
extend slavery on shore.
He defended the right of Congress to withhoId
supplies to an unjust war. To deny it was to
assert, that we were already tinder a nuhtaiy des-
potism, and not a free people. The power of the
people, through their representatives, to withhold
supplies, was their peculiar prerogative under our
Government, and was a doctrine « iornndable to
tvrants only."
He reviewed the course of the Administration
in its different stages, and their admissions, to show
that this was a war of conquest; and alluded to the
various, almost insurmountable, difficulties which
stood in the wav of our success. . ,, ,,
He considered it, then, his duty to withhold
supplies of men and money tor more extended
movements; but would pay our forces a ready in
service. His policy would be to withdraw our
army to our own territory, and this not with ref-
erence to Mexico, but with reference to ourselves,
to self-respect, to truth,and justice; and then pro-
claim to Mexico and the world that we want none
of her territory; that we want nothing but a just
and honorable peace, with such indemnity as she
mav owe our citizens. This proposition would
bring Mexico to terms, and secure peace in a very
short period. Mr. H. having concluded,
Mr. .IENKINS rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: The remarks which I propose
to make at this lime will mainly be devoted to the
support of the amendment ottered by the honorable
-entleman from Pennsylvania. Notwithstanding
The exciting nature of the subject, I am happy to
notice that'll has been treated, both by the North
and the South, generally, with the cool deliberation
suited to its importance. It lias been suggested
upon this floor, that the support of this proviso
is nil act hostile to the Administration, and tends
to embarrass the Government ill the prosecution
of the war. For the purpose of showing that this ,
opinion is founded in inisappiehension, it is proper
to take into consideration the legislation upon the
subject of the war.
On the thirteenth day of May last, Congress
passed an act recognising the existence of war with
the republic of Mexicp. By the same statute, the
army and navy were placed in the hands of the
President, and the Government authorized to in-
crease the amount of seven millions then m the
treasury by the loan of ten millions of dollars, and
to raise fifty thousand volunteers, for a vigorous
prosecution of the war. Upon the passage of this
act, one hundred and seventy-four members of
this House voted in the affirmative, and fourteen
only voted in the negative—making a majority in
favor of the measure larger than can be found upon
so important a subject from the days ot Jetterson
to the present time. The confidence of Congress
in the Government was further evinced duiing last
session, by the most liberal appropriation bills for
the maintenance of our army and navy.
Congress has manifested a similar spirit at the
present session. The bill under consideration was
made a special order for the first day of March in-
stant. But in order to hasten the passage of some
important appropriation bills, the bill in question
was postponed to the eighth instant. Aware or the
large amount of men and money necessary for a
vigorous prosecution of the contest, we have at
this session authorized a further loan of twenty-
eight millions of dollars, and the raising of ten
regiments for the increase of the regular aimy.
Appropriation bills, suited to the gigantic undev-
takine of the Government, have been passed with
unexpected unanimity; and every war measure
recommended by Government of any considerable
importance, has already passed this House. On
the part of the Government, the war has been
prosecuted with commendable vigor and brilliant
success. A large amount of territory, equal to
one-third of the whole Mexican republic, is now
under our control. It rests with the Executive to
direct the further operations. Men and means
have been provided by a patriotic country, and a
soldiery not less patriotic have given in the past, a
pledge of future bravery and renown.
The essential war measures having been pro-
vided for, the President has thought proper to in-
vite our attention to the subject of peace. Upon
his recommendation, the Committee on Foreign
Relations have introduced the bill in question,
-which provides that "the sum of three millions
i 'of dollars be hereby appropriated, out of any
i ' money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
I ' ated, to enable the President to conclude a treaty
i £ of peace with the republic of Mexico; to be used
' ' by him in the event that said treaty, when duly
1 < ratified by Mexico, shall call for the expenditure
! ' of the same, or anv part thereof."
| This bill is not a war but a peace measure.
! The money cannot be drawn from the treasury
; , until the republic of Mexico has agreed on terms
' for adjusting her difficulties with this country.
How soon that event will occur is a question of
great doubt. Present appearances are not propi-
tious of early negotiation. But it may be wanted
at some tune; and, before voting for the bill, I shall
not fail to inquire, to what specific purpose is this
three millions of money to be devoted? When it
is remembered that our Government has announced
its determination to require of Mexico the pay-
ment of the immense amount due our citizens for
spoliations long since committed, and an adequate
indemnity for the expenses of the war, as condi-
tions of peace; when we consider that Mexico is
unable to raise money for that purpose, and that
the surrender to us of a portion of her territory is
the only way in which she can make the required
recompense—we shall not be at a loss to know
why our forces have taken possession of that por-
tion of Mexico, which, from its contiguity to our
own dominion and its commercial and agricultural
advantages invites the hardy industry and resist-
less enterprise of our people. Our laws are al-
ready administered there; the press is scattering in-
telligence in our own language there; and an army
has been sent to California, with express orders to
be disbanded westoftheRockymountains. When
that army shall return they will bring the country
with them. ...
Upon the return of peace and the acquisition of
a part of the Mexican territory, it may well be
expected, that expediency as well as justice will
I suggest the propriety of paying to the Mexican
! Government this three millions as a balance due
Mexico, over and above her indeotedness to us,
; for the territory we shall acquire. This is the
purpose for which the three millions is wanted.
1 When we consider how much more than sne can
: pay Mexico owes already, it would be idle to ask,
| for what other purpose can the three millions be
required ?
| When we are thus taking measures for a per-
; manent acquisition of territory, ordinary prudence
forces upon us the inquiry, To what purpose shall
this territory be devoted > Shall it be hallowed by
j free and cheerful toil, or must it be condemned to
. yield a stinted supply to the reluctant labor of the
j! slave? The proviso under consideration is m-
|i tended to perform the office of reserving this ter-
i ritory to the enjoyment of free labor, fcoinc effort
j1 has been made to brand this movement wuh hard
; 1 names, and to impress upon it the odium of Aboli-
' tionism. But the day has gone by when men can
be driven from the performance of their duty by
such expedients. This is no Abolition project.
The proviso does not interfere with slavery m the
States where it now exists. With that subject we
have nothino- to do. WTe take this up as a great
national question—a question untrammelled by
any vested risht—one which addresses itself to us
not as mere philanthropists or partisans, but as le-
gislators.
