1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
I maintain that the introduction of this institu-
tion into this new territory will weaken our capa-
city of self-defence in time of war. The most
prominent feature in a slave State is the division
of the country into extensive plantations, each oc-
cupicd by a single mansion, the abode of the mas-
ter, surrounded by huts—if not the fit, they are |:
the emblematic tenements of his slaves. From ;i
the nature of the institution, the free population [i
must be thinly scattered, little able, for want of |j
numbers, to defend themselves against an invader. |j
The slave, instead of adding- protection and
strength to the country, has the strongest possible |j
interest to render aid to the enemy. Liberty
would be held out to him by the invader. Little tj
as we may now fear that lethargic spirit wrapped h
up in that sable skin, the promise and prospect of jj
freedom would wake up an enthusiastic energy h
and courage there, not much resembling the qui-
escence of a chattel, but kindling with high hopes, H
and wearing the resistless aimor of a man. 1!
The danger in time of war, arising fioin the in-
troduction of slavery into this now free territory, j'
would be greatly enhanced by us distance from |i
the heart of our military power. Bordered by the i'
Pacific on the west, and the remaining posses- j
sions of Mexico on the south, it would ever be ij
exposed to incursions by sea and land. _ A popu-
Jation endowed with the greatest capacity for de- i,
fence, should make that country then* homes, i,
No feeble institution, incapable of sustaining us j;
own weight, should be planted upon this extreme ,
outpost. Such is the long-known disposition of;
the Mexican race, that they will not fail of an
effort to reconquer the territory they shall have
lost, whenever we may be engaged in a war with
some other more powerful nation. It is proper to
advert to testimony better than any opinion of
mine upon this subject. During our trouble with
Great Britain, at the last session of Congress,
then bearing indications of war, a respectable
writer in Charleston, South Carolina, in his jour-
nal, urged the amicable settlement of the Oregon
question, in the strongest terms, setting foith as one.
of the main reasons, that a war with England
would be likely to result m the uprising and liber-
ation of the slaves in the South. If such were the
fears excited in the bosom of our Union, sur-
rounded by the most efficient aid on all hands,
what should be our apprehensions of the safety of :
the same institution, situate upon an enemy's bor- j
dcr, remote from our dense population, and of dif-
ficult access ?
But the tendency of this institution is to unfit
the master for fatigue and hardship, and hence to
weaken his capacity for his country's defence.
Hardy toil in youth constitutes the best training
for the soldier. It is this which gives consistence
to the muscles and vigor to the constitution. This
will fit him to bear fatigue and suffering with pa-
tience, and enable him to resist the inroad of dis-
ease arising from exposure. Whatever shall le-
gitimately tend, without infringing upon public or
individual rights, to a general distribution of all
the comforts of life; to the increase of a moral
and industrious population; to the dissemination of
knowledge among all classes; has a strong bearing
in favor of national wealth and power, and should
not be lost sight of in the halls of legislation.
Slavery promotes none of these blessings; its ten-
dency is contrary to them all. If, therefore, we
have the power to exclude it from the territory in
question, our duty cannot well be mistaken.
This proviso is opposed mainly upon constitu-
tional grounds. No extended argument is required
to place this question distinctly befoie the mind.
There is nothing in the Constitution which seems
to contemplate the annexation of territory not then
belonging to the United States, to the Union.
This power has been exercised upon several occa-
sions, and it is now too late to call it in question.
When annexed, it falls within the second section
of the fourth article of the Constitution, which pro-
vides that " Congress shall have power to dispose
i of, and make all needful rules and regulations re-
' specting, the territory or other property belonging
4 to the IXnited States." By a clause in the eighth
section of the first article of the same instrument,
Congress has the power " to make all laws which
4 should be necessary for carrying into^ execution
* all powers vested by the .Constitution in the gov-
ernment of the United States or any department
* or officer thereof." If Congress, then, has the
power to make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting the territory of the United States, and all
necessary laws to carry that power into execution,
it requires but little argument to show that a law
prohibiting slavery in n territory, is among the
powers granted to Congress by the Constitution.
Indeed, when it is seen that nothing is found in the
Constitution in any manner forbidding the exer-
cisc of this power by Congress, the power is too
obvious to admit of dispute.
But as this power is denied with great vehe-
mence, it may be proper to detain the committee a
few minutes longer upon this question. In 1787,
just prior to the adoption of the Constitution, Con-
gress, then acting under the Articles of Confedera-
tion, passed an ordinance containing a clause pro-
hibiting slavery m all of the territory northwest of
the Ohio river. If this celebrated clause in the or-
dinance was repugnant to any of the provisions of
the Constitution, it is obvious that the adoption of
the Constitution of the United States, which took
place soon after the ordinance was made, would
have operated as a repeal of the freedom clause in |
the ordinance. But the highest judicial tribunal in ]
Kentucky, as early as 1820, solemnly adjudged
this clause in the ordinance to be in full forcp.
This decision has no\or been controverted, but has
been adopted by several subsequent decisions in
other States.
The action of Congress has been uniform in sup-
port of this right. The act known as the "Missouri
compromise, prohibited skwery in the territory of
the United States west of the Mississippi river, and
notth of the thirty-sixth degree and thirty minutes
of north latitude. The constitutionality of this
law has never been denied. In the year J822,
Congress passed a law prohibiting the introduction
of slaves from any foreign country into the then
Territory of Florida. Will any one claim that this
was unconstitutional ?
But, Mr. Chairman, I have another case of the
highest authority—an authority which honorable
gentlemen who take the other side of this question
by no means should question. It will be remem-
bered that a few days since, wh^n the bill to organ-
ize the Territory of Oi c^on was in progress through
this House, the honorable gmtleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] proposed an amendment to
thntbill, fixing the line for slave territory at thirty-
six degrees and thirty minutes of north latitude.
The honorable mover of that amendment, with
those who deny the power generally, voted in favor
. of that amendment; thus explicitly admitting, by
their most solemn q^ts, the power of Congress to
control this question. Acts are better evidence of
the real opinions of men than declarations. Thus,
upon authority of the highest character, judicial
and legislative, am I borne out in the conclusion,
that the Constitution has vested in Congress the
power to prohibit the introduction of slavery in
territory thus acquired.
But if the Constitution was silent on this sub-
ject, no doubt could be entertained that a govern-
ment having the power to acquire territory, neces-
sarily must have, as an incident to thnt power,
the right to govern and control it.^-ff, for the
common good, it should become necessary to ex-
clude, by legislation, an institution in its natuie
and practical effects calculated to endanger pub-
lic safety, fan it be doubted thnt adequate power
is lodged in the. National Legislature to effect this
object ?
This question is to be decided without reference
independence be deeply felt when the decision shall
be made.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Brodhead,] who early addressed the com-
miitee in opposition to this amendment, gravely
told us that he did not know that the three mil-
lions were designed for the acquisition of territory;
and this, too, after the chairman of the Committee
; on Foreign Relations, who reported the bill, had
! stated tlutt it was designed for such acquisition.
; I have already shown, fiom well-known facts, how
ji futile this argument is. But if men make up their
;! minds how to vote before examining the case, all
[ we can expect, is such ieasons, sound or unsound,
i; as may bo at command.
j My honorable colleague, [Mr. Strong,] and the
i honorable gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Chip-
i max,] with two or three members from Pennsyl-
| vama, have crossed the dividing line to prop up
I the falling fortunes of this decaying institution, ft
! is true that they do not directly advocate the ex~
! tension of nlavcry over this now free territory, but
j they arc opposed to this amendment at this time;
: they are desuous of frupaorting the compromises of
the Constitution; (hey go not wish to debar the
| shtvcholdcr jrom enjoying the benefits of the coun-
lj try in question.
jj What of substance is there in this question of
j. time ? Are not all of the important war measures
i, provided for? Does any one expect to coax the
Mexicans into terms of peace by the exhibition of
extraordinary unanimity on this project, when the
main war measures have been carried with such
large majorities? When will a more propitious
day for the settlement of this question arise ? Can
i we expect that at some future time our friends at
j the south will yield this question ? Next year we
may be at war with a more potent enemy; now we
I have no fears to disturb our deliberations. But if
: there be danger, let us meet it; not wait for danger
j to overtake us. Should terms of peace be agreed
on, and the territory acquired by treaty, in what
respect will the time for the settlement of this ques-
tion be more propitious than now? Obviously none
j whatever.
1 Experience has shown that delay on questions
! of this sort is productive of no beneficial result.
! At the last session, we passed the bill to organize a
i territorial government in Oregon, including a clause
; prohibiting slavery. The Senate did not act upon
I the bill. At this session, we have passed a similar
| bill, with a like restrictive clause; and already the
i committee in that body, to whom the bill was refer-
| red, have struck out that restriction; and soon the
| bill will be returned to this House, amended to suit
| the slave power. Will gentlemen boggle upon this
question of time, and allow slavery to be establish-
ed in Oregon too? Shall it be said that we are at
war with Mexico, and therefore it is not the right
time to raise this exciting question in Oregon? As
well might the question of time be raised in regard
to Oregon as to this particular portion of the Mexi-
can territory; for both countries in substance are
now equally ours.
Gentlemen will not seriously claim that any com-
promise in the formation of the Constitution had
anything to do with the question of slavery in the
territories.
Mr. Chairman, the country looks upon the dis-
cussion of this question with some anxiety. Re-
ports of every description, some perhaps accurate
and some untrue, are in circulation upon this sub-
t , 1 v i e   !' ieet. It is rumored that the Missouri compromise
to the ordinary division of party politics. *rom . e said sundry
annunciations made upon this floor, the fcouth, ' 1Ss qn tu „r:n
Whig and Democrat, present an unbroken front \\ members, to aid the wishes of the South, will in
in opposition to this amendment. The South do ^ conrnntu*, when the aves and noes cannot be cal -
i n i i • i ,■ l-n.f n-itl-i i> ed vote, acramst the VVilmot pioviso. iHLence, it
not skulk behind any question of tune, but  i h f>, oie „
  —— - - j ' .,1 „ „•« |i this proviso shall be thus defeated in committee.
manly independence have, told us that now is Hie , '"'I""1" u „„„„„„
'• 7  -.j- ,„iw> ;■ direct vote on the question in the House may be
avoided. I trust this rumor is untrue. But, it
true, let it be remembered that a vote in committee
1 on a question so important as this, different from
a vote in tiie blouse, will be recorded in characters
indelible by an honest and insulted constituency.
No man can vote unseen; and the newspapers will
! proclaim any dereliction of duty upon this ques-
I When this question was up last year, the State
I of Pennsylvania stood out in the foremost rank on
i the side of freedom. She fought also manfully for
her manufacturers then; but now I am sorry to see
many of her Representatives crossing the line, to
time to raise this question, if ever it is to be raised, hi
! regard to acquired territory. Southern Whigs do
! not stop to inquire whether their votes against the
' amendment will support or oppose the Administra-
: tion. Southern Democrats forbear to make any
! such inquiry, but leave it to the North, the once
i more divided, crippled North, to put forth the halt-
ing and impotent plea, that the measure is an act
. of hostility to the Administration. Whatever may
i be the private intention of any man connected with
this question, is not of the least importance. The
; measure itself, and its bearing upon the country at
' large, and particularly upon the territory to he ac-
quired, is the subject for examination and decision ;,j '"a^;v'^Vder"the flag of the South. When
Let its merits and defects be fully examined, let ,| s0Iemn ceremony of this extraordinary
discussion have its freest range; and let a manly will the soiemu j
