1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Mr. McCLELLAND signified his intention to
vote for the Wiimot pr^yiso, in accordance with
what he believed to be the wishes of his constitu-
ents; and briefly mentioned the points which he
should make in its support, upon constitutional
grounds, as well as those of expediency, and other
propositions he should discuss in his written
speech—(which will appear in the Appendix.)
Mi*. GIDDINGS said hewould present a synop-
sis ot what he would have said were there a more
general attendance of the committee. He said he
desired to call the attention of the country to the
fact that the time had arrived when the great ques-
tion of freedom and slavery were to be passed upon
by tins body. From that issue no member could
escape; each must show whether he be on the side
of oppression or of freedom.
There is now (said he) no longer doubt as to the
objects and ulterior designs of this war. They are
now understood through the country. That ob-
ject (he said) is the acquisition of further slave
territory; it is carrying out the policy of the an-
nexation of Texas. He had regarded that meas-
ure at the time as fatal to the continuance of the
Union. He stated that the policy of territorial
aggrandizement, if continued, must end in the
overthrow of our Government and sepaiation of
the States. He did not regret that an issue so dis-
tinct was presented. He was himself prepared to
meet it.
He rejoiced to gee northern men of both parties
uniting upon this important question. " No more
slave territory" has become the watchword among
the free States. They will adhere to that doctrine.
They will never permit Texas to extend beyond
its actual limits.
He desired particularly to call the attention of
the country to the proposition just made by an
eminent statesman in the other end of the Capitol.
That plan was to take possession of territory large
enough to form twelve such States as that of Ohio.
He proposes to hold this immense territory under
military occupation. That will insure an emigra-
tion into it of slaveholders with their slaves, which
will render it slave territory. If we should not
then obtain it from Mexico, it will be prepared for
revolt, after the example of Texas. If we should
obtain any portion of the territory, it will then be
called slave territory; and we shall be told that we
must not interrupt the relation of master and slave,
and therefore it must remain slave territory. He
wished to warn the people of the free States against
this insidious proposition. He insisted that not
another inch of slave territory should be acquired.
The boundaries of Texas must never extend be-
yond the Nueces; nor must there ever be another
slave State admitted to the Union.
He repelled the idea that iiad been thrown out
that the Whig party were in favor of prosecuting
the war. He said he represented the strongest
Whig district in the Union, and that they had
authorized no man to pledge them to the support
of the war.
He replied to the arguments as to the constitu-
tional power of Congress to prohibit slavery from
the territory acquired.
Mr. SEAMAN obtained the floor, and said that
some of the measures of this Congress were as
extraordinary as important. The acquisition of
territory by annexation and compromise—a change
in our system of keeping and disbursing the pub-
lic moneys, and the revenue laws—a war of con-
quest, and a national debt, are among its promi-
nent features. These he should speak of freely
and honestly.
He voted for the two million bill at the last ses-
sion, with the Wiimot proviso, and should vote
for it now. He was willing to go with him that
would go farthest in placing at the disposal of the
President the means to secure a peace with Mexi-
co. He did not believe the bill would accomplish
such a wished-for result; but the Wiimot proviso
would lead him to give his vote for the bill, much
as he disliked it. He opposed the admission of
Texas into the Union, on the ground that it ex-
tended the institution of slavery. He was opposed
to any further extension of it, and thought it ought
to be confined within its present limits. He was
opposed to the war. It was wrong in principle,
and unjust in its inception. It was waged for con-
quest and to extend slavery. The President pro-
voked it. He was in favor of withdrawing our
troops from Mexico to the Rio Grande, or even
across the disputed boundary if it would stop the
war, and lead to an adjustment of the difficulties
between the two Governments. He considered the
sub-treasury an unfortunate and an unwise meas-
ure. It was condemned by all intelligent mer-
chants as a measure of mischief, and ought to be re-
pealed. The specie clause could not be carried out.
He said that the tariff act of 1846 had not an-
swered the expectations of its friends, and he was
not surprised that the Secretary of the Treasury
proposed a modification of it. He would not vote
for any change whatever, or a tax upon the free
list, until the principles of the tariff of 1842 were
restored. He never would abandon the doctrine
of protection until satisfied of his error. But for
the unexpected demand for our productions to feed
the starving millions of Europe, the pernicious
effects of the tariff of 1846 would have been felt
before this.
Mr. HARPERtheti obtained the floor. He briefly
gave notice of points which he should discuss
more fully in his wiitten speech. In it, he should
endeavor to show that this was a presidential war;
a war of aggression: that it was caused by the
movement, by the order of the President, of our ]
troops to the Rio Grande, into a territory which
was not ours, over which, notwithstanding what!
had been said by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. ;
Pili.sbury,] Texas had never exercised junsdic- '
tion: that it was not a war for the redress of gnev- ;
ances; but that the failure of Mexico to make pay- 1
mcnt of indemnities to our citizens, was made the 1
pretext for commencing the war, for the object of '
a permanent acquisition of territory: that the con- !
duct of this war reflected no honor upon the Ad- '
ministration; but that it was a war upon our brave
generals, who had shed lustre upon the arms of our
country He declared himself in favor of the Wii-
mot proviso: it was not a question with the North;
they were decided that no more territory should
be acquired, to be made slave territory. He main-
tained that the whole object of the war was the ;
acquisition of foreign territory, that, the South, in i
all time to come, might have the control of the |
Government, as had been stated in the public papers !
there. The orders to the American army and navy, |
to invade and conquer a portion of Mexican terri- j
tory, and establish political and civil power therein; i
the troops sent by Colonel Stevenson to California,
with their families, implements of agriculture, &c.,
were evidences of the fact.
An additional motive was, to gain or secure poli-
tical power, regardless of the interests of the coun-
try. This is clear, from the course pursued by
the Administration and its friends in and out of
this House, in regard to the conduct of General
Taylor in the war.
This bill (he said) was nothing more or less
than one to give the President three millions of
dollars as secret-service money, to be used, if the
President so please, to fulfil any arrangement he
may have made with Santa-Ana, when he permit-
ted him to return to Mexico, and assume the com-
mand of the Mexican army: that this was giving
aid and comfort to the enemy far beyond any-
thing; in the whole Whig party to afford : that
this money may, and probably will, be used to
bribe and corrupt the authorities of Mexico, both
civil and military, to procure a quasi peace: that
this was in direct conflict with the purposes of
the party in power made h^etofore, which were, to
" conquer a peace;" and not only so, but to revel
" in the halls of the Montezumas:" that he would j
not have any agency in furnishing funds for a pur- \
pose so profligate and disgraceful. He said we j
had now a country unoccupied, of an extent suffi-
cient to make several new States: that he was op-
posed to the purchase of the territory sought by
the President, .that is, New Mexico and Upper
California—an extent of country greater than the
original thirteen States of the Union: that the in-
troduction of this territory into the Union would j
agitate the question of slavery, which, ultimately, J
and at no very remote period, in his opinion, |
would shake this Union from its centre to its cir- 1
cumference, and terminate in the subversion of the !
liberties of the people, and the destruction of the !
union of the States i
Mr. THOMASSON opposed the three million j
bill, either with or without the Wiimot proviso, j
and gavfe his reasons why he voted for it last year. \
He then digressed into some discussion of poli- j
tical topics in general. \
Mr. PENDLETON then obtained the f^oor, and j
moved that the committee rise. 1
The question was put, and no quorum voted.
The committee rose, and the Chairman reported
that fact to the House.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the House ad-
journ.
The question was decided by yeas and nays as
follows: Yeas 13, nays 40.
The House having refused to adjourn—
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
The question was put, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER accordingly ordered the Clerk
to call the roll.
When the call had progressed a few minutes—
Mr. STROHM moved that the further proceed-
ings of the call be dispensed with.
The question was put and negatived.
The roll being called through, it appeared that
fifty-eight members had answered to their names.
The absentees were then called, when it appear-
ed that five other members were present—making
sixty-three in all.
The doors of the Hall were now closed, and the
list of absentees were then again called for excuses;
and Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Bell, Cul-
ver, Dobbin, Lewis, McKay, Pettit, Stark-
weather, and Young, were severally excused.
During the call of the absentees several motions
to suspend the call and to adjourn were made and
rejected.
When the absentees were called through, the
following order was adopted:
Ordered, That special messengers, to be appoint?
ed for that purpose, be sent for the absent mem-
bers, and that they be taken into custody and
brought to the House.
Mr. FARAN moved to suspend the call, and
stated that, as a member of the Committee on Ac-
counts, he had been called on to pass upon accounts
of the Sergeant-at-Arms for arresting members
during the process of calls of the House. It fre-
quently happened, that during the calls of the
House the Sergeant-at-Arms arrested members and
had them in attendanae at the doors of the Hall
when the call was suspended, which always re-
leased members from custody without the payment
of the fine, and the House was then called upon
to pay it.
Mr. F.'s motion was then put and agreed to, and
the call was suspended.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved that the
House adjourn. Rejected.
Mr. COBB moved that the House again resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole. Rejected.
Mr. COBB then moved that the House adjourn.
The question was decided in the negative: Yeas
29, nays 36.
Mr. COBB moved that the House take a recess
until Monday morning next at 9 o'clock.
The SPEAKER decided the motion out of or-
der.
Mr. COBB proceeded to make an argument,
showing that it was in order for the House to take
a rccess.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES again moved that
the House adjourn; which motion was again re-
jected.
Mr. SAWYER inquired of the Chair if it was
in order for him to make a speech on the Wiimot
proviso ?
The CHAIR decided that no speech on any sub-
ject would be in order at this time.
Mr. SAWYER said that he did not think that
any gentleman would object to his making a speech,
as it would be a rich one.
Another motion to adjourn was then made, and,
having been decided in the affirmative,
The House, at a very late hour, adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mt. DELANO: The petition of 45 citizens of Licking
county, Ohio, praying an alteration in mail-route No. 2..098,
in the State of Ohio, so as to include Periytoa post office, at
Elizabfthtown, within said route.
Bv Mr. CONSTABLE: Resolutions of the General As-
sembly of Marvla d, requesting the Senators ami Represent-
atives from that State to obtain an appropriation for building
a I12Su-bo.1t, to be stationed on the Seven-foot Knoll, 111 the
Chesapeake Bay; for a light-house on Greeubary's Point;
and for onf at Fort Cass.
By Mr. FRIES: The petition of J. W. Carter, and 63 other
citizens of Jefferson county, Ohio, praying the freedom of
the public liuirte.
By Mr. CRANSTON: The memmial of Thomas Lloyd
Halsey otal., asking indemnity foi French spoliations.
