424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
since occurred. Other counsels prevailed, and the
consequences had been such as they now saw.
As regarded the objects for which the war had
been prosecuted, and the spirit in which it had been
Erosecuted, he had only to say, that if the war had
een made by the Government of the United-States,
he should have felt himself not only at liberty to
inquire, but he would have felt bound to inquire
into the objects for which it was commenced, and
the objects for which it was to be prosecuted. But
being commenced by Mexico, it was not his prov-
ince to unveil the secrets of the prison-house—the
secrets of the Mexican Government. He was not
called on to determine with what view the Mexi-
can Government commenced the war. Fie knew
the reason which they assigned for it, and that was,
that we had dismembered their territory. But it
was not material who began the war. One of
three things had now to be done. We were en-
gaged in it, and the consideration now was, how
we were to bring it to a speedy and honorable con-
clusion? For, according to his notion, though he
was not so deeply versed in theology as the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, yet, according to his no-
tion of Christianity, peace was the gieat and para-
mount object of all nations. How were they to
get out of the war? It must be remembered that
one party could make war, but that it took two to
make peace. They must either abandon the war
dishonorably, or they must fight it out, or they
must negotiate. As to prosecuting the war with
a view to compel Mexico to yield to our terms, if
this were done, the natural consequence would be
that conquest would be made, and to this gentle-
men on the other side urged formidable objections.
They seemed to deprecate the acquiring of terri-
tory, either by purchase or by conquest.
Again, it was said that if the war were prose-
cuted in any manner they might choose to prose-
cute it, they could not make a treaty that would be
satisfactory to this nation, becausc of the divisions
that exist in relation to questions of local concern;
that one portion of the people would not consent
to acquire territory without certain provisions be-
ing attached, and that another portion would not
consent with those provisions. Were they to be
expected to conform to notions which came to them
from the countries of Europe? Were they to be
guided by notions which wcie promulgated by
what was called the World's Convention, when it
chose to prate about slavery5 Were southern men
cxpected to conform to notions of this kind be-
cause they piocecdcd from England: while history
told them that, in her most extensive possessions
at tins day, her subjects were treated worse than
slaves? Were they to take their examples from
countries where the most oppressive lyranny pre-
vailed? He could not believe there was a man to
be found anywhere who would contend that they
ought to act upon such principles. If the time
should come when this question was to be settled—
when the principle was to be acted upon that no
more territory was to be acquired lost southern in-
stitutions should exist in such territory, he would
say, away with the Union; for, unless he could
have the Union with the institutions which he de-
sired, he would not have it at all. He would have
none of it. He was m favor of a vigorous prose-
cution of the war. He was in favor of prosecu-
ting it with the utmost possible vigor. He was
for making conquests of territory, however they
might dispose of it aftcrwaids, and of men, in
order to compel Mexico to terminate the war.
Another proposition for terminating the war, and
one that came from a source that was entitled to
respect, was, that they should not prosecute it fur-
ther, but take a defensive position upon a ccrtam
line, and hold the country embraced by it subject
to negotiation. It seemed to him, entertaining as
he did the greatest horror of the calamities of war,
that this course was highly objectionable. This
system would entail upon both countries the most
intolerable of all wars—a war of rapine, of murder,
and of secret assassinations. The last proposition
of terminating the war, was to withdraw our army
from Mexico. He was more opposed to this than
he was to the plan of a defensive line. Suppose
they did so, would it make peace? No, sir, gen-
tlemen seemed to have overlooked the fact that if
they backed out entirely, Mexico would occupy
the same position to you that she did before. She
had not been struggling merely for the territory
lying between the Nueces and the Iiio del Noite,
but for the whole of Texas. Were they going to
stop their military operations then, in order to de-
termine whether Mexico shall have all of Texas?
He was for prosecuting the war till Mexico cried,
u Hold,enough !" until our army planted its stand-
ard upon the walls of the city of Mexico, if it were
necessary to go so far, in order to carry the war to
a successful termination.
[A full leport of Mr. B.'s speech will appear in
the Appendix.]
Mr. BADGER then obtained the floor, but he
yielded to
Mr. FAIRFIELD, on whose motion the Senate
went into executive session; and after some time
spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 15, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday having been read—
Mr. BRXNKERHOFF rose, and asked leave to
present certain joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Ohio, in relation to excluding slavery from Ore- i
gon and other Territories which may be hereafter !
annexed to the United States. j
The resolutions having, by consent, been read, i
were, on motion of Mr. B., laid on the table, and |
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROVER asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN (remarking that it was desirable
that there should be a full House) moved that there
be a call of the House; and asked the yeas and
nays on that motion; which were ordered.
And the yeas and nays being taken, the vote
stood: Yeas 20, nays 122.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
the vote stood: Yeas 159, nays 6.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and asked the yeas and nays; which were
refused.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to reconsider the vote.
Whereupon the House again icsolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Norms m the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill appropriating three millions
of dollars to enable the President to enter upon ne-
gotiations for the restoration of peace with Mexico.
[The hour of 12 m. having been fixed, by or-
der of the House, as the time at which the debate
should close, there now remained only something
o\er fifteen minutes for discussion.]
Mr. PENDLETON, who was entitled to the
floor, proceeded to address the committee, not in a
speech, as he had intended, (for he said there was
no time for that,) but in a few remarks, bearing
upon the manner m which he had been excluded
from the floor, and defending himself from any
charge of discourtesy brought against him as
growing out of the proceedings of Saturday.
Mr. P. then took his seat.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the committee rise,
with a view (he said) to submit a motion in the
House, postponing the time for closing the debate
until four o'clock, p. rn.
The committee refused to lise.
Mr. DIIOMGOOLE obtained the floor. Fie
said the time for debate has expired; the time for
action has arrived.
The CHAIRMAN. No. It is not yet twelve.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then said a few words in
favor of the bill, and gave notice of a substitute,
which he intended to offer for a portion of the first
section.
He indicated his intention to raise the question
of order on the Wihnot proviso. If he should
be overruled, he should then attempt to show that
that proviso contemplated the exercise of a power
not granted by the Constitution, and that its adop-
tion would tend to defeat the very object which
the bill itself proposed. He designated it, (the
proviso,) an arrogant assumption of power; as
being of a most pernicious tendency, and as cal-
culated to produce confusion and discord in the
Democratic party.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the com-
mittee proceeded to vote.
Mr. DROMGOOLE sent to the Clerk's table
and had read an amendment, which he said he
would move when in order, as a substitute for the
bill. [This amendment will be found in its proper
order.]
The question being proposed on adopting the
preamble of the bill—
Mr. WINTHROP rose to order, and inquired
of the Chair whether, when there was a preamble
to a bill, the question on the preamble was not to
be decided last in order?
The CHAIR ruled that the sections of the bill
must first be passed upon.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said, that as his amend-
ment was a substitute for the whole bill, the ques-
tion on its adoption must be deferred till opportu-
nity was afforded to perfect, by amendments, the
original bill.
Mr. STEWART proposed to amend the bill by
inserting a proviso as follows:
" Provided, That the three million dollars hereby appro-
priated shall not be paid until a treaty shall be ratified by
the United States and Mexico."
i Mr. PRESTON KING wished to offer as an
I amendment to the bill the Wilmot proviso; but,
1 after a discussion on order, withdrew the motion,
1 and gave notice that he should offer that proviso at
the proper time.
After some further discussion and a great deal of
movement and disorder in the committee, which
required the Chairman frequently to suspend all
proceedings until order could be restored—
Mr. HAMLIN moved the Wilmot proviso as
an amendment to the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE raised a question of order,
insisting that this motion was not in order while
| the committee were engaged on the first section of
I the bill.
I To ubviate this objection, Mr. HAMLIN modi-
fied his amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND contended that he had
been entitled to the floor, having addressed the
Chair, and having been recognised by the Chair-
man.
A long dispute arose on this question.
The CHAIR having overruled Mr. McCjler-
nand's claim to the floor
Mr. McCLERNAND took an appeal.
Ihe CHAIR repeatedly but vainly endeavored
j to bring the committee to order; when
| Mr. McCLERNAND, to avoid difficulty, with-
| drew his appeal, and yielded the floor to
j Mr. HAMLIN, who insisted on his motion of
j the proviso, as follows:
1 "Provide,?, further, That there shall be neither slavery nor
' involuntary servitude in any territory on the continent of
j America which shall hereafter be acquired by or annexed to
| the United .States by vutue ol this appropriation, or in any
, oihrr manner whatever, except for crimes whereof the party
shall have boon dulyeonvicted: Provided, a/wi/*, That any
[ pei.-on escaping into biich territory frun whom labor or
I seiviee is lawfully el.tuned in any one of the United State*,
l such tnmtivp may be lawfully reclaimed, and conveyed out
, of said terntoiy to the person claiming his or her labor or
1 service."
| Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to order, and insisted
j that the amendment was out of order, on the
| ground of irrelevancy. It had no natural or just
j relation to the bill. And he called for the reading
; of the rule of order against irrelevant and incon-
gruous amendments.
! The CHAIR, on examining the rule, declared
; the amendment to be in order.
| ^ Mr. DROMGOOLE took an appeal from this
i decision; and the question being on sustaining the
I decision of the Chair, the vote was taken by tel-
i lers, and resulted as follows: Ayes 116, noes 83.
' So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by the
j committee.
j Mr. D0LTGLASS moved to amend the amend-
| ment by striking out all after the word "provided,"
; and inserting—
; "That there shall neither be slavery nor involuntary ser-
i vitude in any territory acquired under this act, or as the re-
sult of the enstinjt war with Mexico, which lies north of 36°
and 30' north latitude, commonly known as the Missouri
compromise line, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes
whereof the paities «hall have been duly convicted: Provided,
always, That any person escaping into such ternfoiy from
whom labor or service is lawfully claimed in any State or
Territory of the United States, such tugitive maybe lawfully
reclaimed and conveyed to the person claiming his or her
labor or services as aforesaid."
The question upon Mr. Douglass's amend-
ment was taken by tellers; and it was rejected:
Ayes 83, noes 109.
Mr. GRAHAM moved to amend the amend-
