1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m.
merit by striking out all after the word " provided,"
and inserting—
" That any territory which may hereafter be acquired by
the United States from Mexico blmtl be disposed of accord-
ing to the terms anil conditions of the Missouri compromise
line of 36° and 30' noitii latitude, and which is heieby
agreed to be extended in case of such acquisitions due west
to the Pacific ocean. That is, siaveiy f-hall lie prohibited
north of that line, and tolerated south of it, if a majority of
the people in any new State desire and authorize it by their
constitution."
This amendment was also rejected on a vote by
telleis: Ayes 81, noes 104.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the proviso as moved by Mv.' Hamlin, it was car-
ried: Ayes 110, noes 89.
So the proviso was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART now called up his amend-
ment; which was read, and, the vote being taken
by tellers, it was negatived by a majority of one:
Ayes 89, noes 90.
Many voices demanded a new count; but
The CHAIR pronounced the amendment to be
rejected.
Mr. WINTHROP, desiring to give the com-
mittee another opportunity to express its mind on
the substance of this amendment, moved it again,
though in a somewhat different form, viz: to in-
sert after " ratified by Mexico,'' the words " and
the United States."
Mr. GORDON and Mr. TIBBATTS spoke on
the question of order, maintaining this to be the
same amendment which had just been rejected.
But the CHAIR decided that, though its effect j
might be the same, its shape was different, and
presented a different question.
The vote was taken by tellers, and was reported
to be: Ayes 86, noes 94.
So the amendment was rejected.
Thequestion nowrecurred onMr. Dromgoole's
substitute for the whole bill, as follows:
Stiike out all after the word "that,'* m tin; second line,
arid insert* "A sum of money not exceeding three millions
o£ dollars:, be and the same hereby appropriated, lor the
purpose of defraying any extraordinary expenses which may
be incurred m order to bring the existing wai with Mi.\u o
to a speedy and honorable eorichwon, to be paid out of any
money in the tieasonynot otherwise appioprtated, and to lie
applied under the direction of the President of the United
States, who shall cause an account of the expenditure
thereof to be laid before Congiess ;is soon as may be." <
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend it by append-
ing the words of the Wilmot proviso.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made opposition to this on
a point of order.
Mr. ASHMUN asked him whether he would
not accept the proviso as a modification ?
Mr. DROMGOOLE strongly objected: he would
do no such thins;. *
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS proposed amending
the original bill so as to disclaim all right in Con-
gress to act on the question of either admitting or
excluding slavery in the Territories.
But the CHAIR ruled it to be out of order, there
being already a question before the House on the
amendment of Mr. Ashmun to the amendment of
Mr. Dromgoole.
The question was taken by tellers, and resulted
as follows: Ayes 105, noes 77.
So the proviso was appended to Mr. Drom-
goole's substitute.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he was aware that, as
the committee had taken action on his amendment,
he had not the right to withdraw it; but he respect-
fully asked leave of the committee to withdraw his
(now) deformed amendment.
Mr. WINTHROP and Mr. SCHENCK spoke
to order; when
The CHAIR decided that, although the gentle-
man from Virginia could not, as of right, withdraw
his amendment after it had been acted on by the '
committee, yet it was in the power of the commit- 1
tee to permit him to do so.
Mr. WINTHROP took an appeal from this de-
cision, and called for the reading of the rule of order;
which was read.
The question being put upon the appeal, there
were but 48 votes for sustaining the decision of the
Chair.
So Mr. Winthrop's appeal was sustained, and
the decision of the Chair reversed.
Mr. BARRINGEK said that, as the amend-
ment of the gentleman from "Virginia had once been
ame«4ed and the vote taken, he presumed it would
now be in order to amend it fuither by adding as
follows:
" Jlndprovided further, in the opinion of this House, no
territory ought to he acquired by virtue of this appropriation
by the United States west of the Rio Grande."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. BIGGS proposed to add an additional pro-
viso, as follows:
" Provided, The prohibition herein declared shall not ex-
tend to any territory south of 36 deg. 30 min. of north lati-
tude."
But the CHAIR ruled it to be out of order.
Mr. BIGGS remonstrated.
Mr. RATHBUN said that, as the proviso already
adopted prohibited the introduction of slavery in
any part of the new territory, the amendment now
moved, which proposed to admit it south of 36°
30', was inconsistent with it, and therefore could
not be in order.
The CHAIR ruled that it could not undertake
to decide on its consistency; and, on reflection, de-
clared Mr. Biggs's anmendment to be in order.
The vote was thereupon taken on its adoption,
when it was rejected, without a count.
Mr, BAYLY moved that the committee rise, and
report the bill as amended, with a recommendation
that it do not pass; but withdrew the motion until
the vote should be taken on the preamble.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to strikeout the pre-
amble; the motion was rejected.
The committee then rose and reported the bill,
as amended.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved the previous
question, which was seconded; and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
The main question was first on agreeing to the
amendment (the Wilmot proviso) reported by the
Committee of the Whole.
The question was decided by yeas and nays, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qniney Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, As-hinuii, Benton, BianeJmid. Bnnkorhotf, But-
lington, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll,
Catheart, Collarucr, Collin, Cranston, Culver, Cummins,
Darragh, Delano, De Molt, Dillingham, Dixon, Dnnlap, £<l-
^all, Ellsworth, John II. Ewing, Faian, Foot, Fo.-tei, Fiies,
Gamu, Guiding. Goodyear. (.J-ni den, Gunnel I, Grovet. Hale,
n.imlm. Hampton, Ilatpci. Henley, llem\, Hh«p, Elm; B.
Holme--. Hough, J. W. Ilou-ioit, Samuel I). fluhbaid. Hud-
son, Ilungeitotd, Washington Hunt, Jamc B. Hunt, Jo.-eph
K. inueisolt, Jenkin-, James II Jolm-mi, Kennedy, Daniel i
P. King, Tie ton King, Lawrence, "Levin, Lewis Maelav,
McClelland, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell, McGanuhey,
Meilvaine, Marsh, Miller, Motley, Moulton, IViveii, Mor-
ris, Peri ill, Pettit, Pollock, Ramsey, Rath bun, Ripley, Rater,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runic, Russell,
Sawtello, Scanimon. Sehenck. Seaman, Severance, Truman
Smith, Albeit Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B, Smith, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Stroiim, S>kes, Benj. Thompson, James
Thompson, Thurman, Tilden, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth,
Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilmot, Wintlirop, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodworth, Wnght, and Yost—Uo.
NAYS—Moists. Stephen Adams Atkinson, Barringer,
Bayly, Bedniger, Bell, Btgsr<, James Black, James A. Black,
Bowdon, Bowliti, Boyd, Btookenbrough, Biodhead, Milton
Brown, William G. Brown, Bmr, J. G. Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke,
Cobb, Cocke, Constable, Cottiell, Crozier, Cullom, Cun-
ningham, Darnel, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Dobbin, Doekuy,
Douglass, Dromgoole, Ellett, Erdman, Edwin If. Ewing,
Ftckhn, Gentiv, Graham, Gridei, IlaiaNon, Ilarmanson,
Hilhaid, IsaacE. Holmes, Hopkins Gfoige S Houston, Ed-
mund W. Huhnrd, Hunter, Chniles J. lnge  soil, Joseph John-
son, Andrew Johnson, G. W. Jones, Seaborn Jones Kauf-
man, Thomas Butler King, Leake, La Seie, Ligon, Long,
Lumpkin, MeClean, McClemand, McD.miol, James Mc-
Dowell, Mellemy, McKav, John P. Martin, Barkley Mar-
tin, Morris, Morse, Newton, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Pendle-
ton, Perry, Phelps, PilWmrv, Reid. Relte, lihett, Roberts,
Sawver, Seddon, A I) Sims Leonard If Sims Simpson,
Stanton, Stephens, St. John, Stior.g, Thihodatu, Tlionms-
son, Jacob Thompson, Tibhatts, Toombs Towns, Tredway,
Tiumbo, Wick, Woodward, and Young—1U0.
So the amendment of the Committee of the Whole
was concurrcd in by the House.
Mr. R. SMITH asked leave to recoid his vote,
and desired to say that he had stepped into the
Senate for a moment, to transact some business
for an absent colleague, not presuming; the vote
would be taken until he returned; his name was,
however, called before he got within the bar of the
House. He would have voted against the Wil-
mot proviso.
The House refused to permit Mr. S. to vote.
« Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay the bill on the
table; which motion was decided by yeas and
nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adam?, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bayly, Bedinger, Bell, Burgs, James A- Black, Bowdon,
Bowim, Boyd, Brockenbrough, Milton Brown, William G.
Brown, Burt, John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke,
Constable, Cottrell. Ciozier, Cullom, Darnel, Dargan, Garrett
Davis, Dobbin. Dockery, Douglass, Dromgoole, Ellett. Edwin
H. Ewing, Fickhn, Gentry, Graham, Gnder, Haralson, liar- j
manson, Henry, Hilhard, Hoge, Isaac E Holmes, Hopkins,
John W. Houston, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hutmrd,
Hunier, Joseph Johnson, Andrew-Johnson, Geo. W. Jones
Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Thomas Butler King, Leake, La
Sere, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, McClernand, McDanieJ, Jas,
McDowell, MeHenry, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkiey
Martin, Morse, Newton, Pariish, Payne, Pendleton, Perry,
Phelps Pillsbury, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Seddon, Alex-
ander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Thibodauxr, Thomasson, Jaeob Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Toombs, Towns, Tredway, Trumbo, Wood-
ward, and Young—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quiney Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, Benton, Jas. Black, Blanchard, Brinkerhoff, Brod-
hcad, Buffington, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell,
Carroll, Catbcart, CoJlamer, Collin, Cranston, Cummins,
Cunningham, Darragh, Delano, DeMott, Dillingham, Dixon,
Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, John H. Ewing, Faran,
Foot, Foster, Fries, Giddings, Goodyear, Gordon, "Gfrinnell,
Grover, Hale, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Hastings, Henley,
Ehas B. Holmes, Hough, Samuel D.Hubbard. Hudson, Hun-
gerlord, Wat-hington Hunt, James. B. Hunt, Charles J. fnger-
.-oil. J. R. rngert>oll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, Preston Kmg, Lawrence, Leffler, Levin,
Lewis, Maclay, McCleaa, McClelland, MeCrate, Joseph J,
McDowell. McGauehey, McDvame, Mar.-h, Miller, Moirfs,
Mo«elev, Moulton, Niven, Noriis,Owen,Pernn, Pettit, Pol-
lock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ripley, Rittei, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Russell, Sawtt-lle, Sawyer,
Scammou, Schenek, Seaman, Seveiance. Truman Smith,
Albeit Smith, Thomas Smith, Staikweather, Stewait, St.
John, Stiohm, Strong, Svkes, Benjamin Thomj^on, James
! Thompson, Thurman, Tilden, Vance, Vinton, Wi ntwoith,
| Wheaton, White, Wick, Williams Wilmot, Winthrop,
\Vrood, Wooodrufl", Woodvvoith, Wright, and Yost—1^2.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurred on the engrossment of the
bill; and, b^ing put, it was decided in the affirma-
ti ve.
The bill being engrossed, was accordingly read
a third time.
The question now recurred on its passage.
Mr. RATHBUN" moved the previous question;
which was seconded. And the main question was
ordered, viz: Shall the bill pass ?
Mr. BRINKERHOFF demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and taken, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,mncy Adams, Andeison,
Arnold, A.-iiuiun,Bunion, Janif •• Black, Blanchai d, Brmkor-
lioh. Brodhead, Buffiugton, William W Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Cart oil, Cathcait, Collainei, Collin, Culvoi, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Pairagh, Delano, De Mott, Dillingham,
Dixon, Dunlap, Edball,ElUwonh,Eidmnn, Joim II. Ewmg,
Faian, Foot, Fries Garvin, Giddings, Good\car, Gordon,
Gnnnell, Gtover, Ilale, Hamhn, Hampton. Hastings Ilen-
lej, Elias D. Holmes, Ilouuh, Samuel D Ilubbard, Hudson,
Htingerfoid, Washington Hunt, Jame^ B Hunt, Charles J.
Ingeisoil, Joseph R. Inger-oll, Jenkins, Jame- H. Johnson,
Ketined\, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Lawrence, Leiller,
Levin, Lewis*, Maelav, MeClean, McClelland. MeCrate, Jo-
seph J. McDowell, McIIvame, Marsh, Miller, Mont's. Mo*e-
ley, Moulton, Niven, Nonis, Owen, P<-n ill, Pettit, Pollock,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Ripley, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Runk, Russell, Sawtelle, Scammon, Sea-
man, Severance, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stai kweather, Stewait, St. John, Stiohm, Strong,
Sykes Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-on, Thurman.
Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Wick, Williams, Wilmot,
Winthiop, Wood, Woodwoith, Wright, and Yo^t— ll.j.
NAYS—Messis. Stephen Adams, Atkij^on, Bainnger,
Baj ly, Bedinger, B'il, Biggs, James A Black. Bowdo-t, Bow-
hn, Bovd, Broekenbiough, Mdton Brown, Win, G. Brown,
Butt. John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Consta-
ble, Cottreli, Cnuntoii, Crozier, Cullom, Daniel, Dargan,
Gairett Davis, Dobbin, Dockerv, Dromgoole, Edett, Edwin
H. Ewing, Fickhn, Gentry, Graham, Gnder, Haralson. Har-
niaiison. Harper, Heniy, Hilhaid. Hoge, N'aae E. Holmes,
Hopkins John W. Houston, George S. Houston, Edmund
W. Hubard, Ilunter, Joseph Johnson, Andievv Johnson. G.
W. lone^, Seaboin Jones, Kaufman, Thomas Cutler King,
Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Lone, Lumpkin, MeClemand, Mc-
Damel, Jame-. McDowell, McGaughey, MeHenry, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barkiey Maitia, MoVm\ Newto'n, Pasri^h,
Payne, Pendleton, Peny, Phelps, lMMimy, Reid, Relte,
Rhett, Rob'Tt", Sawyer, Schenek, Seddon, Alexander D.
Sims Leonard II. Suits, Rimp-on, Tiuman Smith, Robeit
Smith, Stannm, Stephen1-, Tlubodaux, Thoma^.-on, Jacob
Thompson, Tibbatts, Toomh-, Towns. Tredway, Trumbo,
Vance, Vmton, Woodtuff, Woodward, and Young—105.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill, and then moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table. The question
being put, was decided in the affirmative
So the bill stands passed.
ANOTHER QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH, of Florida, rose to
a question of privilege, and commenced speakmg,
when—
Mr. RATHBUN rose to order, but yielded, and
Mr. B. proceeded, indicating his intention to move
a resolution on the subject of a paragraph in the
report of a speech (of Mr. Westcott) in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. J". R. INGERSOLL inquired whether the
resolution did not refer to a proceeding m the Sen-
ate ?
Mr. RATHBUN renewed his objection to Mr.
BfiocKKNiJftouGii's proceeding.
