1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
sought, in defiance of the will of Congress, obsti-
nately to prosecute the war and to use the public
forces for this purpose, Congress in such case, he
held, had the right to exercise the only remaining
constitutional power of controlling the Executive
by withholding the supplies, because otherwise it
would follow that one branch of the Government
would be able to usurp the power belonging to
another branch, theieby placing that branch whose
power it had usurped under the necessity of abso-
lute submission.
But he had voted these supplies for the war.
"Why? Not because he thought the war was ne-
cessary; be thought it was unnecessary. Not be-
cause it was commenced by Mexico; he believed
it was commenced by the President of the United
States. But he had voted the supplies because the
interests of his country were at stake in the actual
condition of things; because the remedy of with-
holding the supplies, that ultima ratio which was
never to be applied until all others failed in control-
ling the too great extension of executive power,
might produce mischievous consequences; and
therefore, with great respect to the Senator from
Ohio, he must be permitted to say, that when the
Senator thanked God he had not voted any supplies I
for this war, he had better reconsider tile source j
of his thanks, and have voted the supplies which j
the necessities of the case required, for the benefit [
of the country and for the preservation of our !
gallant little army in the perilous position in which !
they were placed, and who were entirely guiltless 1
in the matter, and have united with us in a solemn :
declaration of the purposes for which the supplies i
were granted, and for the purposes for which we j
would not support the war. J
It would then be time enough to consider if the j
President should be so unwise as not to submit to 1
the wishes of Congress. If he should go on upon I
his own authority in controlling the war in such I
manner as he pleased; if he did this, he for one |
would be found side by side with the Senator from i
Ohio. Wot because he would do it willingly. God |
knows he would do it very unwillingly; but, fiom ]
the necessity of the ease, he would unite with the j
Senator from Ohio in refusing the supplies; and he j
would put it to the country, and to the civilized
world, to decide whether the disastrous conse-
quences which must follow from such an unsup-
ported war ought not to be. attributed to the obsti-
nate and arbitrary conduct of the Executive, and
not to any factious spirit on the part of Congress.
These were his general views m regard to the
character of the war. These were the reasons upon
which he had supported the war; these were the
reasons on which he should continue to vote the
necessary supplies for carrying on the war, until
that state of things arrived to which he had advert-
ed, when it would be seen whether the President
would obstinately persist in prosecuting the war,
from mistaken views of benefit to the country, or
from views of personal ambition; and then he
should stand ready to record his vote against sur- ,
rendering the authority of the representatives of
the people of the United States to direct the pur-
poses and objects of a war sanctioned by them in
the exercise of a power which the people of the
United States had confided to us, and not to the
President.
Mr. B. next adverted to the change which had
come over this war in the course of the year which
had elapsed since its commencement. It was now
plainly and clearly a war of conquest, although the
President in his message informed them that the
war was not commenced for the purpose of con-
quest; that it was not intended to be a war of con-
quest. He did not pretend to impeach the sincer-
ity of the President in making this declaration, but
according to every notion which he had on the
subject, it was clearly and unquestionably a war
of conquest. What did the President say ? He
told them that he was going to prosecute the war
until he had obtained an ample indemnity, not
only for the claims of our citizens against Mexico
for spoliations, but also for the expenses of the
war. Now, m what attitude did this present itself?,
lie supposed it would not be consideied extrava-
gant to assume that the expenses of the war up to
this time would amount to fifty millions; and if
the war were continued for another year, they
would amount to one hundred millions. But sup-
pose fifty millions to be the amount for which we
were to be indemnified. Mexico had a few years
ago shown herself either unable or unwilling to
pay a very few millions of dollars by way of in-
demnity to our citizens. There was every reason
to believe that she resorted to forced loans and con-
tributions for the purpose of paying them, without
succeeding in discharging the amount. How, then,
was it to be expected that she could pay fifty mil-
lions of dollars for the expenses of this war? But
the President was going to say to Mexico, you
must either pay me the money or deliver a part of
your territory; I must have satisfaction in money
or in land. Was it not evident, then, that the plan
of the Administration, that the end and object of
the war was conquest ? He had shown, he thought
conclusively, that the war had been commenced by !
the President, and afterwards sanctioned by Con- j
gress. Here, then, was a war, commenced by us, j
in which we have expended fifty millions of dol- j
lars; and we say to Mexico, We will now settle i
this dispute, if you will pay us in land for the ex- :
penses we have incurred in prosecuting a war which I
we have ourselves commenced. I
Mr. B., in the coursc of his remarks, quoted I
from a message of Mr. Jefferson, in 1805, to show ,
how he undeistood the power to declare war to be j
in the Consress alone. Territory which we had
acquired, and which was in our possession, was
threatened with invasion; but Mr. Jefferson sub-
i mitted the matter to Congress.
Mr. CHALMERS moved an adjournment; but
gave way to—
[ Mr. PEARCE, who said that he rose only for
I the purpose of strengthening a point made by the
; Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] which
i had been controverted by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Sevier.1 The Senator from North
i Carolina had assumed, that if the United States
had a clear and indisputable title to a territory
which was in the actual occupancy and possession
of a foreign power, the taking military possession j
of such territory by the United States would bean i
act of war. In the case supposed, it would be a |
rightful act of war, but being such, the authority j
first must be referred to the legislative and war- !
making power; that is to say, to Congress; and he
quoted, in support of this position, the message of
Mr. Jefferson to Congress, m December, 1805, in
relation to the posts and territory held by Spain
within the limits of Louisiana in which Jefferson
said that Congress alone being constitutionally
invested with the power of changing our condition
from peace to war, he thought it his duty to await
! their authority for using force in any degree which
could be avoided. TheSenatorfromArkansas here
interrupted the Senator from North Carolina, and
denying this proposition, undertook to oppose the
authority of Mr. Madison to that of Mr. Jefferson.
He referred to the course of Mr. Madison in relation
tothe occupation of what were then called, and slill
are frequently, the Florida parishes of Louisiana.
I sent for the authority which I am about to submit
to the Senate, but did not receive it till the Senator
had passed to another point in his argument; and
, I did not think it proper then to interrupt him.
i Sir, the Senator from Arkansas is mistaken; Mr.
j Madison held no doctrine at variance with that of
i Mr. Jefferson. He did not assume that the Ex-
ecutive, of his sole authority, could take military
possession of territory, even lightfully belonging
to the United States, if in the actual occupancy of
a foreign power. He equally with Mr. Jefferson
recoo-nised the constitutional power of Congress,
and Invoked their authority before taking posses-
sion of that part of Louisiana of which Spain then
held the occupancy. It is true that the Spanish
authorities at Baton Rouge were dispossessed by
a body of armed individuals, in the summer of
1810, who declared their independence, and estab-
lished a government of their own; and that Mr.
Madison, by his proclamation of October 16,1810,
took possession of this country m the name of the
United States. But this proclamation recited that
the territory in question " had always been claimed
'as being within the territory of Louisiana;"
" that a crisis had at length arrived subversive of
' the order of things under the Spanish authority;"
and " that, under the peculiar and imperative cir-
' cumstances, forbearance on the part of the United
' States to occupy the territory in question, and
' thereby guard against the confusions and contin-
'gencies which threaten it, might be construed
'into a dereliction of their title," &c.; and "finally,
1 that the acts of Congress, though contemplating
' a present possession by a foreign authority, have
' contemplated also an eventual possession of the
' said territory, and are accordingly so framed as
' in that to extend their operation to the same."
Now, sir, this instance does not amount to a
contradiction of Mr. Jefferson's authority, and the
position of the Senator from North Carolina, for
the Spanish authoiity was at an end in this terri-
tory, it could not be said to be in the occupancy'
of a foreign Power. And Mr. Madison so well
knew this distinction, that General Claiborne was
especially instructed not to take possession of any
post in which the Spaniards had a garrison; ac-
cordingly no attempt was made to take possession
of Mobile, or any part of the territory around it.
Mr. Madison's proclamation was communicated
to Congress in December, 1810; and on the 15th
of January, 1811, a secret resolution, not made
public till years afterwards, was passed by Con-
gress and approved by the President, the preamble
of which referred to the peculiar situation of Spain
and her American provinces, and the body of
which declared that a due regard to the safety of
the United States compelled them " to provide, un-
der certain contingencies, for the temporary occu-
pation of the. said territory," &c.
In January, 1813, the President sent to Congress
a confidential communication which led to the pas-
sage of the secret act of February 12,1813, which
authorized the President " to occupy and hold all
1 that tiact of country called West Florida, which
' lies west of the river Perdido not now in the pos-
1 session of the United States;" and it also autho-
rized the President to employ the military and
naval force of the United States in maintaining the
authority of the United States in such territory.
Under the sanction of this act, the President sent
orders to General Wilkinson, who drove the Span'
iards out of Fort Charlotte, established a fortifica-
tion at Mobile Point, and occupied the country
west of the Perdido in the name of the United
States.
Mr. SEVIER then briefly noticed some histori-
cal circumstances in connexion with the act of
General Thomas, which had been referred to by
Mr. I'earcd, to show that Congress had after-
wards sanctioned and approved his conduct, by
making him a donation of sections of land.
While he. was up, he would take occasion to
say, that the removal of our army from Corpus
Christi to the Rio Grande was known to Congress;
for the. Secretary of War had given all necessary
information on that subject in his report winch
accompanied the President's annual message; and
gentlemen could have read the documents with but
little attention, who complained that no notification
had been given of that movement. It was made
known to Congress sufficiently early for steps to
have been taken to prevent it, if prevention were
deemed necessary.
Mr. CASS intimated that he should hereafter
call the attention of the Senate to the letter of Mr.
Marks, to which reference had been so often made,
in relation to a communication which was said to
have been made by the Mexican General, Arista,
to General Taylor, for the prevention of hostili-
ties.
Mr. CHALMERS then obtained the floor, ns
was afterwards understood for Mr. Colquitt, who
was absent, and the Senate went into Executive
session. After a short time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 16, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BOWL1N rose and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER announced that no business
was in order, except by unanimous consent, other
than that which was under consideration yester-
day.
Mr. BOWLIN asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, which was read for infoi mation, providing
that members should be furnished with certain
copies of the Congressional GloDe and Appendix.
Mr. McKAY objected.
The SPEAKER said the resolution could only
be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARPER (on leave given) presented the
following joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Ohio, which were read, laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed:
'•Resolved hy the General jlssemhh, of the State of Ohio,
That our Senators and Representatives m Congress be ie-
que^ted to use their exeitiona m favor of increasing the pay
