432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16.
of the volunteers who have served in Mexico, and for a pro-
vision in favor of those, or their families, who are in indi-
gent circumstances, by an allowance to them during the
existence or such disability.
"Resolved, That the Governor he requested to transmit a
copy of the foregoing resolution to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
c:Re*oloed, That the braveiy, skill, and good conduct of
General Z. Taylor, and the soldiers under his command,
deserve the highest commendations of the country.
"Resolved, That we have full confidence in the bravery
and skill of Major Generals Scott and Taylor, the heroes of
many a hard-fousiht battle, and that the dignity of the nation
and the honor of the army can be committed to the charge
ol no abler commanders.5'
Mr. SEAMAN asked leave to offer a resolution.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the orders of the day.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said, it became the duty of the
Chair to state the condition of the business before
the House. In the fiist place, the House was act-
ing- yesterday under the special order. That would
be sufficient to prevent any other suspension of the
rules. In the second place, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had reported to
the House the bill for the admission of Wisconsin
as one of the States of the Union. The previous
question had been moved and seconded; the main
question had been ordered; and the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Rockwell,] [which
authorizes a grant of the thirty-sixth section, in
addition to the sixteenth section of land, in each
township, to the State of Wisconsin, for the pur-
poses of education.]
Whereupon the House resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to admit the Territory of Wisconsin
into the Union as a State, and of the said amend-
ment theieto pending-.
Mr. ROCKWELL asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were yeas
58, nays 80.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill, having been ordered to a third reading
now, was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. RELFE, (on leave given,) from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill granting
the right of preemption to the inhabitants of Bee-
town, in the Terntoi y of Wisconsin. Head and
committed.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved that the House go into
committee on the special order.
On motion of Ah*. COCKE, the special order
was postponed, for the purpose of calling tiie com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to winch was inferred the amendments of
the Senate to the Indian appropriation bill, le-
poitcd the same to the House; and, on motion,
they were committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McKAY, trom the same committee, repoit-
ed a bill making appropuations for the payment of
navy pensions lot the yeai ending June 3U, 1848.
liead and committed.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the same commit-
tee, to which was referred the Senate's amend-
ments to the bill entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy,
for the year ending June 30, 1848," reported the
same to the House, with a recommendation that
the House disagree to said amendments. The bill
and amendments weie committed.
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was discharged from
the considei ation of the petitions of Charles Blaks-
lee, and of S. S. Bowen, and they weie laid on the
table.
Mr. GORDON, from the committee of Claims,
repotted a bill for the relief of Barclay and Living-
ston, and Smith, Tliurger, & Co. The bill was
read a fiist and second time, and committed.
Mr. MeCLELLAJNL), from the Committee on
Commerce, asked to be discharged from the con-
sideration of the petition of citizens of the State of
New Jersey, of the New Jeisey Steam Navigation
Company, and New Yoik, Providence, and Bos-
ton Raihoad Company, for expenses inclined by
them m maintaining a light-house on Eel Grass
Shoal, and that it be laid on the table. Discharged,
and laid on the table.
Air. GR1NNELL, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill concerning certain col-
lection districts, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. GRINNELL asked that the bill be engross-
ed and read a third time.
The question was put on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time, and decided in the
affirmative.
The bill, being engrossed, was accordingly read
a third time and passed, and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to create the office of
surveyor general of public lands in the Territory of
Oregon, and to grant donation rights to settlers,
and for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and committed.
Mr. McCLERNAND, also from the same com-
mittee, repoited a bill to give the consent of Con-
gress to the sale of certain salt spring lands here-
tofore granted to the States of Illinois, Arkansas,
and Michigan. The bill was read a first and second
time.
Mr. McCLELLAND, of Michigan, remarked
that this bill was reported in puisuance of re-
solutions of his State, which had been referred
(with a bill prepared by himself) to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. By the compact with
the State of Michigan, the State was authorized
to lease these lands, but had not the power of
selling them. The State had expended large sums
of money in their improvement, and an endeavor
to discover what could be made out of the salt
springs on them, and he believed had come to
the conclusion that it was more advisable and pro-
fitable to sell them, and leave the improvement of
the springs to private enterprise. It was a matter
of indifference to the General Government whether
the State leased or sold the lands. And as a simi-
lar bill had passed this House before, he hoped
there would be no objection to putting this bill on
its immediate passage, without commitment. The
lands in the States of Illinois and Arkansas were,
as he understood, in precisely the same condition,
and there could be no valid objection to their being
embraced m the same bill. He therefore hoped
that the bill would be put on us passage.
The question was put on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time, and decided in the
affirmative.
The bill, being engrossed, was accordingly read
a third time and passed, ami sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public. Lands, to which was referred the Senate bill
to extend the time for selling the lands granted to
the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the Deaf and
Dumb, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. MeC. asked that the bill be put on its pas-
sage.
It was read; when
Mr. HENRY moved to amend the bill, by add-
ing a section, including the Asylum in the State of
Illinois.
Mr. CROZIER moved to amend, by striking
out the words " the State of Illinois," and insert-
ing the words "each of the States of this Union."
Mr. HENRY accepted Mr. Crosier's amend-
ment.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out all after the enacting words,
and inserting a substitute; which being afterwards
withdrawn, the reporter had no opportunity to
copy it.
After a few remarks by Messrs. BELL, Mc-
CLERNAND, and HENRY—
Mr. GROVER moved to commit the bill, but
withdrew the motion immediately afterwards.
Mr HENRY and Mr. TIBBATTS now with-
drew their amendments.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. RELFE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the Senate bill to
establish a land office in the northern part of Mich-
igan, and to provide for the sale of the mineral
lands in the State of Michigan and Territory of
Wisconsin, reported the same with an amendment.
Laid on the table.
Mr. JAMES 13. HUNT, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred the Senate bill for
the relief of Madison Allen, reported the same with
an amendment. The bill was committed.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the same commit-
tee, to which was referred the bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands to actual
settlers, and for other purposes, reported an amend-
atory bill. The bill was committed.
Mr. HILLIARD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the Senate resolution for the relief of Orlando Salt-
marsh and William Puller, reported the same'
without amendment. The resolution was com-
mitted.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the Senate bill for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes, reported the same without amendment.
The bill was committed.
Mr. H. also gave notice that, at an early day,
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate
the diplomatic intercourse of the United States.
Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the amendments of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion of the House authorizing and directing the
examination and settlement of the claims of Alex-
ander M. Cummins, reported the same, with the
recommendation that the House concur therein.
The amendments were then read and concurred
in, and the resolution as amended stands passed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee, to
which was referred the resolution of the House of
the 2d of January last, relating to the reestablish-
ment immediately of a line of four-horse post
coaches from Blountsville to Knoxville in Tennes-
see, made a report thereon; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. JAMES McDOWELL, from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, reported the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That Saturday, the 90th instant, be
assigned for the consideration of business relating
to the District of Columbia.
The question was put on agreeing thereto, and
it was decided in the negative—two-thirds not
voting therefor.
Mr. FJCKLIN, by leave, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Illinois, in favor of an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States in
such manner as to change the tenure by which the
judges of the United States hold their offices; and
also, in favor of raising men and money to carry
on the war against Mexico.
Mr. CHAPMAN, by direction of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, asked that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill further to extend
the charter of the Union Bank of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia.
The Committee of the Whole was discharged.
The question recurring on engrossing the bill,
and reading it a third time,
Mr. BOWLIN moved to lay the bill upon the
table, on which motion he asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted as follows—
yeas 77, nays 84.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. ALEXANDER D. SIMS moved to amend
the bill by striking outthe words " 1855," and in-
serting in lieu thereof" 1849."
Mr. A. D. SIMS and Mr. RHETT explained
the bill.
Mr. Sims's amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to amend the bill fur-
ther by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided) That said Bank shall not exercise any
banking privileges, or any other powers, except to
collect and pay its debts and close up its business.
The piovi&o was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; was engrossed and accordingly
read a third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FRIES moved to commit the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN explained more
particularly the objects of the bill. He concluded
that no effort had been made to exercise banking-
privileges.
Mr. BOWLIN indicated his opposition to the
bill, and his intention to record his vote against it;
arguing that it was susceptible of being construed
into a perpetual charter.
Mr. COBB moved the previous question, which
was seconded; and the main question was ordered,
viz: Shall the bill pass?
The question was decided by yeas and nays as
follows: Yeas 84, nays 75.
