THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PR[NTE;P and published at. the city of washington, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, Qd Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1847.
New Series No. 28.
So the bill wa s passed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciaiy, to which was referred the Senate biil to
regulate the exercise of the appellate jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court of the United States in cer-
tain cases, and for other purposes, reported the
same, with the following amendment:
"Jlnd he it jurlher enacted, That in all cases pending in
any of the superior couits of said Territory of Florida, or
in the Court of Appeals of said Teiritoiy, on the 3d day
of Marc.i, j84o, and not legally transferred to the State
courts of {lie State of Florida, and which said tentorial
courts continue to hold cognuancc of,oi piocceded todeter-
miiie afroi said day, or which aie claimed to have been
pending thcioin as couits of the United States; and in all
cases or Federal character and jurisdiction commenced in
said territorial courts after said day, and m which judgment*
or decrees were rendeied, or winch aic claimed to have been
sinco pending therein, the records and proceedings thereof,
and the judgments oi decrees therein, are hcieby tran-lVrted
to the district courts of the United States foi the District of
Florida; and wilts ot criorand Appeals maybe taken b> cither
party to remove the judgments or decrees that have been
madii or may b-% rendered m such cases into the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the Supreme Couit may
hear and decide such cases on such writ of oiror or appeal,
and is-ue it-? mandate to said distiiot couu. Provided, kon-
ecer, Tuat such writ oi error or appeal shall be taken within
one year fiom the parage of tln-> act, or one yeai f.orn the
rendition of Mich judgment or decree heieafter rendered •
•And prjvilcl, a/so, That nothing in this act -'hall b<i con-
strued'as affirming or disarming the jurisdiction, power,
or aurhouty of the territorial judges to proceed m or tiy or
determine sueh cases after the 3d of March, 184.5, but the
same may be refericd to said Supreme Court for decision in
all cases of wiit* of eiroror appeal."
Mr. R. asked that the amendmeutbe engrossed,
and that the bill be read a third time.
After"K few remarks from Messrs. RATHBUN,
G. DAVIS, and BROCKENBROUGH,
The question was put on agreeing- to the amend-
ment, and decided in the affirmative.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. SEDDON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made a report, in pursuance of the resolu-
tion of the House of the 27th of January last, re-
lating to the Smithsonian Institution; which report
was laid on the table.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, to which was referred
the bill from the Senate for the relief of the heirs
of Crocker Sampson, deceased, reported the same
without amendment. The bill was committed.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Tnplett, of Missouri. The bill was read a
first and second time, and committed.
Mr. MORSE, notice having been heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
authorizing the appointment of an additional judge
of the district court for the State of Louisiana.
Read and referred.
Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN, notice having been
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to authorize the serving of subpoenas from the
courts of Maryland within the District of Colum-
bia in criminal cases. Read and referred.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported sundry amendments
to the Senate's amendments to the Indian appro-
priation bill; which were committed.
Mr. CARROLL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the amend-
ment of the Senate to the joint resolution of thanks
to General Taylor, the officers and men under his
command, for their conduct in storming the city
of Monterey, reported the same with the recom-
mendation that the House concur with the Senate
in their said amendment.
The amendment of the Senate consists of the
substitution of the niKt of the following resolves
for that which was passed by the House, vi^:
Resolved, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are
hereby tendeied, to IUujoi G neral Zucbarv Taylor, Ins offi-
cers, aid men, tor the fortitude, skill, enterprise, and cour-
age, winch distinguished the late brilliant military operations
at Monterey.
Resolved, That the Present hi requested to oaus? to bp
struck a gold medal, with devices emblematical ofthis«plon-
did achiivement. and presented to General Taylor a1* a tes-
timony of the high s"riMi entertained by Congress foi his
ju.ltcious and distinguished conduct on that memorable oc-
casion.
28
ResolvcJ, That the PieHdentof the United States be re-
quested to cause fhe foregoing i evolutions to be communi-
cated to General Taylor, and through inin to the army under
his command.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend the
amendment of the Senate, (viz: the first resolu-
tion,) by adding thereto the following:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause gold medals to bo struck, with r-uitable
emblems and devices, and picsented to Major General But-
ler, Major General Hendeison, and to Bugadier General
Twiggs, Brigadier Gencial Worth, and Brigadier General
Quitman, in tfMimony of the high sense entei tamed l v Con-
gress of then gallantry and good conduct in stonning Monte-
icy.
Resolved, That the President of the Unitc^ States bo
requested to present a cold medal, with like emblems and
devices, to the nearest mule relative of Brigadiei Geneta!
Hainej, and to communicate to him the di'ep regret v\hi.-h
Congie*'? feels for t'se lo« of a gallant man, whose name
ongbt to live m the recollection and atlection ol a grateful
country.'*
Mr. CROZIER observed, that if he understood
the amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson,] it proposed to gi\e medals as an
evidence of honorable distinction only to brigadier
generals of the army and volunteer force who were
present at the storming of Monterey. Now, (re-
marked Mr. C.) the State of Tennessee was not
fortunate enough to have a brigadier general in that
engagement, but that State and the country was
very fortunate in having a gallant regiment of Ten-
nesseeans present at this brilliant military exploit,
commanded by a colonel, [William B. Campbell.]
And as this regiment of volunteers and their gal-
lant commander had rendeied most distinguished
services on that memorable occasion, he would
move to insert the name of Colonel William B.
Campbell in the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi.
The SPEAKER observed, as this would be an
amendment m the third decree, it would not be in
order.
Mr. CUOZIER resumed. Well, sir, the gentle-
man from Mississippi has the power to agree to
the amendment I propose, and I hope he will do
so.
Mr. THOMPSON rose and said: With the gen-
tleman 's permission, he would ask him one ques-
tion: Was it the gentleman's intention to give all
the officers present at Monterey medals' If he in-
cluded colonels, he did not know where they would
stop.
Mr. CROZIER resumed. I can answer the gen-
tleman's question, I think, very satisfactorily to
every reasonable man, by asking him another:
Does the gentleman intend by his amendment to
confer a medal on a certain giade of ofriceis, that,
of brigadier generals, merely because they happen-
ed to be present at this engagement, or does he in-
tend to confer it as an evidence of distinguished ser-
vices ? If the former was the motive, then the
medal had very little virtue about it; but if the latter
was the intention of the measure, then he contend-
ed that Colonel Campbell was more deserving of
this honorable distinction than some of the briga-
dier generals mentioned m the gentleman's amend-
ment. This brave commander and his gallant regi-
ment of Tennesseeans had behaved with so much |
hcioissrn that they had earned for themselves the |
appellation which had been given them of the :
<4 Heroes of Monterey." Now, sir, I desire (said
Mr. C.) that the. legislative history of the country
shall conform to the facts of the case, and bestow
rewards of merit where they were most deserved.
The State of Tennessee had reason to be proud of
the gallant manner in which her sons had acted on
this field of battle, which was so honorable to the
whole army. Colonel Campball was the officer of
highest grade from Tennessee in that engagement,
and he considered it due to his State, due to the
regiment he commanded, and to the sen ices of the
gallant commander himself, that he should not be
overlooked while others who had not rendered any
distinguished service were to be rewarded. It the
gentleman refuses to as:ree to my proposition I
shall feel bound to vote against his amendment.
After some conversation between Messrs. JA-
COB THOMPSON, G. S.HOUSTON, BURT,
and GORDON, the latter gentleman moved the
previous question; which was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; which main question
was on agieeing to the amendment of Mr. Jacob
Thompson.
After some inquiries by Mr. A. JOHNSON and
Mr. FARAN, the question was taken by yeas and
nays as follows : Yeas 131, nays 21.
The question now recurred on agreeing to the
Senate's amendment as amended.
The reading of the resolution as amended was
called for. It was read.
Mr. CARROLL observed that it had not evi-
dently been the intention of the gentleman from
Mississippi that the resolution of thanks and me-
dals to the other generals should come first, and
that to General Taylor follow afterward;this would
wear the appearance of an insult to the general
first in command. Could not this be obviated by
changing the order of the ^solutions ?
The CHAIR so id that the second resolution
of the House having been concurred in by the
Senate, it could not now be amended; and there-
fore the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Mississippi must attach itself to the first resolu-
tion and become a pai t of it.
Mr. COCKE inquired whether the mover of the
amendment had not express!}' proposed that his
amendment should come in f< after the second reso-
lution ?"
The CHAIR said that it was immaterial where
the gentleman had desired it to come m: it must
come in where alone it would be in order.
Mr. TIBBATTS inquired whether a vote of
two-thirds would not avail to alter the order of the
resolutions^
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. CARROLL then inquired whether the Sen-
ate's amendment could not be recommitted, and
let the resolutions be imported back m their proper
order5 Could not this be done by the unanimous
consent of the Honsc?
Objections were made in several quavters.
Mr. SCHENCK, with a view to get out of the
difficulty, moved to reconsider the vote of concur-
rence, but he aftei wards withdiew the motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that, after the
resolution as amended should be adopted, the
House could not reconsider and recommit.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired whether,
if the resolution should be recommitted, it would
not be in order to amend the resolution which had
been agreed to by the Senate?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. GENTRY inquired whether this could not
be done by nH\<ns ot a committee of conference?
The CHAIR said it would require the action of
the Senate.
Mr. CARROLL inquired whether it would be
in order to direct the engrossing clerk, when en-
grossing the resolution as amended, to transpose
the order of the lesolutions so as to allow that
which voted a medal to General Taylor to precede
the others?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. SCHENCK renewed his motion to recon-
sider; but did not pi ess it.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, suggested to Mr.
Cooke to withdraw his call for the yeas and nays,
so that the entry might appear on the Journal that
the vote of thanks passed unanimously.
Mr. COCKE thereupon withdrew his call for
the yeas and nays.
And the question being on concuning in the
Senate's amendment as amended, it passed in the
affirmative.
So the entire resolutions of thanks were agreed
to.
Mr. CARROLL again inquired whether the en-
grossing clerk could not be directed to transpose
the resolutions?
The CHAIR said, not until the Senate should
have acted.
Mr. CARROLL. And suppose the Senate
should not act, where will we be then >
The amendment of the Senate to the resolution,
as amended by Mr. Thompson's amendment, was
then concurred in.
