1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
He was inclined to consider, however, that aliens
residing within the country should be exempt from
the rule, because they weie, for the time, subject
to our laws, and bound to obedience; but an ap-
plication such as the present, proceeding from an
alien residing abroad, was unsustained by prece-
dents. He thought the petition ought not to be
received.
Mr. WEBSTER observed, that as the Senator
had not heard the early part of his remarks, he
would repeat them. In his judgment, this was not
a case for the Committee on Foreign Relations at
all. It was a respectful petition from an alien upon
a subject in which no personal claim, as regarded
his own Government, existed. He remembered
the case to which the honoiable Senator referred;
but the conclusion which had been arrived at in
that rase, was altogether a mistake. It was found-
ed upon no principle whatever. It was founded
merely upon the idea that a foreigner could not
petition tlic British Houses of Parliament, whereas
the fact was that a foreigner could petition Parlia-
ment in England just as freely as a subject of the j
realm could. Neither a subject nor a foreigner
could petition for a grant of money without per-
mission from the Crown.
Mr. W. referred to the case of General Boyd,
whose petition was for a giant of money for ser-
vices rendered in India. His petition was endorsed
and received, and $50,000 were granted to him.
He would undertake to say thnt an alien friend
might petition the British Houses of Parliament
just as freely as a British subject; and there might
be cases arising in forty ways, and a contract was
one of them, in which an alien having claims upon
the justice of this Government would have just
as plainly a right to petition Congress as any citi-
zen of our own country. His friend from Dela-
ware near him said it was quite common to re-
ceive and act on petitions from aliens resident in
Canada and Nova Scotia. This one is from
Nova Scotia. And why send a man through so
circuitous a route in order to bring his application
before this Government? Why send him to Eng-
land to have his communication made with so
great formality? The Executive branch of this
Government, upon receipt of such communica-
tion, could do nothing but refer the matter to Con-
gress. The course suggested by the Senator from
South Carolina, if the case had any sort of con-
nexion with our foreign relations, with the rela-
tions existing between us and England, as in the
case of a claim for redress for spoliation, would
certainly be the proper course; but, in cases of this
sort, there could be no possible necessity for it.
Mr. BERRIEN said that he was inclined to
agree with the suggestion of the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, that the proper medium
of communication between a non-resident foreign-
er and the Legislature of this country was the
Executive. He could readily conceive that there
might be cases in which it would be proper to en-
tertain such petitions in behalf of foreigners re-
siding within the United States, because, by rea-
son of their residence, they owed a temporary al-
legiance to this Government. In the case of a con-
tract in which a foreigner was interested, he could
conceive that a relaxation of what he considered
to be the correct rule might be had; but it seemed
to him, in this case, that there was belonging to
the case itself, as it was stated from the Chair,
that which ought to be dccided upon on the ques-
tion of the reception of this petition. It was n
a petition by a foreigner resident in the British do-
minions, in which he called upon this legislative
body not to afford him individual relief, but to
alter the general law of the land for the adminis-
tration of justice. He thought it would be im-
proper to throw open their legislative halls to pe-
titions of this character. Here was an individual
who thought himself aggrieved by a decision of a
judicial tribunal, asking relief from the Congress
of the United States. He was told by the decis-
ion of the court, that, as the laws now existed,
they could not take jurisdiction of the case, and
he thereupon came to Congress to ask that a gen-
eral law of the land might be modified, to enable
him to obtain a decision of his case. It would be
throwing very wide the door for the admission of |
such applications, and he thought it very doubtful 1
as to how far the intercession of foreigners in re- j
gard to the modifiation of our laws ought to be j
entertained. !
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he did not rise to dis- I
cuss this question. It was certainly an important
one, and required, he thought, more mature con-
sideration than they were able at this time to give
it. As there seemed to be a great difference of
opinion in relation to the course proper to be
taken, he suggested that the question should be
postponed until some future time.
Mr. CALHOUN begged to remark, before the
question of postponement was taken, that the con-
clusion to which he had come, instead of resting
on General Boyd's case, arose out of the case to
which he had referred as having occurred during
the late war. The cases were very different from
each other. General Boyd was a general in the
British service. British precedents could not govern
us. We must make our rule conform to our insti-
tutions. He thought it would be well for the Sen-
ate to take further time to delibeiate before deci-
ding this matter.
Mr. WEBSTER said he felt no particular inter-
est in the matter; but at the same time he thought
it would be proper to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to the fact, that the re-
ception of the petition to which reference had been
made, had been objected to on the ground of the
want of reciprocity, it having been stated by a gen-
tleman not now in his seat, that the English Par-
liament did not i eceive petitions from foreigners.
But the distinction was not taken between petitions
for grants of money and petitions for other objects.
All be meant to say was, that he believed it was
generally admitted that the petition of an alien
friend ought to be received.
Mf. CALHOUN said he alluded to the case
which took place in the other House during the
last war.
Mr. WEBSTER. Ah ! that was the petition of
an alien enemy.
Mr. ALLEN said the first time the question had
occurred to him as to the right of foreigneis to pe-
tition Congress, was upon the presentation of Mr.
Buchanan's petition last session; at which time he
happened to be a member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. It was considered by him that
no foreign subject could addtess the Government,
except in the way which the Constitution hau pro-
vided for the intercourse of our Government with
foreign nations, through the Executive. In this
view, he had recommended that the ease of Mr.
Buchanan should be turned ovei to the State De-
partment. He thought he could foresee the dan-
gerous consequences which would result from per
mitting subjects of foreign Powers residing in
foreign countries to come in here and ask for legis-
lation at the hands of Congress. He thought he
could see how foreign Governments, having wick-
ed designs against the United States, might em-
ploy their subjects in creating discussion by the
presentation of petitions. He therefore believed
it would be by far the safest rule, to exclude such
petitions, unless they come through the Executive.
Mr. WEBSTER stated the case of the petitioner.
A few weeks ago Mr. Barry applied to the Supreme
Court for a writ of habeas corpus, in order to es-
tablish his own personal rights, and the court had
dismissed the case for want of jurisdiction. The
petitioner probably wished an extension of the
jurisdiction of the court. Our judicature was
established for the purpose of hearing all cases
which might be brought before it. The petitioner
in this case had committed no impropriety, although
he had been badly advised, and might have been
somewhat ostentatious. He reminded the Senate
of the case of the descendants of Americus Ves-
pucius, which had been received and referred in
both Houses of Congress.
Mr. ALLEN wished it to be understood that
his observations referred only to foreigners who
were residents in their own countries.
Mr. HUNTINGTON renewed his motion that
the further consideration of this matter be post-
poned until Friday next. Agreed to.
Mr. BREESE presented resolutions of instruc-
tion from the Legislature of Illinois, to sustain
measures for bringing the war with Mexico to a
speedy close; which were laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, from the same, to amend the Constitution
of the United States so as to limit the tenure of the
judges of the United States; which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
memorials and petitions.
Mr. DIX presented two memorials from citizcns
of New York, asking that the Tonawandaband of
Indians may be exempted from the treaty of 1842
between the United States and the Seneca Indians;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Sam. P. Armstrong and others, of Lewis county,
Kentucky, asking that a pension may be granted
to Arthur Stevenson; which was referred.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from the
legal representatives of the late Commodore Dale,
of the city of Philadelphia, who was a lieutenant
with the celebrated John Paul Jones; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented fourteen me-
morials from citizens in various portions of the
Union, north, south, east, and west, asking that
the crude materials from which quinine and mer-
curials are manufactured maybe admitted into the
United States fiee of duty; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from citizens
of Washington, in favor of the law to amend the
charter of the city as it came from the House; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill to extend a patent heretofore
granted to Bancroft Woodcock.
Several bills received from the House were read
a first and second time by their titles and appro*
pnately referred.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN,'
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to Arthur Stevenson.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the support of the naval service
of the United States for the year ending 30th June,
1S48.
Mr. WESTCOTT made some remarks in rela-
tion to an amendment which he intended to have
pressed on the consideration of the Senate, touch-
ing the giving of authority to the Secretary of the
Navy to use the public timber in constructing float-
ing-docks, &c.; but as his colleague had, he under-
stood, seveial amendments to ofler, he would with-
draw his.
The first question was upon agreeing to the fol-
lowing amendment reported from the Committee
on Finance:
At the end of the first section add:
2. Jlnd be it fintker enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy bp. and lie* is hereby antliomed, to eau^e to be
constructed,'upon such plan as he may appiovc, a floating
diy-dock at the navy-yatd at Pens'icola, and a floating dry-
dock at the navy-\ ard at Kittery, capable of hf'tine shipt>-of-
th<; line: Prodded, That the sam." shall be done by contract,
upon proposal* received after due notice; for the due ex-
ecution «>t which veinity to the satisfaction of the Sccie-
tnry of tin; Navy shall be taken. The co*t of'that at Pen«a-
cola not to e\cecd the .-urn of tniee hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, and that at Kittery not to exceed three
hundred thousand dollar*; and which fiuns are heieby ap-
propriated out of any money m the treasury not otherwise
appropnated."
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked, that in conse-
quence of the vote yesterday upon the amendment
which this was intended to follow, it would fall as
a matter of coursc; but having been reported from
a committee, it was necessary to dispose of it by
a vote.
The amendment was then negatived.
The next amendment, to change the numbern
of the sections, was jendered unnecessaiy.
The following additional section, reported from
the Committee on Finance, was agreed to:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be U further enuctetl. That the act of June
seventeen, A D. eighteen hundred and forty-four, entitled
" \n act making nppioprtations for the naval service for the
fi "cm! year ending the thntieth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred arid fortv-fivc," which directs u that the Secretary of
Navy shall order a competent commissioned or wairant
officer of the navy to take charge of the naval stores for for-
eign squadrons in place of naval storekeepers, at each of the
foreign poits where >aid stores maybe deposited, and where
a storekeeper i* necessarv,*' be, and the same is hereby, ?o
far modified as to authorize the selection and appointment
of citizens other than naval officers to be storekeepers on
foreign station®, when suitable naval officer* cannot be or-
dered on Mich service,or when, in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the public interest will be promoted there-
by Persons «o eclected and appointed to receive the same
' comneucation a'' now allowed, and to enter into bond and
i security] as is required by law of officers of the navy per-
j forming said service.
1 Mr. FAIRFIELD, by direction of the Naval
