4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
Committee, moved to amend the bill by inserting
the following, as an additional section:
Sec.6. Be Ufurther muted, That in every case of the
J6ss or eaptuie of a ves?el belonging to the navy of the Uni-
ted States, the accounting officers of the tteasuiy, under the
dUecuoii ot the Secretary of the Navy, shall be, and they aie
hereby, authorized in the settlement of the account* of the
purser of Mieh vessel, tociedit him with such portion of the
amount of the provisions, clothing, small-stores, and money,
with which he stands charged on the boofcs of the Fouith
Auditor of the Tieasury, as they shall be satisfied, was in-
evitably lo*>t by such capture or loss of a public vessel; and
such purser shall be fully exonerated by such credit, from
all liability on account of the provi&vona, clothing, small-
stores, and money. >o proved to have been captured oMost.
Mr. FAIRFIELD explained that the object of
the amendment was simply to afford a relaxation
of the present rigid construction of the law in these
cases. He asked for the yeas and nays on this
amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. H. JOHNSON suggested that the amend-
ment ought to embrace the reimbursement of the
officers who had lost their clothing, &c., by the
burning of the steam-frigate Missouri.
Mr. CAMERON thought similar applications
might be made from the officers of the army.
Mr. EVANS thought the amendment a very
proper one. Incases of this kind, Congress had
had to make provision in former bills, and it would
be better to settle the construction of the law by a
general provision,
Mr. H. JOHNSON moved to amend so as to
include the officers of the steam-frigate Missouri.
Mr. EVANS hoped not. The case of the pur-
ser stood on different grounds. He had the public
stores in his custody, and the amendment was to
prevent his being charged with these, should the
vessel be lost. It was not a qocs-tion of relief for
the loss of personal and private property. He
hoped the Senator lVoni Louisiana would withdiaw
his amendment, and not open that question.
Mr. H. JOHNSON then withdrew his amend-
men t.
Mr. DAYTON said this amendment did not look
to a single case, but was intended to introduce into
an appropriation bill a general law to act for all
time, and in all cases, to come. However proper
the amendment was in itself, he was opposed to
this practice of fastening general laws in appropn-
tion bills. He would gladly vole for the pioposi-
tion in the form of a separate bill.
Mr. FAIRFIELD viewed it a* merely a provis-
ion regulating the mode of settling the accounts of
pursers, if we do not pass such an amendment,
we shall be required lo legislate in every case sep-
atalcly, because no one would bo disposed to make
the purser liable lot loss by the act of God.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and decided as follows:
VE\S—Messrs. Ashley, Busby, Beitlen, J*ioe«f\ Duller,
Calhoun, Thomas Clajlon, Colquitt, Cm win, Cnttcmiew,
I)avi«, ]Ji\} fivan^, Fnnfi.e!d.Uanneg,tn, Houston, Hunting-
ton, Johnson ot Louisiana, Mangum, Milln, Niles, Peaicu,
Simmons., Tutney, Woodhiulge, and Yuiee—2o.
NAYS—Me*«rs. Atelu-on, Atherton, Baduor, Biurht,
Cameron, Chalmer-., Cilley. O.ijton, ihekmtou, Jamugni,
Ku-sk, Sluigoon, and WoMcoU—13.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, by direction of the same
committee, mo\cd fuithei to amend the bill, by the
addition of the following section; which was agreed
to:
Sec. 7. Be it further enaetc.1, That tioni and aftei the pas-
sage of this act ail mone\ s deoved fi om the «.;\le ot all .-toies
Had othe. ailieus belou«in<r 10 the uav.\, -hall levnt to that
nppiopviattonfiom whien Mjrb <(ort"- and other articles W( so
on<tually purchased; ami the Secretary ot the TieaMiryis
hen'liy auihoii/.ed and duected to reiund to the appropria-
tion f >i " olmlnng tor the navv'' the proceeds of ait Hale*. of
condemned navy clothine \\ hieh have been paid into tiie
tiea-uiy of the, Umlrd Slates, sub-enmnt to the fii^t day of
Augu-t, t£14, <ib shall <tpin-.tr from ilie ,ic-c>)iint*> of the Bu-
rt; iu of P'ovi-jou*- and C'lothme and the Fourth Auditoi of
the Ti«a m>; and it shall not be lawful heiealter to make
transfer* fiom the elotiung tund ot the head ot appiopriation
for clothing for tin; navy" to any othei head of appiopua-
tion, exerpr in the adju-tui'uit ot the accounts of dt-biu>ui<r
Oiiieeis at the otlice of the Fouith Auditor of the Treasury
Mr. FAIRFIELD, by direction of the same
committee, moved further to amend the bill, by the
addition of the following section: which was agreed
to;
Stc. 3. Br itfinlhcr i mujul, Tli.it the fir-t section of the
act of 1th August. lf<P, emitied   An net making appjopna-
tions for the naval *-cn i<v of the Unit d States tor the year
184*2," shall not bo eon-trued as applying to the appointment
of boat-swam*, gunner*, e<u penter^, and j^ailinnkers.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, by dnection of the same
committee, moved further to amend the bill, by
adding the following, to come m between lines
eight and nine of the first section; which was
agreed to:
For pay of 13 additional assistant surgeons, whose ap-
pointment is hereby authorized, §12.350.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, by direction of the same
committee, moved further to amend the bill by ad-
ding the following, to come in after the amendment
just adopted:
For pay of a pyrotechnist for the navy, whom the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, is
hereby authorized to appoint, with the rank and pay ot a
lieutenant commanding, $1,800.
Mr. FAIRFIELD explained, that the person
who now filled this office was only rated and paid
as a sailing master. There was not his superior,
perhaps not his equal, as a chemist in the country.
Since the establishment of a laboratory, a great deal
of expenditure had been saved. The country de-
rives ail the benefit of the improvements which this
officer made, without cost, as he only requires a
compensation for las regular duties.
Mr. BADGER. Is this recommended by the
Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. FAIRFIELD. Yes.
Mr. BADGER. Is this the person who makes
the beautiful fireworks exhibited on the 4th of
July ?
Mr. FAIRFIELD. I am not able to answer.
Mr. "WESTCOTT. I have not as yet heard a
single proposition to rcduce any of these appro-
priations. It is all "Give! give!"
Mr. SEVIER said he understood there were
several other amendments to be offered, and he
should therefore move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill making an ap-
propriation of Three Millions of Dollars for the
purpose of bringing the existing war with Mexico
to a conclusion, with the amendments proposed
by the Senator from Georgia and the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr.'COLQUITT then rose and addressed the
Senate. At his request, he faid, the honorable
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Chalmers] obtain-
ed the floor on yesterday, in order to afford him
the opportunity of expressing his views upon some
of the questions whioh had been discussed by the
Senate. Rome weeks of almost unremitting bodily
affliction had deprived him of the pleasure of lis-
tening m the debates, and of casting his vote upon
the met^uies which had on^iged the Senate's de-
liberation??. He had, howevtr, endeavored, he
said, to keep himself informed of their progress,
by reading iho daily reports of their proceedings.
The rarge w hieh the debate upon the question
then under consultation hod taken, would enable
him to rcpiesent his views, so that none might mis-
understand his position. The honorable Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. J>atkjer,] in his able
and ingenious speech of yeMeidav, made agraveand
serious charge against the President of the United
States. The Senator declared that the conviction
had beei) forced upon his mind—ijps> forced—that the
President of the United States sought to prevent
the discussion of Executive measures by Congress,
by State Legislatures, and by the people at large.
This is a giave charge, and intended to go before
the people of this country as an established fact,
that the present Chief Magistrate affected to usurp
dictatorial powers, and, by pieventing discussion,
conceal his wickedness from the public. Such a
chnr°c, made by a Senator so distinguished as a
; jurist, accompanied by the repeated declaration,
| that, to his mtnd, the proof which established it
j was conclusive, was well calculated to alarm the
] fears of all who loved their country. This proof—
| which was so conclusive to the mind of the Sena-
| tor, find which, in despite of his desire to believe
.} otherwise, foiced the lamentable conviction upon
hini—was produced; and his* best ft lends must doubt
: his sincerity, or pity his credulity. What was the
j proof.- A small note-book, in which was pasted
j| a few extracts from a newspaper friendly to the
! Pres'dent. The extracts themselves, if it were es-
tablished that they had been written by the Presi-
dent. wholly failed to prove the grave charge so
reluctantly forced upon the mind of the Senator.
They are tolerably bold articles, expressing the
opinions of the writer upon the importance of par-
ticular measures,censuring the tardy action of Con-
gress, and condemning the conduct of the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina for a public act of that body.
Sir, suppose these articles had been written by the
President: do they prove that he desired to stifle
debate, either in Congress, in the State Legisla-
tures, or among the people ? It might prove that
he desired that important measures should be pass-
ed through Congress with reasonable despatch,
without being clogged by the wrangling* of party
and the selfishness'of individual members. It might
prove that he did not approve the resolution passed
by the Legislature of North Carolina, and wished
to denounce it; but surely such proof could not force
any unprejudiced mind to conceive that the writer of
j the articles (which the Senator carefully preserves
| in his note-book) ever dreamed of preventing the
| Legislature of North Carolina from discussing ex-
: ecutive measures, or interfere in their discussion
; by the people at large. This, upon the supposi-
tion that the President penned the articles himself!
But what must any well-informed, unprejudiced
man say to the proof upon which the Senator so
confidently relies, when he learns that there is no
evidence whatever that the President ever saw the
articles, (so carefully preserved,) either before or
after they were written ? Yet the able Senator from
North Carolina makes this grave charge against
the President, and, with almost tearful eye, de-
clares, that with great reluctance he has been forced
to the conclusion of its truth. But, forsooth, " the
editor of the Union is the friend of the President,
is the organ of the Administration, and came to
this city shortly after the inauguration of the Presi-
dent!" "Surely, no man can doubt, therefore,
that the President wrote the articles, or had them
written, in order to lash Congress into obedience,
gag the Legislature of North Carolina, and shut
the mouths of the people at large." This may be
beautiful reasoning and logic, so forcible as to force
conviction upon the reluctant mind of the Senator
from North Carolina; but I am satisfied that there
are, in this republic, a vast number of very honest
men, who are too silly to believe that the evidence
produced establishes the very grave charge which
he makes even against the writer of these articles;
and a vast number that will fail to understand why
the President shall be held responsible for every
article written by the editor of a friendly press,
without proof that his eyes ever rested upon it
either before or after it was written.
! The Senator from North Carolina has followed
| the example set him by the Senator from Florida,
i [Mr. Westcott,] by holding the President re-
j sponsible for the articles which daily appear in the
I Union—indeed, by making the Administiation and
! the editor of the Union identical. The Senator
: fiom Florda, a professed Democrat, charges the
j Administration with having made a piemeditated
: attack upon the distinguished Senator from South
I Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] and his friends; and the
conviction, 1 suppose, has been forced upon his
wncilling and reluctant mind, by the offensive ar-
ticle for which the editor of the Union was expelled
' from the privilege of being a listener to the debates
I of the Senate, if the Senator from North Carolina,
i [Mr.Badger,] and the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
i Westcott,] do sincerely believe that these aitides
: to which they object, and which they deem ofFen-
. sive and reprehensible, were the acts of the Prcsi-
j dent, then, I must say, that the resolution passed
I on Saturday would have exhibited more mngna-
| mmity to have been moved against the Piesident
; himself, rather than against his humble and pas-
, sive instrument. To my mind, apart from .the
| position in which the resolutions passed on Satur-
' day are placed by the Senators to whom I have
; alluded, the whole procedure was impolitic, petu-
; lant and ridiculous; and I take the liberty of say-
! ing now, that I had sought to be present, in order
I to record my vote against their passage. While I
, listened to some of the high-toned remarks made
i by Senators extolling the dignity, intelligence, and
| purity of this very honorable body, of which I am
j a member; and the expressed indignation at the
; wickedness of those who would dare breathe a
I thought that we were not each and all perfect spe-
, cimens of humanity. I could but feel proud of the
: exalted fact; while I wondered by what singular
process men were made so spotless and cetherial
; after their elevation to the Senate, whose previous
| lives and characters had been so frequently niaiked
! with manifest imperfections. Without determin-
j ing the problem, I concluded that, as we weie the
very proper judges of our own worth and charac-
ters, and the very proper and summary execution-
ers of all unreasonable delmqents who should feel
disposed to question our perfectability, we might
