1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
have compromised with "Father Ritchie" by passing
unanimously a resolution, for which every Senator
of course, from due pelf-respect would vote, that we
are the most dignified, intelligent, and patriotic set
of men the world ever beheld; that no motion,
specch, or vote, has or cverwiil be made or given
here, tainted in anywise by party feeling, self-in-
terest, or ambition. If we had done this, and
could have prevailed upon the " veteran editor" to
have given hi3 endorsement, we might, without
any disparagement whatever, have still permitted
the old gentleman, m a quiet and polite way, to
have had an occasional seat somewhere in our
rear.
It is true, sir, that this assumption of superior-
ity, by exposing our vanity, might have subjected
us, m the eyes of the uninitiated, to ridicule, but
we should have been free from disgrace. I will
have done with this topic, which has been made
necessary to notice by the attempt to identify the
editor of the Union as the President, or the Presi-
dent as the editor. This identity was particularly
necessary to the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, in order to have a pretext for his grave
charge against the President. No communication
has been made by the President to Congress, to
State Legislatures, or to the people, but has been
courteous, defeiential, respectful, and gble. Why,
then, this charge, so wholly groundless? i will
ieave the honest throughout the land to decide.
The Senator from North Carolina will pardon
me when I say that his speech fell upon my ears
as though it was intended alone for his own noble
State. "He must have felt the necessity of making
a scapegoat, to screen the Legislature of the State
from the indignation of a patriotic constituency.
By the aid of the mighty influence of party spirit,
he has sought to make the President that medium
of escape from public odium; and comments, with
becoming wisdom and sagacity, upon an extract
culled from an article in the Union. The Senator
does not seem willing to subscribe to the party
name given by the Union to the Governor and his
majority in that respectable legislative assembly.
The Union says the "Federal Governor" and
" Federal Legislature," and the honorable Senator
•jays that the present Governor was but a school-
boy 111 the d^ys of Federalism, and consequently
he is no Federalist. There is, in my estimation,
a vast difference between a pjrty and a faction
they eagerly opposed every prominent measure
which emanated from the Republican party, then in
power. War was declared—the war of 1812, with
Great Britain. The Federal party, not because it
properly involved any party principle, but because
it was opposition, and for other causes not necessa-
ry now to mention, abused the Chief Magistrate,
clogged the wheels of government, embarrassed
the operations of their own country, and express-
ed sympathy for the Power with which we weie
at war. This false step completed their downfall.
The question, however, recurs, Do the same
principles still live' Is there a party now in the
United States who advocate the same doctrines,
the same liberal construction of the Constitution,
and the same measures ? The Federal party was
for a national or United States bank, for internal
improvements by the General Government, and
more recently for a protective tarill. Does the
Governor of North Carolina, and a majority of the
Legislature of that State, advocate these measures? |
If so, they have the characteristic, marks of Fed-
eralism, and should not complain to be dubbrd by
their true name. The same party, from ignorance
of the feelings of the people, it is true, has worn
threadbare and cast away several choicc names
since they threw aside the, name of Federalism,
j The party still lives, and obtained a shoit-lived
I popularity, by digging up anew name for them- i
I selves from the tomb of the Revolution—the name j
i of Whig—a name endeared, by the memory of the }
; daring deeds of those who bore it, to the Amencan j
i heart. But this assumed name, for party purposes, i
does not change a single feature of the old Federal j
party. Its identity is as certain, its character as j
distinct, as ever; and it is mortifying that llie hnl- ;
lowed name of Whig is nowto be rendered odious j
by resorting to the same unpatriotic course of
action, which made the name of Federalist a name
of loathing and reproach. The Federal party then, jj
being in the minority, hoped to rise into power ;;
by assailing the Administration, abusing the war,
exaggerating its cost, and by embarrassing the
operations of the Government. The same party, >
under the name of Whig, advocating the same j
political doctrines, being in the minority now, have ;
adopted the same unwise policy in conducting the |
war with Mexico; and if the people are still true I
to themselves, the same result will inevitably fol- |
low. The Legislature of North Carolina desired
Mexico—they were unwilling to suffer and to peril.
This is the inevitable result of Whig speeches
made in Congress upon this subject, and the result
of the legislation of North Carolina, upon the spirit
of her citizens. Instead of concentrating public
sentiment and public feeling, to give power and ef-
ficiency to the Government in the prosecution of a
foreign war, it is, and has been, the great business
of the Whig party to paralyze the moral energies
of the nation, distract her counsels, to bring the
constituted authorities of the Government into dis-
repute, for the very laudable, praiseioorthy, and, of
course, patriotic purpose, of bringing the Whig
party into power in 1848.
If gentlemen desire to ascertain how these par-
tisan speeches sound upon the ears of unprejudiced
patriotic citizens, and with what feelings they will
be read by posterity, let them imagine one of their
finest orators haranguing our soldiery upon the eve
of a battle. Conceive the armies face to face, the
Mexican general and his soldiei y on the one side, the
American commander and ourcitizen patriotsonthe
other. There is but a brief pause before the din of
arms will be heard. Hark! the pause is to be filled,
the brief space is to be occupied, the breathless
silence is to be broken; the voice of an American
statesman falls m moving acccnts upon the hos-
tile bands. Hear turn! He will fire up his coun-
| trymenHe will nerve up their arms, and his
cheering plaudits will inspire their hearts amid th£
! dying-groans of their comrades! " Fight, my coun-
, trymen; but this is an unnecessary war, unjust in
I its inception, and unholy in its purposes. This
i war is not the country's war, but a war made by
! James K. Polk! It is waged for plunder and far
1 conquest! The President seeks to dismember.a
j sister republic! You are here to aid him in Ms
wicked purposes by beating down an unoffending
I foe! He is spending millions upon millions of the
public treasure ! Already the Government is bank-
■ rupt, and yet", poor soldiers, though all the money
; has been spent for you, your pay should be raised,
: and your comforts multiplied ! Now, for the bat-
' tie, and let your arms be covered with glory !
i' How would a speech containing such sentiments
! sound ? Which of the forces, the Mexican or the
American, would feel themselves encouraged and
comforted by the address ? I shall not deculc. I
shall not lay myself liable to the charge of seeking
to fetter public discussion. I shall leave it to be
re o! iNorth Carolina desired    - ~
The first is an association of' men—no matter by i; to manifest generous feelings towards those patri- !, decided by the' kiffrom the bal-
' ' ' otic citizens of the State who responded to the call j tha decision as it shall be published fiom Uie um
of their country by takingarms in her defcnce. But ! lot-box. l<ori
what name called—combined to carry out a given
set of principles. A faction attaches itself to men,
without regard to principle. The names of parties
may change, from caprice or from choice, and yet
the principlesmustalways determine their identity.
The first division of parties, under our Constitution,
arose mainly from the different opinions entertain-
ed as to the capacity of the people for self-govern-
ment, and the constructive powers of the Constitu-
tion. The one party was called Federal, which was
then the most popular name, at the head of which
was Alexander Hamilton; the. other was called Re-
publican, at the head of which was Thomas Jeffer-
son. The Federal party, composed of talented and
patriotic men, were very honestly of the opinion that
a literal or a strict construction of the Constitution
would leave the Federal Government too weak and
rickety to answer a permanent and valuable pur-
pose. They contended for a liberal and latitudi-
nous construction of that instrument, that the wis-
dom, and power of the Federal Government might
be the better exercised for the general welfare.
The Republican party deemed the Constitution
such was the strength of their party zeal, such their
desire to break down the Administration, that they
accompanied this show of sympathy with the poi-
sonous breath that blighted at once the joys and
hopes of the soldier. At the sound of the trum-
pet and beat of the drum, the chivalrous and patri-
otic sots of the proud State of North Carolina
would have rallied, in unwonted numbers, to the
standard of the country. But the Legislature of
their State, echoing back the party-cry from
Washington, damped the-ardor of their citizens,
and smothered their feelings of patiiotism. In the
most effectual, insidious, and destructive manner,
they administered the poison, which produced a
death-chill upon the spirit of her people. Under
the. guise of friendship for the volunteers, they vote
money for their comfort, and preface their favor,
, by telling them in the solemn form of legislative
j enactment, that the war in which they are to en-
but a war made, by
gaffe is not the country's war,
the President. The preamble to the resolutions,
worse than useless, if the rights of the States and |! carries with it the denunciation of the cause m
the people were placed, by construction, under the >! which tile citizen soldier was called to fight. Was
control of the central Government. These different j it necessary for the country's good, for the success
opinions wpre given form and shape by the raea- ,
of the war, or for the better securing an honorable
peace, that this preamble should have gone along
with the offered gratuity' Was it not dictated by
sures which were proposed oradopted by the Fed
eral Government. The leading measures which ,  Q
called forth the strength of these parties were a ;! the fell spirit of party, alike reckless ot tne coun-
batik of the United States, and internal improve- j! try's honor, and her glory ?_ Does it not proclaim
ment by the General Goverment. Mr. Jefferson and !! to the world, that the Legislature nan a greater
his party came into power in 1800. The Federal ji zeal for the success of the Whig party than for the
party remained in the minority, notwithstanding ij honor of the country and the success of her arms,
the great respectability of their numbers, the ;[ What was the effect of this partisan legislation
strength of their talents, and the purity of their jj Sir, the proud State of North Carolina had adit-
characters, until, by one false step, they rendered :! faulty in raising the required regiment, bhe was
their party name infamous, and all effort for as- j| among the last, if not the very last, to announce
iui.uw v. ^ my Whig friends I have felt disposed
| toVpoTogize for those acts of unkindness for the
i cause of the country. If they were enabled to
| maintain themselves before the country upon t,he
i1 great national issues which divide the parties, I can
I scarcely believe they would have assumed their
I present position in the war with Mexico. But
| they were in a strait, and the Mexican war was
j rather a God-send, affording them some hope for
I successj or at least a tolerable shelter for a safe re-
] treat. I am no factionist, and wear no man s live-
! ry, but confess myself a party man, struggling to
i make triumphant the cherished principles of my
| |ife. These principles are dear to my heart, as-I
! believe them to he the principles upon which-.de-
I pend the piosperity and happiness of the country,
i The thousand collateral questions which do not
I touch these great fundamental questions, arising
! daily in the course of legislation, and which cannot
• properly be called party questions, cannot, nor will
; not, make me abandon that party association bv
j which those great principles can alone be sustained.
' The present Administration has sustained with
I more ability, and carried out with more fidelity, the
eveut principles of the republican party, than any
Administration since I have had any knowledgeof
the Government. If, therefore. I differed with me
President upon the Mexican war, and upon every
other collateral question involving none °f
principles which divide the parties, I should still
Htve the Administration a cordial and hearty sup-
port. We cxnect partisans to agree upon the lead-
P questions^ the country. This agreements
the essence and spirit of party.
eendency under it hopeless and ridiculous. They
lostsightof the prospect of a pftrty triumph by dis-
cussing those principles by which they were legiti-
mately divided;and hence, in their anxiety to seize
upon appliances that might bring- them into power,
notwithstanding Ij honor of the country and the of her arms? j i WT sph-iTof'party, as contradistin-
guished from faction; but we should not expect, nor
1 hope, that the members of the same party should,
or could asree upon the various questions which
arise thatare disconnected with those princ.plea
ii anli Measures upon which national parties divide.
1 i A Democrat differs with the President as to the war;
ii is to the best mode of conducting it; as to the best
I; officers to lead our armies; as to whether volunteers
i her regiment ready for service. For the country,
I her patriotic citizens would in an instant have
j i-,een ready, and in her cause, would have dared to
! die; but for the President and the President's war—
! ju an unholy and unjust strife for conquest with
