1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
Much -has been said as to the manner in which j
the war has been conducted, and what should be
the course of future operations. The complaints I
made against the President I could take up, and I j,
think successfully defend. He has from the first j
shown great anxiety to prosecute with vigor the j
war. I doubt not that he has used all the means I
placed at his disposal as judiciously as the time j
and circumstances would permit. Many of us are j
wiser after the happening of events than before |
they transpired, and not a few delight in showing |
■our wisdom by criticising actions after their per- |
formance, which we could not very well have di- j
rected before. It is, however, soothing to our :
vanity to wind up our criticisms by insisting that ]
it was all plain to our sagacious intellects before. 1
The army has not advanced so rapidly as the |
President had wished, and a controversy has j
sprung up as to who is to blame. I think if the j,
American people were polled, and they would all |
answer truly, that four-fifths of them would say
that they believed there would have been no more j
fighting after the battles of the 8th and 9th of May. j
Taking into the calculation the impoverished and i
distracted condition of Mexico, the supposition \
was reasonable. General Taylor thought so, or I
he would not have complained at the number of
soldiers sent to his assistance. The army moved j
slowly, and 1 doubt not that the commander confi- |
dently expected propositions for peace. He did j
not desire to shed any more blood than was abso- I
lutely necessary to secure an honorable peace. j
This same expectation prevailed when the army I
was inarched to Monterey. No battle was ex- I
pcctcd; and the best excuse offered for the capitu-
lation was the belief that even then the Govern-
ments might be making terms of peace.
I am in favor of adopting the most effectual
course for obtaining peace, and securing the
rights of the country. The plan suggested by
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
it seems to me is the most certain and practi-
cable; and I shall not repeat it. His arguments
are strong, if not conclusive. We prosecute the
war to procure a peace. It seems to me that a
common interest will unite the people of Mexico,
as your army advances. If you pause on some
safe and convenient line; her dissensions will be
more likely to operate in favor of a treaty, than
continual invasion. If no treaty shall be made for
five years, the additional expense over theordinary
expenses of the Government would not excecd five
millions annually in maintaining a sufficient force
to maintain our position. At the end of that time
there would not be a Mexican on this side the de-
signated line, but such as preferred to be a citizen
of our Government5 Within the country there
would be, by that time, citizens enough to protect
themselves without an army. I have full confi-
dence, that we can, with our arms, pass through
every part of Mexico; hut I doubt whether the
country would be subdued, and a permanent peace
secured. Whatever course may be supposed most
efficient, that course will have my hearty co-oper-
ation. I shall vote for the bill placing the three
millions of dollars at the disposal of the President.
If he can use it for the benefit of the country, very
well; if not, it will not be lost to the treasury. I
regret the amendment proposed by my colleague,
and shall vote against it. It appears to me to be
nothing but a little display of party tactics, which
•will defeat the end it is proposed to serve. We are
in ft war; and can any one point out the propriety
of informing Mexico and the world, that when the
war is ended we intend to surrender all the advan-
tages which have resulted from the conflict5 Will
it alarm Mexico and make her sue for peace? Will
she be less disposed to continue the struggle when
we inform her in advance that she shall lose no-
thing by its continuance ?
1 cannot think the amendment will serve a valu-
able purpose for the people of this country. We
sought to avoid a war with Mexico, and hence
this is not a war of conquest; but I am in favor of
reaping all its legitimate results, as we must suffer
the evils inflicted by its progress. If the country
now m possession of our arms, had still been held
by Mexico, without a conflict, I should have been
satisfied, and yet we would have waged war at any
time to have rescued its possession from mightier
Powers. Having it now in our possession, I shall
abide a treaty and insist on its retention. I must
confess I still more deeply regret the position as-
sumed by my colleague in opposing the acquisi-
tion of territory for fear of the agitating question
of slavery. I regret it as coming from a southern
man, and still more deeply regret it coming from
Georgia. Sir, I cannot believe it reflects either the
spirit or feelings of the State we represent. The
fear of no question will induce them to retard the
march of our country in fulfilling its high destiny.
Ours will in time be an ocean-bound republic.
Upon every hill will float the banner of freedom,
and in every valley will be reared an altar to agri-
culture and to peace. Not by war and conquest,
but by the liberal spirit of our free institutions,
will this work be accomplished.
It should be the part of wise and practical states-
men to guide with discretion this onward move-
ment to its final completion. But he who hesi-
tates and falters too long will be crushed by its
progress. I have yet an abiding confidence in the
patriotism of the people. The ^iiestion of sla-
very bears now a threatening aspect, but I shall,
with a patriot's faith, discharge my duty to the
country, and trust that the tempcst-cloud will pass
oif without harm to the republic. j
I will not suffer myself to believe that we shall j
ever want men or money to pioseeute successfully i
this war. Without money and without clothes, •
the sons of revolutionary fathers will march at the I
bidding of their country, to battle for her honor j
and defend her rights. Nor will I shrink back at I
the frightful spectre of fanaticism, nor yield a right, I
to escape its foulest machinations. No, sir; the
God that guided and shielded the country in its
fearful struggle for independence, is still our God.
Many a paltry, time-serving politician, who esti-
mates his selfish purposes higher than the Consti-
tution of his country, will be dead, and many
others will be driven from the councils of the na-
tion, shrouded with that black and bloody mantle
with which they threatened to obscure the bright
prospects of their country. I shall oppose every
proposition by which the progress of the war may
be checked, by unnecessary or mischievous anti-
cipation.
But I must say to those gentlemen who flatter
themselves that now or hereafter the South will
suflei herself to be degraded to preserve friendly
relations with the Noith, that they make a sad mis-
! calculation. I know the South, and the feelings of
! her generous people. They will lay no burdens
■ upon other sections of the Union. They will re-
j quire no sacrifices—make no exactions. They love
I the Union, and will labor to preserve it, so long as
! it can be preserved consistently with honor. But
| with all their devotion to the Union, there is not a
! man, woman, or child among them, but would
j sooner see the bright, sunny South, riven by an
: earthquake from the continent, and floating like an
i iceberg upon the ocean, than see her sons submit
• to outrage and degradation.
! This fair land of ours should be the peaceful pa-
; trimonyofa band of brothers. The South earnestly
! and honestly desires to preserve and strengthen the
I golden chain that binds us together; and when its
] links shall be severed by the ruthless folly of fanat-
1 icism, the blow will not be given by a southern
■ arm, while she will receive its infliction with un-
i flinching firmness and unfeigned regret.
I Mr. MANGUM made some remarks in relation
! to the action of the Legislature of the State of
' North Carolina, to which the Senator from Geor-
: gia had alluded, by way of correcting what he
; considered to be a misapprehension on the pait of
I that honorable Senator.
: Mr. BUTLER intimated his intention to ad-
dress the Senate upon this subject to-morrow; and, ;
! on motion of Mr. MANGUM, the bill was passed ;
i by for the present.
i PRIVATE BILLS.
I The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the private calendar, when the following bills ]
■ were severolly considered in Committee of the
i Whole, and, after having been explained, were
: severally ordered to be engrossed, and were subse-
1 quently read a third time and passed: ;
! The bill to amend the act to authorize the Secre- j
tary of State to liquidate certain claims therein i
mentioned, passed April 18, 1844; i
The bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treas- 1
ury, with the approbation of the Attorney General,
to purchase for the United States the interest of Balie
Peyton in the tract of land upon which the light-
house stands at the Southwest Pass, at the mouth
of the Mississippi river;
The bill for the relief of Jeanette C. Hunting-
ton, widow and sole executrix of William 6.
Cheever, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Thomas Brownell;
The bill for the relief of Susan E, Gordon;
The bill for the relief of William G. Davis, and
Mary Ann, his wife;
The bill for the relief of Hob-son Johns;
The bill for the relief of Samuel Bell, a native of
the Cherokee nation;
The bill to compromise the claims of the heirs
or legal representatives of John Smith T; under a
Spanish grant;
The bill providing for the payment of the claim
of Walter R. Johnson against the United States;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones;
The bill for the relief of MilledgeGalphin, exec-
utor of the last will and testament of George Gal-
phin, deceased;
The bill authorizing the payment of a sum of
money to Robert Perkis;
The bill for the relief of Charles M. Gibson;
An act granting a pension to Patrick Kelley;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Pistole, widow
of Charles Pistole, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Richard Blo&s and oth-
e rx;
An act for the relief of Joshua Shaw,
The bill for the relief of Thomas H. Noble;
The bill for the relief of James Mcintosh;
The bill for the relief of George Roush;
The bill for the relief of Fernando Fillany;
The bill for the relief of Joseph F. Caldwell;
Tiie bill for the relief of Peter Engels, sen,; and
The bill to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Joseph Nourse, deceased.
Mr. ASHLEY spoke against this bill; and was
followed by Messrs. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
and BERRIEN, in its favor.
Mr. TURNEY moved to lay the bill on the
table; and the question having been taken, it was
decided m the negative.
The question then recurring on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading, it was decided
in the almmative; and the bill was subsequently
read a third time, by unanimous consent, and
i passed.
J The bill for the relief of Captain Jesse D. Elliott
was considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CAMERON explained and advocated the
bill; and a debate ensued, in which Messrs.
WESTCOTT, DAVIS, DAYTON, BADGER,
and others, participated; when
The question was taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed, and decided in the negative.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 17, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the bill to regulate the mileage of mem-
beis of Congress; [which provides that the mileage
shall be computed according to the shortest mail-
voutes.]
The pending question being on the demand for
the previous question,
Mr. SAWYER rose, and endeavored to make a
personal explanation, (in substantiation, he said,
of certain charges which he had heretofore pledged
himself to prove against the gentleman from New
York,) [Mr. Culver.j
Objections were made.
Mr. SAWYER moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER stated that a motion to suspend
. the rules would not be in order; first, because there
■ was a special order, which precluded that motion;
; and, secondly, because the previous question had
' been asked on a separate subject; and, pending
| that question, no motion to suspend the rules was
1 in order. .
; The question recurring on seconding the demand
! for the previous question, (on the bill to regulate
! the mileage of members of Congress,) it was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So there was a second.
The main question was ordered; and being taken,
' the bill was ordered to a third reading now.
And having been read a third time, and the ques-
tion being on its passage-
Mr. MARTIN demanded the previous question;
