440
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
Feb. I7t
"Which was seconded. The main question was or-
dered; and being taken, ihe bill was passed,
Mr. HARALSON, from theCommittee on Mili-
tary Affairs, by leave of the House, reported a bill
making further provision for an additional number
of general officers, and for other purposes.
Mr. CARROLL asked to have the bill read.
Mr. HARALSON moved to commit the bill to
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union. Agreed to.
Mr. CARROLL rose and asked if he did not re-
quest to have the bill read.
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CARROLL then asked if his request had
been properly made.
The CHAIR assented, and said, ay the bill was
committed, it was too late to have it read.
Mr. SAWYER asked the unanimous consent of
the Hous-e to make a personal explanation.
Objection being made,
Mr. S. moved that he have leave to proceed;
and, two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the leave
was granted.
Mr. S. then rose and read his personal explana-
tion, having (he said) taken the precaution to com-
mit it to writing, touching the matters before re-
ferred to.
Mr. S. having concluded,
Mr. CULVER rose and asked leave to say a
few words in reply.
Several members called on Mr. C. not to do so.
Mr. RATHBUN also expicsscd that wish, re-
marking that there was not a gentleman here who
would like and say that the statement lead had
even touched hii> colleague, [Mr. Cul>rr.J
Mr. CULVER thereupon yielded the floor, re-
marking, that as the House seemed to think 110
reply ought to be made, he would yield to the ad-
vice of his friends, and offer none. He would
leave the member, his charges, and his proof, to
be passed on by the House.
Mr. T1BBATTS, from the select committee to
whom was referred the memonai relative to the
deaf and dumb, reported a " bill to promote edu-
cation of the indigent deaf and dumb."
The bill was read a first and second time and
committed.
Mr. WM. W. CAMPBELL, Horn the select
committee on the subject of the consular system,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That lull* (tev) and (>30, being bills for
the revision of tin; consular system, and for the
carrying into elfeat certain prowsjoiis in the treaties
with China and Tin key, be made the special order
for the L^'kl day of February, instant.
Mr. i iOPK.1 N\S moved to lay the resolution on
the table. Agreed to.
The SPEA KKR, by consent, laid bcfoic the
House the following communications:
I. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance v/tih the
provision of the third section of the act entitled i!
"An act to cariy mto rifect the treaties concluded ii
by the Chickasaw tube of Indians on the 20th Oc- ;!
tobei, J832, and 24th May, JK3V a statement of jj
various Chickasaw fundsfor the year 1846. Which jj
letter and statements were laid upon the table and ii
ordered to be printed , j!
II. A communication from the Secretary of State, i;
transmitting, m compliance with the resolution of;1
the House of Representatives of the 9th instant, a j:
communication from Aaron Palmer, of New York, Ii
relating to the productions, trade, and commerce of j j
the Oriental nations with winch the United States h
have not made tieuties. Winch was referred to jS
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. j'
IU. A communication from the Secretary of the j!
Treasury, transmitting, m obedience to the act con- !|
cerning public contracts, passed April 21,1808, and jj
the act of March 2, I80l), a statement of contracts !;
madeby thoTreaaury Deportment during the years |l
1845 and I8-1G, of payments dtumg the last fiscal 1
year for the discharge"of miscellaneous claims, and
of the expenditures for the same time for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen from the marine hos-
pital fund. Which letter and statement were laid
upon the tabic, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER said he had received, and had
in his possession for several days past, a memorial
of a person claiming to he a subject of Great Brit-
ain, and that he had entertained doubts as to the
right of such person to memorialize Congress.
But, upon consultation with some gentlemen well
versed in constitutional law, he had been advised to
present it.
It is a memorial of John A. Barry, a British sub-
ject, praying, among other things, for the passage
of an act clothing the circuit court of the United j
States with jurisdiction to issue the writ of habeas \
corpus ad subjiciendum at the common law, to in- j
quire into causes of private detention or restraint, j
where an alien shall be a party; also, that appel- j
late jurisdiction may be extended to the Supieme ]
Court of the United States in certain cases; and j
also for legislative provision for entitling writs of ;
error on final judgments in proceedings by habeas i
corpus ad subjiciendum to be heaid by the Supreme ;
Court of the United States in precedency of arl ■
other writs of error and appeals. The memorial j
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The following hills of the Senate, which were
lyim_c on the Speaker's table, weie taken up, read :>
a first and second time, and referred to appropriate i|
committees: !;
An act to make attachments which are made un- ;j
der process issuing from the courts of the United j|
States conform to the laws i emulating such attach- I)
ments in the courts of the States. 1}
An act providing for the building and equipment !|
of na*\al steamships. ;j
An act to compensate John M. Moore. ji
An act reviving certain naval pensions for thei!
term of five years. \\
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to !|
establish a court at Key West, in the State of j
Florida, and for other purposes," was then taken |i
up, read thiee times, passed, and returned to the jj
Senate. n
Mi. JAMES THOMPSON, from the Commit- jj
tee on Naval Affairs, to which was referred the bill ji
for the benefit of .sick and disabled seamen, re- !
ported the same without amendment. The bill j;
was committed. r
Mr. C. B. SMITH, by leave,offered the follow- [!
in^ lesolution:
R< solved, That the Secretary of War cause to be ii
prepared, and report to this House, a statement i:
showing the names of the several pensioneis who |i
have been placed on the pension rolls since the 12th ;!
of 0<tnbei\ 1835, when a report was made under j
the resolutions of the Senate of June 5th and 30th, jj
IH31, and March 3d, 1835: designating, their rank. !'
(if widows, the rank of their husbands,) annual \\
allowance, the laws undei which their pensions ij
weie grantul, and the State or continental line in i'
which they served; the date when placed upon the !•
roll; their ages and deaths, as far as can be aseer- j;
tamed, and the State and counties in which they 'i
seveiallv reside; also, the names, lank, and the i!
counties and State in which they reside. |i
The resolution was agreed to. ji
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made an adverse report upon \\
the petition of H. Carrin^ton, as executor of Mrs.
Paulina Le Grand, deceased. Laid upon the table
and ordered to be primed.
INCREASE OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill to increase the revenue de-
rivable from duties on imports; also, for the sales
of the public lands to aid m the prosecution of the
war with Mexico; which bill was read a first and
second fim^ mid committed.
Mr. McKAY gave notice that he would on Mon-
day next move that the House resolve itself mto
Committee, of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of considering this bill.
Mr. McKAY, fiom the" same committee, to
which was referred the amendments of the Senate
to the bill making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30, 1848, leported
the same with an amendment.
Mi. DAVIS inquired of Mr. McKay what
would be the probable cost of this bill to the treas-
ury i
Mr. McKAY went into an explanation consist-
ing mainly of statistical details.
Mr. DAVIS inferred from the explanation that
the bill would cost the Government between $30,<•
000 and $40,000 a year, even as the pension roll
now stood; but the war must largely and rapidly
increase it. All these duties were formerly per-
formed without the cost of a single cent to the Gov-
ernment, and with more facility and safety than
would be accomplished in the mode proposed in
this bill. He saw no need whatever of all this
cumbrous machinery and so large an expenditure
of the public money. He trusted this would not
be tolerated at a time when the state of the treas-
ury was so low, and when the people were sub-
jected to such an onerous taxation. He moved to
lay the amendment on the table.
The CHAIR stated that if the amendment
should be laid on the table it would carry the bill
with it.
! Mr. DAVIS said he was aware of that; that
i was what he wanted.
| Mr. BRODHEAD denied that the bill would
I create any new charge upon the treasury. When
< the banks did the business, it was very true that
. they received no direct allowance; but they got a
i full remuneration for the service they performed by
the large sums placed in deposite with them. So
far from increasing the expenses of the Govern-
ment, this was a measure of economy.
Mr. DAVIS inquired whether the bill did not
put the same sums into the hands of these agents a^
had before been placed in deposite with the banks?
Mr. BRODHEAD replied in the negative; this
was prohibited by the amendment.
After some inquiries by Mr. STEWART—
Mr. RATHBUN explained. These agents could
not use the money, because the subtreasury law
prohibited it. The banks had done this, as the
deposites were used as so much bank capital, or?
which they made their profits; but under this bill
it could not be done. Pie went on to give some
instances of the abuses under the hank system in
the payment of these pensions, and insisted much
on the limitations in the bill.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered, viz. Will the House concur with the com-
mittee in their amendment to the amendments of
the Senate? It was decided in the affirmative.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the Senate in their amendments as amended, and
it was dfeided by yeas and nays as follows: Yeas
07, nays 52.
So the amendments of the Senate as amended
were agreed to.
Mr. DOCJGLASS moved the usual resolution to
limit the debate in Committee of the Whole on the
lull to establish an additional*land district in Wis-
consin, to five minutes after the committee shall
have again resumed its session.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH moved to amend the
resolution by increasing the time half a minute.
Mr. DOUGLASS accepted Mr. Smith's amend-
ment.
The resolution was then, under the operation of
the previous question, agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on territorial business, (Mr. Reu-
ben7 Chapman in the chair.)
The bill to establish an additional land district
in the Territory of Wisconsin was taken up.
Mr. SAWYER withdrew the amendment here-
tofore offered by him.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to amend
the second section of the bill, so as to set apart
section thirty-six in each township, in addition to
the sixteenth section, for purposes of education.
Disagreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the fourth sec-
tion of the bill, but subsequently modified his
amendment as below. He said that this was a
very important bill, and if it should pass in its
present form, not an acre of these copper lands
would be sold by the Government till the price
came down to one dollar and twenty-five cents.
Mr. McCLERNAND commenced an explana-
tion and defence of the provisions of the bill.
When, on motion of Mr. VINTON, the com-
mittee rose: and, in the House, the limit of the
debate was extended to one hour.
And the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the bills relating to terri-
tories.
Mr. VINTON now moved to amend the bill so
as to provide that the price of the mineral lands
should remain at five dollars. By the second sec-
tion of the bill it was provided that a geologist was
to make a professional exploration and examina-
tion of the mineral tract, and to report what sec-
tions contained copper ore and what did not; and
all the lands where he reported no mineral to exist
