1847.
TftE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
441
were to sell at the ordinary Government minimum.
The sections in which he reported mineral to exist
were then to be set up at five dollars; if not sold
within a year, the price was to be reduced to two
dollars and fifty cents; and if unsold one yearmore,
they were to come down to one dollar and twenty-
five cents.
Now, all who would go into this tract of land
would be adventurers and speculators, and they
not unfrequently hired persons to go and squat
upon the lands where copper mines were known
to exist. Tiiese persons would have law and
everything in their hands, and would combine to
prevent purchasers from biddinain the land they
held; no man would so far risk "is personal safety
as to daie to bid. Thus the Government would
never sell a foot of this land, and these land bullies
would continue to maintain a sort of occupation till
the two years were expired, when the speculators
who had hired them would come in and get the
land at $3 25. This would certainly be the course
of things if the law retained its present shape. He
would keep the price at $5.
On this motion to amend, a regular land debate
arose, which occupied the hour.
Mr. GORDON could not see the necessity of
selling these lands at all. He thought gentlemen
were over anxious to get them sold. However,
lie supposed it was decreed that sold they should
be. But why this hot haste? Why establish a
land office where the lands were not either exam-
ined or surveyed, and establish here a syslem of!
graduation after refusing it everywhere else? He !
thought §5 an acre was a low price for land con-
taining valuable copper mines, and he was in favor
of the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER thought that gentlemen had
entirely misapprehended the bill. It had nothing
to do with the copper mines of which so much was
said. Ho explained the difference of the state of
things in Michigan and Wisconsin: the land in the
former was valuable only for the mineral it con-
tained; while in the latter, though there were min-
eral tracts, much of the land was good for pur-
poses of agriculture. Here no man could enter
more than one hundred and sixty acres. He was
opposed to the principle of graduating the price of
land by the time it had remained unsold; the prin-
ciple was utterly false and deceptive. But no hai m
could glow out of the graduation feature in tins
bill, which lie considered of little moment; because
land where mineral was known to exist would sell
at g5, and where it was not, $1 25 was enough for
arable land.
Mr. GORDON warmly opposed the graduation
clause. It was on a more rapid scale than ever
had been heard of or attempted before, and it pro-
ceeded wholly in the dark.
Mr. McCLERNAND denied that this gradua-
tion feature had been introduced as a precedent for
a general system, to be applied to the land system
generally; its only object was to secure as rapid a
sale of the land as practicable.
Mr. GORDON insisted on his former ground.
Mr. McCLERNAND referred to the former
policy which had been pursued as to the mineral
lands m Illinois, and the unprofitable result to the
Government. He attributed the opposition to a
jealousy on the subject of graduation generally.
Mr. McCLELLAND urged the impropriety of
establishing a land district and a land 'office in the
midst of a wild district unexplored and unsur-
-veyed. He put the question to Mr. McClernand,
whether he supposed that any of those lands
would be surveyed before the next session of Con-
gress?
Mr. McCLERNAND said he hoped they might
be.
Mr. McCLELLAND maintained that by the
system of holding up mineral lands in Michigan
and Wisconsin, the Governmenthad lost from half
a million to a million of dollais. There was much
humbug in this noise about mining: none realized
over 15 per cent, on tue capital invested, and nine-
tenths of those who engaged in the speculation
came out minus. He held it to be the best and
soundest policy to sell the lands, and get them set-
tled as fast as possible.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, supported
Mr. Vinton's amendment, and replied to Mr. Mc-
Clelland; and, concurring in the opinion that all
the mineral lots would sell at five dollars, hoped
the lands would be sold, but that the graduation
feature would be stricken out.
Mr. RELFE advocated the bill as it stood, and
opposed the amendment.
Mr. POLLOCK very zealously opposed gradu-
ation in every form. He believed this bill was
gotten up for no purpose in the world but a grand
mineral speculation. He contended that a leport
from a geologist would be a most uncertain guide
as to where mineral would he found. In Penn-
sylvania, that plan had not reached the results ex-
pected from it. The gentleman who made the
report stood at the head of his profession; but land
in that State reported to have contained mineral
had been found to contain none at all; while other
spots not marked proved rich in mines. Lands
there declared worth nothing at all were now sell-
ing at five hundred dollars an acre. The gradua-
tion plan would work practically as an inducement
not to buy.
The debate was closed at the apftwited time.
Mr. VINTON modified his amentmient so as to j
strike out, in the fourth section, the words follow- j
ing, viz* |
"At such pi ice, nor «hall be entered at private sale within !
twelve months then the pnee s-hall hp reduced to two dol-
lai-s and fif'tj cents pr-i acie; and if tbp lands shall not
bp sold at such reduced pnee within twelve months after
such reduction, then the *ame shall he sublet to salens
other public land*and to inscit ia Inni theieof the fol-
Jowme • u they Uiall be subject to entry at private sale at
that price."
[The effect of this amendment is to prevent the
sale of mineral lands for a less sum than five dol-
lars per acre.j
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, moved to amend
the third section by inserting, after the word "sit-
uated," in the ninth line, the following: "at any
time prior to the day of sale fixed by the Presi-
dent. "
[The effect of this amendment i<? to give to occu-
pants or lessees of public mineral lands the rio-ht
to purchase at private sale, at the rate of five dol-
lars per acre, subdivisions not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixtv a<'res.]
Mr. MARTIN moved to add the following pro-
viso to the sixth section; which was disagreed to:
u Provided, That the PuiM<b>nt mav, m the fu^t instance,
appoint a rocenei for paid di-tuot. who '-hall act minora!
a«ient, with such power* and compi-nxition have hneto-
foie been po<;ses?ed and u-eeived bysumlai officers appoint-
ed undei direction ol the War Dep.imiirm."
The committee rose and reported the bill to the
House as amended.
Mr DOUGLASS moved the previous question.
Not seconded.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
was concurred in, and the bill ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time. It was engrossed, !
read a third time, and passed. j
The House then again resolved itselfinto Com- !
mittee of the Whole on Territorial bills, (Mr. I
Hopkins in the chair.) 1
The bill establishing the Territorial Government !
of Itasca was (hen taken up.
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, moved to amend
the bill by striking out the word " Itasca," wher-
ever occurring, and inserting in lieu thereof, the
word " Minnesota.''
Mr. FRIES obtained the floor, and remarked,
that he had no apology to offer for occupying the
time of the committee, as there was no member on
this floor who had troubled the House less than he
had during the present Congress. He had come
into this Congress with a strong aversion to speak-
ing, and it still continued. He had no ambition to
stand in anv other position than that of a silent
member. That was his natural position, for all
| his habits and pursuits in life were calculated to
i make him anything else than an interesting public
i speaker. He should have remained silent at this
time, were it not that he was surrounded by cir-
cumstances which demanded from him a passing
notice of what transpired in this Hall within the
last two days. He was disinclined to the labor of
writing out a speech, and whatever he said here he
wished printed as delivered; for he had no ambi-
tion to have speeches circulated as his own, over
his own State and the Union, that he had never
spoken and never wrote out, as was the habit of
some; and he was not so fortunate as to have the
services, in this line, of an ex-editor of a defunct
journal to write out speeches for him.
Mr. F. had been anxious to avoid any discus-
sion at this time with gentlemen on this side, upon
the question involved in the " Wilmot proviso;"
but he had been especially anxious to avoid any
discussion of this exciting question with gentlemen
from the North, particularly from his own State.
He had hoped that the division among the Demo-
cratic portion of the Ohio delegation would not be
made the subject-matter of new issues among them-
selves^ But not so. Within the last two days, the
discussion had been forced upon them. lie had
I been dragged, with the major portion of the Rep-
; resentatives of the free States—his own among the
number—before the people of Ohio and before this
nation, by his colleague from the northwest dis-
trict, [Mr. Sawyer,] in language and terms that
could not be passed by without notice.
In the remark's of the gentleman, as reported in
the " Intelligencer," the' friends of the Wilmot
proviso are dragged before the people of Ohio in
these terms: (< Mr. Sawyer would call on the
' farmers of Ohio to mark well the course of cer-
' tain professed Democrats in regard to this meas-
' nre."
Mr. SAWYER (Mr. F. yielding for explana-
tion) said it would be remembered, when his at-
tention had been called to the remarks he made the
j other day (as published in the intelligencer) by
his colleague from the seventeenth disn ict, [Mr.
Fries,] and by one or two other of his colleagues,
that he had stated that he was not correctly report-
I ed. He did not charge the reporter with doin^ him
I injustice intention-Ally: far fiom it. He was one
of the best reporters, probably, that this country
had ever had. Rut in the report he had omitted
some things which he had said; and there were
some things in the report which he did not say.
He had said to the gent/eman from New York,
[Mr. King,] and had called his [Mr. K.'s] atten-
tion to the fact—to which he assented—that he did
not include in the category of members who were
opposing the Administration all who voted for
the " Wilmot proviso," but made particular allu-
sion to certain individuals, and exonerated that
gentleman [Mr. Fries] and the balance of his col-
leagues from the charge. This was omitted in the
report; and in his written spf o h he should sup-
ply the omission. Mr. S. believed the gentleman,
an#a very large majority of his Democratic col-
leagues, had done everything, by act and vote,
within the compass of their power, to support the
Administration in every measure it had recom-
mended.
Mr. STARKWEATHER wished, as the gen-
tleman did riot allude to a majority of his col-
leagues, that he would specify to whom he did
. allude.
| Mr. SAWYER said he referred to certain indi-
viduals, and to his friend from the Mansfield dis-
trict, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] as not supporting gen-
erally the Administration; and all the rest he
exonerated m his mind then, as he did publicly
now.
Mr. FRIES (resuming). I can see no line of
distinction diawn in the gentleman's remarks be-
tween those of my colleagues who have uniformly
supported the Administration and those whom he
is pleased to denominate as <! recreant to the prin-
ciples of Democracy." I took the trouble to call
upon the reporter who reported the speech, and he
declared that he believed it to be correctly reported.
I took it for granted that a very large portion at
least of the remaiks reported m the Intelligencer
were correct; because, if they were mcoiiect, it
was his duty to have coneoted the niattct at once,
and not to have permitted it to go to the world
uncontradicted, as is cinstomaiy with gentlemen
who disown the reports. And it is the part which
the gentleman has not yet disavowed to which I
wish to offer a few remarks. Whether that por-
tion of the Democratic party to which the gentle'
man refeis as not ha\ing sustained theAdniinis-
[ tration be good company or bad company, lam
I not to say; but in the gentleman's lemarks I fmd
| myself placed in this category. I am not aware of
! any vote upon any important measme—upon any
j of the measures which have divided the two great
! parties of the present day, involving principles on
S which I have not voted with the Democracy.
! But we are held up here as 11 disorganizes.M
j Sir, If I were in my own district, in the midst of
j persons who know me better, it would be entirely
! unnecessary for me to define my position; it would
I be a work of supererogation there. But here, where
j I am known to a very limited extent, and as
! throughout the country at large I can scarcely be
: known at all, I think it all-important that I should
• occupy a portion of the time of the committee in
