1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
448
cracy of Ohio; and yet they ask us to turn round
and commit an act of self-sacrifice, and fill our
seats with Whigs—with men of that political
complexion that must necessarily defeat all their
measures! Gentlemen talk about our course here
being calculated—and I don't know but they in-
sinuate intended—to defeat the Democratic par-
ty, and with that defeat to bring about a restora-
tion of the Whig; measures of a previous Whig
administration—the revival of the tariff act of 1842,
&c. Sir, let Whigs come up from Ohio, New
York,&.c., in the place of Democrats of whose
course you now complain, and where will be your
tariff of 1846? Not one hour will elapse before a
blow will be struck at that cherished measure of
the South.
Mr. CUNNINGHAN (interposing.) Does not
my colleague believe that if the principles of that
" Wilmot proviso" had been brought before Con-
gress for adoption in a separate form, and not in
connexion with the three million bill, they would
have passed ?
Mr. FRIES. The gentleman knows very well,
and it is perfectly understood on all sides, that such
a separate measure could not be brought in; that
it would have required a vote of two-thirds under
the rules to have introduced it; and still, because
upon what seems to be a very unjust—I had almost
said ungenerous—request on the part of the South,
we will not sacrifice ourselves, and thereby sacri-
fice all the cherished measures of the South, except
that involved in the "Wilmot proviso," we are
complained of, and charged with defeating the Ad-
ministration !
But as I have been catechised here by my col-
league, [Mr. Cunningham,] I wish to ask him if
he would sustain the " Wilmot proviso," if it was
brought up alone ?
Mr. CUNNINGHAM. My votes show that
I am friendly to the " Wilmot proviso," so far as
the Missouri compromise is observed.
Mr.FRIES. Then I understand the gentleman
to be opposed to it.
As I have remarked, (said Mr. F.,) if our breth-
ren of the North yield to those unjust demands of
the South, I think it peifectly clear that the con-
sequence will be fatal to all the cherished measuies :
of the South. The vote on the tariff last summer 1
shows that the Whigs of the South do not go with
the Democrats on that question; hence it is, that
these great measures of the republican party—free
trade, and divorcing of the revenue of the Govern-
ment from the banks of the country, and nearly all
the other great measures of the Democratic party,
would be lost, and the opposite Whig policy re-
stored.
But my friend [Mr. Sawyer] says he is "in j
favor of making men free, and keeping them free."
I would inquire whether it is reasonable to sup- j
pose—whether any man can suppose for one mo- •
ment—that the addition of this territory to the t
United States, which is calculated and designed to |
strengthen, extend, and perpetuate the institution ;
of slavery, is to " make men free, and keep them :
free?" Will any reasonable man presume that the
conversion of territory now free into slave territoiy j
can accomplish that object? Why, nothing m the
world is moxe incompatible with common sense. j
But the gentleman says, let the South have terri- I
tory upon which to send them, (i.e. their slaves,) <
and prevent them from sending their free negroes ;
into Ohio, Very well; if we give the South more 1
territory upon which to place their slaves, is that '
one of the measures by which the gentleman in- ;
tends "to make men free, and keep them free?" ,
Will it not extend the maiket for this "staple I
commodity," and thereby offer an additional in- ,
ducement for persons engaged m the production of 1
this "staple" to continue it? Sir, it is the very ,
thing that would perpetuate slavery. Slaves arc '
now being set free to some extent. Why? Not ,
from any very extraordinary quantum of consci- j
entiousness on the part of their owners, but be- :
cause they have ceased to be profitable in a very
large proportion of the slave States. That decla-
ration is made by many of the presses of the slave ;
States. In the Richmond Enquirer, in an article
it published last fall, the broad ground was taken, j
and sustained by much tact and argument, that it
was utterly impossible, in that portion of Virginia,
to make the application of slave labor yield more
than one half of one per cent, to the person em-
ploying it; and it went on to say, that the slaves
had become <c the staple article" of that region of i
Virginia; the only reliable means through which
to "meet their foreign and domestic liabilities."
With all this before u«, it is presumable that there
they no longer rely upon their labor, but upon the
production of this " staple" " to meet their foreign
and domestic liabilities;" and the extension of the
market, making that business more profitable,
would necessarily prevent the "making men free
and keeping them free."
Well, has it come to this, that we are to add ter-
ritory to this Union by the force of war, by the
best blood of this nation, by the acts and deeds of
the North—that our farmers of the North are to
send away their sons to the battle-field to acquire
territory, that when acquired, they may take their
stand upon it as workmen, side by side with the
slaves of the South? Or do they not wish these
slaves to be excluded from this territory?
Perhaps the gentleman had in his mind the
"northern slaves," of which he *spoke—those
whom he called " slaves," because they happened
to be engaged in a laudable mechanical occupation
in some of our eastern States, in some branch of
business connected with manufacturing. Sir, I
have an issue to make on that point with my col-
league from the northwestern district. He made
one with me: I now present one to him. I wish
to understand if a very large and very respectable
portion of the workingmen in this country are to
be called " slaves," bccause they may be connect-
ed witfi manufacturing operations, and to be put
upon a par with the slaves of the South? Sir, I
hold that the man who works in a factory is just
as good as though he worked on a farm; and yet
in this Hall the gentleman gets up and calls all of
them " northern slaves," and on a par with the
slaves of the South. I am not disposed to draw a
line of distinction between the workingmen in
other pursuits and those he denominates " slaves,"
because they are engaged in manufacturing, in the
country.
But, sir, that the anxiety for further territory is
based upon a broad, undoubted desire on the part
of southern gentlemen to extend the institution
of slavery where it does not now exist, is obvious
from the remarks of southern gentlemen on this
floor during this session. No one denies it.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM here made an inquiry,
which was lost.
Mr. FRIES (in reply) repeated that the South
did ask to be allowed to take their slaves there, and
colonize them—not as freemen, but as slaves; and
he asked gentlemen if there was any gentleman
here from the South who presumed to contradict
that they did.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will say for the South,
she asks no such permission of this House, or of
the Congress of the United States. She claims to
i be permitted to remain in the enjoyment of rights
| that the Constitution has given her; and she nei-
. ther asks your permission, nor does she regard'
j your opposition.
Mr. FRIES. I deny the right on the part of
the South to demand or receive at the hands of the
freemen of the country any right to extend slavery
over soil now free.
Mr. WOODWARD. ^ We ask none.
Mr. FRIES. There is no constitutional pro-
vision for it.
Mr. WOODWARD. Let us alone; let us
alone.
Mr. FRIES. Let us alone! That is just what
we want—let us alone, We ask that an institu-
tion, in the face of justice, of right, and of hu-
manity itself, frowned upon by the whole civilized j
and Christianized world—that an institution of j
that kind shall be excluded from any territory that :
may come into the Union. And we intend to ex-
clude it. I take the bioad ground that no further j
territory shall come into this Union with the insti- ;
tution of slavery ingrafted upon it, unless it is
found there when it comes in: notone single square ]
foot. A nd rather than see territory come in under ,
such conditions, I sfrall take the broad ground
against the acquisition of all territory, even for the 1
purpose of indemnity. I go in for free soil, or no
soil at all. That is the ground which I occupy. ;
Gentlemen talk about the Constitution, just as
though the Constitution reached beyond the limits
of our Union. Sir, I am no lawyer; I don't come ,
here the expounder of the Constitution; but it is
a most singular position to me, that the Constitu- ;
tion should give gentlemen from the South rights j
beyond the limits of this Union. AVhat has the !
Constitution to do with territory not within the
Union when the compromise was entered into?
Mr. WOODWARD. Thegentlemanfrom Ohio
says the Constitution gives the slave States no
rights beyond this Union: I would ask him what
rights beyond this Union it gives the free States?
Mr.FRIES. It gives them this right: that hav-
ing numbers constituting a large majority of the
American people, they are authorized to say what
institutions shall be ingrafted upon the territory
that may hereafter be brought in.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the gentleman say
a majority of the people of this country have
authority higher than the Constitution?
Mr. FRIES. I say the Constitution has nothing
to do with it, whenever the question is decidcd by
the sovereign people under the Constitution.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is the Constitution made
to restrain the minority, or to restrain the major-
ity ?
Mr. FRIES. We may say it was made for
both purposes. But I wish it distinctly under-
stood that the Constitution never intended thntthe
minority should govern the majority. Never,
never. And none who hear me dare deny that at
least four-fifths of the American people are opposed
to the further extension of thts institution: not a
man who knows anything about public sentiment
will question it.
Sir, this sentiment is not confined to the free
States. I know full well that there aie hundreds
and thousands of men in the South, in your slave
States, that despise and detest this institution just
as much as wc do. I have no doubt about that
fact. I have been in the South, and have conversed
time and again with gentlemen from the South,
owners of slaves, who are willing to admit that it
is not only of doubtful propriety, in point of morals,
but unquestionably a dead weight upon many of
the slave-holding States. Can it be otherwise,
when the broad declaration is made in the very
heart of one section of this Union that slaves
have becomc the u staple commodity" there? If
it has come to that, that there is no other " staple
commodity" than such as consists in the bodies
and souls of men, then deliver us from that " sta-
ple." I ask the men not engaged in rearing this
i% staple," whether they can look on with any other
feelings than those of hon or and dismay upon this
proposition to extend and enlaige its cultivation and
production? Sir, I venture to say now, if the peo-
ple of Virginia were permitted to vote on the di-
rect question, whether slavery should not gradually
be abolished, they would vote for it. I have no
doubt of it.
Mr. SEDDON (Mr. F. yielding) wished mere-
ly to say, as a Representative from Virginia on this
floor, who ought to know rather more of the sen-
timents of that State than the gentleman from
Ohio, wished, in his place, emphatically to deny
that there was any such sentiment prevalent among
the people of his State as the gentleman imagined,
or that there was any majority of them opposed to
that institution.
Mr. FRIES. Probably, very probably, the
gentleman knows more about public sentiment
there than I do; yet I have expressed the opinion,
and that from knowledge of the people—having
been among them, and associated with them—and
I have no reason to doubt I am correct. I may
be wrong, however.
But, sir, while I am upon the floor, permit me
to define my position in reference to this question—
in reference to what I believe to be the rights of
the South, and what 1 always have done, and in-
tend to do in future, whenever a question of this
kind conies up, involving slavery m any form or
shape. Where I am known, no man in my dis-
trict is suspccted less of being an Abolitionist than
I am: that term was never applied to me there.
It is true, my colleague has taken some pains (not
in the House) to classify me as a Gidding^site, and
an Abolitionist. Sir, I have no connexion with
him or any of his schemes; I have never cooper-
ated with him, and I presume I never shall. His
views and mine are very different as to the rights
of this Government over slavery. Without, how-
ever, taking the trouble to notice his particularly,
I will define mine. I have no disposition, sir, nor
have the Democracy of Ohio whom I have the
honor to represent, to interfere in the slightest
decree with the peculiar institution of the South as
it now is, upon soil where it now exists. We have
invariably repudiated what is called Abolitionism;
