446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
Mr. DROMG-OOLE gave notice that on to-mor-
row (Thursday) he would move to take up the bill
supplemental to the bill for the collection, transfer,
safe-keeping, and disbursement of the public re-
venue.
Mr. WOODWORTH gave notice of a bill; and
then
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 18, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Sectetary of War,
transmitting a communication from the Adjutant
General of the Army, with a report of the officer
in charge of Indian affairs in Florida, dated the
30th ultimo, respecting the practicability and best
means of effecting the removal of the Seminole In-
dians from Florida west of the Mississippi; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS presented two petitions of masters
of vessels and others, citizens of Boston and of
Barnstable, Massachusetts, praying the erection
of a light at the harbor of Hyannis, in that State;
which were referied to the Co<(Jhiittee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of citizens of
Monroe county, New York, praying that the Ton-
awanda band of Indians may be exempted from
the operation of the treaty of 1842, between the
United States and the Seneca nation; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CHALMERS submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolead,, That the Secretary be directed to pro-
cure, for the use of the Senate, 2,000 copies of the
authentic copy of the Constitution, with an analyt-
ical index and compilation of other public docu-
ments recently printed, and placed in the hands of
the members, provided the price shall not exceed
one dollar and twenty-five cents per copy.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of
the authentic copy of the Constitution, with an
analytical index, &c., be procured for the use of
the Senate, provided they will be furnished at a
deduction of twenty per cent, on the price above
stated.
Mr. YULEE (by unanimous consent) intro-
duced a bill entitled " An act in addition to an act
to establish a court at Key West, in the State of
Florida."
The bill having been read a first and second
times by unanimous consent,
On motion by Mr. YULEE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the immediate consideration of said bill, as
in Committee of the Whole; and no amendment
having been offered, it was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed.
CARRYING OF EMIGRANT PASSENGERS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom heid been referred the bill from the House
to regulate the carriage of passengers in merchant
vessels, reported the same with amendments.
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill. He stated that the amend-
ments which the committee proposed could be ex-
plained in a few moments, and it was important
that the bill should pass without delay.
The motion was agreed to, and, the bill being
under consideration as m Committee of the Whole
Mr. DIX rose to give a brief statement of facts.
He stated that, under an act passed in 1819, the
number of passengers allowed in vessels coming
into the United States was not to exceed two to
every five tons, according to custom-house meas-
urement. It had been found, on experience, that
however advantageous this limitation had proved
in some respects, it was not sufficient in others to
prevent evils of the most serious character. These
evils arose from the fact that vessels bringing pas-
sengers were so crowded with freight that suffi-
cient space was not left to them for the preserva-
tion of their health. Two hundred had died at
, sea within the last three months on board vessels
coming into New York, and many arrived in such
a condition that they were immediately taken to
the hospital. The bill under consideration did not
! interfere with the number of passengers, but pro-
posed to provide a remedy for these evils by re-
: quiring proper space to be given to each passenger.
. The bill, as it came from the House, required that
! each passenger should have a space of ten super-
ficial square feet. The committee proposed to
1 amend the bill by increasing it to fourteen. They
; also propose to amend the provision in the existing
law which stipulates that two children under four-
, leen years of age, should be considered as one pas-
! senger. The committee had substituted eight in
the lieu of fourteen. The committee believed that
if these provisions were adopted, the evils now
resul'mg from the restriction of passengers to very
narrow limits between decks, crowded with freight,
would be in a great degree obviated. He would
only add that the amendments, ? hich had been
agreed on, had been the subject of careful exami-
nation in committee, and were framed in accord-
ance with the views of the Mayor, and one of the
Aldermen of New York, representing the Com-
mon Council, and on consultation with an expe-
rienced commander of one of the packets, who was
in possession of the views of some of the principal
shipowners.
Mr. DICKINSON said he could have desired a
little more time for consideration, and for an op-
portunity to examine the bill. He had hoped that
some provision would have been made requiring a
physician to be on board. The extent of sick-
ness, caused by the crowding together in a narrow
space, was so great, and so many passengers had
died during the last season, and been thrown over
during the passage, that he couli not but think
that the services of a physician ought to be provi-
ded.
Mr. DAYIS said the evil was caused by taking
in the cargo first, and leaving no accommodation
for passengers. Such was not the intention of the
original law, which provided for two passengers
for every five tons. This bill was to enlarge the
room allowed to in the existing law, and thus to
carry out its supposed design. The way the thing
is done is this. There are agents on the other side
of the water who bargain with emigrants for their
passage. These agents go to a captain, and ask
' him how much room he has? The captain replies
" I bhall have so much." "What shall I give
you for it?" asks the agent. " I shall charge you
so much," says the captain. The bargain is made,
j and thus the emigrants are crowded in almost to
! suffocation, to enhance the profit of the agent,
j There were not less than two hundred and six-
j teen deaths, in consequence of this inhuman prac-
rifA IfiQf spjiQfin
Mr. CALHOUN said he was in favor of the
object of the amendment. A few days since he
j had presented a petition from the Irish Emigrant
Society of New York. He was not sure that the
amendments proposed by the committee met all
the views of the petitioners. He would therefore
ask the Secretary to read the petitionto which he
referred.
The petition of the Irish Emigrant Society hav-
ing been read,
Air. DIX said that it did not appear very dis-
tinctly to what proposed alteration in the law the
petition alluded. The committee had considered
! the suggestions of the society with an earnest de-
sire to conform to the views of all concerned. The
bill secured space; it secured space unencumbered
with freight. It regulated the space between the
berths and the decks, so as to give air and room;
and these the committee understood to be leading
objects with the society. As to the other sugges-
! tions of the society, to require vessels with over
fifty passengers to carry a physician, the commit-
tee had considered it, but without coming to the
conclusion to introduce such a provision by way
of amendment to the bill of the House. They
hoped that, if the new regulations were faithfully
carried out, the increased space, ventilation and
comfort, might afford a correction to the evils
which the bill was designed to remedy.
No further amendment being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading, and was, by unanimous consent, read a
third time and passed.
Mr. TEJRNEY, from the Committee on Patents,
reported, a bill to provide for additional examining
clerks in the Patent Office, and for additional fees
in certain cases; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom had been referred the bill
confirming the claim of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Pierre Dufresne to a tract of land,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr, WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill for the relief of Oliver C. Harris;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
the late Uri Emmons, deceased; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. BENTON said that he desired to call the
attention of the Senate to a bill which was very
important to the service; he meant the bill autho-
rizing the appointment of general officers, and for
other purposes. This bill was necessary to give
organization to the new regiments. -He hoped the
Senate would take it up, and make some progress
in it.
Mr. HUNTINGTON stated that the naval ap-
propriation bill was yet before the Senate, and that
also was a public bill, and one of the appropriation
bills. He hoped the Senator from Missouri would
postpone his motion until to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON said he was willing to yield to
an appropriation bill.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the prior
orders were suspended, and the Senate resumed
the consideration, as in committee of the whole,
of the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of the United States for the year ending 30th
June, 1848.
The amendment which was pending yesterday,
authorizing the appointmentof a " Pyrotechnist,"
with the rank and pay of a lieutenant command-
ing, was agreed to.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved several amendments,
the purport of which was not heard in the gallery,
which were agreed to.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved to amend the bill by
adding a section giving the Secretary of the Navy
authority to settle the accounts of Commodore F.
A. Parker, for expenses incurred in conveying our
commissioner to China.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said the amendment called
for no appropriation. It was merely an authority
, to the clerks of the treasury to settle the Commo-
dore's accounts for money expended in the Chi-
nese mission.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. From what fund had
the amount been paid?
Mr. FAIRFIELD. It had been paid by the
purser, and the amendment was introduced to re-
imburse him.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected to the amend-
ment, on the ground that it would be improper to
attach a private claim to an appropriation bill,
j The amendment was then negatived.
j IVIr. FAIRFIELD moved to amend the bill by
: adding a section the object of which was to sepa-
rate the staff of the marine corps from the line.
Mr. F. suggested, that as this change was re-
commended by theSecretary of theNavy,he hoped
i the amendment would be agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT made a point of order: Could
a general law be changed by a clause m an appro-
priation bill ?
' Mr. HUNTINGTON said the amendment was
! in order; but he hoped it would not be entertained.
I! Mr. FAIRFIELD said it was well known that
[ the staff of the marine corps, since 1834, had been
, required to the duty of the line. The same prac-
j tice had once prevailed in the army, until a separa-
; tion, the advantage of which was evident, had been
j made, six or seven years ago. He had no doubt
1 a similar advantage would follow in this case,
j He sent the letter of the Secretary of the Navy to
| be read.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said time was precious;
and unless the Senate intended to make this bill
an omnibus for everything, he hoped the amend-
ment would be rejected.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved to amend the bill by
adding a section appropriating five thousand dol-
lars, to enable the Secretary of the Navy to test
