1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
the invention of Dr. Earle, for the preservation of
canvass.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, the testimonials in this
case were very numerous, and he was satisfied that,
if tested, the process would be adopted.
Mr. DICKINSON said, that this invention was
before the Naval Committee last session, and he felt
inclined to think it might be a very valuable inven-
tion. It had been thought well of by merchants
everywhere; and all the world was waiting to see
what universal Yankeedom would do. The mer-
chants, he had no doubt, were all disposed to
adopt the invention, but they wanted to see what
the Secretary of the Navy would do. He would
have supposed that they who thought it would
promote their interest, would not have waited for
the Government to adopt it.
Mr. MA_NGUM expressed his hope that the
amendment would be agreed to. The introduction
of this invention would, in his opinion, effect a
saving to the Government, in eighteen months, of
fifty per cent, on the canvass submitted to the pro-
cess.
Mr. ATCHISON asked what was the process?
Mr. MANGUM said, the canvass was subject-
ed to a chemical process, and would last three
times as I0112: as that which had not been submit-
ted to it. Experience had shown that constant
exposure to incessant rains had not produced any
injury to it.
'Mr. PEA [ICE said, the process was a novel
one, and was kept a secret by the inventor, who
had taken out a patent. It was not the same pro-
cess as was applied for the preservation of timber.
It had the effect of strengthening the canvass, and
of rendering it more pliant, as well as more dura-
ble. Respectable shipmasters had tested it, and
found it good. In one instance, the canvass thus
prepared had been used for seven voyages; and it
would certainly last at least twice as long as that
which had not been so prepared. It was surely
as necessary an object as the torpedo and other in-
ventions which the Government had subjected to
experiment. At this moment when, on account
of the war, our vessels are subjected to an unusu-
al decree of wear and tear, he thought it very im-
portant that this invention should be tested.
Mr. ALLEN said this was not an appropriation
for a perfect invention, but to ascertain whether
the invention can be made—if the Secretary can
make the invention. The Constitution provides
the means by which the inventor of any valuable
thing may, by taking out a patent, appropriate the
benefit to himself. It gave him the monopoly, for
a certain time, to remunerate him for his labor and
skill. When any useful discovery has been made,
when it is clearly ascertained to be a discovery,
any inventor, be he whom he may, may apply it
to "the use of the Government, and if the Govern-
ment sanctions its use, it is bound, in honesty, to
reward the inventor. But this is not such a case.
This is not to reward an inventor whose invention
has been appropriated by Government, but to
determine if it is an invention; and if it is found to
be valuable, the Government is to reward the in-
ventor. He knew there were abundant precedents
for this course; that Congress had appropriated
over and over to have supposed inventions tested
by experiments. Where they have proved success-
ful, Government is the inventor rather than the indi-
vidual. He knew there were precedents. And what
modeormannerorform of legislation couldnotfind
a precedent in the hasty, ill-digested, inconsiderate
legislation of Congress ? The passage of acts with-
out any deliberation of the body, may be found to
supply precedents for almost anything. So far as
concerned his course, individually, he would make
the unqualified declaration, that one, two, or three
acts of Congress would not be with him sufficient
authority for voting in conformity with them.
Legislative precedents were the most unsafe rule of
any that could be found for the action of Govern-
ment on public affairs. Marty an absurd project
while the sentinel was asleep on the watchtower,
had crept into a statute book and bccome a prece-
dent. Was it expected that we should bring into
the treasury every person, of an ingenious popula-
tion, who may think he has invented something >
Were we to be called on to test the fifty forms of
ploughshares, and all the countless objects of inge-
nuity, if not utility, which our countrymen have
supplied ?
No good reason could be found for asking this
appropriation of the Government, except in cases
where the market of the world is not open for the
invention, because itapplies only to purposes which
are exclusively useful to Government. He would
say, for instance, cannon, for which there could be
no use among the body of the people, and, conse-
quently, no market—no market to which the in-
ventor could look: he could only come to Govern-
ment, as there would be no hope of reward any-
where else. In this case it is otherwise. Mer-
chants employ a thousand acres of canvass where
Government employs one. Besides, we are in-
creasing our steamers, in which the use of canvass
is nearly dispensed with, using only the smaller
kind. Unless in cases where there is no use for
an invention in the community, Government can
be under no obligation, except to pay for it when it
may appropriate it to its use.
Mr. FAIRFIELD stated that this invention was
not confined in its benefits to a slate of war, but
equally useful was it in time of peace. If canvass is
not prepared in this way, it is known that it soon
rots from constant exposure to rain? and storms.
The inventor of this process prepared if so as to
preserve it from mildew and rot. The merchants
have tried it, and found that it will last four or
five times longer than that which is not prepared.
These facts are attested, not only by merchants,
but also by officers of ournavv. It was thought
best, however, that before its adoption by the Gov-
ernment, it should be tested under the diiection of
the Secretary of the Navy. This small appropria-
tion is to enable him to supply two sails, perhaps,
to each of twenty vessels, for the purpose of ob-
taining a test. It was a very small matter, out of
which the Senator from Ohio had made a great
business.
Mr. CASS made a few remarks on the immense
amount which had been paid by Government for
experiments, and was understood to say that he
thought it best to let inventions be tested by the
people.
Mr. BENTON said a few words which were
inaudible, except so far as he was understood to
refer to the danger frequently incurred in experi-
ments. If we undertake to encourage the race of
projectors, we shall soon be overrun by them.
The amendment was then agreed to—ayes '25.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, an amendment
was agreed to, increasing the appropriation re-
quired by the abolition of the spirit ration.
Mr. MILLER offered an amendment, directing
the payment of §1,250 to Dr. Thomas P. Jones,
for his services in testing steam boilers; which was
pending, when,
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the bill was passed
by informally.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate, as in committee of the whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making an
appropriation of three millions of dollars, for the
purpose of bringing the war with Mexico to a
conclusion.
Mr. BUTLER, of South Carolina, who was en-
titled to the floor from yesterday, rose and said,
he approached this subject with an embarrassment
he had in vain attempted to throw off; but he
would endeavor to redeem the pledge he made yes-
terday by confining his remarks within as short a
limit as possible; for upon reflection, he was much
more disposed to listen to the remarks of others
than to undertake to offer any suggestions of his
own. This war (he continued) has brought up
subjects to the consideration of this body which,
viewed in whatever aspect, are attended and sur-
rounded with gloomy and perplexing- difficulties.
My own mind has not been relieved by anything
which has yet been proposed; and when I say that
it has not been relieved, I am sure it would be
vanity in me to suppose that I could myself offer ij
any remarks or suggestions to relieve the difficul- j;
ties of others. |j
Until I determined to make a few remarks on j,
the subject, I confess that I had not fully realized !
the magnitude of the subject in all its bearings.
We are in the midst of a war. It has its horrors, ]'
its calamities, and its hazards. They are insepa- j1
rable from all war, and I do not know that they
are more revolting than those which accompany j!
all wars. Butwhen I turn to another view of this i
subject, I am still more appalled. I wish that I !
could look to peace for any relief. We have the i
war; and at this very moment, whilst our friends j
and kindred are either engaged in the perils of the i
battle, or are proceeding thither amid all the perils
of a dangerous coast and tempestuous ocean, in-
stead of finding any relief from any suggestions
made here for a speedy, honorable, and safe peace,
I find no other prospect presented to me. For if
some of the demonstrations which have been made
—and they come in an imposing form from impo-
sing sources—are to be carried out, peace wiil
bring with it still gloomier circumstances; and there
will be more abiding perils in the peace itself than
there were dangers in the war, viewed m any form
in which you may choose to regard them. It is
an occasion, sir, which calls for union, justice, and
wisdom. It calls for the spirit of compromise on
the common altar of our country. And yet, at this
very time, when all these influences united might
save the country, what do we find? Discord
mingling in our councils, with her profane torch
raised, and shrieking aloud that she is ready to
burn down the temple of our liberties, unless the
terms of peace prescribed by sectional fanaticism
and sectional ambition shall be conceded.
In these circumstances, whether I look to war or
to peace, it is scarcely with ^ope. However, m a
republic like this, aimd the agitations of a fiee,
active, and progressive public opinion, wemustex-
pect some of the hazards to accompany the glories
of our institutions. We must meet them as far and
j as well as we can. As I intend to rely for the pro-
; tection of the section of the country which I have
j the honor in part to represent, upon the guaranties
• of the Constitution, I will endeavor, as far as it is
I practicable, to avoid any sectional appeals in any
j form whatever. I came here, I may say, without
[ disguise, not as a partisan on this subject. I have
| no griefs to avenge—no favors to ask—no aspira-
| tions beyond the performance of my duty. And
' certainly if it should be supposed that I came here
with any premeditated aversion to this Adminis-
tration, or especially to the President of the United
States, there would be then a gieat mistake. I
J will endeavor to go thiough in the peiformance of
my duty, and 1 will say m the beginning, as far
j as I know myself, I will do the President and his
1 Administration justice; and when this war is, as
! it has been, denounced as lawless in its origin, un-
just in its objects, and mischievous m its conse-
quences, I must say this much for the President,
that as far as its origin is concerned, he is in some
measures to be held responsible; but as far as its
consequences are concerned, I do not see, Mr.
President, why the odium or the responsibility
should be thrown upon him. I cannot undo take
to say what may have been the immediate cause
of the origin of this war, but I know one thing: it
has been recognised and sanctioned, or, if you
choose, declared, in a most solemn manner by this
legislature; and if the legislature of the Union has
adopted the war, it does seem to me that it is
nothing but fair that it should share in all the re-
sponsibility incident to it. I do not profess or
pretend to make any remarks on the origin of this
war. It is not my purpose to do so; because I
think it a good maxim, full of wisdom—
" Beware of entrance to a quarrel j but, being in,
Bear it that the opposer may beware of thee."
Or again—
" Give thy thoughts no tongue,
Nor any unproportion'd thought its act."
Now we are in the war, 1 can see no purpose in
advertising an enemy what shall be our utmost de-
termination in relation to it. I think it impolitic,
unwise, and as far, therefore, as we can indicate
our utmost purpose, it ought, to be kept to our-,
selves. I think that the President thus far is enti-
tled to the indulgent consideration of this body.
He was placed in difficult circumstances. He was
called on to occupy the territory of Texas. That
territory had been ceded under peculiar circum-
stances. The boundaries were not defined, but it
was received, with instructions obligatory on the
President to take possession of it; and, as the rep-
resentative of the nation, he had to run all the
hazards of a collision with an enemy—I would not
say then an enemy—but with a Government that
had disputed not only the right of the republic on
which we claimed our title, but disputed our right
to any portion of that territory whatsoever. How,
then, was the President to proceed? I will en-
deavor to do him justice—so as not to provoke a
jealous, distrustful, and suspicious people. Thev
were claiming all, and in the midst of the distrac-
tion of faction had no responsible Government to
take cognizance of this matter. Well, no matter
