448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. IB.
■what had been the position assumed by the Presi-
dent, it would have been disputed. But when the
cession was made by this republic of Texas and it
was the most extraordinary thing perhaps m the
history of nations to find one republic making a
grant of the whole of its domain to another—
when that cession was made, perhaps the Presi-
dent, thinking it proper to take possession coex-
tensive with the limits of the grant, found himself
embarrassed and ultimately involved against his
own design in this collision with another Govern-
ment.
But, as I before said, we are in a war; and now
to examine into its origin is unwise, impolitic,and
I cannot see any good that is to be attained by it.
I am not disposed to go beyond its declaration, for
declaration it is. This Government, in the most
solemn manner, put at the disposal of the President j
ten millions of dollars and fifty thousand troops, j
They put the sword in his hand, and demanded i
him to use it. After this, what are we to do' That j
brings up the plain and practical question which j
seems to be involved in the bill on your table. ,
What does that billjjropose' I intend to speak I
directly to that before I pass to the other topics of
greater importance, though, perhaps, not ultimately
affecting the decision of the question. What, then,
is it ? It is a measure purporting to be for the pur-
pose of obtaining a speedy, honorable, and, I hope,
a safe peace. Well, so 1 regard the subject in one
aspect. Looking at it only as it concerns our
relations with a hostile Government, I would have
very little difficulty on the subject. It is only in
the othei aspect, as respects its bearing on our own
domestic institutions, that it really becomes most
formidable. But if this be a measure for peace, to j
take the alternative presented by my honorable j
fnend from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] I would j
much prefer to " buy"—if you choose to use the
WOrd—an honorable pence, made voluntarily by ,
the people of Mexico, rather than have any peace •
extorted from them at the duress of the cannon or |
the point of the bayonet. I do not know that it j
would be a subject of reproach, but it would be an j
event very much to be deplored if our army were t
to penetrate into the heart of Mexico, and there
umleitake to dictate terms to the people, by making
them pas'! under the yoke. It would be unfortu-
nate, so lar as regards the peace itselt. Yon might
have hands to sign it. You might find those who,
under the dictation of your armies, would, per- j
haps, put their hands to the paper. But what peo- !
pie on earth, pretending to be identified with their
fioi| who had mingled the sweat of their blow
with the very soil on~vv liirh tlioy lived—could keep
such a peace with any other than Punic hearts' It !
would be no peace, it would be a peace only so
Ion"- as the people could not break it with impu-
nity. I am far, theiefore, from desiring such a
result. , . !
And another thing T would say on this occa-
sion: let the young advcntuiers of this nation— !
active, restless, and enterprising as they are—once i
look upon the lair fields of Mexico, and it will be ,
as vain to attempt to restrain them as to restiain
the young eagles from returning to the carnagc of !
willing and submissive victims. If you ever dic-
tate such a peace as that, with arms in your hands,
within the palaces of Mexico, you are sowing the ;
seeds of eternal strife uetween the two republics. '
It is impossible, sir, to relieve a people compelled [
to submit to such a peace from the abiding moiti- j
fication, from which they would be continually i
attempting to relieve themselves. I desire no such
result. I have always legarded patriotism as being
somehow mystically associated with the love of i
sod, as well as the institutions of a people, lhave
always regarded that as one of the most beautiful ,
passages in histoiy, m which Bernadoite, whilst
he felt it his duty as a sovereign to oppose Is'apo-
leo.i, and for that purpose exerted all his poweis
in conjunction with others, yet when they ap-
proached the frontiers of France, he paused and
refused to invade his native soil! You cannot
separate that feeling from any people. 1 would not
wish, sir, to see any people on earth divested of
that feeling. Least of all should I desire to see any
act ol a republic like ours tending to eradicate horn
the heaits of any people such a sacred national
sentiment. In this point of view, theiefore, I
should regard it as a great misfortune, if it should
become necessaiy to cany on our offensive opera-
tions so far that we could, by humiliation—by mere
terror of our arms—force and extort from Mexico
such a peace as the hearts of her people could not
willingly observe.
But there is the other alternative, and I take that
of my honorable friend from Maryland. Suppose
a peace were presented to Mexico directly, in such
terms as these: "We are engaged in war. You
owe our citizens money. They have just claims
against you. Thus far, you have been unable to
pay them. Having appealed to the arbitrament of
the sword, we insist upon their adjustment." Mex-
ico replies that she has no resources; that exhaust-
ed by this protracted war, she is unable to respond
to the demand. "Very well!" we might reply;
" if you cannot do that, we have this simple prop-
osition to make: We will not only assume the debts
due to our own citizens, but moie than that, we
are willing to give, m advance, three millions of
dollais, in consideration that you will cede such
territory as you can honestly and fairly- in look-
ing at your own policy—spare, without interfering
with the integrity of your country." Now, sir, it
is a difficult proposition. We are speaking ol this
all on one side. We do not know that Mexico is
going to consider it; but I am very much inclined
to think, that if this money had been placed at the
disposal of the President last session, we would
have done more than all oui armies have effected.
Not by bribery. I do not mean that it should have
been used for the prostituting purpose of corrupt-
ing generals and magistrates; but simply to tell a
necessitous people: "You arc exhausted. You
have not money to pay your troops. But here, in
consideration of some territory that you might
spare, we are willing to advance to you three mil-
lions of dollars, and assume all the responsibility
you owe our citizens m the adjustment of then-
claims." 1 believe, sir, that if you had said that,
it would have had more effect than all the war
measures that you have adopted, and I for one
would have much preferred it. A spontaneous
peace, coming from a people, made with their own
consent, and without coercion, is not only more
becoming as regards our national policy; but, m
my opinion, would be founded in wisdom, and
would be much more permanent than any other.
I know other suggestions have been made; other
counsels may be followed: but I am inclined to be-
lieve that they are dangerous, and that the conse-
quences will be found to be fatal only when it is
too late to avert them. Yes, I am inclined to think
that every day this war is protracted, its mischiefs
will mciease. It' the peace had been concluded
only a few months after the brilliant battles on the
Rio G i undo, on the 8th and 9th of May, it might
have been wellforus. And, indeed, it was supposed
that when tins Government placed at the disposal
of the President ten millions of dollars and fifty
thousand men—not a doubt was entertained in my
part of the country, at least—that we would have
a speedy and an honorable peace. We have been
mistaken. We will be still mote mistaken, if we
suppose we can conquer a peace by subjugating a
people, by invading their soil, and taking their
cities! As far, theiefore, as that is concerncd, I
would be very much aveisc to it. I would be wil-
ling to make this experiment, and 1 hope it will be
conceded. But I will be asked, " What territory
do you want?" But for the mischievous sugges-
tions which have come up in some of your resolu-
tions there—I say it with all sincerity, and from
the bottom of my heart, befoie God—1 would have
been much better satisiied if the territory had fallen
on the northern side of the line of3G° 3!)'. I say
this much, sir, with no purpose or desne to agi-
tate that question; but when I am told—and in the
resolutions of New Y'ot'k told—in the most impo- ■
sing language, that this war is waged and must be j
prosecuted with a view to the acquisition of terri- j
tory, not only to and beyond the degree I have j
mentioned, but ony terntoiy; and that, when ac-j
quired, the people whom 1 represent are to par-j
ticipate m none of the fruits of conquest—none of i
the fruits of victory—that all the fruits are to be !
like the apple of discord; why, do you suppose i
that we can* submit to any such arrangement as
that? Do you suppose that, having excited us,(
under the institutions of tins republic, to a belief]
with those who would regard me as an inferior in
any point of view. 1 ask for existence for no
other purpose but the enjoyment^ of this proud
feeling of equality. Having excited it, having
been taught to prize it, is it to be supposed that I
am to forfeit it in this way ?
Well, that is what is proposed. So far as re-
gards this peace, if weare to have any territory at
all—and it presents this singular and very imposing
predicament, we go to war, putting at their disposal
fifty or a hundred millions of dollars, which are
expended at last under the authority of this Gov-
ernment. The bones of our soldiers arebleaching
upon the fields of Mexico, or entombed in her soil.
Thousands perish in this war. Peace is declared,
and there is no indemnity or compensation. No;
the only remuneration you will have will be soldiers
coming upon their crutches, asking you for pen-
sions for the balance of their lives; and yet I would
rather expend all that money, and incur all these
hazards, and subject myself to all these calamities,
than I would see the fraternity formed under the
union of this Federal Constitution broken up. 1 have
associations with the old thirteen States. I have
seen and rejoiced in the blessings of our Union.
I am admonished on all hands that that Union
ought to be preserved. I would give everything
to preserve it, except liberty itself. But if we are
to have territory, I see no other mode of preserving
this union than by giving up everything. When
1 see the accumulation of resolutions here, making
the current of public opinion stronger and deeper
every day, I have very little confidence in any
compromise by which the calamity may be sought
to be averted. You cannot avert it by compromise.
It is beyond you. It will come upon you; and I
hope, when it does come, the Union will be found
stronger than those who arc willing, with their
criminal casuistry, to sport with it under party
banners. I thmk it will prove stronger. In my
opinion, it is getting stronger every day, so far as
regards the original States. And why? Your in-
tercourse is more frequent—more profitable—better
regulated—not only intercourse with those adjacent
to cach other, but what is distance now ? What is
the distance between Charleston and New York,
between Detroit, and any part of the west, and New
Orleans? Why, it ceases almost by the improve-
ments of these modern days; and while we are re-
buked every day by the inducements to cotmuen
in this Union, it is one of the objects, which it
seems to me, political—if I should not use exact
terms, 1 hope I shall be excused—political aspi-
rants, with criminal indifference to the conse-
quences, are sporting with every movement. When
you look to the future, can you not behold the
time when the grandchildren of those now living
in Massachusetts, with an enterprise characteristic
of all the northern States, will be found at the
South, and as you think of such a painful isMte as
the shedding of kindred blood in a contest of this
kind, are you not forcibly admonished of the dut}*1
to consult the spirit of compromise in which this
Constitution originated, and which pervades that
instrument throughout > If we could all but wor-
ship on the altar of justice and good faith, erected
by our ancestors, I would trust every one of the
questions which have been brought up here to
New York, Pennsylvania, or Massachusetts. Yes;
and let me here relate, by way of lllustiation, an
historical fact, before I proceed to the proposition
which I mean to present.
It is known that Veimont came into the Union
after the formation of the present Federal Consti-
tution. Now, suppose it had been proposed, and
there had been a slaveholding population strong
enough to dictate the terms, that no one should
have enjoyed privileges, franchises of any kind in
Vermont, except upon condition that they should
employ slave labor. It would have been rejected,
repudiated with scorn, because tt would have been
said to be inconsistent with the spirit and provis-
ions of the constitution under which Vermont was
to enter into the Union. 1 speak of it^as being
presented to her while a territory. Now, take
another case still more extreme, and let me give a
little history of it by way of illustrating the point
that we aie equal, and that our* posterity will be |j more distinctly. The territory now comprised in
equal in all respects, we are told, sir, in the most j. the States of Alabama and Mississippi were origi-
liiaulUn"- manner, that we are to be degraded in a ji nally part of the territory of Georgia, and by one
polnicafand social point of view? I say it, and I 'j of the most stupendous frauds, perhaps, ever per-
say it here, so far as it regards all the objects of ; petrated to the dishonor of ail entire people, it is
life—position empire, wealth, everything—all j| very well known, that by a combination of cor-
would. be nothing to me, if I found that I had lived u ruptioa that territory was esded to a soropany,
