THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
who claimed it under that grant. Well, the indig-
nation of the people of Georgia, on finding them-
selves despoiled of their territory, was, as may
readily be imagined, extreme. The anecdote goes
so far, indeed, as to inform us that by way of
showing their indignation, the whole assembly, for
the next year, in the presence of a vast concourse
of people—such as had never been witnessed in
that part of the land—collecting the rays of the sun
literally by iire from Heaven, burnt up the record.
But the good faith which had always characte-
rized, and I hope ever will characterize the people
of this nation, still retained its controlling influ-
ence, and when the question came up upon the
grant, it was confirmed. A war between this com-
pany and the State of Georgia followed, and, in
these circumstances, what did the Federal Gov-
ernment do? It interposed, and bought up the
claim. Well, now, Mr. President, suppose the
Federal Legislature had undertaken to prescribe
to that territory terms prohibiting involuntary ser-
vitude: do you think that the people of Georgia,
in that territory, would have submitted? Why
not? For the very reason that the Federal Gov-
ernment had no authority to do so. It would have
been a fraud; and whilst the Government inter-
posed for the purpose of remedying the conse-
quences of a fraud, it would itself have perpetrated
on the Constitution one of the most stupendous
frauds which could be imposed upon a fiee people.
And why? If the Federal Government have the
power now, they had it then; and just as much
then as now. But, at that time, wKen good faith
arid a regard to the true principles of theConstitu-
tion prevailed, the very thought of it would have
been repudiated with scorn by every section of
the Union. Yes, by New York, that comes here
with her resolutions instructing her Senators to
acquire territory by wai, and then portion it out
according to her prescription. I take North Caro-
lina as another example. She owned Tennessee.
North Carolina was the State in which the first
symptom of the Revolution was found. Did she
attempt to prescribe any terms for her territory on
the ground that the Constitution gave her the
power of sovereignty over it? No; she never
dreamed of such a thing.
I now, sir, come to my proposition, that Con-
gress exercising the power, which has been con-
ferred upon it in its organic form, has no such thing
as sovereign control; or, I mean the same sover-
eign control as one of the commonwealths of this
republic m relation to the territories of the Union.
I deny utterly any such sovereignty. Congress
has a right to make all needful rules and regula-
tions for her territories; but what power has Con-
gress to appropriate territory? Now, by way of
illustration. Suppose now, by a majority, Con-
gress were to undertake to convert Oregon Terri-
tory into a State, and to impose upon it a Constitu-
tion giving it Territorial or State rights to send
members here, not only to speak but vote, would
you have the power? A State would have the
power. A State has the light to say—I don't
know but it majr say—that no one who owns
slaves shall be eligible. A State also has the power
to say that no one shall be eligible unless he be a
Protestant, or unless he be a non-slaveholder, I
don't know but in a State Constitution it might be
so. But the proposition supposes this, whether
Congress were to undertake now, in relation to
any territory whatever, to say that no one shall
go upon that territory and be" eligible to office or
to franchise in that territory, unless he is a non-
slaveholder r No; Congress has no such power
It has no sovereign authority to deal with the ter-
ritory, as a State, within its own jurisdiction, can
with its own land. If it assume the power—as
Mr. Pinckney says—it is a wilderness of powe>*—
it is one of assumption and not of warrant; and I
have been astonished at the indifference on this
subject. I say, however, now, with good faith, I
would abide by the Missouri compromise, because
it was made by good men, and acquiesced in from
that time to this. But will you ever find the South
violating any of her engagements—violating her
honor in any respect? Have you seen any symp-
29
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1847.
New Series No. 29.
torn of it yet? If the consequences of disunion
come upon us, and ail the horrors of civil war, she
can say, " Shake not thy gory locks at me; thou
canst not say I did it!" She has violated no en-
gagement; she will adhere to all her obligations
with scrupulosity; and occupying that position,
she has a right to rebuke the attempts at spoliation
and invasion of her rights under the Federal Con-
stitution.
What, then, is it you say ? The New York
resolutions disclaim it. Ah ! it may be the hand
of Esau, but I suspect very much that all the bles-
sings, if you choose to say so, nre to go to Jacob.
I am not sure that these innocent men, honestly
entertained anopinionon this subject. The Friends
and enthusiasts in philanthropy may agitate, but
you may depend on it, the daring and ambitious
men, looking to office, mean to avail themselves of
it. It may originate in good motives, but depend
upon it, the lesult will not be in that way. I put this
case. Bounty lands arc awarded to your soldieis.
A soldier from Massachusetts takes one section—
a soldier from Louisiana the next—a soldier from
New York another, and a soldier from South Caro-
lina might go to an adjacent section. They were
comrades in arms—they were generous in their
confidence with each other. And when one of the
soldiers goes to settle on the land, or his mother
even to shed a fear on the tomb of her son, she is
told that we are polluting the soil which contains
the bones of her gallant son. One soldier says
you cannot possess it, whilst another says you
may, because your Government had a right to
confer it. Am I to be told that, in the distribution
of these lands, the gallant soldiers who have gone
out from one scction of the Union and shed their
blood on the soil, shall be excluded from the en-
joyment of it on the ground that they could not
put slave labor on it? Or, if you choose to say it,
and if Congress has the jurisdiction, thatthey shall
be excluded on the giound that they cannot enjoy
these privileges unless they come within the con-
ditions proscribed by the Corgress of the United
States? Could any people submit to that? I do
not believe that it is going to result in disunion. I
cannot believe that Congress can break down the
guarantees of the Constitution for the purpose of
perpetrating such a fraud. Like the ghost of Ham-
let, it would rise and speak to the young men of
South Carolina—
" If thou ha=t nature in tliee, hear it not!"
And they would not. They could not, if they
appreciate any of the principles handed down to
them. But I hope the calamity will be averted.
I have made these remarks in illustration. I have
some other views which there is not time perhaps
to present now as fully as I might otherwise de-
sire. The Federal Government has a fiduciary
agency. It is a trustee. It is aguardian. It has
charae and disposition of their lands for all the
people of the United States who may choose to
settle upon them, until such people, by majority,
assume a position to he invested with the attributes
of sovereignty. They have the power to hold
these lands and dispose of them in subserviency
to this trust, until the minority of the people be
overcome in majoiity. What right has this Gov- ;
ernment to prescribe a constitution for these peo- j
ple? None. It would be a prescription without j
authority. Therefore, I deny this power. i
But there is another view of the subject, and ;
that is a claim under a treaty. Ah ' I have heard
that before from a very imposing source. Tt was !
said by one who has authority in the United [
States, that if we were at war with a strong Pow- j
er, and the southern States should be subjugated, i
a treaty could be made stipulating that the terri- :
torv could be ceded to a foreign Power. Are you |
undertaking to indicate here that you will, under !
that treaty, acquire territory with an advertise- j
ment that in that treat}?* you will confine its privi- .
leges and advantages to an exclusive class of citi- ,
zens ? That is what is avowed by your resolu- j
tions. Well, then, here we are placed in this pre- :
dicamcnt. We are to gain nothing. The South i
is to be told that her soldiers may go and may I
conquer the Hespeiinn fruit, but must not touch I
it. They may encounter all the hazards, butreap
none of the fruits of victory.
We must deal with this subject as we find it;
and I am very much afraid that the treaty—if there
be a treaty made—will include some of the territory
in such a manner as will bring up this question
unavoidably. It would be odious, sir, to reduce
it to 36° 30', merely to announce a proposition.' I
would contend for the ninth part of a hair, if for
nothing else but to assert my rights. I am one of
those that proclaim that I would rather not have
any territory at all—I would quit this war, with
all its calamities and losses—rather than incur the
dreadful consequences predicted, so far as regards
our institutions hereafter. We cannot look to
pcace, without seeing dangers far more appalling
than the war itself. I do not want any of the ter-
ritory. I am free to say, prr se—if I may be
permitted to use the phrase—I do not want any
territory. We have enough for our population—
more, perhaps, than we can fill up in the next cen-
tury. But there is one feature m this case which,
must be considered, in relation to other countries,
and especially the great maritime nations of the
earth. I do not want any territory as room for
our population. But if Mexico would consent—
and I would much rather have it by her consent-
to dispose of some territory on the Pacific, by
which we might have some incidental advantage
for our navy on that ocean—for in that respect it-
is the great highway of nations, and ours should
have as many advantages as any other nation,—
I say, if we could get the port spoken of, (San
Francisco,) with such territory as might be along-
with it, I would rejoice, and rejoice that it fell on
the other side of the line, because it would have'
shown a reference, bona fide, to our own policy in
relation to the nations of the earth, that might be
really attributed to it. But when you come, sir,
and undertake to acquire more territory, and define
it in such a way as to bring up this question, I can-
not accord to any recognition of these odious dis-
tinctions. I can indicate no path. I know not
but th^plan indicated by my honorable colleague,
so far as it regards the mode of carrying on the
war, is very good. But so far as regards the ulti-
mate acquisition of territory, I have my doubts.
I would leave that to a treaty, and if made, botnl
fide, in the exercise of the judgment of this respon-
sible body, for the purpose of making a treaty in
good faith for the whole nation, without reference
to sectional benefits, I would rejoice at it. I have
no objections to it thus far; but 1 am afraid that
we will thus subject one which cannot be avoided.
I understand from my honorable friend, [Mr.
Rusk,]—I think he mentioned it the other day—
that already associations of men are now crowding
in behind our troops and the posts occupied by
them, and are settling the countiy. Do you think
that we can ever exclude them? lam afraid that it
will become the painful alternative of this country
either to assume jurisdiction for the purpose of
making amicable adjustment, rather than give them,
up to irresponsible associations of men who would
keep the country continually in war with that
weak and distracted nation. I am afraid of that.
That is the danger which I apprehend. In this
way the value of lands in Texas itself will be de-
preciated. But if the treaty should include what
we have conquered, and on the terms announced,
I do not know what the South would do. It might
submit. I make no idle threats on this iloor. It
is not the place or the occasion for that. ^ I am ad*
rnonished by eveiy consideration of which I have
spoken to lefiain from any vaunting declarations.
I do not know what the South would do. I only
know it would be in one of the most painful posi-
tions in which a freeman could be placed, or his
children, to be told virtually that it was to be re-
duced from a position of equality to one of degrada-
tion , political and social. I hope this danger may
be averted.
But you ask, what will I do? Iam willing to
give this money, but not with any of the qualifica-
tions or amendments offered here. I am willing to
give it with a fair understanding, that it will be
used for the purpose of terminating thi* war.
