1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
458
$90,000 would complete it. A commerce passed
over that river of twenty-five millions every year,
mainly to New York and Massachusetts, so that
both those States were interested in the object. As
the thing stood, the piers begun and not complete,
were rather an obstacle than a benefit to the naviga-
tion of that river.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. McCLELLAND offered a resolution in the
usual terms, providing for the termination of the
debate in committee.
Pending the resolution, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, uuder the rule, as follows:
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi: The petition ofEd-
ward Mortimer, piaung Congre-s to giant linn a qtiaitet
section of laud because of having been heietofore depnvtid
of his home by fraudulent miwns. Also, the petition ot D.
Oogdil and others, pravmg the establishment o( a mail route
from Jacinto, via Danviile, New Hope, to Matamoios, Tex-
as.
I3y Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Joseph Burnett and
Others, of Wobuni, Mri-sarhu^'tts, praying that Congros
would u*e all constitutional means to bring the Meuean
war toacloso without any fuither effusion otblood.
By Mr. WJNTHROP The petition of the heirs and iep-
resentatives of Oliver Keating, late of Boston, for the pay-
ment of the French indemnitus.
ByMi.W. HUNT, of New Voik: The petition of 1G0 citi-
zens of Royalton, New York, a-king that the public land-
be set apart an<l applied to colonize the negro population,
and rpmonstiating against a further extension of slavety.
By Mr. HALE The petition of Pelham Holmes and others,
prating md.'umit\ f<u spoliations by Fiance prior to 1800.
By Mr. HASTINGS. The memorial ofsuridiy citizens of
the county or Louisa, in the State of Iowa, in relation to
reclaiming certain inundated land-.
By Mr. DOBBIN: The memorial of James Owen, of Wil-
mington, North Carolina, (by his attorney, Geoige Little,)
as legal representative of James Porterfield.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition from citizens of
Lynchburg, praying some protection of the manufacture of
sulphate of quinine and othei articles of the same descrip-
tion. Also, the petition on the same subject from citizens
of Richmond, Virginia.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of citizens of Bate? coun-
ty, Missouri,for post routes from Harmonville, Van Burcn
county, to Little Osage, Bates county, and from Little Osage
to Carthage, Jasper county.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: Sundry memorials as-kmg
sueh a modification of the tariff of 1846 a= will pieventthe
destruction of manufactures of sulphate of quinine and mcr-
cunai«, and will pieventthe country fiom becoming depend-
ant ou foreign countues for tuUuc supplies..
By Mr. T1IOMASSON: The petition of J. S. Morris &
Co and others, apothecaries and druggists of the city of Lou-
i>ville, Kentucky, asking a modification of the tat iff, so as
to eneouiage manufacturers of sulphate of quinine and mei-
curials.
By Mi. SCHENCK: A memorial from George II. Bates &
Co. and 35 oihers. of the city of Cincinnati, venders and
consumers of quinine and mercurial**, pi avmg for such modi-
fication ot the tariff of 1846 as will affoid encouragement to
the manufacturers of sulphate of quinine and incrcunais,
and pi event the destruction of such manufactures in this
country.
By Mr. GIDDINGS: A petition for a dissolution of the
Union between slave and 1'rce States, signed by Martin
Johnson and 37 other citizens of Ohio AKo, W. B. Mich-
ener and 37 others, citizens of Ohio. Also, a petition foi the
withdrawal of the troops from Mexico and to procure a peace
with that republic, signed by Sylvester Ward and 140 others,
by C. A. Sill and 14 others, bv Geo. K.Jenkins and 36 others,
by Joh n Johnson and 30 others, all citizens of Ohio.
By Mr. CALEB B. SMITH: A memorial of David Craig-
head and 135 others, citizens of Indianapoli®, Indiana, pray-
ing for such an alteration of the tariff of 1846 as will afford
additional encouragement to the manufacturers of sulphate
of quinine and inereuiials.
By Mi. PETTIT: The petition of John T. Ball, of Indi-
ana, for further allowance.
By WILLIAM W. CAMPBELL: Two memorials from
citizens of New Yoik, praying a modification of the tariff in
relation to quinine and mercurials.
By Mr. HUDSON : The petition of Charles Allen and 380
Other legal voters of Woicester. Mcishachuvett"?, pr.iying for
the restoiation of peace arid the withdrawal ofourarmy from
Mexico.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The petition of 39 citizens of
Shiawassee county, Michigan, for the establishment of a
mail-route from Owasso, in &atd count}, to Lyons, 111 the
countv of Ionia, in <*aid State.
By Mr. STEWART: The drawing and documents of
Thomas Gregg, of Fayette county, Pennsylvania, in relation
to a ball-pioof steamer, as invented by him.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 19, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CILLEY presented two petitions of citizens
of New Hampshire, praying the adoption of pa-
cific measures for the speedy termination of the
war with Mexico; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of the State
of New Hampshire, in favor of the adoption of
measures for the extinction of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; its exclusion from the Territory
of Oregon, and all other territories which now, or
hereafter may, belong to the United States; for
the suppression of the«domestic slave trade, and
against the admission of any new State into the
Union whose constitution tolerates slavery; which
was read, and ordeied to be printed.
Also, a preamble and resolution passed by the
Legislature of the State of New Hampshiie, de-
claring their determination to use every effort, con-
sistent with the Constitution of the United States,
for the extermination of slavery; which was read,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN. By what majority were these
resolutions passed?
Mr. CILLEY. I am unable to say. In the
Senate, the majority was very large, and in the
House less; but it was composed of both parties.
Mr. MILLER presented a resolution of the
Legislating of New Jeisey, requesting the Sena-
tors and Reprcsentathes of that State in Congress
to use their efforts to procure the adoption of a
provision, in anymeasuie for the acquisition of
territory by the United States, which will exclude
therefrom slavery or involuntary servitude, exccpt
as a punishment for crime; which was read, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN. By what majority were these
Mr. MILLER. I believe the vote of one branch
was unanimous; in the other, there was a single
negative.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying such an alteration
of the Constitution and laws of the Uniied States
as will abolish slavery throughout the Union; the
motions to receive which were laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Committee on Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the memoiial of An-
drew D. Crosby, deceased; and it was referred to
the Committee of Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DIX, the Senate reconsidered
the vote by which the bill for the relief of the heirs
of Jethro Wood was yesterday passed, and the bill
having been amended by the insertion of the name
of Sylvia Ann Wood, as one of the heirs, it was
again read a third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of Ichabod Jor-
dan, late collector of the port of Saco, Maine, made
a report, accompanied by the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to Congress at its next session,
whether the laws which regulate the compensation
of collectors of the customs require any modifica-
tion; and if so, in what particulars; and that the
said Secretary report his reasons for any proposed
modification.
Mr. JARNAG1N, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referied the memorial
of David Vann and William P. Ross, submitted a
report, accompanied by a preamble and resolution;
which wa3 ordered to be printed. Mr. J. gave
notice that he should call up this resolution at an
early day.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom had been referred the bill in rela-
tion to the district courts of the United States for
the State of New York, made an adverse report
thereon.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of citizens of Frederick, and
the adjoining counties, in Virginia, praying a dis-
trict court, with circuit jurisdiction at Winchester,
reported adversely thereon.
'Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a bill to
authorize a term of the circuit and district courts
for the district of Illinois, to be held at Chicago,
Illinois; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom had been refetred various peti-
tions praying that the Tonawanda band of Indians
may be exempted from the operation of the tieaty
of 1842, between the United States and the Seneca
nation, made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. B., in reply to a question from Mr. Dick-
inson, said that the main point in the report related
to the power of Congress to annul a treaty with-
out the consent of the other contracting party.
The committee had determined that Congress hod
no such power.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
from the House for the relief of Joseph Warren
Newcombe, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Ann B. Cox; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. R., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Elisha L. Keen; which was
read, and passed to the sccond reading.
JYfr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom had been referred the petition of Robert
'Deidrich, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
TH R .SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. CALHOUN here rose and said: Mr. Pres-
ident, 1 rise to offer a set of resolutions in reference
to the various resolutions from the State Legisla-
tures upon the subject of what theyxall the exten-
sion of slavery, and the proviso attached to the
House bill, called the three million bill. What I
propose before I send my resolutions to the table,
is to make a few explanatory remarks.
Mr. President, it was solemnly asserted on this
floor, some time ago, that all parties in the non-
slaveholding States had come to a fixed and sol-
emn determination upon two propositions. One
was, that there should be no further admission of
any States into this Union which permitted by
their constitution the existence of slavery; and the
other was, that slavery shall not hereafter exist in
any of the Territories of the United States; the
effect of which would be to give to the non-slave-
holdmg States the monopoly of the public domain,
to the entire exclusion of the slaveholding States.
Since that declaration was made, Mr. President,
wc have abundant proof that there was a satisfac-
tory foundation for it. We have received already
solemn resolutions passed by seven of the non-
slaveholding States—one half of the number al-
ready in the Union, Iowa not being counted—
using the strongest possible language to that effect;
and no doubt in a short space of time similar reso-
lutions will be received from all of the non-slave-
holding States. But we need not go beyond the
walls of Congress. The subject has been agitated
in the other tiouse, and they have sent you up a
bill "prohibiting the extension of slavery" (using
their own language) " to any territory which
may be acquired by the United States hereafter."
At the same time, two resolutions which have been
moved to extend the compromise line from the
Rocky Mountains to the Pacific, during the pres-
ent session, have been rejected by a decided ma-
jority.
Sir, there is no mistaking the signs of the times-;
and it is high time that the southern States, the
slaveholding States, should inquire what is now
their relative strength in this Union, and what it
will be if this determination should be carried into
effect hereafter. Sir, already we are in a minor-
ity—1 use the word "we," for brevity sake—al-
ready we are in a minority in the other House, in
the electoral college, and, I may say, in every de-
partment of this Government, except at present in
the Senate of the United States: there, for the
present, we have an equality. Of the twenty-
eight States, fourteen arc non-slaveholding and
fourteen are slaveholding, counting Delaware,
which is doubtful, as one of the non-slaveholding
States. But this equality of strength exists only
in the Senate. One of the clerks, at my request,
has furnished me with a statement of what is the
relative strength of the two descriptions of States,
in the other House of Congress, and in the elec-
toral college. There are two hundred and twenty-
eight representatives, including Iowa, which is
already represented there. Of these, one hundred
and thirty-eight are from the non-slaveholding
States and ninety from what are called the slave
States', giving a majority in the aggregate to the
former of forty-eight. In the electoral college there
are one hundred and sixty-eight votes belonging to
the non-slaveholding States, and oqe hundred and
eighteen to the slaveholding, giving a majority of
fifty to the non-slaveholding.
