1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W5
think I see the future if we do not stand up as we
ought. In my humble opinion, in that case, the
condition of Ireland is prosperous and happy—the
condition of Hindostan is prosperous and happy—
the condition of Jamaica is prosperous and happy,
to what the southern States will be if they should
not now stand up manfully in defence of their rights.
Mr. President, I desire that the resolutions
which I now send to the table be read.
[The resolutions were read as follows:]
Resoloed, That the terutoiies of the United States belong
to the several States composing this Union, and are held by
them as their joint and common property.
Riso'vrd, That Congress,a.; the jouitagent and represent-
ative ofthe States of this Union, has no right to make any
law, or do any act whatever, that shall directly, or by its
cfl'eets, make any discrimination between the States of this
Union, by which any of them shall be deprived of its full
and equal right in any teintory ofthe United States acquired
or to be acquired.
Resolved, That the enactment of any law which should
diieetly, or by its effects, deprive the citizens of any ofthe ;
States of this Union from emigrating, with their properly, i
into any of the tenitories of the United State?, will nnke j
such discrimination, and would, theielore, he a violation of j
the CuiMituuoii, and the rights of the States from winch 1
such cit:z -ns emigrated, and 111 derogation of that perfect !
equahtv which belongs to thein as membeis of this Union, !
and would tend directly to subvert the Union itself.
Retto'tcd,. That it is a fundamental pi mt iple in oui politi-
cal creed, that a people, in forming a constitution, have the
unconditional right to form and adopt the government which
they may think be-st calculated to seeiue their liberty, pros-
perity, and happiness; and that, in conformity thereto, no
other condition i& imposed bv the Federal Constitution on a
State-, in oidcr 10 be admitted into this Union, except that its
Constitution '-hall be republican ; and that the imposition of
any other by Cougiess  would not only be in violation of the
Constitution, but 111 diiect conflict with the puneiple on
winch our political system refcts.
I move that the resolutions be printed. I shall
move that they be taken up to-morrow; and I do
tiust that the Senate will give them early attention
and an early vote upon the subject.
Mr. BENTON then rose and said: Mr. Presi-
dent, we have some business to transact. There i
is something yet to be done to give effect to the ten j
regiment bill, and other important measures require I
our attention. Now, if anybody thinks that I am |
going to lay aside the nccessary business of the i
session to vote on such a string of abstractions, he i
is greatly mistaken.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator says he cannot ;
take up abstractions. The Constitution is an ab-
straction. Propriety in an abstraction. All the
great rules of life are abstractions. The Declara-
tion of Independence was made on an abstraction*,
and when \ hear a man declare that he is against
abstract truth in a case of this kind, J am prepared
to know what his course will be ! I certainly sup-
posed that the Senator from Missouri, the repre-
sentative of a slaveholdmg State, would have sup-
ported these resolutions. I moved them in good
faith, under a solemn conviction of what was due
to those whom I represent; and due the whole
South and the whole Union. I have as little desire
as any Senator to obstruct public business. All I
want is a decision, and a decision before the three
million bill h decided. If the Senator from Mis-
souri wants to-morrow morning, very well. The
resolutions can be taken up on Monday.
Mr. BENTON. I will pursue my own course
when the time comes. I know what aie abstrac-
tions, and what are not. I know what is business
. and what is not. I am for going on with the busi-
ness of the session; and I say, I shall not vote for
abstractions years ahead, to the exclusion of busi-
ness. The Senator fiom South Carolina says he
calculated on my support. He is mistaken. He
knows very well from my whole course in public
life, that I never would leave public business to
take up firebrands to set the world on fire.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator does not at all
comprehend me. I expressed a hope that he
would be found ready to support the principles
presented in my resolutions.
Mr. BENTON. I shall be found in the right
place. I am on the side of my country and the
Union.
The resolutions were then ordered to be printed.
THE NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate then resumed, as in committee of the
whole, the consideration of the bill-making appro-
priations for the navnl service for the year ending
#*on the 30th of June, 1848.
The question pending being on the motion of
Mr. Miller, to amend by inserting a provision
for services performed by Dr. T. P. Jones, it was
determined in the negative—ayes 12, noes 17.
Mr. YULEE moved, by direction of the Naval
Committee, to amend the bill by inserting a sec-
tion appropriating money to test the efficiency of
an invention, by Uriah Brown, of a steam vessel
which would be cannon-proof, and from which an
inextinguishable and destructive liquid fire could
be discharged on vessels and fortresses.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 18, noes
12.
Mr. YULEE moved an amendment, nrmkinga
provision to test the suitableness of iron as a ma-
terial for the construction of vessels; which was
negatived.
Mr. YULEE, under instruction from the Naval
Committee, moved an amendment authorizing an
increase of warrant officers; which was agreed to.
DOCK AT PENSACOLA.
Mr. YULEE moved to strike out the appropri-
ation for a dock at Pensacola, for the purpose of
inserting a substitute.
Mr. YULEE expressed his determination to
vote against the appropriation as it stands in the
bill, if the suh.stit.ute he had prepared was not
adopted. Congress had appropriated the sum of
five thousand dollars for theappomtmentof aboard
of commissioners to examine the various navy
yards and the docks, to determine where docks
should be constructed. At the last session, a full
report from this board was laid before Congress.
The board consisted of'Colonel Talcott, two com-
modores, and a gentleman of scientific experience.
They saw at New York the working of the float-
ing docks. They then went to Pensacola, and
examined that station, and reported that the con-
struction of a floating dock there would be imprac-
ticable, on account of the want of a sufficiency of
water. It appeared to him, therefore, strange that
an appropriation should be made in this bill to
construct a floating dock, in direct opposition to the j
result of the examination of the board, as given in i
its report to Congress. Tie had moved this "amend- |
ment for the purpose of making the appropriation ]
conform to the report of the board. !
Mr. CAMERON hoped the amendment of the j
Senator fiom Floiida would not picvail. If we
were to proceed to construct a stone dock at Pen-
sacola, it would be years before we could look for
its completion. It was not probable that it could
be finished before the termination of the war. He
thought, too, that the Senator was mistaken as to
the depth of water in his own harbor. To show
this, he referred to another report from a public
officer, who had also made an examination, and
reported that there was a sufficiency of water. He
also adverted to the fact, that Mr. Upshur had for-
merly made a contract for a floating dock at Pen-
sacola.
Mr. YULEE read an extract from the report
of the Board of Commissioners, in which it was
stated that a floating dock would require a depth
of fifteen feet of water below the present depth.
Mr. ATHERTON thought, if a dock was re-
quired at Pensacola, it was not right to commence
one which could not be completed for some years,
and would cost above a million of dollars, and to
which, after it was finished, ships of war could
not have access. He did not suppose that, m mo-
ving his amendment, the Senator from Florida was
influenced by any desire that large sums might be
expended on Florida. He was doubtless sincere
in his views of the propriety of constructing a
stone dock. But it was impossible to calculate the
cost of such a dock. It might reach two millions
of dollars, on account of the hazard which would
attend working in quicksands.
After a few words from Mr. HUNTINGTON—
Mr. "WESTCOTT said he did not profess to
know anything at all about the relative merits of
the stone dock, the sectional dock, or the balance
dock; nor did he believe Senators generally knew
much more on the subject than he did. He felt
inclined to defer his judgment to that of his col-
league, who was a member of the Naval Committee,
and had examined the subject for some years, and
he should vote with him on his amendment for a
stone dock. The remarks, however, of the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Ather-
ton] was conclusive with him as to the necessity,
even if a stone dock was built, of having a floating
dock at Pensacola within a few months—as soon
as possible—for the purpose of repairing our ves-
sels in the Gulf which might receive damage. The
passage of the bill allowing a floating dock should
not (if such dock did not succeed) prevent the
building a stone dock hereafter. Mr. W. said he
had intended to propose some amendments to the
dock clause,, but waived them to avoid the danger
to the bill on this score.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
i; Mr. Yulee was negatived.
OFFICERS OF THE MISSOURI.
jj Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to amend
j! the bill by inserting a provision making an appro-
priation to pay the officers of the steam-frigateMis-
souri for their property lost in the burning of that
vessel.
Mr. J. said the officers on board that vessel, at
the time of her destruction, had lost all their cloth-
ing, and everything they had on board the frig-
ate. There could not be a more just claim for
compensation. The subject had been brought be-
fore Congress last session, and had been referred;
but no report having been made, he hoped the case
would be provided for by attaching his amendment
to this bill.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON thought this was a fair
claim. The officers lost everything. Precedents
might be referred to. When Fort Delaware was
burnt down, the officers lost their clothing, and
Congress did not hesitate to give them remunera-
tion. That was not a stronger case than this. He
hoped the amendment would be agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected to the amend-
ment as opening the way to a new class of claims.
We might as well introduce an appropriation for
the officers of the Seagull as the Missouri.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said the amend-
ment might be introduced in the bill with as much
'I propriety as many other amendments which had
[I been introduced. He hoped it would be adopted.
! It was a just and fair claim.
| Mr. FAIRFIELD had no doubt the claim was
; a just one; but theie were other cases of & similar
; character, and this was not the proper place to make
' provision for them. There were cases before the
; Noval Commiu^e—the Seagull, the Peacock, the
I Missouri—all with equal claims on the Gover.i-
i ment. They could not be taken up at this late
: period. They must pass over until next session,
: when they would, doubtless, be all acted on.
!, Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. The chairman
!'; of the Naval Committee says the claim is a just
|| one. It was referred to that committee last session,
|! and the excuse for not acting was, that it was too
[j late. It was again referred at the beginning of this
|j session, and now it is too late; and we are told it
i! cannot be acted on until next session,
'j Mr. ATCHISON said he was always sorry to
I differ from the Senator from Louisiana, who was
1 always prima facie, right. But he could not give
! his vote for this amendment. He did not think it
| would be right to make the appropriation. It
j would be offering a premium for negligence.
| The question was then taken, and the amend-
! ment was negatived.
! Mr. PEARCE, for the purpose of preventing
! such a construction of an amendment adopted yes-
j terday, as would give the pyrotechnist rank as a
, lieutenant-commanding, moved an amendment ex-
; plaining that he should exercise no military com-
i mand.
! The amendment was agreed to.
1 The bill was then reported to the Senate with
I amendments; the amendments were concurred in,
I and the bill was ordered to be cngrossdtt for a third
; reading.
| THREE MILLION BILL.
! The Senate, as in Committee ofthe Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making an ap-
propriation of three millions of dollars to bringto
i a conclusion the war with Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON said, from the course this de-
bate had taken, the object of this bill was in danger
of beinsj: forgotten. Its merits appeared to have
been pretty much overlooked, for no position had
particularly been taken in favor of its passage, or
■ in opposition to it; gentlemen having discussed a
variety of topics, having no immediate connexion
■ with it. As, therefore, gentlemen had gone into
; so wide a discussion, it would impose on him the
! duty of noticing matieis somewhat irielevant to the
, question pending before the Senate.
: Honorable gentlemen, in discussing this subject,
had adverted to various circumstances which seem
i to claim no very intimate connexion with it; and
1 some which involve not only the interests, but the
