456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
integrity of the territory of tbe State which he in
part represented. But previous to entering into an
investigation of that subject, it might riot be im-
proper to advert to that portion of their discussions
which had relation to the expulsion of the printer
to Congress.
He had not thought proper, nor, indeed, had the
opportunity presented itself, to offer the views he
entertained on that subject while it was before the
Senate, however deeply he was impressed with its
importance, as connected with the liberties and the
well-being of our citizens. The Senate, in its wis-
dom, may have acted correctly, but his opinions
were so much at variance with the policy of the
course pursued, that he would adduce some reasons
why he was inclined to believe that an error might
have been committed.
If they were to regard the privileges of this body
as sacred, and to hold that the members were not
subject to the ordinary influence of public opinion;
and if they were to enjoy tiie exclusive right to re-
strict in others privileges indulged m by members !
of this body, it would seem to him that they were ;
assuming a power that did not belong to them, and
that was nowhere given either by the Constitution
or the laws of the country.
This thing of ^privilege" had never been defined
by any law of Congress. So far, then, as the rights
of individuals and the rights of members of this
body were determined, it was simply by reference
to precedents—and precedents derived from Eng-
lish laws and English decisions. If he apprehend-
ed aright the privileges conceded to members of
'such bodies, it was a privilege that secured them
at all times the power of discharging their duty.
They were not liable to civil process so as to pre-
vent their attendance in this body. They were not
to be held accountable for any vote they might give
in this body on any subject. 13ut he could not con-
ceive that the Constitution ever designed to throw
around any member of this Government a mantle
to protect him against the expression or the influ-
ence of public opinion. The judicature of the
country was the proper resort for redress for libel.
But if this vague and undefined privilege was to
rest on their own opinion and their own decision,
they became not only accuser, but judge, jury, and
everything that was necessary to the infliction of
punishment. In this case they had assumed all
this power to be in themselves, while in fact they
had no general power or right to inflict any pun-
ishment on an individual, llad it not oocuirod to
Senators, too, that it wac a doubtful exorcise of
power to punish an individual for an nflenre which
was not defined bylaw? If they had a person
bearing to them the rclaLion of continrfor, and the
Senate have excluded him from their Chamber and
the privileges he possessed as such contractor, they
must have some reason for so doing. And what
was it? Was it iliat slanderous words had been
published of the Senate, and words abusive of its
character and dignity 5 oi was it that, having the
power, they had exercised the right of excluding
their printer without an investigation into the
merits of the accusation ? Certainly no investiga-
tion had taken place on this occasion, nor any ex-
amination into the facts. If they had thus the right
to cxclude, they had the right to punish by other
means than expulsion. If the piintcr to this body
had acted inconsistent with his character and rela-
tions to that body, it would have been very easy
to have referred the matter to a committee, by
whom he could have been heaid in his defence and
witnesses examined.
Mr. BUTLER rose and asked permission to
say that he distinctly submitted a proposition to
refer the matter to a committee, but it was declined
by Mr. Ritchie's friends.
Mr. HOUSTON. Such a proposition was not
acted upon. No such resolution was passed.
Mr. BUTLbR admitted that it was not passed,
out it was offered; and Mr. Ritchie said in his
paper he would not have gone before such a com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON". Then it was what he had
said—a condemnation without trial. Mr. Ritchie
was condemned without a hearing, and for what?
For publishing an article, signed "Vindicator,"
alleging certain things against the Senate. Well,
this body was amenable to public opinion as well as
an individual of society. They had no exemption
from public opinion. They were amenable to it.
Though termed the " Supreme Legislature" by the
advocates of this power, they possessed not the right
which they had assumed to exercise. The rights
of the citizen are well ascertained and defined, and
their privileges are well understood; and whenever
this body shall define its privileges, the citizen will
have some guide to direct him. But though this
exclusion neither affected Mr. Ritchie in his purse
nor in his person, it was an indignity—a chastise-
ment—and it must be viewed as an encroachment
on the freedom of the press. He was not an ad-
vocate for the licentiousness of the press; but he
would rather see it increased, if possible, than see
this body assume a right which was not inherent
in it. Such an exercise of power, such an as-
sumption of right, was dangerous. But there was
no danger to be apprehended from the licentious-
ness of the press. There was a conflict among
editors which would Wid 1o the detection and ex-
posure of falsehood. Their warfare differed from
an assumption of power by the Senate, when it
was directed against an individual. If the object
of the Senate was to redress a grievance, it had
signally failed. It would not check the licentious-
ness of the press; and though one man might be
the victim here, yet public oninion would vindicate
and sustain him abroad. The punishment of the
Senate might fall on a man who had rendered him-
self obnoxious as a party man; but a man who has
been an advocate of principles which he believes
to be right for the last half century, will not be in-
duced, by all the terrors of the machinery of this
Senate, to abandon those principles. They have
grown with his "growth and strengthened with his
strength, and will remain unchanged in his decli-
ning years. Such an individual would be sustained
by the people; for, however proud they might be
of their reptesentafives on this floor, they were
equally proud of the liberties of the citizen. What-
ever trenches on the rights of the citizen, will never
be sanctioned and approved by an intelligent peo-
ple, no matter by whom attempted.
In the course of the remarks which have been
indulged in on this floor, Texas has been alluded
to—not only its original settlement, but its progress
and various mutations up to the present, moment,
(t was true that her history had been one of pecu-
liar interest and of peculiar enterprise and peculiar
vicissitudes; for though she may have enjoyed her
sunny days, gloom and darkness have rested upon
her, and calamities have impeded her progress. It
had been said that the citizens of Texas had gone
to that country to assail others' rights. They went
theie on the invitation of the Mexican Govei/i-
' ment, to live under a constitution recognised by
I the world as free and republican—a constitution
j assimilated to the one under which they had had
i the happiness to live. They went not as vaga-
[ bonds. They went not to despoil Mexico of her
territory, or to rob any portion of mankind of their
rights. They went under a grant made to Moses
Austin in the year 18*31, which was confirmed to
Stephen F. Austin, his son. Three hundred fami-
lies went under grants made by Mexico, for it was
then the policy of the Mexican Government to
colonize Texas by American citizens. No less than
seven grants were made, some to inhabitants of
Great Bnfain, and some to citizens of the United
States. They were inviied there, and for what
purposep Was it to receive a gracious boon, and
to make no requital? Was it to wrest from Mcxico
her domain, and live regardless of law and consti-
tution'1 No. They went to settle and populatea wil-
derness. A wilderness surrounded only by ordinary
influences and inconvenicnces ? Not so. The In-
dians had so pressed on the settlements of Mexico
that towns which had been populous, towns which
had consisted of fifteen or sixteen thousand souls,
were reduced to mere hamlets. The Indians were
pressing on, on every side. They had no frontier,
: for every village was a frontier, encircled and sur-
rounded by savage tribes, from the seaboard to the
interior. They were pressed upon to such a de-
gree, that after the Mexican revolution was well
over, they were not in a situation to resist the pres-
sure of the Indians, and became subject to their
control. Mexico, in this dilemma, aware of the
hardy and enterprising character of the Anglo-
American race, made the grants to those colonists,
and guarantied all the rights, privileges, and im-
munities of their constitution. These were the in-
ducements to the North American race to occupy
the wilderness of Texas. They went there. War
succeeded war, and the Indian tribes were repelled.
They possessed the country. They reclaimed the
wilderness, and it became cultivated fields, pro-
ducing happiness and prosperity for civilized man.
In this situation Texas found herself. Her inhab-
itants were industrious, moral, and honest. They
were sworn to support the constitution of 1824,
and they submitted to every inconvenience that
could be required of them. In this situation they
remained until 1834, when, as a State, they desired
to obtain a constitution, and enjoy the rights of
representation under the constitution of 1824. But
when they respectfully petitioned for their rights,
and formed a constitution in conformity with the
constitution of Mexico, and sent a legate for that
purpose, he was incarcerated for months, and for
yeais they were set at defiance. In the meantime,
the constitution of 1824 was by the usurper Santa
Ana, after successive convulsions, subverted, and a
dictatorial government substituted in its stead.
In this the people of Texas weie quicscent.
They were submissive—and why* They hoped
to see the restoration of the constitution of 1824-
They expected to see the power of the tyrant de-
stroyed, and that they should again enjoy their
liberties. They were willing to endure the incon-
veniences which arose from the convulsive throes
of the military despots who succeeded each other,
even to the last extremity. But that was not suf-
ficient. They were known to be an enterprising
people. They had made an impress on Mexico,
and on her beautiful prairies. They had made an
impress that would never be effaced while human
intelligence was permitted to stalk abroad in the
earth, or its benign influence be felt in those ver-
dant spots of nature. Mexico saw they were tin
enterprising people, and that they were loyal and
law-abiding; and the despot determined to subju-
gate them to his will. Not only had he oppressed
them, but he incarcerated their representative.
Those who escaped returned to Texas, and pro-
claimed their wrongs, but the people were loyal to
the constitution, though not to the Government,
They did not renounce Mcxico, but m firm re-
monstrance, they invoked an indulgence in their
rights. Tne tyrant resolved to subjugate them,
though no act of rebellion had been committed5
but they repelled his armies. With a well-ap-
pointed and numerous army, he resolved on the
annihilation of Texas, and their extermination
from the earth. There was not one who uttered
the English accent that he intended should remain
west of the Sabine, unless it might be one who
would consent to be his supple tool, and conspire
against the rights of his country.
Before the despot could advance on Texas, it
was necessary that other portions of Mexico, still
adhering to the constitution of 1824, should be sub-
jugated; and therefore he threatened them with
overthrow. But as several States at home were in
a state of rebellion, he could not leave them to ad-
vance on Texas, it was, however, important that
Zacatccas, one of the most efficient, should be made
an example; and she, standing prominent in the
confederacy ofMexican States, was made the first
victim by the despot. That it might be known
what just cause Texas had for apprehension, he
would read an extract from a historical sketch by
a writer of high respectability, from which it would
appear that the despot found that it was impossi-
ble to succeed in the overthrow of Zacatecas by
valor and chivalry; so he determined to destroy
her liberties by other agencies—by sending to her
officers who had been m his army. They went to
the capital of Zacatecas, and insinuated themselves
to be the friends of Zacatecas, and offered to aid
thern in taking up arms; and how they requited the
confidence of ^ that brave and generous people, this
extract will give a particular narrative:
u Zacatecas, where, m some of the darkest periods of the
revolution, lib.'i ty had found a la.-t refuge, again served as
a rallying point tor a few faithful votaries now remaining
among the de^pnciate Mexicans. An army of 5,000 men,
vompo<t;d principally of the militia of the State, were as-
sembled npar the city of Zacatecas, piepared to lest^t tho
authority of the tyrant. Mexico had drawn its best troop3
from Zacatecas. In the long contest with the mother coun-
try, no part of Mcxico had made equal sacrifice^ in aid of
the common cauvp. The blow which robbed them of that
liberty winch was so dear to them, and which they had so
well merited by their liberal outpounngs of blood and treas-
ure, must have been keenly felt from whatever hand it may
have come, and doubly so f om the hand of the present
usurper, who was principally indebted to them for the means
of success ai^aiuht Busiamente, and consequently for his
elevation to the Presidency. Their wrongs were therefore
aggravated by the ating of ingratitude. Santa Ana well
kiV-vv the chaiacter ot the people lie had to encounter, and
the spirit which would animate them on the present occa-
sion; he therefore prepared to accomplish by the basest
treachery what he feared to attempt in a fair conte&t. Sev-
