462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
ars. The bill was then laid aside to be reported
to the House.
The next bill taken up w%s the bill for the relief
of Andrew A. Jones. The bill was amended and
ordered to be reported to the House with a recom-
dation that it do not pass.
The bills for the relief of the Bank of the Me-
tropolis; for the relief of the heirs of the late Daniel
D. Tompkins; and for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Farrow and Harris, were acted on,
and ordered to be reported to the House.
The bills for the relief of Robert T. Norris,and
for the relief of the heirs of the Marshal deRoeham-
beau, were acted on, and ordered to be reported to
the House, with the recommendation that they do
not pass.
The bill^orthe relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones was next taken up.
The bill was advocated by Mr. I. E. HOLMES
and Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, and opposed by Mr.
BOWLIN and by Mr. DANIEL, in part.
Mr. YOST moved to extend the distribution of
the prize-money to the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines of the squadron under his (John Paul Jones)
command, who are citizens of the United States, or
their representatives. Agreed to. *
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to make it pay-
able out of any money or stocks of the United
Suites. Agreed to.
Mr. DANIEL moved to cut off the interest.
Agreed to.
The committee rose and reported the foregoing
bills as ordered by the committee.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH moved to take up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
for the relief of Gad Humphreys and George Cen-
tre svas rejected at the last session upon the ques-
tion of engrossment. Mr. B. said it occurred du- j
ring his illness, and the motion to reconsider was j
made by his friend fioni Alabama, [Mr. Chap- i
m\n.] There had been some previous discussion, j
duimg which the House appeared to be satisfied: j
and he supposed the rejection was from some in- i
advertence, for there certainly could be no doubt •
about the piinciple, which was recognised by all
Governments, and had been repeatedly by this, in
cases which he had before him, and could quote if
necessary. Indeed, other persons who had suf-
fered on the same occasion had received remune-
ration. The case was for the burning of private
propel ty at the abandonment of Mieanopy by Col-
onel Pierci* during the Florida war. It was burnt
to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy
and being of service to them. He had evidence
before him to show the very mentouous chaiacter
of the claim in this case, and the legal principles
showing the obligation of the Government, if any
doubt was entertained. This was a case of pecu-
liar hardship: the parties had given the use of their
property to the Government gratis, when they
might, as the officers testify, have charged their
own pi ice; and in return the Government burnt
their buildings and goods, and has since refused to
pav for them.
The question was then put on reconsideration,
and decided m the negative.
"Bills of the following titles, which had been
heretofore acted on in Committee of the Whole,
and which wore lying on the Speaker's table, were
taken up, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Tarlton Wood-
son, deceased, was first taken up—
And on motion of Mr. HIJNGERFORD, it was
laid on the table.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Converse, wid-
ow of Josiah Converse;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Joseph E. Pnmeau and Thomas J.
Chapman;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Silas Duncan,
deceased:
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gideon;
A bill for the relief of David Myerle;
A biii for the relief of Captain James Pennoyer;
A bill for the relief of Lewis C. Sartori;
A bill for the lehef of the legal representatives of
•Simon Spaulding, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Bunce, deceased;
A joint resolution for the relief of M. A. Price,
and E. A. White;
Were severally ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The bills being engrossed were accordingly read
a third time and passed.
The bill to grant a preemption right to the heirs
'or legal representatives of John Smith T., which
had been reported by the Committee of the Whole
with an amendment, was now taken up. The
amendment was read as follows:
"And provided that if any private rights exist
to any part of said location adverse to that of the j
claimants herein, the same shall be reserved, and j
saved to said adverse claimants." i
The amendment of the committee was concurred j
in, and the bill ordered to be engrossed and read a j
third time and passed. j
The bill for the relief of Martha Clark was next j
taken up. ;
Mr. BRODHEAD stated that since it had been j
reported, a law had passed which would grant the
relief contemplated by the bill. He therefore
moved to lay the bill upon the table. The motion
was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Wishart, which
had been reported from the Committee of the
Whole with the recommendation riot to pass, was
taken up, and the report of the committee concur-
red in. So the bill stands rejected.
The engrossed bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of James PL Clark was taken up, read
a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of John Ericsson, reported
this day from the Committee of the Whole with an
amendment, was now taken up, and the amend-
ment concuired in; when,
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN, the bill was laid
on the table.
The bill for the relief of Andrew A. Jones, re-
ported this day from the Committee of the Whole
with a recommendation that it do not pass, was
taken up.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH made a few remarks
in favor of the bill, and in opposition to the recom-
mendation of the committee.
The question was taken, Will the House concur
in the recommendation of the committee; when,
On motion of Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN, the
bill was laid on the table.
Mr. DANIEL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Jos. E. Pnmeau and Thomas J. Chapman
was passed.
Mr. IIATHBUN moved the previous question;
and, under its operation, the House refused to rc-
eonsulei.
The bills for the relief of the heirs of the Mar-
shal de Rochambeau, and for the relief of Robert
T. Norns, reported this day from the Committee
of the Whole with the recommendation that they
do not pass, were taken up, and the report of the
Committee of the Whole concurred in. So the said
bills stand rejected.
| The bills for the relief of the Bank of the Me-
! tropohs and for the relief of the heirs of the late
I Daniel D. Tompkins, reported this day from the
I Committee of the Whole, were taken up, and or-
, dercd to be engrossed and read a third time; and
! they were engrossed and read a third time, and
I passed.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the vote on the pas-
snge of the last-mentioned bill be reconsidered.
Mr. LEWIS moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table. Agreed to.
The bill for the relief of John Paul Jones, re-
ported this day from the Committee of the Whole
with an amendment, was taken up, the amendment
concurred in, and the bill ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and it was engrossed and
read a third time.
The question on the passage of the bill was deci-
ded by yeas and nays in the affirmative: Yeas 88,
nays 52. So the bill was passed.
Mr. LEWIS moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the last-mentioned bill.
Mr. ROOT moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table. Agreed to.
So the bill stands passed.
The House then took up the bill to regulate the
carriage of passengers in merchant vessels, which
had been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments.
The question was put on concurring with the
Senate m their amendments, and decided in the af-
firmative.
The following bills of the Senate were taken-up,
and read a.first and second time, and referred to
appropriate committees:
An act for the relief of Fernando Fillany;
An act supplementary to an act to authorize the
Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims there-
in mentioned, passed April 18, 1814;
An act to compromise the claims of the heirs or
legal representatives of John Smith T, under a.
Spanish grant;
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with the approbation of the Attorney Gen-?
eral, to purchase for the United States the interest
of Balie Peyton in the tract of land upon which
the light-house stands at the Southwest Pass, at
the mouth of the Mississippi river;
An act for the relief of Jeanette C. Huntington,
widow and sole executrix of William D. Cheever,
deceased;
An act for the relief of Thomas Brownell;
An act for the iclief of Susan E. Gordon;
An act for the relief of William G. Davis and
Mary Ann his wife;
An act for the relief of Hobson Johns;
An act for the relief of Samuel W. Bell, a native
of the Cherokee nation;
An act providing for the payment of the claims
of Walter R. Johnson against the United States;
An act for the relief of Milledge Galphin, exec-
utor of the last will and testament of George Gal-
phin, deceased;
An act to authorize the payment of a sum of
money to Robert Purkis,
An act for the relief of Charles M. Gibson;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Pistole, widow
of Charles Pistole, deceased;
And act for the relief of Richard Bloss and
others;
An act for the relief of Thomas H. Noble;
An act for the relief of James Mcintosh;
An act for the relief of George Roush;
An act to authorize the settlement of the account
of Joseph Nouise, deceased;
An act for the relief of Joseph F. Caldwell;
An act for the relief of Peter Engels, sen.
; A bill from the Senate for the relief of the heirs
I of Jethro Wood was taken up, and read a first and
! secon.i time; when
Mr. GROVER moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. PERRILL moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. HENLEY said that the Committee on
Patents had examined this claim, and moved that
it be put upon its passage.
Messrs. RIPLEY and ROOT opposed the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. ROOT moved to lay the bill upon the table;
On which motion no quorum voted.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 20, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of Robert Owen, praying the action of the Sen-
ate in relation to a plan which he proposes to sub-
mit to them for improving the condition of society;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. PEARCE presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Maryland, in favor of an appropriation
for a light-house at Drum Point, bn the Chesapeake
Bay; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D1X presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that no proposition appropriating
public land for the construction of a lailroad to the
Pacific, may rcceive the sanction of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
[Mr. DIX explained, that this petition, which
was thirty feet in length, prayed that the public
| lands should be free for the settlement of any citi-
, zens who would occupy and cultivate them.]
| Also, a petition of'citizens of New York, pray-
j ing a change in the present system of disposing of
; the public lands; which was referred to the Com-
s mittce on the Public Lands.
| Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of John
j Hagan, E. Lackett, and Sherman Johnson, pray-
! ing compensation for a number of slaves, liberated
I by the British authorities at the port of Nassau, in
i the Island of New Providence, on board the brig
