THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR &c RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1847.
New Series.,
,.No. 30.
Mr. BAGBY said the Senator was correct in re-
gard towhathehad said,except this: that the words
unjust and unholy were applied to this war long
before he had entered into the discussion.
Mr. SIMMONS supposed the Senator would
admit that, if the war was unholy and unjust, he
ought not to vote for any measure that was intend-
ed to support such a war. He asked the Senator
to recollect a very able and forcible speech which
he had delivered in the Senate when the annexa-
tion of Texas was proposed by joint resolution,
and to recollect that he had laid it down as the
clearest proposition imaginable that the annexation
of Texas by joint resolution was unconstitutional.
The course which the Senator proposed to take on
that occasion, to avoid the dilemma of adopting
an unconstitutional mode of acquiring territory,
was by making it an Executive instead of a le-
gislative act. Annexation, however, took place by
joint resolution; and he could not see how the Sen-
ator from Alabama, under such circumstances,
could vote for any measure for carrying on the
war.
But he would not hold the President responsible
for the opinions ofSenators in reference to the jus-
tice or the injustice of this war. He only asked
the Senate to look to what the President himself
had said of the character of these proceedings,
which it had been insisted woul<l eventually lead
to war.
It was not his purpose to use any harsh expres-
sions in reference to the conduct of the Executive,
but he must be permitted to say that the President
had been in error in the course which he had pur-
sued in regard to this business of marching the army
to the Rio Grande, and tluit he had not been suffi-
ciently explicit in his communications to Congress.
He was constrained to say that, in looking over the
documents which had been laid before Congress,
theredid not appear that degree of frankness which
was necessary to enable them to determine what
the President intended. A proposition was deba-
ted last year for three months, and at the end of
that time a Senator rose in his place and declared
that there was no such thing in the message as that
upon which the debate turned. This was very
much the case at present. The subject to which he
referred was the Oregon question, on which the
Senator from Michigan would recollect making a
speech, in which he contended that the President,
in his message, asserted our right to 40'; but
a Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,]
not now a member of this body, before the close
of the debate, asserted that there was nothingabout
54° 40' in that message, and so it turned out.
He had read this message several times, and he
confessed he had been unable to find the statement
which the Senator from Arkansas said it contain-
ed, respecting the ordering of our troops to the
Rio Grande. He found there something like a
flourish of trumpets, and then a detail of injuries
which the people of this country had sustained,
after which the President goes on to say:
" Without the previous authority of Confess, the Execu-
tive possessed no power to udoptor enforce adequate reme-
dies I'oi the injuries we had suliired, or to do more than to
be prepared to repel the threatened aggressions on the pait
of Mexico. Aftet our army and navy had remained on the
frontier and coa^t of Mexico lor many week--, without any
hostile movement on her part, though hei menaces were
continued, I deemed it unpoiUtnt to put an end, if possible,
to this state oftlnng.*. With this view, f caused steps to be
{taken, m the month of September last, to ascertain distinct-
ly, and in an authentic form, what the designs ot the Mexi-
can Government were ; whether it was their intention to
declare war, or invade Texas, or whether they weie dis-
posed to adjust and settle, in an amicable manner, the pend-
ing iliffeiences between the two countnes."
The President thus shows that he had sent the
army to the frontier of Mexico. And where was
the army? In the valley of the Nueces, at Cor-
pus Chnsti, the navy being sailing about the coast.
It was evident from the reading of the President's
message that on the 1st of December, 1845, he re-
garded the valley of the Nueces as the frontier of
"'Mexico. The marching of the troops, then, to the
Rio Grande was clearly entering, according to the
"President's own view, upon the territory of Mexi-
co. He (Mr. S.) had voted for the bill recogni-
sing the war without having had time to look into
30
these matters; for he was more desirous of secu-
ring the safety of the ai my than lie was of inquiring
into the causes which led that army into its dan-
gerous position. There could be no doubt, how-
ever, that the movement of the troops ordered by
the President produced the collision which took
place between our army and the Mexican army.
He believed the removing of the army was a great
mistake, to use no harsher term, on the part of the
President, pending an attempt to renew negotia-
tions with a proud and sensitive government, such
*as that of Mexico, writhing under what they sup-
posed the infliction of injuries on our part. It
would have been more in accordance with the du-
ties of the President to let the army remain upon
the frontier of Texas until lie had consulted Con-
gress upon the subject.
He next came to consider the objects of the war.
We are in war, and he believed it to be his duty
to aid the Government in prosecuting it success-
fully. But he was desirous to examine the objects
of the war, and to state what they were with those
who fa\ored the President, and with those who
thought as he did, and who mean to favor the
country, and not the President particularly.
The President had repeatedly stated that the
war was not commenced with a view to conquest;
but as he understood the Senator from Arkansas
the other day, this war was made with a view to
acquire territory, and it was to be prosecuted to
get indemnity.
If it were a measure, then, taking the grounds
on which the President had rested the causes of
this war, and taking also the ground on which the
Senator from Arkansas had placed this measure,
as a means of obtaining indemnity for the expen-
ses of the war, it was the most singular proposi-
tion he had ever heard made to a deliberative as-
sembly. It was a proposition to pay money to
those from whom we expected to receive payment
by way of indemnity. There was no other way
of accounting for an appropriation like this than to
suppose that some use was to be made of the mon-
ey of an extraordinary character. If it were to be
made use of for the purpose of inducing our ene-
mies to make peace with us, he was entirely op-
posed to it. lie was as unwilling to take from
Mcxico a foot of her territory, by way of indem-
nity for the expenses of this war, as he would be
to authorize privateering. The proposition to pay
money to those from whom we expected payment
was entirely irreconcilable with his ideas of what
was right. If they were going to purchase terri-
tory, they ought to do it openly and fairly, not
appropriate money to buy a peace. The quarrel
ought to be settled as it might have been when it
was begun. He was for holding those who com-
menced this war of invasion responsible for the
cost. This territory which it was proposed to ac- i
quire from Mexico, was not so exceedingly desira- j
ble, he thought. We were not so much pressed ;
for room, as" to make it a duty on the part of tins j
Government to oust others of their possessions, in !
order to enable us to obtain territory, and, least of j,
, all, to make it the duty of this Government to in- i;
cur heavy expenses for the purpose of obtaining j;
territory. He feared they were laying the ground-
work ofa debt that would become ultimately greater
than the debt of Gieat Britain. He was opposed jj
toenteringupona quixoticexpedition, which would j;
lead to burdening the country with taxation, and y
that for the acquisition of territory that was not ij
worth having. . i]
They had just finished discharging the debt m- jj
curred by the revolutionary war, and they were .
now getting up another, which it would take them |i
as long to pay as they had been paying that. They
talked" about the prosperity of this country; the
course now pursued was not calculated to increase j1
that prosperity; on the contrary, it would over- ,,
i whehn them with embarrassment. Every war,
however just, was always attended with disas- ^
trous consequences, demoralizing the community, i1
destroying the industry and independence of the "■
people. Gentlemen seemed to regard war very ,
lightly. They were doing nothing but dispensing ;
money and patronage. The Administration had >
the agreeable task of patronizing its friends. It
was to them a smooth sea, but it was a deceitful
one. It would hurry them to destruction before
they were aware of it.
But what were they to do with this territory
after they had got it? They were already drawn
into a discussion as to what disposition was to be
made of this territory, forgetting that it was not
yet our own. It reminded him of the sailor's de-
scription of the mode of cooking a dolphin: the
first thing to be done was to catch the dolphin.
The Senate had been already engaged in a discus-
sion about the occupation of a territory which
they did not own, and before the public sentiment
had been consulted as to whether it should be
owned by the United States. If the proposition
were submitted to the people, he believed that
ninety-nine in one hundred would rejcct it, believ-
ing as he did that if they obtained territory by
way of conquest, it could only be done at the ex-
pense of the national honor. The people desired
no territory which was not acquired by fair and
honorable means.
The question of slavery had been connected
with the proposition for acquiring territory; and,
in regard to this question, he had no hesitation in
speaking with perfect freedom. He believed he
had never shown a disposition to invade the rights
of any man in the United States upon this ques-
tion or any other. He had his own notions about
slavery, and they were such as were entertained
by the people he represented. Upon this subject
he agreed fully in what was expressed by the Le-
gislature of his own State; and he believed, if he
comprehended the true meaning of the Constitu-
tion and the motives which actuated the men who
framed it, that the sentiments expressed in those
resolutions were in strict accordance with the spirit
and meaning of that instrument. The question of
slavery was regarded by the framers of the Con-
stitution in its political aspect in regard to its ef-
fects upon society, and they had been actuated, in
relation to that subject, by a proper regard for the
condition of those States in which slavery was
tolerated. The Senator from South Carolina
seemed to regard the resolutions of the non-slave-
holding States as embracing a policy that would
be destructive of the interests of the slaveholding
States; and, in speaking of the proviso to the bill
in the other House, the Senator asked emphati-
cally how they were to arrest this aggressive poli-
cy upon the slaveholding States? Such language,
in regard to the resolutions of the State Legisla-
tures, was calculated to arrest the attention of the
country. He asked the. Senator fiom South Caro-
lina, and all other Senators inteicsted in this great
question, to say in what way the proposition con-
tained'in that proviso invaded any one of the pro-
visions of the Constitution, or the spirit and intent
of its authors?
What was the condition of the United States
when this Constitution was adopted5 Was there
afoot of teriitory within the jurisdiction of the
United States belonging to the States to which any
slaveholder could carry his slaves and retain his
property in them? This was a proposition which
could not be controvcited. Wnat did Congress
do in reference to the territories of the United
States ? There was an ordinance upon the statute
book excluding slavery from those territories.
Was he not correct in this ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Perfectly.
Mr. SIMMONS. But it appeared now to he
considered by the Senator from South Carolina
that to carry out such an intention would be a just
cause for resistance on the part of the slaveholding
States. He was utterly surprised when he saw in
the speech of the honorable Senator that he had
used the phrase " aggressive policy" when speak-
ing of the resolutions of the State Legislatures.
When the Constitution was formed, they started
with thirteen States—or rather fourteen, though
thev had the name of thirteen—eight free and six
slave States*, with the right to divide their territo-
ries. The free States had then a majority. How
was it now? The free States had got up to the
present number, in accordance with the original
