466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
agreement, and by some process or other—by-
threats of disunion, and so on—the slave States
had ^ot up to fifteen. The Senator from South
Carolina said that the free States always had had
the majority and all the patronage. How stood
the fact? He showed that the great share of pa-
tronage had been in possession of the South. If
any had reason to complain on that scorc, it was
the free States. How was it with regard to popu-
lation ? The population of the free States at the
last census was 9,741,000—that of the slave States
(leaving out the slaves) 4,818,000. Well, then,
if the free States numbered thirty-three to the fifteen 1
slave States, where was the disproportion ? As to ;
the talk about abolition, there could not be aboli-
tion in Mexico, for there were no slaves there. In
that part which the Senator fiom South Carolirid
proposed to take, there certainly was not. [Mr. j
BERRIEN, (in his seat;) Slavery in its worst,;
form !]
Mr. S. then proceeded to condemn the project ,
of conquering territory. He was m favor of sue- i
coring the army: he would not stint them in their '<
supplies. He would give men and money freely, \
but at the same time he held it to be the duty of ,j
the Legislature to speak plainly of the objects of j
the war, and that there should be no such objects
as seemed to be indicated in the bill before them. :
He had intended to advert to the argument of the ;
other Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butlbr,] i
with regard to the terms on which the United :
States Government held the territories of the Um- 1
ted States. He said it was remarkable that the
Senator [Mr. Calhoun] nc\or used the word
"nation.5' lie called it the union of the United ,
States. At some length he commented on the j
positions of the Senator from South Carolina with
regard to the Constitution of this Government,and ,
contended that it was designed to be a national ;
Government. It was nothing but the exalted in-
tellect and high ability uf those who adopted an- ,
other construction of the Constitution which had ;;
redeemed it from utter contempt. No. The Con- i'
stitution unfettered the energies of the States and >
made them free to advance in the great career of 1
glory and prosperity. He thought that this whole i
discussion was piemature. He believed that a |
majority in both Flouses was opposed to this ;
taking of territory by force—men who had adopted 1
the maxim, " Keep thy finger from pilfering, and ,
thy tongue from guile." !
He would almost vote foi the bill; but it did look
somewhat, equivocal, if not degrading. He did ,
not like this idea of buying He did not want to
degrade Mexico, and he knew of nothing more de-
grading than to bo bought up, unless it was to buy.
He believed that, as a means of obtaining peace, H
would be proper to declare to Mexico that there
was no intention of despoiling Mexico. But he ;
feared there was not an impartial man in Christen- j
dom, or m the world, whether he put his hand to ,
his mouth and invoked a s od in the moon or sun,
or who knelt before an unseen God, whose aspira-
tions would not go up in behalf of the poor, weak,
helpless nation with which we were at war. The
small calculating policy that counted out acres at a '
dollar and a quarter was unworthy of a great na- j
tion. He trusted that, through the generous char- ,
actor of the United States, these domestic difficul- [
ties, these aspersions on the views and purposes >
of brethren, would all be reconciled, and that all j
would end to the glory of the country, to be gain- I
ed only by a course of justice. I
Mr. SOULE then rose, and signified his inten- !
tion of addressing the Senate on the bill uuder con- ;
sideration; but yielded to \
Mr. CALHOUN, who said he desired to make
one or two remarks, in reply to some portions of i
the speech of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island. I intend, said the honorable gentleman,
always to argue this question with calmness. It
is one not to be argued in a spirit of excitement. .
The Senator from Rhode fsland rests his ground
against the resolutions which I have offered, in the
first place, on the fact that there was no territory
belonging to the United States at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution which did not exclude
slavery. Now, whether that be an argument of
any force or not, I do not, in the first instance, in-
tend to inquire; but what I do intend to say is,
that the fact that there was no territory belonging
to the United States at that time which did not ex-
clude slavery, reads a lesson to us that we ought
. never to forget. How did the United States get
possession of that magnificent territory between j
the Mississippi and the Ohio, now swarming with j
an intelligent and most numerous population ? It j
was by the magnanimous cession of the old and j
leading southern State. It was she that ceded it :
to the Union, in the spirit of that generosity and j
patriotism which has ever characterized Virginia, ]
and, let me add, all the southern States of this j
Union. Now, how did it happen that Virginia i
and the other southern States came to be excluded ;
from that territory? It was by an act of the old j
Congress, in which the Senator very properly told j
us that the non slaveholding States had a majority. '
Mr. SIMMONS. Every one of the slavehold- j
ing States voted for it. ;
Mr. CALHOUN. The non-slaveholding States :
had a majority, and that Congress passed a law j
excluding slave-owners from the territoryVir- '
ginici was thus deprived of all participation in that •
magnificent territory, without the slightest author- |
ity under the old Federal Constitution. It was a :
palpable violation of that Constitution, and was so 1
represented by Mr. Madison himself in " The Fed-
eralist," if I do not mistake; it is some time since
Hooked into it. Now, here we have a warning. I
trust that the South never will forget this lesson.
I trust the South never will forget that an act of
unlimited generosity, almost without precedent, was
converted, through the force of a majority of the
non-slaveholding States in the old Congress, into a
monopoly of this territory, from which Virginia
herself was excluded, and all done without author- ;
ity of the articles of the old Confederation, and in
violation of them. What has been the conse- j
quence* There have grown up in that territory
. one, two, three, four,five States, from which we are
not only excluded, but they are made receptacles,
contrary to the Constitution—I am giving facts, sol-
emn facts—of our fugitive slaves, and are thus made
the medium of depriving us of our slaves, directly
in violation of the Constitution, which says that
, all fugitive slaves may be reclaimed. Organized
I companies have been formed in Ohio and other
i States—in Illinois, Indiana 
! Mr. HANNEGAN, (in his seat.) No, not in
Indiana.
Mr. CALHOUN. I was in error, then; but
organized companies have been formed for the pur-
pose of taking our slaves across the Ohio river;
acknowledged, acting: openly, and yet the Legisla-
ture of Ohio refrains from any action on the subject.
Now, if tlieie be anything m the argument, 1 put
it to the candor of the Senator from Rhode Island,
and I {nit it to any Senator, if this docs not read
us a lesson which we ought lon£, lone: to remem-
ber3 A power soabused must, bo abused, ever will
be abused, where there is no antagonism in the
Constitution to counteract it. I do not care what
the form of government—the form is nothing—if
the government he despotic, or in the hands of one
man, or two men, or many men, without limitation
or resistance antagonizing with it, it belongs to the
human heart that the power will be abused; and,
what is most cxtraordinaiy, those abusing it will
not be conscious of the abuse.
But is the mere fact that there was no territory at
that time accessible to the population of the south-
ern States a just, ground of interpreting the Consti-
tution, so that, if we should acquire territory of
that description, our population could not have
access to it? There is nothing in the argument.
Well, the next argument presented by the Senator
! is this: at that time there was a certain proportion
i between the slaveholding States and the non-slave-
i holding. The latter had a majority in the old Con-
i giess; they had a majority when the Constitution
| was formed, and it is right that they should main-
i tain it. Well, sir, if we yielded then, have -we not
1 seen, in subsequent events, the violation of the old
articles of Confederation, and is it not lime that we
I should guard against that majority whenever we
i can find means to do so? But suppose this argu-
i ment of the Senator had any foundation whatever,
| it is as good for us as it is for him. The dispro-
'! portion which existed then ought never to be in- ;
j| creased, and yet, in the resolutions offered by his
i State and other States, it is proposed that we
J should be excluded hereafter fiom the whole terri-
tory of the United States, and that no other slave
; State should ever be admitted !
it Mr. SIMMONS. There is no such proposition
in the resolutions of mv State.
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, that is the proposition
of other States. If we are to be excluded, what
will be the result? In-stead of having this dispro-
portion of six to eight, we will have a dispropor-
tion of fourteen to" twenty-eight. Double, pre-
cisely. That will be the end of it. And if ever
any portion of Mexico should fall under the au-
thority of the United States, and come to be our
property, and apply to it the same principle, where,
I ask, would it end ? What has led the Senator
from Rhode Island into these extraordinary con-
clusions? I have great respect for that Senator. I
believe he intends fair. But let me say to him
that he has viewed all this question one-sidedly.
He has considered itin a single aspect, and, view-
in? it thus partially, his clear and strong intellect
has been brought to very erroneous conclusions.
His error originates m the belief that this is a Na-
tional Government—that wc are a nation, that we
are one people, and not a Union. And to prove
that we aie n nation, what documents does he
furnish ? A single resolution by the State of New
York calling a convention for the framing of the
Constitution.
Mr. SIMMONS. I quoted the language of the
resolution simply for the purpose of showing the
use of the word " nation" at that time, which the
Senator has so pertinaciously refused to employ.
But it was not at all to sustain my gcneial posi-
tion.
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, then, it was no argu-
ment at all. All the rest was bare assertion; and
yet he threw up his hands and expressed his
amazement that any one should hold the doctrines
that we held ! I will take it up, however. It is
true the State of New York said so; and, what is
further true, that there was a large party in the
United States, at that time, in favor of a National
Government. The three Stales which took the
lead, were Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Vir-
ginia. They were actively and strenuously m favor
of a National Govern ment: and the two leading
spirits who led were Mr. Hamilton, of New York,
probably the author of that preamble, and Mr.
Madison, of Virginia. In the early stages of the
convention there was a majority in favor of a Na-
tional Government, and who regarded a union as a
great absurdity. But in this stage there were but
eleven States in the convention. Rhode Island
never appeared there, and New Hampshire had
not yet appeared with her delegates. In process
of time New Hampshire came in—a very great
addition to the Federal side, which now became
predominant; and it is owing—I speak it in honor
of New England and the northern States—it is
owing mainly to the States of Connecticut and
New Jersey that we have a Federal instead of a
National Government—that we have the best Gov-
ernment instead of the most despotic and intoler-
able on the earth. Who were the men of these
States to whom we are indebted for this admirable
Government? I will name them. Their names
ought to be engraven on brass and live forever,
They were Mr. Ellsworth, Roger Sherman, and
Judge Patteison, of New Jersey. The other States
farther South were blind. They did not see the
future. But to the sagacity and coolness of these
three men,aided by a few others, but not so prom-
inent, we owe the present Constitution.
So completely did the National party succumb,
that during a large portion of the sittings of the
convention, the word "National" was not named.
" Federal," the "Union," were the terms adopted.
The National party was completely overwhelmed;
and, what is still more remarkable, the very men
who took the lead of that party, assumed the name
of "Federalist," because that had become the
popular name. Honest and great men they were;
but they were disposed to make the most of the
term, and under that name they recommended that
Constitution to the adoption of* the American peo-
ple. Now, if the Senator's eves had been turned
m this direction, he would not have been ignorant
of all this; and, not being- ignorant, he would not
have made the extraordinary declaration he has
made. But this is not all. The original Federalist
party, not satisfied simply with that name, though
in convention it had assumed it, and as it had been
taken from them by the " National*' party, now
assumed the name of "Republican," and under
that name, asserted and carried out in practice the
doctrines which were inserted in our Constitution
by the then Federal party, and achieved that great
victory which brought Mr. Jefferson into power.
That showed the deep sense of the people of that
1 time that this should not be a National Govern-
