1847.
THE*CONGRESSIONAL GLOpi.
<40?
fit not less than $5 per acre, then and for a year
after; and such as then remain, at $2 50 per acre
for another year; and such as remain, at 25 per
acre thereafter. To this last piovision the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] objects, and moves
to strike out so much of it as graduates the price
from i,5 to $1 25, leaving the price permanently at
S5 per acre in respect to certain land and persons,
what will be the effect of this ? It will put these
lands to speculators and capitalists, who have sent
their agents and servants into the mineral region
without authority of law, and in violation of a
solemn treaty, at $2 50 per acre, and to those who,
under the authority of law, may go there to buy
lands, at $5 per acre. This proposition is true in
all its parts. Scction three of the amendment puts
the lands to persons now holdingleases or permits,
or now being occupants, at §2 50; the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio would demand of all
others $5 per acre. The class of persons thus fa-
vored had gone into the countr^in violation of the
treaty with the Chippewas in 1842; which in effect
prohibits, under existing circumstances, any white
person from going into the country, except those
licensed by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
trade, under regulations, with the Indians. The
leases arid permits held are void—so decided by
the Attorney General. The whole autlioiity upon
which the preference is founded is a usurpation.
The law authorizing leases for lead lands has been
twisted into authority for granting leases to copper
lands. The gentleman from Ohio, if he would be
consistent, must move to make the price of the
lands uniform to all purchasers.
Mr. VINTON explained. He said that where
$2 50 were required, the quantity could not be less
than a section; where $5 was required, a quarter
section might be taken.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman was un-
derstood the other day, on the mineral bill for Wis-
consin, to urge that all these lands were worth five
dollars per acre, and that the larger the tract sub-
ject to be, purchased the greater would be the favor
extended to the purchaser. It was undeniable
that his proposition would favor speculating com-
panies formed in Ohio, and other States, whilst it
would be less favorable to others. There were
obvious considerations of public policy for selling
these lands. The system of leasing had proved
unprofitable in regard to lead lands—in fact a loss.
From April, 1843, to October, 1845, little more
than tv.-o years, it had cost the Government, in re-
gard to these copper lands, 415,895 63 for salaries,
-and $16,909 38 for contingencies—in all $32,805 01;
.and, during the same time, the avails of these lands
amounted to §192 22. It will, no doubt, go on so.
The leasing system is obnoxious; it creates an im-
proper and perhaps unauthorized relation between
the Government and individuals—a pernicious re-
lation, hostile to liberty, and corrupting to Gov-
ernment. The tenant is without a peimanent
home; his residence is but temporary. He is, in
a measure, exempt from the feeling which fixes
-the freeholder to the soil, and interests him in the
good order, sobriety, and prosperity of the free-
holder. The sale of these lands will, no doubt,
bring into the treasury a considerable sum of
money now in a time of pressing need. The
whole Chippewa purchase is estimated at about
fifteen millions of acres, which will have cost the
Government,including Indian annuities, §875,000;
some persons, professing to be well informed upon
the subject, estimate that something near a million
of dollars may be received from this source in the
course of a year. But, estimating the amount at
$300,000, the latter will materially contribute to
give efficiency to the operations of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. McC. concluded by moving the previous
question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, complained that Mr.
McClernand should have made a long speech on
one side of the question, and then moved the pre-
vious question, thereby cutting off all opportunity
of reply. He hoped he would consent to with-
draw his call.
Mr. McCLERNAND consented to withdraw
his call for the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS then went at some length into an
earnest speech in opposition to the bill. He ex-
pressed liis regret that the bill could not have been
laid over till Monday, as he should then have been
better prepared to present his views to the com-
mittee. He had prepared a substitute for the
whole bill, but had been prevented from offering
it. The subject was in his view one of the great-
est importance—far greater than some gentlemen
seemed to attach to it. He had received informa-
tion from sources of the highest respectability,
and eminently entitled to credit, as to the value of
these copper lands. An agent had been appointed
on the part of the United States, who had the let-
ting of them, and he had stated to Mr. M. that he
had not a doubt that if the tract was properly
managed it might produce to the Government
twenty millions of dollars a year; and would, in
fact, be of more practical advantage to the land
revenue than the whole of the public domain be-
sides. Gentlemen seemed ready to vote upon this
bill without in reality knowing what the bill was.
Mr. M. had paid some attention to the subject, but
it had been'so changed from time to time, and ap-
peared now under a shape so different from that it
had formerly assumed, that he confessed he could
not himself tell exactly what it did enact, and
what would be its precise effect. The bill, how-
ever, was to be passed; of that he had for some
time been fully aware; the decree had gone, forth;
there was a heavy pressure from without in favor
of it, and he presumed it was destined to pass this
day. Speculators were hovering, in a dark cloud,
like so many carrion crows, round the lobbies and
galleries of that Hall. All sorts of inducements
bad been held out to himself to " lie low,'5 to
" keep dark," and to forbear making any opposi-
tion to it. But he would listen to no such persua-
sions. He would not consent to hold his peace
at the expense of his conviction of what was
right. Unprepared as he was, and compelled to
intrude himself on the committee without due time
to arrange and systematize his ideas, he was re-
solved to make one effort to prevent what he be-
lieved would be a great public wrong.
What had been the policy of the Government
in the administration of the public land ? Had it
not been, in all cases, to offer the land, in the first
place, at public sale before permitting it to be, open
for private entry? But that policy was here to be
departed from, abandoned; and for what ? To en-
able greedy speculators to get their clutches on
those rich mineral lands, and make fortunes out of
them. The Senate bill, as he was well informed,
had been drawn up at the dictation of a single in-
dividual. It was not satisfied with the leases and
the permito which had already been granted, but
it allowed a still wider license, to take up the lands
ill small tracts of forty acres; and it was a fact that
these speculating companies had the woods full of
hired squatters, all ready to take advantage of the
law the moment it should pass. For this reason
Mr. M. had been anxious that the action of this
House on the bill should have been postponed until
the real facts in the case could be'more fully ex-
posed, but even a delay till Monday had been
refused him.
lie hoped the House would not pass a bill like
this; he felt sure if its operation were rightly un-
derstood it could never pass. Mr. M. disclaimed
all opposition to the sale of these lands. On the
contrary, he earnestly desired that they might be
sold. He wished to have them brought into mar-
ket as soon as possible; but he was for having
them so sold that all should have a fair chance to
purchase them, and that no unfair advantage
should, by collision, be thrown into the hands of
a gang of hungry unscrupulous speculators. He
was opposed to the preemption clause in the bill.
Mr." McCLELLAND asked Mr. M. if he had
been opposed to precisely a similar clause in the
Wisconsin bill? That bill allowed the squatter
his right of preemption to a tract as small as forty
acres. Had the gentleman been as zealous in op-
posing the very same provision in that bill which
seemcTd so much to excite his ire in this ?
Mr. MORRIS said that he had not publicly op-
posed it on that bill, partiy because he had been
misled; he had been told there were no mineral
lands for that bill to operate upon.
Mr. McCLELLAND referred him to the terms
of the bill, to prove that his objection would apply
as fully to that bill as to the present one; yet the
gentleman had remained silent. Was it because
that bill was to inure to the benefit of certain per-
sons in Ohio ?
Mr. MORRIS said he did not know whether the
same provision was in both bills or not; they had
been so much modified and changed that he scarce-
ly knew exactly what they did contain.
It was contended, in behalf of the present bill,
that its practical effect would be to benefit'the
Government; that it would bring a large gum 'of
money into the Treasury, and that very soon,
which was a very desirable thing in the preserft
posture of our affairs. The lessees being bound
by this bill to buy the whole amount of their leases
at $2 50, and not to select small tracts supposed
to be rich in minerals, a large sum would be paiE
in at once, and the Government would, on this
whole, get more money than by the ordinary rou-
tine of public sales. Any man who could believe
a tale like that could believe in witchcraft. Wah
it credible, to any man of ordinary common sense',
that a settler who had a preemption right would
give more for his land than he would if he was a
competitor with other bidders at a public sale ? ft
was contrary to reason.
Mr. M. said that all his wish in opposing this
bill was to keep these rich and valuable lands from
falling a prey to speculators; but he saw the thing1
was determined on; yet he must do his duty. ,
Mr. M. adverted to the strong opposition some
of the very gentlemen had made who were nofr
the friends of this bill to the provisions in another
bill, which Mr. M.had advocated some time since,
in regard to the lands in the Wyandot Reserva-
tion in Ohio. How exceedingly afraid they were
then of those valuable lands getting into "the clutch-
es of speculators ' Oh, yes; they saw speculators
behind every bush, ready to pounce upon the lanu
of the poor Indians! What had now become of all
that pious dread ?
Mr. McCLELLAND here asked Mr. Morris
if he had not been in favor of letting settlers havls
the Wyandotlands on the same terms as were pro-
posed by this bill, yet now he fiercely opposed
them ?
Mr. MORRIS said he had been in favor of the
Wyandot bill; and so he would be in favor ofthis,
if these lessees were to pay the. Government $2 50
per acre, and the value of all the improvements
upon the lands. Those were the terms he had
advocated in the other bill; and with those terms
lie would support this bill as warmly as he had
that. But he was against this bill, though he
feared his opposition to it would be of little avail.
He had seen demonstrations here at the close of
the last session, when this bill was brought up,
which convinced him that it was destined to pass;
indeed, its friends were very near getting two-
thirds of the House to consent to take it up out of
its order at that time. He saw the same indica-
tions now. The bill was got up for the benefit of
a few large speculators in Boston, who had their
agents here to push the bill. Sales of stocks in
these mining companies had been going on for
some time in this city; and some members of the
Committee on Public Lands were, to his certain
knowledge, personally interested in those stocks-
It was quite natural that such gentlemen should go
in favor of their own interest.
Mr. RELFE here (though laboring under so
severe a cold that his voice could scarce be heard)
demanded to know whether the gentleman, in what
he had just said, alluded to him?
Mr. MORRIS. Does the gentleman disclaim
all interest in these lands?
Mr. RELFE. I do most explicitly, and but
for the state of my health I should have taken the
floor in dcfcnce of the bill, which I consider fair
and proper, and one that ought to pass.
Mr. MORBIS said that was enough for that
gentleman.
[Voices: " Tell who they are. Whom do you
mean? Names! names!"]
Mr. M. said he should not mention names: he
did not thmlc that he was required to do so. It
was enough that he here publicly took on himself
to state that such was the fact. He did not hear
it denied.
The House were here called on to abandon the
well settled and uniform policy of the Government,
in the disposal of the public domain, and to let a
gang of speculators, who had acquired a permit for
these lands without right of law, who had got no
title to them, but merely because they had got an
illegal claim, have a preemption right m preference
to their fellow-citizens, who ought to have as iatr
a chance to puchase as they. Yes, this House was
invoked to do this for an association of men who
| would have no breath or being, but would be mere
inert matter, were it not for the inspiration of tt|,e
I basest passion of the human heart—avarice. Uo,a
