1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4% 1
Congress to Brigadier Greneral Taylor, his officers
and men, and giving them extra pay, which was
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
29th of May last.
The question was stated on the engrossment of
the said resolution; when it was, on motion, order-
ed to be laid on the table.
The bill to amend the act concerning the peni-
tentiary in the District of Columbia was then taken
up; the question being on the engrossment thereof.
Mr, COBB moved that the bid be laid on the
table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved that the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1848, which had been returned from
the Senate with amendments, be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means; which motion
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee on the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cobb in the chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the bill making
appropriations for the Post Office Department.
Mr. McCLELLAND gave notice that, if the
motion of Mr. McKay failed, he would move to
take up the River and Harbor bill,
Mr. TIBBATTS raised a question of order.
The House had passed a resolution yesterday to
close the debate in commiliee on the River and
Harbor bill, and the committee were bound to take
up that bill.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order, and
said that the bill on which the resolution closing
the debate was passed was a Territorial bill, which
had been set apart as a special order, and that ap-
propriation bills had precedence.
The vote was put on taking up the bill to make
appropriations for the Post Office Department by
tellers, and decided in the negative : Ayes 57,
noes 65.
Mr. McCLELLAND then moved to take up the
River and Harbor bill.
The vote was decided by tellers : Ayes 74, noes
33—no quorum voting. A re-count was had by
tellers, who now reported ayes 84, noes 35.
The committee accordingly proceeded to con-
sider the
RIVER AJND HARBOR BILL.
** Mr. BOWLIN advocated the appropriation for
the improvement of the Missouri river with much
earnestness. He alluded to the constitutional ob-
jection which had been raised as to the power of
'Congress to make such an appropriation; but
argued that it was quite as constitutional as the
appropriations which were made every year for
light-houses, buoys,&c.,and yet the Congress gave
far more in one year for these objects than would
suffice to clear out aH the snags from the Missouri
river. Were the wants and wishes of ten millions
of people, and the dangers of a commerce worth
more than one hundred millions, to be set aside
and disregarded, while a greater sum was every
year expended on light-houses?
Mr. WICK said that the words of this bill did
not apply simply to drawing snngs out of the bed
of the Missouri; they were much broader, and
would cover almostany works of internal improve-
ment on the Missouri and Ohio rivers.
Mr BOWLIN insisted that the removal of snags
was all the improvement the Missouri was capa-
ble of receiving. Its bed was a quicksand—the
channel was perpetually changing; and all that
could be done to improve it was to remove the
snags which rendered its navigation dangerous.
Mr. B. went into a discussion of the Jackson
vetoes on works of internal improvement, and in-
sisted that the principles there assumed never
would prevent the improvement of the means of
travel and transportation through the most mag-
nificent valley of this earth, &c.
He dwelt on the necessity for this work. The
Mississippi, Missouri, and their tributaries, water-
ed a space of 1,396,000 square miles, equal to four-
fifths of the territory of the whole Union, whose
 oil was not surpassed in fertility by the Delta of
Egypt, And yet there was no security for the
navigation which was to transport its unmeasura-
ble products to a market. Ought this state of things
to be suffered to remain ? If the obstructions were
to be removed, who was to remove them ? These
rivers swept along between whole tiers of States.
"Was one of these States to undertake the work ?
Which of them? Why one more than another?
If all, who should apportion the amount? Certain-
ly the General Government was the proper and
the only power to accomplish a work so strictly
national.
Mr. B. referred, in proof of the great danger of
this navigation, to the fact that the insurance on
steamboats on the western rivers was as high as
18 per ccnt. He hoped the appropriation would
be agreed to.
Mr. THOMASSON warmly advocated an ap-
propriation for the purchase of the stock of the
Louisville and Portland Canal—thus rendering the
navigation of the Ohio free.
He adverted to the fact that there was not a bill
for internal improvement in the West that was not
advocated and supported by Democrats in the
East. This showed that these gentlemen under-
stood their true interest, and were actuated by a
liberal spirit. How was it, that while other gen- j
tlemen were fierce upon the stump, and while be- j
fore the people, in favor of internal improvement i
in every shape, as soon as they get here, whether i
it was owing to an odor from the White House, !
or some other cause, these Democrats could never j
be got to act on any measures of the kind > j
The commerce of the Ohio river was taxed for !
the passage of these falls at Louisville to the tune j
of $150,000 a year, and yet the tax was but twenty <
cents on a ton. From this a judgment might be '
formed as to the extent of that commerce. Was I
it just, was it right, that it should be thus burden- '
ed ? The Government owned already §1600,000 in j
the stock of this company: it only required to pur- i
chase out the remaining $300,000 to render that j
whole commerce free. This tax fell not only on !
Kentucky, but on all the States above. The tax j
was felt ail over the West, and ultimately at the j
East too. He concluded by expressing his hope i
that some systematic plan, in the nature of a sink- !
ing fund, would be established, for keeping up |
these necessary works of internal improvement. i
At the appointed time the Chair (dosed the de- ■
bate, and the committee proceeded to vote on |
amendments as thev were moved.
Mr. TIBBATTS mo\cd to amend the amend- i
meiU of Mr. McCleli.axd, so as to strike out all :
relating to the Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri, and ;
Red rivers, and insert— j
" Foi the nnpiovenient of thi' Ohio uver, b'dow the falN 1
at Louisville, fcll)0,00i).
" For the iiripiovement of the Ohio river, below the fall*
at Louisville, and the Missi&Mppi, Mi^ouu, and Aikansas
.$250,000.
<k For tho improvement of the Mississippi river adjacent
to the citv of St Louis, .$50,000.
" For removing; the nift of Itedliver, arid for the lmpiove-
ment of paid )iver, #95,000."
Disagreed to; only 35 voting in favor.
Mr. CROZ1ER moved: " For the improvement
of the canal around the Muscle Shoals, in the Ten-
nessee river, and for the improvement of the Hol-
ston and Tennessee river above said shoals, $100,-
000." Disagreed to. Ayes 59, noes 76.
Mr. STEWART moved the following, which
was disagreed to:
"That the *tock ougtnallv ^ub^enbed by the cities of
Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown, in the Che.-a-
peakw and Ohio Canal Company, is hntchy suirendered to
the said cities, on condition that they shall effectually guar-
anty, or otherwise make available as ca>h,tlu<;e hundred
thousand doll.us of the bond-of tho said canal company, i—
sned, or to he i*sued, in pursuance of an act of the General
Assembly ot Maryland, dated the 10th flay of March, 1345,
entitled 'An act to provide foi the completion oi the Chcsa- i
poakc and Ohio Canal to fumheiland, and for other pur- J
po<P9 and that the nock originally suhpcrtbed by the Um- j
ted States m the said company *haii be transferred to the j
State of Maryland, provided she make5* available, as afore- j
said, two hundred thousand dolkus of the bonds of the canal j
company issued as above mentioned. Provided, however,
That the United States <-hal) have the right to transport on
the said canal mails, troop*, ai nn, and camp equipage, free
of toll forever, and that thev be absolved from all responsi-
bility for and connexion with t>aid company."
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, moved: "For
the harbor at Racine, $6,000; for the harbor at
Southport, $5,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved: "tor im-
provements m the river Delaware, $50,000; to be
applied under the direction of the Topographical
Engineers." Disagreed to.
Mr. YO.ST moved: " For repairs of the piers at
Marcus Hook and Chester, in Delaware county,
Pennsylvania, $],500 each." Disagreed to.
Mr. THOMASSON moved: "That §300,000
be applied, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to the purchase of stock held by in-
dividuals in the Louisville and Portland canal, pro-
vided he shall not give more than §130 per share,"
Disagreed to. Ayes 54, noes 68.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved: "For removing lha
.raft of Red river, and for the improvement or the
navigation of said river, $50,0$0." Disagreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT moved: "For the removal of the
obstructions to the navigation in Newark harbor,
at the entrance, State of Now Jersey, $10,000."
Agreed to: Ayes 70, noes 58.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM moved: "For construc-
tion of the Cumberland road within the State of
Ohio §100,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War." Disagreed to.
Mr. LEWIS moved: "an item of $5,000 for the
harbor of Cattaraugus creek, and $5,000 increase
to Dunkirk harbor, both in Chautauque county,
New York." Disagreed to.
Mr. WILLIAM G. BROWN moved: "For the
constiuction of a wire suspension bridge over the
Ohio river, at Wheeling, $30,000: Provided, That
tiie same shall be built of such a height as not to
obstruct the navigation of said river by the largest
size steamboats when there istwenty feet water in
the channel of said river." Disagreed to.
Mr. ROOT moved: "For the improvement of
the harbors of Huron, Vermillion, and Black Ri-
vers, on Lake Erie, each $3,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved: "For the improving
of the Sabine and Tiinity livers, inTexas, $10,000
cuch." Disagreed to.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved: "For improv-
ing the Des Moines and Rock River Rapids, in the
Mississippi river, $50,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. DAR11AGH moved: "That the sum of
§50,000 be and the same is hereby appropriated to
complete and finish the marine hospitals which have
been commenced at Pittsburg, (Pennsylvania,)
Louisville, (Kentucky,) and Cleveland, (Ohio,)
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury." Disagreed to_.
Mr. RUNIC moved: " For improving the chan-
nel of the river Delawaie, between Trenton and
Bnrdentown, §5,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. FOSTER moved: " For the extension of
the National Road from Cumberland via Pittsburg
to Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania, $100,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War." Disagreed to.
Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN moved: "For the con-
stiuction of the road to connect Rockville, in the
State of Maryland, with the city of Frederick,
$10,000, so an to connect the seat of the General
Government with the Cumberland Road." Dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved: " For the improve-
ment of the navigation of the river Delaware,
above Philadelphia, $30,000." Disagreed to.
v Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved:
" For the continuation of the improvements of the
river Thames, in the State of Connecticut, in ac-
cordance with plans and surveys heretofore made
under the direction of the War Department,
$]0,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT moved: " For the improvement
in the harbor at Newburyport, in the navigation
of tho Merrimack river, $25,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. GIDD1NGS moved: " For continuation of
harbor at Ashtabula, Ohio, $5,000; for continua-
tion of harbor at Conneaut, Ohio, $5,000." Dis-
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved: "For the continua-
tion and repair of the Cumberland road, in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, $250,000, viz:
<50,000 to be expended in Ohio, $100,000 in the
State of Indiana, and $100,000 in the State of Illi-
nois." Agreed to: Ayes 61, noes 58.
Mr. GENTRY moved: " For the improvement
of the navigation of the Cumberland river, $50,000
—$25,000 to be expended below Nashville, and
$-25,000 above Nashville." Disagreed to.
Mr. HAMPTON moved: "For commencing
the breakwater at Crow Shoal, in the river Dela-
ware, $150,000." Disagreed to. _
Mr. J. P. MARTIN moved: " For the improve-
ment of the Cumberland river, and clearing the
obstructions at Smith's Shoals* on said nver, fpoQj-
000." Disagreed to. .
Mr MARTIN, of Wisconsin, moved: For
the harbor at Sheboygan, on Lake Michigan,
45.000 " Disagreed to.
Mr william G. BROWN moved: "For the
improvement of the Monongahela river m the
States of Pennsylvania and Virginia, ^100,000.
Disagreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT moved: " For the improvement,
