47-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
in the harbor at Newburyport, of the navigation
of the Merrimack river, $95,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved: "Also,-
fhe further sum of §15,000 for the improvement
of the mouth of the Genesee river, on Lake On-
torio, in the State of New York." Disagreed to.
Mr. SEVERANCE moved: "For the improve-
ment of the Kennebec river, $15,000.'' Disagreed
to.
Mr. "WHITE moved an additional appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Hudson river,
$50,000. Disagreed to.
Mr. SAWYER moved Tas an amendment the
"Wilmot proviso.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. HAMPTON moved: " For completing road
from Cohamey li^ht-house, New Jersey, to the
fast land, $2,500." Disagreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, moved: " For
the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of
the Housatonic river, in the State of Connecticut,
$10,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved: "For the improve-
ment of the harbor at Sabine Pass, §10,000."
Disagreed to.
Mr. BOYD moved: " For the construction of a
marine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky, f10,000."
Disagreed to.
Mr. YANCE moved: "For the improvement
of the Maumee river, below the city of Mauinee,
$30,000 " Disagreed to.
Mr. NEWTON moved that, in addition to the
appropriation for the improvement of Red river,
one of the snag-boats of the Government shall be
constantly kept in said river to remove the raft as
it accumulates. Disagreed to.
Mr. BIGGS moved: " For the improvement of
Roanoke Inlet, at or near Nag's Head, in the State
of North Carolina, §100,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. HOUGH moved the following items: " For
the repairs and working of the steam dredge on
Lake Champlain, §9,000; for the improvement of
the harbor at Port Ontario, on Lake Ontario,
$10,000; for the improvement of the harbor at Os-
\ves;o, $35,000." Disagreed to.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. McCi.bi.h.nd, and it was
agreed to.
"Mr. HOUGH moved to amend the hill by
Striking out all thereof, and substituting therefor
the following:
" " That u -mm of motu'v bo and tlio same is hurebv appro
priated, to Ik; paid our of any iinnpprnpnat«'d iiioncv in tho
TtcUMiry, MilfUiuut for the following purpiw-*, via I*V>rthe
continuation of flip breakwater stun-fure at Biulimrton, on
Lake Champlain, ^'f0,Uf)0; forthe continuation o| the bieak-
water structure at PlattMuug, on Lake Champlain, *10,000;
foi the repairs and working of the Meain diedi oon Lake
Champlain, $9,000; lor the improvement of the hatbor at
Port Ontario, on Lake Ontario, ,510,000; for the int|>tov<>-
rnent of the harboi at 0>\ve^o, 011 Luke Onf.tsio, .y2>,000;
for the improvement of Big Sodu* Bav, on Lake Ontano,
$5,000; for the improvement oi the harboi at the mouth of
Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, .«10,000; for the nnpiove-
incntof the Oak Orchaid harboi. State of New Yot k, ^ >,l)0/>;
fot the construction of a dredu'c-boat tor Lake OjHmiio,
$20,000; for lepairmg the harboi at Buffalo. on Lake Ene,
and the continuation of the sei-wallfor {lie pioteetion of
the same, $10,000 ; for improving the harbor at Dunkirk, on
Lake Erie, ,§10.000; for improving the haiboi atEne, on
Lake Erie, .$'20,000; for inmroving G.and River harboi, on
Lake Eiie, .5-5,000; for imptovin? the harbor at Cleveland,
on Lake Erie, $L"),000; for improving the harboi at San-
dusky City, on Lake Eiie, .^10,0j0; for improving the River
Raisin harbor, on Lake Erie, tfS.OOD; tor constructing a
dredge-boat to bo inert on Lake Erie, ,<*-20 000; f<n improving
the harbor at St. Joseph, on Like Michigan, K10,000; for
improving the harbor at Michigan Citv, on Lake Michigan,
{§-20,000 for impiovm? the harboi at IVTilwaukic, on Lake
Michigan, $10,000 ; for improving the harbor at Chicago, on
Lake Michigan, $1*2,000; fot constructing a diedge-boat to
be usect on Lake Michigan, >«0U,00;>; lor impiovini the har-
bor at Boston, $30,000; for improving the harbor at Bridge-
port, Connecticut, $10,000; for a suivevand examination
of the harbor at Providence, Rhode Wand. ,^3.00J; tor com-
pleting the Delaware break watri, $50,000 , for improving the
haibor at Baltimore eity, *$15,000; forimpiovmi> flog Island
channel, at Charleston city , South Carolina, $>0,000: for the
improvement of Savannah harbor and the naval anchorage
near Fort Pulaski, $10,000 ; foi repair* and preservation of
harbor works heretofore conducted on the Atlantic coa*t,
$20,000."
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend tho substitute
by adding: " For continuation of the Cumberland
road, $250,000—$50,000 to be expended in Ohio,
§100,000 in Indiana, and $100,000 in the State of
Illinois." Agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hough's
substitute, and it was disagreed to.
The committee rose and reported the bill as
amended.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
was ordered, viz: on concurring with the commit-
tee in their amendments.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, moved, at twenty
minutes before four o'clock, that the House ad-
journ. The motion was rejected.
The question was then put, and the amendment
of the committee was concurred in.
The bill was then read thiough, and the item for
the continuation of the Cumberland road, $250,000
—of which $50,000 to be expended in the State of
Ohio, $100,000 to be expended in the St#te of In-
diana, and $100,000 to be expended in Illinois,
was excepted to, and a separate vote was taken on
ordering1 this item to be engrossed, by yeas and
nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott, Arnold, A-hintm, William G. ;
Brown, Butfington, William W. Campbell, Curoll, Ciati- j
Hton, Cunningham, Gairett Davis, Delano, Douglass, Tohn 1
H. Kwing, Foot, Ciddtngs, Gnder, Hale, Harper, Henley, !
flenrv, Elias B. Holme*, S. D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washing- j
ton Hunt, J. R. Ineersoll, D. P. King. Leu is, McC'l'-rnawI, |
McGaughey, McHeiirv, MeTlvaine, Mi Her, Newton, Pollocft, j
Ramsey, .Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,Root, l
Runk, Schenck, Seaman, {Severance, Trutr.an Smith, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robeit Smith,
Strohm, Thoiuas<on, Beni- Thompson. Tibbatts Tilden,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White, Wick, Wmthrop, Wright,
and Young—61.
"NAYS—Messrs Stolen Adams, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bell, Benton, Biem, James Black, James A. Black, Bowdon,
Bowliu, Boyd, Brodhend, Milton Brown, Burt, Cathcart,
Reuben Chapman, Cobb, Cocke, Cottrell, Crozier, CuMorn,
Darrach, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dock* rv, Dromgoolc,
Dunhtp, E'Kull, Ellsworth, Erdman, Fostei, Garvin, Gentry,
(rile*, Goodyear, Goidon, Grover, Ilaimrmson, Hastings,
Hough, Geoigp S. Houston, llungerlord, J B Hunt. Jenkins,
James II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andievv John-son. (*.
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Thomas Butler King, Leifler,
Tiii Scie, Long. MfClean, McClelland, McCrate, McDamel,
Joseph J. McDowell, Jame^ McDowell, McKay, John P.
Mai tin, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Pavne, Pern', Pillshury,
Real, Relfr, Kittei, Ru-^eil, Sawyer. Scammon, A. D. Sun*,
Simpson, St. John. Svkes James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tooinb^, Tiedway. Wentworth, Whea'ton, Williams,
Wilmot, Wood, Woodiufi", Woodward, and Yost—91.
So the House refused to order the above item to
he engrossed.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time, and was engrossed and read a
third time.
The question recurrcd on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MoCLELLAND moved the previous ques-
tion, and under its operation the bill was passed by
yeas and nays, as follows:
VEAS —Messrs Abbott, Arnold, A«dunnn,'Blanehaid,
Bowlm, nutfington, William W. Campbell, Oairoll, Cath-
cart, Collamer, ('t.m^ton, Dan.nrh, Gatrett Davis, Delano,
l)e Molt, Douglas, Md^ali, Illl-worth, Faian, Foot, Fo-toi,
Guiding-;, (riles, Gnod\ e;u, Gnder, Gunnel!, Hale. Hnmpton,
Flaiper, IH^tiiu^. lfenlov, Henrv, Elias B. Holmes, Hough,
John W. Houston. Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hiiii^t,
foiii, Wa«Junfffon Haul, James B- Hunt, Joseph R. In'jei-
soll, Jenkm.'-,Daniel I\ Kum,Thoma^ Butler King, Lefrier-
l^ewis, TiOmr, McClelland, Me Daniel, Joseph J. McDowell,
Mi Henrv, Mcllvnmc, Marih, Miller, Mot rts, Mosnlev, New-
ton, Pollock, Itelfft. Kiplev, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Bunk, Russell, Seaman, Tinman Smith, Albeit
Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stewait, St John,
Stiohm, Svke^, Thibodauv.Thonia« -on. Benjamin Thomp-
<Dn, James Thompson, Tibhafts, Tilden, Tiumbo, Vance,
Vinton, Wentworth, White, Wmthrop, Wood, Wright, and
Younu—89.
NAYS—Me^rs. Sfephen Adams, Atkm«on, Bnrringer,
Bell, Benton, Big^s, James Black, James A. Black, Bowdon,
Bovd, Broekenlnough, Hrodhcad, Milton Brown, William
G. Brown, Burt. l*euben Chapman. Cobb, Coeke, Crozicr,
Cullom, (?mininjr'nam, Dilhngiiam, Dobbin, Dockery, Diom-
goole, Dunlap, Eidman, Garvin, Gently, Gordon, Grover,
Hatmanson, Hilliiud, George S. ffou^ton, Edmund W. Hub-
ard, Jame<- H Johnson, Joseph Johnson. Andiew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Lawience, La Sere,
Tilimpkin, IMcClean, McClornand, MeCiate, James Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, McKay, John P. Maitin, Moulton, Ni-
ven, Norii«, Payne, Perrill, Perry, Pillfbury, Rcid, Ritter,
Sawyer, Seammort, Alexander D. Sim«, Simpson, Jacob
Thompson. Toombs, Tredway, Wheaton, Wick, Williams,
Wilmot, Woodwrud.and Yost—72.
Mr. MoCLELLAND moved to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the bill; and further moved
that said motion be laid upon the table; which
motion was agreed to.
The title of the bill was read, viz: "A bill for
continuing1 certain public works in the Territory
of Wisconsin:" when—
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend the same
by adding thereto the following words: (i And for
other purposes;" which was agreed to.
The following is a copy of the bill:
AN ACT to provide for continuation of ceitain public works
in the Territory of Wisconsin, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted, That a sum of money be, and the same
is hereby appropriated, to bo paid out of any unappropriated
money in the treasury, sufficient for the following purposes,
viz:
For the harbor at Mdwaukie, six thousand dollars.
For the continuation of the breakwater structure at Bur-
lington, on Lake Champlain, &ix thousand dollars*
For the continuation of the breakwater structure at Platts-
burg, on Lake Champlain, six thousand dollars.
For tne repairs and working of the steam-dredge on Lake
\ Champlain, five thousand dollars.
| For the improvement of the harbor at Port Ontario, on
| Lake Ontario, three thousand dollais.
I For the improvement of the harbor at Oswego, on Lake
i Ontano, ten thousand dollars.
[ For the improvement of Big Sodus bay, on Lake Ontario,
j four thousand dollars.
| For the impiovement of the harbor at the mouth ofGen-
: esee nvtr, on Lake Ontario, six thousand doliars.
; For the impiovement of the Oak Orchard harbor, State
i of New York, three thousand dollars.
j For the construction of a dredge-boat for Lake Ontario,
, twelve thousand dolUus.
I For repairing the harboi at Buffalo, on Jyake Erie, and the
, continuation ot the sea-wall for the protection of the &ame?
I twenty-tive thousand doilais.
i For nnpioving the haibor at Dunkirk, on Lake Erie, five
, thousand dollars.
! Foi improving the harbor at Erie, on Lake Erie, twelve
] thousand dollars.
1 For improving Grand River harbor, on Lake Eiie, three
: thousand dollars.
; For improving the harbor at Cleveland, on Lake Eric, ten
j thousand dollars.
1 Foi improving the harboratSandusky Cfiy, on Lake £rie?
' six ihou-and dollars.
For nnpioving the River Raisin harbor, on Lake Erie, five
thousand doilais.
For constructing a dredge-boat, to Ue used on Lake Eiie,
twelve thousand dollars.
For impiovingthe harbor at St. Joseph, on Lake Michigan f
m thousand dollars.
For improving the harbor at Michigan City, on Lake Michi-
gan, twelve thousand dollars.
For improving the harbor at Chicago, on Lake Michigan',
eight thousand dollars.
For constiuctmg a dredge-boat, to be used on Lake Michi-
gan, twelve thou>and dollars.
For constructinga breakwater structure at Stamford Ledge,
Maine, six thousand doilais.
For improving the haibor at Boston, seventeen thousand
doilais.
Foi improving the harbor at Biidgeport, Connecticut, six
thousand doBais.
For a survey and examination of the harbor at Newark,
New Jer.-ey, two thousand dollars.
For a survev and examination of the harbor at Piovidenc©
and Block l.-land, Rhode Island, two thousand dollars,
j For completing the Delaware breakwater, thirty thousand
dollars.
! Nor improving the harbor at Baltin ore city, ten thousand
j dollars.
1 For a survey and examination of the harbor at Havre-de-
i Grace, Maryland, fifteen hundred dollars.
I Foi impiovmg Hog Island channel at Charleston city,
'I South Caiohria, ten thousand dollars.
!: For tho improvement of Savannah harbor and the naval
i: anchorage near Fort Pulaski, twenty-five thousand dollars.
; Foi asuivev and examination of the harbor at Mobile,
• Alabama, foui thousand dollars.
I For coniinninffthe public works and rernovingthe obstruc-
' tions in the Hudson river, twenty-five thousand doilais.
] For the impiovement of the Ohio river above the falls at
j Louisville, foify thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Ohio river below the falls at
j Louisville, and of the Missis>ippi, Missouri, and Arkansas
livers, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars: Provide
| That of this a #.um not to exceed twenty-five thousand dol-
; laismay be applied to the improvement of the Mississippi
j nvrr at St. Louis, in the discretion of the Secretary of War.
| For removing the laft of Red river, and for the improve-
ment of said rivei, twenty-five thousand doilais.
For repairs and preservation of harbor woiks heretofore
const! ucted on the Atlantic coast, ten thousand doliars.
For the lemoval of obstructions to the navigation at the
entrance of Newaik harbor, New Jeisev, ten thousand dol-
lars.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions -were presented and re-
ferred, under the rule:
Bv Mr. TfLDE\T: The memorial of the citizens of Mas-
sillon, Ohio, praying for such modification of the tariff of
1H46 as will give protection to the manufactuie of sulphate
of quinine and meicurials. Also, the memorial of Daniel
Upsen and sundry other citizens of Summit county, Ohio,
praying for the construction of a raihoad from Lake Michi-
gan to the Pacific.
By Mr. LEWIS: The petition of numerous inhabitants
of Chautauque county, New York, praying for a speedy ter-
mination of the war with Mexico.
By Mr. SEAMAN : The memorial of Marshall Pierce and
sixteen otheis, citizens of Saeo and Biddeford, Maine, rela-
tive to the division and disposal of the public lands.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of
Wisconsin for a mail route from Jamesville, via Pulton and
Clarkville, to Rutland, m Dane county. Also, for a mail
loute fiom Waterton, via Hustis Rapids and Mayville, to
Fond du Lac, in Fond du Lac county.
B> Mr. POLLOCK: The petition" of George B. Buyets
and 105 others, citizens of Northumberland county, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to pass some law to prevent the
immigration of foreign paupers and criminals, and for an
alteration of the naturalization laws. See.
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of James Woodburn, Hen*
ry Curtis, and 328 others, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from Bastrop to Monroe, Louisiana.
By Mr. REID: The memoiial of David Taylor, asking
for an appropiiation to pay a settled account against the
United States.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of Francis C. Tread-
