1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his silence. But on the other side, whence the
scruples?—where the difficulty ?
The honorable gentleman went on to show that
Mexico took the initiative in this war, and then
proceeded to comment on the position of the honor-
able Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien.] If he
(Mr. S.) understood that gentleman, Mexico had
some vague claim against Texas, and the question
of boundary is stili open to the chances and haz-
ards of negotiation. Provided the imaginative mind
of Mexico could be brought to suppose that she
had some right to a portion of the territory of
Texas, the United States ought to indemnify her
liberally. He (Mr, S.) thought that annexation
had settled that question. He thought that the
Senator from Georgia was also somewhat incon-
sistent in denouncing the war as unconstitutional,
ill-timed, and unprovoked, and yet declaring, at
the same time, that it should be prosecuted with
vigor.
Mr. BERRIEN explained. The inconsistency
which the Senator imagined to exist in the recom-
mendation which he (Mr. B.) had made when ad-
dressing the Senate was this: that, having stated
this war to have been unnecessarily commenced'—
commenced by the usurpation of power on the part
of the Executive which belonged to Congress—he
(Mr. B.) should, nevertheless, have recommended
its vigorous prosecution. 'Now, his (Mi. B.'s)
proposition was this; In his judgment, the war was
unnecessarily commenced by an act of power which
did not belong to the President of the United States.
But it existed. It had been recognised by Con-
gress, and he was willing to unite in the redemp-
tion of the pledge which that recognition gave. But
to relieve the country from the imputation of prose-
cuting this war with a view to the dismemberment
of Mexico, he would proclaim to Mexico and the
world what he proposed by the proviso which he
offered to the Senate. He would relieve the coun-
try from the imputation of prosecuting an unjust
'war. He would limit the claims of the United
States against Mexico to those which we had; and
then, if Mexico refused that proffered boon of peace
upon terms which might consist with the rights of
both countries, then he would prosecute the war
with vigor. He hoped he was now understood on
that subject. With regard to the boundary of
Texas, he had not said that he would acquiesce in
any suggestion which the lively imagination of
Mexico might make as to the boundary of Texas;
but he had said that in their public State papers
anterior to and up to the time of annexation, the
Government of the United States had distinctly
avowed that the question of the boundary of Texas
was an unsettled question, and therefore open to
negotiation, and he had said that inasmuch as the
Government of the United States had declared it to
be a question open to negotiation, it was not a
question, without negotiation, to be settled by force
of arms. ^
Mr. SOULE could not perceive that his position
had been in any way weakened by the explana-
tion of the Senator. He (Mr. S.) supposed that
he must be wrong, as he was so unfortunate as to
differ from the honorable Senator, but he held
it to be a principle, that if the war was unjust,
although begun, it ought to cease. Were the
United States, at this stage of their history, to
announce to the civilized woild that they were
prosecuting an unjust war—a war begun in cir-
cumstances which did not justify it—a war brought
about by an unjust stietch of Presidential power,
and that they should prosecute it vigorously? He
did not—he could not understand it. As to the
boundary of Texas, the existence of such State
papers as those to which the honorable Senator
had alluded, did not affect it at all. A statesman
might have been led into error, but his error could
not vitiate the title; it could not affect the right.
Mexico herself had never disputed the Rio Grande
as being the boundary of Texas. It was the bound-
ary of the Sabine that she disputed. The honor-
able Senator then adverted to the line of policy
recommended by the Jionoiable Senator fiom
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] in the prosecu-
tion of the war, which he regarded as impractica-
ble. It would require a large force, and a great
expenditure, without the results which were an-
ticipated. Still there were contingencies whose
occurrence might render that line available.
As to the policy of the Senator from Michigan,
it was calculated to arouse the feelings of a soldier;
Jhose bold, chivalric impulses which inspired the
martial leader; and yet he (Mr. S.) was inclined
to believe that, like a good general, the Senator
himself, in his own mind, knew what to take from
that policy. In order to ascertain the best policy,
it was necessary to study the character of the great
mass of the population of Mexico. That charac-
ter was but little understood. Travellers had de-
scribed only the large cities. Four-fifths of the
population were plunged in the deepest ignorance.
Their character might be appreciated from the an-
swer of a viceroy of Spain, who, on his return to
Madrid, was interrogated by Charles the Fourth,
with respect to the occupation of the people of
Mexico. "Oh, sire," saia the viceroy, " they are
firing rockets and ringing bells. They have been
doing so, they are now doing so, and they will do
so till the end of time, unless you should think
proper to interdict these delightful and intellectual
amusements!" The King was surprised. " How
is it?" he asked. "Oh," said the viceroy, "they
imagine that the Great Being is taking a nap, and
they want to awake him." They were in fact a
people entirely incapable of fanaticism, either in
religion or politics. But there was one fanaticism
of which they were susceptible, the fanaticism of
the soil, of which, however, they were not the
owners, and that fanaticism would be found a very
serious impediment in tne prosecution of such a
policy as that recommended by the Senator from
Michigan.
As for himself, he would tender again to Mexico
a peace; and for the purpose of enabling; the Presi-
dent to come to that, he would cheerfully vote for
the bill before the Senate. If refused by Mexico,
he would then take a military position in the healthy
region in the interior of Mexico, keeping open a
line of communication with the sea at vera Cruz;
he would levy contributions on the clergy, mer-
chants, and great land owners, and issue warrants
payable by Mexico at the end of the war. In a
woid, he would bring Mexico to the feet of the
United States.
Adverting to the dissensions which had prevailed
in regard to this war with Mexico, the honoiable
Senator spoke of the it-.cent coui^e of the Senate
towards the editors of the Union. He did not hesi-
tate to say, that the knowledge of that act of the
Senate would have a most prejudicial effect in Mex-
ico, and if any negotiations had been in progress,
they would have been seriously jeoparded. The
freedom of the press was intimately associated with
some of the dearest remembrances of his own life.
The exercise in" his own ease of the freedom of the
press had brought upon him the sentence of a des-
potic king and the mandate of his slavish judges,
which had driven him to this country, and never,
never, would he lend his assistance to anything
which might be calculated to assail that last bul-
wark of our liberty, when everything else shall be
gone. He recalled to the recollection of Senators
the famous reply of Nero—who, he said, certainly
could not be accused of too much indulgence—
when consulted about some rhymes which a cer-
tain satirist had written against him. The emper-
or was asked what the Senate ought to do with the
poet. The reply was: " Let them do as they please
—let them forgive.''
The honorable gentleman then concluded with
an impassioned appeal to the sense of justice of the
Senate, in defence of southern constitutional rights
and immunities, which had been threatened m the
course of the discussions on the war.
Mr. EVANS next took the floor, but indicated
his desire to postpone his remaiks until to-mor-
row.
The bill was accordingly passed over infor-
mally.
Mr. FAIRFIELD then moved 10 proceed to the
consideration of executive business, but withdrew
the motion at the request of Mr. Cass, who de-
sired to reply to the question propounded to him
by the honorable Senator from Delaware.
THE LETTERS OF MR. MARKS.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then re-stated the ques-
tions which he had propounded before the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana proceeded to address
the Senate. |
Mr. CASS said, in answer, that a letter was ]
published in the Charleston Mercury, from Mr. j
Marks to General Taylor, together with a letter j
from Mr. Marks to the Department of State, com- j
municating the letter to General Taylor. j
[The following are the letters:] i
[Copy.]
"Village of Chi^a, on the River San Juan,
" September 23, J845.
" Sir : I have the honor to inform you, that I have had
seveial confer? nces at Monterey with General Mariano
Arista, commander-m-cluef of the Mexican forces on the
frontier of the Rio Grande, in relation to the differences at
present existing between the United States and Mexico, and
lam pleased to state to you that from the opinions and views
he made known to tne, the Cabinet of Mexico is dif)x>sed to
enter into an amicable arrangement with the United Suites,
in relation to the boundan, and ail other momentous ques-
tions. Although I was not domed with any official author-
ity, I took upon myself, as a citizcn of the United Suites,
desiring to see the two countries m harmony of friendship,
to say, that it has ever been, and is the policy and sincere
wish of the Government and people of the United States, to
cultivate the good-will and friendship of the sifter republics
of the American continent, and mo^t especially Mexico, and
that I was confident the United Stales would make a liberal
settlement with Mexico relative to the boundary question.
" As General Arista was under the impression that I wa?
a seciet agent of the United States:, though I dechued tohnn
quite contrary, and that I was only acting as a private indi-
vidual, endeavoring to avoid a recourse to arms between
the two countries, "he nevertheless thought it advisable to
send a minute of our conferences to his Government, and
as>uted me that there will be no declaration of war on the
pait of Mexico, until I can proceed on to Washington and
lay before the President the views of Mexico, of which I
am possessed.
" General Aiista pledged his honor to me that nolaree
body of Mexican troops should cro-s the left bank of the Rio
Grande ; that only small parties—not to exceed uvohundred
men—should be pei nutted to «o as far as the Arroj.a Colorado,
(twenty leagues from the Rio Grande,) and that they would
be strictly oulc-red only to prevent Indian depredations and
illicit trade. I then had no he^tation in assuring him that
jou would not comn.it any aggressive ac againstMexico or
her citizens, and that you would sole! v maintain the position
>ou at present occupy at or near the NneeCs river. X trust,
in having made this as^uiance to him. though, I again re-
peat, I did it as a private citizen of the United States, it will
meet with your approbation and be adhered to, as, in a great
measure,peace depends on jour p; udent movements jn this
particular Geneial Ansta spoke a too of Indian incursions
on the frontier of the Rio Grande, and is under the impres-
sion that they could be prevented by the tioops under your
command, as the Indians ahvajs come fiom the Nueces
river. I expressed my profound regret at the frequent atio-
riou* acts of the Indians, and «aid that you would no doubt,
in future, use all endeavors to pievent them, as the United
States was bound, by tne tieatyof Apnl, 1831, to prevent
them as far as possible. He suirgested that if you would
station a body of cavalry at the pa*s of San Sala.% (head-
waters of the Nueces,) through which mountain pa^s they
invariably pioeeed to the Rio Gtande, it would effectually
i check them.
| " I shall leave thi> village to-morrow foi Matamoios, to
I winch port 1 shall arnve m three days; from thence I will
i embark in the first vessel for the United States, pioceedmg
! immediately on to Washington, to lay before the President
i the information and views of Mexico which I am pns&essrd
of. In the meantime, should you decree this note of suffi-
cient importance, I trust that you will transmit a copy of it
by expiess to the Government, as, by timely information,
much good may result therefrom.
" 1 beg to congratulate you that the door is opened to an
amicable adjustment of the vexatious questions between
the United States and Mexico, and feel happy m having
been instrumental in this great and good object. I am with
great lespect, sir, your obedient servant,
" ISAAC D. MARKS.
"To Gen. Z. Taylor,
Oom'g the U. States troops at Corpus Christi, TexasS*
" New Orleans, Ortobcr 29, 3845.
"Sir: I have the honor *o transmit herewith, 'copy' of
a letter I addiessed toGeneial Z.Taylor, at Coi pus Christi,
from the village of China, (Mexico.) I despatched it by
special courier to him, but was subsequently informed that
the express was detained at the town of Canmreo, (on the
Rio Grande,) up to the 7th instant, by rea-on of the con-
tinual and heavy rains, r beg leave to add, that J atrived m
this city vesterday from Matamoro«, and will leave to-mor-
row for Washington. I am, with gieat respect, &c.
«I. D. MARKS.
"To the Hon. James Buchanan, Secretary of State."
The Senator from South Carolina, and the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, both referred to this let-
ter of Mr. Marks in the course of the present dis-
cussion, as proof that the Mexican authorities were
willing to consider the Colorado as the military
boundary, beyond which the Mexican troops
should not pass, and that, consequently, by order-
ing1 our forces to the west of that river, our Gov-
ernment brought on the war. And this communi-
cation of Mr. Marks is assumed as a ground for
the action of the Government, which, it is said,
had thus authoritative notice of the wishes of the
Mexican Government. Now, sir, what are the
] facts? Mr. Marks, a private citizen, |>uts himself
j in communication, without any authority frorn the
: Government, with the commander of the Mexican
' army, and reports a certain conversation he had
' with him. This report he forwards to General
Taylor, and a copy of if to the Government.
What sort of a basis was this for the proceeding:,
either of General Taylor or the Government itself?
If -General Arista had a proposition to make to
General Taylor, the way to do so was open to him;
and if the* Mexican Government wished to com-
municate with ours, the way to do so was equally
