476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Feb. 22,
open to them. Mr. Marks produces no authority
from General Arista. He- reports but a verbal
conversation with himself, and, certainly in mili-
tary operations, loose communications like this,
coming from a hostile general, are entitled to no
kind of weight.
Two main facts are stated by Mr. Marks—one,
this proposition of a sort of a neutral line, and the
other, that the " Cabinet of Mexico is disposed to
enter into an amicable arrangement with the United
States in relation to the boundary and all other
momentous questions." Mr. Marks's letter to
the Department of State, which was dated October
29, 1845, and enclosed the copy of the letter to
Genera! Taylor dated September 23,1845, reached
the department on the 6th November, 1845. On
that very day arrived the letter from Mr. Black of
October 17, 1845, which induced the Government
to make propositions to Mexico. On the 10th of
November Mr. Slidell's commission was made
out, and on the same day Mr. Marks presented
himself, and desired to be appointed the secret
agent to go to Arista. He brought no letter from
General Taylor, nor the trace of any authority
from General Arista. He was told he could not
be employed; but he was told, also, that General
Taylor had no intention, for the present, of ad-
vancing from his camp at Corpus Ohristi.
The remarks to which the Senator from Dela-
ware alludes, in the Union of Friday evening,
were not mine. The reporter was not present
when the subject was up in the Senate. He called
upon me in the evening for my remarks, but it
was too late then to make them out. I placed the
papers in his hands, and furnished him with some
memoranda, leaving him to make out the state-
ment. In answer now to the specific question of i
the gentleman from Delaware, 1 will say, that for j
a short time I was umier the impiession thut m
the public letter from Mr. Marks to the Secretary
of State, the paragraph relating to his compensa-
tion had been suppressed. But both the letters to
Mr. Buchanan and the letter to General Taylor
were read in open Senate; and thus the opportu-
nity was furnished to every Senator to correct the
error. 1 did not myself perceive it until the re-
porter called upon me, when we read both the
letters, and on comparing them discovered the
mistake, which I then pointed out to him, but
which he no doubt overlooked in the pressure of
his engagements. I owe it,theiefore, to Mr. Marks
thus to concet the error. I know nothing of him
but from the papers relating to this transaction,
and 1 can have no intention of doing him injus-
tice. IJut besides the former letter to the Seeie-
tary of State from New Orleans, dated October 29,
there was anothei of the same date marked private,
but containing nothing: "private;" for it related
exclusively to this matter and to Mr. Marks's po-
sition and claims.
The letter is as follows.:
" PurvATi". New Orleans, QclobcrS9,1845.
u Di'ak S:r* Bring unknown, ami fuldresbing a note to
you, I h:tvo no doubt been tfiuifv of abivaeh of etiquette, but
the alian tteatcd on no doubt being important,! determined
to w.uve all ceieniony, and tiust my pioceedings will meet
wifii your approbation.
u Independently of my persona! services*, I have travelled
at my own expense, demising upwauts of two thousand
dollar?-.
" You will perceive, by reference to the leeords of the De-
partment of State, that i was United States vice consul for
the port of MaUmoros in the ye;trs 184-2 and 184^.
" I am your vciy obedient servant, I. 0. MARKS.
" P. S. As lam much fatigued, I shall travel leisure!) to
Washington, and may not arrive before the lotli ofNovem-
bci. i. j). m.
<£ J vmes Buchanan E.-q , Washington OUy.,}
Now, sir, this letter, it will be seen, contains the
paragraph inserted m the Union of Friday, and
which the reporter supposed, erroneously, to have
made part of the other letter, and to have been
suppressed. The sum of the whole matter, sir, is
this: An Amenean citizen holds a communication
with the general of a hostile army, and reports to
his Government what are his views and intentions
upon a certain subjest. He comes to Washington
without the slightest trace of authority, and asks
to be appointed a secret agent, claiming compensa-
tion for his services, and states that he had dis-
bursed upwards of two thousand dollars. These
are all the facts—all the facts—and he who censures
the Government for not acting upon a proposition
like this, under these circumstances, has a very
different opinion of its duties in relation to its for-
eign intercourse m a time of war from tfhat I have.
I repeat, sir, that I do not impugn the motives of
Mr. Marks; for I know nothing of him. It is the
transaction, and not the man, that calls forth my
remarks. I have received a letter, since I took my
seat here, from a very respectable gentleman of this
city, which I have not had time to read, and only
time to glance at. I understand from him Mr.
Marks is a gentleman of unimpeachable-character.
In the Union of Friday is a misapprehension,
which it is proper to correct. It is stated, as ma-
king part of my remarks, that on the day when the
letter of Mr. Marks reached here—to wit: the 6th
of November, " the letter of Mr. Black, our consul
' at Mexico, in answer to a previous communica-
' tion of the Government, was received, stating that
' the Mexican Government would not enter into
' any arrangement." The misapprehension is here.
The letter from Mr. Black, received on the 6th of
November, was the letter from that gentleman of
the 17th October, informing the Government that
Mexico was willing to receive a commissioner to
■ treat for peace. Consul Black's letter, of the 18th
December, and the letter of Mr. Slidell, of the 17th
December, intimating distinctly that our minister
would not be received, and that no arrangement
would be made, reached Washington on the 12th
of January. The order to General Taylor to ad-
vance from Corpus Christi was issued on the fol-
lowing day, January 13, 1846.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
executive business, and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 22, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read in part, and
the fuither reading was, on motion of Mr. TIB-
BATTS, dispensed with.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the VVhole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky, in the
chair.)
And, on motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee
took up the bill making appropi unions for the sup-
port of the army and volunteers for the year end-
ing June 30, 1847.
The reading of the bill through was dispensed
with, and it was taken up by sections.
The first section having been read—
Mr. WINTHltOP rose and said that he desired
to offer three provisoes, to be considered and voted
upon separately. If not m order to offer them all
at once, he would oiler them when in order.
The provisoes were then read as follows;
"Prodded, That no more than a piopoitiouate amount of
the mum1 v ,tj) jti it! il bv the two ln-1 sections ol' this bill
shall be expumlcd dining any one quart) r ol tile year lor
winch said applanations were mad.:.
" Provided, i.fco, That so much of the said appropriations
a* shall be uiicApend.'d at the ne.\t meeting oi Congress,
shall be subject to leconsideration and invocation.
''Provided, fiuther, Tiiat these apprupiiations aie made
with no vu vv ot sanctioning any piuceculioii of the existing
wai wuh Mexico tor the acquisition ot terntory to form
new States to be added to tlie Union, oi for the dismember-
ment in any way ot the republic of Me.\ico."
Mr. W. then addressed the committee during the
hour, in support of these several propositions; and
Mr. PEiN DLETON followed, in a general
speech on the subject of the Mexican war.
[These speeches are now in a course of prepaia-
tion by these gentlemen, and will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL next offered an amend-
ment for the puiposeof reimbursing to the legal
representatives of the late Lieutenant Blake, of the
topographical engineers, an amount which, by his
own°direction, had been deducted from his pay to
replace a like amount of Government funds which
had been the subject of robbery while in his pos-
session. Upon every principle either of exact jus-
tice or enlarged equity or of respect for the mem-
ory ofa brave and distinguished officer, this sum
ought to be paid, now that officer is no more, to
his legal representatives. It was as the represent-
ative of the father of that brave officer that Mr. I.
made the application, and it was the intention of
that father, should it succeed, to use it for the pur-
pose of removing the inanimate remains from the
blood stained field where they now repose, to min-
gle with their kindred dust and ashes.
Mr. I. proceeded to argue, upon principles of
patriotism, that appropriations for the army were
necessary; that American forces, far advanced
into a hostile country, must be sustained; and
that no compromise was involved in voting for
this bill, of questions of party responsibility,
either for the commencement or the conduct of the
war. Yet, it could not be overlooked, that the
origin of the present state of things was closely
connected with the cheeifulness with which the
war should be carried on. He had always held
that a Democratic majority was responsible for all
the evils that were likely to be entailed. Texas,
at war with Mexico, was identified with the Uni-
ted States. No matter what the character of that
war—whether between a rebellious province and
its parent community, or between two independent
nations—its existence long continued, and occa-
sionally exterminating in its character, was clear.
Texas was appealing for succor to a neighboring
Power, to save her from barbarian outrages. Mex-
ico had issued a proclamation full of threats of ex-
termination. Each proclaimed the fact, and the
imminence of its horrors. We became part and
parcel of one of the belligerent nations. Its obli-
gations, rights, and liabilities, were at once ours.
Escape from them was not thought of, except as it
might arise from the weakness of a common an-
tagonist. That weakness rendered it impractica-
ble that efforts as formidable should ensue as would
have followed if a powerful European belligerant
had been the selected foe. It was a paper war, at
least, and as such it was promptly responded to.
The Mexican Minister at once executed his fore-
warnings, demanded his passports, withdrew from
the country, and placed a bar to intercourse be-
tween the two nations so insuperable as to defy
the utmost efforts of your diplomacy to break it.
Not an attempt at conciliation seems to have been
made. No equivalent offered. No compromise
of conflicting claims. Mexico was treated with
the contempt which is always dangerous, and has
been shown at least in verification of the maxim
of the great Carthagenian leader, that a despised
enemy has often given a bloody battle.
Such would have continued to be the character
of the war, authorized and begun by legislative
action, had not executive power carried it into
fearful and formidable activity. Without adequate
provocation, an army is marched through the de-
bated territory. By positive orders, the very brink
of the river which washes the utmost verge of the
disputed ground is fortified, and the messengers
of destruction are planted in reach and full com-
mand of a populous city. All this was done in
the face of continued information from the com-
manding general that everything was tranquil,
and that it was believed the patience of the enemy
would not be roused to resistance.
War became flagrant. Victory has perched
upon your banners. Glory and honor have been
won. Provinces have been overran. A question
now presents itself, which is one not of casuistry,
but of patriotism. What is the duty of that party
which, not responsible for the initiative steps,
might yet, perhaps, by united efforts, so thwart
and baffle the designs of a somewhat inharmonious
Democracy, as to cripple exertions, and, fearful
as might be the result, expose our gallant army to
suffering and disgrace? What should Whigs on
this floor do in this contingency? Fortunately,
such extreme grounds have been taken, that a line
is easily drawn. A position which seems to be
tenable may in a few words be defined. Our coun-
tiy is in the field, and in the face of the enemy.
Funds are required for its defence, support, and
| glory. Patriotism will not falter in the perform-
! ance of its duties, although blindness or guilt may
have required the sacrifice. That is one side of
the alternative. The other consists of a few sim-
ple and intelligible words which, uttered at both
ends of the Capitol, have become familiar to the
ear. It has been said by some of our ultra friends,
that they will not vote a dollar for war supplies, or
for adding a single man to the army. The issue
is joined between these two intelligible extremes;
and it were devoutly to be wished that the people,
in theii sovereign majesty, could rise and decide
between them. At all events, their sentiments
would be right, and that is a strong reason to be-
lieve that their judgment would not materially err.
While he entertained no doubt in relation to this
subject, he was not inclined to complain of a pretty
free expression of opinion on this floor. The Whig
i party, in its origin, had been described by Lord
I Bolingbroke, in his dissertation upon parties; and,
