#4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
sensitive under it.^The man who would not be
sensitive, and show it too, under such an accusa-
tion, must possess feelings which he did not envy.
Mr. MORRIS. What have I said ?
Mr. McCLERNAND said that when the gen-
tleman from Indiana made the remark he did, Mr.
McC. had not yet avowed the purpose for which
he rose; and the gentleman was not warranted to
infer that,he had risen to disavow the charge. He
would say further, that if any gentleman directly
or indirectly imputed to him any improper or dis-
honorable course in relation to the bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, he not only
asserted what was false, but what he dared not
and would not maintain.
Rut he had risen to advert to one or two thing's
which fell from the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Hunt.]
The gentleman seemed to understand Mr. Mor-
ris as having said that an improper influence, from
certain speculators, had " reached the committee."
And this morning the gentleman from Ohio had
reiterated that such was his meaning. Under these
circumstances, he insisted that the resolution ought
to be modified so as to state that to be the charge;
that it was made against the committee as well as
against an individual member. He would there-
fore move that the resolution be so modified. As
it stood, the charge 1 elated to an individual mem-
ber of the committee only: the gentleman now
stated that it was intended to refer to "the com-
mittee."
Mr. MORRIS. I cannot understand all this. I
have repeatedly disclaimed any imputation against
the gentleman; yet he seems to insist that he is
interested 111 the question. Though I have dis-
claimed making any such charge ngainst him, and
though I made no such charge against any mem-
ber of the committee, if gentlemen go on to make
charges to snit themselves, I do not sec where this
is to end. I told the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Hunt] that I had no design to say that he
was influenced in his action on the bill by his
owning stock; and I now repeat, again, that I do
not make such a charge against any member of
the committee.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I cannot comprehend
the gentleman. Did he not just now state it as his
belief, that an improper influence from ecrtain spec-
ulators " had reached the House, and had readied
the committee ?" I ask him now whether he means
to s'ay that—yea or nay ?
Mr. MORRIS. T did Hay, that I believed that
the influence of those speculators, who were deter-
mined to get hold of these mineral lands, had reach-
ed the House and had reached the committee; but
I did not say it was an improper influence. Such
is my belief still.
Mr. McCLKLLAND said, that as the gentle-
man from Ohio now withdrew all imputation of
improper influence on the members of the commit-
tee m the case referred to, he would move that the
resolution of inquiry be laid upon the table.
The motion prevailed, and the resolution was
laid on the table accordingly.
RXPE.NSISS OF THE WAR.
The resolution offered by Mr. Jacob Thompson
yesterday, and the amendment thereto olfered by
Mr. Asiimun, inquiring as to the expense already
incurred in proaeeuting the piesent war, was taken
up.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose to a point of
order, and inquired of the Chair if the amendment
of Mr. Ashmuv was in order, as it was not perti-
nent to the subject-matter of the resolution?
The CHAlll decided the amendment in order
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved to lay the
resolution and amendment on the table.
Mr. AS! 1MUN asked for the yeas and nays on
that motion; and they were ordered, and resulted:
Yeas >>">, nays 65.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR T1113 ARMY.
On motion of Mi. McKAY, the House resolved
it*5«'lf into Committee of the Whole on the army
appropiMtJon hill, (Mr. Tijjjjatts in the chair,)
Mr. MORRIS, who was entitled to the floor
addressed the Committee. He said: '
Mr. Chairman: On most occasions since I have
been privileged with a seat on this floor, I have
been content to express my approval or disap-
proval of the measures here proposed by a simple
response of ay or no to the call of the Clerk. I
would not depart from such a course now were it
not for the very extraordinary tone of bitterness
which has characterized the debate upon the Mexi-
can war. Violent and acrimonious denunciation
against the war, the President, and the Adminis-
tration, and those who support them, has been the
"order of the day" with gentlemen upon the op-
posite side of the Hall from the very commence-
ment of the session.
Now, as I differ with them upon almost all great
national questions, 1 am also constrained to differ
with them upon this. After a careful, and I tiust
candid consideration of the subject, I am compel-
led to say, what my judgment sanctions, that this
war is not only just and necessary, but unavoid-
able, without national dishonor—without a tame
and disgraceful abandonment of national rights and
interests. I believe, too, that in the inception and
prosecution of the war the President and Admin-
istration have acted with a sincere and patriotic
desire to sustain the honor and interests of the
nation.
But notwithstanding such is my belief, I shall
not discuss the question with gentlemen whether
the President and the Administration may not oc-
casionally have Mien into error. To contend that
they have not, would be to assert that they are
above human. No President, no Administration,
from the origin of the Government down to this
time, have escaped it. It is incident to all human
transactions, though conceived and directed by the
wisest heads and purest hearts. It is equally true
that there never has been a time when political
opponents did not seize upon such error for the
demagogical purposes of party effect, magnify it
with ten thousand false and distorted embellish-
ments, calculated to catch the public ear and mis-
lead the judgment.
Sir, in considering the question of the justice,
necessity, and constitutionality of the war, it is not
my design to enter upon the discussion any further
than is necessary to meet briefly the charges and
arguments of gentlemen upon the opposite side of
the Hall.
The first of these arguments which I shall no-
tice, is that assumed by them in regard to that
portion of the President's message, in which he
treats of the wrongs and lawless aggressions upon
the property, liberty, ami lives of our citizcns, and
the wanton insults to our national flag, by Mcxi-
ThMt the statement contained in the message
claims of our citizens. That commission remained in ses-
sion until the expnation of the period to which it was limited
by tine tieaty; and they awarded to our citizens $2,026,139."
upon this point is true, is a matter of history too
well known and authenticated to admit of doubt.
Yet, gentlemen, upon the opposite side of ihe
Chamber, have, without reason, without justice,
without truth, and with an assiduity and perseve-
rance unsurpassed, attempt* d to place the President
in a false position before the country in this matter
—to hold him up to the world as resorting to the
" low demagogical attempt to deceive the nation"
by representing these injuries and insults in his
message as unsatisfied and unredressed wrongs,
when in fact they had all been adjudicated under
the tieaty of 1839.
Now, sir, I assert that there never was a more
reckless and barefaced attempt at deception, and
unjustly to heap odium upon the President and Ad-
ministration, and to make the war and its prosecu-
tion unpopular, than the false—the glaringly false—
representations, that ali our just claims and causes
of complaint against Mexico, which existed at the
date of the treaty of 1839, were adjusted under it,
and that they have " no bearing upon the question
of war and peace."
In relation to this matter the member from Ohio,
[Mr. Oiddlntgs,] in commenting upon the message,
said:
But the PuMdent said that Mexieo had been lone; inflict-
ing a series of' wrongs upon U-*. Very Hue; so s-he had. !
But an ;irt.moment had been mad'.' between the two Gov-
ernments on that subject bv a solemn treaty. It turned oiu
thu-, the Piofcident himself hcins the judge, to he a meie
question of dollars and cent?. All that r« p'o.-icntation went
behind the rccord, rnui had no just beanng ou the present
que-tion of wai and peace."
The member from Massachusetts [Mr. Hud-
son] used the following language:
" Whv. sir, the first charge he brings against Mexico is,
that she has committed spoliations upon our commerce,and
has retiiNc-d to make reparation. Now, my first remark in
i elation to tins p;ut of tiie nies«a«re is, that it is liardiv mag-
nanimous in the President of the (Tinted States to go behind
the tieaty of 1839. Suppose Mexico was guilty of faults
pieviou-j to that period, she contested those fault? m that
troaw and promised leparation. That should have induced
hiin to >top shoit at that period. By the treaty of 1839, a j
joint commission was created to examine and audit the 1
Not only these gentlemen, but almost all, who,
upon this floor, have denounced the war, and the
conduct of the Executive in relation to it, have
assumed the same ground, and *?ent forth to th$
country the same deceptive representations.
The question here arises—what was that treaty,
and how executed ? It was a treaty for the " ad-
justment of claims of citizens of the United States."
It was entered into on the 11th of April, 1839, and
provided for o Board of Commissioners, to consist
of four—two to be appointed by each of the parties;
and for an umpire to be appointed by the King of
Prussia, to decide on those eases on which the
commissioneis might he unable to agree.
The amount of claims submitted to this hoard,
which were finally adjudicated and allowed, was
$2,026,140. The amount submitted to it, and not
adjudicated, or even passed upon by the board and
umpire, was $4,265,465. The amount of claims
which have been filed in the Department of State
since the adjournment of the Board, is $1,147,989.
Besides these, other important claims have there
been filed, upon which no fixed estimate is made
by the claimants.
Now, of this large amount of the claims of our
citizens for lawless and piratical spoliations and in-
juries, only $2,026,140, or about one-fourth part
has ever been adjusted, and that even has never
been paid.
But why was not a larger amount of the claims
submitted to the commissioners' adjudicated?
Why, sir, I contend it was owing to the wholly
unwarrantable conduct of Mexico in the execution
of the commission. In my judgment, never were
more base and dishonorable means resoited to for
defeating the objects of an amicable arrangement
of the difficulties between nations, than were re-
sorted to by Mexico through her commissioners,
in the execution of the commission under the treaty
of 1839.
The conduct of her commissioners, and our for-
bearance, illustrate more strikingly, ifpossible, than
anything else, our submission to wrong and insult,
verging on national humiliation, rather than come
to an open rupture with her. It also exhibits as
strikingly, that infamous system of trickery and
faithlessness, so characteristic of her conduct m ali
her intercourse with us.
The commissioners, by the terms of the treaty,
were to meet in the city of Washington in three
months after the ratification of the treaty, and
their duties were to terminate in eighteen months
from the time of such meeting. The treaty was
ratified by Mexico after a delay of almost a year,
on the 8th April, 1840. But her commissioners
did not arrive so as to enable the board to meet till
the 17th of August following.
It is not my intention to enter upon a full exam-
ination of the conduct of the Mexican Commis-
sioners, acting undei the sanction of their Govern-
ment, to thwart action and to defeat the objects
of the tieaty. I will substantiate two or three
things, however, which show conclusively an en-
tire want of honesty and good faith in its execution,
and which produced, to a great extent, a failure m
the. adjustment of our claims.
The report of the American Commissioners,
(Messrs. Marcy and Breckeniudce.) affords
ample proof that the Mexican Commissioners, on
the very threshhold, committed an insulting infrac-
tion of the spirit of the treaty, in attempting to
force upon the board rules of evidence wholly
subversive of the spnit of its stipulations, in vio-
lation of eveiy principle of law and justice, and
1] destructive to the rights of the claimants. To show
j( this unwarrantable attempt—this barefaced chica-
| nery—to defeat the objects of the treaty, I will
|| here read an extract or two from that repoit:
11 "The Mexican Commissioners strenuously contended
, j tJ/.'it the Uaifed .States, foyiiiterfenpgiu behalf of it* citizens'
jl had assumed then position hetore the board—was. m
! | one of the parties litigant, that the hoard had nothing to do
Ji vxtk the claimants; could not recognise them as panics m
■1 interest, or nhoxv them pet soiml access to it, or ei-cnrcceive any
conihiunicution whatever from £/tem."
Further in their leport they say:
"They [the Mexican Commissioners] denied to them rthe
i claimants] the cnaraiter and ri^hu of htiaants, or parties ia
, interest; they would neither admit then access to the board
| peisonally. or by their agents; nor would thev consent to
| receive any document or written communication from them,
j They went much further on the subjcct of documents and
I written communications, uiul ni&kted that suJt could not be
