1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
received unless they come to the board through the Department
of State oj the United States, from the Mexican Govern-
ment, O! the diplomatic agents of the United States at Mexico.
In every one of the proposed rules which had reference to
documents, proofs, or communications, they insisted upon
limiting the reception to those which came through these
channels.
It was not tiii the 22d of December, a period
of over four months after the meeting of the boaid,
that the Mexican commissioners would relax in
the least from this position, which they well knew
must defeat, the objects of the commission alto-
gether, and then yielded only so far as to submit
a proposition more favorable, it is true, but which,
in my humble judgment, should not have been lis-
tened to by the American commissioners for a single
moment. After this long delay, the following rule
was submitted by the Mexican commissioners, and
agreed to:
" That whatever written explanations, documents, or pe-
titions, the claimants or their agents may desire to piesent
to the board 111 s.uppoitof the justice ot their claims which
are submitted to its investigation, will be icceived and con-
sidered coming to the board through the Department of State.
"Down to this period," savs the icport, "the claimants
were not only shut out from the boaid, but wore unapprised
of any circuitous- channel by which it could be reached.
Their petitions to it could not bo oven taken into considera-
tion, m consequence ol the position maintained by the Mexi-
can commufeioucis, that they were riot pay ties to the claims
for which imieimut> to them was a-^Iced, and to whom, if
allowed, awards mu&t, by the teuns of the convention, have
been made."
Again: by the fourth article of the treaty of
April, 1839, it was stipulated, that—
"The Mexican Government shall furnish all such docu-
ments* and explanations ;is ma\ be in their possession, for the
adjustment of -aid churn*, according to the piinciples of jus-
tice and the laws of nation^."
In gross violation of this express provision of
the treaty, Mexico withheld and refused to fur-
nish to the board, upon their requisition, important
documents to explain and substantiate important
and large claims. The most striking instance of a
total disregard of her solemn treaty stipulation in
this respect, was in the case of William S. Parrott.
I selcct this-case, because the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Pendleton] on yesterday commented
upon'it as a trumped-up and unfounded claim.
But, in relation to Mr." Parrott's claims, the Ameri-
can commissioners, in their report, say:
"That (item in relation to a forced lo.tn of #1,000) wac
not controverted; and the item for a bill of exchange of
$6,000, though not admitted, was not vciy streriuou-ly con-
tested. These, however, composed a very inconsiderable
part of this claim. A large amount of it was lor an indem-
nity for losses which, he alleged, he had sustained by the
illegal acts of seveial judicial and ministerial functionaries,
by the perversion^ of authonty. by the officers of justice, and
by spoliations of propeity, under the color of law, but in
manifest violation of it.
"The documents demanded were described in twenty-
one specifications, some of which have been furnished; but
those described in twelve of the specifications were not trans-
mitted, nor has the Mexican Government, to the knowledge
of the undersigned, offered any reason for not transmitting
them."
In conclusion, the commissioners say that the
fault, why this case was not in a condition to be
disposed of, " is chargeable to the Mexican Gov-
' ernment, which has denied to the claimant the
4 benefit accorded to him by the fourth article of
' the convention, by which Mexico bound herself
4 to transmit documents within her reach, on the
4 requisition of the board."
Thus, by denying to the claimants, their agents
or attorneys, all access to the board, for explain-
ing {heir claims and removing objections—by in-
sisting upon such rules by her commissioners as
must defeat justice, and render the objects of the
commission wholly nugatory till a fourth part of
the time of its continuance was consumed—and
by withholding and refusing to furnish the docu-
mentary evidence, as she was bound to do by the
stipulations of the treaty—not one-third part of the
just claims of our citizens, submitted to the board,
were finally adjudicated. Such has been the con-
duct of Mexico in this matter.
Now, in view of all these manifold atrocities and
burning insults, what do we see and hearJ Why,
sir, gentlemen upon this floor—Representatives of
the American people, whose Government and
whose fellow-citizens have been the subjects of
such atrocities and insults—for the unholy pur-
pose of making odious the President and the war,
proclaiming to their own countrymen, to Mexico,
and the world, that44 it is hardly magnanimous in
the President of the United States to go behind
the treaty of 1839"—that is going behind the rec-
ord; that44 it has no just bearing upon the question
of war and peace."
Now, sir, I impeach no gentleman's motives; to
his own conscience, and to the country, he must
stand approved or condemned: but I will say to
such advocates of the Mexican side of this ques-
tion, that, in my humblejudgment, the hankerings
for political power have so far perverted their judg-
ments as to induce them, to say the least of it, to
lend their aid in putting their country m a false and
humiliating attitude before the world. I envy not
their position. I court not that judgment which
inevitably awaits those who pursue such a course,
at the expense of truth, justice, and patriotism.
I will now proceed to examine briefly the im-
posing charge against the President, that the exist-
ing war is purely an Executive war, commenced
by the President of the United States upon an in-
jured enemy without reason, without authority,
and in gross violation of the Constitution. What
is the proof of this charge? Why, the proof is
this, and this alone, that General Taylor, by order
of the President, marched our troops from Corpus
Christt, on the right bank of the Nueces, to the
left bank of the Rio Grande. This, it is contend-
ed, was a lawless and unconstitutional act of ag-
gression upon Mexican rights.
To sustain this chargc, the argument, if I have
correctly understood it, has ucen placed upon two
grounds. One is, that revolutionary Texas, and
that only, was admitted into the Union—that just
so far, and no farther, as she had maintained her
authority by the sword, her boundary extended.
Almost every gentleman who has reviled the war
as an act of aggression, and unjust, has taken the
same ground. While they all admit, what every-
body knows, that the President was bound to de-
fend the Texas which was admitted into the Union,
they deny that the western boundary of revolu-
tionary Texas—which they contend was the Texas
admitted—extended beyond the valley of the Nue-
ces. What, then, was revolutionary Texas? What
was her western boundary as held by force of her
arms? If that boundary was the left bank of the
Rio Grande, then the argument against the consti-
tutionality of the war, and the charges of usurpa-
tion against the President for commencing it by
acts of aggression, are, by their own admission,
unfounded and calumnious.
The first evidence (and I consider it important,
and entitled to much weight) is that of the gentle-
man, [Mr. Pillsbury,] the Representative of west-
ern Texas upon this floor. He has resided there
for the last ten years, and speaks from his own
personal knowledge and upon his responsibility
as a member of this House. In a speech here, the
other day, he said—and it has not been denied—
"That all attempts at maintaining Mexican posts oast of
the Rio Giande had been frustrated by the Texans, and the
Mexicans driven west of the Rio Grande. No Mexican
forces could maintain themselves, as was frequently at-
tempted; all Texas would have lushed to arms to duve
them back."
Further on, that gentleman says:
Cl That, in every case, the marauding bands that occasion-
ally came into this ten itorv were driven back by 1 he TV vans;
that the forces so stationed were sutficient, with the aid of
the inhabitants, who wore aimed and ready at a moment's
call, for ten lone; years, to drive back those marauder, with
heavy loss, beyond the Rio Grande: that the Texans trav-
elled the eountiy at will, loc<>ted land, and exercised civil
jurisdiction m the inhabited paits, and protected them by a
sufficient military force "
This is the testimony of a gentleman who has
witnessed the whole transaction, and speaks from
his own personal knowledge. Such testimony, in
ordinary cases, would be sufficient. But how is
this statement sustained both by acts of the gov-
ernments of Texas and even of Mexico herself?
Why, sir, triumphantly, fully, incontrovertihly.
When Santa Ana, in 1835, subverted the Mex-
ican federative system, broke down the federal
constitution, and established on its ruins a mili-
tary despotism, with himself at its head, Texas,
true to liberty, true to herself as an independent
State of that confederacy, resumed her original
attributes and rights. She resisted the usurpa-
tions of the despot, at first by earnest remon-
strance, ultimately by the sword. Santa Ana,
deaf to all remonstrance, at the head of the Mexi-
can army, invaded Texas. Horrid scenes of Mex-
ican barbarity followed. In April, 1836, however,
Santa Ana and his army were made prisoners of
war on the battle-field at San Jacinto. What fol-
lowed ? Why, sir, a treaty, on the one part le-
leasing the bloody tyrant and his army; on the
other, guaranteeing to Texas—yes, to Texas,
bounded west by the Rio Grande, from its mouth
to its source—freedom and independence. Bat it
has been said this treaty of Santa Ana was of no
validity, inasmuch as he was a prisoner of war
when he entered into it. Be it so. Yet it has no
less validity i-n establishing the point as to what both
parties—Mexico as well as Texas—considered as
constituting revolutionary Texas. The acts of
Texas show how she considered it. Her declara-
tion of independence and her organic law of 1836,
expressly asserted her western boundary to be the
Rio Grande. Now, couple with this the incon-
trovertible fact, that no Mexican force after that
time was ever permitted, though occasional incur-
sions were made, to remain east of that river, but
were driven back by the Texans, and who can
doubt upon the question, what, in faet, consti-
tuted revolutionary Texas? or, how far she vin-
dicated and maintained her authority by force of
arms?
But Mexico herself has furnished the most con-
clusive evidence, that she regarded all the territory
east of the Rio Grande as a revolted province.
She always so treated it after, if not before, the
battle of San Jacinto. From that time down to
the proclamation of General Woll, at Mier, in
June, 1844, a period of eic;ht years, the whole
country up to the Rio Grande, was defended suc-
cessfully against Mexican invasion. Such is the
evidence. That proclamation was but the echo of
an order of the Supreme Government of Mexico
to General Woll. And what is the language it
speaks upon the point in question? That docu-
ment is as follows:
" Headquarters of the Army of the North,
" Mier, June 20, 1844.
i( I, Adiian Woll, general of brigade, &c., make known :
"1. The armistice agreed on with the department of
Texas having: expired, and the war being, in consequence,
rocommenccd against the inhabitants of that department
all communication with it ceases.
<c2. Every individual, of whatever condition, who may
contravene provisions of the preceding article, shall be re-
garded as a traitor, and shall receive the punishment pre-
scribed m article 45, title 10, treatise 8, of the articles of
war.
" 3. Every individual who may be found at the distance
of one league fiom the left bank of the Itio Bravo will be
regarded as a favorei and accomplice of the usut pers of that
p.Cit of the national territory, and as a traitor to his country ;
and, after a summary military trial, shall receive the said
punishment.
u4. Eveiy individual who may be compiehended within
the piovisions of the preceding article, and may be rash
enough to fly at the sight of any force belonging to the Su-
preme Government, shall be pursued until taken, or put to
death.
" r . Tn consideration of the situation of the towns of La-
redo and Santa Rita do Ampudia, as weil as of all the farm
houses beyond the Rio Bravo, m which remain all the in-
terests of the inhabitants of the line committed to my charge,
I have this day received, from the Supreme Government,
oiders to determine the manner by which those interests
are to be protected; but, until the determination of the Su-
preme Government be received, I warn ail those who are
beyond the limits here prescribed to bring them within the
line, or to abandon them, as those who disobey this order
will infallibly suffer the punishment here established.
"ADRIAN WOLL."
Now, I ask, does not this proclamation, based
upon the orders of the Supreme Government of
Mexico, sustain every word that the gentleman
from Texas has told us, beyond cavil, beyond
successful contradiction, and beyond doubt?
Why, sir, what language could have been used
more strikingly indicative of the fact, that revolu-
tionary Texas extended not to the Nueces merely,
but to the Pvio Grande3 That Mexico knew and.
acknowledged it to be so, is incontrovertihly veri-
fied by the third paragraph of this proclamation.
If the territory between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande was, as gentlemen contend, Mexican terri-
tory, and not included in revolutionary Texas,
why the declaration that " every individual, who
4 may be found at the distance of one league from
' the left bank of the Rio Bravo, [Rio Grande,]
' will be regarded as a favorer and accomplice of
' the usurpers of that part of the national territory,
s and as a traitor to his country?"
Now, admit the fact, which is not disputed, that
two small towns and some few farm-houses were
on the loft bank of the Rio Grande, whose inhabi-
tants adhered in feeling—for I believe they took no
active part in the controversy—to the Mexican
side; and what then? Does that weaken the ar-
gument? Not in the least. Because the Texans
did not follow the example of Mexico, and murder
and pillage the unoffending inhabitants of these
farm-houses and small and defenceless towns, is
that to be set up here by gentlemen, more astute
and sensitive in defending Mexican rights than the
Mexicans themselves are, to outweigh the fact, that
