486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
from the day of the battle of San Jacinto, the foot-
steps of an invading Mexican force never impress-
ed the soil east of the Rio Grande, without being
forthwith met and driven back ?
With these remarks upon this point, I submit it
to the committee and the country whether those who
charge upon the President as having commenced
this war by acts" of unconstitutional aggression
upon Mexico, do not, upon their own admis-
sion—that he was bound to defend revolutionary
Texas—stand convicted of the most unmitigated
calumnies?
But again, it has been contended that the war is
an Executive war—a war of aggression on the part
of the President, inasmuch as the territory west
of the Nueces is disputed territory, claimed both
by Texas and Mexico. It is true Texas has al-
ways asserted since 1836, and, as I contend, main-
tained that assertion by force of arms, that this
territory rightfully constituted a part of her do-
main; while, on the other hand, Mexico—except
by her advocates in this country—has never set up
any particular and distinct claim to it, separate
from the rest of Texas. She claimed the whole,
from the Rio Grande to the Sabine, as a revolted
province. For its subjugation to the central power
of Mexico, she undertook this war against the
United States.
It is not a question here now affecting the con-
stitutionality of the war, so far as the President is
concerned, whetherTexas was rightfully or wrong-
fully admitted. That had been consummated by
the joint act of Texas and the United States; I
shall not discuss it now. I have heretofore given
my views upon that question; those views are un-
changed. I believe Texas was rightfully admitted,
that her ancient and true.boundary extended to
the Rio Grande, and that Mexico has no just cause
of complaint on that account. The only question
now is, what was the President's duty under the
circumstances? What was he bound to do, or
prove recreant to the high trust committed to him
by the American people?
The Texan declaration of independence and her
organic law of 1836, defined and expressly assert-
ed her western boundary to be the llio Grande.
With these boundaries Texas was admitted as one
of the sovereign States of this Union, on the i>9th
of December, 1845, subject, it is true, to a provis-
ion in the joint resolution of our Congress, that
the United States should have the right to settle
all questions of bounchuy with foreign nations.
Now my position is this, that the revolution in
Mexico of December, R;45, with its avowed rea-
sons, pretexts, and designs, was, in substance, one
of the most imposing declarations that she could
possibly make against us, that war was resolved
upon, and to be waged forthwith; that all attempts
to settie fhe boundary question by negotiation were
at an end, and that the sword,and the sword alone,
should settle that matter; that the invasion and
subjugation of the whole State of Texas was, on
the part of Mexico, determined upon, and that it
then became the imperative duty of the President
forthwith to station the army of the United States '
on the very western verge of the territory claimed \
by us, to hold and protect it from the threatened |
invasion until Mexico would negotiate for a settle- I
ment; that he was not only justified in so doin«- i
by the laws of nations—the laws of self-defence— I
but that had he done less, he would have been re- \
creant to his duty and faithless to his high trust. |
Upon this position, with the (acts sustaining it, I
am willing to submit the question to the good sense
of the country.
The joint resolution for annexing Texas to the
United States was passed on the 1st of March
1845. TheMcxican Minister declared thatMexi' 1
co would treat this measure as caws belli. Upon j
its adoption by Congress he immediately demanded ■
his passports and left the country. Manifestations !
of hostility against us were soon exhibited on the j
part of Mexico, of such a character as to induce the '
Government of Texas to call upon the President of
the United Spates for protection. Accordingly our
army was stationed at Corpus Christi for die pur-
pose of more readily repelling an invasion. So far
no °"e here* that I have heard, complains; so far,
the President had not acted the " despot," or the
* lawless usurper;" so far, the Constitution had
not been violated.
W"hat did the President then do, surrounded by
such cncumstances ? Why, sir, anxious to pre-
serve peace and to settle the question without the
effusion of blood, he proposed to Mexico—though
she had withdrawn her minister and assumed hos-
tile and warlike preparations—to treat with her for
the settlement of the question m dispute. Presi-
dent Herrera, then at the head of the Mexican
government, accepted the proposition, and a min-
ister was sent by the President to Mexico, not only
empowered to settle the boundary question, but all
other questions in dispute between the two Govern-
ments. That minister was rejected by Mexico.
And why was he rejected? Sir, the advocates of
Mexico upon this floor, in order to gain a point in
their case against the President, have resorted to
the flimsy and totally unfounded plea, that Mr.
Shdell was rejected because he was sent out as
a permanent minister plenipotentiary to settle not
only the Texas question, but all others between
the two Governments; whereas Mexico had agreed
to receive a special commissioner to settle the Tex-
an difficulty only. But how is the fact? The
American proposition was, an envoy with full
power to adjust all the questions in dispute. The
Mexican acceptance was, one commissioned with
full powers to settle the dispute in a peaceful, reason'
able, and honorable manner.
Sir, do not gentlemen know that this miserable
pettifogging pretence, got up by Mexico as a mere
technical excuse, and adopted by them upon this
floor, and trumpeted forth to the country, and in
derogation of their own Government, and in vindi-
cation of Mexico, had nothing at all to do with
Mr. SlidelPs rejection? Do they not know that
when our Minister, sent out in accordance of an
express agreement between the two Governments,
arrived in Mexico on the 39th of November, that
the Mexican Secretary of State 44 immediately ob-
jected, desiring that he would not go to the capi-
1tal, or even disembark at that time, as his ap-
4 pearance at the capital might prove disastrous
4 to the GovernmentDo they not know that
the Mexican Secretary pretended that the " Mex-
ican Government had been taken by surprise,
and that it " did not expect an envoy from the
5 United States till January, as they were not pre-
pared to receive him," and insultingly "asked,
' what Mr. Slidcll had come for, and who he could be ?"
Sir, had not the time been left optional with our
Government when it would send its envoy ? Sure-
ly it hud. Why, then, this alarm? Why this
pitiful evasion ? Why this insult?
Why, sir, the government of Herrera was then
tottering to its fall. Parcdes was at the head of the
Mexican army, meditating its subversion. As
early as the 14th of December, the army adopted
a manifesto against the government of Ilerreia,
charging his administration that it 44 had rcpoat-
i cdly thwarted the purpose of the army to move
* upon Texas, and at the same time allowed the
4 army to be vilified for its inaction by official jour-
' nals; that ithad admitted a commissioner, (mean-
' ing Mr. Slidcll,) with whom it was endeavoring
' to arrange for the loss of the integrity of the re-
public; that it had reduced the country almost
4to a state of anarchy, in the midst of which it
' existed without revenue, without power, and al-
' most without will; that these evils demanded an
* immediate lemedy, and that the administration
c confessed its j,otal incompetency and powerless-
4 ncss; that it had lost all respectability, so neces-
4 sary to a government, and had allowed a pleni-
4 potentiary of the United States to set foot in the
c country, and reside in the capital, with a view to
4 bargain for the independence and nationality of
* the country, for which have been made so many
4 sacrifices.?>
What followed this manifesto? Paredes marched
his army upon the capital, overthrew the Govern-
ment of Herrera, and caused himself to be installed
supreme dictator.
Now, I ask, why this revolution ? what its cau-
ses5 what its pretexts15 what its alleged objects and
designs? It was not the frivolous technicality that
Mr. Slidell's commission was of this or that charac-
ter; but it was, that Ilerrcra " had thwarted the pur-
pose of the army to move upon Texas;" that he " had
allowed a plenipotentiary of the United States to
set his foot in the country and reside m the capi-
tal, with the view" of settling the Texan question.
These were the watchwords, this the war-cry, by
which the Government was subverted, and Pare-
des invested with absolute power. Who, then, so
stultified by party prejudice—who so blinded by
party phrensy, as not to sec and know, that this was
substantially a declaration of war, and a fixed de-
termination to prosecute it—that the question was
to be settled by the sword, and the sword only?
From that moment the door to all negotiation
upon the subject of our difficulties was barred, and
war, inevitable war, was resolved upon by Mexico.
The pretexts and objects upon which the revolu-
tion was grounded, as set forth in the manifesto of
the 14th of December, show this beyond the power
of cavil. It was, I repeat, as essentially a declara-
tion of war, as though it had been directly and for-
mally declared.
Paredes could not retract; he could not even hold
back. Onward had been his revolutionary war-
cry, and onward he must go. He was bound by
imperative, unyielding necessity, to carry out the
objects of that revolution which had brought him
into power, by a speedy and vigorous prosecution
of the war, not for ihe ieco\ery of the territory be-
tween the Nueces and Rio Grande merely, but all
of Texas, and to entertain no negotiation for the
settlement of a boundary line short of the Sabine.
That Paredes so considered it, what followed uner-
ringly shows. Our Minister was finally rejected^
and returned home. And, in the language of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs,44 General Almonte,
* the Secretary of War, and General Paredes, at
* Mexico, announced that he was 'preparing for
4 the Texas campaign.' Accordingly, loans were
* raised, and large bodies of troops^moved to Tex-
4 as. The public journals of Matamoros, the city
* of Mexico, and Vera Cruz, announced the war;
4 all unattachcd officers of the Mexican troops were
4 ordered to their army on the Bravo for the inva-
4 sion of Texas; and it was said the Mexican war
4 establishment was to be increased to sixty thou-
'sand men. General Arista, suspected of good
4 will to this country, was superseded in command
4 by General Ampudia on the Texas frontier, who
* arrived at Matamoros on the 11th of April, 1846,
4 with two hundred cavalry, followed by two thou-
4 sand men of his reinforcement not far behind, on
4 the way to join the tsvo thousand soldiers already
4 at Matamoros."
Upon the consummation of the military revolu-
tion that raised Paredes to power, with its avowed
purposes and objects, and the consequent rejection
of our Ministei, and the active preparations to
invade and subjugate the whole State of Texas,
what, let me ask, was the President's duty? Why,
sir, to do just what he did do—to station our army
on any part of the territory claimed by the State of
Texas, and included within her organized limits
best calculated to give security to the frontier, and
to take from the enemy his power to injure us.
Why, sir, what do gentlemen mean when they
talk about the territory between the valley of the
j Nueces and the Rio Grande being disputed terri-
!: tory? It was no more so than Corpus Christi
itself. Mexico asserted that Texas had no ter-
ritory independent of her rightful control. The
recovery of that territory by force of arms was the
lever by which the government of Herrera had
been overthrown. For its invasion and recovery,
Paiedeshad sent his armies to the Rio Grande.
The stationing our troops on the Rio Grande only
changed the battle-field from Corpus Christi to
Palo Alto and ttcsaca de la Palma—from the heart
of Texas to the frontier. The stationing the troops
on the Rio Grande had nothing to do with the
commencement of this war, any further than that.
Its causes lay far beyond and behind, in our ac-
knowledgment of Texan independence in 1837,
and her admission into our Union in 1845.
I wish here to make a single reflection. Our
troops were marched from Corpus Christi on the
11th of March, 1846, for the Rio Grande. It was
immediately known here. It was announced in
the public press throughout the country. Where
were gentlemen's scruples?—wheie their consci-
entious sensitiveness as to the aggression upon-
Mexican rights then ? Where their sacred regard for
the Constitution? Where their scathing and worm-
wood denunciations of the aggression? Where
their anathemas of the 44 lawless usurper" and the
(l petty tyrant?" We heard nothing of all this.
Gentlemen looked camly on, without dissenting—
without uttering a single word of disapproval, or
even shadowing forth a single intimation that the
President was committing any act of aggression or
wrong. Yes, sir, it was well known here long
before the battle of Palo Alto, that General Taylor
was encamped opposite Matamoros, not, however,
for the purpose of aggression upon Mexican rights
or Mexican soil, but there to plant and maintain
