1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
480-
into an inquiry as to the causes of this war, or
the conduct of the President, who is charged with
having produced it. I shall also excuse myself
from going into a reply to gentlemen who have
labored so much in heaping abuse upon the Presi-
dent for involving us (as they say) in this war.
You have called it a Presidential war; you have
said it is a war without sufficient justification*, you
have said the President made it. Sir, there is one
reply to all this. I say, upon the question of the
appropriations for the support of the army and the
prosecution of the war, it is unnecessary to go fur-
ther back than to inquire whether this war does
legally and constitutionally exist, and whether we
mean to support it. To go further back is going
behind the record. That inquiry is answered by
the act of Congress; and this is the answer about
all these preliminary causes and the conduct of the
President; it is: that the war is legally and consti-
tutionally declared to exist by the people's Repre-
sentatives here assembled, with only fourteen
dissentients upon this floor. That act will be
found upon the 14th page of the acts of last ses-
sion, corresponding exactly with the number of
dissentients, and was approved on the 14th of
May last. That act declared that war exists be-
tween this country and Mexico. And not only this,
but it goes further, and avers that the conduct of
Mexico herself has produced this state of war. It
doubtless occurrcd to the minds of members ma-
king that declaration that causes existed to justify
the war upon our part; that causes had existed
and did exist that would justify Congress in de-
claring war; and these causes, together with actual
aggressions and hostility on the part of Mexico,
produced this state of war, and Congress declared
its existence. And on the I5th of May, in prompt
pursuance of this duty, under this act, the Presi-
dent issued his proclamation, making known to the
inhabitants of the United States this constitutional
declaration on the part of their Representatives.
Sir, the object of a declaration of a war in this
country, as intended by the Constitution, is to give
notice to the people of the country of the fact that
war exists. According to the established princi-
ples of modern international law, so far as the
rights of nations are concerned, there is no neces-
sity for the declaration of war. I know, that in
former times, it was regarded as necessary. Much
formality was observed in making the declaration:
sometimes it was regarded as necessary to go to the
confincs of the enemy's country, and by herald
proclaim it. But now it is admitted, that between
country and country, it is not necessary to declare
war. The object, therefore, of the provision of the
Constitution, is, first, to notify the people of the
United States; and, second, that the Executive,
when it is thus declared, may go on and discharge
his duty, under the Constitution, which is to pro-
secute the war and conduct it.
The particular bill before us, Mr. Chairman,
was assailed on yesterday by an honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] with
whom I Have the pleasure to serve on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Belonging to the
same committee, and not being able to concur in
the views which he presented, 1 shall take the
liberty (and I could have desired that he had been
in his scat to correct me, should I mistake any
portion of his argument) to reply to his argument,
and make a brief comment upon them.
In the commencement of his remarks, he de-
nounced the bill on account of the length of time
to which the appropriations extended, and he also
came to the conclusion that the bill formed a union
of the purse and sword in the hands of the Exec-
utive. Now, Mr. Chairman, if the appropriation
of money, to be disbursed under the Constitution,
and in the mode pointed out by the laws, be a
union of the sword and purse, then the sword and
purse have been united, constitutionally united,
since the beginning of the Government to the pres-
ent time. Sir, I understand by the union of the
purse and sword as applied to despotic govern- !
ments, that the ruler or sovereign, as he may be
denominated, has the power to collect, to exact j
what moneys he may please from his subjects, and .
then to appropiiate and use them at his pleasure;
at the same time having the power to make war
when he pleases. But is it fair or candid to at-
tempt to confound this principle in despotic gov-
ernments of the union of the sword and purse in
the hands of the Executive authority; to attempt
to confound that with the arrangement under our
Constitution, by which not one cent is taken from
the treasury except by appropriations made by
law? This bill, therefore, instead of forming a
union of the purse and the sword in the hands of
the Executive, in conformity with the Constitu-
tion, appropriates this money, and then, after it is
drawn out of the treasury, it is to be disbursed
according to the provisions of the law, and under
the strict accountability which the law enjoins.
This charge is but a feeble effort to renew and re-
animate the dead, defunct chargcs, which formerly
resounded throughout the country against Andrew
Jackson.
But the gentleman denounced the bill because,
he says, its appropriations run through sixteen
months; and he seemed to intimate, as I under-
stood, that the limitation of two years made upon
an appropriation for the support of the army,
under the Constitution, should correspond with the
duration of two years of the House of Represent-
atives; and hence inferred that our appiopriations
should not extend beyond the term of our own
existence. He admitted, finally, I believe, that
our appropriations at least ought to be limited to
the termination of the present fiscal year: that is,
I he would terminate these appropriations when the
bill wants them to begin; for most of the bill
takes effect only from the commencement of the
next fiscal year, and appropriates for a year af-
terwards. It is true there is a section in the bill
which appropriates for the piesent fiscal year, for
deficiencies in appropriating for the public service.
But from what source the gentleman was able to
come to theconclusion, that the limitation upon the
appropriation to two years meant under certain
circumstances less than two years, I am unable to
conjecture. I never have been able to find any
trace of any such position, in any writer or com-
mentator upon the Constitution. I have exam-
ined the numbers of the Federalist, and I invite
the attention of gentlemen to them, (I cannot read
them) from Nos. 23 to 28 inclusive. They are
commentaries upon the wai power, upon the lais-
mg of armies and appiopriations for their support,
by Alexander Hamilton; and the argument is there
answered that the appropriations made by one
Congress about to expire cannot go beyond its
own limitation, or beyond the end of the fiscal year.
All appropriations must necessarily be made in
advance from the commencement of the fiscal year.
So far from this idea of our power of appropriations
for two years being restricted by the fact of the
near approach of the termination of our existence
as a body here, all the discussions in all the wri-
ters I have referred to, defend the propriety of the
power of appropriating for two years m relation to
the army, (for I believe upon no other subject
than for the support of the army, is such a limita-
tion found in the Constitution.)
But the gentleman, as I understood him, speak-
ing of this monstrous bill," (as he termed it,)
said the British Parliament, with all its character
for omnipotence, could not pass such a bill; that
they could not pass a bill making appropriations
extending bevond a longer period than one year.
I so understood the gentleman, and I should be
sorry if I misstate him. If I do, I shall take pleas-
ure hereafter, if I am so informed, to correct the
statement.*
I may not admire the British Constiiution as
much as the gentleman, or understand its provisions
as well; but I undertake here to assert and declare,
that he is utterly mistaken in saying that there is to
be found anywhere in the British Constitution the
principle that the British Parliament is limited to
one year in making appropriations. Sir, this idea
is not new here. It was advanced and stated, pre-
posterously, too, and attempted to be imposed upon
the American people, while the discussion upon the
adoption of the Federal Constitution was going on.
Objection was then made to the provision of the
Constitution which limits appropriations for the
army to two years; and the assertion was made,
that it exceeded the power granted in the British
Constitution to the British Parliament. Sir, the
incorrectness of the argument was sufficiently ex-
posed at that day, and it ceased to have any influ-
ence. It is now to be levived; and the effort is
again to be made to induce the belief that the power
to make appropriations for two years is a power
which exceeds the limitations imposed upon the
English Parliament. Sir, the fact is, though it is
* Mr. Winthrop was not in his seat at the time.
admitted that the general practice of the British
Parliament is to make appropriations for one year,
yet it is a mere practice, in which they indulge ad
libitum; but it is no constitutional restriction upon
the Parliament. _Now, with a seven years Parlia-
ment, I ask you "if the people of England would
be safer with a limitation of appropriations to one
year than the American people are with a biennial
Congress, where appropriations are not to extend
beyond two years, and which, every two years at
least, must be subject to discussion and decision
by the people ?
Mr. £>. read from the 41st No. of the "Federal-
ist" upon this point:
"Next to the effectual establishment of the Union,.the
best possible precaution against danger fiom standing ar-
mies, i" a limitation of the term for which revenue may be
appropriated to their snppoit. This precaution, the Consti-
tution has prudently added. I will not repeat here the obser-
vations which, [ flatter myself, have placed the subject m a
just and satisiactoiy light. But it may not be improper to
take nonce of an argument against this part of the Consti-
tution, which has boon drawn from the policy and practice
ol Gieat Britain. It is said that the continuance of an aimy
m that kingdom lequire* an annual vote of tin; legislatuie;
whereas the Amenean Constitution has lengthened this
critical period to two years. This is the form in which the
companion is UMially ftatod to the public: but is itaju-t
toim ?—it a t<ur comparison ? Docs the Bi iti-.h Consulu-
tion restrain the ptuhamentarv di-.cietum to one year ? Does
the Amencan ltnpoM' on the Congress appropriations for two
j-caih ? On the contiary, jtc«uim>i be unknown to the autliois
of the fallacy themselves, that the Rim li Constitution tixHsj
no limit whatever to the discretion ot the legislature, and that
tne American ties down the legislatuie to two \eais, as the
longest admissible term. Had the argument fiom the Brit-
ish example been truly stated, it wbuW have stood thus:
the term for which supplies mav beappropnated to the ainiy
establishment, though unlimited by the British Constitution,
has nevertheless m practice been limited, by parliamentary
disci etion, to a &mg!e year. Now, if, in Gieat Britain, where
the House of Commons is elected tor seven yeais; where
so gieat a proportion of the members are ejected b} so small
a proportion of the people; wheiethc electors are so cor-
mpted by the representatives, and the representatives so
coriupted by the Ciown, the ieptes>cnlati\o hod} can pos-
sess a power to make appropriations to the at my lor an in-
definite tenn, without desiring, or without dating to extend
the tetm beyond a single year ; ought not suspicion heiself
to blush, m pietendmif that the Repiv.«> ntatms ot the Uni-
ted >Stites, elected fiech/ by the fhoic bodif of the people
ev«.'iy srej/tf/ year, cannot be safely intuited with a discic-
tion over •such applanations, expressly limited to the shoit
period of t>ro yarn ?
" A bad eaiue seldom fail-* to betray itself. Of this truth,
the management or the opposition to the Federal Govern-
ment is an unvaried exemplification. But among all the
blundeis winch have been commuted, noneisnioie sinking
than the attempt to inhst on that side the prudent jeal-
ousy entci tamed b} the people, of standing armies. The
attempt lias awakened fully the public attention to,that
important subject, and has led to investigations which must
terminate in a thorough asd universal conviction, not only
that the Constitution ha* provided the most effectual guards
against danger from that quarter, but that nothing short of
a Constitution fully adequate to the national defence, and
the preservation of the Union, can save Amenca from as
many standing armies as it mny be split into Slates or Con-
federacies; and from such a ptogiessive augmentation of
these establishments in each, as will render them as bur-
densome to the properties, and ominous to the liberties of
the people, as any e-uabh-hment that can become nrce.-
aiy, under a united and efficient Government, must be tol-
eiuble to the former, and safe to the latter."
Mr. Chairman, it will be found, by reference to
the Madison Papers, vol. 3d, pages 1494-5, that
this subjcct of appropriation for two years under-
went a slight discussion in the Convention:
Wednesday, September 5th.
In Convention, Mr. Brearlv, fiom the Committee of
Eleven, made a fuither leport. ) will onl> read the two
fir.-a clauses •
1. To add to the clause, 'to declare war,' the words,
'and grant letter of masque and repnsal.5
<k2. To add to the clau>e, 'torai-e and support armies,'
the words, c but no appropriation of money to that use ahull
be foi alongei tenn than two years.
Tins repoit being taken up, the first clause was agreed to
nom. con.
To the second clause Mr. Gfrry objected, that it admitted
of appropnatious to an army for two y< ar^, instead of one;
for winch he could not conceive a reason ; that it implied
there was to be a standing at my, which he inveighed against,
as dangerous to libertj—.is unriecosmy, even for so aroat
an extent of country as this—and if neee^aiy, some restric-
tion on the number and duration ought to he provided. Nor
was this a proper time toi such an innovation. The people
would not bear it.
Mi Sherman iemaiked,that the appropriations were per-
mit u d only, not lequned tobefoi two years. As the Legis-
lature is to be biennially elected, it would be inconvenient
to lequire appiopnations to be for one year, as there might
be no ^esMon within the time necessary to renew them.
Tie should himself, he said, like a reasonable lestnction on
the number and continuance of an army m time of peace.
The second clause was then agiecd to, new. con.
The limitation, then, of two years was agreed
upon without restriction, so that if this bill does
go sixteen months, or even two years, from this
day, it is strictly within the limits of the Constitu-
tion. But, as I endeavored to show, the bill only
