1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
chief clerk at a salary of two thousand dollars per
annum, and authorizing said chief clerk to perform
all the functions of the assistant treasurer in the
absence of the latter.
Mr. E. said, that in the absence of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, it had become his
duty to propose this amendment, at the request of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The assistant
treasurer at New York had stated that the duties ojj
Ins office were very arduous, and he desired to
have a competent person in whom he could repose
confidence, and such a one could not be procured
at the salary fixed by law of eight hundred dol-
lars. He had a gentleman with him at this time
who gave his aid in tiansacting the,business of the
Government. He was a gentleman in whom the
assistant treasurer reposed perfect confidence, but
he will not remain for the low salary of eight hun-
dred dollars. The Secretary also stated the pro-
pi iety of authorizing the chief clerk to act as the
assistant treasurer during the absence of the chief.
Mr. NILES expressed his dissatisfaction at the
course which the bill was taking. We had gone
on enlarging the appropriations, appointing new
clerks, and making the bill more extravagant than
when it came from the House. And he desired to
ask the Senator, who was a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance, whether a single reduction had
been recommended or adopted? We had gone on
voting away men and money at a most lavish rate,
and he who was most liberal was most patriotic.
The old-fashioned doctrines of economy, and the
necessity for a vigilant eye, had been entirely lost
sight of. It was "entirely useless for him, or for
any other individual, to attempt to stem the tor-
rent. He had made some efforts to awaken the
attention of the country to the alarming condition
of our finances. While the expenses of the war
were running on to the amount of thirty or forty
millions, instead of suffering this to check our ex-
travagance, we have gone on voting large sums
for objects not connected with the war, but for
building steamships and for other matters, which
will not be required until we are at peace. We
were enlarging our appropriations without regard
to amount j while, on the other hand, we had taken
no step to put a single dollar into the treasury.
This might be a proper appropriation enough, but
he was inclined to think it was too large.
Mr. EVANS said, that as far as he could hear
what had fallen from the Senator from Connecti-
cut, he had inveighed generally against the ex-
travagance of the appropriations in this bill, and
that instead of reducing them, the committee had
enlarged them. It was true they were enlarged;
and it was necessary they should be enlarged to
meet the necessary duties required by the state of
the country. A great many operations were now
going on in addition to the ordinary routine of
public duties, and a number of additional officers
were necessary to carry them on. A multitude of
claims growing out of the war are daily pressing
on the departments, and the most economical mode
of administering the Government was to adjust and
settle these claims promptly.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected to the amend-
ment because it had not been submitted for the
examination of the committee, but had been intro-
duced at the instance of the Secretary of the
Treasury. He could not consent that the duties
of the assistant treasurer of New York, whose ap-
pointment had received the sanction of the Senate,
and who had to give bonds for the security of the
public funds in his hands, should be transferred to
a chief clerk of whom the Senate knew nothing,
and who had not been required to give bonds,
whenever the chief officer found it convenient to be
absent. We had been told that these assistant
treasurers could get along very well with two
clerks at §800 each; and now there was a bill in
the House providing for an increase of the num-
ber, and here there was an attempt to give a salary
of §2,000 to one of them. The better way^ would
be to strike the appropiiation fiom this bill, and
let it go into the bill from the House, so that the
whole might be considered together.
Mr. DICKINSON believed that the public mo-
ney would be more secure, and the public duties
better performed, if the amendment was adopted.
He supposed it was the dictate of prudence to au-
thorize the chief clerk to officiate in the absence of
the chief officer. The assistant treasurer had told
him that on one occasion he received a subpoena to
attend a court at a distance, to which he did not
render obedience. An attachment was accordingly
served upon him, and be was finally taken away
from his office, while there was no one to take his
place. It was to prevent a recurrence of an event
so injurious to the public convenience that the
amendment was intended.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the amendment
by striking out $2,000, arid inserting §1,500.
Mr. BAGBY was in favor of the amendment in
its original form, and thought this was the proper
place for it. The Senator from Connecticut had
correctly said that there was a bill in the other
House which authorized an increase of clerks and
some modifications of the sub-treasury act; but at
this late period of the session, with so many im-
portant measures requiring action, it was not likely
that that bill could be passed. The best economy
was to settle our accounts promptly. A great er-
ror in the practical administration of our Govern-
ment was, to expect competent services to be ren-
dered without competent remuneration.
Mr. ATCHISON said, we had been informed
by the Senator from Maine that this amendment
was offered at the request of the Secretary of the
Tieasury, and that the assistant treasuier of New
York required the appropriation. Why? Be-
cause the person who now occupied the situation
of a confidential clerk would not remain for $800
Now, he did not know of any extraoidinary skill
or acquirements which were required by a clerk
at New Yoik, over all the other clerks of the other
assistant treasurers in other places. There may
be more business done in that city; and it was ne-
cessary that the clerks should be trustworthy. A
high degree of skill, he admitted, was an uncom-
mon quality, but honesty was a common one; and
$800 would purchase as much honesty as $2,000,
although it would not obtain the same amount of
skill. But he did not understand that any great
degree of skill was required at New York. He
had no doubt that persons could be found in New
Vork ready to perform the service for $,800. The
Secretary told us at the last session that $800 was
a sufficient salary. Now, he would rather give
the assistant treasurer another clerk at §800 than
give any one clerk $>2,000. These offices were al-
ways sought after freely, and by competent men;
and, after they had obtained the office, the next
thing was to ask an increase of pay. This was the
experience of every Senator. There was a con-
stant outcry, not only from the heads of depart-
ments, but from the clerks themselves, for an in-
crease of their salaries. If one clerk was not found
sufficient for the duties, he would be always wil-
ling to give another at the same salary.
Mr. EVANS was quite indifferent as to the fate
of the amendment, which he had not offered on
his own responsibility. Last year, lie believed,
the Senator from Missouri had told us that the in-
dependent treasury could be carried on without
any additional expense.
Mr. ATCHISON said he thought so then, and
he thought so now.
Mr. EVANS did not think so then, and did not
think so now. We were not beginning as yet to
feel its operation. He had no doubt there were
honest men enough to be got at §800; but the ob-
ject of the assistant treasuier was, to have a man
with whose fitness he was acquainted, and in whom
he could repose confidence. He wished to obtain
a man of family, of character, of property, so as to
be above the reach of temptation. Doubtless the
gentleman who now filled the office at §800 had
been induced to do so by his attachment to the sys-
tem, and a desire to give his disinterested services
in working out its results. You have given your
assistant treasurer ^4,000. Could you not get one
to take the office for §1,000 ? [A voice: " Yes, for
$500."] Doubtless; but would it not be wiser to
take a competent poison, and give him the ^4,000,
than to give $1 ,000 to a man who would abscond
as soon as he had collected as much of the public
money as would satisfy him ? For himself, how-
ever, he desired to say, that he was so opposed to
the whole subtreasury scheme, that he did not care
how soon it was wrecked.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said the amount of the
argument of the Secretary of the Ireasury, us it
had been presented by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Evans,] seemed to be, that because we had
given the assistant treasurer $4,000, we weie bound
to give another person §2,000 to transact his busi-
ness for him, and divide the responsibility with
him. He was opposed to this. He was desirous
to hold the Secretary to a reasonable allowance to
carry on his scheme, and not to permit an appro-
priation like this to be inserted in tlie bill, in order
to relieve him of any share of responsibility. This
clerk, without having been submitted to the Sen-
ate, without being called on for security, was to
have all the powers of the assistant treasurer con-
fided to him. He could not acquiesce in the pro-
priety of such a course.
Mr. DIX said there was more in the argument
of the Senator from Maine than had been stated by
the Senator from Connecticut. It was not that it
was necessary to give a large salary to the chief
clerk, because we had given a large one to the as-
sistant treasurer. But it was for the purpose of
obtaining an officer of responsibility. The deputy
of the collector of New York, who had no personal
responsibility, received a salary of $2,500, and the
other deputies received $1,500.
Mr. CAMERON said his objection to the prop-
osition was, that it divided the responsibility. It
threw off the responsibility from an officer regu-
larly nominated by the President, and confirmed
by the Senate, on one who was altogether unknown
to us. He thought, therefore, that it would be
better to create two clerks at $800 each, than the
one asked for at $2,000. He was opposed to this
class of high salaried, irresponsible officers. In the
custom-house at Philadelphia, he had seen rather
too many of these filling offices which could be as
well filled at much lower salaries. Doubtless there
were plenty of competent persons in New York
who would? take the duties of the office, and per-
form them faithfully, for a less sum. And he was
sure there were many such in Philadelphia. He
would vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, and if that should be lost, lie would
vote against the amendment.
Mr. EVANS hoped the Senate would proceed,
to vote. No doubt plenty of persons could be foui d
to serve for nothing, relying on a chance to ab-
scond. If by giving a lower salary you appoint a
clerk and force him on the assistant treasurer, and
that clcrk should abscond the next day with half
a million, he would not be responsible, because
you forced the clerk on him.
After a few woids, not distinctly heaid, from
Mr. CASS, Mr. NILES, and Mr. TURNEY, the
question was taken on the amendment of Mr.
Nii.f.s, and decided m the affirmative: Ayes 18,
noes 1G.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to amend the
amendment by striking out that part which gave
authority to the clerk to perform the duties of the
assistant treasurer in his absence.
Mr. EVANS explained, that it was represented
to him that there must be always some one in the
office who was authorized to make transfers of
drafts, or treasury notes, or giving receipts for de-
posites, or other matters, in which the signature of
the assistant treasurer was required, if the chief
officer was away, and there was no one there au-
thorized to affix his signature, it might be produc-
tive of inconvenience both to the Government and
the merchant. He understood it was on that ground
that the amendment was desired.
Mr. NILES thought there was a principle in-
volved in this question, and a very important
one. Our laws do- not recognise this principle of
giving any of the powers of a responsible officer to
one who is not responsible. This, therefore, raises
a great question. A principal officer has been ap-
pointed by the President and Senate, and he has
given bonds for the faithful discharge of his duties;
and we are now asked to make a clerk an attendant
of that officer, without calling on him for bonds,
and without a regular nomination. As for the con-
tingencies which have heen named as requiring
such an attendant, it was the duty of the chief offi-
cer to piovide for them. He ini'/ht, when required
to be absent, sign m blank, and leave these'blank
signatures in the hands of a clerk m whom he had
confidence, to be filled as they might be required.
Mr. DICKINSON considered the remedy sug-
gested by the Senator from Connecticut as worse
than the disease. He knew not why a competent
clerk was to be called on to give bonds because he
received §2,000 instead of $800 a year. The Sen-
ator said the assistant treasurer might provide for
contingencies by signing blanks, and leaving them
to be filled by the"clerk. Was that a correct, a
safe way of doing business ? Was it right that the
chief officer should attach his name to a thing which
he knew nothing about? He would protest against
