494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
any such course, which never originated in any-
thing but what was wrong,and which always tends
to mischief. He would rather,let the law stand as
it was now. Clerics might be got at $800 or $500,
but the assistant treasurer required a man of stand-
ing, of character, of age, and of property.
Mr. TURNEY said that it was proposed to give
power to the clerk to act in the absence of the chief,
and it was contended by the Senator from New
York that the chief was responsible for the acts of
the clerk. He would inquire if the clerk was not
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury; and,
if so, how could the assistant treasurer be made
responsible for a clerk who was not appointed by
him?
Mr. HUNTINGTON repeated that it was in-
tended to appoint a person to exercise the duties
of assistant treasurer, without being regularly ap-
pointed by the President and Senate; and to this
he objected.
The amendment to the amendment was then
agreed to; and the question being on agreeing to
the amendment as amended, it was also agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, then "moved an
amendment, making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the marine hospital and the erection of
a custom-house at New Orleans.
Mri J. stated that the appropriation asked for
had been twice imbodied in a bill which had re-
ceived the sanction of the committee. It had failed
last session for want, of time. Another bill was
introduced this session, from the same committee;
but it was not probable that it would be reached.
A large sum had been expended in the erection of
the marine hospital; and it was now going to de-
cay for want of an appropriation. The amount
asked for is in accordance with the official esti-
mate. Evidence had been produced, years ago,
that the present custom-house was not sufficient
for the business of the port, which produces a very
large revenue to the Government. When it is
considered that a million or thirteen hundred thou-
sand dollars had been expended for a custom-
house in New York, and a large sum in Philadel-
phia, and half a million for furnishing the custom-
house at Boston, he hoped this would not be re-
fused.
Here, on motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill was
laid upon the table.
RELIEF OF IRELAND.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he believed that all
must be aware of the suffering now existing among
the famishing poor of Ireland, and as he believed
it to he our duty as a Christian nation to spare a
poition of that plenty with which a bounteous
Providence has blessed us to our unfortunate bre-
thren of the Emerald Isle, he would give notice that
on to-morrow he should ask leave to bring in a bill
making a contribution in behalf of suffering Ire-
land.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to give notice that to-
morrow, if the Senate was sufficiently full, he should
call up the resolutions he submitted some days
since, during the morning hour, or at some other
hour, if opportunity offered.
Mr. WEBSTER observed that he should prob-
ably adopt the same course in relation to the res-
olutions he had submitted, and perhaps it would
not be improper that both should he before the
Senate at the same time. It was not his purpose,
when he offered the resolutions, to have addressed
the Senate until the pending measure (the three
million bill) had been disposed of; but the discus-
sion had been so protracted that, should the re-
solutions of the Senator from South Carolina be
irtken up, he (Mr. W.) should follow the example
thus set him, and call up his own.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion by Mr. SEYIER, the Senate then
resumed the consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, of the bill making further appropriation
for bringing the existing war with Mexico to a
speedy and honorable conclusion.
Mr. BENTON said-
Mr. President : The Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Calhoun] has boldly made the issue as
to the authorship of this war, and as boldly thrown
the blame of it upon the present Administration.
On the contrary, I believe himself to be the author
of it, and will give a part of my reasons for be-
lieving so. In saying this, I do not consider the
march to the Rio Grande to have been the cause
of the war, any more than I consider the British
march upon Concord and Lexington to have been
the cause of the American Revolution, or the cross-
ing of the Rubicon by Cecsar to have been the
cause of the civil war in Rome. In all these cases,
I consider the causes of war as preexisting, and
the marches as only the effect of these causes. I
consider the march upon the Rio Grande as being
unfortunate, and certainly should have advised
against it if I had been consulted, and that without
the least fear of diminishing my influence in the
settlement of the Oregon question—a fear which
the Senator from South Carolina says prevented
him from interposing to prevent the war which he
foresaw. My opinion of Mr. Polk—and expe-
rience in that very Oregon case has confirmed it—
did not authorize me to conjecture that any one
would lose influence with him by giving him
honest opinions; so I would have advised against
the march to the Rio Grande if I had been con-
sulted. Nor do I see how any opinion adverse
to the President's was to have the effect of les-
sening his influence in the settlement of the Ore-
gon question. That question was settled by us,
not by the President. Half the Democratic Sena-
tors went contrary to the President's opinion, and
none of them lost influence with him on that ac-
count; and so I can see no possible connexion
between the facts of the case and the Senator's rea-
son for not interfering to save his country from the
war which, he says, he saw. His reason to me
is unintelligible, incomprehensible, unconnectible
with the facts of the case. But the march on the
Rio Grande was not the cause of the war; but the
causes of this event, like the causes of our own
revolutionary war, were in progress long before
hostilities broke out. The causes of this Mexican
war were long anterior to this march; and, in fact,
every circumstance of war then existed, except the
actual collision of arms. Diplomatic intercourse
had ceased; commercc was destroyed; fleets and
armies confronted each other; treaties were declared
to be broken: the contingency had occurred in
which Mexico had denounced the existence of
war; the incorporation of Texas, with a Mexican
war on her hands, had produced, in legal contem-
plation, the status belli between the two countries:
and all this had occurred before the march upon
the Rio Grande, and before the commencement of
this Administration, and had produced a state of
things which it was impossible to continue, and
which could only receive their solution from arms
or negotiation. The march to the Rio Grande
brought on the collision of arms; but, so far from
bcinu the cause of the war, it was itself the effect
of these causes. The Senator from South Caro-
lina is the author of those causes, and therefore the
author of the war; and this I propose to show, at
present, by evidence drawn from himself—from
his public official acts—leaving all the evidence de-
rived from other sources, from private and unoffi-
cial acts, for future production, if deemed neces-
sary.
The Senator from South Carolina, in his effort
to thiow the blame of the war upon the President,
goes no further back in his search for causes than
to this march upon the Rio Grande: upon the
same principle, if he wrote a history of the Ameri-
can Revolution, he would begin at the march upon
Lexington and Concord, leaving out of view the
ten years work of Lord North's Administration.
No, the march upon the Rio Grande was not the
cause of the war: had it not been for preexisting
causes, the arrival of the American army on the
Mexican frontier would have been saluted with
military courtesy, according to the usage of all civil-
ized nations, and with none so much as with the
Spaniards. Complimentary visits, dinners, and fan-
dangos, balls—not cannon balls—would have been
the salutation. The causes of the war are long an-
terior; and I begin with the beginning, and show
the Senator from South Carol ma an actor from the
first. In doing this, I am acting in defence of the
country, for the President represents the country.
The Senator from South Carolina charges the war
upon the President: the whole opposition follow
him: the bill under discu^&ion is forgotten; crimi-
nation of the President is now the object; and in
that crimination, the country is injured by being
made to appear the aggressor in the war. This is
. my justification for defending the President, and
showing the truth that the Senator, in Ins manner
! of acquiring Texas, is the true cause of the war.
. The cession of Texas to Spain in 1819 is thebe-
: ginning point in the chain of causes which have led
to this war; for unless the country had been ceded
away, there could have been no quarrel with any
Power in getting it back. For a long time the ne-
gotiator of that treaty of cession [Mr. J. Q,. Adams]
bore all the blame of the loss of Texas; and his
motives for giving it away were set down to hostil-
ity to the1 south and west, and a desire to clip the
wings of the slaveholding States. At last the truth
of history has vindicated itself, and has shown who
was the true author of that mischief to the south
and west. Mr. Adams has made a public decla-
ration, which no one controverts, that that cession
was made in conformity to the decision of .Mr.
Monroe's cabinet, a majority of which was slave-
holding, and among them the present Senator from
South Carolina, and now the only survivor of that
majority. Pie does not contradict the statement of
Mr. Adams: he, therefore, stands admitted the co-
author of that mischief to the south and west
which the cession of Texas involved, and to escape
from which it became necessary, in the opinion of
the Senator from South Carolina, to get back Tex-
as at the expense of war with Mexico. This con-
duct of the Senator in giving away Texas when we
had her, and then making war to get her back,
is an enigma which he has never j^et condescended
to explain, and which,until explained, leaves him
in a state of self-contradiction, which, whether it
impairs his own confidence in himself or not, must
have the effect of destroying the confidence of
others in him, and wholly disqualifies him for the
office of champion of the slaveholding States. It
was the heaviest blow they had ever received,
and put an end, in conjunction with the Missouri
compromise, and the permanent location of the
Indians west of the Mississippi, to their future
growth or extension as slave States beyond the
Mississippi. The compromise, which was then
in full progress, and established at the next ses-
sion of Congress, cut off the slave States from
all territory north and west of Missouri, and
south of thirty-six and a half degrees of north lati-
tude: the treaty of 1819 ceded nearly all south of
that degree, comprehending not only all Texas,
but a large part of the valley of the Mississippi on
the Red river and the Arkansas, to a foreign Pow-
er, and brought a non-slaveholding empire to the
confines of Louisiana and Arkansas: the perma-
nent appropriation of the rest of the territory for
the abode of civilized Indians swept the little slave-
holding territory west of Arkansas and lying be-
tween the compromise line and the cession line;
and left the slaveStates without one inch of ground
for their future growth. Nothing was left. Even
the then Territory of Arkansas was encroached,
upon. A breadth of forty miles wide, and three
hundred long was cut off from her, and given to
the Cherokees; and there was not as much slave
territory left west of the Mississippi as a dove
could have rested the sole of her foot upon. It
was not merely a curtailment, but a total extinc-
tion of slaveholding territory; and done at a time
when the Missouri controversy was raging, and
every effort made by northern abolitionists to stop
the growth of slave States.# The Senator from
South Carolina, in his support of the ccssion of
Texas, and ceding a part of the valley of the Mis-
' sissippi, was then the most efficient ally of the
restrictionists at that time, and deprives him of the
right of setting up as the champion of the slave
States now. I denounced the sacrifice of Texas
then, believing Mr. Adams to have been the au-
thor of it: I denounce it now, knowing the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to be its author: and for
this—his flagrant recreancy to the slave interest in
their hour of utmost peril—I hold him disqualified
I for the officc of champion of the fourteen slave
] States, and shall certainly require him to keep out.
| of Missouri, and to confine himself to his own baili-
! wick, when he comes to discuss his string ofreso-
j lutions.
| I come now to the direct proofs of the Senator's
i authorship of the war: and begin with the year
: 1830, and with the month of May of that year,
; and with the 27th day of that month, and with the
1     
! * At the Presidential election of 1831, the northern Ptates
i voted piotty much m a body for Mr. Calhoun, as Vice Presi-
dent, sivmsr him near the same vote which the} gave Mr.
Adams'for Pi esident. Tim*:
For Mr. Adams. For Mr. Calhoun.
New Hampshiie  8  7
Massachusetts 15 15
Rhode Island    4.....  3
Vermont  7  7
New Yoik 2J 29
