496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
" In any emergency that may occur, care wiii be taken
that the commanders of the naval arid military forces of
the TJmted States shall be properly instructed. Your re-
quest that they may be placed under your control cannot be
gratified."
This is very constitutional and proper language;
and if it had not been reversed, there would have
been no war with Mexico. But it was reversed.
Soon after it was written, the present Senator from
South Carolina took the chair of the Department
of State. Mr. Pinckney Henderson, whom Mr.
Murphy mentions as coming on with full powers,
on the faith of the pledge he had given, arrived
also, and found that pledge entirely cancelled by
Mr. Tyler's answer through Mr. Nelson; and he
utterly refused to treat. The new Secretary was
in a strait; for time was short, and Texas must be
had; and Messrs. Henderson and Van Zandt would
not even begin to treat without a renewal of the
pledge given by Mr. Murphy. That had been can-
celled in writing, and the cancellation had gone to
Texas, and had been made on high constitutional
ground. The new Secretary was profuse of verbal
assurances, and even permitted the ministers to
take down his words in writing, and read tliem over
to him, as was shown by the Senator from Texas,
[General Houston,] when he spoke on this subject
on Thursday last. But verbal assurances, or me-
moranda of conversations, would not do. The in-
structions under which the ministers acted required
the pledge to be in writing, and properly signed.
The then President, present Senator from Texas,
who had been a lawyer in Tennessee before he
went to Texas, seemed to look upon it as a case
under the statute of frauds and perjuries—a sixth
case added to the five enumerated in that statute—
in which the promise is notvrffid, unless reduced
to writing, and signed by the person to be charged
therewith, or by some other person duly autho-
rized by hint to sign for him. The firmness of the
Texian ministers, under the instructions of Presi-
dent Houston, prevailed; and at last, and after long
delay, the Secietaiy wiotc, and signed the pledge
which Murphy had given, and ill all the amplitude
of his original promise. That letter was dated
on the nth day of April, 1844, and was in these
words?:
« G.-ntt.emen : The letter addressed by Mr. Van Zandt
to the late SecicUuv of State, Mr. ITpshtn, to which you
have called my audition, dated Washington, 17lh J.inuaiy,
1M1, has been lanl belore the President of the United
States.
In reply to it, I am directed by the President to say that
the Secieiaiv ot tin: Navy ha* been instructed to order a
btroni- nuv.il toire to eoneeiitrate in the Gulf of Meueo, to
liieet^any omemenc\ ; <md that simiLu ordcM have been
issued l>\ the Seeretan ot Wni, to mo\e the deposable mil-
itary |ore< -  on our t-outhwe^tem fionftei, for the name pur-
po^e. Should the o.\ii>eney au-e to winch vou refer in votu
note to Mi. Up^lna, J am (uitiiei dnected by the Pi evident
to sin , thatdumi" tin: prndent > of the heatv of annexation,
ho would deem it his duty to n-e ;i!l the mean^ placed with-
in hH povvet by tho Constitution to pioteet Texas fioiu all
loreign mv.wion. I have the honor to be, &.e."
This is the answer given by Mr. Secretary Cal-
houn to the demand; and, although a little delphic
m it? specification of the emergencies and the exi-
gencies in which oui forces wcie to fight the Mexi-
cans, yet, taken in connexion with the terms of
the letter to which it was an answer, and to which
it refers, it is sufficiently explicit to show that it is
a clear and absolute promise to do the thins; which
Murphy had promised, and which President Ty-
ler, through the Attorney General, (Mr. Nelson,)
had refused to do, because it involved a violation
of the Constitution of the United States. The
piomise wa.s clear and explicit to lend the army
and navy to the President of Texas, to fight the
Mexicans while they were at peacc with us. That
was the point—at peacc with us. Mr. Calhoun's
assumpsit was clear and explicit to that point; for
the cases m which they were to fight were to be be-
foi e the ratification of the treaty by the Senate, and
consequently before Texas should be in our Union,
and could be constitutionally defended as a part of
it. And, that no circumstance of contradiction or
folly should be wanting to crown this plot of crime
and imbecility, it so happened that on the same day
that our new Secretary here was giving his writ-
ten assumpsit to lend the army and navy to fight
Mexico while we were at peace with her, the agent
Murphy was communicating to the Texian Gov-
ernment, in Texas, the refusal of Mr.^ Tyler,
through Mr. Nelson, to do so, because of its un-
constitutionality. Here is the letter of Mr. Mur-
phy:
"Sir: The undersigned, char£6 d'affaires of the United
States near the Government of the iepublic of Texas, has
the honor of'informing Mi. Jones, that whilst bis Govern-
ment approves of the general tone and tenor of bi«? inter-
course with the Government of the republic of Texas, a re-
gret is felt in perceiving that his zeal tor the accomplishment
of obects alike beneficial and interesting to both countries
had led him beyond the strict line of his instructions; that
the Presidentof the United States considers himself restrain-
ed by tiie Constitution of the Union fiom the employment of
the aimy and navy against a foreign Power with whom the
United States are atp>ace; and that whilst the Presidentof
the United States is not indisposed, as a measure of prudent
precaution, and as prehminaiy to the proposed negotiation,
to concentrate m the Gulf of Mexico and on the southern
borders of the United States a sufficient naval and mihtaiy
force, to be directed to the defence of the inhabitants and
teintory ot Texas at a proper time, he is unwilling that the
authorities of Texas should apprehend that he has power to
employ this force at the period indicated in my note to you
ot the 14th ot Februaiy last."
In conformity with the Secretary's letter of
April 11th, detachments of the army and navy
were immediately sent to the frontiers of Texas,
and to the coast of Mexico. The Senator from
South Carolina, in his colloquy with the Senator
from Texas [Gen. Houston] on Thursday last,
seemed anxious to have it understood that these
land and naval forces were not to repel invasions,
but only to report them to our Government, for its
report to Congress. The paper read by the Sen-
ator from Texas, consisting of our Secretary's
words, taken down in his presence, and read over
to him for his conection by the Texian Ministers,
establishes the corftrary; and shows that there-
pulse of the invasion was in the meantime to be
made. And in fact, any other course would have
been a frnud upon the promise. For, if the inva-
sion had to be made known at Washington, and
the sense of Congress taken on the question of re-
pelling it, certainly, in the meantime, the mischief
would have been done—the invasion would have
been made; and, therefore, to be consistent with
himself, the President in the meantime was bound
to repel the invasion, without waiting to hear what
Confess would say about it. And this is what
he himself tells us in his two messages to the Sen-
ate, of the 15th and 31st of May, doubtless written
by his Secretary of State, and both avowing and
justifying his intention to fight Mexico, in case of
invasion, while the treaty of annexation was de-
pending, without awaiting the action of Congress.
Here are extracts from these messages:
15f/i of May.—Extract.
" At the same time, it is due to myself that I should de-
clare it as, my opinion, that the United State* bavins, by the
treaty ol annexation, acquired a title to Texas, which re-
quiie* only the jution ot the Senate to perfect it, no other
powei could he pci nutted to invade, and, by lorce ot arms,
to itseii of any pottion ot the teintoiyof Texas,
pending your delibeintions- upon the treaty, without placing
ilsell in a hostile attitude to the United States, and justify-
ing the employment of any imlitaiy means at our disposal to
drive Ini'-k tiie invasion."
Message, .'ils£ of May.— Extract.
" In my nie^a^e to the Senate of the Iflth of this month,
I adverted to the duty which, in my judgment, the s-iguatuie
of the tieafv for the annexation ofTexas had imposed upon
me, to lepel di.y inva-ion of thatcountiy by a foienrn Power,
while the treaty uas under coii*hlciaiumiu the Senate; and
J traiiMintfed icpmts fiom the Secietauesot Wai and of the
Navy, u ith a copy of the otders which had been issued from
those (Icp.utments fortius purpose ot enabling me to execute
that duly. In those orders, General Taylor was directed to
communicate directly with tho President ofTe\as upon the
subject, and Captain Connor was instructed to communicate
with the ehaiy6 d'aflaiiesoi the United States aceiedited to
that Government. No copy of any communication which
either of tho-o officers may have made pun-uaut to those
oiders has yet been received at the departments from winch
they emanated."
Here are the avowals of the fact, and the reasons
for it—that honor requiied us to fight for Texas,
if we intrigued her into a war. I admit that would
be a good reason between individuals, and in a case
j where a big bully should involve a little fellow m
the fight again after he hod got himself parted; but
not so between nations, and under our Constjtu-
: tion. The engagement to fight Mexico for Texas,
' while wc were at peace with Mexico, was to make
war with Mexico!—a piece of business which be-
1 longed to the Congress, and which should have
: been referred to them! and which, on the contrary,
! was concealed from them, though in .-session, and
! present! and the fact only found out after the
l troops had marched, and then by dmtot calls from
; the Senate.
: The proof is complete that the loan of the land
| and naval forces was to fight Mexico while we
, were at peace with her ! and this becomes a grreat
; turning point in the history of this war. With-
; out this pledge given by our Secretary of State—
i without his reversal of Mr. Tyler's first decision—
i there could have been no war ! Texas and Mexi-
i co would have made peace, and then annexation
would have followed of itself. The victor of San
Jacinto, who had gone forth and recovered by the
sword, and erected into a new republic the beau-
tiful domain given away by our Secretary in 1819 
was at the head of the Texas Government, and
was successfully and honorably conducting his
country to peacc and acknowledged independence.
If let alone, he would have accomplished his ob-
ject ; for he had already surmounted the great
difficulty of the first step—the armistice and 'the
commencement of peace negotiations; and under
the powerful mediation of Great Britain and
France, the establishment of peacc was certain.
A heavenly benediction rests upon the labors of
the peace-maker; and what is blessed of God
must succeed. At all events, it does not lie in
the mouth of any man—and least of all, in the
mouth of the mischief-maker—to say that the
peaceful mediation would not have succeeded. It
was the part of all men to have aided, and wished,
and hoped for success; and had it not been for our
Secretary's letter of April 13th, authentic facts
warrant the assertion that Texas and Mexico
would have made peace in the spring of 1844.
Then Texas would have come into this Union as
naturally, and as easily, and with as little offence
to anybody, as Eve went into Adam's bosom in
the garden of Eden. There would have been no
more need for intriguing politicians to get her in,
by plots and tricks, than there was for some old
hag of a match-making beldame, with her arts
and allurements, her philters and her potions, to
get Eve into Adam's bosom. And thus, the break-
ing up of the peace negotiations becomes the great
turning point in the problem of the Mexican war.
The pledge of the 11th of April being signed, the
treaty was signed t and being communicated to the
Senate it was rejected: and the great reason for the
rejection was that the ratification of the treaty
would have been WAR with Mexico! an act
which the President and Senate together, no moie
than President Tyler and his Secretary of State
together, had the power to make.
The treaty of annexation was signed, and in
signing it the Secretary knew that he had made
war with Mexico. No less than three formal
notices were on file in the Depaitment of State, in
which the Mexican Government solemnly declared
that it would consider annexation as equivalent to
a declaration of war; and it was in allusion to these
notices that the Secretary of State, in his notifica-
tion to Mexico of th'e signature of the treaty, said
it had been signed in full view of all possible
consequences! meaning war as the consequence 1
At the same time, he suited the action to the word;
he sent oil' detachments of the army and navy,
and placed them under the command of President
Houston, and made him the judge of theemergencies
and exigencies in which they were to fight. This
authority to the President of Texas was continued
in full force until after the rejection of the treaty,
and then only modified by placing the Ameri-
can diplomatic agent in Texas between President
Houston and the naval and military commanders,
and making him the medium of communication
between a foreign President and our forces; but
the forces themselves were not withdrawn. They
remained on the Texian and Mexican frontier,
waiting for the exigencies and emergencies in which
they were to fight. During all that time a foreign
President was commander-in-chief of a large de-
tachment of the army and navy of the United
States. Without a law of Congress—without a
nomination from the Piesident and confirmation
by the Senate—without citizenship—without the
knowledge of the American people—he was presi-
dent general of our land and sea forces, made so
by the Senator from South Carolina, with authori-
ty to fight them against Mexico with whom we
were at peace—an office and authority rather above
that of lieutenant general!—and we are indebted
to the forbearance and prudence of Piesident Hous-
ton for not incurring the war in 3S44, which fell
upon us in 1846. This is a point—this secret and
lawless appointment of this president general to
make war upon Mexico, while we were at peace
with her—on which I should like to hear a con-
stitutional argument from the Senator from South
Carolina, showing it to be constitutional and prop-
er, and that of the proposed lieutenant general
unconstitutional and improper, and upon which he
has erected himself into the foreman of the grand
jury of the whole American people, and" pro-
nounced a unanimous verdict for them before he
