THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY
BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress
, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1847.
New Series No. 32.
had time to hear from the ten-thousandth part of
them.
The treaty was rejected by the Senate; but so
apprehensive was the Senator of immediate war,
that, besides keeping the detachments of the army
and navy at their posts, a messenger was despatch-
ed with a deprecatory letter to Mexico, and, as
report said, the offer of a large sum of money to
purchase pcacc from her, by inducing her to treat
for a boundary which would leave Texas within
our limits. This was report: and I would not
mention it, if the Senator was not present to con-
tradict it, if not correct. Report at the time said
from five to ten millions of dollars: from one of
Mr. Shannon's letters, we may set it down at ten
millions. Be it either sum, it will show that the
Senator was then secretly willing to pay an im-
mense sum to pacify Mexico, although he now
declares that he does not know how he will vote
in relation to the three millions responsibly askeu
by Mr. Polk.
The Secretary knew that he had made war with
Mexico—that in accepting the gage three times
laid down, he had joined an issue which that com-
pound of Celticand Roman blood, called Spanish,
would redeem. I knew it, and said it on this
floor, in secret session—for I did not then choose
to say it in public—that if there was but one man
of that blood in all Mexico, and he no bigger than
General Tom Thumb, he would fight. "Senators
will iccollectit. [Mr. Mangum nodded assent.]
I now come to the last act in this tragedy of
errors—the alternative resolutions adopted by
Congress in the last days of the session of 1844-
'45, and in the last moments of Mr. Tyler's
Administration. A resolve, single and absolute,
for the admission of Texas as a State of this
Union, had been made by the House of Repre-
sentatives; it came to this body; and an alternative
resolution was added, subject to the choice of the
President, authorizing negotiations for the admis-
sion, and appropriating $100,000 to defray tlie
expenses of these negotiations. A Senator fiom
North Carolina, not now a member of this body,
but who I have the pleasuie to see sitting near
mo, [Mr. Haywood,] knows all about that alter-
native resolution, and his country owes him good
thanks for his labors about it. it was considered
by everybody, that the choice between these reso-
lutions belonged to the new President, who had
been elected with a special view to the admission
of Texas, and who was already in the city, await-
ing the morning of the 4th of March to enter upon
the execution of his duties, and upon whose Ad-
ministration all the evils of a mistake in the choice
of these resolutions were to fall. We all ex-
pected the question to be left open to the new
President; and so strong was that expectation,
and so strong the feeling against the dccency or
propriety of interference on the part of the ex-
piring- Administration, to snatch this choice out
of the hands of Mr. Polk, that, on a mere sug-
gestion of the possibility of such a proceeding,
in a debate on this floor, a Senator standing m the
relation peisonally, and politically, and locally to
feel for the honor of the then Secretary of State,
declared they would not have the audacity to do
it. Audacity was his word: and that was the dec-
laration of a gentleman of honor and patriotism,
iio longer a member of this body, but who has
the respect and best wishes of all whoever knew
him. I speak of Mr. McDufKe, and quote his
words as heard at the time, and as since printed |
and published by others. Mr. McDufne was mis- j
taken! They did have the audacity! They did !
do it, or rather, HE did it, [looking at Mr. Cal- !
houn;] for it is incontestable that Mr. Tyler was !
nothing, in anything that related to the Texas
question, from the time of the arrival of his Secre-
tary of State. His last act, in re^tion to Texas,
was the answer which Mr. Nelson gave for him j
through the agent, Murphy, denying his right to 1
lend our forces to the President of Texas to fight
the Mexicans while we were at peace with them:
the reversal of that answer by his new Secretary
was the extinction of his power over the Texas
question. He, the then Secretary of State, the
32
present Senator from South Carolina, to whom I
address myself, did it. On Sunday, the second day
of March,—that day which preceded the last day
of hisauthority—and on that day, sacred to peace—
the council sat that acted on the resolutions;—
and in the darkness of a night howling with the
storm, and battling with the elements, as if Heaven
warred upon the audacious act, (for well do I re-
member it,) the fatal messenger was sent off which
carried the selected resolution to Texas. The exit
of the Secretary from office, and the start of the
messenger from Washington, were coetaneous—
twin acts—which come together,and will be remem-
bered together. The act was then done: Texas was
admitted: all the consequences of admission were
incurred—and especially that consequence which ;
Mr. de Bocanegra had denounced, and which our !
Secretary had accepted—WAll. The state of war !
was established—the status belli was created—and '
that by the operation of our own Constitution, as |
well as by the final declaration of Mexico: for Texas
then being admitted into the Union, the war with
her extended to the whole Union; and the duty
of protecting her, devolved upon the President of
the United States. The selection of the absolute
resolution exhausted our action: the alternative
resolution for negotiation was defunct; the only
mode of admission was the absolute one, and it
made war. The war was made to Mr. Polk's
hands: his Administration came into existence
with the war upon its hands, and under the con-
stitutional duty to protect Texas at the expense of
war with Mcxico: and to that point, all events j
rapidly tended. The Mexican Minister, General i
Almonte, who had returned to Washington city |
after the rejection of the treaty of annexation, de- j
manded his passports, anil left the United States, j
The land forccs whi«h had been advanced to the j
Sabine, were further advanced to Corpus Chnsti: ,
theMexican troops moved towaids the Rio Grande: ;
the fleet which remained at Vera Cruz, continued ]
there: commerce died out: the citizens of each'
country left the other, as far as they could: angry ,
denunciations filled the press of each country: and j
when a minister was sent from the United States,
his reception was refused. The state of war ex-
isted legally: all the circumstances of war, except
the single circumstance of bloodshed, existed at
the accession of Mr. Polk; and the two countries,
Mexico and the United States, stood in a relation
to each other impossible to be continued. The
march upon the Rio Grande brought on the con-
flict—made the collision of arms—but not the war.
The war was piepared, organized, established by (
the Secretary of State, before he left the depart- '
ment. It was his legacy to the Democracy, and j
to the Polk Administration—his last gift to thorn, j
in the moment of taking a long farewell. And ;
now he sets up for a man of peace, and throws all j
the blame of war upon Mr. Polk, to whom ho be- ;
queathed it. !
Cicero says that Antony, flying from Rome to '
the camp of C<bsar in Cisalpine Gaul, was the !
cause of the civil war which followed—as much so
as Helen was of the Tiojan war. Ut Helena Tro-
janis, mc hie huic relpublica causa belli—causa pestls
at que cxitiifuit. He says that that flight put an
end to all chance of accommodation; closed the
door to all conciliation; broke up the plans of all
peaceable men; and by inducing Cresar to break
up his camp in Gaul, and march across the Rubi- j
con, lit up the flames of civil war in Italy. In like ,
manner, I say that the flight of the winged nies- 1
senger from this capital on the Sunday night be-1
fore the 3d of March, despatched by the then j
Secretary of State, in the expiring moment of his !
power, and bearing his fatal choice to the capital
of Texas, was the direct cause of the war with 1
Mexico in which we are now engaged. Like the \
flight of Antony, it broke up the plans of all :!
peaceable men, slammed the door upon negotia- ■]
tion, put an end to all chance for accommodation, !■
broke up the camp on the Sabine, sent the troops \ >
towards Mexico, and lit up the war. Like Antony
and Helen, he made the war; unlike Antony, he |
does not stand to it; but, copying rather the con- ,|
duct of the paramour of Helen, he flies from the "
combat he has provoked ! and, worse than Paris,
he endeavors to draw along with him, in his own
unhappy flight, the whole American host. Paris
fled alone at the sight of Menelaus : the Senator
from South Carolina urges us all to fly at the sight
of Santa Ana. And, it may be, that worse than
Paris again, he may refuse to return to the field.
Paris went back under the keen reproach of Hec-
tor, and tried to fight.
For thee the soldier bleeis, the matron mozirn$>
J2nd wasteful war in all its fury burns
Stung with this just and keen rebuke—this vivid
picture of the ruin he had made—Paris returned to
the field, and tried to fight: and now, it remains to
be seen whether the Senator from South Caro-
lina can do the same, on the view of the ruin which
he has made: and, if not, whether he cannot, at
least, cease to obstruct the arms of others—cease
to labor to involve the whole army in his own un-
manly retreat.
Upon the evidence now given, drawn from his
public official acts alone, he stands the undisputed
author and architect of that calamity. History
will fo write him down. Inexorable History,
with her pen of iron and tablets of brass, will so
write him down: and two thousand years hence,
and three thousand years hence, the boy at his
lesson shall learn it in the book, that as Helen was
the cause of the Trojan, and Antony the caus6 of
the Roman civil war, and Lord North made the
war of the Revolution, just so certainly is John
C. Calhoun the author of the present war between
the United States and Mexico.
He now seta up foi the character of pacificator—
with what justice, let the further fact proclaim
which I now expose. Three hundred newspapers,
in the summer of 1H44, in the pay of the Admin-
istration and Dcpaitment of State, spoke the senti-
ments of the Department of State, and pursued as
traitors to the United States all who were for the
peaceable annexation of Texas by settling the
boundary line of Texas with Mcxico simultane-
ously with the annexation. Here is the instruc-
tion under which the three hundred acted:
'•'As the'"conductor of the official journal liere, he has re-
quested me to ;tn*Yver it, (youi letter,) which request I com-
ply with readily."
* *■ * * * * * *
" tVith rc;rard to the course of your paper, you can take
the tone of the Admim.-dration front the ***■**.£
think, howevei, and would recommend that you would con-
fine yourself to attacks upon Benton, showing that he has
allied himself with t:ie Whisrson the Texas question. Quote
Jackson's letter on Tevas, wheie he denounces all those as
tiaitors to the count y who oppose the tieaty. Apply it to
Bcnt'm. Proclaim that Benton, by attacking Mi. Tj ler and
Ins fiirnd-:. and duvmg them fiom the party, aiding the
clechou O' Mr. Ci.iy; and charge Imu with doing this to de-
feat Mr. Polk, and msa." hiin*r.lf th>3 succession m 1848;
and claim that full jut-fiee bo done lo the act;* and motives
of John Tyh-r by the leaders. Ilajp upon the>e strings. Do
not jiioposo the union; 4 it is the business ot the Democrats
to do tin.--, .ind arrange it lo our perfectsatisfaclion.' Iqticte
here f, oin om leading f.i.-nd af the South. Such is the oouise
which 1 iccommewl, and which you can pursue or not, ac-
cording to your ical attachment to the Administration."
"Lookout for my leader of to-morrow a<< an indicator,
and .-eii.ud this letlei as of tue most bluet and inviolate con-
fid •'ice ot chaiactei."
I nK'ke no comment on this letter, nor read the
other parts of it: a time will come for that. It is an
original, and will keep, and will prove itself. I
merely road a paragraph now to show with what
justice the person who was in the Department of
State when these three hundred newspapers in its
pay were thus attacking the men of peace, now sets
up for the character of pacificator !
Mr. Calhoun. Does lie intend to say that I
ever wrote such a letter?
Mr. Benton. I read it. I say nothing.
Mr. Calhoun. I never wrote such a letter as
that!
Mr. Buxton. I have not said so.
Mr. Calhoun. I take this occasion to say
that I never exercised the slightest influence over
that paper. I never had the slightest connexion
with it. I never was a subscriber to it, and I very
rarely read it.
Mr. Benton. It was the work of one of the
organs of the Administration, not John Jones, not
the Madisonian: and the instruction was followed
