498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
by three hundred newspapers in the pay of the
Department of State.*
I have now finished what I proposed to say, at
this time, in relation to the authorship of this war.
I confine myself to the official words and acts of
the Senator, and rely upon them to show that he, j
and not Mr. Polk, is the author of this calamity. !
But, while thus presenting him as the author of i
the war, I do not believe that war was his object, ;
but only an incident to his object; and that all his ,
conduct in relation to the admission of Texas re-
fers itself to the periods of our Presidential elec- |
tions, and to some connexion with those elections, i
and explains his activity and inactivity on those i
occasions. Thus, in May, 1836, when he was m .
such hot and violent haste for immediate admission, i
the election of that year was impending, and Mr. ■
Van Buren, the Democratic candidate; and if the |
Texas question could then have been brought up,
he might have been shoved aside just as easily as ;
he was afterwards in 1844. This may explain his
activity in 1836. Tn 1840, the Senator from South
Carolina was a sort of a supporter of Mr. Van |
Buren, and might have thought that one good turn j
deserves another; and so nothing was said about j
Texas at that election—dangerous as %vas the least i
delay four years before: and this may explain !
the inactivity of 1840. The election of 1844 was j
coming on, and the Senator from South Caro- j
Una was on the turf himself; and then the Texas
question, with all its dangers and alarms, which
had so accommodatingly postponed themselves for
seven good years, suddenly woke up; and with an
activity and vigor proportioned to its long repose.
Instant admission, at all hazards, and at the ex-
pense of renewing hostilities between Mexico and
Texas, and involving the United States in them,
became indispensable—necessary to our own sal-
vation—a clear case of self-defence; and then com-
menced all those machinations which ended in the
overthrow of Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Clay for
the Presidency, and ill producing the present war '
with Mexico; but without making the Senator
President. And this may explain his activity in
1844. Now, another Presidential election is"ap-
proaching; and if there is any truth in the rule
which interprets certain gentlemen's declarations
by their contraries, he will be a candidate ajam;
and this may explain the reason of the production
of that string of resolutions which the Senator laid
upon the lable last week; and upon which he has
required us to vote instantly, as he did in tin: .sud-
den Texas movement of Irsjfi, and with the same
magisterial look ami attitude. The Texas slave
question has gone by—the Florida slave question
has gone by—there is no chance for it now in any
of its old haunts: hence the necessity for a new
theatre of agitation, even if we have to go ;is tar as
California for it, and before we have got Call for- ;
nia. And thus, all the Senator's conduct in rela-
tion to Texas, though involving his country in I
war, may have had no other object than to govern
a Presidential election. ' °
Our northern fiienils have exceeded my hopes 1
and expectations in getting themselves and the
Union safe through the Texas and Florida slave !
questions, and are entitled to a little repose. So
far from that, they are now to he plunged into a
California slave question, long before" it could i!
arise of itself, if ever. The string of resolutions 1
laid on the table by the Senator from South Caro-
lina is to raise a new slave question on the borders
ot the PaciJic Ocean, which, upon his own princi-
ples, cannot soon occur, if ever. He will not take "
the country by conquest—only by treaty—and that '
treaty to be got by sitting out the Mexicans on a '
line of occupation. At the same time, he shows "
that he knows that Spanish blood is good at that i
£ame, and shows that they sat it out/and fought
it out lor 800 years against the Moors ocrnnyr„o-
half theircountry. By-the-by, a was only TOO- bu°t
that is enough; one hundred years is no obiect in
such a matter. The Spaniards held out 700 years 'i
against the Moors, holding half their country, and 1
300 against the Visigoths, occupying the halfot'1
the other half; and, what ismore material, whipped '
them both out at the end of the time. This is a !
poor chance for California on the Senator's prin- i1
ciples. His five regiments would be whipped out '
. jactlon of the time; but no matter; men f
contend more violently for nothing than for ;
thlng' and lf he can get up a California slave
* The letter was not written m Washington.
some- 1
ques- ;
tion now, it will answer all the purposes of a
reality, even if the question should never arise in
point of fact.
The Senator from South Carolina has been wrong
in all this business, from beginning to ending—
wrong in 1819, in giving away Texas—wrong in
1836, in his sudden and hot haste to get her bark—
wrong in all his machinations for bringing on the
Texas question of 1844—wrong in breaking up the
armistice and peace negotiations between Mexico
and Texas—wrong in secretly sending the army and
navy to fight Mexico while we were at peace with
her—wrong in secretly appointing the President of
Texas president general of the army and navy of the
United States, with leave to fight them against a
Power with whom sve were at peace—wrong in
writing to Mexico that he took Texas in view of all
possible consequences, meaning war—wrong in se-
cretly offering "Mexico, at the same time, ten mil-
lionr* of dollars to hush up the war which he had
created—wrong now in refusing Mr. Polk three
millions to aid m getting out of the war which he
made—wrong in throwing the blame of this war of
his own making upon the shoulders of Mr. Polk—
wrong in his retreat and occupation line of policy—
wrong in expelling old Father Ritchie from the
Senate, who worked so hard for him during the
Texas annexation—and more wrong now than
ever, in that string of resolutions which he has laid
upon the table, and in which, as Sylla saw in the
young Cresar many Manuses, so do I see in them
many nullifications.
In a picture of so many and such dreadful errors,
it is hard to specify the worst, or to dwell upon
any one to the exclusion of the rest; but there is one
feature in this picturc of enormities which seems
entitled to that distinction: I allude to the pledge
upon which the armistice and the pence negotia-
tions betwceti Mexico and Texas were bioken up
in 1344, and tho^e two countries put back into a
state of war, and oin selves involved in the contest.
The story is briefly told, and admits of no dispute.
The letter of 17th of January is the accusing record,
from which there is no escape. Its awful words
cannot be read now without freezing up the blood:
; " It is known to you that an armistice exists be-
, 4 two.en Mexico and Texas, and that negotiations
| * for peace are now going on under the mediation
1 * of two powerful sovereigns, mutually friendly.
I 4 If we yield to your solicitation to he annexed to
| 'the United States, under these circumstances, we
j ' sh.ill draw upon ourselves a fresh invasion from
' Mexico, incur the imputation of had faith, and
4 lose the friendship and respect of the two great
1 mediating Powers. Now, will you, in the event
' of our acceding to your icquest, step between us
'and Mexico, and take the war off our hands'"
This was the hitter, and the terrible question with
which it concluded. 3VIr. Upshur, to whom it was
addressed, gave it no answer. In the foity days
that his life was spared, he gave it no answer.
Mr. Nelson, his temporary successor, gave it an
answer; and, speaking for the President of the
United States, positively refused to take annexa-
tion on the awful terms proposed. This answer
was sent to Texas, and put an end to all negotia-
tion for annexation. The SenaLor from South
Carolina came into the Depaitment of State, pro-
cured the re\ersal of the President's decision, and
gave the pledge to the whole extent that Texas
asked it. Without, in the l^ast, denying the
knowledge ot the armistice, and the negotiations for
peace, and all the terrible consequences which
were to result from their breach, he accepts the
whole, and gives the fatal pledge which his prede-
cessors had refused; and follows it up by send-
ing our troops and ships to fight a people with
whom we were at peace—the whole veiled by the
mantle of secrecy, and pretexted by motives
as unfounded as they were absurd. Now, what
says morality and Christianity to this conduct?
Certainly, if two individuals were engaged in
strife, and two others should part them, and put
them under an agreement to submit to an amicable
settlement; and wlnle the settlement was going on,
another man, lying behind a hedge, should secret-
ly instigate one of the parties to break olf the
agreement and renew the strife, and/promise to '
take the fight off his hands if he did: what would
morality and Christianity sav to this? Surely
the malediction of all good men would fall upon ;
the man who had interfered to renew the strife. ]
And if this would be the voice of all good men in :
the case of mere individuals, what would it jje ;
when the strife was between.nations, and when the
renewal of it was to involve a third nation in the
contest, and such a war as we now have with our
sister republic of Mexico? This is the feature which
stands out in the awful picture: this is the question
Which now presents itself to the moral sense of
the civilized world, in judging the conduct of the
Senator from South Carolina in writing that letter
of the 11th of April, 1844, aggravated by now
throwing upon another the blame of a war for
which he then contracted.
Mr. Benton having concluded—
Mr. CALHOUN ru&e and said:
One thing, Mr. President, at least, may be infer-
red from the unprovoked attack of the Senator,
and the great solicitude he evinced to trace the au-
thorship of the war to me—and that is, that the
war is unpopular. There can be no mistake. He
felt that the tide of public sentiment had turned
against it, and hence the anxiety exhibited to place
its responsibility on my shoulders, and take it from
those on whom it ought justly to rest. Had he
supposed the opposite—had he believed that the
war was necessary and unavoidable, and that its
termination would be successful—I am the last
man to whom he would attribute any agency in
causing it. I am gratified that the Senator has fur-
nished this evidence. It affoids reasonable hope,
that those who are responsible for it will exert
themselves, and I hope with success, to bring it to
a speedy termination.
He traces the authorship to me, because, as he
asserts, I am the real author of the annexation of
Texas, and that annexation is the real cause of the
war. J trust, Mr. President, there will be no dis-
pute hereafter as to who is the real author of an-
nexation. XjCss than twelve months since, I had
many competitors for that honor: the official organ
here ilaimed, if my memory serves me, a large
share for Mr. Polk and his Administration, and
not less than half a dozen competitors from other
quarters claimed to be the real authors. But now,
since the war has become unpopular, they all seem
to agree that I, in reality, am the author of annexa-
tion. I will not put the honor aside. I may now
rightfully and indisputably claim to be the author
of that great event—an event which has so much
extended the domains of the Union, which has
added so largely to its productive powers, which
promises so greatly to extend its commerce, which
has stimulated its industry, and given security to
our most exposed frontier. I take pride to myself
as being the author of this great event.
But the Senator objects that I so conducted the
question of annexation as necessarily to lead to
the war. .On what does he rest this charge ? He
rests it on the ground that I selected the resolution
as it came from the House of Representatives, as
the basis of the annexation, instead of giving the
Texan Government the choice between the House
resolution and the amendment of the Senate origi-
nally moved by the Senator himself. He com-
plained bitterly that the Senate resolution passed
at the very heel of the session, under the expecta-
tion that it would be carried into effect by the
present Administration, then just coming into pow-
er, and not by Mr. Tyler's Administration, then
about to expire, had not been adopted.
He seemed to think that the then Administration
had no right to act upon it, and that, undertaking
to do so, was depriving its successor of some of its
rights. He accused me of acting with the greatest
promptness. The fact is so. The resolution, if I
iecol!ect, was signed by the late President about
the first of March. I saw the importance of acting
promptly, and advised the President to act with-
out delay, that he had the constitutional right of
doing so, and that I deemed it necessary that he
should act in order effectually to secure the suc-
cess of a measure which had originated with his
Administration. His Cabinet were summoned the
next day, and concurred in the opinion. That
night I prepared the despatch for Mr. Donelson,
our charge in Texas, and the next day, late in the
evening of the third of March, it was forwarded to
him. It was my last official act of any importance
as Secretary of State.
I selected the resolution of the House in prefer-
ence to the amendment of which the Senator front
Missouri was the author, because I clearly saw,
not only that it was every way preferable, but the
only certain mode by which annexation could be
effected. My reasons for thinking so were fully
set forth in my despatch, which may be found
