1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
among the public documents accompanying the
first annual message of the present Executive.
They will speak for themselves, they never have
been controverted, and never can be successfully.
Indeed, I never considered the Senator's amend-
ment as expressing the deliberate sense either of
the Senate or House of Representatives, it is well
known that he, and a few of his friends, had the
power of greatly embarrassing: the passage of the
resolutions of the House, if not of defeating them;
arid that his amendment was moved, not so much
as an improvement of the resolutions, as to gratify
him and them. That the course I adopted did se-
cure the annexation, and that it was indispensable
for that purpose, I have high authority in my pos-
session—that which all would admit to be the {
highest, if I could with propriety introduce it; and s
for this prompt and decided act, if for nothing else, j
1 might claim the authorship of annexation- j
Now, can anything be more absurd than the j
assertion that the war with Mexico resulted from I
selecting the House resolution, instead of the :
amendment of the Senator? He has ventured the j
bold assertion, without the shadow of an argument i
to sustain it. What possible difference could it j
make with Mexico, whether the annexation was ;
made upon one or the.other? Why should the j
one not be as offensive to her as the other? In-j
deed, I doubt much whether, even to this day, the ;
Government of Mexico knows whether the reso- )
lution was passed with or without an alternative. !
Such is the baseless ground on which he has I
charged me with being the author of the war. 1 I
had heard, for several days past, that he had pre- j
pared to make an elaborate attack on me. Some !
of my friends asked, rather jestingly, if I did not j
expect to be annihilated. After these givings out, |
and such laborious preparation, I did suppose the
Senator would make some show of a formidable
charge; but of all the attacks I have ever witness-
ed, in this or any other legislative body, 1 have
never known one so empty and ridiculous. Every
one of his charges is founded either in gross error
or partial statement of facts, or on some forced and
absurd conclusion. I may begin with the very
first that he made. He had the assurance to assert,
in the presence of the Senate, that I was the first
to introduce the question, who was the real author
or cause of this war. Now, I appeal to every Sen-
ator, and every other individual who was present
on the occasion, whether the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Turney] did not first charge me with
being the author of this war, and whether I did
not limit myself to repelling his chaise, by show- i
ing that it originated m the order to General Tay-
lor, to march from Corpus Christi, and take posi-
tion on the Rio del Norte? I go further and ask,
is there a Senator here ignorant of the fact, that
the question of-* who was the author or cause of
the war, had been long before elaborately discuss-
ed in this body—in the House of Representatives,
and throughout, the whoie country, from its decla-
ration up to that time. In the free of all this, the
Senator rises up in his place, after a long and labo-
rious preparation, and asserts that it was I who j
originated the inquiry as to who was its author. |
This is a fair sample of the accuracy of the Sena- j
tor, in his numerous allegations to show that I was !
the author of the war. I might go on and fake j
them up one by one, and show that every one of !
his positions and deductions is equally unfounded 1
in fact or false in conclusion. I do not deem it <
necessary. A large portion of his speech was but j
the stale repetition of what he said in the session ,
of 1842-'43, upon the treaty which I had conclu- ;
ded with Texas, then under discussion in this j
body. All the documents now brought forward, j
were then before the Senate, and he went on with j
the same topics very elaborately, and with much j
more power than on the present occasion, without !
making any impression on the country. Thecoun- !
try was against him then, and still remains against :
him, and it is in vain that he undertakes to disturb '
its settled conviction. It will remain ever unchan-
ged, in spite of all that he can do. Under this '
conviction, I will not weary the Senate by repel-
ling assaults then made and then repelled, The :
most prominent of the charges—the orders given
by the Administration to place a fleet in the Gulf i
of Mexico, and a portion of the army on the fron- i
tier of Texas—was repelled by my then colleague, :
[Mr. McDuffie,] of whom he speaks so highly ;
on this occasion. In repelling it, he said, that if
the orders to which the Senator then and now ob- i
jeets, had not been issued, the Executive would
have been guilty of great dereliction of duty.
The Florida treaty, forming another subject of
attack, figured also on that occasion, in connexion
with annexation; and what he has said now is but
a repetition of what he said then. He then, as
now, made me responsible for that treaty, although
I was but one of six members of Mr. Monroe's
Cabinet, and the youngest of its members—respon-
sible, without advancing a particle of proof that I
even gave it my support or approbation. He rests
the charge on some disclaimer, as it seems, that the
then Secretary of State [Mr. Adams] has, at some
time, made, that he was not responsible for the
treaty. The Senator may be right as to that; but
how can that, by any possibility, show that I
was responsible? But I am piepared to take my
full share of responsibility as a member of Mi.
Monroe's Cabinet, without having any particular
agency in forming the treaty, or influence in in-
ducing the Cabinet to adopt it. I then thought, and |
still think it a good treaty; and so thought the Sen-
ate of the United States; for, K my memory does
not deceive me, it received every vote of the Sen-
ate. [A Senator: "Yes, every vote."] It then
received the unanimous vote of the Senate, prompt-
ly given. Of course, if that treaty was the cause
of the war with Mexico, as the Senator seems to
suppose, this body is as much the author and cause
of the war, as the individual on whom he is now
so anxious to fix it.
I have said it is a good treaty, not without due
reflection. We acquired much by it. It gave us
Florida—an acquisition not only important in itself,
but also in reference to the whole southwestern
frontier. There was, at that time, four powerful
tribes of Indians, two of whom—the Creeks and
the Choctaws—were contiguous to Florida, and the
two others—the Chiekasaws and Cherokees—were
adjoining. They were the most numerous and
powerful tribes m theUnited States, and,from their
position, were exposed to be acted on and excited
against us from Florida. It was important that
this state of things should terminate, which could
only be done by obtaining the possession of Flor-
ida.
But there were other and powerful considera-
tions for the acquisition. We had, a short time
before, extinguished the Indian title to large tracts
of country in Alabama, Mississippi, and Georgia,
lyingupon streamsand rivers which passed through
Florida to the gulf—lands in a great measure value-
less, without the right of navigating them to their
mouths. The acquisition of Florida gave us this
right, and enabled us to bring into successful cul-
tivation a great extent of fertile lands, which have
added much to the increased production of our
great staple, cotton. Another important point was
effected by the acquisition: It terminated a very
troublesome dispute with Spain, growing out of
the capture of St. Marks und Pensacola by Gen-
eral Jackson, in the Seminole war; and, finally, it
perfected our title to Oregon, by ceding to us what-
ever nsrht Spain had to ihot territory.
Such is the treaty on which the Senator has lav-
ished so much of his abuse; but there were other
reasons for adopting the Sabine as the boundary,
and of which I was ignorant at the time the treaty
was formed, and to the knowledge of which I have
come within the last few years. Mr. Monroe, if
1 am correctly informed, in adopting that line act-
ed under circumstances which left him little option.
I am not at liberty to state them—the information
I received confidentially. It is sufficient to state
that he had ascertained that the Senate would not
ratify a treaty with a boundary farther west. It
was communicated to him by Senators of first
respectability. Their reason for refusing to ratify
a treaty which would extend the boundary beyond
the Sabine, I do not choose to go into, although it
was communicated to me with information to
which I have alluded.
But if we takn out of the speech of the Senator
what he has stated in relation to annexation, and
the Florida treaty, in which, as I have stated, he
has but repeated old and stale charges, that made
not the slightest impression on the country at the
time, What is there left of his present attack upon
me? It is surprising that a man of his experience
and sagacity should suppose that the repetition of
these threadbare charges, regarded as futile when
first made, should make any impression now. In-
deed, I may consider myself obliged to him for
repeating them, after such elaborative preparation,
as it affords the most conclusive proof how exempt
my course has been from any just censure during
"the long period of time in which he has attempted
to trace it.
To make good his allegation that I am the au-
thor of annexation, and that annexation caused the
war, he asserts that I was in favor of the annex-
ation of Texas as far back as 1836, immediately
after the battle of San Jacinto, and the capture of
Santa Ana; to prove which, he read an extract from
the speech which I delivered on resolutions from
Mississippi, presented by her Senator, now Secre-
tary of the Treasury, instructing the Senators to
obtain an immediate recognition of the independ-
ence of Texas.
It is true that I then advocated an early recogni-
tion of the independence of Texas, and its admis-
sion into this Union; but I was not alone in that,
nor did I take a leading part in the discussion; the
two most prominent advocates of her cause at that
time were the Senator from Mississippi and my
then colleague, [Mr. Preston;] but they were se-
conded by a large portion of this body at the time.
The distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
bore a part in the debate, and expressed his opin-
ion in favor of recognition at an early period, and
of the vast importance of the future condition of
Texas to our country. I have not had time to
examine the discussion; but find that I was among
those who advised dcloy until further information
could be obtained, and many were for prompt ac-
tion; but the Senator from Missouri has thought
proper, in the face of these facts, to hold me up as
the only individual disposed for a prompt and im-
mediate action. He has done more. He has
suppressed the fact, very important to he known,
that before the close of that very session the report
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, recom-
mending that the acknowledgment of the inde-
pendence of Texas, as soon as satisfactory infor-
mation could be obtained that it had successfully
established a Government, was adopted by the
unanimous vote of the Senate, including the Sena-
tor himself, and that at the very next session, her
independence was recognised.
Sir, I admit, even at that early period, I saw
that the incorporation of Texas into this Union,
would be indispensable both to her safety and ours.
I saw that it was impossible that she could stand
as an independent power between us and Mexico,
without becoming the scene of intrigue of foreign
Powers, alike destructive of the peace and securi-
ty of both Texas and ourselves. _ i saw more; I
saw the bearing of the slave question at that early
stage, and that it'would become an instrument in
the^harids of a foreign Power of striking a blow at
us, and that two conterminous slaveholdmg com-
munities could not co-exist without one being
wielded to the destruction of the other. The Sen-
ator is right. What I then said was intended to
shadow forth the future, that future which actually
came, when I was called, by the unanimous voice
of the country, to take charge of the State Depart-
ment, in reference to these very events. I saw,
with General Jackson, that the golden opportunity
had occurred when annexation must take place in
order to avoid interminable difficulties and great
disasters: and, seeing it, I did not hesitate to un-
dertake the duty which had been assigned me,
notwithstanding the difficulties, from the weak-
ness of the Administration at that period. I suc-
ceeded, in despite of them, and that, too, without
war; and all the elaborate efforts of the Senator
from Missouri, never can deprive me of the credit
to which I am entitled, in reference to the great
question of annexation.
On a review of the whole, my course,rI may say,
exhibits not only some foresight in reference to it,
but also some powers of averting the dangers, and
securing the end which I desired.
Every measure towards the accomplishment of
annexation had been consummated before the pres-
ent Administration came into power. No war fol-
lowed, although the act of annexation had been
completed more than a year before the rupiure be-
tween us and Mexico took place; nor would war
have followed at all, had we acted with ordinary
prudence. That JUfc&ico was chafed, chagrined;
that she threatened much, and blustered much;
talked about war and even the existence of hostili-
ties—are all true. It was, however, but talk. The
strono- should always permit the weak and ag-
grieved to talk, to bluster, and scold, without ta-
king offence; and if we had so acted, and exer-?
