500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
clsed proper skill in the management of our affairs,
Mexico and ourselves would by this time have
quietly and peaceably settled all difficulties, and
been good friends. We have chosen to pursue
the opposite course, and are in war.
Every Senator knows that I was opposed to the
war*, but none knows but myself the depth of that
opposition. With my conceptions of its charac-
ter and consequences, it was impossible for me to
vote for it. When, accordingly, I was deserted by
evary friend on this side of the House, including
my then honorable colleague among the rest, [Mr.
McOuffie,] I was not shaken in the least decree in
reference to my course. On the passage of the act
recognising the war, I said to many of my friends
that a deed had been done from which the country
would not be able to recover for a long time, if
ever; and added, it has dropped a curtain between
the present and the future, which to me is impene-
trable; and for the fust time since I have been in
public life, I am unable to see the future. I also ;
added, that it has closed the first volume of our i
political history under the Constitution, and open- !
ed the secondhand that no mortal could tell what
would be written in it. These deep impressions
were made upon my mind, because I saw, from the
circumstances under which the war was made, a
total departure from that course of policy which
had governed the country from the commence-
ment of our Government until that time-, and that,
too, under circumsuuiccs calculated to lead to most
disastrous consequences. Since then less than a
year has elapsed; but in that short period enough
lias already been developed to make what was
then said look like prophecy.
But the Senator charges, entertaining as I did
these impressions, that 1 did not take a stand, and
arrest the march of (general Taylor to the llio
del Norte. I have already stated the reasons on
another occasion why I did not; and however
unsatisfactory they may be to the Senatoi, they
are satisfactory to myself, and 1 doubt not they
will be to the community at large. He also inti-
mated that I ought to have communicated my viws
to the President. I was guilty of no neglect in
that respect. I did not fail to state m the proper
quarter explicitly what I thought would result fiom
the order given to General Taylor, but I found
very different views fiom mine entertained there.
Those in power were quite as confident that the
march of General Tavlor to the, Del Norte would
not in its consequences jnvohe war as they were
that notice \\ ithouf compromise in refeience to the
joint occupancy of Oic^on would not involve war
with England.
In looking bnek upon these matters, I have the j
satisfaction to fee! that I fully performed my duty :
both here and elsewhere with reference to these j
important questions. j
With my view of the character and consequences i
of the war, I have forborne much. 1 have suffered j
not a little in the estimation of my fi irmly, both m ;
and out of Congress, lor refusing to vote, for the '
hill recognising the existence of <• war assei ted to !
he made by the ,k t of Mexico. I have been mged
by them to explain the reasons for my course on '
that occasion; but I persisted in declining to do so, j
because 1 could not see that it would bo of any j
service to the conntiy, while it might weaken the 1
hands of those who are charged with the piosecu- j
Hon of the war. 1 adopted tht only course which, :
according to my opinion, 1 could with propriety— 1
to take no active or leading part in leference to !
measures intended for carrying on the war, but to 1
give a quiet and silent vote m favor of all which
did not seem to me dt cidedly objectionable; but,
in the meantime, to look out for the first favor-
able oppoitumty of piesentmg my views how the
war should be conducted to bring Jt most advan-
tageously to a successful termination, f accord-
ingly embraced the opportunity on the discussion
of the three-million hill now before the Senate to
present my viev. s, not in the spirit of opposition,
nut of kindness to the Administiation, reserving to
myself the exp  eshion of my opinion as to the causes
of the war for some suitable occasion. It seems,
howe\er, iii.it the fj n nds of those in power were
not satisfied with this couise on mv part: it be-
came an object of assault both m this Chamber and
without its walls. The Senator from Tennessee
immediately on my right [Mr. Tfrvey] com-
menced^ the attack here by directly charging me
with bein  the author of the war, and it has since
been followed by the Senator from Missouri on
this occasion. I have thus been forced, in self-
defence, to depart from the line which I had pre-
scribed for myself, and to enter into the question,
Who is the author or the cause of the war ? The
responsibility is not on me,but on those who have
compelled me to make the departure. Thus far 1
have limited what I have said strictly to self-df-
fence, as I shall also do on the present occasion.
In looking to the causes which led to the war,
I <*o one step further back than the Senator fiom
Maine, [Mr. Evans,] who discussed the subject
in this aspect with great accuracy and ability. He
beo-an with Mr. Slidell's mission and negotiation.
I go a step further back, to the management of the
negotiation prior to that period. When this Ad-
ministration came into power there weie two great
questions on hand connected with our foreign re-
lations—tlie Oregon and the Mexican. As dn-.er-
ent as they were m their character, and as remote
as the two Powers were from each other, tnere
was an intimate connexion between them which
could not be oveilooked in conducting the nego-
tiation, without falling into a great and dangerous
error. Such at least is my opinion. I wish to
say nothing to wound the feelings of the distinguish-
ed individual who had charge of the negotiation,
but it seems to me that he fell into a great error in
consequence of overlooking this connexion be-
tween the two subjects. To my mind it is one of
the clearest of propositions, that there could be rio
well-founded hope of adjusting our difficulties with
Mexico until the Oregon question was finally set-
tled. Why so? The reason is obvious. Mexico
knew that we had heavy claims against her which
she was little able to pay. Debtors without means
are usually shy of their creditor. She could not
but sec that there was a chance of escaping our de-
mands against her, provided a conflict snould enMic
between us and England in refeience to Oregon.
She could not but see more—that it might possibly
afford her an opportunity of recovering either a
part or the whole of Texas by an alliance with
England, and availing herself of the aid of British
strength and resources in waging a war against
US. At nil events, she would look with confidence
I to her being protected as an ally of England in
the treaty by which the war should be terminated.
Whatever objection may be made to England, she
never deserts an ally m war. It seemed to me,
under these circumstances, that it was a great error
to suppose that the diffeiences with Mexico could
be adjusted while those with England were pond-
j ing. Our tine policy, then, according to my opin-
! ion, was to suspend all attempts at onening nego-
1 nation with Mexico until that question was finally
Isfttled. "When that was effected, and Mexico
.' could no longer look to the support of England m
j her controversy with us, she would see the folly
| of declining to adjust the differences between us,
' and enter into conflict with, a Power every way so
J vastly her supeuor.
i There would, then, be another advantage which
: would greatly favor a settlement of our difficulties
I with Mexico'. The eloquent Senator from Louisi-
! ana has truly said that Mexico, at least so far as
capital is concerned, was aBiitish colony. The
immense interest which England has in the coun-
try, would have inlisted heron the side of peace,
and the whole of her vast influence would have
J been extrtcd to induce Mexico to enter into a satis-
' factory arrangement with us. I cannot doubt that,
under'the influence of these powerful causes, with
I a little forbearance and prudence on our part, all
j the causes of diffeienee between the two countries
i \v ould, ere this, have been settled by a treaty satis-
| factoi y to both.
I An "opposite course was, however, unfortunately
'' taken; both negotiations were pushed at the same
ii time, and that with Mexico, with as much zeal,
■, and as strong a pressure, as that with England.
'' The then Piesident of the republic of Mexico
:| (Herrera) was friendly to-the United States, and
'' anxiously disposed, on that account, as welf as
II others, to settle the differences with us. Acting
under these feelings, he acceded to the proposition
to receive a commissioner, without duly reflecting,
'I as the events proved, on these great impediments
m the minds of the Mexicans against treating with
us. The result was as might have been anticipa-
ii ted. Paredes took advantage of the error, and
!' hurled Herrera from power; and the effect of this
i premature attempt at opening negotiation, was to
lj overthrow a friend and place an enemy in power,
•> deeply committed against settling the differences
between the two countries, and thereby—as 0TJ-bt
to have been foieseen—greatly to increase the dim-
cuhy of any future settlement of the questions.
What followed from this unfortunate step, until it
ended in war between the two countries, has been
so clearly traced hy the Senator from Maine, as to
supersede the necessity of my touching upon it.
The overlooking of the intimate connexion of
these two questions was not only the first link m
that series of causes which finally terminated in
this war, but it came near preventing the settle-
ment of the Oregon question. Had the action of
Congress, -which finally led to the settlement of
the Oregon question, been delayed until it was
known thatskirmishes had taken place between our
forces and the Mexicans on the Rio Giande, (but
a short penod,) there is every reason to believe
the Oreoon question would not have been closed.
I speak" upon high authority,—the escape was a
narrow one. Fortunately, the Butish Government
promptly acted upon the notice, and tendered a
proposition to our Minister on which llie settle-
ment was finally made, which he received am. I or-
warded to our Grovernment but a few days befoie
news was received in England of the skirmishes
on the Rio Grande. But while they fortunately
occurred too late to prevent a settlement of the Ore-
gon question, they unfortunately occurred loo soon
to preserve peace with Mexico. But if the policy
which the Administration first adopted after an-
nexation had been pursued, to occupy the frontier
of Texas with cur military forces to the extent of
country which she held at the time of annexation,
and no further, there is every reason to believe
that on the settlement of the Oregon question the
peace of the two countries would have been pre-
6>t ItTs" true Mexico claimed the whole of Texas;
but it is equally true that she recognised the differ-
ence, and showed a disposition to act upon it, be-
tween the country known as Texas pioper and
the countiy between it nnd the Del^Norte. It is
also true that we and Texas recognised the same
difference, and that both regarded the boundary as
unsettled, as the resolution of annexation, which
provides that the boundary between Texas and
Mexico shall be determined-by the United States,
clearly shows. It is urn thy of remark in this
connexion, that this provision in the joint resolu-
tion is understood to have been inserted in con-
sequence of the ground taken at the pieceding
session by the Senator from Missouri on the dis-
cussion of the treaty, that the Nueces was the west-
ern boundary of Texas, and that to extend that
boundary to the Rio del Norte would take m part of
Tamaulipas, Coahuila,and New Mexico. "What,
then, ought to have been the course of the Execu-
• tive after annexation under this resolution? The
' very one which they at first pursued.—to restrict
the position of our troops to the country actually
occupied by Texasat the period of annexation. All
beyond, as far as the Executive was concerned,
ought to have been regarded a^suhjeet to the pro-
visions of the resolutions, which authorized the
Government to settle the boundary. There aie but
two modes of settling a disputed boundary—one by
the joint consent of both part.es, that is, by treaty,
of which the President and the Senate are the
organs; the other, by the determination of one of
the parties for itself, after failing to obtain the con-
sent of the other, <and that, under our Gmei anient,
can only be done by Congress. _ Indeed, when
we speak of our Government, it is understood to
mean Congress and the Executive, acting jomtiy ■
the one by passing an act or resolution, and *he
other by its approval. And m Congress, taken in
this sense, all discretionary power under our sys-
tem of Government is invested. It is only by this
power that a disputed boundary can be deter-
mined by the Government for itself, and without
the consent of the other party. I be Piesideur,
had no more right to determine on his own will
what the boundary was than I had, oi y other
Senator, Such, indeed, appeared to be tne convic-
tion of the President himself. It is only on siu-ii
a supposition that we can explain his^ course in
attempting to open a negotiation witn Mexico,
with a view of settling all differences between the
two countries, among which the settlement of the
boundary was considered a paramount question.
Why negotiate, if it were not an unsettled ques-
tion? Why negotiate, if the Rio del Norte—is, as
it was afterwards assumed—was the cleai and un-
questionable boundary? And if not, upon what
