1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sea
authority, after the attempt to op.en negotiation
had failed, could he determine what was the bound-
ary, viewing: it as an open question? Was it not
his plain duty, on such an occurrence to submit
the question to Congress, which was then in ses-
sion, and in whom the right of establishing the
boundary and declaring war was clearly invested?
Had that course been adopted, I greatly mistake if
the sense of this body would not have been deci-
dedly opposed to taking any step which would have
involved the two countries in war. Indeed, I feel
a strong con viction, that if the Senate had been left
free to decide on the question, not one-third of the
body would have been found in favor of war. As
it was, a large majority felt themselves compelled,
as they believed, to vote for the bill recognising
the existence of war, in order to raise the supplies
of men and money necessary to rescue the army
under General Taylor, on the Del Norte, from the
dangers to which it was exposed.
But to bring the matter home, the Senator him-
self is in no small degree responsible for the war.
I intend no attack on him. I have made none, and
will make none. The relations between him and
myself, personal and political, have long been such,
that self-respect and a sense of propriety forbid my
alluding; to him, except when unavoidable, and then
in a courteous manner; and I now allude to his
course only because it is necessary to explain mine,
and the motives which governed me on the occa-
sion.
The Senate will remember, that when the Presi-
dent's message was received recommending Con-
gress to recognise that a war existed between us
and Mexico, and to raise the necessary means for
its prosecution, the Senator from Mississippi, whose
seat is immediately on my right, but who is now
absent, [Mr. Speight,] moved to print twenty thou-
sand copies of the message and documents. The
scene was a solemn one, and what occurred will
long be remembered by the members of the body.
I rose and objected; and said that we were on the
eve of great events, and expressed my hope that
we would proceed calmly and deliberately. I sug-
gested that the printing of so large a number of
copies would be construed into an endorsement of
the message; adding, that I was unwilling either
to endorse or condemn, until the message and doc-
uments were printed, and carefully perused by me.
A debate ensued, and the Journals of the Senate
will show what took place. The Senator from
Missouri was the individual who made the dis-
creet and appropriate motion to separate the recom-
mendations of the message into two parts, and refer
that which related to recognising the existence of
war to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
that which related to the raising of men and sup-
plies, to the Committee on Military Affairs, of
which he was chairman. The latter, it was ex-
pected, would report immediate measures for the
support of General Taylor. I seconded the mo-
tion, and it was carried by a large majority. I saw
in it that which gave me hope, and that I should
be able to effect the object I had in view, and which
I will hereafter explain.
The House of Representatives acted with much
more precipitancy; it passed a bill the very day
the message was received, recognising the exist-
ence of the war, and providing means for its prose-
cution. It was late in the evening when it passed
the House, and I am of the impression that the
Senate had adjourned; and it was not reported to
it that day; but be that as it may, the next day
the Senator, as chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported the bill to the Senate as it
came from the House, with both provisions m it;
directly contrary to the order of the Senate, made
on his own motion, to refer the part of the mes-
sage relating to the lecognition of war to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. To that, and the
fact that a caucus had been held of the party which
agreed to sustain the report, may be traced the
precipitate (to use no stronger word) action of the
Senate, and the recognition of the war. It em-
phatically made the war. Had the order of the
Senate been respected—had the Senator from Mis-
souri, in conformity with it, and as he was in duty
bound to do, moved to strike out all that related
to the recognition of the war, and referred it to the
Coirimittee'on Foreign Relations, and confined his
report to raising the necessary means of rescuing
General Taylor and his army from the pressing
dangers which surrounded them, the possibility is,
that the war might have been averted, and the two
countries at this day have been at peace. Sir, I
say possibility, because, even then, after the skir-
mishes between our forces had occurrcd,I did not
despair of escaping war, if sufficient firmness and
prudence were used on the part of this body. I
had deeply reflected on the subject in advance,
and great as were the difficulties, I still saw a
gleam of hope.
The intelligence of the skirmishes on the Rio
Grande was received here on Saturday. I at once
saw the danger, and turned my mind* to the sub-
ject. I anticipated that a message would be re-
ceived on Monday from the Executive, and formed
not an incorrect opinion as to what would be its
character. Casting my eyes over the whole, with
a view of avoiding war, I came to the conclusion
in my own mind, what course was best to effect
that object. Next morning I communicated the
conclusions to which I had come to two of my col-
leagues, who were boarding with me; I said to
them, that there was but one way of escaping war,
but I am not certain that it would be successful.
It will, howtver, placc u?  in the chapter of acci-
dents, and thereby affoid a possibility of escape.
I was asked what it was, and replied, that it de-
pended on separating the question of war from
that which relates to the rescuing of Gcneial Tay-
lor and his forces. Let the means necessary for
the latter be immediately granted, but let time be
taken for due and deliberate consideration of the
former. Had that been done, it was my intention
to throw my whole weight against the immediate
declaration or recognition of war; treating what
had occurred as mere hostilities between the two
armies, without authority of the Congress—the
war making power of either Government.
We had not a particle of evidence then, or even
now, that the Republic of Mexico had made war
against the United States. Indeed, we are in the
anomalous condition of the two countries being at
war during and almost an entire year, without
either having declared it, although the constitutions
of both expressly provide that Congress shall de-
clare war.
Instead, then, of recognising war, I would have
taken the very opposite giound—that what had
occurred was mere hostilities, and not war, as the
Congress of Mexico had not authorized it.
To provide for the contingency of the Congress
of Mexico approving of what had occurred, and
refusing to treat for the settlement of our difficulties,
I would ha\e advised the raising of ample pro-
visional force, to be collected at some convenient
and healthy point, where they could be trained du-
ring the interval, and be fully prepared to meet
such decision; but even in case such decision should
be made, instead of advising a formal declaration
of war, I would have advised, as General Jackson
recommended, giving authority to the Executive
to make reprisals for seizing and holding such por-
tion of the Mexican territory as would afford am-
ple indemnity, to be retained until the differences
between the two countries were settled; but, in the
meantime, would have taken measures to repel the
attacks made upon our army by the Mexican
forces, and to drive them far beyond the limits of
our borders.
Had this course been puisucd, we should have
had all the glory and reputation of the two brilliant
victories at Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma with-
out being involved in the present indefinite and ex-
pensive war waged against Mexico. We would
also have had the advantage of the chapter of acci-
dents—of Mexico disavowing hostilities, and in-
demnifying our citizens—either from a sense of
weakness, or of returning justice on her part, or
from the influence of other Powers, which have an
interest in preserving peace, from their commercial
or other relations with her, and thereby save a re-
sort to arms on our pai t. But, at all events, failing
in that, we would have avoided, by resorting to
reprisals, the enormous expenses, the sacnficc of
men and money, and the disasters to which the
war has exposed us. I have now met, and, I trust,
successfully repelled, all the charges made by the
Senator from Missouri, except those relating to
the Missouri compromise, and the abolition ques-
tion at that period, for which I am in no ways
responsible. I was not then in Congress. I filled
the office of Secretary of War at the time, and had
no agency or control over it. His charges are as
light as air—old and stale, without even plausibili-
ty, and I have not the slightest fear of their having
any weight, either here or in the community.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the Senate then went
into the consideration of executive business, and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were open-
ed, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 24, 1847.
In pursuance of the order of the House, here-
tofore passed, the Speaker called the House to
order this day at ten o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and,
on motion of Mr. Burt, the further reading was
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the resolution offered by Mr. Jacob
Thompson, yesterday, (and which was pending at
the time of adjournment.)
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to postpone the
consideration thereof for an hour, for the purpose
of receiving such reports from committees as might
not give rise to debate.
On which motion no quorum voted.
Some conversation followed; when
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that there be a
call of the House; which motion was agreed to.
And the roll having been called, eighty-one mem-
bers answered to their names.
And the names of the absentees having been
called, one hundred and eleven members appeared
to be present.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that all further pro-
ceedings on the call be dispensed with.
Which motion, by ayes 106, noes 22, was
agreed to.
So fuither proceedings on the call were dispens-
ed with.
The question then recurring on the motion of Mr
C. J. Ingersoll, to postpone the pending business
for one hour, in order to call the committees for
such reports a* might not give rise to debate, it
was taken and decided in the affirmative.
Whereupon, the SPEAKER proceeded to call
the committees in their order for such reports as
mischt not give rise to debate.
Mr. HUJNGERFORD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to repeal "An
act to establish an auxiliary watch in the city of
Washington;" which was read twice.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to Jay the bill on the
table; which motion was negatived.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, was read a third time, and pass-
ed.
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of citizens
of the county of Ontario for a repeal of all laws
levying duty on goods impoited in foreign vessels,
&c., and said petition was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was discharged from
the further consideration of a memorial, the title
of which the reporter could not hear.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, asked that said committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of citizens of Westminster, in Mas-
sachusetts, for a tax on slaves, and that it be laid
upon the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a " bill for the relief of Noah A. Phelps;"
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. LEAKE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back the (Senate) u act. for the relief of
I-Iobson Johns," without amendment; which bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of \he Union.
On motion of Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL, the
Committee of Claims were discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial-of Solomon
Payne.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a " bill to create the collection
district of Salaria, in Texas, and for other pur-
poses;" which bill was reod twice, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill concerning the licensing of yachts, and for
other purposes;'' which was read twice, ordered to
