504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
inclination between the two opposite extremes of
extending tlie franking privilege and abolishing it
altogether. He hoped the gentleman from Ten-
nessee would withdraw his amendment; in which
case Mr. H.'s, being appended to it, would of
course fall, and he promised not to renew it. He
was utterly opposed to the existence of the priv-
ilege in any shape or to any extent. He held that
no man of any description, in office or out, nor
any department of Government, ought to enjoy
the privivilege of transmitting mailable matter ftee
of postage. All who were interested in the trans-
mission of such matter ought to be required to pay
the expense of its transmission. Otherwise one
citizen was calling on all the rest to pay for a ben-
efit which healone enjoyed. Theprovisionsatpres-.
ent existing on the subject of franking had passed
under a high pressure, and were crude and ill-con-
sidered. He admitted the existence of the evils of
which the gentleman complained, and he would
remedy them, not as now proposed, but by giving
the postmasters adequate allowances in money.
Pie would reward them all amply. But, as things
now stood, tiie Post Office Department was hardly
able to sustain itself; and he hoped no new flood-
gates of expenditure would be opened to drain its
means, and make it a burden upon the Govern-
ment. He hoped the gentleman would be induced
to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. COTTRELL made some remarks wholly
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. RIPLEY rose to order, contending that the
amendment was irrelevant.
The CHAIR ruled it out on that ground.
Mr. COCKE took an appeal, alleging that an
amendment precisely similar had been declared to
be in order at the last session.
But the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendments declared to be out of order.
Mr. W. VV. CAMPBELL moved the following
as an additional section:
ii*ind he it further enacted. That the Postimi^toi General
be dueetod to icpoit to Oongiess, at the cumm<mecmcm of
the next session, whether depuU p ihtm<i>K'i.-« cannot he
elected by the electors of the ie«sp'>chve town* and cities,
consistent with the, be«,t interests ol the Post OJliee Depart-
ment' provided^ That Mich election mav not conflict
with the provision;) in ncction two ot the Cou-lituhon ot the
United States."
Mr. McCLELLAND rose to order, and object-
ed to its reception on the ground of irrelevancy.
The CKA1R ruled it out.
^ Mr. CAMPBELL appealed. I To had several
times attempted to oiler the same provision in the
form of a resolution of inquiry, but without suc-
cess. lie wished itadopted, because all wru; aware
that the PostOilice Depaitincal was the it<\U oigan
of this Government for the d illusion of mfoi mation
throughout the country on the subject of politics.
Mr. McCLELLAND insisting on his objec-
tion—
The CTTAIR was sustained in its decision, and
the amendment was declared to be out ol order.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved that this bill be '
laid aside to be reported to tin. Mouse, and that
the committee now take up the Pust Office Appio- :
pnation bill. !
Mr. WENT WORT) X wanted to have the light- |
house bill taken up. I
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE. |
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the '
Post Office and Post Roads, reported an original !
bill to amend the act entitled "An act to reduce i
the rates of postage, to limit the use and correct '
the abuse of the franking privilege, and for the ;
prevention of frauds on the levenues of the Post j
Office Department;" which was jead. j
Mr. H. said that the provision here proposed j
had the approval of the Post Olihe Department, ,
and the public service in that Department must be I
broken down unless some snch provision should !
be adopted. The other section related to money |
purloined 01 robbed from the mail, hi illustration i
of the necessity of this enactment, Mr. H. stated '
a recent case, where, on the convi-uon of a mail |
robber, the money found on him had boon paid i
to the clerk of a court ns part of the evidence for j
his conviction, and retained by order of the court, j
who refused to allow it to be paid over to f he order |
of the Postmaster General. Money so recovered i
ought to be held by him for the nichtful owner, to
whom it would be pcud on adequate proof.
Mr. Hf. presumed that all would be in favor of
what this bill proposed to enact. And as to the (
objection which might be urged that a Committee '
of the Whole House could not originate a bill, it
was without foundation. One committee of the
House had as much power to prepare and report
bills for the action of the House as another, pro-
vided the bills were appropriate to the class of
subjects referred to it. This bill was strictly ap-
propriate to a committee sitting on a post office
bill; and at this late stage of the session this was
the only mode of reaching the object.
After some discussion, the Chan, on the ground
of afoimci precedent, ruled the bill to be in order.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the bill, as fol-
lowt>:
" That the pnvilege of franking by members of the Sen-
ate and House ot Jlepiesenutivts be -o construt d as to ex-
I j tend to punted matter, public document-, and lettei > to .-a.d
ji members, a- well as 1- tiei  wuttcn b> fciem ; ?«ud privilege
J1 extending to the meetiua of the tueceedii!" Conaie-s."
j! Mr. HOPKINS expressed the hope that the dis-
|i pnted subject involved in the amendment would
(i not be pressed, to the embarrassment of the bill.
j| Air. G. W. JONES submitted the following
[ \ amendment to the amendment by the gentleman
' from New York, viz :
jBeit farther eunded, That all member ot Congress, del- \
egatea tiom Territories', the Vice Piesident oi me United ;
States, th* Secrccarj of the Senate., and fie Clerk ol the 1
House of R«jpiv5bcnutives, shall have the power to send ami j
receive public document- tree of po-tage dining their teims !
of otiiec, and t.iat the said member* and delegate:* .-hail !
hive the powei to senil and r'ccive public documents bee '
of posrag'i up to the liiat Monday of Docembei following tne i
expnanon ot their term ot office. i
^ind be if, further cmu'ted* That the Secretary o " the. Sen- 1
ate and C!eik of the House ot Kepies5^ntahv..s, shall have ■
the power to receive a- well as to send all Iwteis ami pack- i
ag -s not weighing ovei two ounces, liee ot postage, dining |
their t"< in ot othee.
;, J2nri be it f ii thcr cn<t<lcd Ti'.it member of Cong less shall
I have the p  wei to leeeive, as well a> to send, all letter-and
j ■ p u.leases not weu'han: ovr t\\ o ou.ieos, lieo oi po&tage, up
| to t'ie (Monday in December following the expiration of
their term ot office.
|< Mr. JONES briefly supported his amendment,
i! It was very necessary that some action should be '
! taken in the case. i>y the present law, the fiank- 1
mg privilege of members ceased m thirty days ;
after the expiration of the session of Congress.
What would become of all the public documents j
already oidered by the House, if the present law |
upon this point was to be enforced ? He had just 1
been informed that the Postmaster General con- :
strued the law so as to provide for the cessation :
of the franking privilege of members upon the 4th 1
of March. Jf either of these constructions of the 1
law should be enforced, u hat would be the result? j
U would be simply this: All that mass of matter ,
would be mailed and sent to the post-ollice; and as '
but a very small pait of it would ever be taken out
and the postage paid, it would come back to the 1
dead letter office, and the Government would be
charged with the expense of transmission both
ways. Lather the law should be extended, or the
House should not order the printing. The one
without the other was useless.
Mr. WHITE expressed his appioval of the
substitute. He was willing to abolish the frank-
ing puvilege altogether; but, so long as it was '!
retained, its extent should be cleaily and distinctly
defined. i
Mr. CHTPMAN moved to amend the amend-
mcnt as follows: \\
i " >dnJ pio> 1 led further, That the Po-tnuMn G.-neial may,
J in hi- di-ciflson, increase the compensation of deputy po&t-
| masters, in cases wheic mail-, ate in fact dhtiilmted, to an
amount not exceeding, m an> given ca-e, the sum of one .
j handled dollms." I
This amendment was rejected. j
The question learning upon a^ieeing to Mr. i
White's amendment as modified by Mr. G. W.
, Jones, it was decided in the affirmative.
I Mr. LIGON submitted the following as an ,
amendment to the bill: \
j "That beteafter, :ui\ law to the contrary notwithstanding,
■ all advertisements, made undei orders of the Postmaster 1
' (bmeial, in a newspaper or newspapers, of letteis uncalled I
! lor in any pOM oihte, sli.d! be incited ,n Mich new^papei ^
j or new-paper- as «ha!l be designated by the po-time-ter of :
! tiie town oi place win-re the office adverti-mg is pittiated,or 1
\ the newspaper thereto; piovided the editoi or editor- 1
I of such paper or papers shall amuo to mseit tiie same for a ;
j price not gieater than that now fi-ced bv law." i
TTpon o division, it appearing doubtful whether !
; there was a j^uoium present, the amendment was ,
| withdrawn, in order to prevent the breaking of the ;
j committee.
j Mr. SEAMAN submitted the following amend- ,
I ment; which was ruled out of order: \
| " Bejt enacte<1, That the Postmaster Geneial report to the n
next Congiess the number of dead letters received at the 11
General Post Office during the past year; the amount of
money, diafts, and other valuables now in that office de-
rived from dead letters, and the expediency of applying the
same to the contingent expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment; and also to report whether any of the deputy post-
masteis of the large cities have fatled to comply with the
32d section of the act passed March 3d, 1845, requiring
postmasters to render their accounts within £ one month
after the time, and in the form and maimer prescubed by
law;' and, if any of said postmasters have not complied
therewith, whether the penalties therein specified have
been enfoiced against them."
Mr. HAMLIN again moved his amendment re-
pealing all franking privileges as a substitute for
the whole bill, and it was again rejected.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the committee then
rose and reported the action upon the above bills.
The question being taken, first upon concurring
| in the amendments to the bill establishing ceitain
! post-routes, ft was decided in the affirmative, the
1 bill was ordered to be engrQssed and read a third
, time, was read a third time, and passed.
: The question recurring upon concurring with the
! committee in their amendment to the bill in relation
: to the franking privilege, &c., it was decided in the
! affirmative.
I Mr. GORDON moved to lay the bill on the table;
| which motion was negatived.
• The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
| read a third time, was read a third time,and passed,
i POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
! On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
I itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
; of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in the
chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
and consider the bill making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1848.
| Mr. HENLEY gave notice that, if Mr. McKay's
• motion failed, he would move to take up the Patent
Office bill.
Mr. WENT WORTH gave notice, if Mr. Mc-
i Kay's moiion failed, he would move to take up the
' light-house bill.
The question was put on the motion to take up
I the Post Office Department Appropriation bill, and
! no quorum voted.
: The committee rose and reported the fact to the
' House.
: Mr. HUNGERFORD moved a call of the
| House.
; Mr. RAMSEY moved that the House adjourn;
i on which the yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. RAMSEY then withdrew the motion to
I adjourn.
j Mr. VINTON renewed the motion to adjourn.
! The yeas and noy  were ordered on the motion.
Mr. VINTON said he would withdraw the mo-
tion if the House would again go into committee.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House again
resolved Uselfinto committee, (Mr. Hopkins m the
' chair.)
; The committee then took up the bill to make ap-
! propriations for the Post Office Department.
: _ Mr. G. W. JONES moved to stuke out the pro-
i \iso in the first section, viz:
i " I\oiidcl That the Postmaster General be, and he is
, hereby, authorized to employ, when the service may te-
quire it, tiie Ai--i->Unt P<>«timuter« Geneial as spocml a^onts,
and to make them compensation and ailowar.ee theicfor to
; an amount winch, together with their respective salaups,
^hall not, in the whole, excted the bum ol {$3,000 per an-
num."
Mr. JONES paid he did not know what might
have been the intention of the committee in this
section of the bill, but he thought he saw very
clearly what its effect would be: it would in prac-
tice raise the compensation of the three Assistant
Postmasters General to §3,000 apiece. If this was
the intention, why not so provide, openly and
fairly ?
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON explained the clause, and
defended it as ncccssary, just, and proper. As-
sistant Postmasters General were sometimes sent
off to a distant post office on business of the depart-
ment where their personal presence was required,
and where a post office agent could not supply their
place. The existing law forbade, in such a case,
their travelling expenses to be paid, and surely he
ought not to pay them out of his own allowance.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired whether they were now
so paid, or whether they were not paid by the de-
partment ?
Mr. HOUSTON said he had been informed that
in one case the depaitinentpaid, and in another the
officer paid them out of his own pocket.
