1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JONES persisted in his opposition, con-
tending that, for the existing salary af §2,500, the
Assistant Postmaster General covenanted with the
department for his whole time, and they had a
right to send him wherever the service of the de-
partment required.
Mr. HOUSTON. Agreed. But would the gen-
tleman compel him to pay his own travelling ex-
penses, besides giving the departmenthis labor and
encountering the necessary risks of travelling?
Mr. H. referred to the great labor performed, es-
pecially hy one of these officers, (Mr. Hobbie,)
and insisted that he was as well untitled to $3,000
as other officers of Government who received that
amount and did less for it.
Mr. JONES said there was another way to
remedy that, and put them all on an equality, and
that was by reducing the others to §2,500. He
was for " levelling down," not for " levelling up."
Why give legislative power to the Postmaster Gen-
eral? Congress, and not the Postmaster General,
should fix the compensation of public officers.
The debate was further continued by Mr. HEN-
LEY, who moved to amend the proviso by stri-
king out all after the word "amount," and inserting,
" not to exceed the amount expended by said
agents as necessary travelling expenses while so
employed."
. Mr. JONES thought this allowed too great lati-
tude. The man might spend one hundred dollars
a day.
Mr. HENLEY said he thought the gentleman
ought to he willing to repose some little confidence
in somebody besides himself. [A laugh.] He
hoped there was still a little honesty left in the
country.
Mr. JONES said, if the allowance was restrict-
ed, the restriction would not affect the honest offi-
cer, though it might, to some extent, one that was
not so.
Mr. HENLEY said, Well, he was willing to
modify this amendment so as to say " necessary"
travelling expenses: and he modified it accord-
ingly.
Mr. HILLIARD thought there was a manifest
propriety ni allowing the proviso to stand as it
was. The officer should be paid not ineiely the
amount of his travelling expenses, when travelling
in the service of the department, but should be
compensated for his labor and his risk in pel form-
ing the journey. Mr. II. considered itsoundpohcy
to pay well, and then exact good servicc. What
would this proposed allowance amount to? But
$1,500, supposing all three of the Assistant Post-
masters to be. sent out every year; which he be-
lieved would seldom happen.
The question being put, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SEAMAN moved to amend the bill by ad-
ding thereto a new section, authorizing the pay-
ment to Howland and Aspmwall, of a draft drawn
by James Reeside on the Post Office Department
in 1835, and accepted by the treasurer of said
depaitment for $5,000, which was protested and
never paid.
Mr. S. was going into a detail of the leading
facts of the case, when he was called to order for
irrelevancy. He asked to show that the amend-
ment was germain to the bill, and was resuming
his statement when he was again stopped by the
Chair, and the amendment was ruled to be out of
order.
Mr. HILLIARD moved that the salary of the
First Assistant Postmaster General shall hereafter
be $3,000. Disagieed to.
Mr. BOWLIN moved the following amend-
ment:
"That lieieatter, any law to tlie contrary nonvithPtand-
ing, all culvei tiscment?, made under orders of the Postmaster
(rf'nei al, in a new-paper or newspapers, of letteis uncalled
foi- m any post office, sliall be inserted m such newspaper
or newspapers as tlmlt be designated l>y the postmaster of
the town or place whnre the office advertising is situated,
or the nearest newspaper thereto; provided the editoi or
editors of such paper or papers shall agree to insert the
same for a price not greater than that now fixed by law."
Mr. HILLIARD rose to a question of order as
to the pcrtinency of the amendment.
The CHAIR decided the amendment in order.
Mr. HILLIARD appealed.
The question was stated and put on the appeal,
and there were for sustaining* the Chair 74, against
it 26. Mo quorum voting,
Whereupon the committse rose,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 25, 1847.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BRIGHT presented fourteen resolutions of
the Legislature of Indiana, in relation to a great
variety of subjects: such as asking grants of land
for the hospital for the insane; for the education
of the blind; the asylum for the deaf and dumb;
for aiding in the construction of the Buffalo and
Mississippi railroad; also, in completion of the
Wabash and Erie canal, &c.; all of which were or-
dered to be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HANNEGrAN presented a petition from
Seth M. Leavenworth, asking the passage of an
act directing the Postmaster General to execute a
joint resolution which passed at the last session of
Congress, for the relief of B. Leavenworth; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a pe-
tition from James Crutchett, asking an examina-
tion into the propriety of purchasing the right to
use solar gas for the use of the Capitol and public
buildings in Washington; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. BR EES E presented a petition from citizens
of Peoria county, Illinois, asking that a portion of
the public land may be set apait for the construc-
tion of a road from Lake Michigan to the Pacific;
which was hud upon the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from the
children and heirs of Nathaniel Leavitt, for com-
mutation pay; which was referied to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, moved that ihe committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the following me-
morials, accompanied by reports in each ease,
which were ordered to be printed: from Solomon
Calve.t Ford, Aaron Weeks, the heiis of A. L.
Duncan, and William H. Basset.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made
a report, accompanied by a lesoluuon, on theclaim
of Leslie Combs.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
L'uids, reported House bill to give the assent of
Congiess to the sale of cm tain salt-spun^ kinds
heretofore granted to the States of Michigan and
Illinois and Arkansas, without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, House bill to
create an additional land district m the Territory
of Wisconsin, and for other purposes, with an
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, House bill for
the relief of the citizens of Beetown, in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, without amendment.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, moved that the Committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Susan Coody and others, Cherokees, and
from the memorial of the Cherokee Indians residing
in North Carolina.
Mr. BAGBY. from the same committee, reported
House bills for the relief of George B. Russell and
otheis, and for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of the late Joseph E. Pnmeau and Thomas
J. Chapman, without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the memorial of Predion Stcinet and other
Cherokees.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported House bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Simeon Spalding,
without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to refund to the legal repre-
sentatives of Thomas Cooper a fine imposed under j
the sedition law. # j
Mr.ASHLEY, from the samecommittee, moved ;
that the committee be dischaiged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Robert Owen.
RELIEF TO IRELAND.
' Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, repotted a joint resolution authorizing
the employment of the united States ship Macedo-
nian to transport provisions for the suffering poor
in Ireland and Scotland.
[The resolution appropriates §6,000 for the re-
pair of the ship.]
^.Mr. FAIRFIELD stated, that while on every
side our fellow-citizens were engaged m the work
of contributing out of their own private means lib-
eral contributions towards the relief of the suffering-
people of Ireland, something more was necessary.
It seemed to be required of the Government to give
effect to the noble spectacle which was exhibited
throughout the whole country; and the committee
thought the most practicable and constitutional
mode in which this could be done, was in the man-
ner prescribed in this joint resolution. He used the
word constitutional, but it could not be concealed
that theVe were constitutional impediments to a di-
rect grant of any portion of the public funds which
were appropriated for specific objects at home..
There was no Senator on this floor who would for
a moment hesitate to give relief to these poor suf-
ferers; but the Constitution stood between them as
an obstacle. Some persons might even object to
this resolution on constitutional ground, but he
could see no valid objection to it on this Score.
The ship was only to be sent for the purpose of
carrying out the contributions of our citizens, not
of the Government. And it was no more uncon-
stitutional to do that than it was to lend this Hall
to the Colonization Society. There was another
ground which might be taken in defence of this
resolution. The ship was now lying at New York
unfit for service. It would require much time and
a large outlay to fit her out for any long and ardu-
ous service; but she might be put in sufficient re-
pair for this voyage for $6,000. She would require
new sails and rigging. ' The officer who had ten-
dered his services to take the ship to Ireland, was
known to be a gentleman of character. He hoped,
therefore, that the joint resolution would be acted
on, and suffered to pass at this time, and that the
relief might be sent without delay to the poor fam-
ishing and down-trodden, but brave and perishing
people of Ireland.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that he had yes-
terday given notice of his intention to bring "in a
bill to aid the suffering poor of Ireland, but he
should not be able to prepare it before to-morrow.
He would feel indebted to the Senator from Maine,
therefore, if he would suffer tins resolution to go
| over until to-morrow.
J Mr. BADGER h-nl no constitutional scruples to
< overcome; but he objected to the mensure out and
| out. What did the joint resolution propose? Why,
| to lend a public ship of the navy to transport pro-
visions. Who was to command her, or have her
in charge ? Not an officer of the navy, but some
private citizen. Who was to be responsible in
such a case ? He doubted whether such a thing*
had ever been attempted, either here or in any-
other country. No man felt more than he did for
the destitution and suffering: of the unhappy peo-
ple, arid if the President or Secretary of the Navy
were to order a public vessel to carry the contribu-
tions of our fellow-citizcns, he had no objection;
but to lend a public ship to an individual for that
purpose struck him as an absurdity. Why accept
the service of a private volunteer on such an occa-
sion ? or, when bread was wanting, why wait for
the repair of a vessel? Would it not be'better for
the Secretary of the Navy to send a Government
vessel in first-rate order at once to the scene of suf-
fering ?^ Why not send a national vessel, under
the national flag, manned by her proper officers
and crew?
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved that the subject be
postponed until to-morrow; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr, CALHOUN rose to call up the resolutions
submitted by him some days since, and which he
gave notice yesterday he should ask for the con-
sideration of during the mprning hour to-day.
Mr. EVANS hoped that motion would not be
pressed. It would be impossible to get on with
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, if the
■ morning: hour was to be taken up with other mat-
: ters. There were still numerous amendments to
j be disposed of, and he hoped the Senate would
j consent to take it up.
I Mr. CALHOUN then waived his motion for the
| present, giving notice, however, that he should
I call up the resolutions after the Senator from Mas-
i sachusctts [Mr. Davis] should get through, or du-
ring the morning hour to-morrow.
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL
Was then taken up, the question pending being
the amendment of Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana, for
an appropriation for completing the marine hospi-
tal at New Orleans, and the construction of a new
custom-house in that city.
