506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
Mr. JOHNSON urged the propriety and neces-
sity of the amendment, repeating the facts and ar-
guments which he had brought forward yesterday
to sustain the appropriation.
Mr. BERRIEN a:ave notice, if that amendment
prevailed, he should offer one for the building of a
custom-house in Savannah. The commercial sta-
tistics of that port showed that she was entitled to
a custom-house, and it would require no extraordi-
nary draft "on the Government. As to New Or-
leans, the Senator from Louisiana had put the claim
of that city on grounds which seemed irresistible.
The objection to it was not that it was not proper,
but that it was not proper to insert it in this bill.
He (Mr. B.) was in the same situation. A hill
had been reported in this case, but it was not pos- j
sible it could be reached. An appropriation had j
been formerly made for Savannah, but it was not ■
sufficient; and the present application had the sane- j
tion of the Secretary. The building is now in a j
fit state for a change, which it will be too late to i
carry out hereafter. :
The question having been taken on Mr. John-
son's amendment, it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. EVANS then proceeded to offer a variety
of amendments, all of which were adopted without
debate. He had another to offer, which had come
from the State Department, and which he hoped
•would be adopted. It was, " For the renewal of
diplomatic intercourse with Mexico, with a view
to the termination of hostilities, in the event that
the Government of that Republic shall consent to
enter upon negotiation, $50,000."
The amendment was at once adopted.
Mr. BERRIEN then moved to insert a clause
appropriating $30,000 for a custom-house at Sa-
vannah.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting a like sum for a custom-house
at Charleston; and Mr. Berrien accepted it as a
modification; and the question having been taken
on the amendment, as modified, it was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing a clause appropriating $6,000 for a painting for
the vacant panel in the rotundo,to be executed by
William H. Powell, on the same terms as had been
made with the late Mr. Inman; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting, for indemnity in full to the owneis of the
LWmistad, <$50,000. Mr. S. having explained
and advocated the amendment, it was agieed to
without a ronnf.
Mr. CAMERON moved to amend the bill by
inserting a clause directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Ritchie and Heiss the amount
deducted from their accounts by the committees ,
of the two Houses for public printing prior to the |
passage of the law fixing the rate of compensation, j
Some discussion took place on this amendment,
which was opposed by Messrs. HUNTINGTON, I
CLAYTON, BADGER, and CALHOUN, and j
advocated by Ales si .s. CAMERON, SEVIKR, [
MORE1-IEAD, SIMMONS, and others; but be-
fore any question was taken, the bill was laid on
the table for the present.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate pro- j
ceeded to the consideration of the special order: 1
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill j
appropriating three millions of dollars, to bring i
the war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable j
termination.
Mr. DAVIS said he rose with most unfeigned I
reluctance to enter into this discussion, which has >
now occupied so much time, not only of the Sen- ,
ate, but of the public, and which has engaged so :
much talent, so much eloquence, and so much
ability, in its discussion. This discussion had !
opened upon them great and interesting questions—■
questions that were somewhat momentous in their
character. The degree of interest which was felt
in this subject was evinced by the crowded state
of the galleries of the Senate Chamber; and the con-
stant devotion to it which the Senate has manifest-
ed showed its importance. They found the coun-
try m a state of war; and the great question had
been raised, how we got into this war? and the
question now was, how shall we get out of it? And
connected with these, we have other topics which
are very well calculated to excite the public mind.
Among those topics, was the inquiry, whether this
war is carried on for the purpose of acquiring- ter-
ritory by conquest, and, if territory was acquired
by the energy and enterprise of our array, wheth- j
er it should come under the jurisdiction of the'j
United States, with conditions or without condi-
tions in regard to slavery? All these were great
and agitating questions, which might well engross j
the public mind. They were questions which j
might well occupy their time and attention, for j
they imposed on the Senate great and solemn ob- j
ligations in the discharge of their public duties, j
If he could have followed his own inclinations, in- j
stead of being impelled by a sense of duty, he j
should, with great satisfaction to himself, have j
avoided entering into this discussion at all. But j
they all owed obligations, not only to the Govern- i
ment, but to the constituents whom they represent- j
ed; and he therefore proposed to trespass oil the
patience of the Senate for a very short period, to |
express his opinions on these imeiesting topics j
frankly and feailessly. I
He wished in the outset to state, that he might ,
not be misunderstood, that he was, and had been j
at all times, prepared to furnish to the Government '
most ample means of both men and money, and 1
munitions of war, and whatever was necessary for
the defence of the country. And if the country
requires defending—if it is necessary to protect our
soil and jurisdiction, he would not stop to inquire
by what means we were brought into danger; he
would not stop to inquire by whose act it was
done. But while he said this, candor required him
to declaie, that there was a vast difference between
a war which was aggressive in its character,
war carried on for foreign conquest, and a war
which was prosecuted for the defence of our homes
and our friends. Much had been said regarding
the origin of the war, and on whom rested the
responsibility of bringing it about. The Constitu-
tion gives to Congress, and to Congress alone, the
power to make war' and peace. It was confided
as a matter of security to that body, and to that
body alone. But while Congress has recognised
the existence of this war, there has been no dec-
laration of war by Congress to this day; and we
stand heic involved in hostilities with a sister re-
public without a declaration of war on our part
from the competent authority, and without any
declaration of war on the part of Mexico, from the
competent authority. That was our position.
I The circumstances under which Congiess recog-
| nised the war, were familiar to the minds of all
j the Senators. It was said then that there was no
i tune for discussion. It was said that it was a
period which demanded action. The necessity
I was of an imperious character. It was thought
best, therefore, to posipone to a future and con-
! venient day, all discussion of the subject, and vote
the supplies immediately. That was the under-
standing; and it seemed now that the period had
arrived when the subject was to undergo discus-
sion and examination.
Well, then, what were tho causes of the war?
Whence did it originate ? He, was not about to go
into its remote causes, nor to discuss in detail any
of its causes He thought it was now admitted on
all sides of the Chamber—it was allowed by mem-
bers on the other side as well as on this—that the
annexation of Texas was both tho remote and the
proximate cause of the war. The contest yester-
day upon the other side of the Senate was. when
and where the war was commenced; admitting this
to be the cause.
Mr. CALHOUN begged to correct the honor-
able Senator. So far as he was concerned, he had
never said thatannexatiou was the cause of the war.
Mr. OA VIS continued. He was about to say
that this was admitted 011 all sides of the Senate,
though he did not allude particularly to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina. It was inferred the
other dav, by the Senator from Louisiana, that
annexation was the cause of the war, and this was
maintained alsolby the Senator from Missouri yes-
terday. The ditt'eience between them and the
Senator from South Carolina was, that, while they
assigned the annexation of Texas as the cause of
the war, he said that the admission of Texas was
not necessarily the cause, (but that it had proved
! to be so, he thought the Senator would not deny,)
;l but if more judicious counsels had been followed,
[j it would not have occasioned a war. It did not
, follow, then, fiorn the position assumed by the
i| Senator, that it was not the cause of the war.
|| Mr. CALHOUN. It may have been the occa-
I! sion of the war, but not the cause.
Mr. DAVIS. I will adopt the Senator's dis-
tinction. I will adopt his phraseology. It was the
occasion of the war. Well. Now, sir, why was
Texas annexed to the United States ? There have
been, in the course of this debate, some disclosures
m regard to this matter. Why was Texas annexed
to the United States? Why was that act done of
which the Senator from South Carolina informs us
that he claims the honor of being the author? The
honor of that epoch in the history of this country the
Senator claims as belonging to him, and he declares
that he is proud of the distinction to be derived
from it. The Senator, if I understand him cor-
rectly, admits that Texas was annexed to the
United States at what he considers an opportune
moment—a golden moment, as he expresses it—
because he thought it expedient that slavery should
continue. He thought that there was danger that
the institution of shivery might be abolished in
that territory, and that that moment, when the
golden opportunity presented itself, was seized
upon for the purpose of giving it peipetuity.
Mr. CALHOUN said, his impression (if the
Senator would allow him to interrupt him for a
moment) was, that, if slavery was abolished in
that territory, it would be abolished 111 all the
States.
Mr. DAVIS continued. The Senator wished
slavery to be sustained there, that it might be sus-
tained in other States. He wished to do the Sen-
ator no injustice; he wished to state his position
fairly, as he had laid it down. The Senator is not
alone in that position. He considered it, then, as
a fact, established beyond all controversy, that this
was the Senator's motive for the annexation of
Texas. There were other reasons for annexation
which had not been alluded to, and he took leave
merely to suggest them. He thought there had
been proof enough that there was a large body of
persons m Texas to whom the Government of
that republic was largely indebted, who held the
paper of that Government, and who were more
anxious to be annexed to a country lhe Govern-
ment of which had some money in its treasury,
with the hope of obtaining payment of the debts
due to them, than the honorable Senator from
South Carolina could have been on account of the
! subject of slavery. There was also .mother cause,
j which had in certain quarters no inconsiderable
1 weight and influence, which weight and influence
I was brought to bear upon the subject of annexa-
1 Hon. A sentiment of ambition had crept into the
i mind of the then incumbent in the chair of State.
; He looked forward to glory and renown as asso-
!i ciated with his name; he expected to build up a
; reputation for himself by being the author of this
, act. It w-as not necessary to go into the proof of
this. All the world knew it; the world had evi-
dence enough of it. It was a combination of events
I of this description that caused the annexation of
l Texas to the United States. He believed it was
I well understood that the then incumbent of the
jj chair of State, in carrying out the views which he
! entertained 111 relation to this subject, had hoped
to attain the Presidential chair. He hoped it would
recommend him so strongly in the public estima-
tion that it might by that means elevate him to
that high station. In this he failed. On the 4th
March, 1845, the measure fell from his hands.
!| And what followed ? The present Administration
' took it up at this point, and followed precisely the
!j same policy which was laid down by the Senator
'l from South Carolina, and which was so much con-
demned by the Senator from Missouri yesterday.
The same plan was carried out as that which had
been partly carried out during the late Adminis-
tration. It was followed up by despatching the
resolution to Texas. Hasty as it was, objection-
able as it was, according to the Senator from Mis-
j souri yesterday, it was approved of by the Presi-
dent, and, unless common rumor was extremely
, at fault, the present Administration, m the course
, it took, was but carrying out the views of the
Senator. He could not vouch for the truth of the
j rumor; but this he knew, that there was an un-
: derstanding everywhere that the course recom-
j mended by the Senator from South Carolina met
the approbation of the President. These resolutions
: were sent to Texas, and they were complied with;
j: their terms and conditions were assented to; and,
i under these circumstances, Congress met m De-
cember, 1845. Then came the message of the
President, and here they had a starting point in
the matter. They learned from the message of the
