510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
or newspapers as shall be designated by the postmaster of
the town or place where the office advertising is situated, m
the nearest newspaper thereto : Prodded, The editor or edi-
tors of such paper or papers shall asjre-e to insert the same
for a price not greater than that now fixed by law."
There were ayes 67, noes 45; no quorum voting,
another count was had, when there were ayes 74,
noes? 18; still no quorum.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved that the commit-
tee rise, in order that the House might take pro-
ceedings to ascertain if a quorum was present.
The committee then rose, and reported that the
committee had found itself without a quorum.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved a call of the
House; which motion was decided by yeas and
nayst^Yeas 74, nays 76.
So the House refused to have a call.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired if it were in
order to move to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the consideration of the bill, so that
the House might act on it?
The SPEAKER said it might be done by unani-
mous consent.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its ses-
sion, and the question was again put on agreeing
to the amendment of Mr. Bowlin: Ayes 81, noes
27 r no quorum voting.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON requested Mr. Bowlin
to withdraw his amendment.
Mr BOWLIN then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SEAMAN moved to amend the bill by ad-
ding to the end thereof a new section, providing
for the payment to Howland & Aspinwall of a
draft for $5,000, drawn by James Reeside, in 1835,
on the Post OiKee Depaitment, and accepted by
the treasurer of the department, which draft was
protested, and never paid.
The PJHAl Ft ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. SEAMAN appealed.
The question was stated and put on the appeal,
and the Chair was sustained.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
THE PATENT LAWS.
The bill in addition to, and in amendment of,
the several acts to promote the progress of the
useful arts, was taken up.
Sundry alterations and amendments, both verbal
and written, were made thereto.
Mr. MACLAY moved to amend the fourteenth
section so as to require the oath to be taken " be-
fore a judge of the United States district or circuit
court'* by the patentee, &c. Agreed to.
Mr. MACLAY also moved to amend said sec-
tion by stiikmg out the woids " and report to the
said judge whether, in their opinion, the rights, or
any part thereof, so secured by letter* patent, are
violated; and the persons so appointed and autho-
rized shall be held under oath of secrecy," and in-
serting " with the consent of the party charged
with such infringement, the house, shop,or other
place where such invention is said to be used,
which house, shop, or other place, shall be de-
scribed in such complaint; and such persons shall
be competent witnesses, if not otherwise legally
disqualified, in any bill, suit, or other legal pro-
ceeding touching such patent or the infringement
thereof, but shall be sworn by said judge.*'
On this section of the bill a debate arose, m
which Mr. HENLEY, Mr. STANTON, and
others, submitted remarks explanatory of its pro-
visions.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, considered
the whole section as highly objectionable. It al-
lowed a man's premises to be entered and search-
ed, and, if he refused permission, it was to be ta-
ken as primafacic evidence that he was engaged in
violating the rights of a patentee. Nor was the
difficulty much obviated by laying the searchers
under oath not to disclose what they might see or
hear there. No doubt it might happen that the
rights ofa patentee would sometimes be violated in
the clandestine manner intended to be remedied by
this part of the bill. But the proof could usually
be obtained in a different way; and where it could
not, it was better that the injury should be en-
dured than that, in remedying1 it, afar greater one
should be committed against the general right
guarantied by the Constitution against domiciliary
searches. If the amendment now proposed should
be added, (which required the assent of the own-
ers of the premises,) the whole section would be
nugatory; and without the amendment it would
be injurious. Mr. R. would therefore move, at
the pioper time, to strike it out of the bill.
Mr. HENLEY defended the provision of this |
section. Inventors were often defrauded of their j
rights by the secret manufacture of the article, to '
make which they had an exclusive right by Jaw.
The machine, or other process by which this is
done, might be locked up in an apartment where
none could enter but those interested in the fraud,
and the article thus made might be sold under the
very eyes of the inventor, and he be left without a
remedy. There was no other way to prevent this
than by authorizing, in some way, an examination
of the premises. He knew the difficulty and deli-
cacy of any legislation for such an end; but this
subject had been cautiously examined, and it
seemed to be attended with as little restriction on
individual rights as was compatible with the na-
ture of the case. !
Mr. ROCKWELL said he was a favorer of ,
inventors; and he was disposed to go as far as i
any man in guarding their rights, and securing to '
them the just reward of their talents and ingenuity. ,
He knew, too, how extensively their rights were ;
sacrificed by fraud and avarice. Certainly, his ;
own State was as much interested in a question of
this kind as any other in the Union; for he believed
there was as great a variety of inventions and of
patented rights in Connecticut as were to be found
within the" same space anywhere. But, sooner
than permit a searching committee to enter a man's
premises against his will, and examine all the work
he might there be carrying on, he would vote
against the whole bill. Better that no patent rights
be granted than the odious practice of search-war-
rants introduced to guard them.
Mr. HENLEY asked the gentleman what he
would do in the case supposed ?
Mr. ROCKWELL repeated that if an article
was unlawfully made and sold, the fraudulent
maker and vender could, in almost all <$ses, be de-
tected and proceeded against. He was not like the
terrible admiral whose name nobody could speak
or spell; but where all detection was impossible,
the evil, like many others, must be endured. The
suspected individual nught have secret intentions
of nis own, which another manufacturer had no
right to get access to. The law was oppressive in
its tendency, and liable to great abuses.
Messrs. SEABORN JONES, STANTON, and
McHENRY, spoke against the motion, and Mr.
OWEN in its favor.
When, the question being taken on Mr. Ma-
ci.ay's amendment, it was rejected; and,
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, the section
was stricken out.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, inquired of
the Chair whether an amendment which he had
prepared would be m order? He explained it as
having reference to the extension by order of Gov-
ernment of a line of Morse's telegraph from this
city to New Orleans. He stated that General Jes-
up had declared to him that if such a line had
existed at the commencement of the war it would j
have saved to the Government not less than three ,
millions of dollars on the contracts for the public j
service. A company had been raised which were j
ready to carry it a part of the distance: and if j
$30,000 could be advanced to them by Govern- ;
ment, to be refunded at the close of the war, or j
taken out in the costs of transmitting intelligence, !
the whole line could be completed by the opening ;
of the next session of Congress.
Mr. H. advocated the amendment on principles
of economy in the mode of conducting the war.
The resolution having been read for informa-
tion—
The CHAIR pronounced it not to be in order.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
APPROPRIATION BILT.S.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the Indian Ap-
propriation bill, and the amendments of the Senate
thereto. Agreed to.
The amendments of the Senate were read and
concurred in, except the amendment" For the pay-
ment of claims provided for by the fourth article of
the treaty made on the 14th day of January, 1837,
with the Saginaw tribe of the Chippewa Indians,
named in schedule B, annexed to said treaty,
$12,243 75," which was disagreed to.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to take up
the amendments reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to be offered to this bill.
The CHAIR ruled the motion out of order, as
the committee had acted on the amendments of the
Senate, and no further amendment could be made
to the bill.
The bill was then laid aside.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee took
up the bill making appropriations for the Military
Academy, and amendments of the Senate thereto.
The amendment!#* of the Senate were read and
agreed to, and the bill was laid aside to be re-
ported.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, the bill
authorizing the erection of certain light-houses,
and for other purposes, was taken up.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved the following amend-
ment, to come in after the enacting words in the
first section:
"That as soon a ccssion shall be made by the States,
respectively, within the lurnts ot which any of the light-
houses and other public works hereinafter piovided for may
bj situated, to the United State5?, of the jurisdiction over a
tract of land, respectively, proper for the &aid light-houses
and other public works, the Secretary of the Tr^a-ury e-hall
came the said Hghf-hou*es and other public woiks to be
erected; and that he shall cau*e the liiiht-hou-os and other
public uoiks heiein piovided for, which may be situated on
such locations as ore now within and under the jun.-'diciion
of the United States to be erected as soon as piacticahle;
and"
Ml*. SIMS made some remarks in advocacy of
the amendment; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEAMAN moved as an amendment: " For
a red light on Governor's Island, $150." Agreed
to.
The following item, " For a light-house on Cat-
araugus creek, 13,000" being read,
Mr. LEWIS moved to strike out " ^jOGO," and
insert $4,000. Agreed to.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved an amendment, to
come in at the end of the items for New York,
viz: "For furnishing the light-houses on the At-
lantic coast with means of rendering assistance to
| shipwrecked mariners, $5,000; the same to be
under the control and diiection of the Secretary of
the Treasury." Agreed to.
Mr. DARRAGH moved an amendment appro-
priating fifty thousand dollars for the crection of
marine hospitals at Pittsburg, Paducah, and Cleve-
land.
!j The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order,
jj Mr WRIGHT moved an amendment: "For
|i the erection of a light-house on the ridge at the en-
| trance of Newark harbor, near Bergen Point, New
Jersey, £5,000."
Some conversation ensued as to the propriety of
this light, between Messrs. SEAMAN, GRIN
NELL, and McCLELLAND.
! Mr. SEAMAN moved to add to the amend-
ment, " if the Secietary of the Treasury may deem
it expedient or necessary."
Mr. WRIGHT accepted the modification.
The question was, put, and the amendment dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved an appropriation of $7,000
for a light-boat to be stationed at the mouth of York
river, Virginia, if, in the opinion of the Secretary,
it be deemed necessary.
A conversation ensued on this amendment be-
tween Messrs. BAYLY, WHITE, McCLEL-
LAND, and WENTWORTH.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment disagreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved another amendment, pro-
viding for a light-house on Hog island. Disagreed
to.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved an amendment provi-
ding for placing buoys m Winyah channel, lead-
ing to the port of Georgetown, South Carolina,
: §1,000.
Mr. SIMS stated the utility of the measure. It
i was disagreed to.
| Mr. ROOT moved to amend the item for a light-
j house at Vermillion river, $3,000, so that it would
| read: " For a beacon-hght and preparing the head
! of pier for the same at Vermillion river, $3,000/'
j Mr. R. explained the amendment. It was
i agreed to.
! Mr. WENTWORTH moved an amendment:
: " For a light-house at Copper harbor, Fort Wil-
: kins, Lake Superior, Michigan, $5,000.''
; This amendment gave rise to some discussion,
i which was participated in bv Messrs. BARICLEY
MARTIN, WENT WORTH, WINTHROP,W
W. CAMPBELL, JOS. R. INGERSOLL, Mc-
CLELLAND, HAMLIN, GILES, J. THOMP-
SON, THOMASSON, DOUGLASS, PAYNE
McKAY, PILLSBURY, and T. B. KING.
