514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
appropriations for all time to come. He would
Siot put his hands into the public treasury to make
an improper, he had almost said, an unconstitu-
tional, use of the public money—of the money of
his constituents.
Mr. BAGBY observed, that he was not prepared
to vote for this bill at present, and he therefore ob-
jected to the second reading at this time. He sub-
sequently withdrew his objection, however, and
the bill was read a second time. It was then
passeds by to be taken up in Committee of the
Whole to-morrow.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Committee on Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Mrs. j
Clara H. Pike, widow of General Zebulon M.
Pjjre, praying; to be restored to the pension roll;
and also from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of David Whelply, for extra compensation for [
services in the expedition of General Pike. !
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju- 1
diciary, to whom had been referred the memorial )
of Charles Stearns, submitted a report thereon-, |
which was ordered to be printed. 1
Mr. A., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the petition of William Hogan, ad-
ministrator of Michael Hogan, deceased, submit*
ted a report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill for the relief of the estates of
Benjamin Mctoyer and Francois Gaiennie, de-
ceased, reported the same without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do not pass.
On motion by Mr. A., the Committee on the Ju-
diciary was discharged from the furthei consider-
ation of the memoiial of citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, respecting tiic importation
of foreign criminals and paupers.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Committee
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of H. H. Bildreth.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration, as in committee of the whole,
of the bill from the House making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending on the 30th day of
June, 1848. '
The question pending was upon agreeing* to the
following amendment, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Cameron:
That the Secretary of the Tiea-urv he j >twiefe<] m pay
to Ritchie & Heiss the amount deducted by The committees
of the Senate and House of Repre^MntiUivosi from their ac-
count^, ih tendered, for printing furnished and delivered
previous to the parage of the putiung law now in opeia-
uon.
Mr. EVANS said that his attention had been
directed to certain facts connected with this mat-
ter, which led him to form a different opinion with
respect to the propriety of this amendment, from
that which he had yesterday entertained. There
was a manifest difference between the printing; of
the Senate and that of the House, as regarded the
terms of the contract with the public printers.
The printing for the Senate was taken under the
most distinct agreement that the prices were to be
fixed by Congress during the session. The print-
ing of the House, as he understood it now, though
he had not so understood it before, was taken
and executed under no such agreement whatever
On the contrary, the printer of the House was
elected without the slightest regard to compensa- !
tion, but entered into the contract, and gave bonds i
for its fulfilment, upon the basis of the prices of i
the resolution of 1SJ9. The contract with the Sen-
ate was on the basis of prices being fixed by Con- !
gress during the session. He could therefore see I
a pretty strong claim for compensation so far as I
regards the printing of the House, but none as re- I
gards the printing of the Senate; and would move !
to strike out the words which related to the print- -
ing of the Senate. j
Mr. CAMERON" then rose and said that the
Senator from Maine was correct as to the contract j
with the House. He had received a communica- '
turn from Mr. John P. Heiss, which set forth
clearly the facts presented by him (Mr. C.) yes-
terday. He would send that letter to the Secre-
tary s desk, so that it might be read.
On the 3d of March, 1845, Congress passed a
law declaring that the prices paid for the public
printing should be at a deduction of twenty per
ccnt. from those of 1819; th&t on the 2d December,
1846, they were elected printers to the House of
Representatives, and on the 15th of that month
they were elected printers to the Senate; that seven
months afterwards a joint resolution was passed,
reducing- still further the rates established by law,
and making it retroactive in its effcct. Messrs.
Ritchie & Heiss claim that the prices allowed by
the law of 1845 were legally due them, until that
act was abrogated by the law of July, 1846, and
that the latter act could have no operation, so as
to set aside a public act until the joint resolution
was passed and approved by the President. It had
been contended that the Senate had made a stipu-
lation prior to the election of^he printers that
those gentlemen should be governed by any de-
duction which that body or Congress should think
proper; but no such stipulation was entered into
by the House. If, therefore, the Senate resolu-
lution could be construed to act retrospectively,
still, there not being any such understanding with
the House, it was unjust and inequitable to make
such action apply to that body. It was contended
further that the printers did not understand the
preliminary resolution of the Senate as compel-
ling them to submitto any reduction from what the
law allowed for work done previous to its passage.
The delay which took place in the passage of the
law was not the fault of the printers, but of Con-
gress. Any other construction, it was contended,
would operate most unjustly and oppressively, in-
asmuch as their contract bound them to execute
the printing promptly and correctly, under heavy
penalties, and the Senate might, if they had thought
proper, have reduced the printing sixty or eighty
per ccnt., and compelled them to a heavy sacrifice
and ruin, if such could be construed retroactively.
The printers would m that case have had no op-
portunity to vacate their contract, or have saved
themselves from inevitable ruin.
Mr. WEBSTER consideied the case as not
much altered by the communication which had
been read, but it had opened a different aspect to
him after the statement of the Senator from Maine.
He thought there was a difference m the contract
made by the House and that made by the Senate;
still, as the Senate had, on a former occasion,
acted generously to its printers, and as the meas-
ure in this case was not more liberal than it had
been in that instance, he was disposed to vote for
the appropriation. But he must complain of the
style and mariner in which the printing- was done.
There was a f>rcat want of promptness and neat-
ness in the execution. Massachusetts sends copies
of her bills here, which present a striking contrast
to those of this body, and arc probably printed at
half the expense.
Mr. CLAYTON expressed his belief that the
Senator from Massachusetts had not examined the
subject with sufficient care. Did that Senator tin-
dcistand that this amendment would .give the prin-
ter 80 per ccnt. above the price contracted for by
him? It was to pay for the whole of the printing
according to the rates established by the joint reso-
lution of 1819. He then slated the circumstances
attending the election of Ritchie and Heiss Dy the
Senate, and the understanding which was entered
into at the time of their election. If he understood
what was done in the House, a resolution was
adopted, and a committee appointed, and the pi in-
ters were clectcd subject to that resolution. The
House would understand this better than he did,
and would act on its own understanding of the mat-
ter. He claimed that they should be paid accord-
ing to law, and fully according to law. He had
not heard that they had suffered any loss by their
contract. If they could show that they had lost
money by it, then the case would stand on a better
footing. * But from the estimates of other printers
furnished to the House, it was shown that on six
documents only, our punters had realized a profit
of about $77,000. He thought this would be con-
sidered a liberal profit.
Mr. EVANS again stated his view of the mat-
ter. In the House of Representatives the contract
contained no such condition as that of the Sen-
ate. The House appointed a committee to inquire
whether the rates at which the printing1 was ex-
ecuted could not be reduced. In the meantime
they had elected their printers, who consequently
were to do the printing on the tei ms then existing.
The resolution was not intended to affect the rates
until after the contract made with the printers had
expired.
Mr. WEBSTER said that according to the state-
ment just made, the printers, so far as the House
was concerned, stood on strict legal rights. It was
said that a different rule governed us, because there
had been an express understanding in the contract
that so far as this body was concerned, the prices
paid should be such as might afterwards be fixed
by law. The printing of the Senate amounted to
about one-fifth of the whole, and to the other four-
fifths the parties are legally entitled. Was it worth
while to make any difference? He was willing to
strike out the words; but he could not help feeling
that it was a narrow view of things, and he would
be perfectly willing to go a little beyond the literal
meaning of the contract.
Mr. SIMMON'S said he believed that at the time
when these printers were elected they were willing
to take the printing on any terms we might choose
to prescribe. On this account, therefore, he would
be willing to give them all that the law allows
them. They were in our power, and he would hold
them, too, strictly to their agreement.
Mr. HUNTINGTON insisted that the amend-
ment was a violation of the agreement made with,
these printers-, and that they were neither entitled
to additional compensation here nor in the House
of Representatives. They stood on precisely the
same ground as to both Houses. To show this,
Mr. H. read the contract.
Mr. MOREHEAD desired to call the attention
of some of his friends back to the manner in which
they had voted on a similar question in 1842.
The Senator from Connecticut, he was aware, did
not vote for that resolution. It would be recollect-
ed that m the 27th Congress, printeis were called
on for estimates. Gales & Seaton, taunted by
this mode of proceeding, stated their willingness
to take the printing at 20 per cent, under the
rates of the existing law. We had pinned them
to that offer when we came into power in 1841.
They had afterwards found it a losing business,
and came to us with their complaints, when we at
once relieved them. These printers, doubtless,
arc doing also a losing business. Although there
had been something in their recent course which
justly rendered them obnoxious to censure, he
would vote for this allowance, and not permit his
course to be influenced by what had recently taken
place m this Chamber.
Mr. DAYTON stated the circumstances which
had led to the appropriation for Gales & Seaton.
The profits are realized, not so much from the
rates of the ordinary printing, as from the extra
number of documents which may be ordered.
Gales & Seaton satisfied everybody that they were
losers. If these parties could prove that they also
are losers, he would puisue the same course to-
waids them.
Mi. BADGER stated that as he was not in the
Senate at the time alluded to, he had no con-
sistency either to preserve or to endanger by his
vote on this question. The fact of the allowance
to Gales & Seaton rather strengthened than weak-
ened his opposition to the amendment. No con-
tract could hereafter be made with any printer, if
he was to be allowed to come here afterwards,and
receive additional pay on his complaining that he
was a loser: and thus the same thing would be
done over and over. The contractors from New
Yoik, who have agreed to exccute our printing
much lower than any printer would undertake it
for in this city, if we passed this amendment,
might come here and say they had lost money,
and might ask relief. He did not perceive that
the printing was done in such a style of excel-
lence as would found a claim to any unusual liber-
ality on the part of the Senate. The sum paid to
Gales & Seaton was because they had made a
losing bargain. If such was the case here, let the
case be put on its proper ground, and he would
then look more favorably upon it.
Mr. CALHOUN thought there was a material
difference in the position which these printers occu-
pied in relation to the Senate, and that in which
they stood with regard to the House. He would
therefore vote for the motion to strike out the
words relating to the Senate.
After a few words m explanation from Mr.
EVANS and Mr. CLAYTON, the question was
taken on the amendment moved by Mr. Eyavs to
Mr. Cameron's amendment, and decided in the
negative: Ayes 21, noes 22.
