m
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
So far as the boundary proposed to be defended
by the honorable Senator from South Carolina is
concerned, I am well content with it as a perma-
nent boundary io fixing the future limits between
this country and Mexico, and to this purpose I am
"willing to contribute by a proper indemnity upon
a final adjustment of our difficulties. It has been
conclusively shown by that Senator, that vacant
and unoccupied territory is the only accession,
which iu sound policy we should think of making
in that quarter. Mexico and the United States are
peopled by two distinctand utterly unhomogeneous
races. In no reasonable period could we amalga-
mate. Nomadic m their habits, and grossly ig-
norant, as a vast proportion of them are, they are
utterly unfit for the blessings and the restraints of
rational liberty, because they cannot compiehend
the distinction between regulated freedom, and that
unbridled licentiousness which consults only the
evil passions of the human heart, making each man
the avenger of his own wrongs, and government
itself a mere plaything, at the capricious pleasure
of the infuriated mass. With them as with our
own savage tribes, liberty is the utter absence of
civil restiaint and of laws. For many long, long
years before they could be adapted to our institu-
tions, New England must have her schoolmasters
there in every hamlet and district. Sir, in my
opinion, no plan on our part will be effectual in
restoring peace between the two countries, but that
which includes the most vigorous and efficient
measures; and, therefore, I trust that all the ener-
gies of the nation will be directed to the prosecution
of offensive war during the campaign now in pro-
gress. So fur, our victories have been productive
of no results other than the individual glory, which
ail concede to the gallant officers and soldiery who
have participated m the various conflicts. Our
operations hitherto have been confined to the bor-
ders of Mexico; we have indicted upon their coun-
try none of the severities of war. The great mass
of the Mexican population have heard of the din
of war: but it is only m the far distance. The
feeling of security, the absence of apprehension,
is as complete with them as with us. 1 think I do
not venture too much in saying that so far this war
has been serviceable to them as a nation. It has uni-
ted opposite, contending, and bloody factions; and
for the first time in their history, the Government
begins to wear the appearance of stability, which a
mere defensive war on our pait, I think, would be
apt to strengthen. That there is no peace for us i
under such a state of things -1 must frankly say, '
is a conclusion n resistible with me. We must seek
peace with our armies m then scats of power and
wealth, the homes and palaces of their rulers—this
way lies peace. The road to the city of Mexico
is the road to peace. Their capital and other prin-
cipal cities in the hands of a well-appointed army,
evincing at every step a decided purpose, controlled
by clemency, but acting, whenever the occasion
requires, with proper seventy, and determined thus
to continue the war to its close, will ensure us a
peace prolfered by Mexico before the autumn leaf
hut? fallen. In this position we can support our
armies, because we can avail ourselves of their re-
venues, by enforcing the regulations which we pie-
scribe; we can command their contributions; we
can confiscate their public property; we can enforce
all the rights of conquerors for the time being. But
to any such vigorous and decided measures, ! hear
objections founded m the nature and constitution
of the Mexicans, as descendants of the Spaniards,
who.de indomitable resistance to the Moors several
centuries back, and to Napoleon within our own
tune, has been arrayed here, as an argument a<rai nst
the prosecution of a war of invasion on our part.
This argument, if it agreed with the case, would
be very good; but under existing circumstances
it is worth nothing. In the fust place, all the in-
formation I possess teaches me that a vast majority
of the Mexican people have .scarcely a drop o/Span- ,
ish blood in their veins. They are principally In- I
dians and a mon^-ef race, v-uh the negro stock in- !
grafted on the Indian, and occasionally a mixture I
of Spanish. I'nr Spaniards and their descendants '
do not constitute one-fifth of the entire population, j
So that the great proportion have not this inherent j
obstinacy in conJLcf. But admitting that they were i
all Spaniards—all descendants u of high Castile or j
lofty Arragon"—to make the argument of value \
the ca«es must be parallel. Between the Moors and 1
Spaniards, the wai was one of extermination on l
both sides; the objcct was the exclusive possession >
of the country, which was covered with their re-
spective cities, and temples and palaces; and to ef-
fect the purpose of either side, the entire destruction
of the opposite race was necessary. It was, more-
over, a war between two contrary systems of re-
ligion. It was the crescent arrayed against the cross,
the mosque against the monastery. And the deep
struggle was whether the land should be dedicated
to Allah and his bloody prophet, or the one true
and living God. The objects of Napoleon in Spain
were scarcely less offensive to a people boasting
their independence from the extinction of the Ro-
man rule over mankind. He came amongst them
to displace their ancient dynasty, to dethione the
descendant of a long race of their kings, and to
dispossess their nobility, with immemorial descent,
of the homes, and the lands, an^the palaces, and
the castles, where, for a hundred generations, their
ancestors had held undisputed authority. And here
again the masses could be roused by appeals to
their piety, for it was well known that the soldiers
cradled in the French revolution carried no religion
in their ranks, and regarded mosqueand abbey with
equal indifference. The object of Napoleon was
the substitution of a new race of monarchs in the
person of his brother, than which nothing could
be more offensive to Spanish pride and Spanish
prejudice. Theie had moreover existed for ages
an inherent warlike rivalry between Prance and
Spain. Their bloody conflicts had often resound-
ed amid the passes of the Pyrenees and the Alps,
or struggling for empire on the plains of Italy,
where the field of Pavia bears eternal testimony to
the glory of Spain, or back in France where Ro-
croy witnessed the utter annihilation of the famed
and dreaded Spanish infantry. Here were motives
as strong as can actuate the human heart to end-
less resistance. They were fighting for all that
men and nations hold dear on this side the grave.
The memoiies of long ages, filled with the heroic
deeds of their ancegtois, loused them to the pre-
servation of their own and their country's inde-
pendence. Their cities carried by assault, their
villages smoking in ruins, the midnight air filled
with the cries of their unhappy daughters, driven
forth naked and perishing from the altars where
they had vowed themselves to God and sanctity;
their consecrated cloisters resounding with the rev-
elries of a brutal soldiery, all combined, would
have roused to madness and to dame the lowest
human heart that ever beat responsive to the
words home and country. What parallel is there
m all th is with the nroposition tur offensive meas-
ures on on# part against Mexico? In what single
point does the resemblance exist? In marching
upon the city of Mexico, and possessing ourselves
of her strongholds, what is the object which they
well know we entertain 3 Reparation for wrongs
which she lias indicted on us, and which repara-
tion we desire her to make by the conclusion of a
treaty of peace and limits, as honorable to her as
it can be to us. We aslc at her hands, as we have
often asked before, in kind language, the payment
of long withheld indemnities, and the establish-
ment of a fixed boundary. These are the terms of
peace. As to the acquisition of territory included
ill the terms, we ask it jointly by way of purchase
and indemnity or satisfaction for the present war,
and it is only to be taken from her vacant and un-
occupied teiritory, lying along our bordeis, essen-
tial to us, useless to her, and which is already sub-
dued by our aims, in the chances of a wai which
she had long provoked, and which she was more
eager to begin at last than we were.
Do we propose the subjugation and conquest of
Mexico? I do not believe there is one sane and
intelligent man m the. United States, who would
accept her, if she should make the voluntary offer.
Do we propose to overturn her Go\ermnent, and
give her'iulers and laws of our selection ? What
maniac ever conceived the thought? Is our pur-
pose to change the form of her religion, or to rob
and desecrate her leligious temples? The Consti-
tution of our country secures to the votaries of that
religion and all others, the fullest enjoyment of
their worship; churches and the chapels of the
Catholic lift, their proud spires in smiling security
all-over tins broad republic. And wliat"American
officer dare place his foot again upon his native
soil who fails to punish with unmitigated severity
the ruffian soldier under ins command who oif'ers j
violence to the inoffensive and unresisting ? But !
my friend from Ohio said the other day, that
Mexico would feel as indignant at the thought of '
surrendering to us any part .of her territory, its
we Would, should England attempt to wrest from
us Massachusetts, with the consecrated soil of
Bunker's Hill. Sir, I cannot admit the force of
the comparison, nor I presume will the people of
Massachusetts recognise it very readily. On the
one side, a teeming, industrious, and enlightened
population, the very home of science and art, learn-
ing and the muses, and covered at every step with
sanctified recollections of heroic suffering and mar-
tyrdom in the cause of liberty; on the other, a
wilderness uninhabited, save by bands of roving
savages. The fields of Mexican revolutionary-
glory lie not 111 the wilderness. She has no Bun-
ker's Hill, no Lexington, in California and New
Mexico. If she had^I might conceive the feeling
which my friend has pictured. I should then lis-
ten with an aching heart to her appeal, if humbled
before, us, and pointing to them as her tieasures,
she should ask us, if we intended to despoil her of
the fields where her independence was won, and
thegiaves where mouldered the bones of her he-
roes first stricken in fight. But this is not the case,
and in asking her to convey to us a portion of her
unoccupied territory, we are asking no more than
what our good nature induced us to do last sum-
mer, when, without any equivalent at all, we sur-
rendered to England two thirds or three-fourths of
our own territory in Oregon, and that, too, with
the decided approbation of those who now think it
very wrong to take any land from Mexico.
As to the causes of this war, I shall not enter
into them; its justice or its injustice, in my opin-
ion, have but little to do with its prosecution, when
the aim on all sides is to prosecute it for the sake of
a speedy termination. One thing, however, I may
injustice remark, that unless lefuted, the assign-
ment of causes made by the President in his open-
ing message must secure to us the verdict of pos-
terity. But be this as it may, one thing is certain,
we are engaged in war with an obstinate enemy,
and during its continuance I feel bound by the
highest sense of duty to contribute, by every means
in my power, to the success of my country's arms,
and the humiliation and overthrow of the enemy.
I stop not to ask the approval of casuists when
my heart bids me to know only my own coun-
try in the contest; and I fervently trust that God
may forever crown her eagle banner with victory,
whenever and wherever her sons may unfurl it
in battle, beneath the broad vault of Heaven.
Never may its glorious folds, dimmed and discol-
ored with the blood of its soldiers, trail in the dust.
I should deplore an unjust or an aggressive war as
much as any man; I would leave no proper means
untried for an accommodation; to secure peace, I
would yield everything but honor; hut whilst war
lasted I would strain every smew, exert every
nerve of the nation to impress the enemy and the
world with the terror of our arms. Su, the hunt-
ers-up of conscience cases may approve it or not:
I am well assured that this course it is my duty to
adopt and pursue. I would not, whilst the gloomy
cloud of war hung over the land, say to the ene-
my, "Go on! you are right—we are wrong! The
God of justice is on your side, and His avenging
hand will yet deliver to your toils our soldiers
bound hand and foot, so that you may flesh your
swords in their bosoms!" Sir, I would not say
to our own brave soldiers, " March slowly—trail
your arms—you are engaged it) an an just and
unholy war!" No. I would not paralyze their
strong arms and valiant hearts in the' hour of
battle! f would not rob them of the hope of Hea-
ven ! I would not shriek into the ear of the dyino-
soldier that for him no bright-ej-ed angels waited
above the smoke of the battle—that he must
never hope for Paradise! No ! but I would say to
our soldiers, " Advance your standard ! Wave it
high in air! Let its flashing folds make music;
when the battle is over, let the blaze of victory
surround it, or let your lifeless bodies be piled in
pyramids on thegoiy field! Onward in this spirit,
or dream no more of the proud wife's kiss, or the
mother's blessing and her prayer!" For, 1 mvist
confess, I do not comprehend the forecast which
proposes the withdrawal of our armies, or the pru-
dence which declares in advance that we must at-
tach no Mexican territory to the Union. I assail
no Senator's motives—I question no Senator's pa-
triotism; I speak only to what I eoncene to be an
error of policy when I say, that in my view, the
adoption of any such proposition amounts, m ap-
pearance at lea:|t, to submission; and that whilst,
