m®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
cede that this could not enure to the President
alone, but must necessarily attach to the entire
treaty-making power, both him and the Senate.
The inevitable conclusions would be that this right
could not be exercised by the President alone; by
him in opposition to the Senate, or by him without
the accordant action of the Senate. Whilst such
a power was claimed for the President and the
Senate, conjointly and inseparably, it would be ad-
mitted that it was held concurrently with Congress;
and another necessary consequence would be, that
when Congress had declared the particular objects
and ends of a war, and the conditions upon which
it should be terminated, it would, in most cases,
carry the assent of the President, invariably that of
the Senate, in consequence of their being branches
of the legislative power, and piusr, therefore, in
every case be authoritative.
But the great and controlling power of Congress j
over the continuance of war, and the mode find j
objects of waging it, consists in its undeniable right j
to grant or withhold supplies both of men and 1
money. This is the most potential, but the ex-
treme remedy, and should not be resorted to until
all others fail. But it is a mighty power, and has
been so wielded by the Commons of England as
to win what of liberty that country now possesses.
It curbs her kings, and its exercise commands
their obedience by shaking their thrones to the
lowest foundations. The men of our Revolution
had read its history in the mother country, and
knew that in our system too it would be of inap-
preciable value. Having themselves felt the weight
of the galling yoke of tyranny, and being devoted
soul and mind to liberty, they mrorpoiated this
great popular power m our Constitution, and pro- .
vided for its frequent and vigilant exercise by for-
bidding appropriations for a longer period than two j
years, however imperative and urgent the case. ;
The panders of James K. Polk, and of Executive !
power generally, boldly deny to Congress (he tiirht !
to report to this power in all times of w<u\ It is
against the exigencies and the dangers of war times
particularly that it was intended to guard the free-
dom of the people. Its wisdom and necessity in
our system is daily becoming more apparent, and
if the concentration of all the powers of the Gov-
ernment in the President shall continue to pro-
gress, as doubtless it will, the time is not distant
when it will be the last citadel and the last hope of
the country.
It is thus seen that the President has no consti-
tutional power to involve the country in war, find
that it is made not a fieile matter by being entrust-
ed to the Representatives of the States and the peo-
ple; that Congress has the right to u'M'Heiatn ptnee
by declaring and restnotin.'!;, from time to time, the
objects of war, and to force it by withholding; sup-
plies; that the President and the Senate e,an at any
time terminate war by making peace; that the
President, m all cases except where his veto iy
overruled, and a majority of either House of Con-
gress may compel peace, by refusing assent to bills
of supply to continue the war; and that all laws to
raise means to carry on war must originate in the
House of Representatives How strongly and
strikingly is it m all this demonstrated that peace,
and not war, is the pervading principle of our sys-
tem; and that the arbitrament of these momentous
issues is referred mainly to the sovereign people,
and not to the one man, the President.
Having ascertained these general principles, let
us pioceed to examine their lelations and applica-
tion to the present condition of the country. The
United States is at war with Mexico. This war
was made by President Polk, of his own will di-
recting the march of the American army into the
territory of Mexico, then m her possession, and
governed by her laws, to oceupy it for the United
States. Tms was an act of usurpation, and in der-
ogation of the power of Congiess On the 13th of
M.iy last Congress recognised and adopted this
Presidential wai; but it made no manifesto of the
wiongs it intended to redress, or the objects to be
effected by the continuance of the war. A picatn-
ble of two lines recites: " Wl^neas, hy the act of
the repubhc of Mexico, a state of war exists between
that Government and the United States." So far as
this, or the law to which it is appended, indicates the
objects of the war on the "part of the United States,
they were defence and peace only, nothing hut se-
curity and a cessation of hostilities: and the war
could legitimately be prosecuted by the President
to no other end&*, und whenever the United States
were freed of the arms of Mexico, and sheevidenced
a willingness to stop hostilities, it was the duty of
him and the Senate to treat of peace only. But
there were other matters involved in this war. The
President had sent a special message to Congress,
which took three distinct grounds for it on the part
of the United States. 1. Mexico had invaded the
territory of the United States by crossing the Rio
Grande, and shedding American blood on Ameri-
can soil m an attack on a detachment of our army.
2. That she had refused to treat upon the question
of boundary, or to recognise the true line between
the two countries. 3. That she had failed to pay
the sums which she had assumed by treaty stipu-
lations for spoliations upon the property ot Amer-
ican citizens, and to make satisfaction for similar
unadjusted demands.
It might properly be contended in favor of Mr.
Polk, that Ins message should be considered in
connexion with the law which was the consequence
of it; and that, in this mode, Congress had suffi-
ciently indicated its assent to the causes and pur-
poses of the war, as set out in his message. Such
a position might be a sufficient justification to Mr.
Polk, as commander-in-chi^f, to prosecute the war
to that extent: it is none to Congress, because it
leaves the matter-in too much ambiguity, even as
to those points. But certainly it cannot be con-
tended that Congress had ends, and authorized a
scope to be given in waging this war beyond both
their own law and the President's message. And
Mr. Polk, being merely its agent to give effect to
the war power, should have submitted himself lit-
erally to its wiil and behests. Let us inquire if he j
has so acted. i
As President, Mr. Polk had nothing to do with I
the war but to approve of or dissent from the bill j
recognising its existence. Having signed it, Ins j
only"function as President bearing upon the war,
except to treat of peace, was executed; and his
character arid powers as commandcr-in-chief only
then applied. Pie had the right under Congress to
order such parts of the army and navy as he willed ■
to serve in the war, and to detail any ofticcr to the :
entire command, or to appoint several to head as
many expeditions. Mr. Polk adopted the latter
plan", and sent out a naval expedition under Cap-
tain Sloat into the Pacific to take possession of the
Californias; while he ordered General Taylor to
I cross the Rio Grande with his army and attack
j Mexico on the northeast, and Geneial Kearny at
1 the head of another army was directed to occupy
i New Mexico, and with a part of it to cross over
into Upper California to sustain the navy, and se-
cure the possession of that country. Mr. Polk,
through the War and Navy Departments, gave
these several commanders military orders and in-
structions. In those to General Taylor is this pas-
sage:
'< Avail! ng jouifHf of divisions winch you may find ex-
isting Junong'llie Mexican people—to winch .illusion has
beeiMiiade—itveill h • jour pobev to cncoiuaire the -epamte
di'pailment^ or States, and e^pecallv those which \ou may
nivaile and occupy, to dm hue their independence of the Cen-
tral Crovei nment of.We\ico, and either to become on) allies,
or to a^ume, as it is understood Yucatan h.w done, a neu-
tral attitude in the existing war between the United States
and M-'Xieo. fn such of the dcpnitment> or States as may
take lfiii cww, you will giv< the inhabitant*: 2i<«umu res. ot"
the protection ot your annv until the return of pence, so far
as inav he con-i>tent with your mihtaiy plans of operation.
When peace is made they mjy decide Jorthcmseh cs their o-m
form of zovernmenlS*
In the orders to General Kearny the Executive
says:
" Should vou eonquei and take possession of NewATex-
leo and Upper California, or considerable places m either,
vou will establish temporuru civil governments thoein, abol-
ishing all arbitrary restrictions that may evi^t, *o far as it
may be done with safety. In performing this dutv it would
lie wise and prudent to continue m their employment all
such of the existing officers a- are known to be friendly to
the United States, and will take the oath of allegiance to
them. The duties at the custom-houses ought at onee to be
reduced to such rale as may he bareh sufficient to maintain
the noee<«aiy officers, without yielding any revenue to the
i Government. You may assure the people of those prov-
I mces that it is the fish and den*n ot the United States to
S provide for them a free Government, With the least possible
! delay, similar to that which exists in our Territories. They
1 will then be called upon to exercise the lights of fieemen
j in eleetin  their own representative to the Territorial Le%isla-
1 tare. It h foreseen that what relates to the civil government
| will be a ditlicult and unpleasant part of your duty, and
, much must necessarily he left to your own discretion."
In the orders from the Navy Department to
Captain Stockton, a successor of Commodore
Sloat, there is addressed to him this strong com-
mand :
" Without being animated by any ambitious spirit of con-
quest, our naval and military forces must hold the jjorts and
territory of the enemy of winch po?st'*hion has been obtain-
ed by their arms. You will, therefore, under no circum-
stances, voluntarily lov>er the fias; of the United States, or
relinquish the actual possession of Upper California. Of
other points of tlni Mexiean territoiy, which the forces under
your command may occupy, you will maintain the possession^
or withdraw, && in your judgment may be most advantageous
in prosecution of the war."
The meaning and spirit of these several passages
are literally repeated, enforced with emphasis, and
minutely elaborated many times in the same and
subsequent orders. They expressed well-consider-
ed purposes of Mr. Polk's administration. And
how were they understood and executed by the
commanders to whom they were directed? Gene-
ral Kearny occupied New Mexico, and Captain
Stockton the Californias. They thereupon respect-
ively proclaimed those countries to be annexed to
the United States, and their people to be citizcns
thereof, and established in each the form and funda-
mental law of a regular civil government, partition-
ing its powers into the three departments, legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial. General Kearny
organized New Mexico into political divisions, and,
having fixed the number of each branch of the
Legislature, he made an apportionment of its mem-
bers among the inhabitants as electors. He ap-
pointed a governor and inferior executive officers,
lie organized courts of law, and made judges,
superior and inferior, and ministerial officers. He
established a definite tenure of office, salaries, and
pay, and ordained thatall should be paid outof the
Treasury of the United States. He declared the
laws of the United States to be in force in New
Mexico, denounced the punishment of treason
against any inhabitant serving in the army of the
enemy, and authoiized the governor to grant par-
dons for offences against the laws of the territory,
and reprieves for all violations of the laws of the
United States; and appointed an election to beheld
for a Delegate to Congress, as in the case of our
other Territories. He proceeds to lay taxes, to
make various other internal regulations, and to
promulge an entirely new, extensive, and compli-
cated code of civil laws. General Keainy was a
deputy military commander, acting under authori-
ty delegated to him by the commander-in-chief of
; the army and navy of the United States, who him-
self, within the premises, was a mere military offi-
cer, without a civil function or a single particle of
civil power. Yet he so far transcends the real au-
thority of his principal as to assume the highest
and the fullest right to establish civil government
and civil laws in their greatest amplitude. No ab-
solute autocrat in Europe could have done mote.
At the beginning of the session, this House
made a call upon Mr. Polk to know, authentically,
what these law-giving warriors had been doing,
and whether their acts were by his orders, or had
been approved by him. He sends in copies of his
orders to them, and a detailed account of their ex-
travagancies; and in his accompanying message
says:
" It is deelaied upon it<> face to-be a temporaiy civil gov-
ernment of the said territory, but there are ponions of it
which purpmt to e«tabh*h and organize a permanent terri-
torial government of the United Ptates over the territory, and
to impart to its inhabitants political rights, which, under the
Constitution of the United States, can be enjoyed peima-
ncntty only by the citizens of the United States. These
have not been approved or recognised bv me. Such oi a-
rnzed regulations as have been established in any of the con-
quered territories fur the security of our conquests, for the
preservation of oider, for the protection of the lights of the
inhabitants, and tor deprivinjfthe en^my of the advantages
ot these territories, while the military possession of them bv
thp forces, ofthe United States continued,will be recognised
and approved."
Mr. Polk had authorized heforphand these com-
manders to establish temporary civil governments
in New Mexico and Upper California, and to abol-
ish existing laws, and to irtroduce a new code;
and when the results are communicated to him he
avows to Congress his approval, except so far as
the territorial government ordained is of a perma-
nent character, and political rights are attempted
to be conferied upon the inhabitants which could
only be possessed by citizens of the United States,
These reservations are, like many acts of his Ad-
ministration, vague and indefinite; but still there
are some points in his part of this transaction
which are quite distinct, and the question arises
upon them, has he assumed powers which did not
belong to him ?
The utmost latitude that can be given to the ac-
tion of Congress, in setting out the objects of the
war, is—1. To repel the Mexican forces beyond
