1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Rio Grande. 2. To force Mexico to recognise
that river as the boundary between the two Repub-
lics. 3. To compel her to pay the just claims
which American citizens have against her for
wrongs in violation of the laws of nations. Mr.
Polk was, as the head of our army and navy, to
prosecute the war for success in those objects; it
did not belong to him to add to them. Not being
restricted or instructed by Congress, he had a right
to apply and to use, according to his own discre-
tion, the entire military and naval force of the
United States in the prosecution of the war: to
attack Mexico anywhere, by land or by sea; to
occupy any portion of her territory-, and hold it by
force of arms, and to weaken and do her ail the
damage he could within the usages of civilized
-warfare. But he had no authority whatever to
declare other objects of the war, or to give to any
of the States or people of Mexico any military
pledge for the United States. It was competent
for Congress only to do such acts. Yet Mr. Polk
orders General Taylor to encourage the Mexican
States " to declare their independence of the Cen-
* tral Government of Mexico, and either to become
* our allies, or to assume, as it is understood Yu-
* catan has done, a neutral attitude in the existing
* war between the United States and Mexico. In
4 such .of the departments or States as will take
4 this course you will give the inhabitants assu-
( ranees of the protection of your army until the
c return of peace, so far as may be consistent with
* your military plans of operations." "When
* peace is made, they may decide themselves their own
'form of government." Whence did President Polk
derive his authority to direct this war to be prose-
cuted to promote the revolt and independence of a
part of the Mexican States; to make a compact
with them to become our allies; to apply our mili-
tary resources to uphold their revolutions; to guar-
anty protection to the people until the return of
peace, and then their independence and right of
self-government ?
But upon New Mexico and California, forming
half the Mexican territory, he advances a long
stride further. He makes their conquest and per-
manent acquisition the great end of the war, and
orders our commanders not to fail to occupy them;
in no event voluntarily to lower our flag in them;
to hold the possession and establish civil govern-
ment, in all Us forms, over them; to attach them/or
the time to the Umttd States; to '* assure, the. people
of those proviiaces thiJt it is the wish and design of
the United States to provide for them a free Govern-
ment, with the least possible delay, similar to that
which exists in our territories; and they will then be
called on to exercise the rights of freemen in electing
their own rtyresentatives to the Territorial Legislature."
How imperially Mr. President James Knox Polk
looms in this war! If the Constitution had not
created the office of commander-in-chief, it might
have been done by act of Congress, and then Gen-
eral Scott, or some other person, would have filled
it, with every power and immunity which now
belongs to Mr. Polk, except to hold it subject only
to impeachment; and had he, as such commander,
undertaken what Mr. Polk has, Congress would
at once have brought him up as a sort of knight
De la Mancha.
But the establishment of every form of civil in-
stitution in these conquered countries, under the
authority of President Polk, is so absurd and
monstrous, as to deserve a more particular exami-
nation and exposure. This branch of the subject
brings up the nature and extent of the rights of a
conqueror over a subjugated people and country,
and the mode and agency by which those rights
are to be made available, and particularly by the
United States; and also the rights which remain
to the conquered.
iSo war can be justified but upon the necessity
of being the only means of defence, or obtaining
redress for great wrongs. The right to make it is
one of the highest powers of political sovereignty;
and when the term sovereign is used in the national
code in connexion with war, it has reference to
the magistracy to which is confided by the funda-
mental law of any country the war power. In this
significance is the term use4 by Grotius, PufFen-
dorf, Burlamaqui, Vattel, and every other writer
upon international law. Vattel says: "Thesovcr-
* eign is the real author of the war, which is car-
4 ried on in his name and by his order. The troops,
1 officers, soldiers, and, in general, all tltose by whose
♦agency the sovereign makes war, are only m-
i struments in his hands." All the authorities are
accordant. The term conqueror is strictly synony-
mous with sovereign, and refers to identically the
same power in a particular mode, a victor in arms.
In adjudging questions involving the rights and re-
lations of war, "sovereign" and "conqueror,"
connected with England or Russia, would mean
the Monarch; with Venice of the middle ages, her
Senate; with Switzerland, the Diet of the Cantons;
and with the United States, their Congress. Those
terms nowhere signify a mere military commander;
and it is superfluous to say, that our President,
either in his civil or military capacity, or both to-
gether, does not fit or fill them. The sovereign
power makes war, and any authority short of it is
not sovereign in that matter! War being success-
fully made in a country, its political government is
necessarily overthrown. If it be wholly subjugated,
and its national existence annihilated, it passes at
once to the conqueror in all the fulness of the right
of conquest, because no power is left to reconquer,
no government with which to treat. But if a prov-
ince, or part of a countiy only be subjugated, the
right of the conqueior is not complete until it be
confirmed to him by treaty, or he has held posses-
sion of it for a length of time in its cfiect equiva-
lent to such confirmation. Vattel says: "Immov-
4 able possessions, lands, towns, provinces, &c.,
' become the property of the enemy who makes
i himself master of them: but it is only the treaty
i of peace or the entire submission and extinction of
< the State to which the towns and provinces be-
< longed, that the acquisition is completed, and the
* property becomes stable and perfect." The prin-
ciple of "post liminum, in virtue of which persons
and things taken by an enemy and restored to their
former state, on coming again into the power of a
nation to which they belonged," is recognised by
the whole civilized world. But where the con-
quest of a country has been but partial, and has
neither been confirmed to the conqueror by treaty
or long possession, he nevertheless has a qualified
and limited sovereignty to the extent he occupies
it with his arms, and a corresponding and imper-
fect right.
Gtuestions connected with those rights have come
up in England, and been decided by her couits.
In the case of the Foli'ma, decided by Sir William
Scott, it is adjudged that, when the arms of Eng-
land subjugated and held possession of a country,
the King, as the representative of the war power,
acquired an imperfect sovereignty over it, which,
in virtue of'his royal prerogative, gave him certain
limited rights, among which are admiralty droits.
The case of Hall vs. Campbell was thoroughly ar-
gued four several times before Lord Mansfield,
and, in pronouncing judgment, that eminent jutist
proceeded to lay down several propositions, which
received the assent of all the learned counsel, and
which he declared to be too clear to be controvert-
ed. Among them are—
1. "A country eonquejed by the British arms becomes a
dominion of tlie'Kmg in the light ol his ciown, and there-
fore necessarily subject to the Leyir-latuie, the Parliament
ofGreat Britain."
2. " That the conquered inhabitant*, oncc received under
the King's piotecuon, become subjects*, and are to be uni-
versally eonsideied in that light, not enemies or aliens "
3. ilThntthe lavs of the conqucr ed country continue injorce
until they fire altered by the conqueror."
4. " Thar if the King (and when I say the. Kin?. I always
mean the ICing without the concurrence of the Parliament)
has a powei to alter the old and to mtioduce new laws in a
conquered country, this legislation bema subordinate, (that
i.*, subordinate to /in ovn in Parliament,) he cannot make
any new change contrary to fundamental principles."
It is also decided in this case that this subordi-
nate right of legislation, belonging to the king in
virtue of his royal prerogative, even before it was
superseded by the paramount legislation of Par-
liament, might be and had been surrendered by the
king to the people of the conquered country.
There were other interesting questions decided m
this case, which originated m the Island of Gren-
ada, after its conquest had been secured to Eng-
land by a treaty of cession with France. Great
Britain had run a long and successful career of
conquest, the sentiment of the nation leaned to the
rights of the conqueror, and in cases tiied in her
own courts, they were pushed to the utmost verge
of the international law. But those rights and
correlative powers, applicable to sovereigns only,
as laid down by her own courts, or by the writers
on the national code, who so absurd as to say that
they inure to James K. Polk as President or com-
mander-in-chief? So far as they have applica-
bility witii us, they attach to the nation and to
, which is invested with its sovereign war
power. At present, at least, the President-of,the
United States, either as our chief executive magis*
trate or generalissimo, has not, rightfully or iii
fact, any royal prerogatives to draw them to hira^
but, from the tendency of things, how lo.ng it \^ili
be before he has, cannot be predicted. t i
But a conquered people have rights as well,as
the conqueror. True, a gentleman from Sout^
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] has, during the. present
session, declared in debate that they have none-a
but their property, their liberty, and their lives
become absolutely subject to the conqueror, who
might make such disposition of ali as he willed,,
even to putting to death the whole subjugated peo-
ple, and the appropriation of their property*. No
such atrocious and diabolical sentiment is tolerated
by civilized nations. It was exploded, centuries
ago by Pagan civilization in its early dawn;,and ,as
the code of war has been greatly meliorated under
the hallowed influences of Christianity, it is now
utterly condemned and abhorred. The bloody
people who would now enforce that monstrous
principle, would soon find Christendom armed
against them in one holy crusade. The general
mitigation of international law, and especially in"
relation to war and its rights, is progressing, and
will progress with the advance of the world.
Here are passages which speak the spirit of mod-
ern warfare:
" As soon as your enemy has laid down his arms and sur-
rendered his person, you have no longei any right over his
life."
But, at present, war is less dreadful in its consequences
to the >ub]ect; matter are conducted with more humanity.
One sovereign makes wai against anothersovereignj and mt
against the unarmed citizens. Tlie conqueror seizes upon
the pos^csvon of the SUte, thepnblic property, while private
individuals are permitted to retain thein.,,x
u If it is against the sovereign atone that be has just cause
of complaint, jeason plainly evinces that he acquires no
other rights by his conquest than such as belonged to the
soveieign whom he has dispossessed; and,on the submission of
people, he m hound to govern them according to the Inns of the
State. If the people do not voluntarily submit, the state of
war continues.'5
< In-te.id of the rustoni of pillaging the open country and
d-fencolevs plain?, another mode ha< been substituted, which
i* at once more humane and moie advantageous to the bei-
hgerant soveieign . I mean that of contributions."
£|- At piecent war canted on by iegulw it oops. The peo-
ple, the peasants, the citizens take no pait m it, and, in
general, have nothing to fear from the swoid ot the enemy.
Pi ovided the inhabitants, submit 10 him who is ma ter of the
country, pay the contributions imposed, and refrain from all
hostilities, they live in as perfect safety as if they were
friends ; they even continue in po&so^io'n of what belongs
to them; the country people come freely to eamp to sell
then provisions, and ate protected as far as possible from
the calamities of war."
Such are the milder features of modern warfare.
Private property, however, is only safe upon the
land; it is still subject to pillage upon the high
seas. But sentiments are progressing which will
abolish that piratical practice. Even contributions
are now never exorbitant, and are falling into dis-
use.
It will be seen from this collocation of authori-
ties, that a conqueror has no right to devastate a
country with fire, sword, and rapine; to murder
prisoners or the unresisting people; to sell them
into slavery; and, where they submit and are peacer
able, to harass and oppress them with martial law;
or to deprive them of their own laws and regula-
tions, and to substitute for them a strange and de-
tested code; to plunder them of their property, ot-
to make any exactions from them except in the
form of regular contributions; and especially, that
before he has completely subjugated their govern-
ment and country, he has no'nght to punish them
with death as traitors for serving that government
and country, or to require them to belray both, take
the. oath of allegiance to him, and be incorporated
with his own citizens and subjects. The people
of New Mexico and California, having voluntarily-
submitted to our arms, were not properly subject
to any of these acts; but all ot them the deputies
of Mr. Polk, acting under his orders, have inflicted
upon those people; and he has with distinctness
and emphasis approved all but those which make
and give them the privileges of citizens nf the Uni-
ted States. But grant that the right to do all these
things resulted from our conquest and military
occupation of those countries, to whom did it re-
sult, and to what officer or department of our Gov-
ernment are they intrusted by the Constitution, is
with us the great practical question.
Every power and every officer of our Govern-
ment "lives and moves and has being" under and
by the Constitution, and the Constitution alone.
