m4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
Taylor; for now, of the two, Taylor was become
a more dangerous rival than Scott.
" But still " thick-coming fancies'' continued to
crowd upon the President and his counsellors, and
all his obsequious tools in Congress, and the for-
mer fears began to revive lest the veteran of Chip-
pewa should come home with fresh laurels won
from Mexican commanders. So a project was
hatched to create a "lieutenant general." No
sooner did that proposition enter that Hall, than it
was voted out of it. It was not even debated, but
received the indignity of a silent negative. It was
said that the President flew into a rage, and scolded
*very hard when he heard it. So, the day after, the
vote was reconsidered, and the proposal was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and,
after being reported and debated, it was iejected [
again. The same reception met it in the Senate.
But now, like Banquo's ghost, it rose again to push
them from their stools—for this amendment was
but the old proposition for a lieutenant general. It ;
was the same thing in substance, under a new
form. Instead of empowering the President to
create a new military rank, it allowed him to raise
one of the major generals, such as he should choose,
without regard to the date of commission, and set
the youngest of them over the heads of veterans
who had spent their lives in war. By this amend-
ment, the President could confer on this favorite
all the powers which he could under the former
hill. Tot it was to be made a part of this bill, and
they must vote this, or go against the whole bill.
However willing they might be to vote the pro-
posed increase of officers for the public service,
they could not do it unless they swallowed this pill
along with the rest. For his own part, so far as
political considerations were concerned, Mr. G.
felt very indifferent which way the question was
decided.
The positions he had assumed as to the motives
which led to this proceeding had all lu-en remark-
ably confirmed by the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Brinkkrhoff.] What were that
gentleman's objections to the generals already in
command > Why, that two of them (Scott and
Taylor) were candidates for the Presidency—Mr.
Polk's rivals and political opponents; his rivals
in aspiring for the Presidency. And the gentle -
man thought there ought to be a more confidential
intercourse between the commander-in-chief in
Washington and a commander-in-chief in Mexico*,
and he had dared to follow this argument with the
gross and foul intimation that these emends, being
the President's adversaues and rivals, would en-
deavor to make the wai they conducted unsuccess-
ful, that thereby they might render the President
odious.
[Here the time allotted to Mr. G. expired.]
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, said it was not j
his intention to occupy any part of the time or at- j
tention of the committee when this bill was first i
referred; and but for the interrogatory directly ad-
dressed to him by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. G. Dams,] in the couise of his remarks, he
sh<*uld not have\tined from that purpose. If he
apprehended aright the argument of the gentleman
from Kentucky, its object was to show, inasmuch
as the Constitution of the United States had clothed
the President with the authoiUy of commander-in-
chicf, as a military officer, of the army and navy
of the United States, it was not in the constitu-
tional competency of Congress to interpose the j
appointment of a commanding general to stand <
between the President, thus commander-in-chief,
and the other major generals of the army.
Mr. U. DAVIS, explaining, was understood to
say, that his object had not been to prove that !
Congress had not the power to create this office, 1
but that the President, as commander-in-chief, !
being a military officer, could not possibly exercise,
or autlmiize the exercise, of any civil functions, in
that capacity.
Mr. SIMS, resuming, said, the second proposi-
tion which the gentleman from Kentucky sought
to establish was, that Congress had the right, con-
stitutionally, to interfere with the conduct of a
military campaign flagrante hello. He understood
that to be distinctly stated by the gentleman, and
to that he asked the attention of the committee.
The gentleman contends that the Congress of the
United States have as much authority in the con-
duct of the war now, as they had under the Arti-
cles of Confederation ! Now I assert, that accord-
ing to all the principles of the Constitution, this is
as wild a heresy as has ever been proclaimed on
this floor or anywhere else. Under the Articles
of Confederation, Congress had the sole conduct
of the war; and when they appointed a general-
issimo, or commander-in-chief of the army, that
army and that commander-in-chief were subject Jo
the Direction of Congress; so much so, that under
the old Confederation a committee of Congress was
appointed to confer with the commanding general
as to the conduct of a military campaign. But
under the Constitution of the United States, the
power of Congress is distinctly defined; and it is
provided, that Congress has the power u to declare
war, "and " to raise and support armies," and 44 to
provide and maintain a navy," and "make rules
and articles of war;" but it'has no power to con-
duct a military campaign. The commander-in-
chief is vested with the entire conduct and manage-
ment of the army after a declaration of war.
In reference to the second proposition which the
gentleman intended to argue before the House, but
from which he was cut off by want of time, when
I had the honor of addressing the committee some-
time since, I entered elaborately into the investiga-
tion of that question, and showed conclusively,
from the very best authorities upon military law
and the law of nations, that the establishment of
civil governments over conquered territory in time
of war is necessarily a part of the military power
of the conquering nation, and that these provisional
governments must necessarily exist as a part of the
military occupation during the continuance of the
war, or until such a lapse of time that the original
possessor of the country is supposed to have aban-
doned it; for this reason, that during the existence
of war there is no act which the conqueror can
perform which shall draw the province from the
hazards of war; and if the attempt is made to sell
or ccde it away, it is still subject to the hazards of
| war, and the original owner of the province has
the right to make war upon whoever occupies it.
As to the appointment of this officer which is so
much objected to, it is believed by most of those
who have consulted the authorities upon this sub-
ject, that the President is at this time invested
directly with the authority now asked for. Con-
gress has a right, in addition to raising an army
and navy, and providing for their support, to pro-
claim articles and rules of war. Under the sixty-
second article of war, it is expressly declared, that—
" If upon marches miard^, or in quarter-!, difP'ront coips
of the army Mini] happen to join, or do duty together, the
otfk-cr ln<>:hr?-t in unik of the line of the :umy, marine corps,
oi militia, by conum;>sion there, on duty, or in quarters,
shall command the whole, .incl yive onleis fot wliat is need-
ful to the «eiVH'e, unless others he. esperlnlh/ ilherinl In the
President of the United Strtes. according tothe natuie of the
ca-e.'1—Gorthn^s Digest Laws United States, pa«e 845, arti-
cle of u ar 62.
So that according to the 62d article of war, it
would seem that the President has the direct au-
thority which it is sought to invest him with in
this amendment to the bill of the Senate. But
! while doubts exist in the minds of some as to the
I true construction of that article, there can be no
doubt as to the power of Congress over this sub-
ject—that we have the power both of raising an
army of the United States, and making articles of
war. And both subjects being within the con-
stitutional competency of Congress, and doubts
existing upon this question of the President's
authority to make this appointment, it is the duty
of the Congress of the United States to solve the
doubts and relieve the President of the United
! States from all these embarrassments m the exer-
> cise of this power. As doubts exist, and as the
I President is charged with the responsibility of
i waging this war, it is but right that he should be
| invested clearly with the authority to designate
i who shall take charge, as general commanding,
j for the prosecution of this war. Sir, I believe
I that m England, whenever a war is about to be
j entered upon, it is not conceived that the highest
j m military rank in the army should be invested
| necessarily with the command. I think that at
the very moment when the Duke of Wellington
was ordered to take charge of the forces of Great
Britain which were sent to the Peninsula, he was
the youngest lieutenant general in theBritish army.
It was considered a high military honor, and in
some sort discourteous to the other officers. See
the inconvenience which has already resulted from
General Taylor being superseded by Genera! Scott
in the present campaign. If we must adhere to
this strict rule of the officers with old commissions
outranking every junior officer, whether the Presi-
dent thinks it ought or ought not to be so, the
conflicts, the heart-burnings, must arise that have
already arisen in your army in Mexico._ General
Scott had scarcely reached the Rio Grande when
you find Colonel Harney under arrest. And why ?
Under orders of General Taylor he was in com-
mand of his proper regiment. General Taylor
was no sooner superseded in his command by
General Scott, than the latter separated him from
his proper command, leaving him with two com-
panies, whilst the seven remaining companies are
put under the command of a junior officer; and this
apparently not for a temporary purpose. For
disobedience of this order Colonel Harney was
arrested and tried before a court martial.
But this is just the beginning of troubles. You
see your army addressed by General Taylor when
he is about to retire from the chief command and
to assume a subordinate position. The army re-
gretted that they were about to be deserted by their
old commander who had led them on to victory.
Dissatisfactions must necessarily grow up, and
grow up under this idea, that according to the eti-
quette of the service, established by the long prac-
tice of this Government, the oldest in commission
has the right to command. But if we remove all
doubt and ambiguity on this subject, so that the
President may out of the general officers select a
general who shall conduct the campaign and be
responsible for the whole army, we remove all
the difficulties growing out of this doctrine of
nicety and etiquette, and we strengthen the effi-
ciency of the President's arm in conducting this
war in the same extent to which we take away
these difficulties about grade and etiquette.
Now, as to the general argument in favor of cre-
ating this office, I will not undertake to say that
either General Taylor or General Scott, being of
different political sentiments from those of the
President, will desire that the military campaign
which they are ordered to prosecute snail fail. I
would charge them with no such want of patriot-
ism. But, "then, wc know the fact in reference to
your own State, (North Carolina,) that the gallant
volunteers who came forward there refused to march
under men who had said they believed the war was
unjust, and unconstitutionally commenced. And
why? Why the very instincts of theliuman heart
prompted them to believe that the man at the head
of the command who in his soul believed the war
unjust and unconstitutional, was unprepared to be
nerved with that spirit of fanaticism of bravery
and victory which a commander ought to feel, and
that none but those who feel that the war is just—
! that it is the country's war, forced upon the coun-
| try by the unjust acts of Mexico—that those alone
! are fitted to conduct the war, and would be ani-
I mated with that fanaticism amounting to the fanati-
: cism of religion, of bravery, of conquest, which is
j requisite for those who lead forward our forces to
' the vindication of the rights and honor of their own
j country. The President has the right, then, to
j select those who believe the war just to be placed
< in command; and those alone who feel this zeal
j within them will be able to infuse the same pa-
i triotism and zeal into the breasts of those they com-
j mand.
i More than that. In civil governments it has
: always been considered right that the President, or
! the executive officer, whoever he may be, shall
! have the right of calling about hini, to sustain and
J carry out his views, those who agree with him in
j sentiment. Is it not equally, or even in a greater
! degree, necessary, that in the conduct of a war, the
! officer who is intrusted with the responsibility of
i its command, shall be clearly entitled to call such
i officers into service as he believes best adapted to
! subserve the interests of the country, and carry
! out those plans which he considers to be neces-
} sary ?
j As I said upon a former occasion, if we decline
| to comply with the Executive recomlnendation in
: this respect, and refuse these means, and this mode
' of conducting the war, Congress throws itself be-
| tween the President and his responsibility. Will
! we do the injustice to the President to hold him to
; a strict accountability for this war, and for the ex-
| ercise of all the powers with which he is invested,
] while at the same time we refuse to bestow upon
him that confidence and those aids in conducting
the war which he requires for prosecuting it to a
successful and glorious result?
I believe I have shown, that according to the
