528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27.
whom was referred the bill from the House cre-
:ating-a collection district in Maine, and constitu-
ting Bangor, in said district, a port of entry, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr, HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the amendments
of the Senate, disagreed to by the House to the
bill making appropriations for the Military Acad-
emy of the United States for the year ending 30th
June, 1848, reported thereon, and on motion by
Mr. H., it was resolved that the Senate insist on
their amendments to the said bill.
Mr. H., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the amendment of the Senate, disagieed
to by the House, to the bill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, (fee., for the year ending HOth
June, 1848, reported thereon, and on motion, it
was resolved that the Senate recede from said
amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House to amend the act of 8th August, 1846, to
regulate the proceedings in the circuit courts of the
United States, and for other purposes, reported
the same without amendment.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill from the House authorizing a term
of the United States circuit and district courts of
Chicago, Illinois, reported ,the same without
amendment, an(J, with a recommendation that it do
not pass.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from the
House for the relief of David Myerlee, reported
the same without amendment.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill from the House for
the relief of the legal representatives of James H.
Clark, reported the same without amendment.
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. F., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill from the House for the increasing
of the marine corps of the United States, reported
the same with an amendment.
The Senate having proceeded to the consider-
ation of said bill, as in committee of the whole,
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE moved further to amend the bill,
by striking out the scction allowing a bounty to
the marines; which was agreed to.
Mr .Y., for the purpose of testing the sense of
the Senate, moved to lay the hill on the table:
Mr. VULEE said the bill proposed to add one
thousand men to the marine corps, ail increase
which he considered unnecessary. For a police
force, the piesent number was sufficient.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said the increase was recom-
mended by the Picsident and the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. BADGER added that it was required by
the President and Secretary, and he considered it
as indispensable. The present force is far insuffi-
cient for any effective scrvice.
The motion was then negatived.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments having been concurred in, it was
ordered to a third reading, and was, by unanimous
consent, read a third time and passed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from the
House for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones, reported the same with amendments.
The Senate having proceeded to consider said
bill, as in committee of the whole, the amendments
were agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments were concuried in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
was, by unanimous consent, read a third timeatid
passed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was refened the bill from the House
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office 'De'paitment for the year ending 30th June,
lb48, icported the same with amendments.
The Senate having proceeded to the considera-
tion of said bill, as in committee of the whole, the
amendments were agreed to with the exception uf
the amendment to strike out the thiid section of
the bi!l,u hich provides that the list of uncalled-for
letters shali be advertised in such papers as the
postmaster ©f the place may select.
Mr. EVANS briefly stated that the existing law
provides that the uncalled-for letters shall be adver-
tised in the paper having the largest circulation.
The clause proposed to be stricken out authorizes
*the postmaster to choose the paper in which the
list shall be published.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said the law, as it stands,
was so framed, to enable those who have letters in
the post office to know that they are there, and this
was most effectually done by advertising them in
the paper having the,largest circulation.
Mr. ALLEN asked who was to judge which
paper had the largest circulation ?
Mr. EVANS replied that the Postmaster Gen-
eral had the authority to require evidence to prove
the fact.
Mr. ALLEN said it was in the power of any
editor to evade the spirit of the law, by circulating
a large number of his paper the week previous to
that on which he was required to produce the evi-
dence. All this paraphernalia of collecting evidence
cost the country more than the expense of the ad-
vertisement.
Mr. MANGUM asked for the yeas and nays on
the question; and they were ordered.
Mr. M. said, if the object was to circulate infor-
mation, it was obviously proper to select the paper
having the largest circulation. On the contrary,
the public convenience would be disregarded, for
the sake of a little pitiful patronage, by pursuing
the other course.
After a few words (not heard) from Mr. CAM-
ERON, the question was taken on the motion to
strike out, and decided as follows:
YF.AS — Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Calhoun,Cameron, Cil-
Jey, Cotvvin, Davis. Ewms Greene, Iluntmston, Jarnaein,
Johnson of Maryland, John-oil of Louisiana. Manguni, Md-
lel, Morehead, Westeott, Woodbridfie, mid Yulee—19.
NAYK—Messrs.. Allen, Aslilcy, Atehison, Bagby, Benton,
Rreese, Bright, BuMer, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Hannegan, Houston, Niles, Rusk, Sevier, and Stur-
geon—19. j
The VICE PRESIDENT gave the casting vote |
in the negative.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments adopted were concurred in.
Mr. EVANS renewed the motion to strike out
the third section, which authorizes the deputy
postmasters to select the papers in which the list
of uncallcd-for letters shall be advertised.
Mr. BREESE called for the yeas and nays on
this question, and Ihey were ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN said he should vote in favor of
the motion.
Mr. NiLES stated that the existing law required
that this list should be published in the newspaper
having the largest circulation, tie believed that,
as the law now stood, the Postmaster General had
no authority m the matter. It rested entirely with
the deputy postmaster. lie was the judge in this
case. And if he acted in violation of the law, the
Postmaster General had no other authority but to
remove the postmaster from oOice. It was impos-
sible for the Postmaster General to examine all
the evidence in order to determine which papei
had the largest circulation. The law was objec-
tionable in this point of view; the principle of the
law was only apparently just, as the rule it estab-
lished was not the best calculated to carry out its
object, which was to promote the public conveni-
ence. It might appear to be just, but, in fact, it
i was the reverse in iu operation. A religious paper,
j for example, might have a very large circulation at
| a distance, while at home, in the place where the
I publication of the list would be useful, it might
; have a very limited number of readers. A paper
j might have a local circulation only, and not be so
i well calculated for the general diffusion of this in-
| formation as one of less circulation at home. Mer-
j chants, and men of business did not require this
! information. •They had their boxes, and their
I letters were never advertised, so that they felt no
! interest in this intelligence. It was the body of
j mechanics, and others of that class, who had a
i miscellaneous correspondence, to whom the infor-
| mation was valuable. He thought the present rule
| was liable to abuse, and he hoped that no party
! considerations would be permitted to interfere with
| the public convenience. The law which now gov-
J erned the practice was a recent one, and he hoped
the old law would be restored.
Mr. DICKINSON instanced a paper within his
own knowledge, which was circulatcd by boys. A
large number were thus sent out, and the circula-
tion was estimated in the number delivered out of
the office, without any deductions for those which
were returned unsold. Thus, it appeared that this
paper had a most extensive circulation.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Evans, to strike out the section, and decided
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Calhoun, Came-
ron, Cilipy, John M. Ctayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis,
Evans, Greene, Huntinstori, Jarnagm, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Mangmn, Miller, Morehead, Pearce,
Simmons, \Vostoott, Woorihrtdge, and Ynloe—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, As-hley, Atchison, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Bright, Butler, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Mason, Niles, Rusk, Sevier,
Soul6, and Sturgeon—21.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill by adding
a section providing that the assistant messenger in
the Post Office Department should be allowed the
same pay as was given to other assistant messen-
gers.
Mr. Niles explained, that while other assistant
messengers received $500, the assistant messenger
of the Post Office Department received only $350.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
afterwards was, by unanimous consent, read a third
time and passed.
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported with an amendment
the bill from the House giving the assent of Con-
gress to an act of the General Assembly of the
State of Virginia for levying tolls on James river.
The bill was then taken up for consideration as
in committee of the whole, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment concurred in, and the bill was read a
third time and passed.
LAND GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. BREESE moved to postpone the prior or-
ders, for the purpose of taking up the bill to reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands.
Mr. Breese suggested the importance of acting
on this bill, the passage of which would add half
a million or a million to the public revenue, and
was recommended by the President.
Mr. EVANS hoped the bill would not be taken
up. He had received a message or two from the
House, stating that if the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill did not go from the Senate to-day,
it could not pass. If the graduation bill was to be
taken up, he desired to wash his hands of all re-
sponsibility for the fate of the appropriation bill.
Mr. BREESE said this was a Senate bill. The
minds of the Senators were all made up, and there
could be no discussion ; he did not intend to say a
word.
He called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
Mr. BAGBY was as anxious as any one for the
passage of this bill, but he would vote against ta-
king it up now, because it would reverse the order
of business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,said he had voted
for this bill last session, but he would vote against
taking it up now. It was too late in the session to
discuss it.
Mr. BENTON hoped it would be taken up.
Mr. EVANS asked if it Was possible that the
Senator from Missouri had asked that this bill
should be taken up ?
Mr. BENTON. The bill will not take five min-
utes.
Mr. EVANS. The Senator from Missouri be-
longs to the Committee on Finance. Will he,
who really is at, the head of that committee, for all
i practical purposes, take the civil and diplomatic
' bill out of my hands? I shall be happy to give it
over into his charge.
Mr. BENTON^ No, no. It is in very good
hands now. I will assist the Senator from Maine
all I can.
The questiun was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Brlese to take up the bill, and decided as fol-
lows: Yeas 17, nays 23:
YEAS—Mossu. Allen, Ashley, Atchicon. Benton, Broese,
Bright, Calhoun, Cass. Chalmers, Dickinson, Div, Hanne-
gan, Houston, Mason, Snul6, and Westeott—17.
NAYS—Mtf&ir-.. Aichrr, Badger, Bagby, Bernen, Caro-
i eron, Cilley, j M. Clayton, Corwin, Davis, Evan«, Greene,
j Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Manguin, Mil-
I ler, Morehead, Niles, Pearee, Rusk, Simmons, Uphdm, and
j Woodbridge—23.
| SURVEYS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS,
j Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
' Public-Lands, reported a joint resolution relating
