530
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
Feb. 27,
wished to present his views upon a branch of
this subject which had hardly been touched upon
by any-gentleman who had yet addressed them.
The branch of the subject to which he alluded, and
which he thought properly belonged to this discus-
sion, was the want of harmony between the for-
eign policy of the Government at this time and its
domestic policy.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina, who
had addressed the Senate the other day with his
usual ability and force, commenced his remarks by
saying that he regarded the present as the greatest
crisis, or at least one of the greatest crises, m which
this country had ever been placed during the whole
period of his political life. In this remark Mr. N.
did not fully concur. He did not think that the
present condition of our affairs was so very alarm-
ing as the remarks of the honorable Senator seemed
to imply.
He would admit, however, that the financial
affairs of the Government were likely to be placed
in a critical and embarrassing condition, and that
-the future was overcast with great doubt and un-
certainty. The great question of the war in which
the country was engaged seemed very naturally to
divide itself into seveial parts. In the first place,
as to its origin, as to the circumstances which had
placed the country in a state of war; and in the
next place, as to the objects of the war, and the
manner in which it could best be terminated; and,
lastly, as to the consequences which might be ex-
pected to result from it. There seemed to be very
little harmony in this body upon any of these
questions. We were not only divided in regard
to the origin of the war, but also in regard to the
objects for which the war was prosecuted, and in
regard to the best mode of terminating it. And if,
upon its termination, we should rcccive an acces-
sion of territory, we were divided upon the ques-
tion as to what we would do with such territory.
There was no unanimity in tins body in regard to
any of these questions, but he was happy to per-
ceive, from what he had heard in the course of this
debate, tbat there were some things upon which
they were all united. He believed that they were
nowall united upon the fact thatwar actually exists.
It was a matter of controversy at the lasi session,
but he believed there was now no difference of
opinion upon that point; and lie believed they were
united upon another thing, and for lhat they must
give due credit to Governor Johnson, of South
Carolina, who had communicated to the Lcgisla- !
tore of that Slate the fact, that this war was no 1
fiction. He believed they were all united upon ,
that. He believed they were also united upon an-
other thing: he believed they all desired peace;
lie hoped so at least; and a speedy peace. Thus j
far they all agreed, and upon these points upon
which they agiced it was not necessary for him to j
say anything, but in regard to those about which
there was so much diversity of opinion he had |
something to say. [
fn the first place, in regard to the commence- •
ment of the war. This subject had been very
much discussed; and perhaps nothing new could
be said about it; still be desired to say something
regarding it; and he was reminded what lie had to
say by some of the reasons which he had given
for addressing the Senate at all. It was not for
the purpose of advancing any speculative opinion,
not from any party consideration connected with
it, that he was induced to occupy any portion of
their time upon the subject, but from much higher
considerations. He had witnessed with extreme
regret the.course taken by gentlemen in this body—
gentlemen possessing the very highest order of tal-
ent—gentlemen enjoying ihc confidence of this i
country in a very eminent degree—gentlemen well
known in other parts of the world, and whose I
opinions were regarded as indicating the public j
sentiment of the country—he was sorry to have to I
say that he bad seen those gentlemen exerting the j
eloquence and ability which they possessed in pla-
cing their country ill the wrong in regard to this
war: not only placing her in the wrong, but im-
puting to her a degree of guilt which, should it be-
come established and remain a part of our history,
would form the darkest pa?c to be found in the
■ annals of this country. What was it that these
gentlemen declared to the world ?—for those who
spoke here spoke to the world. They declared
that this war was unnecessary.
Now, if this Government has engaged in an
unnecessary war, that implies something wrong,
something extremely wrong in our policy; but
the gentlemen do not stop here: they tell us that
the war Was commenced by this Government with-
out any adequate cause. They tell us further, that
the war was commenced by the President of the
United States; and we all know that he has no
constitutional authority to make war. But they
say still more—yes, sir, they make for us a dark
page in our history; but, thank God, it is not true
 they say this is not only a war that is unneces-
sary, unjust, and unconstitutional, but that it is
altogether an aggressive war, and a war for conquest
on our part! Why, are gentlemen sensible of the
degree of imputation which they are attempting to
cast upon the country ? Let them not suppose that
it is merely throwing dishonor upon the Adminis-
tration, or rendering it unpopular. In a matter of
this great rrmoenOt is impossible to separate the
Administration from the country; hut what I say
in regard to this point is not to be taken as an effort
on my part to defend the Administration. Admin-
istrations arising from the sudden action of a con-
vention, existing for a singleterm, as is becoming
usual nowadays, are of little importance compaied
to the character and honor of the country. Of Ad-
ministrations it may now be said—
" They may flourish or may fade ;
A breath can make them as a breath has made."
I admit, sir, that the circumstances attending this
war are somewhat unfavorable to the character of
this country. They are calculated to make an un-
favorable impression, although, when the true state
of facts is kept in view, I think that such a conclu-
sion is eminently unjust. Yet we see such a charge,
such an imputation cast upon us in the leading
journals of Europe; even in France, once our ally,
'we find the Government paper expressing doubts
whether the United States are not undergoing a
great change in their foreign policy—whether we
are not forfeiting that high character which we
have so long maintained by engaging in a war of
aggression, as they seem to assume; a war with a
view to conquest. Is it not giving some sort of
countenance to this assumption when we hear gen-
tlemen upon this floor making assertions of this
kind ? Sir, our reputation cannot be valued too
highly. One of the greatest men of France not
long ago made use of this memorable declaration:
" He wished prosperity to all nations, but ho de-
sired greatness only for France and the United
States." The reputation of this country abroad
is valuable. It should not be permitted to be tar-
nished.
With these preliminary observations he would
proceed to the question. The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Evans,] wtth his strong;, logical mind, had un-
dertaken to demonstrate that this war originated
out of the despatches of the Secretary of State to
Mr. Slidcll. Other Senators had taken the Ground
that the order for the removal of our troops to the
Rio Grande was the cause of the war. The first
question necessarily was, whether the war was
commenced by the United States, or whether it
was commenced by Mexico? For, in order to
set at the causes of the war, it was necessary to
know who were its authors. Gentlemen had dis-
cussed the causes of this war as though we had
commenced it; but such was not the fact. The
war was commenced by Mexico, and the cause
for it on her part was that Texas, over which
she foolishly persisted in asserting her dominion,
had been annexed to this country. In regard to
this fact he thought there could be no doubt; there
had been no formal declaration of war on her part
But the official papers emanating from the Mexi-
can Government clearly showed that the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States was the cause
of the war. We were told that Mexico was en-
feebled, and that we ought to be very indulgent to
her: that we ought not to prosecute the war against
her. He apprehended that, without an entire
abandonment of the rights of Texas and a sacri-
fice of the honor of this nation, a peace could
never be made until Mexico was forced to yield
her unfounded pretensions to the dominion of
Texas. She had as yet shown no disposition to
concede this point: the war must, therefore, be
continued in some form until she relinquished her
pretensions.
From Mexico they learned that annexation, and
annexation only, was the cause of war, and that
she commenced war against us. He showed that
a determination existed on the part of Mexico from
i the time that annexation took place, to enter into
a war with this country; that she had immediately
set herself about collecting her troop3 and prepa-
ring for war. They actually issued a quasi or
contingent declaration of war; which was followed
up by manifestoes from her public officers. Ana
what would have been the consequence, he asked,
in the then exasperated state of public feeling m
Mexico, if thisGovernment had remained inactive,
and left the frontier of Texas without protection,
whilst Mexico was collecting her forces for the
avowed object of the invasion and reconquest of
Texas? If this Government had done nothing,
would they not have been accused of a gross ne-
glfitft of their duty? The war was brought upon
us by the folly and rashness of Mexico, and,
although itwas much to be deplored, yet, he be-
lieved it was the sense of this nation that it could
not have been avoided on our part, and that,being
engaged in it, itwas now our duty to prosecute
the war until Mexico yielded the point wliich had
given rise to the contest, and satisfied such other
claims as we had upon her. This, he believed,
was the sentiment of the whole country.
The removal of our troops to the Rio Grande
was no more an act of war than the removal to
Corpus Christi. In theexisting condition of things
the removal was a measure of precaution. Texas
was an independentsovereignty. She had achieved
her own independence, and her jurisdiction ex-
tended over such territory as was assumed by the
power which achieved her independence, and
originated the new sovereignty. How was it with
the'United States? How was it that these colonies
were settled ? How was it that we claimed juris-
diction to the lakes? Was that portion of country
settled at that time ? Were the men who achieved
our independence, northwest of the Ohio? Were
they on the east bank of the Mississippi? Was
that immense region peopled at all? Were the
men of the Revolution there at all? Not at all.
But when they achieved the independence of this
country, they did it for all that country which na-
turally and properly belonged to them by natural
boundaries. And was it not so with Texas > The
Rio Grande was her natural western boundary.
There was a portion of country that was not set-
tled. The claim of Texas was good against every
other. But this was a point that it was not ne-
cessary further to consider.
He only repeated that the annexation of Texas
was asserted by Mexico to be the cause of the
war. Itwas asserted, persisted in, and repeated
in every official form to be the cause of war; and
preparation was made by Mexico to carry out her
threats, and they were carried out by invading
what had been proclaimed to be a part of the ter-
ritory of the United States, and making war on
our foices there.
Annexation, then, was declared to be the cause
of war; and he stood there to take his share of the
responsibility of that act. He was not prepared
to say that there might not have been more caution
used in this matter. But it was hurried on; for
they were told that England and France were pre-
pared to seize on that country. He had very little
belief in it at the time, but they were assured that
such was the fact,and itwas hurried through with-
out much consideration. He was of opinion that
it was due, to Mexico—certainly it was due to the
peace of this country—that something should have
been done to conciliate that country. He believed
that a sum equal to what is in the bill now before
them, would have secured peace with Mexico
and settled the whole matter. The Senator ftom
South Carolina said the other day, if the Exe-
cutive had acted on the other alternative, there
would have been the same danger of our being
involved in war. That other plan contemplated
negotiations with Texas and Mexico: and time,
and delay, and the use of money, if necessary,
lie was satisfied would have had a favorable in-
fluence, and might have preserved the peace of
the two countries. Attempts had been made on
the other side of this Chamber to throw the re-
sponsibility on this Administration. But this could
not he entirely true, because annexation happened-
to originate and to have been pretty much con-
summated under the Administration of Mr. Ty-
ler, who must take the consequences. He was,
however, surprised to hear a statement made here
that the annexation of Texas was connected with
a subject that was not altogether national. He
had no suspicion that that great measure by which
we enlarged our domain had any sort of connexion
