1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
with any peculiar interest. He now, however,
understood the Senatoi from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] to intimate that they had a strong mo-
tive for action, inasmuch as if slavery were abol-
ished in Texas, it would affect the institution of
slavery in the United States. Mr. N, could not
act from such motives. He could not recognise
the right of this Government to interfere with the
domestic concerns of any people for any such pur-
pose—especially to interfere with slavery in a for-
eign country. He could not see how any interests
of a neighboring State could endanger the institu-
tion of slavery. There must be a boundary some-
where, They could not have the whole w^'ld
made subject to slavery to avoid contact with free-
dom. He thought this position was wrong. But
there were other wrongs in that matter. He be-
lieved Mr. Tyler had some views in relation to
the succession to the Presidency. He believed
this matter was calculated to kill off a northern j
candidate for the Presidency, and it did. Still the j
object was a great one. It was a national one. It [
was one which should have been pursued with cau- j
tionNin regard to the rights of Mexico. !
But whether war might have been avoided or j
not, it was now too late to inquire. He thought j
his friends opposite should be satisfied with tracing ,
the war to its true cause—to the annexation of
Texas, for this would not sully our national hon-
or; but when they went beyond this—when they
used their great talents and character in this coun-
try and out of it, to fix this war on the unautho-
rized act of the President, they were sullying the
honor of the country. These gentlemen had made
many mistakes on this and other matters. They
had probably by this time discovered that a bank
was "an obsolete idea," moderated their high
tariff notions, and on that subject they now come
nearly to his own position; and on this subject of
the war they had also errors to correct. The hon-
orable Senator from Maine [Mr. Evans] said this
war was unpopular. It might be so. He be-
lieved all regarded it as an unfortunate war. But
he believed it was the sense of the nation that,
under the circumstances, it could not have been
avoided, and that it was brought on us by the folly
of Mexico. This was the settled sentiment of the
country; and this being the. case, it was their duty
to sustain the Government, to enable it to prose-
cut© the war until Mexico shall yield the great
point which led her into the contest. This, too,
he believed to be the sentiment of the country.
The gentlemen opposite took very singular posi-
tions. They were in opposition to the war, and
yet they are willing to vote for supplies to carry it
on. They deny that this is a just and proper war
—they assert it to be unjust and unconstitutional;
and yet they will vote the necessary supplies. It
was true, that a war which was defensive in its
commencement, might in its progress become a
war of invasion. That aspect this war had in some
degree assumed. We, as a defensive party, re-
pelled the enemy, and now prosecute the war in
the enemy's country, to compel him to give up his
unjust pretensions, and yield the point out of which
this war originated. And had Mexico shown a
disposition to do that? Not at all. How, then,
was the point to be accomplished, if the war was
not to be prosecuted beyond our own territory?
But he would not occupy the time of the Senate
longer on this point.
He then adverted to a speech delivered in the
Senate during the last session by an honorable
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,]
on the Oregon question, which he commended as
highly patriotic. In time of war, he said, there
should be an abandonment of the considerations of
party, and there should be but one party, and that
a party on the side of the country. He produced
further evidence, to show that it was a war forced
on us by Mexico for the annexation of Texas,
which Mexico regarded as an act of spoliation.
Being, then, a defensive war, it must he prosecu-
ted until the original cause of the difficulty was re-
moved, and Mexico shall recognise the indepen-
dence of Texas. He saw no other mode that could
be pursued, with a proper regard for what wag due
to Texas and due to the national honor.
In regard to the best mode of conducting- the
war, he did not deem it necessary to take up any
time in discussing this matter. He believed that,
for the present, we should adopt no experiments.
This war ought to be prosecuted, as all other wars
were, by striking the enemy wherever they were to
be reached; by striking their fortresses, and taking
their principal" towns; by making them feel the
miseries of war; and probably the war might then
be brought to a close.
This he admitted would be attended with diffi-
culties necessarily from the character of the coun-
try: but whatelsecould bedone? The Senator from
South Carolina had suggested a defensive line of
military operations. This proposition he consid-
ered, of all others, the most objectionable. It would
give countenance, in some measure, to the imputa-
tions which were cast upon this country, that this
war had been entered into for the spoliation of
Mexico. In his opinion it would be entirely in-
consistent with what was due to the character and
honor of this great nation. He saw no other
mode of terminating this war than by prosecuting
it in the usual way.
He now passed on to notice some of the conse-
quences of this war. As he had said before, he
did not consider the country in imminent peril, or
exposed to any alarming crimes, nor to any great
evils that might not be avoided by wise counsels
and proper foresight on the part of those who di-
rect the public affairs. The consequences of this
war might be considered, in the first place, as those
which are internal, and affecting our internal policy;
and, secondly, those which relate to our external
policy.
This war comes in collision with the settled
policy of this Government in relation to its sys-
tem of finance, so far as its revenue laws were
affected. There was a want of harmony, nay
a conflict, between our external and our internal
policy, and one or the other must yield. On this
subject he differed from the friends around him.
The Senator from South Carolina had seen this
evil; and he had said we must either have more
revenue or less war. Such was the condition of
the country at this time. The very fact that Con-
gress had done nothing to relieve the treasury,
without which the war could not be satisfactorily
prosecuted to its great end, had a tendency to de-
stroy confidence in the public mind. He believed
the longer we delayed the greater would be the
difficulties. The expenses of the war were very
great—how great, we have no data to determine.
Mr, N. examined our existing tariff, to show what
amount of revenue it was calculated to produce,
and how inadequate it was to the demands which
would be made on the treasury. He also referred
to the course pursued during the preceding wars
in which this country has been engaged, contrast-
ing it with the unprecedented course now pursued.
He controverted the position of the Secretary of
the Treasury in relation to the productiveness of
the customs, by an examination of statements of
facts, showing the operation of different revenue
laws in various preceding periods. He contended
that heavier duties must be imposed if we would
bring up the condition of the treasury to meet the
demands upon it. What was the reason we have
not such a revenue as we want? Was it feared
that it would disturb a favorite policy ? The pres-
ent, he must be permitted to say, was a protective
policy in its worst and most odious form. We
could raise all the revenue necessary. That was
well settled. Then why did we not? Because
we must not disturb a favorite policy. But did
they not then abandon a revenue policy, and sup-
port the present law to protect certain interests?
He could not go the length of refusing to exercise
the revenue power because it might disturb some
favorite policy. He considered that a gross per-
version of that power. But he would say no more
on that subject.
With regard to the effect of this war on our
foreign policy, he observed that theie was doubt-
less, in some parts of this country, a desire for
the acquisition of tcnitory and the enlargement of
our limits. There were some who desired " more
room," as the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Corwin]
had remarked. He did not believe with the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, that there was a myste-
rious connexion between us and Mexico, but he
believed there was great reason why we should be
cautious. It was due to our character, and it was
due to those high considerations which should in-
duce us not to depart from that settled policy which
has governed our relations with other States.
This brought him to the subject of the acquisi-
tion of territory, as the result of this war; for he
supposed the acquisition of territory would be its
result, as it was known that Mexico was poor.
The amendment of the Senator from -Georgia •
would be, in effect, to say, that we waive all acqui-
sitions from Mexico. No one denies or doubts
that we have claims against Mexico, which c&nnot
be abandoned; and he therefore thought it probable
that this war would result in some acquisition of
territory. He had no wish that it should be a
greater acquisition than a reasonable satisfaction
of our claims, coupled with a relinquishment of
her unfounded claims on Texas. When these
two objects were accomplished, he should sav we
had prosecuted this war far enough. He diu not
say that we were to demand indemnities for the
expenses of the war, though he did not know but
it would be just enough. We were content to
make peace with England—ajust war on our part—
without saying much about the general cause of
the war; and we made peace without gtipuJatin£
for the payment of the expenses of the war; and
he knew not why we should press such a «laim
against such a feeble and impoverished people,
which we did not urge against one stronger and
more wealthy. He was not prepared to advocate
such a claim. He merely wished this Govern-
ment to prosecute the war until Mexico renounces
her claims of dominion over Texas, and indemnifies
us for the claims of our citizens against her. That
was his position. If she could not do it in money,
ho would be willing to take from her some portion
of her territory—territory which was of little value
to her—territory that was remote from her seat
of government, and which could, in no degree,
weaken or impair her resources or her nation-
ality. He was not, therefore, prepared to gup-
port the position assumed by the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia. He had several ob-
jections to it. One he had just stated. He was
not willing that we should say we ought to take no
territory from Mexico, for that was equivalent to
saying that we will abandon our claims to indem-
nities. That he was not willing to do. He was
not willing that Congress should put on record, to
go before jthe worfd, a distrust of the justice of the
Executive of this country. It would jnost assu-
redly be an expression of the opinion of this body
that the Executive was not to be trusted—that he
was too grasping—that he enteitained designs of
conquest. Why was it neccssary to say that?
Was ever such a proposition entertained here be,
fore? Was the Executive independent of all re-
straint? Did not his acta undergo a revision here-
in this body, in which a part of the executive
power was lodged ? It seemed necessary, in the
estimation of some gentlemen, that we should de-
clare to Mexico, and to the world, that we did not
intend to despoil her. Well, now, does this mat-
ter belong- to the Executive ? This war is prose-
cuted for certain objects, some of which he had
stated; and if, in the prosecution of those objects, v
the Executive should be found to have been over
grasping, and to have despoiled Mexico improper-
ly, had they not here a check on him ? Was not
the whole thing under the control of the Senate?
Why should they hold this language to Mexico?
Why should they say that one of the representa-
tive branches of this Government believed the Ex-
ecutive entertained improper designs to despoil
hei i He was not willing to hold such language.
Tie would leave the whole matter where the Con-
stitution left it; and if there was any cession of ter-
ritory made necessary, he believed there wouldcbe
no want of a proper legaid for the rights, and of
sympathy for the sufferings, of Mexico. Although
he did not concur with the Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that there was any neces-
sary or mysterious connexion between this country
i and Mexico, he did believe it should be the settled
i policy of this country not to despoil her. We
! were the only great nation of any considerable
i power on this continent—and our importance was
| increasing day by day—and it became us to take
j comprehensive views of our own interests and the
' interests of other nations. Indeed, have we not
j already assumed to be the Power which is to pro-
Si tect the nations on this continent? The present
ll Executive, in his annual message of December,
I! 1845, holds the following language on this subject:
i1 « The rapid extension of our settlements over our territo-
I' rie" heretofore unoccupied; liie addition of imv Suiteslo
I1 unrConfrdpracv; the expansion of fre#  principle*, and our
ri«m«r greatness as a nation, are attracting the attention of
11 the Po\ver< of Europe; and latolv the doctrine has been
ij b'roxched in some of them of a 'balance of power' on thfe
continent to check our advancement. The United States,
li sincerely desirous of preserving relations of good-understand-
