«
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
ing with, all nations, cannot in silence permit any European
interference on the Noith American continent; and should
any such interference be attempted, will be ready to resist
it at any and all hazards.
i( It is well known to the American people and to all na-
tions, that this Government has never interfered with the
relations subsisting between other Governments. We have
aeverjnade ourselves parties to their wais or their alliances;
we have not sought their territories by conquest; we have not
mingled with parties in their domestic struggles ; and, believ-
ing our own form of Government 10 he the best, we have
never attempted to propagate it by intrigues, by diplomacy, or
by force. We may claim on this continent a like exemption
from European interference. The nations of America are
equally sovereign and independent with those of Europe.
They possess the same lights, independent of nil foreign in-
terposition, to make war, to conclude peace, and to regulate
their internal affairs. The people of the United States can-
not, therefore, view with indifference attempts? of European
Powers to interfere with the indrpendent action of the na-
tions on this continent. The American system of govern-
ment is entirely different from that of Europe. Jealousy s
among tne different sovereigns of Europe, Ifj-t any of them !
might become too powerful for the le.-'t, has caused them {
anxiously to desire the establishment of what they teim the |
1 balance of power.' It cannot be permitted to have any >
application on the North Amenean continent, and e-pe- ]
cially to the United States. We miw ever maintain the
principle that the people of this continent alone have the
right to decide their own destiny. Should any portion of
them, constituting an independent State, propose to unite
themselves with %ur Confederacy, this will be aque^tion for
them and us to determine, without any foieign interposition.
We can never consent that European Poweis shall mterfeie
to prevent such a union, because it might disturb the c bal-
ance of power' which they may desiie to maintain upon this
continent* Near a quaiter of a century ago, the principle
was distinctly announced to the world, in the annual mes-
sage of one of my predecessors, that 'the American conti-
i nent, by the free and independent condition which they
' have assumed and maintain, are henceforth not to be con-
( sidered as subjects for future colonization by any European
« Power." This principle will apply with gteatly increased
force should any European Power attempt to establish anv
new colony in North Atneiica. In the existing circum-
stances of the world, the piescnt is deemed a pioper occa-
sion to reiterate and reaffirm the principle avowed by Mr.
Monroe, and to state my cordial coneunence in its wisdom
and sound policy. The. reassertion of tins principle, espe-
cially in reference to North Ameiica, is at this day but the
promulgation of a polie}' whieh no Kmopoan Power should
cherish the disposition to resist. Existing nght-s of every
European nation should be respected; but it is due alike to
our safety and our interests, that the'efficient protection of
our lawi> should be extended over our whole territorial lim-
its, and that it should he distinctly announced to the world
as our settled policy, that no future Euiopean colony or do-
minion shall, with our consent, be planted or established on
any part of the North American continent."
This was shadowed forth as long ago as Mr.
Monroe's Administration, by which it was thought
that this Government could not consent that any
European Power should establish any further col-
onies in this hemisphere. This sentiment, as he
had shown, was reproduced and reaffirmed a year
ago by the present Executive; and what was it
but assuming the position that it belongs to us, as
the greatest nation in tins hemisphere, to take care
that our own rights and the lights of all other na-
tions are not disturbed by European Powers, it
"Was not exactly assuming the "balance of power,"
but it was the assertion of a higher doctrine, that j
it belongs to this nation, as the great nation of this j
continent, to exercise a protecting- care overall the |
nations here. j
Having taken this high position, are we to subject i
ourselves to the imputation of despoiling neighbor-
ing States? Are we to present ourselves to the
world in the attitude of patrons and protectors,
so far as regards other Powers, from whom we
will suffer no encroachment, while we encroach
ourselves, and enlarge our own territory, by de-
spoiling Mexico? What character should we sus-
tain before the world if we do anything that shall
subject us to even a well-founded suspicion of act-
ing unjustly or oppressively in this hemisphere?
Those who would maintain a character which
would authorize them to speak with effect to oth-
ers to restrain the hand of violence, must be care-
ful to restrain their own. There is a difficulty
connected with this controversy. There is a diffi-
culty, take what course we may. If we crush
the power of Mexico, or if we push on our forces
to her capital, and compel her to make large con
cessions to us, we should expose ourselves to accu-
sations. We may be accused of extortion; we
may be charged with waging a war of conquest.
He thought, therefore, that we could only mam-
tain our character—that we could only maintain
our policy of moderation, and the principle of fair
dealing with other nations, by being reasonable in
our demands, and talcing as little territory from
her as will be but barely sufficient to satisfy our
just demands.
He would close what he had to say by alluding
to one other point, and it came under the last head
which he had laid down as among the conse-
quences that will follow the cession of territory,
and that is the danger which arises in the question
of slavery. He had no wish to discuss the ques-
tion; but if it could not be avoided, he would coun-
sel its being settled in advance. This would be-
fair to all the parties. He would meet the difficul-
ty at the threshold, so that all men might act with
a full knowledge of what was to be the condition
of things. If this question was to prevent the ac-
quisition of territory, he cared not; but it was but
fair that the opinion of Congress should be made
known; this would be right, and just, and pioper.
They were told by the Senator fiom South |
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that the restrictive prin- {
ciple was very unjust, and that it would produce ]
great excitement; and his honorable friends on the !
other side of the Chamber had taken the same po- j
| sition. They talked of bringing in something like j
! a spectre for the purpose of frightening not only the .
■ Senate, but the whole country, froni the idea of ac- !
j quiring any territory. Nay, several of thosegentle- [
men seemed to be very much frightened and agitated j
at the contemplation of the spectre they were con jur- j
ing up; and while they were giving words to their j
fears, he had almost resolved to inquire what this j
spectre was: If it was the spectre of the Hartford
Convention, or of Nullification ? In the language of
Hamlet to the ghost of his dead father, he would
speak to it. He would say:
"Bo thou a spirit of health, or goblin dainn'd;
Bring with thee airs from Heaven, or blasts from Hell;
Be thy intent* wjeked, or chaiitable—
Thou corn's! in such a questionable phape
That I will speak to thee."'
The gentlemen opposite have spoken to this
spectre, and they spoke of it very much as if
they4 were frightened, or wished others to think
that they were. He did not think they were
much alarmed; but if they were, he could give
them no better advice than the boy gave his
brother on passing by a grave-yard—.to whistle to
keep their courage up. For himself he had no
fears of this spectre. This Union has that in its
great elements, political, social, and organic, which
cannot be shaken but by the lapse of ages. And
really what is this spectre that has been conjured
up? Why, suppose we take u few degrees of lati-
tude—suppose we come to 36° or 34°—how far
do we go below the Missouri compromise line?
The honorable Senator from South Carolina took
the position that slavery in connexion with a State ,
1 forms one of the elements of this Government; and j
j therefore, that it must be kept at the same balance I
; of power as at the foundation of the Constitution, j
! Now, in the first place, he denied that theie was, j
| or ever had been, such an element in the constitu- |
, tion.il structure of this body. Here there was [
I no such compromise as the gentleman had spoken {
| of. The framers of the Constitution looked to no ]
J such balance of power, to no compromise, in this :
: body. No such principle was thought of at that ;
} time. The question of a representation of slave j
population did enter into the structure of the other 1
; branch, and some provision was made respecting f
1 the slave trade. The time was fixed when that '
' trade was to cease; but there was nothing* in the S
i formation of that instrument to bring up this spec- j
, tre. How would the interests of States differ here? 1
j Pie knew they had different climates, and different |
, labor—-in some slave, and in others free: but there j
j was nothing provided to keep up thi* balance of I
I power. In fact, by the ordinance of '87, the Rev- j
j eral free States which have come into the Union !
| since the adoption of the Constitution were secured !
, in their freedom from slavery; an ordinance which |
j was passed by the unanimous consent of every j
; State in this Confederacy. Where, then, was this I
i balance of power? Was it thought of or consid- i
j ered ? Not at all. It was a recent idea, got up to j
. be used as a spectre to frighten the North. There j
' was nothing in it before, there is nothing m it now; !
i because there was no such conflict of interest. It j
| was merely imaginary. It was got up for political j
j purposes. j
i The Senator from South Carolina had spoken
. of the aggressive policy of the North—Heaven
! save the mark! The aggressive policy of the North !
, Now, what truth was there in this > We have
; three times obtained cession of territory, and thus
we have obtained Louisiana, Florida, and, lastly,
Texas—all slave territory—and this was the ag-
gressive policy of the North. What, he asked,
had been done to justify the accusation of aggres-
sion against the North? Why, out of the terri-
tory acquired, as he had stated, they had formed
five States—five large States, and one of them was
large enough to make three or four more, and
prohahly would be so divided into several States,
which must all necessarily be slave Statesv while
but two more free States could be formed to the
Rocky Mountains. With Iowa about to come
into the Union, they would have, perhaps, three
free to eight slave States; and this was the ag-
gressive policy of the North, which had brought
up the slave States to give the majority to this
body. There was now some feeling at the North ^
oniifis subject he admitted. The people had been
waked up there; there had been a movement there;
and why ? He could tell honorable Senators, that
it was not a movement of the Abolitionists merely.
It was a movement of the people, and it was occa-
sioned by a conviction that the indulgence of their
liberality had been somewhat abused; that the
feeble minority had taken advantage of their kind
disposition towaids it, for, while the South had
been looking to this element of power, it had been
entirely disregarded at the North, until they began
to see that there was danger in it. They now see
that there was something in the annexation of Tex-
as in connexion with slavery, and now they have
come to the conclusion that this cession of slave
territory has gone far enough. And what do they
propose? Why, that if we are to have any addi-
tional territory, it is no more than just that it
shall be free territory. And when we have got ay
many free States in comparison with the slave
States as we had at the formation of the Constitu-
tion, then it may be right to consider if more shall
be assigned to one or to the other. But we are to
■ look at this question as it is. And what, he asked,
; hod been done in the progress of this Government ?
i Why, from five slave States, they had increased
to he knew not how many. The slave States have
gone on increasing; but when the free States are
waked up to attend to their interests, we are told
that the South must rally and resist the aggressive
policy of the North.
Well now; if we should get a little territory
either going above or below this compromise line-y
whether this restriction was adopted or not, he was
not prepared to believe that it could be a very
j frightful matter. Why, then, were they told that
I this territory which we might acquire should be
| open to slavery, or this Union would be shook to
! its centre? He did not believe any such thing.
; He could not believe that there was any laige por-
j tion of the people of this country that would regard
• such a question as of any considerable magnitude,
i He did not believe the South would so regard it;
I though perhaps he ought to speak with deference
; on that subject. What the South had the right to
■ expect was, that there should be no aggressions on
t their institutions, or interference with it within
: their own Statps. If there were, there would pcr-
: hnps be something to justify them m talking about
j danger to the Union; but to talk so about a ques-
< tion like this, whether the territory we thus ac-
! quired, if we are to acquire any, shall be slave
! territory or free, as one which can so seriously
I interfere with the interests of the country, he could
| not for a moment believe. It would be a strange
spectacle to the civilized world to have it go out
i that this great people—the freest people on "earth,
; whose prosperity was unexampled, for which they
I were indebted to the best Government on earth 
: were to abandon their Government, to throw it to
I the winds, to break the ties by which this coun-
I try was bound together, and this unexampled
' prosperity had been produced, on a controversy
! whether slavery shall exist or not m certain terri-
] tory they desire to acquire. Where slavery does
j exist, he could answer for the North that they
would bear and forbear. They have heretofore
| permitted it to go on; they have hitherto submitted
| quietly; but what might be done further than that
i for which he had pledged himself was not for hirti
I to say.
I Mr. N. had now said all he deemed it neces-
! sary to say on the subject. Pie thought its im-
| portance had be£h magnified. He thought the
j question of very little importance. He hoped the
: country would not be broken up for a mere abstrac-
, tion. This question of slavery was looked upon
' at the formation of the Constitution as a temporary-
state of things. It was never dreamed that slavery
was ever to bccomc an element of political power
in our system. It was deemed going far enough
