1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to guaranty the right to possess that property as a
temporary institution. The framers of the Con-
stitution were men who believed in a wise and
just Providence—they believed in the advancement
of the lights of Divine and moral truths—they be-
lieved that our race would, in G-ocl's providence,
go on progressing in intelligence and in the appli-
cation of the principles of liberty; and that the
work of human progress would not stop with any
one race.
Mr. .T. M. CLAYTON next rose to address the
Senate, but intimated his wish to do so on another
occasion, if this bill could be passed over.
Mr. ARCHER said this was the last day on
which bills could be sent to the House; and as
there were yet a few private bills on the table, he
hoped the Senate would proceed with the private
calendar.
Mr. SEVIER hoped not. He would state to
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber, that
when, on Monday or Tuesday last, he having pre-
viously given notice that he should then call for the
vote, he proposed to postpone the final vote to
Friday, there was a universal response suagesfing
Saturday; and he had sat here from day to day,
until this hour, in the hope that now the question
would be taken. There were but three days of
the session remaining1, and this bill had to go to
the other House, there to be referred to a commit-
tee and voted on; and if it was not disposed of
here to-day, it would be lost as a matter of course.
Now he hoped, after this long delay, and what he
had considered as a pledge from the other side,
that there would be no further delay. If the gen-
tleman from Delaware had no objection, he would
suggest a recess for an hour or two, and then to
meet again and go on with the discussion in the
evening.
Mr. ARCHER said it would not be treating the
^Senator from Delaware as other gentlemen had
been treated, if he were compelled to go on at this
late hour. The Senator from Arkansas must re-
member that the last two days had been occupied
by gentlemen on his [Mr. Sevier's] own side of
the Chamber.
Mr. SEVIER said he consented to an adjourn-
ment yesterday much against his inclination; but
he thought the bill should not go over to-day He
therefore moved a recess until seven o'clock. [Oh
no, no.] Very well; then they might go on now.
Gentlemen might take their choice.
Mr. DAYTON was not conscious of any such
general assent as that of which the Senator from
Arkansas had spoken.
Mr. SEVIER reiterated that it was expressed
on the other [Mr. Dayton's] side of the Chamber.
Air. DAYTON was aware that someone or two
gentlemen did assent; amongst them, he believed,
was the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Web-
ster;] but that there were others that dissented,
he was aware also—for he dissented himself. He
did not dissent because he objected to the vote be-
ing taken to-day, but he saw no reason why the
vote should be taken to-day, in preference to other
business that must be disposed of as well as this.
As far as the business of the session was concern-
ed, it mattered not which had the precedence.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was known that the
Senator from Delaware had for several days at-
tempted to obtain the floor, and therefore he hoped
that honorable Senator would have ample„oppor-
tunity to address the Senate. But it would be un-
reasonable to expect him to go on at this late hour.
He suggested that the Senate should adjourn with
the understanding that the vote should be taken
definitely on Monday.
[Agreed, agreed.]
Mr. EVANS was as desirous as any gentleman
that the Senator from Delaware should be heard
on Monday. He hoped, therefore, that the sub-
ject would"be passed over to Monday, and that
Senators would remain some fifteen or twenty min-
utes this evening to dispose of some pressing busi-
ness, the disposal of which would give the Senator
from Delaware time on Monday to express his
views.
Mr. SEVIER saw they were to have a fight on
this subject; and they might as well have it now as
at any other time. He therefore was unwilling to
vote for an adjournment until this question was
taken. He again stated that a universal response
was given last Wednesday by gentlemen 011 the
other side of the Chamber that the vote should be
taken to-day. [Oh, no.] If all did not assent,
many did, and not a single man rose and objected.
If any one dissented, he held his peace. He called
for the yeas and nays on the motion to postpone,
that the country might see who it was that wished
to have it go over to Monday, and to have the
session expire with the bill remaining under con-
sideration, as it did last year.
Mr. BERRIEN said he was not present when
the appeal was made to which the Senator from
Arkansas referred, but they had already been in-
formed by the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Day-
ton] that it was not generally responded to as the
Senator from Arkansas supposed. It seemed to
him, whatever might be the desire, the strong de-
sire of the Senator from Arkansas to have a vote
on this question, that it could not be urged consist-
ently with the duty they owed to the Senator
from Delaware, who had a right to be heard. The j
Senator from Delaware had been seeking an op- '
portunity for some days to be heaid; and to ask j
him to engage in an argument after a recess, was j|
certainly not giving to him the opportunity to dis- jj
charge the duty lie owed to the country, which had !i
been given to others. He moved to postpone the
further consideration of the bill to Monday next. ;
Mr. SEVIER inquired if he understood the Sen-
ator from Georgia to say that he had not assented ■
to the vote being taken to-day >
Mr. BERRIEN replied that he was not present ,
on the occasion icferred to.
Mr. SEVIER said it would be recollected that
the response came from the other side, all round.
Mr. BERRIEN responded, that the Senator
from New Jersey had denied that there was any
such general response.
Mr. SEVIER. Was there any objection? Not
one!
Mr. DAYTON repeated that one or two Sena-
tors responded, but he himself said "No.*' Cer- j
tainly no one rose to object, nor did nny one rise i
and assent; but they did not pledge themselves to j
a definite vote, thereby giving away their right to 1
be heard. |
Mr. WEBSTER could well understand that the j
honorable Senator from Arkansas should desire to !
press this bill to a determination—he ought to do '
so. He could only say for himself, and he be- 1
lieved he could say the same for other gentlemen, j
that if this bill was postponed to Monday and Ex- .
ecuiive business was considered this evening, that
he would sit here and vote against any adjourn- .
ment on Monday until it was disposed of.
Mr. SEVIER thanked the Senator from Mas- !
sachusetts for that. If had heen said that it was :
necessary to take up private bills, as without a i
suspension of the joint rule of the two Houses, I,
in which both must concur, they could not be sent !j
to the other House after to-day. But were gen- jj
tlemen not aware that this was a bill of the Sen- ji
ate, and that it would require a suspension of the i]
joint rule to send it to the House on Monday, on ]l
which a debate might there arise, which might
consume two or three days? Did gentlemen in- jl
tend to keep this bill in this position until the ter- |i
initiation of the session? [No! No!] He once
more repeated he would give Senators the choice ji
of going on now, or of a short recess; but he cer- ,
tainly should vote against any adjournment.
Mr. WEBSTER said the Senator from Arkan- |j
sas would certainly acquit him of occasioning un- !|
necessary delay. He had desired to say some-
thing himself; but he had given way, and should ;
not now say what he had intended, unless an op- ,
portunity should arise, on his own resolutions, j
The Senator from Arkansas himself would want ■
an hour for reply hefoio the debate closed. And [
he was assured it would conduce much to the de- j
spatch of public business, if the Senate would now I
proceed to other business. J
Mr. ALLEN said he had not heard any reason i
assigned for refusing to act on this subject to- 1
night. Was it to afford any gentleman an oppor-
tunity to speak on the question? [Yes; the Sena-
tor from Delaware.] That being the object, on .
Monday morning they should find themselves just '
where they started—on the broad sea of discus-
sion. They had once before seen this bill expire
under a speech, and therefore he hoped those who 1
desired to save its life would not risk its salvation, :
but act upon it now. ;
Mr. CRITTENDEN had only to say for him- !
self that he had been sincerely desirous, like the !
Senator from Massachusetts, to express his views j
upon it; but he had now abandoned all idea of 1
saying a word. He could not, however, consist-
ently deprive the Senator from Delaware of the
opportunity; and he would say to the Senator who
has charge of this bill, that he would vote to take
it upat 11 o'clock on Monday morning, and decide
all the questions that might arise upon it during
that day; and when they had put it in the shape
they desired it to assume, they could substitute it
for the bill which had come from the House of
Representatives, and send it back, without a sus-
pension of the joint rule, as an amended bill. He
should therefore vote for the postponement, and
lie should then vote to take up the bill which was
laid on the table this morning, (the Irish relief
bill,) which must be passed to-day, if it was to go
to the House this session,
Mr. HUNTINGTON wished to add, also, that
j it had been Ins purpose to address the Senate on
; this bill, but he should now decline in consequence
i of the discussion having been so protractcd. As,
| however, this bill could be substituted as an
j amendment for the bill from the House, he should
| vote for the postponement to Monday.
| Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays on
: the question of postponement, and they were or-
j dcrcu, and being taken, resulted thus: Yeas 27,
; r.ays 23.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cilley, TUonnis Clayton, John M. Cla\ton, Oorwin,
Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Huntington,
| Jdrnagin, Jolin&on of Maryland, Mangum, Miller, IViore-
j head, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upliana, Webster,
1 and Wfstcott—27.
1 NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atlierton, Bag-
j by, Benton, Breese, JJruilit, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Dick -
J iuson, Di\, Punticid, Harmegan, Houston, Mason, Rusk,
| Sevier, Sould, Sturgeon, Turned and Yulee—23.
So the further consideration of the bill wag post-
poned until Monday next.
NAVY PENSION BILL.
The amendments of the House to the navy pen-
■ sion bill were concurred in.
j NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
I The Senate insisted upon its amendments, dis-
I agreed to by the House, to the naval appropriation
| bill, and a committee of conference was ordered.
| IRISH AND SCOTCH RELIEF BILL.
I Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to take from the
S table the bill to provide some relief for the suffer- %
] ing people of Ireland and Scotland.
I The motion was agreed to—26 voting in the af-
] firmative.
1 Mr. WEBSTER wished only to say one word,
j He would vote for this bill with pleasure; but if -
j they had time to amend it at all, he would prefer
| an amendment which would not make this so dis-
; tinctly a tender from one Government to the other.
He did not think it was delicate, it might be so
amended that the bill would show it to be an act
of charity and mercy from the people of the United
States to the people of Ireland and Scotland, men-
tioning the Government of England only as the
agent to dispense our bounty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN so amended the section,
substituting- " the people" for " the Government"
of the United States. He said they would place
the gift in the hands of the British Government, as
it would know how best to dispose of it, and dis-
tribute it among the people of those countries.
Mr. CALHOUN made some remarks, but in
so low a tone that he was very indistinctly heard
in the gallery. He was, however, understood to
say, that he was as happy as f ny gentleman on
that floor to cooperate in measures of relief for the
suffering people of Ireland, but he wished very
much that they had more time at their disposal to
£ive it more consideration. It was not so much
the amount they should contribute—for the British
Government was amply competent to take care of
her own people—as the feeling they would exhibit
towards the people of Ireland. If, however, they
had more, they might extend its operation, for it
was not the people of England, Ireland, and Scot-
land alone, that were suffering. France, too, was
in a suffering condition. He had seen a letter
from a highly respectable source, which stated
that France would be without food before the har-
vest time. The people of Europe generally were
suffering more or less. He suggested that a na-
tional vessel should be sent to Great Britain and to
France, to carry the bounty of this country, and
he was understood to say that no constitutional
difficulties interposed to prevent it.
Mr. BA.GBY could appreciate the motives of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
