nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27, -
in "bringing this measure forward, but he denied
that they nad any constitutional authority to ap-
propriate money for such objects.' He also object-
ed to it on the ground that the treasury of this
country was not in a condition to enable them to,
'or to justify them in, appropriating five hundred
-thousand dollars for the relief of any people, no
matter what their sufferings might be. He sympa-
thized as much as anyone with the people of Ire-
land and of Scotland, but it was sufficient for this
Government to attend to the relief of those who
were constitutionally placed under its jurisdic-
tion.
He thought he could see some of the conse-
quences of such a precedent as this would be. If
it was a high attribute of charity to look to the
temporal condition of mankind and to relieve suf-
fering humanity, what might they not be called
upon to do when they looked at the moral condi-
tion of a large portion of this globe? If it was a
duty to relieve the physical wants of man, how
much higher and greater was the obligation to send
to mankind the bread of life, and that eternal truth
which gives light to those nations that are sitting
in darkness and the shadow of death. If, on the
principle of humanity, (if they had the power,) it
was their duty to do the one, he asked if it was not
their duty to carry to the benighted nations of the
earth that light which is above all earthly bless-
ings, as it directs them how to attain possessions
in those habitations which are eternal m the Hea-
vens.
If this system of national charity was to he in-
dulged in, he asked, where would it end ? He said
they had no such power; and if they had, human
imagination would not be able to fix to it a limit.
The revenues of this country were derived from
one source, and one only. They are derived from
the people of the United States; and they were
derived for specific purposes. The relief of suffer-
ing humanity in other countries, however much
he might sympathize in it, he would not refer to
the Government, but to the people.
He had no desire to detain the Senate; but one
other reflection had suggested itself to his mind in
connexion with this subject: who were the peo- ;
pie for whose relief they were now called upon to
* vote five hundred thousand dollars? They were
the subjects of one of the most powerful Govern-
ments on the earth—of a country whose wealth j
covers the earth as the waters cover the great deep. :
How, then, did it happen that such n large portion !
of the subjects of such a Government as he had !
described were reduced to such a state of dcstitu- :
tion? He hoped the Government of Groat Britain .
would consider it due to the civilization of the age
to give such an answer to this question as the 1
civilized world had the right to expect from her. ,
He would not detain the Senate. lie had merely
risen to throw out these suggestions; and having
done so, he should resume his seat.
Mr. BUTLEit was sorry on such a subject to
be constrained to differ from some of his friends on
this floor by voting against this proposition. It
could not be pretended "that Great Britain had not !
the power to relieve the suffering poor of Ireland, 1
and was she not, under obligation to do so > How ;
had Ireland been brought,to this condition? Was I
it not by the blighting hand of oppression ? Why, :i
then, were we to interpose and relieve the subjects !
Of Great Britain from the consequences of the acts II
of its own government? It might, for aught he ;■
Jcnew, be tin affliction of Heaven, but it appeared ''
to him thai it was much to be attributed to the !'
oppressions of the people which had disqualified !l
them fioru cultivating the land suitably. That '!
was a remarkable prophecy of Cobbett's, that this |l
would be the fate of that country; hut with the |l
views he entertained of the Constitution and our ,!
national policy, he could not vote for this bill. ;i
Mr. HANA.EGAN said this was a subject on
which he had strong feelings; and so far'as the !:
constitutional power was concerned, he had only '
to refer the Senator from South Carolina to the act ■
of the Administration of Mr. Monroe he believed '
it was, [Mr. Cuittendln: Mr. Madison,] when '
flour was sent by the Government of the United j
States to the people of Caraccas. The Senator i-
from South Carolina [Mr. Btitler] said they did |
not know how this calamity was brought on Ire- "
land. They, however, knew of the existence of the
fact through the public journals. The conclusion
was upon us. They knew it was the act of God.
They knew the distress originated in the failure of
the potato crop of Ireland, and they knew that her
people were brought to the door—nay, not merely
to the door, but to the yawning gulf of famine. As
to the constitutional power of this Government to
extend relief, before they denied it he called upon
Senators to point him to a clause which prohibits
it. Where was there a section in the organic law
of our Government which prevents us from carry-
ing out the great and eternal principle of charity,
which was impressed on mankind by our common
Saviour in the parable of the good Samaritan ?
Mr. BAG-BY asked the Senator from Indiana if
he intended to contend that Congress could do any-
thing which was not prohibited.
Mr*sH ANNEGAN answered that Congress had
j control of the treasury of the nation, and had the
j right to make such an appropriation. He appeal-
ed to the people all over this land, if the Govern-
j menthad not the right, as a nation, to extend such
I an a^t of charity to the suffering people of Ireland
and of Scotland—to Ireland especially. To that
people he considered this would be but the payment
of the first instalment of an immense debt of grat-
itude. He knew no people to whom we owed so
much. Ireland had given us a Montgomery and a
Jackson, and hundreds of other names. She had
given us, too, the distinguished Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun.] She had given us many
lofty names in this Government. And point him
out one Irishman, who, when he lands on our
shores, is not devoted to republican institutions;
and who was not ready to join our armies to de-
fend the rights, and the honor, and the interests of
this country. They could not point him to one.
The Irishman was ever true to the great cause of
constitutional and regulated liberty.
I; He would say further, that he should consider
j'this vote as a manifestation of charity—of-that
j; Heaven-born charity which is inculcated upon us
ij by the highest law of our natuie—from one nation
[ to another. Read, if they could, with undimmed
eyes the records of the sufferings of the Irish peo-
i; pie. The simplest narrative of the poor, perishing
j in every direction, was calculated to create the
; most intense feelings. Mothers—they knew it to
!j be true, for they had the authority of letters, one
addressed to the Duke of Wellington—mothers
;| were dying by the roadside, while the infant hung
!■ to the lifeless breast. Here was a nation prcsent-
!1 ing a scene of desolation; and nothing more was
; here asked than we, who are so peculiarly blessed,
!| should contribute out of our fulness to the relief of
ij such horrible/destitution.
ij With lvspoct to the people of France, to whom
:| the Senator from South Carolina had referred, he
! would only say that they were not yet in an ex-
! freme suffering condition. [Mr. Calhoun. Oh,
i yes! they are suffering now.] Well, but their
subsistence did not depend on the potato crop
alone. They had not to look out day after day
, and see the earth which should give them sus-
tenance, as God made it, and yet producing no
I sustenance for them.
Mr. WEBSTER was ready to admit that Ire-
land had been very badly governed for many years
under her own Parliament, and now for many
years under the United Parliament. He believed
her condition was a peculiar one among the civil-
ized nations of the earth. He agreed further with
Adam Smith and other writers, that the food which
had sustained, and almost exclusively supported
the Irish people for centuries, was a spccies of food
that was liable to produce such a state of things as
had now come upon them. Ireland had eight mil-
lions of population, of whom seven millions lived
by labor on the land, and the produce of the land.
All the commercial, all the manufacturing, all the
retail traders, and all other classes of persons in
Ireland, occupied otherwise than on the land, were
but as one man out of eight. And those who sub-
sist on land subsist on two crops—potatoes and
oats. Now, in the ordinary condition of Ireland,
as stated by the public authorities in the British
Parliament within a month, one-third of her popu-
lation was bordering on a state of great want, if
not of absolute famine; but now there was a fail-
uie of the crop of both potatoes and oats for two
years, uf more than one-third, nearly half, and, in
some portions, of five-sixths. He believed the
potatoes were a failure to the extent of five-sixths,
as shown in the British Parliament by Mr. La-
bouchere, the Secretary of State for Ireland. The
condition of Ireland, then, required no detail of in-
dividual sufferings to show that it was a condition
of which Christendom, since the dark ages, had
known no parallel.
Mr. WESTCOTT felt himself constrained to
vote against the bill unless it cotdd be amended.
Mr. CALHOUN, in reference to some remarks
made by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hanne.-
gan,] explained why he had no constitutional ob-
jection in this case. He drew a distinction between
the foreign and domestic policy of this Government.
Entertaining these views he had voted for the ap-
propriation for the relief of the people of Caraccas
in 1812. He, however, suggested that this appro-
priation was a very heavy one to make, when the
coi#rtry was in a state of war and subject to the
demands upon our treasury which resulted from
warlike operations. He, however, should gladly
vote for the bill.
Mr. FAIRFIELD called for the yeas and nays
on the bill.
Mr. MASON said there was no Senator more
earnestly desirous to extend aid of some kind, to
our suffering brethren on the other side of the At-
lantic, than he was; but he should nevertheless feel
compelled to vote against this bill. He could not
but see in it a perversion of the trust reposed in
them under the Constitution of the United States.
He had prepared a substitute for the bill, which
would remove his constitutional objections, by
which he provided that the President of the United
States should be authorized, under proper regula-
tions, to employ such part of the naval force as
could be used for that purpose, without endanger-
ing the public service, to transport to those coun-
tries such relief as might be offered for transporta-
tion by the people of the United States. This
would be productive of more good to the suffering
poor of Ireland, than the measure of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, who was well aware that
freight entered into so large apart of the expenses
that would be incurred by the people of this coun-
try. He offered his amendment as a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. DAYTON said, it appeared to him that the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia differed
nothing from the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, so far as the constitutional question
was concerned. It was not the business of the
navy to carry food and provisions, and thereby
to save freight. The President has no power or
authority to use our navy in such a way, except
by special enactment; and if by such enactment
he was authorized to make such a use of the navy,
they, of course, incurred special expenses; and
where, then, did it differ from giving money out of
the treasury directly? There was, besides, risk to
the ships. Now, he was at a loss to understand
! why this should be preferred to a direct gratuity
! to the people of Ireland from the people of the
United States. He believed that no constitutional
I objections stood in the way of the appropriation
proposed by the bill of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. In the lifetime of a nation, as in that of
individuals, there were emergencies when the hand
of Providence presses heavily on a people, wjiio.h
might call for unusual measures of relief. Now,
suppose the hand of Providence should press on
a ship-load of people from Ireland instead of the
nation. Suppose they should be deprived of food,
and they were met by a national vessel on the
high seas, which supplied them with necessary
provisions, was there a Senator that would hesi-
tate to make an allowance for food so supplied ?
And whence, then, the difference between a ship-
load and the entire country? He knew this power
might be abused; and so might any other power
be abused. But something must be left to the
discretion of those who had the administration of
our affairs. They had a precedent in 1812, which,
in this instance, he desired to see followed.
Mr. CALHOUN inquired what the freight of
grain was ?
Mr. MASON replied, sixty cents per bushel.
Mr. CALHOUN said, the plan, then, of the
Senator from Virginia might give more actual re-
lief than the proposition as contained in the ori-
ginal bill.
Mr. MASON said, he understood the freight of
flour was from two dollars to two dollars and
twenty-five cents a barrel.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that was the very course
which England herself had taken, by throwing
open her ports to the vessels of all the world.
He signified his intention to vote for the amend-
ment.
