1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, if the Senator from
Virginia would add his amendment to the bill, he
would have no objection. It involved the same
constitutional question. The giving the navy was
the giving of money; and why the Senator from
Virginia should characterize his bill as a perver-
sion of the Constitution, he was at a loss to dis-
cover. It was certainly strong language. He then
showed that he was but followinga precedent which
had had the approval of Nathaniel Macon, John
Randolph, James Madison, the expounder of the
Constitution, and other distinguished men of this
country.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, no Senator had pj*t his
linger on a smgle section of the Constitution which
authorized them to give this appropriation, al-
though they were contending for the constitutional
power to do so. It was a very easy tiling to ex-
pend charities in this way; but he thought they
should put their hands in their own pockets and
do it, but they had no right to put their hands in
the pockets of the people.
Mr. CAMERON briefly expressed his prefer-
ence for the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Take both, then.
Mr. BADGER moved an adjournment; which
was negatived.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mason's
substitute, which was rejected: Yeas 17, nays 24.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Bagby, Benton, Bright,
Calhoun, Cameron, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Houston, Ma^on, NilPS,Turney, Wefricott, and Yulee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Berrien, Breese, Butler,
Cass, John M. Clayton, Conviri, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson
of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Simmons, Sturgeon, and Webster—24.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading:
Yeas 27, nays 13.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Berrien, Breese, Cal-
houn, Caineion, Cass, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evan*, Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Hun-
tington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Simmons, SouI6,
Siiirseon, and Webster—27.
NAYS—Messrs Archer,Badger, Bagby, Butler, Chalmers,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Mason, Nilesj Turney, Webtcott,
and Yulee—13.
The bill was then read a third time, by unani-
mous consent, and passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration,
as in committee of the whole, of the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the Uni-
ted States for the year ending 30th June, 1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading", and
was, by unanimous consent, read a third time and
The Senate then went into the consideration of
executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 27, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved to discharge
the Committee of the Whole from the bill to carry
into effect certain provisions of the treaty between
the United States and Chi«a and the Ottoman
Parte, giving certain judicial powers to ministers
and consuls of the United States in those countries.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and,
being engrossed, was then read a third time and
passed.
Mr. DANIEL P. RING, from the Committee
on Accounts, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be directed to
pay to S. Clinton Hastings and Shepherd Leffler. members
of this House from the State of Iowa, $176 each, it being
their per diem from the first day of this session to the day on
which they took their seals as members, they having at-
tended on the first d<iy of the session.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON moved to.recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed.
Disagreed to.
Mr, PRESTON KING, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Mary Legar, and for the relief of Elisha Denison,
administrator of Phenix Carpenter Ellit; which bill
was read three times and passed.
Mr. McKAY moved to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SEAMAN inquiied if this was not a day
specially set apart for the consideration of bills on
the private calendar?
The SPEAKER said it was; but it was always
in order to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was put on Mr. McKay's motion,
and it was agreed to: Ayes 66, noes "54.
And the House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Boyd in the chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the bill " to in-
crease the revenue derivable from duties on im-
ports, also from the sale of the public lands, to aid
m the prosecution of the war with Mexico." Dis-
agreed to: Ayes 63, noes 69.
Mr. TREDWAY moved to take up the Senate
bill for the relief of Hobson Johns. Agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS moved to strike out all after the
enacting words of the bill.
Mr. M. then went on to remark that he had been
endeavoring for some days past to get an oppor-
tunity to propose a measure adopting the laws of
Maryland in relation to slavery for the government
of the District of Columbia.
Mr. COBB rose to a question of order. The re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio were irrelevant
and out of order.
The CHAIR ruled iVlr. Morrrs out of order.
Mr. MORRIS appealed.
The question was stated and put on the appeal,
and the Chair was sustained.
Mr. Morris's motion was then put and dis-
agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to take up the bill
graduating the price of the public lands.
Mr. SEAMAN gave notice that, if Mr. McC.'s
motion failed, he would move to take up the bill
to refund certain duties on goods consumed by the
fire in New York in July last.
The vote was then taken on Mr. McClernand's
motion, and it was disagreed to : Ayes 56, noes 73.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved to take up
the bill to authorize the President to increase the
naval establishment of the United States.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL said, with a view
oftaking up and acting on the private Senate bills
on the calendar, he would move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. COBB asked if the bill making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1848, was not referred to this committee?
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired why the gentle-
man having charge of the navy bill did not move to
take it up ?
Mr. COBB. Because that gentleman has not
been recognised by the Chair.
Mr. John A. Rockwell's motion was put and
rejected.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the naval ap-
propriation bill, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto. Agreed to.
The first amendment of the Senate was read,
viz : " For pay of thirteen additional assistant sur-
geons, whose appointment is hereby authorized,
$12,350."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended that this amendment be disagreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN moved an amendment to the
amendment of the Senate, providing that all medi-
cal officers of the navy shall hold the same assimi-
lated rank as is provided for medical officers of thff
army m an act approved March 11, 1847: Provided,
That said assimilated iank shall authorize no right
to command : Provided further, That said assistant
surgeons shall be discharged from the public service
at the close of the war with Mexico.
Mr. HAMLIN explained his amendment, and
stated that he- was directed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs to move it.
Some debate ensued between Messrs. J. R. IN-
GERSOLL, SCHENCK, HOLMES of South
Carolina, and SEAMAN, participated.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the committee rise,
With a view of moving a resolution to close the de-
bate on the bill. Agreed to.
The committee rose and reported , the Mil for
relief of Hobson Johns, and progress on the bill
making appropriations for the naval service*.
The bill for the relief of Hobson Johns tvas then
read a third time and passed.
Mr. BOYD moved the usual resolution to cfrse
debate in Committee of the Whole on the naval apr -
propriation bill in half an hour after the committee
shall again resume its session.
Mr. HAMLIN asked Mr. Boyd to modify his
resolution so as to extend the time to one hour.
Mr. BOYD declined; and the question was put,
and the resolution was disagreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN then moved a resolution limiting
the debate to one hoar; which was agreed-t<J; anu
an agreement was made by which no member
should speak more than five minutes.
The committee then resumed its session, and the
question was put on Mr. Hamlik's amendment,
which was agreed to. Ayes noes 47. .
Mr. McKAY moved to add to the amendment
the following : " Provided, That said assistant sur-
geons shall be discharged from public service at the
closc of the war with Mexico." Agreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment of
the Senate as amended, and it was agreed to:
Ayes 67, noes 49.
The next amendment was read.
Mr. SCHENCK, by direction of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, moved to amend the second
amendment of the Senate by striking out all thereof
and inserting : " For the pay of a naval pyrotech-
nist |1,800, the said officer to be appointed by the
President of the United States, by ^nd with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and to receive
the pay and emoluments of a lieutenant command-
ing in the navy, and the same amount and benefit
of pension to himself or his wife or family, in case
of death or casualty, which are or may be bylaw
allowed to an officer of that grade."
Mr. Schenck explained the necessity of th< 
amendment; and a short discussion followed, in
which Messrs. T. B. KING, J. A. ROCKWELL,
and STEWART, took part.
The time limiting the debate having expired—
Mr. McKAY moved to" strike out the words in
the Senate amendment " rank and," and all the
proviso. Agreed to.
The question was now put on Mr. Schenck's
amendment, and it was disagreed to : Ayes 62,
noes 80.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendment to the sec-
ond amendment of the Senate, striking out all
thereof, and inserting a provision authorizing the
employment of a pyrotechnist at an annual salary
of $1,200. Agreed to : Ayes 76, noes 40.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate as amended, and it was
agreed to.
The third amendment of the Senate was read,
and the question being put, it was disagreed to.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was read
and agreed to.
The fifth amendment of the Senate was read;
when
Mr. DARRAGH moved to amend the same by
adding an appropriation of $50,000 for the comple-
tion of the marine hospitals at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania; Louisville, and Paducah, Kentucky; and
Cleveland, Ohio.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Chair if the amend-
ment of Mr. Darragh was in order.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to. as were also the 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th,
14th, 15th, and 16th.
The 12th amendment of the Senate and the 13th,
which provided for the purchase of a lot of ground
for the use of the naval school at Fort Severn, An-
napolis, Maryland, were disagreed to.
The committee rose and reported accordingly.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question; and,
under its opeiation, the 4th, 5th76th, 7th, 8th, 9th,
10th, 11th, 14th, 15th, and 16th amendments of
the Senate were concurred in. The 1st and 2d
amendments as amended by the Committee of the
Whole were concurred in, and the 3d, 12th, and
13th disagreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the third clause of the
twenty-second section of the " act to change the
organization of the Post Office Department, passed
