1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
and Means down upon him in a twinkling; they
needed all the money to kill Mexicans, and could
spare none to scive the lives of our own citizens.
Anil this was a good reason in a higher place. One
ground on which the President had vetoed the
river and harbor bill was, that the money was
needed for the war: and for this same end he now
asked a tax upon tea and coffee. This amendment
proposed to take the tax off the shoulders of the
people, and put it on those of the office-holders;
and surely they ought to be taxed, if anybody
should. Ah, but this amendment was to save rev-
enue, and the bill was to raise revenue; so the
amendment could noi be m order. That was
drawing very fine. No; let the war-makers pWy
for the war.
Mr. KENNEDY. I thought it was the Presi-
dent that made the war.
Mr. ROOT. Well, this amendment would help
him with the means to pay. But Mr. R. had
another reason why he wished the amendment to
prevail. If they made it the interest of the officers
of the Government who now conducted the war to
put a stop to the war, we should very speedily get
a peace. Gentlemen professed to be very desirous
of this; in fact, they were fighting for nothing else.
Well, adopt this amendment; tax these office-
holders so long as the war should continue, and it
would end in sixty days. [A voice: " But this is
to tax members of Congress."] Well, when you
and I begin to find ourselves with empty pockets,
we shall soon find another thing: we shall find
means to end this war. But as long as war was
for the interest of the office-holders, let them stand
the coin: let them bear their shares of its burdens
along with other people.
Mr. R. was not now speaking as to what were
the proper subjects of taxation: that was another
thing.
He congratulated the country on the noble and
independent course pursued here by the gentle-
man from Virginia, |Mr. Hopkins.] That gen-
tleman acted in this matter in a consistent manner.
He had from the beginning advocated the propri-
ety of imposing taxes as we went on making ap-
propriations Cor the war: and now he went strongly
for a proposition which was to tax himself as well
as others. Such war-men as that Mr. R. could
understand. But he could not understand those
who were loud for the war, and ready to lay taxes
to raise revenue, but whom no power on earth
could get to tax their own pay to the amount of a
single dollar, though the war should come to a
dead stand. Though they were not among the re-
viled fourteen who voted against the war, (no, nor
were they worthy to unloose the latchet of their
shoes,) yet they were ten times greater peace men,
in practice and in effect, than any of those they
so loudly denounced.
Mr. STEWART suggested to Mr. Cocke a
modification of his amendment, so as to require
the officeholders to pay twenty-five per cent, of the
amount of their salaries. This would avoid any
question of order.
Mr. HENLEY said he should reluctantly be
under the necessity of voting against the decision
of the Chair. And he went with the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Cocke] in his amendment,
not merely because we were now in a war, but be-
cause he thought, and always had, that all the
salaries paid by this Government, from the salary
of the President down to that of the little pages
about the House, were too large, and ought to be
reduced.
Mr- H.F.ID called Mr. Henley to order for
speaking to the merits and not to the ielevancy of
the amendment.
The CHAIR reminded Mr. Reid that great
latitude had been allowed throughout the debate,
and the Chair did not like now to begin to restrain
gentlemen.
Mr. HENLEY said the gentleman need not be
alarmed, he was not going to be tedious. But he
was glad in having an opportunity of voting to re-
duce the salaries of officeholders. He had believed
this to be proper before he came here; now he was
convinced of it. After witnessing the enormous
extravagance of those who thus received the pub-
lic money, he thought it was time a little of it was
cut off and applied not only to the support of the
war, but to carry on the Government and pay its
debts, and to provide for improving the riveis and
harbors of the country, and erecting light-houses
on its coasts.
The committee then rose for the purpose of lim-
iting the debate; and
Mr. HENLEY moved the usual resolution to
close the debate in committee at five o'clock this
day.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to substitute
four o'clock in the place of five o'clock.
Mr. STEWART moved to amend the resolu-
tion by making it five o'clock on Monday next.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which motion was decided in the nega-
tive: Yeas 66, nays 110.
The question was put on 'Mr. Stewart's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved to substitute "quarter
after three" for the words " five o'clock." Agreed
to.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to,
and—
The Committee of the Whole resumed its ses-
sion.
There were now only a few minutes left to be
appropriated to debate, which were occupied m the
delivery of some remarks by Mr. BOWLIN.
Mr. B. said that, by the operation of the gag, he
was reduced in time to some eleven or twelve min-
utes. In that time, it was impossible to submit
his? views fully upon the question, and he would
therefoie content himself with stating his general
position under appropriate heads, and fill up for
the country. In the first place, he was for the bill
as a war measure, and should give it his undivided
support. The best interests of the country demand-
j ed it, as he would show. He designed repelling
the idea assumed here, that the people were unwil-
ling to be taxed to support the war; and invite the
attention of the committee to the popular demon-
strations in favor of his position—demonstrating,
by the press, legislatures, public meetings, (fee., the
true feelings of the people on this subject. He
also intended showing that the opposition to the
war and the measures necessary to cairy it on,
was not with the people, but with the politicians,
. and give the reasons for it. He intended to vindi-
I cate the patriotism of the people from the imputa-
! tion that they were not willing to be taxed on their
' tea and coffee to support the war. He intended
calling attention to the resolution of that House,
offered, under the gag;, by the honorable gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] and voted by
that House as the sentiment of the nation. He in-
tended noticing its reception by the people, the
press, the legislatures, illustrative of public senti-
ment against' the attempt to forestall the Adminis-
tration in its resources. He also intended to expose
the manner in which that resolution was introduced,
pushed through, and by whom supported, and for
what purpose. He intended to direct attention to
the gallant response of the State of Illinois on it.
He then designed taking a general review of the
I bill before them—its objects, provisions, its recom-
! mendations, and a general review of the measure.
I He intended to call attention to the attempt to kill
S it by a bad name, and expose all such efforts. He
also designed taking a review of the Whig tarill,
and their tariff principles generally—to tax the
j poor and save the rich—for taxing tea and coffee
! when we were at peace and had a full treasury,
! but against it when we needed lesources in the de-
! fence~of the country. He designed vindicating at
some length the reduction and giaduation principle
in the bill, both as a revenue measure, and one cal-
i culated to enhance the prosperity of thegreat West,
i He intended demonstrating the revenue character
! of the measure from actual precedent—referring to
! operations of the system on the Chickasaw ces-
sion. He also intended to vindicate it as a meas-
, ure justand right in itself;—all which he would elab-
I orate in his views tq the people in filling up his
argument. And he intended to tell those gentle-
I men who flattered themselves that they were eheck-
; ing the prosperity of the West by keeping up a
I fettered land system, that they were rolling the
' rock of Sisyphus—it would comeback on them;
[ that the glorious destiny of the AVest was written :
! in the book of fate never to be reversed. The day ;
1 the pioneer column passed the barrier of the Alle- .
I ffhanies, the star of empire arose in the West,
! never to set until the final consummation of all ■
earthly things. [See Appendix for the speech of
Mr. B.l , ,
The debate was closed; and the committee pro-
ceeded to vote.
The question being stated on the appeal taken
by Mr. Cocke from the decision of the Chair
ruling Mr. C.'s amendment out of order, it was
decided in the affirmative. So the Chair was sus-
tained.
Mr. McKAY then moved to amend the first
section of the above bill by striking out the words
" passage of this act," and inserting " tenth day
of March, 1847," so as that the law shall go into
effect on the 10th day of March, 1847. Agreed tp.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to strike out the
first section, so far as the same levies a duty on
tea and coffee.
Mr. W. said he wished this motion to be re~
garded as a test question.
The question was put and the amendment was
rejected:—yeas 92, noes 94.
Mr* TIBBATTS moved to strike out all of the
first section (as amended) after the words " tenth
day of March, 1847,'' and the following words of
the second section: " Be it further enacted, That
from and after the passage of this act;" the effect
of which amendment would exempt tea and coffee
from duty.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to make the duty ten
per cent, on tea and coffee, instead of twenty per
cent.
Mr. SAWYER rose to a question of order; and
the rale applying to the point having been read,
Mr. S. did not press his point.
The question on Mr. Ratiibun's amendment
was put, and the amendment disagreed to.
Mr. PERRY moved to strikeout all of the first
section imposing the duty on tea and coffee, and
to insert in lieu thereof an ad vaforem duty of five
per cent, on copper and metal sheathing, ten per
cent, on silks of all kinds, and ten per cent, on
linen and hempen goods. Disagreed to.
Mr. WOOD moved to^add to the first section;
"And on champagne, sherry, Madeiia, and port
wines, and on manufactures of silk, fifty percent,
ad valorem." Disagreed to.
Mr CARROLL moved to add at the end of the
first section: "And, for the purpose of raising
revenue, the act of Congress of July 30, 1846,
entitled 'An act reducing the duties on imports
and for other purposes, be and the same is hereby
repealed, and the duties under the tariff act of
August 30th, 1842, be and the same is hereby re-
vived and enacted." Disagreed to.
Mr. HAMIJN moved to add to the end of the
first section: "And that, from and after the 10th
day of March, 1847, there shall be levied, collect-
ed, and paid upon each of the schedules named
in an act entitled * An act for reducing the duties
on imports and for other purposes,' approved
July 30, 1846, except on schedule 1, an additional
duty of five per cent, ad valorem." Disagreed to.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to add at the end
of the first section: " And a duty of five per cent,
ad valorem on sheathing copper." Disagreed to.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to strike out all
after the enacting words of the first section and
insert: " That, from and after the 10th day of
March, 1847, for and during the continuance of
the existing war with Mexico, there shall be le-
vied, collected, and paid upon all imported arti-
cles whatsoever, except gold and silver, five per
centum ad valorem, in addition to all duties now
authorized by law." Disagreed to.
Mr. FOOT moved to amend the first section by
increasing the duty twenty per cent, on " unmanu-
factured wool." Disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tibbatts's
amendment, and it was agreed to: Ayes 93, noes
90.
The first and second sections of the bill were
; thus embodied into one section, omitting the duly
| on tea and coffee, so as to lead as follows:
I "• Sec. 1. Be it enuetcd, $c. That from and after the 10th
I day ot March, 1847, theie shall be lo\ iecS, collected, and paid
; <m additional duty of ten per cent, ad valorem on the fbllow-
j inir aitides theitafter imported into the United States from
i foieign countries?, namely: lo-tf and other refined sugar;
| coal; bai iron manufactured by rolling; pig iron; lound
! iron, as braziers' rods,, of three-i-ixteenths to ten-sixteenths
ot an inch m dianiPter, inclusive, nail or spike rods, &lit,
lolled, or hammered; sheet iron, (except taggers';) hoop
• lion; band or seioll iron; casement, rods, t-ht, rolled, oj
, hammered ; wood screws, (of iron;) spikes, cut oi wiought;
i and white and red lead."
i Mr. THIBODAUX now moved to amend the
; above section by striking out 44 loaf and other re-
! fined sugars," and inserting " brown and other
' sugars, sirups, and molasses.5' Disagreed to.
Mr. WILLIAM Or. BROWN moved an amend-
1 ment taxing the pay of all officers of Government
