538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
whose salaries could be constitutionally altered,
and the pay of members of Congress,* twenty-five
per cent.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment of Mr. B.
out of order.
Mr. BROWN appealed.
The question on the appeal was put, and the
Chair sustained.
Mr. WOOD moved to amend the section (as the
reporter understood, for he could get no copy of
the amendment) by increasing the duty on all arti-
cles of the tariff of 1846 five per cent., except
wines and silk, and on those articles an inciease of
twenty per cent. Disagreed to.
The third section of the original bill (being now
the second section) was then read as follows:
" Sec. 2- Jhvl he it further enacted, That, frnm aitd after
the 10th day of March', J847, theie shall he levied,collected,
and paid an additional duty of five per cent, ad valorem on
the following articles imported thereafter into the United
States from foreign countries-, namely: manufactures of cot-
ton, if dyed, colored, printed, or stained, exceeding in value
thirty cents the squaie yard; and manufactures of cotton
not dyed, eoloied, printed, or stained, exceeding in value
twenty cents the square yard."
Mr. FOOT moved to amend the section so as to
increase the present duty on unmanufactured wool
ten per cent.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend Mr. Foot's
amendment as follows: " On unmanufactured wool
three cents per pound, and on all woollens ten per
cent." Disagreed to.
Mr. GORDON moved to amend Mr. Foot's
amendment as follows: " On wool three cents per
pound, or twenty per cent, ad valorem." Disa-
greed to.
The question was put on Mr. Foot's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. FOSTER here moved an amendment, which
was ruled out of order, as the section to which his
amendment was to be proposed had been consid-
ered.
Mr. McCRATE moved to add at the end of the
section: " And an additional duty of ten per cent,
ad valorem on all manufactures of silk, and of
which silk shall be a component part; on all man-
ufactures of linen or flax, or of which flax shall
beacomponent part; 011 all spirits, cordials, wines,
and on all cigars, and on all teas and coffee."
Disagreed to.
Mr. SEAMAN moved to amend the section by
striking out " thirty," and inserting in lieu thereof
" twenty;" and also to strike out'" twenty," and
insert in lieu thereof" ten." So that it would read
" twenty cents the square yard," and "ten cents
the square yard." Di.sa.;;'rcod to.
Mr. ,T. I'. JNGERSOLL moved to add at the
end of the section, "and ten per cent, additional
on sugar of lead, iron wire and nails, and wrought
iron tubes." Disagreed to.
Mr. W. G. BROWN moved to amend the sec-
tion by inserting after "namely," "fiie-bricks."
Disagreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT moved to add at the end of the
section, " and on all manufactures of flax ten per
cent, ad valorem." Disagreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend the section
by adding, "on copperas one cent per pound."
Disagreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to amend the section by
striking out " five" and inserting " ten," so as to
make it an "additional duty of ten per cent, ad
valorem." Disagreed to.
Mr. THIBODAUX moved to add to the sec-
tion thus : " Also a duty of ten per cent, ad valo-
rem on brown and other sugars, molasses, and
sirups." Disagreed to.
Mr. HAMPTON moved to insert after the word
"namely," "window glass and glass bottles."
Disagreed to.
Mr. NORRIS moved to add at the end of the
section, " and all manufactures of cotton and wow
or of which "wool, whether carded or combed, is
the component part of cluef value." Disagreed'to.
Mr. WOOD moved to substitute for the 1st and
2d section, the following: "That from and after
the 10th day of March, 1847, five per cent, ad va-
lorem additional duties be imposed upon all manu-
factured articles mentioned in the act for reducing
the duty on imports and for other purposes, ex-
cept silks; ten per cent, on tea and coffee ad valo-
rem; twenty per cent, ad valorem additional duty
on champagne, sherry, Madeira, and port wines,
and on all manufactures of silk and linen." Dis-
agreed to
Mr. PAYNE moved to strike out the entire sec-
tion. Disagreed to. *
Mr. CHAPMAN, ofMaryland, moved the fol-
lowing as a new section, to come in after section
two :
" Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the first day of July next, there shall be paid twenty per cen-
tum ad valorem, in addition to ali other duties, on the fol-
lowing articles, that is to say : on woollen cloths and ca si-
meres; on all manufactures of cotton, which are dyed,
colored, printed, or stained; on all laces; on bleached and
unbleached linen, worsted stuff goods, all manufactures of
silk, or of which silk is a component part; on leather ; on (
spirits distilled from grain or other materials; on hemp and
cordage; and on all kinds of wines: Provided, That when-
ever it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the
President of the United States that the tobacco, the produce
of the United States, is admitted into the several ports bo- j
longing to any foreign State, Kingdom, or Government, pro- !
dticing or manufacturing any oi the said enumerated articles, [
at a duty not exceeding the maximum or highest rate of duty I
chargeable on anv of them, and that any American citizen '
lnav export the tobacco of the United States directly there- 1
from to any port or place of any f-uch foreign State, King-
dom, or Government, and theie dispose of the same upon
as good terms as any citizen or subject of said State, King-
dom, or Government, so tar as any regulation of Government
may affect the same, then the said additional duty of twenty
per centum shall be remitted, so far as regards such ojf the
said articles as are of the produce or manufacture of such
State, Kingdom, or Government as shall admit the tobacco
as aforesaid: Jind provuled, farther, That according as any
foreign Stat^,Kingdom,orGovernmentshali hereatter,from
time to time, reducc the rate of duty imposed upon the to-
bacco, the produce of the United States, below the maxi-
mum or highest rate of dutv imposed by this act upon the
aforegoing enumerated articles, and whenever the said reduc-
tion shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, then shall said duties imposed
upon said articles—to wit: on woollen cloths and cassimeies;
on all manufactures of cotton, which are dyed, coloied,
punted, or stained; ori laces; on bleached and unbleached
linen; on woisted stutf goods; on all manufactuies of silk
or of which silk is a component part; on leather; on spuits
distilled from gram or other materials ; on hemp or cordage 5
and on all kinds of wines—be reduced upon a like scale or
cot responding reciprocal ratio, so far as legards such of the
>aid article-* as aie of the pi oduce or manufacture of such
State, Kingdom, or Government aa shall admit the tobacco
as aforesaid.
Sec. — And be itfurther enacted. That from and after the
iirttday of July next there shall be levied, collected, and
paid, on the-importation of the ai tick's hereinafter mention-
ed, the following duties, in addition to tho>e now levied un-
der the actnppioved the 30th day of Julv, 1840, entitled kAn
act reducing the duties on impoits, and fur other purposes,'
that is to say, on iron in bars, not manufactured m whole or
in pait by rolling, fifteen dollars per ton ; on bolt or bar iron,
made; wholly or in part by rolling, twenty dollars per ton;
on all manufactures of iron, twenty pei centum ad valorem,
in addition to the present duties now levied; on coal, two
doll.irs per ton ; on all vessels or wait>, articles and manu-
factures of cut gla^s ; on plain, moulded, oi pressed glass,
and on all other glassware ; on china waie, porcelain ware,
earthen ware, stone wme, and on all oiher wate composed
of earth or mineral sub-tanee.-, an additional duty of twenty
per centum: Ptovuied. That whenever it -hall be made to
appear to the satisfaction of the President of the United
Siate^ lh.it the tobacco, the produce of*the United Suites, is
admitted into the several ports belonging to any foreign
State, Kingdom, or Government, producing or mauufactu-
nn« anv of the said articles herein enumeiated, upon a duty
not exceeding the maximum or highest rate of duty chaige-
ah!° on any of them, ami that any citizen of the United
States may export the tobacco of the United States diieetly
therefrom to any port or place of any such foreign State,
Kingdom, oi Government, and theie di-po^ of the same,
upon as good terms as any citizen or subject of said State,
Kingdom, or Government, as far a-* any regulation of Gov-
ernment may affect the same, then the said additional duty
upon iron, not manufaetuied by rolling: on bolt or bar iron,
made by ioiling in whole or in part; on all manufactuies of
iron ; on coal; on all vessels or wares ; articles and manu-
facture" of glass.?; on plain, moulded, and pressed glass, and
othei glass "waie; on china ware, porcelain waie, earthen
ware, stone ware, and all other ware composed of earth or
mineral substance, shall be remitted, so Jar as regards such
of ttie aiticles above recited as are the produce or manut'ac-
tuie of such State,Kingdom, or Government, as shall admit
the tobacco, the growth of the United Stales, as aforesaid :
And provided, further, That accouhng as any State, King-
dom, or Government shall hereaftei, tiom tune to time, re-
duce the rate of duty imposed upon tobacco, the produce
of the United States, below the maximum or highest rate of
dnfy imposed by this act upon the foregoingla^t enumeiated
articles, and whenever the said reduction .-hall he made to
appear to the satisfaction of the Picsulent of the United
States, then shall the duties upon the said ai tides, last enu-
merated be reduced upon a like scale or eoi respondinglecip-
rooal ratio, so far as regards such of the said articles as are
of the produce or manuractuie of such State, Kingdom, or
Government, as shall admit the tobacco as aforesaid.'1
This amendment was disagreed to.
The fourth section of the original bill (now the
third section) was then read, as follows:
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the duties im-
posed bv this act *hall cease two ycara after the exchange
and ratification of a treaty of peace with Mexico: Pwvided,
That the dunes laid by this act shall be collected on ail such
goods, wares, and merchandise, as shall have been imported
previous to the dayon which the =:aid duties are to ceasc."
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend it bv
striking out the words " two years," so as to make
the duties cease with the war. Disagreed to.
Mr. STEWART moved an amendment, " That
' there shall be assessed and paid an additional
' duty of 20 per cent, on wines and other luxuries
< embraced in schedule B of the tariff act of 30th of
* July, 1846." Disagreed to.
Mr. EDSALL moved to add a new section:
"That there shall be levied and collected a duty
* of 10 per cent, on all iron in bars, bolts, blooms,
< or slabs, manufactured in whole or in part by
* hammering;." Disagreed to.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, now moved that
the committee rise. Disagreed to: Ayes 92, noes
JMr. BRINKERHOFF moved to strike out all
after the enacting words of the bill, cxcept the last
section, and insert:
"That fiom and after the 10th day of March, 1847, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid, during the continuance
of the existing war with Mexico, in addition to the duties
now authorized by law, a dut\ of 10 per cent, on all importa-
tions of iron, coal, ali manufactures of iron, manufactures
of woo!, manufactures of silk, manufactures of linen, and
manufactures of worsted, and on wine and f-pnits of all
kinds, and refined sugars, and 5 per cent upon all other im-
ported articles whatever, except gold and silver."
Disagreed to.
The next and last section was then read, as fol-
lows:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all lands belong-
ing to the United States which have been m matket and
subject to entry for ten ycaro, and not more than fifteen
years, may be entered at one dollar per acre; all lauds be-
longing to the United States, and which have been in market
and subject to entry for fifteen years, and notmorethan twen-
ty-five jeurs, maybe entered at seventy-five cents per aei e;
and all such lands which have been in market and subject
to entry for more than twenty-five years, may be entered at
fifty cents per acre. This section to take effect from and
after the fir«t day of May, eighteen hundred and forty-seven,
and to continue in force only during the existing war with
Mexico, and tot six months after the ratification ot a treaty
of peace with her."
Mr. GORDON" moved to amend the section by
inserting after the word "acre," "excepting from
the operation of this act the alternate sections of
land in and near public improvements to construct
which the Government has heretofore made dona-
tions of land." Disagreed to.
Mr. CATHCART moved an amendment, stri-
king out six months, and inserting two years; so
as to limit the sale to two years instead of six
months after the latification of a treaty of peace
with Mexico. Disagreed to.
Mr. WILMOT moved so to amend " that no
person or persons shall be entitled to the benefits
of the reduccd price of the public lands provided
for in this act, except the actual settler upon the
same."
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to add to Mr.
Wilmot's amendment: "And provided, That the
benefit of these reduced prices shall be extended
to preemptois as well as to other persons."
Mr. WILMOT accepted Mr. McClernand's
amendment; and, the question being put on the
amendment as modified, it was disagreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAJND then moved to add his
amendment to the end of the section. Disagreed
to.
Mr. BOWDON moved an amendment, to the
end of the section authorizing that the lands ac-
quired by the United States, under a treaty with
the Creek and Cherokee Indians, lying in the State
of Alabama, may be entered after the 1st of June
next, at seventy-five cents per acre. Disagreed
to.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend the sec-
tion so that the lands of the United States which
have been in market for five years, and not more
than ten years, may be enteied at one dollar per
acre; for ten and not more than fifteen years, at
seventy-five cents per acre; for twenty years, fifty
cents per acre; and for twenty-five years, twenty-
five cents per acre; and leave out that part of the
bill thai limited us advantage to six months after
the war, so as to make the graduation permanent.
Disagreed to.
Mr. McHENRY moved an amendment provi-
ding that the lands of the United States which have
been in market for ten years may be entered at one
dollar per acre until the 1st of January, 1649; atid
after that period twenty cents per acre per annum
shall be added to the price for five years; and, after
the expiration of five years, ten cenis per annum
in addition thereto shall be added for another peri-
od of five years. Disagreed to.
Mr. G-ROYERnow moved to strike out the sec-
tion.
The CHAIR decided the motion out of order.
