540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
4 Brigadier Generals Haraer and Quitman of the operations
< of their respective brigades on the 21st of September last."
' As some of these documents relate to military operations
of .our forces which may not haye been fully executed, I
might have deemed it propei to withhold parts of them, un-
der the apprehension that their publication at this time would
be "detrimental to the public service;" but I am satisfied
that these operations are now so lar advanced, and that the
enemy has ah cady received so much information from other
sources in relation to the intended movements of our army,
as to render this precaution unnecessary.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, February 27,1847.
The House, at twenty minutes before eight
o'clock p. m., adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented and reerred, under the rule:
Bv Mr. STEWART: The petition of John D. D. Ro^set,
of Virginia, in relation to immigration of foreigners.
By Mr. LEWIS: The petition of David Waldo, for the
payment of services in the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Robert Aimstrong
and 71 other citizens of Northumberland county, Pennsyl-
vania, piaying for an alteration of the naturalization laws,
&,o. Al.-'o, the petition of S. C. Runyan and 77 others, of
the same place and for the same purpose.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial from Samuel Easter
and J6Q other citizens of Clinton county, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to use all constitutional powers for terminating, as
speedily as possible, the war with Mexico, without further
effusion of blood.
By Mr. WINTHROP: The memorial of Josiah Quincy,
jr., Mayor of Boston, and of a large number of citizens,
praying that some of the public ships and vessels which are
not ngedpd for the national service, may be employed in
tian-sporhng food to the famishing people of Ireland. The
memorial states that the freight of giain to Ireland has risen
to the enormous puce of tromjorhf-fioe to sixty-two cents
per biuhcl—b.jing double the co&t of1 raiding Indian corn in
many parts of this* country.
By Mr. WRIGHT: The petition of Jacob Robinson and
others., asking for an appiopnntion for a light house on the
reef at the eniranee of Newark Bay, New Jeisey. Also, the
petition of Mersey Lock, asking foi a pension.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN : The memonal of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, for the mdemmfic<uion of Elbeit Dickin-
son. Also, on the subject of preemption rights and sales of
the public lands. *
By Mr. MOSELEY : The petition of Amanda Fax, ad-
niimstratux, &e., for compensation for losses su&tained in
the late war with Great Britain.
IN SENATE.
Monday, J^arch 1, 1847.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
Mr. ARCHER presented the credentials of the
Hon. R. M.T. Hunter, chosen a Senator of the
United States by the Geneial Assembly of the Com-
mon wealth of Virginia, for six years from the 4th
day of March, 1847.
On motion of*Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate take a recess to day
from four until six o'clock p. m.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CASS presented a preamble and resolutions
passed by the Legislature of the State of Michi-
gan, declaring it as their opinion that the existing
war with Mexico was brought about solely by the
acts of that republic, and that it should be prose-
cuted on the part of the United States with vigor;
that it is the duty of the Government to make pro-
vision for the soldiers engaged in the war, and for i
the families of such as may be killed or die of
wounds received in battle; and in favor of extend-
ing the provisions of the ordinance of 1787 over
any territory which may be acquired by the Uni-
ted States. Read and ordered to be printed. i
Mr. DICKINSON presented five petitions of !
citizens of New York, praying the employment of
a public vessel for transporting food to the famish-
ing poor of Ireland; which were laid on the table.
Mr. DAYTON presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Trenton, New Jersey, vindi- I
eating the character and conduct of General Zach- !
ary Taylor in his military operations at Monterey; '
which were laid on the table.
Mr. DIX presented six petitions of citizens of
New York, praying the employment of a public
vessel in carrying food to the famishing poor of
Ireland; which were laid on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Seneca county, :
New York, praying that the Tonawanda Indians i
may be exempted from the operation of the Sen- j
eca treaty of 1842; which was laid on the table. '
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citizens
of Alleghany city, Pennsylvania, praying that tea
and coffee may not be subject to duty; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying the adoption of pacific measures for speed-
ily terminating the war with Mcxico; which was
refi^gred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
THANKS TO GENERAL TAYLOR.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution of thanks to General
Taylor, his officers and men, for their brilliant mil-
itary operations at Monterey, reported the same
back with amendments. .
The Senate having proceeded to the considera-
tion thereof, as in committee of the whole, the
amendments were agreed to.
The" joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate, and, the amendments having been concur-
red in, it was ordered to a third reading, and was,
by unanimous consent, read a thiid time and
BOUNTY LAND STOCK.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom had been referred the bill to
amend the act entitled "An act to raise for a limit-
ed time an additional military force, and for other
purposes,'5 reported the same back with amend-
ments.
The Senate proceeded to consider said bill as in
committee of the whole, and the amendments hav-
ing been agreed to, the bill was reported to the
Senate.
The amendments were concurred in, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and was, by unanimous consent, read a third
time, and passed.
TIIE TEN REGIMENTS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to whom had been referred the amendments
of the House to the bill of the Senate making pro-
vision for an additional number of general officers,
and for other purposes, reported thereon with
amendments.
Mr. D. having explained the amendments, gave
notice that he would call the bill up to-day, if an
opportunity offered; and if not, then he would call
it up to-morrow morning.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill from the House au-
thorizing the erection of certain light-houses, and
for other purposes, reported the same without
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider said bill as in
committee of the whole; and no amendment having
been offered, the bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then moved an amend-
ment appropriating $2,000 for the erection of a
ligh t-house on the burnt pier in the river Delaware;
which was agreed to.
Some other amendments were offered by Messrs.
FAIRFELD and DAYTON, which were not
agreed to; and the bill was then ordered to a third
reading, and was, by unanimous consent, read a
third time, and passed.
Subsequently, on motion by Mr. BADGER,
(who stated that he had ascertained that any
amendment would, in all probability, lead to the
loss of the bill,) the vote on the passage of the bill
was reconsidered, and the vote upon agreeing to
the amendment of Mr. J. M. Clayton was also
reconsidered, and the amendment was then disa-
greed to. ^
The bill was then passed in the shape in which
it came from the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom had been referred the bill from the House
making appropriations for the support of the army
and of volunteers, for the year ending 30th June,
1848, and for other purposes, reported the -same
with amendments.
Th'e Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said bill, as in committee of the whole.
The amendments reported from the Committee
on Finance were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved an amendment,
which was agreed to, and the bill was then report-
ed to the Senate, and the amendments having been
concurred in, it was ordered to a third reading, and
was, by unanimous consent, read a third time, and
passed.
BANK OF THE METROPOLIS.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom had been referred the bill from the House
for the relief of the Bank of the Metropolis, report-
ed the same without amendment.
The Senate having proceeded to the considera-
tion of said bill as in committee of the whole, and
no amendment having been offered, it was reported
to the Senate.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
was, by unanimous consent, read a third time, and
MINESOTA.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom had been referred the bill from
the House establishing the Territorial government
of Minesota, reported the same without amend-
ment.
POST-ROUTE BILL.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the PostOf-
fice and Post Roads, to whom had been referred
the bill from the House to establish certain post-
routes, reported the same with amendments.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said bill, as in committee of the whole.
The amendments were read, and after being
slightly amended, were agreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the amendments
were concurred in.
Several other amendments were then adopted,
(among them one for a mail to and from the army,
and another for a mail to and from Oregon,) and
the bill was ordered to a third reading, and was,
by unanimous consent, read a third time, and
passed.
PUBLIC LANDS GRANTED TO FLORIDA.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee of Public
Lands, reported a bill respecting the location of the
lands in the State of Florida, granted by the Uni-
ted States to the State for different objects, and for
other purposes; which was read, at)d passed to the
second reading.
REFUNDING ADVANCES FOR VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to whom had been referred the joint resolu-
tion to refund money to the States which have
supplied volunteers and furnished them transporta-
tion during the present war before being mustered
and received into the service of the United States,
reported the same without amendment.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said joint resolution, as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. ASHLEY moved an amendment, so as to
! include individuals acting under the authority of
States; which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON moved an amendment to in-
clude counties, townships, cities, boroughs, and
individuals; which was not agreed to.
Mr. RUSK moved an amendment to refund the
advances made for regular troops as well as vol-
unteers; which was agreed to.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate,
and the amendments having been concurred in, it
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time,
and passed.
' JACKSON MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to whom was referied the
joint resolution from the House granting certain
unserviceable brass cannon to the Jackson Monu-
ment Committee, reported the same without amend-
ment.
The Senate having proceeded to the considera-
tion of said joint resolution, as in committee of the
whole,
Mr. MILLER said it was understood that the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] was opposed
to this resolution, and as he was absent, he moved
to lay it upon the table; which was agreed to.
UNION BANK OF GEORGETOWN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, to whom had
been referred the bill from the House to extend the
charter of the Union Bank of Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, reported the same without
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said bill, as in commitee of the whole, and no
amendment having been offered, it was reported to
the Senate, and ordered to a third reading.
