542
« THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to „the proprietor, he may compel them to remain
oil the estate until they pay him. This is, the ex-
tent of what is termed slavery in Mexico. It is
an arbitrary process of enforcing the payment of
debts; and it is decidedly more merciful than im-
prisonment for debt. It is a usage regulated by
colonial laws, which are yet unrepealed, and it
must wear out, gradually, like all usages which
have become incorporated into the social organiza-
tion of a people, and which are incompatible with
its spirit.
I will read a few passages from a Spanish work
on Mexico, (" Ensayo Wistorico de las Revolu-
ciones de Megico"—Pelitical Essay on the Revo-
lutions of Mexico,) which illustrate the condition of
that republic, in respect to this and other remnants
of her colonial dependence. The author (Zavala)
speaks of the laboring classes, or peones, thus:
" More than three millions of individuals called suddenly
to enjoy the moet ample rights of citizenship, from the -.in re
of the most opprobiious slavery, without any immovable
property, without a knowledge of any art or employment, and
without commerce or industry."
The following passages sketch graphically the
struggle which is in progress between arbitrary and
liberal principles:
" From the year 1808 to the year 1830, that is to say, in the
space of a generation, such a change of ideas, of opinions, of
parties, and of interests, has supei veiled, as to overthrow a
recognised and respected form ot Government, and to trans-
fer seven millions of people from despotism and arbitrary
power to the most liberal theories. Customs and habits
alone, which are transmitted m movements, actions, ami
continued examples, have not changed; for how can ab-
stract doetrines change suddenly the course of life ?
" There is, then, a continual struggle between the doc-
trines which aie professed, the uislituuoiih which are adopt-
ed, the piineipies which are established on the one side, and
the abuses which are sanctified, the customs which prevail,
tile semi-feudal rights which are lespeeted on the other;
between national soveicignty, equality of political lights, the
liberty of the press, popular government ori the one side,
and between the intervention of an armed force, privileged
rights, religious intolerance, and tile proprietors ol immense
"estates."
Mexico is still in a state of political transition,
parsing from au arbitrary to a liberal system, and
time will be necessary to enable her to eradicate
and cast off deeply-seated disorders in her social
organization. For more than fifty years after the
establishment of our independence, debt was pun-
ished as a crime in my own State. How can wo
expect Mexico, in less than half that period, to cast
off all the badges of her colonial servitude? But to
return to the point from which I departed—she has
a provision in her constitution prohibiting slavery
forever.
Shall the territory we acquire from her come to
us with this prohibition, or shall it be made an
area for the further extension of slavery? In other
words, shall wo purchase territory where slavery
is now prohibited, and virtually rescind the pro-
hibition? Shall we ingraft slaveiy upon territory
where jt does not lawfully or constitutionally ex-
ist, using the arms of the Union to conquer, or
the treasure of the Union to purchase, it? These
arc the questions presented to us; and the resolu-
tions passed by the Legislatures of New York and
other lton-slaveholding States have anticipated and
given them negative answers. The New York
resolutions dcclare, that " if any territory is herc-
' after acquired by the United States, or annexed
' thereto, the act by which such territory is ac-
' quired or annexed, whatever such act may be,
' should contain an unalterable fundamental article
*or provision, whereby slavery and involuntary
1 servitude, except as a punishment for crime, shall
' be forever excluded from the territory acquired or
'annexed;" and they instruct the Senators from
the State to " use their host efforts to carry into
effect the views expressed in the foregoing reso-
lutions." &
This vote of instruction passed the Senate unan-
imously, the question upon it having been taken
separately from the other resolutions. All parties
and divisions of party concurred in the propriety
of the instruction, and of course in the subject-
matter of the resolutions; for it is not to be sup-
posed that any one would vote to instruct Sena-
tors to do what he believed wrong. I ought to
state, that three votes in the Senate out of twenty-
six, (the whole number,) and nine votes in the
House out of one hundred and five, were cast
t\gainst the resolution containing the proposed re-
striction; but I believe all the members who gave
these twelve votes, with, perhaps, a single excep-
tion, avowed themselves in favor of the principle
asserted, though they voted against the resolution,
because they objected to the form in which it was
presented or the time selected tor passing it. _ I
believe I may safely say, that there is no differ-
ence of opinion in the Legislature on the subject
of excluding slavery from any territory hereafter
to be acquired. I have no knowledge of the views
of the members, excepting so far as they may be
inferred from the terms of the resolution. I have
had no communication, direct or indirect, with
any one of them. But it may be reasonably pre-
sumed that their conclusions were strengthened
by the fact, that in the territory bordering upon
us on all sides, slavery is excluded, and that to re-
ceive it without restriction would be, according to
the construction of those who oppose restriction,
to extend and establish slavery where it is not
now peimitted to exist. On this question, I be-
lieve I hazard nothing in saying, that not only
New York, but all the non-slaveholding States,
are undivided in opinion.
Mr. President, in the adoption of the resolutions
to which I have referred, the non-slaveholdingStates
have taken no new ground. It is older than the
Constitution under which we live. It belongs to the
era of the Confederation; to the period of partial or-
ganization, which intervened between the adoption
of the Articles of Confederation and the establish-
ment of the Federal Government. In 1787, when a
government was instituted for the territory north-
west of the Ohio river, by the same men, or the
associates of the same men, who were the authors
6f the Declaration of Independence and the framers
of the Constitution, they included in the ordinance
a provision prohibiting slavery and involuntary ser-
itude. I will read it to the Senate:
"There shall be neithei slavery nor involuntary servitude
in the ;-aid Territory, otherwise than in the punishment of
crimes, wircreof the said party shall have been duly eon-
vieti'd: Provided, al /.-ays, That any pei>on escaping into tiie
same, ftom whom latioi or service is lawfully claimed in
any one of the original States, such fugitive may be lawfully
reclaimed, and conveyed lo rhe person claiming his or hei
labor or service aforesaid."
The proviso in the bill which came from the
House is in substance the same.
I have referred to the year 1787 as the period of
the adoption of the provision I have read. But it
had, in fact, a still earlier origin. It was proposed
in 1784 by Mr. Jefferson, but failed for want of
the votes of the requisite number of States. The
thirteen original States then composed the Con-
federation; the votes were taken by States, each
State counting one; seven States, or a majority,
were necessary tu carry any question; some ques-
tions could only be decided affirmatively by nine
votes; and this proposition received the votes of
only six States. Maryland, Virginia, and South
Carolina, at that time voted against it. North
Carolina was divided. Mr. Jefferson of Virginia,
of North Carolina, voted in its favor. The author
the author of the provision, and Mr. Williamson
of the Declaration of Independence and the author
of the slavery restriction in the ordinance of 1787,
are the same person. The principles proclaimed
in the one were doubtless designed by the author
to be practically enforced in the other. He stands
before the world, as far as the obligations of our
social condition permitted, consistent with himself.
The ordinance, of which the provision 1 have
quoted is a part, finally passed in the affirmative in
1787, with a slight modification in its terms. It
received the votes of eight States. There was but
one vote against it, and that waa given by a mem-
ber from New York, though the vote of the State
was given for it. Georgia, South Carolina, North
Carolina, and Virginia, unanimously supported it.
Much of the Northwestern Territory was then a
forest; and, in the hands of the fathers of the Con-
stitution, its future destiny was placed. They
performed their duty under that high sense of con-
scientiousness and responsibility which seems to
have guided all their deliberations in providing for
their own government and that of the States then
about to spring up in the bosom of the wilderness;
and 1 venture to say that the entire population of
that wide-spread territory, now instinct with life,
and strength, and freedom, and intelligence, and all
the blessings of civilization, looks back with ap-
probation and gratitude upon the conduct of those,
who gave direction and shape to the political char-
acter of the communities it contains.
The non-slaveholding States have, by their reso-
lutions, placed themselves upon the ground taken
by Jefferson more than sixty years ago. Circum-
stances render the position of jefferson even higher
than that now taken by them. Slavery existed de
jure, if not de facto, in the Northwestern Territory -
in 1787. The ordinance was a virtual abolition of
it. The proposition, originally made in 1784 by
Mr. Jefferson, was that after the year 1800 it
should cease to exist. He proposed to take six-
teen years for its abolition. The ordinance, as it
passed, went into immediate effect. The non-
slaveholding States only ask, that in the acquisi-
tion of territory now free, slavery shall not be es-
tablished. In the one case, it was abolished where
it existed; in the other, it is only proposed to be
excluded where it does not exist.
The course of the non-slaveholding States has
been denounced as aggressive. Sir, it has, from the
earliest period, been liberal and forhearing. They
have acquiesced in all the propositions which have
been made from time to time to add southern terri-
tory to the Union; they have concurred in appro-
priating money for the purpose, contributing their
own share, and thus bearing a part of the burden
of the purchase. They united m the purchase of
Louisiana, in the purchase of Florida, and in the an-
nexation of Texas. They have contributed in these
cases to the extension of slavery over a geographi-
cal area exceeding that of the thirteen original
States—equal to four-fifths of that of the original
States and their territories. They have voted for
the admission of States from Louisiana and Florida,
with provisions in their constitutions not only re-
cognising slavery, but prohibiting its abolition by
the legislative power of those States. They have
acceded to all this upon the principle of leaving the
States free to regulate this subject for themselves
within their own limits. In Texas, slavery existed
only nominally. That lepublic had an area of more
than three hundred thousand square miles, accord-
ing to the boundaries claimed by its Congress. Its
population, bond and free, when admitted into the
Union, did not exceed one hundred and fifty thou-
sand souls. It was,for the most part, unpopulated.
Its admission into the Union with slavery, was
therefore a virtual extension of slavery over an
area equal to more than half the area of the original
thirteen States. We were told that attempts had
been made by foreign Governments to abolish
slavery in Texas, and that the success of these at-
tempts would endanger the domestic tranquillity of
the southern States. The non-slaveholding States
were appealed to, on this and other grounds, to
unite in the immediate annexation ofTexas. They
yielded their assent. In all this they have acqui-
esced. Sir, they have done more; they have con-
tributed to if, for it could never have been accom-
plished but by the aid of northern votes. They
believe they have fulfilled towards the South every
obligation of fraternal duty. And yet they are ac-
cused of aggression, because they will not consent
to the extension of slavery to free territory.
We have been told by our southern friends,
with few exceptions, that they regarded slavery as
a moral and social evil, for which they were not
responsible—an evil forced upon them by foreign
rulers during their colonial dependence. It is under
this view of the subject that they have been sus-
tained by their friends in the non-slaveholding
States, not only in the full possession and enjoy-
ment of all their rights over this subject within
their own limits under the Constitution, (this is a
duty none should be so unscrupulous as to dis-
regard,) but in purchasing slave territory, and
establishing slaveholding States. Acquisition has
gone on uninterrupted by us, and indeed aided by
us, until there is no longer any slave territory on
this continent to hring into the Union. We have
literally absorbed it all.
The non-slaveholding States are now asked to go
further: to purchase free territory, and leave it open
to the extension of slavery; to extend to free soil
and to free communities an evil which our southern
friends have told us was forced upon them against
their wishes and consent. The unanimity with
which the Legislatuies of New York, Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, and other States, have acted in refer-
ence to this proposition, is but an index to the
universal opinion which pervades the whole North
and West. They never can give their assent to it.
It is regarded by all parties as involving a prin-
ciple which rises far above the fleeting interests
of the day—a principle which they should not be
asked to yield; for by yielding it, they would con-
sider themselves instrumental"to the extension of
what they believe to be wrong, and what, in their
opinion, nothing but necessity can justify.
