544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
force of twelve, thousand men, which was hover-
ing about our little army with the avowed determi-
nation to exterminate them. Under these circum-
stances, the President of the United States asked
for men and money—not for the prosecution of a
war of invasion into the heart of Mexico—not for
the avowed purpose of taking possession of her
" towns—still less, as he was reminded by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] to dismember
the Mexican republic, seizing a province here and
another there, and holding them by right of con-
quest, that they may serve as security and indem-
nity for the almost boundless expense of this war.
He at that time voted for that bill, as he under-
stood every Senator on this side of the Chamber
did, except two—not with a view to make war on
Mexico, but for the rescue of our little army from
its perilous position. The Senator from Delaware
had this day reminded him of that vote, and, by
implication, reproached him wiih apparent incon-
sistency.
Mr. CLAYTON. Not at all. The Senator
has perfectly justified his vote.
Mr. CORWlN. Well, then, the Senator from
Delaware had taken it unkind in him, that—to
quote that Senator's own'eloquent language—he
had hung his harp upon the willow that day when
his own and the harp of his friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] were strung to such
mellifluous tones. Mr. C. remembered well that |
he was silent on that occasion, and he should have 1
been silent up to this hour, if it had not been that
he was now placed in a different position, and he
was anxious to vindicate that position. Why
should he have spoken ? Delighted, as he was
then and on all occasions, to listen to the harpings
of his friends from Delaware and Kentucky, he
knew his own music would have fallen on deaf
ears. Those Senators had waked up tones of
deep supplication, and what followed ? Why, af-
ter they had strung their harps to notes of wo,
they sat clown to weep. Mr. C. had not thought
it necessary to tune his harp on that day, and he
did not now regret it. He, however, voted to give
men and money for the purposes he had expressed,
and what were they now told by the Executive
message? That when the demand was made on
Congvess for these supplies, it was for the purpose
of making a systematic invasion of Mexico, to
dismember her territory, and holding it by force
until she would accept such terms as it pleases her
conqueror to prescribe. But those terms were not
made known to him. They were not advised
what they will be, and the Mexicans were to be
left altogether to Executive mcrcy. Under these
circumstances, lie thought an extreme ense was
presented—a case which he found Senators on
his side of the Chamber willing to say may arise,
which might justify them in withholding the sup-
plies. He had acted upon his convictions of duty
in the case as «it was presented to him, but it never
entered into his heart or his head, to cast censure
on those honorable Senators who differed from
him. It was a long time, and after painful re-
flection, that he brought himself to consent to give
a vote different from the vote of those respected
Senators around him, to whom he looked as his
instructors and guides. He had risen merely to
set himself right, and having done so, he should
resume his seat.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON appreciated the motives
of his honorable friend from Ohio, and doubted
not that Senator had acted for the best interests of
the country; far be it from him, then, to chidc that
honorable Senator for pursuing the course he had
chosen to adopt.
Mr. Ii. JOHNSON desired to make one or two
remarks on the amendment of the distinguished
gentleman from Georgia, [iVtr. Berrien,] in rela-
tion to the acquisition of a portion of Mexican ter-
ritory. At the last session of Congress, he voted
for the bill appropriating two millions of dollars
to enable the President of the United States to ne-
gotiate a treaty of peace, limits, and boundaries
with the republic of Mexico. He voted for that
bill under the impression that it would enable us
to acquire San Francisco and Monterey, two ports
on the Pacific, and a sufficient portion of territory
to give the citizens of the United States free in-
tercourse with such ports—territory that might be
fairly acquired to the satisfaction of the Mexican
Government. He was now prepared to vote for a
similar bill, and his intention was, as soon as the
amendment now before the Senate was disposed of
-—it not being in order before—to offer the bill in-
troduced at the last session, for which he then
voted, as a substitute for the bill now pending.
He should offer it in the precise terms of the bill
of the last session, and he hoped the Senate would
adopt it. At the last session, the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Berrien] voted against the bill to
which he had alluded, and, therefore, that Senator
was perfectly consistent in supporting the amend-
ment which he had now offered. He honored the
Senator from Georgia for the motives which in-
duced him to offer'his amendment, but he disa-
greed with that Senator as to the extent to which
he had carricd it, while at the same time he was
opposed to any measure which would contemplate
the dismemberment of Mexico.
Mr. J. was in favor of acquiring the ports he
had mentioned, and a portion of the country there
which would give the people of the United States
free access to them. In his opinion, a sufficient ex-
tent of territory could be acquired by treaty, which
would be satisfactory to both Governments. He
was of opinion such a treaty could be negotiated
without involving the dangerous question of sla-
very, which had been alluded to; and under these
impressions he could not vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] as
such a vote might be inconsistent with the amend-
ment he should offer as soon as he had the oppor-
tunity.
Tn regard to the bill under consideration, he ob-
served that it was a very different bill, though it
was doubtless intended to 'accomplish the same
object. It was, in its present form, subject to ob-
jections which would induce some Senators to vote
against it. He was not prepared to say that he
should vote against it, but he greatly preferred to
vote for the bill of the last session.
While he was up, although he had not risen to
enter into the different topics which had been
brought into this debate, he would state that he
was opposed to the withdrawal of the troops to
the eastern side of the Rio Grande, and to the sur-
render of a foot of territory already acquired, un-
til Mexico makes compensation to our citizens for
the claims they have against her. Until a treaty
shall be made and ratified, he was in favor of a
vigorous prosecution of the war. He had voted
for all proper measures introduced here for sup-
plying all the men and money required by the
Government to carry on the war with vigor; and
he should continue to do so, until the war can be
satisfactorily terminated.
He repeated that he should vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia; and as
soon as that was disposed of, he should offer the
amendment to which he had directed the attention
of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER said he understood distinctly the
purport of the remarks of the Senator from 'New
York, [Mr. Dix.] They were designed to pre-
pare the way for what was to come. The Senator
from New York had pronounced the prologue to
the Wilmot proviso. Mr. B. did not know
whether the Senator from New York was to offer
the proviso; but, if not, he was privy to the fact
that it would be introduced.
Never since he had had a seat here, and he had
been here but a short time, only two months—and
he had heard much and read various newspapers—
but he had never on any occasion heard or read a
more invidious proscription of the South than he
had now heard from the honorable Senator from
New York. Yes, that Senator told them that the
old and free States have a monopoly of good faith,
religion, and education, under the influence of free
labor. And why were such remarks made here?
Mr. DIX explained. He was understood to
say that in speaking of free labor and the traces it
left, he spoke of free labor as well at the South as
at the North.
Mr. BUTLER said, he recogniscd no such dis-
tinction. It was a distinction without a difference.
They had no free labor at the South; and yet he
saw no superiority of the North over the South.
He doubted very much if the North was not in-
debted to southern labor. Yes, southern labor—
they might call it slave labor, if they chose. He
looked upon the-proposition which the speech of
the Senator from New York prefigured as partial,
and he could not submit to it.
The South did not come into the Confederacy
on such terms, nor could he submit to the Govern-
ment being administered by one portion of the
Union for its exclusive advantage He could not
sit here and listen to such arguments without-pro-
testing against them. The South asked no favors
from the North. If territory was to be acauired,
and the North had been in a position to appropriate
the whole of it, they would not have heard a word
from the South. He did not Jcnow now,"that if
territory should be acquired, there would ever
be a slave in it; but yet the South would not
submit to insulting declarations. To this he
never would submit, and yet before God he said
he was willing to preserve this Union on any
terms except dishonor. If this territory was to be
acquired, and it should be cultivated by the free
labor of the North—and that, he behevea, was the
natural tendency of things—he did not suppose
the southern portion of this Confederacy would
have said one word on the subject; hut they were
told that territory to be acquired now, whether
by conquest, or cession, or in any other way,
was to be—whose? Was it to be the property of
those who had advertised them they intended to
appropriate it exclusively to themselves—who in-
tended to have all the spoils? Was it come to this?
How was territory acquired? Had not they from
the South sent their sons to shed their blood for its
acquisition ? Had they not poured out their treas-
ures, and was it to be an acquisition for a portion
of the country alone ? Had it come to this? Did
it belong to any one section over another? How
came one section to possess the right to it under a
common trust? Each section of the country had
contributed equally its blood and treasure, and how
then did it belong to a portion ? If territory should
be acquired, it would be a common domain belong-
ing to the union of sovereignties, to be held for
the common benefit; and if it should so happen
that the people from the northern section of this
Union should go there and tfecupy it, the South
would not say a word. But the South would not
submit to have these insulting propositions insert-
ed in their legislation in advance. He came here to
carry out the Constitution in good faith towards
all portions of the Union; but when he heard the
taunt, that that portion of the country which he
represented should contribute with the rest, but
should enjoy nothing at all, he lost all patience.
He would not attempt to eulogize the South, but,
before God, he would warn gentlemen, if she was
to be regarded and treated with inequality, they
would tear up the instrument to which they had
subscribed in good faith. He hoped the threatened
calamity would be averted. He wanted to preserve
this Union; but if the crisis was to be brought on,
the South was ready to meet it.
Mr. COLQUITT trusted that the patriotism of
the entire country was sufficient to crush any sec-
tional or political attempt to sever this Union. If
this fearful crisis should arrive, he had confidence
even in the patriotism of the great empire State of
New York to prevent a combination of politicians
becoming strong enough to sever this Union. He
would say as a southern man, " Let it come;" but
still he had an abiding confidence in the patriotism
of the people of this Union that the crisis would
be averted. He felt his blood curdle in his veins
at the prospect of such threatened horrors. And
why, why should the subject be here introduced?
The old thirteen States*have been bound together
by the Constitution, and why should this agitating
question be here introduced? It was politicians
who charged upon the South a desire to acquire
more slave territory; but who, he asked, had
said it? They took the ground that any terri-
tory to be acquired might be slave territory or
free, and that the Federal Government had no
right to pass any laws to impose conditions of that
nature. That was the ground they occupied. The
South neither claimed that it should be slave ter-
j ritory nor refused their sanction to its being free.
I They claimed that it should be left to the people
j who shall occupy it. If the Federal Government
j should make such a declaration as this, the people
! of the States to be formed out of the territory to
I be acquired could get together and change it at
their pleasure. They had the right to expect
that the North would not enforce on the South
such a restriction. The South loves this Union; and,
as he had remarked before, if a blow was to come
it would not come from the South. Every section
of this Union should be prepared to frown "it down.
If, however, propositions of a mischievous char-
acter were brought in here, the South would insist
on her rights.
