THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1847.
New Series No. 35.
Mr. C. deprecated the commencement of civil
strife in the Senate Chamber, and expressed the
hope that every thing would be offered up by all
sections of this Union on the common altar of their
countiy. The South was prepared to sacrifice
everything but honor. He hoped the question
would be postponed, at least for a season. He
thought after the campaign of 1848 there would be
less strife of this sort. But he repeated, that if they
must act on these exciting subjects, he was much
mistaken if the patriotism of the country would
not be sufficient to preserve the Union and main-
tain the honor of the South.
Mr. DAYTON rose,and,after some preliminary
remarks, said he held in his hand the resolutions of
the State of New Jersey, which, in their character,
were similar to those presented from the State of
New York, and some five or six other States. The
resolutions of New Jersey asked that they would
use their best endeavors to have incorporated, m
any measure for the acquisition of foreign territory,
this anti-slavery restriction. And he contended
that Congress had the right; and, in the second
place, he contended that this was the proper time
that Congress should declare that it would exercise
that right to make such a restriction. Over any
such territory Congress had exclusive jurisdiction;
and therefore to contend that a sovereign State
could abolish slavery within her jurisdiction, and
that the General Government had no such power
over her territory, was to suppose ttiat she had
some inexplicable hiatus in her authority—a posi-
tion which could not be sustained by either reason
or precedent, or the history of nations.
As a Government supreme and absolute, she had
necessarily over her citizens and territory all the
power that was naturally incident to Governments,
tie held, therefore, that this power to restrict sla-
very was an incident to her sovereignty. But
beyond this, the Constitution gave to the General j
Government power to make all needful rules and !
regulations, and hence this power to restrict slave-
ry was not only an incident of government, but
was possessed by express grant. And how was
this controverted ? ft was contended that such a
restriction was in opposition to the spirit ot the
Constitution—that it was in opposition to that
equality of the States of this Union which existed
amongst them; and they were told that any law
operating on the South, which would prevent their
citizens emigrating there with their property, was
unjust towards the South. Now, this struck him
as a matter of some curiosity. In the State of
New Jersey, a one-dollar bill was good property.
It would buy a dollar's worth, and a thousand
would do the same. They passed current in all
business transactions. But it so happened that in
Missouri they recognised no such property. There
the dollar bill was good for nothing—nay, pains
and penalties were attached to its passage. Well,
suppose in new territory to be acquired by the Fed-
eral Government a discrimination was made either
in favor of the law of New Jersey or of Missouri:
m that respect, it was a discrimination against the
other. It might be said that gold and silver were
the constitutional currency; it was nevertheless an
adoption of the hws of one State and a rejection
of those of the other which they were told was un-
constitutional. But again, it was well known that
New Jersey held all gambling establishments in
abhorrence', and they were interdicted to her citi-
zens; but m other States they were not only not
interdicted, but were made the source of revenue
by licenses for gaming. There, their citizens in-
vested considerable property m thai busmes. But
it might so happen that Congress would think that
no such property should be used in new territory
to be acquired, and as a consequence, the property
which was valuable in one State would be valueless
in that territory. Ita citizens could not remove
therewith their property, or if they did, they must
dispose of that peculiar species of property. And
was this-constitutional? If the principle advanced
here in relation to slaves were trite, it would be true;
in relation to ail other classes'of property. This il-
lustration could be carriedout to ail kinds of prop-
etty which might be* tolerated in one1 State and-
interdicted in another; and of that it might be said
with as much truth as gentlemen from the South
said it was of their peculiar property that was here
proposed to be interdicted, that th6 discrimination
\Vas rtnconstitutioftal. Then, again, certain things
were allowed in Massachusetts, which were denied
in South Carolina; and in new territory Congress
could adopt the Massachusetts rule and repudiate
that of South Carolina: and would this justify
gentlemen in tCirning round and saying, that it was
a discrimination against South Carolina, and there-
fore was unconstitutional ? But the gentleman
from Sonth Ca'rolina attempted to strengthen his
argument by a reference to the Constitution as
applied to new States. He says that all that is
required is, that the constitution of a new State
shall be a republican constitution. That undoubt-
edly was true; but could they not require other
conditions? There was the question of boundary,
and others, which they might fix; and from the
foundation of the Government restrictions had
been placed upon her States; but was it true that
such restrictions were unconstitutional ? They
had made provisions on the admission of some
new States, limiting their power to tax the lands
of the United States for a certain period of time;
and was that unconstitutional? He repeated, that
from the foundation of the Government, they had
attached''restrictions on the exercise of Sovereign
power; and he contended that the prescribed con-
stitutional restriction had reference only to an
equality springing from a general system of polit-
ical rights.
Mr. D. cited many instances which had occurred
in the-history of the Government, to sustain the
position he assumed. He referred to the ordi-
nance by virtue of which the Northwestern Terri-
tory was forever made free from slavery; and nko
to the Missouri question, jixnig a compromise
line.
Mr. BUTLER inquired if the gentleman from
New Jersey would abide by the Missouri compro-
mise r
Mr. D. said lie was speaking of the constitu-
tional power of the Government. It was not a
question of compromise. They could not compro-
mise the Constitution.
Mr. D. then proceeded to quote the language of
Mr. Lowndes, of South Carolina, in favor of the
power of the Government to fix the anti-slavery
restriction, and then proceeded to say that the free
States had no disposition to interfere with slavery
where it now is, but only in reference to where it
is not—where they did not desire to see it intro-
duced. They asked that this Union should not be
charged with the means to conquer new teiritory,
now consecrated to freedom, for the purpose of
subjecting it to slavery, which they held to be an
evil, both socially and politically; though there
were some from other sections of the Union who
seemed to consider it a kind of God's blessing.
Mr. D. proceeded to show that Mr. Madison,
Mr. Jefferson, and other fathers of the republic,
held slavery m abhorrence, and he pointed out the
fact that the word "slave" was not found in the
Constitution, fie also contended that the North
was not encroaching on the rights of the South.
They were acting in no aggressive spirit towards the
South, but as they desired territory to be acquired
which was free from slavery to remain so, they
wished the question to be settled now, that they all
might know how to regulate their conduct. _ He
said, in conclusion, he was opposed to this hill m
ail its asnects; but if it were'to pass, he wished
this proviso to be attached to it, that it might con-
form to the legislation of the State which he in part
represented.
Mr. WESTCOTT followed, in defencc of the
South, in a speech of some length, which will ap-
pear m the Appendix.
Mr. HOUSTON rose, and said that the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Peakcf,,] in the couise of
: his remarks, had used language to which he wish-
ed to call the-attention of that Senator and of the
Senate. After discussing the various propositions
before the Senate, the Senator from Maryland
1 s&id: "1 want no more annexation. I want rio
more partnership with the otitside' barbarians."
[Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE interposed to explain, tf (lie Sen-
ator from Texas would allow him to say a word?
he would assure that Senator he had too much
respect for the dignity and the proprieties of th'Q
Senate, and he might say he had too much good
feeling for the Senator from Texas personally, to'
make use of any terms so offensive to him or to his
State. He recognised the State of Texas as one1
of the States of this Union. The Senator from'
Texas was the equal of any of them on that ftaor,
and was entitled, at Mr. P.'s hands, to those'
courtesies which would forbid him making such'
remarks either of him or of those whom he repre-
sented.
Mr. P. believed he had said he wanted no more
annexation. That was true. He believed he said*
he wanted no partnership with outside barbarians.
That was true, too. He considered the Mexican
people to be so, for they were a mixed, mongrel
race; and he wanted no partnership with them.
But God forbid that he should charge the Senator
from Texas or those whom he represented as being
"barbarians," or that he should compare them
with ^he mongrel breed that it was sought to intro-
duce amongst us.
Mr. HOUSTON was very happy to hear the'
explanation of the Senator from Maryland. He'
thought that Senator's remarks were entirely inap-
plicable to Texas. [Laughter.] He, however,
knew not how those remarks would operate on the
world, and therefore he intended that the "bane
and antidote" should go together. But as the
Senator had made his explanation, he (Mr. S.)
had nothing further to say.
Mr. SEVIER now entreated Senators to let the
vote be taken. It was ten o'clock, and he hoped
gentlemen would have some mercy en their col-
leagues.
Mr. CASS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia, and!
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted thus:
YEAS—Me—rs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Cilky, Thomas
Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corvvin, Cmfenden, iiavjs, -Pey-
ton, Evans, Gieenp, Huntington, Jarnagin, Jolmp'on of Mary-
land, Man gum, Miller, Moieiiead, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons',"
Upham, Webster, and YVoodbridge—24
NAYrf—Mt hsrs. Alton, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton. Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, ftughr. Butler, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers,
Colquitt, Dickinson, Da', Fairfield, Uannegan, Houston','
Johnson o) Louisiana, Lewi-., Ma-on, Niles, IUis.t, Sevier,-
Sould, Stuigoon, Tumcy, Wcstcott, and Yulec—29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
While the vote was being taken,
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose and said he should
vote for the amendment,because it did not preclude
the Government of the United States from obtain-
■ ing, for a fair equivalent, a portion of the territory,
; winch might be necessary; but it did make known,
' that it was not our intention to prosecute a war of*
conquest against Mexico.
Mr. BUTLER said he should vote against it,
because he thought it was inexpedient to incorpo-
rate in our acts what we mean to do in one way or
the other.
Mr. H. JOHNSON then submitted the amend-
jj ment he had previously indicated. , (
li Mr. SEVIER said he perceived there was a blank
j! in the amendment, which he suggested to the gen-
ii tleman from Louisiana to fill with $8,000,000.
;; Mr. H. JOHNSON assented. , _
'! Mr. SSVIER remarked that he had expressed
, ■ a willingness whilst this subject was before the Sen*
ate some davs ago to ta.ke the substitute now offer-
ji ed by the benaior from Louisiana; for they were
ii both" substantially the same. He was quite willing."
! to accept the amendment.
Mr. UPHAM rose and inquired whether, if the
i substitute proposed by the Senator from Louisiana.
were adopted, it would be in order to move an
'j amendment? [A Senator remarked, "\ou can
i} offer one now."]
i i The PRESIDING OFFICER informed the gen-'
tleman from Vermont that he might now offer any
, amendment he desired to the amendmerit of
l' Senator from Louisiana.
