546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. SEVIER said there would be no objection
to the gentleman\s offering his" amendment either
before or after the adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana. •
- The PRESIDING OFFICER inquired if the
yeas and nays were called on the substitute of the
Senator from Louisiana ?
Mr. BERRIEN said they would not be neces-
sary, as every one would aclmit the superiority of
the substitute.
Mr. EVANS then moved to amend the preamble
by inserting a clausc that all questions in dispute
between the two nations should be settled on the
most liberal terms, including the question of
boundary. ♦
Mr. SEVIER objected to the amendment, on
the ground that preambles were the last to be acted
upon. Hp raised that point of order.
Mr. HUNTINGTON recalled to the recollec-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas the course of,
proceeding on the war bill of the last session, the ;
preamble of which he had moved to amend before j
the vote was taken on the bill.
Mr. CHALMERS called for the reading of the !
amendment, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. SEVIER called the attention of the Senate
to the parliamentary law which provides that—
4 4 To this natural order of beginning at the be-
' ginning, there is a single exception found in par-
* fiamentary usage. When a bill is taken up in
' committee, or on its second reading, they post-
4 pone the preamble till the other parts of the bill
* are gone through. The reason is, that, on con-
* sideiation of the body of the bill, such alterations
1 may therein be made as may also occasion the
'alteration of the preamble."
Mr. EVANS said it was entirely immaterial to j
him when the amendment was made. If the pre-
siding officer would tell him what the proper time
was, he would then offer it.
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his objection.
Mr. EVANS said it would be seen that the pre-
amble was a recital. It recited that an assurance
had been given to them, which was not correctly
stated, and he desired to correct the recital.
A briefconversation ensued,in which Mr. CRIT-
TENDEN, Mr. SIMMONS, Mr. EVANS, and
Mr. SEVIER, took part.
The amendment was then rejected, 23 voting in
the affirmative, and 30 in the negative.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson.
Mr. UPH AM then rose and proposed an amend-
ment, to come in as a second section, as follows:
"Sec. 2. Awl be it further enacted, That there shall be
neither sluveiynor involuntary servitude in any termory
winch shall hereafter be aequned or he anuevorl to the
United State*, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted : Pro-
vided ctl-vays, That any person escaping into the panic, fiom
whom labor or service is lawfully claimed in any one of the
United States, sueh fugitive may be lawtully reclaimed and
conveyed out of said territory to the person claiming his or
her laboi oi service."
Mr. UPHAM sustained his amendment in sub-
stance as follows:
It will be recollected, Mr President, that, some
weeks ago, I had the honor of presenting to the
Senate a series of resolutions, passed by the Le-
gislature of Vermont, upon the subject of slavery
and the Mexican war. They are' in the words
following:
" Wherea*, in our judgment, the existing war with Mexico
wa  not founded ui any imperative necessity, such a1? may
justify or evciwe a Chiistian nation for resorting to arms,
and has now manifestly become an offensive war a«am«t a
neighboring republic; and whereas we have just grounds
for anticipating that the imitory winch has been or may be
occupied or conquered, will become «lave territory, and as
Hiich, claim admission to the Union; and whereas its'ad-
minion as such, and with a mixed population, degraded by
ignorance and superstition, and allied to us neither in inter-
est--, eharactei, nor language, will endanger the harmony
welfare, and perpetuity of the Union: Therefore,
" Be tt resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives
That the honor and best mterehts of the nation win be sub-
so ved by a speedy end of the war with Mexico, and a
settlement of all matters m dispute by arbitration or nego-
tiation.
" Resolved, That Vermont will not give its countenance
aid, or assent, to the adrmsMon into the Federal Union of any
new State whose constitution toleiates slaveiy; and does
hereby appeal to each of her sister States to concur in its
own name, in this declaration.
" Resolved, Tnat the Senators and Representatives in
Congress from Vermont will confonn to the he.iity wishes
of their constituents, by earnestly supporting the pimeiples
set forth in the foregoing preamble and t evolutions, and in
usinsj all other lust, effectual, and constitutional means to
avert the tremendous evils of slavery, and resist its encroach-
ments upon the rights and interests of the non-s!aveholding
States.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to forward a copy of these resolutions to the Governor of
each State in the Union and to oui Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress, under the seal of the State, and with Ins
signature of approval.
t( Approved, November 3,1846.
"HORACE BATON, [l. s.j"
These resolutions, sir, express the views of the
people of Vermont upon the subject of slavery and
the existing war with Mexico: and for the purpose
of guarding against the dangers apprehended by
them, if Mexican territory should be acquired by
the United States, I have deemed it my duty to
move thrs amendment in the form of a second sec-
tion to the bill. Vermont, sir, does not stand
alone in her opposition to the acquisition of foreign
territory to be created into slave States, and, as
such, admitted into the Union. No, sir; seven
other sovereign States have spoken out upon the
subject, and announced their determination to op-
pose the further increase of slave States. These
proceedings of the sovereign States have been de-
nounced with great vehemence by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] as
aggressive upon southern rights—and, anticipating
an amendment of the character I have introduced,
he denounced it as unconstitutional, unjust, and
insulting to the South! Sir, wherein are these
resolutions aggressive upon southern rights? Do
they propose to interfere with slavery in the States ?
No, sir, not at oil. They make no allusion to the
domestic institutions of the South. They refer to
a foreign country where slavery does not exist,
and insist that if it shall be acquired by the United
States, it shall remain aa it now is, free. But, sir,
the amendment I have introduced has been de-
nounced as unconstitutional, unjust, and insulting
to the South. Sir, with what clause in the Con-
stitution does this amendment come in conflict?
The power "to dispose of and make all needful
' rules and regulations respecting the territory or
' other property belonging to the United States" is
expressly conferred upon Congress.
But the honorable Senator from South Carolina
says this amendment, if adopted, will exclude
the people of the slaveholding States from the
country, because they cannot take their slaves
with them—and therefore it is unconstitutional.
Sir, this amendment does not exclude a slaveholder
or his slaves from the country. He has full liberty
to go there with his slaves, but they will cease to
be property, and become men. They will stand up
in the image of their Maker, clothed with all the
rights that belong to manhood. But, sir, this is
not a new question: in the act of Congress pro-
viding for the admission of Missouri into the Union,
there is an express clause, " thatin all the territory
4 ceded by Fiance to the United States under the
' name of Louisiana, which lies noith of 36° 30'
* north latitude, not included within the limits of the
i State of Missouri, slavery and involuntary servi-
i tude, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes
c whereof the parties shall have been duly convicted,
' shall be and is hereby forever prohibited."
The question whether Congress possessed a con-
stitutional authority to impose such a lestriction,
upon the ground that the prescribing of such a
condition is inconsistent with the sovereignty of
the State to be admitted,-and its equality with the
other States, was largely discussed, and the result
of the vote established the authority of Congress
to impose such a restriction. An objection, of a
similar character, says Judge Story, was taken to
the compact between Virginia and Kentucky, upon
the gi ound that it was a restriction upon State sov-
ereignty. But the Supreme Court had no hesita-
tion in overruling it, considering it as opposed by
the theory of all fiee governments, and especially of
those which constitute the American republics.
Sir, it is too late, after the solemn decision of
Congress and the Supreme Court upon this ques-
tion, to dispute the authority of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in any or all the territories belonging
to the United States. But this amendment, the
honorable Senator says, is an insult to the South!
Sir, I cannot conceive how it can be so regarded.
An insult to the South ! Why, sir, such a thought
never entered my head. I regard the States of
this Union as members of one family, and subject
to one common destiny. One member of the fam-
ily cannot receive an injury or an insult without
inflicting pain upon the other members of the fam-
ily, Slavery, sir, is repugnant to the feelings of
the people in the fiee States. They regard it as a
great evil, and feel themselves under the highest
obligations, as Christians, as philanthropists, and
as statesmen, to oppose its extension. This, sure-
ly, can give no offence to the South.
But how was slavery regarded, sir, by the states-
men of the South in 1776? What said the Decla-
ration of Independence upon the subject when first
reported to the Continental Congress? Why, sir,
among the charges of cruelty, injustice, and op-
pression on the part of the King of Great Britain,
is the following:
"He has waged cruel war against human nature itself;
violating its most sacied rignts oflile and libeity- in the. per-
vons of a distant people viflso never offended hmi; captiva-
ting and can>u g them into .shivery in anothei hemi^plic re,
or to incur miseiable death in their transportation hither.
This piratical warfare, the oppiobnum of infidel Powers,
is the warfare of the Christian King ot Great Britain. De-
tetmiried to keep open a market where men should be
bought and sold, he Im? prostituted Ins negative for snppiess-
mq evpty legislative attempt to piohibit or restrain tins exe-
crable commerce. And that this assemblage ot horrors might
want no fact of distinguished die, he is now exciting those
very people to use in arm3 among u*, and to purchase that
liberty of which he has dcpnved them, by nnudeiing the
people on whom he also obtruded them: thus paying o/f
former ciimcs committed against the liberties ot one people
with cumes which he urges them to commit against the
lives of another."
This, sir, is the language of Thomas Jeffeison,
the great apostle of democracy, but the uncom-
promising opponent of slavery. He commenced
the Declaration of Independence with the self-evi-
dent truth, " that all men are created equal; that
4 they are endowed by their Creator with certain
4 inalienable rights; that among these are life, lib-
' erty, and the pursuit of happiness.Here, sir,
you see in characters of "living; light" the great
basis of universal liberty upon which the Govern-
ment is founded.
But again: in 1781 and 1789 Mr. Jefferson wrote
his Notes on Virginia. Hear what he then said
on the subject of slavery:
"Under the mild treatment our slaves experience, and
their wholesome though coai?e food, this blot m our country
increases as fast or fastei than the whites Dining the regai
government, we had at one time obtained a law which im-
posed f-uch a duty on the lrnpoitation of slaves as amounted
nearly to a prohibition, when one inconsiderate assembly,
placed under a pecuhanty of cncum^tances, lepeafed the
law. This lepeal met a joyful sanction from the then sov-
ereign; and no devices—no expedients which could ever
after be attempted by subsequent assemblies—and they sel-
dom met without attempting them—could succeed in gutting
the royal assent to a renewal of the duty. In the very first
session held under the Republican Government, the ass-em-
bl> parsed a law for the peipetual prohibition of the impoz ta-
lion of slaves. Thiswiil in some measure stop the increase
of this great political and moral evil,while the minds of our
citizens may be ripening lor a complete emancipation of hu-
man nature. For if a slave can have a country m this woild,
it must be anv other in prefeience to that in which he is born
to live and labor for another; m which he must lock up the
faculties of his nature; contribute, as far a5* depends on his
individual endeavors, to the evanuhment of the human race,
or entail his own numerable condition on the endless gener-
ations proceeding from him. With the morals ot the people,
their mdustiy also is destroyed. For hi a warmer climate,
no man will labor for himself who can make another labor
for him. This is so hue, that of the proprietors ot slaves a
very small proportion, indeed, are ever seen to labor. And
can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have
removed their only firm ba<-is, a conviction in the minds ot*
the people 'hat these libeitie* are of the gift of God? That
they aie not to be violated but with his wrath?
"Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that
God is just; thathis justicecannotsleep forever; that,con-
sidering numbers, nature, and natural means only, a revolu-
tion of the wheels of foitunc, an exchange of situations, w
among possible events; that it may become piobable by <u-
pernatuiai interference. The Almighty has no attribute
which can take sides with us m such a contest. But it is
impossible to be temperate, and to pursue this subject through
the vaiious consideiations of policy, of morals, of history,
natuial and civil. We must be contented to hope thev will
force their way into everyone's mind. I think a change
alreadv perceptible since the orisin of the present revolution.
The spirit of the master is abating; that of the slave using
from the dust; his condition mollifying the way. I hope pie-
paring, under the au?pices of Heaven, foi a total emancipa-
tion, and that this is disposed in the order of events to he
with the consent of the master, rather than by their extir-
pation."
Again, Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to Governor
Coles, of Indiana, speaking of slavery, said:
"The hour of emancipation will come; but whether it
shall be brought about by the generous energy of our own
minds, or by the bloody process ot St. Domingo, is a leaf in
our history not yet turned over."
I will here, sir, leave Mr. Jefferson and his Notes
oh Virginia, and turn to the proceedings of the Con-
gress of the Confederation m 1784. On the 9th of
April, 1784, Congress took into consideration the
report of a committee consisting of Mr. Jefferson,
Mr. Chase of Maryland, and Mr. Howell of Rhode
Island, to whom was recommitted their report of
