1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
a plan for a temporary government of the western
territory. The plan reported contained a clause
prohibiting slavery in the territory after the year
1800. Here is the clause, and the vote upon it:
Congress of the Confederation,
«April 19,1784.
" That after the year 1800 of the Christian era, there shall
be neither slavery noi involuntary servitude in any of the
said States, otherwise than in the punishment of ciimes,
whereof the party shall have been convicted to have been
personally guilty." And on the question, Shall the words
moved to be stiuck out stand? The yeas and nays being re-
quired by Mr. Howell:
New Hampshire j«r; ay- j Ay.
Massachusetts j j Ay.
K^els.and | Ay.
Connecticut  !"r- Ay.
( Mr. Wadsworth, ay, ) J
Now York < Mr. Do Witt, ay. '
I IVlr. Paine, ay. ^3-
New Jersey j Mr. Dick, ay. | *
( Mt. MilTlni, av. )
Pennsylvania < Mr. Montgomery, ay. \ Aj
( Mr. Hand, ay. ^
Maryland j {fti So™*™' |N°-
i Mr. Jetfeison. ay. (
Virginia < Mr. Hardy, no. / No.
( Mr. Mercer, no. f
N«U, Carina {  }[. ^ \° -
South Carolina j
" So the question was lost, and the woids weie stricken
out."
It required the vote of seven States to carry a
proposition in the affirmative, so the words were
stricken out. It will be perceived, sir, by looking
at the vote, that seven States voted ay, but there is
an asterisk put down to the State of New Jersey,
and the ay of Mr. Dick, it appears, was not count-
ed. I do not know for what reason it was rejected,
but, probably, because the whole delegation from
the State was not present. Only three States voted
to reject the article—Maryland, South Carolina,
and Virginia. Mr. Jefferson voted to retain it, but
Mr. Hardy and Mr. Mercer voted to reject it.
North Carolina was divided, and her vote was lost.
So the vote stands six States for retaining the ar-
ticle, and three for rejecting it. I have introduced
these proceedings, sir, for the purpose of showing,
thatimmediately after the peace of 1783, the people
regarded slavery as a great evil, and desired to pro-
hibit it in all the territories belonging to the Con-
federation.
But to proceed: In 1787, the attention of the
Congress of the Confederation was again directed
to the subject of slavery in the Northwest Terri-
tory, and an ordinance for the government of the
territory, prohibiting slavery, was reported by a
committee, consisting of Mr. Carrington of Vir-
ginia, Mr. Dane of Massachusetts, Mr. R. R. Lee
of Virginia, Mr. McKean of South Carolina, and
Mr. Smith of New York. Here, sir, is the article
prohibiting slavery, and the vote upon it:
"In Congress ok the Confeberation,
  Uth July, 1787.
"According to order, the ordinance for the government
of the territory of the United States, northwest "of the river
Ohio, was read a third time, and passed, as follows :
****■  * * *
"Art. 6. There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in the said territory, otherwise than in the punish-
ment ot cnme* whereof the party *hall have been duly con-
victed : Provided, always, That any person escaping into tiie
taine, from whom labor or service is lawfully claimed in any
one of the United States, such fugitive may* he lawfully re-
claimed, and conveyed to the person claiming Ins or her
labor or service as aforesaid.
"Bv ii ordained Injthe authority aforesaid, That the resolu-
tions of the 23d of April. 178i, relative to the subject of tins
ordinance, be, and the same are hereby, repealed and de-
clared null and void. Done, &c.
" On panning the above ordinance, the yeas and nays
being required by Mr. Yates:
™,use«s W-
( Mr. Smith, ay. ^
New York < Mr. Flaring, ay. > Ay.
( Mr. Yates, no. )
New Jersey j j Ay.
 ]*■
{ Mr. Grayson, ay. )
Virginia < Mr. R. H. Lee, ay. [ Ay.
( Mr. Carrington, ay. ;
North Carolina 1 mSjfay. | ^
South Carolina j Mr. Keau, ay^ j Ay>
Gemgia | Mr P.erce^ay. \ ^
" Se it wa3 resolved in the affirmative."
Every State present voted to retain the articlc.
There was but one vote against it, and that was
from the State of New York. This ordinance re-
pealed the ordinance of 1784, and forever prohibit-
ed slavery in all the territories then belonging to
the Confederacy. The slave States, at that time,
had no desire to see slavery established in any part
of the country where it did not then exist. Uni-
versal emancipation was the wish and the prayer
of the ablest and the wisest statesmen of the Con-
federacy.
Hear the Father of his Country upon the sub-
ject. General Washington, in his letter to Robert
Morris, speaking of slavery, says: .
"I can only say, that there is not a man living who wishes
more sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted foi the aboli-
| tmn of it, fslavery,] but there isonlvone pjoprr and effectual
mode by which it can be accomplished, and that is. by the
! legislative autiionty; and this, as far as iny suffiage will go,
I '•hall not be wanting."
• Sir, the subject of slavery was an exciting topic
| in the Federal Convention of 1787. After the con-
; vention had settled the scheme of making numbers
! the basis of representation of the Union, a difficulty
i of a very serious nature arose. The controversy
! was in regard to skives: Whether they should be
included in the enumeration or not. On the one
hand, it was contended, says Judge Story in his
Commentaries on the Constitution, that slaves were
treated, in the States which tolerated slavery, as
property, and not as persons. They were bought
and sold, devised and transferred, like any other
property. They had no civil rights or political
privileges. They had no will of their own; but
were bound to absolute obedience to their masters.
There was, then, no more reason for including them
in the census of persons, than there would be for
including any brute animals whatever. If they
were to be represented as property, the rule should
be extended so as to embrace all other property.
It would be a gross inequality to allow representa-
tion for slaves to the southern States: for that, in
effect, would be to allow to their masteis a pie-
dominant right, founded on mere property. Thus,
five thousand free persons, in a slave State, might
possess the same power to choose a Representative
as thirty thousand free persons in a non-slavehold-
ing State. On the other hand, it was contended,
says the same authority, that slaves are deemed
persons as well as properly. They partake of the
! qualities of both. In being compelled to labor, not
for himself, but for his master; in being vendible
by one master to another; and in being subject, at
all times, to be restrained in his liberty and chas-
tised in his body by the will of another, the slave
may appear to be degraded from the human rank,
and classed with the irrational animals. But, in
being protected in his life and limbs against the
violence of others—even of the master of his labor
and liberty; and in being punishable himself for
all violence committed against others—the slave is
| no less evidently regarded by law as a member of
; the society, and not as a part of the irrational crea 
| tion; as a moral person, and not as a mere article
| of property. The Federal Constitution should,
i therefore, view them in the mixed character of per-
i sons and property, which is, in fact, their true char-
i acter. This reasoning, sir, is, to my mind, quite
i inconclusive. But if it is well-founded, it applies
1 to all property in all the States.
i The controversy, however, was at length settled
! by compromise and concession. It was agreed that
! slaves should be represented, under the appellation
! of" other persons;" not as free persons, but only
I in the proportion of three-fifths. In order to recon-
! cile the non-slaveholding States to this provision,
I anothei clause was inserted, that direct taxes should
j be apportioned in the same manner as representa-
tives. So that, theoretically, representation and
taxation might go pari passu. This provision, you
will perceive, sir, relieved the other two-fifths of
the slaves from being taxed at all as property; so
that the slaveholder, in case of a direct tax, pays
; only on three-fifths of his slave property; while
I the non-slaveholder is compelled to pay on the
I whole of his property. This is manifestly un-
i equal. But, sir, it is in the Constitution, and we
i are bound by it. Does any Senator believe that
1 the non-slaveholding States would have consented
; that three-fifths of the slaves should beiepresented
| under the appellation of " other persons," if it had
I been understood that the Federal Government had
| power to acquire foreign territory, and create it
1 into new skve States ? No, sir: if such had been
I the understanding, slaves would have been exelu-
! ded from the enumeration.
; Sir, there were many able statesmen in the
j Federal Convention who denounced slavery in
j unmeasured terms. Hear Colonel Mason of Vir~
i ginia:
" Slavery discourages arts and manufactures. The poor
despise labor when performed by slave*. They prevent the
emigration of whites, who leally enrich and strengthen a
country. They produce the most pernicious effect on man-
ners. Every master ot slaves is bom a petty tyrant. They
bring the judgment of Heaven on a countiy. As nations
cannot be rewarded or punished in the next world, they
must be in this. By an inevitable chain of causes and effects,
Providence punches national sins by national calamities.
He held it essential, (ho said,) in every point of view, that
the General Government should have power to prevent the
increase of slavery."
This, sir, is the language of pne of Virginia's
ablest statesmen, when engaged in framing a con-
stitution for this then young republic, to endure
through all coming time.
Mr. Madison, also a member of the Convention,
was not silent upon the subject. He " thought it
wrong to admit in the Constitution the idea that
there could be property in men.1'
At the time of the adoption of the Constitution
seven of the thirteen States were free, and six were
slave States; and nothing transpired in the Con-
vention to show that an increase of the slave States
was anticipated oi desired. The balance of poli-
tical power was in the hands of the free States, and
no statesman of that day, North or South, as far
as I know, desired to see it pass into the hands of
the slave States. No such change could have been
anticipated; for, under tiie Constitution, no power
was given to the Federal Government to acquire
foreign territory. Such, it is certain, was the
i opinion of Mr. Jefferson and many other southern
I statesmen of great eminence. But what does the
| history of little more than half a century show?
' Why, sir, in 1803, we acquired Louisiana by pur-
j chase, and the people of the fiee and slave States
j paid fifteen millions of dollars for it. Mr. Jeffer-
: son, when he made the acquisition, admitted that
| he had no constitutional power to do it; but the
i vast importance of the navigation of the Missis-
j| sippi to the commerce of tiie United States, in-
duced him to make the purchase, and trust to an
' amendment of the Constitution to legalize the act.
Well, sir, what has been done with this territory
thus purchased of France ? Why, sir, three slave
States have been created out of it, viz: Louisiana,
Missouri, and Arkansas; all now represented in
this and the other branch of Congress.
In 3819 we acquired Florida by purchase, and
the people of the free and slave States paid five
millions of dollars for it. That, also, has been
created into a slave State, and is represented upon
; the floor of both Houses of Congress.
! But this is not all, sir: in 1844, we acquired
, Texas; but at what cost God only knows. It will
< not, I am well persuaded, cost us lexss than one
i hundred millions of dollars, and the loss of hun-
1 dieds, and perhaps thousands, of valuable lives.
! The aid of the Federal Government was invoked
: to obtain this territory for the avowed purpose of
preventing the abolition of slavery in Texas. This,
sir, was a bold movement. It was a direct call
upon the Federal Government to put forth its
power to sustain, uphold, extend, and perpetuate
slavery in the United States !
Sir, this is apparent from the correspondence of
the State Department accompanying the Texas
treaty. On the 8th of August, 1843, Mr. Upshur,
the Secretary of State, wiote to Mr. Murphy, our
charge d'affaires in Texas, as follows:
" Sir : A private letter from a citizen of Maryland, then
in London, contains the following parage:
"£ I learn, from a ?-ouree erititied to the fullest confidence,
c that theie is now here a Mi. Andrews, deputed by tiie Abo-
< Mi0mst-i0fTe\as to negotiate with the British Government;
'that he h,ia seen Loid Aberdeen, and submitted hi* proje£
{for the abolition of slavery in Texas • which is, that there
£ shall be oiganized a company in England,whoshail advance
* a sum hufi'n lent to pay for the slaves now m Texas, and ic-
1 c<jive in payment Texas lands ; that the sum thu^ advanced
' shall be paid over as an indemnity for the abolition of sla-
cver\; and I am authorized by the Texan Mun ter i<> say
1 {to you, that Loid Aberdeen has agreed that the British Gov-
! c eminent will guaianty the payment ot the interest on this
; < loan, upon condiUon'tbatthe Texan Govemmentwill abol-
' ish slavery.'
;******* *
; " A movement of this sort cannot be contemplated by us in
i silence. Such an attempt upon any neighboiing country
! would necessarily be viewed by this Government with very
deep coucern ; but when it is made upon a nation whose
1 territories loin the slavehoidmg State* ot our Union, it awa-
j kea< a still more solemn inteiest. It cannot be permitted
