1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the President to terminate the war with MeXictf,
and to procure af  acquisition of territory; and the
immediate question is upon the adoption of what
is known as the Wilmot proviso, which declares,
that there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in any territory, which may be fiereafter
annexed to the United States. Having already
expressed my sentiments upon the former subjcct,
I shall now confine my remarks to the latter.
And, sir, in the first place, such a declaration
Would be a kind of legislation, not only abstract in
Itself, but, under the circumstanccs of the country,
ill-timed and injudicious. We are engaged in a
foreign war, which demands the united counsels,
and the united action, of the whole country. The
issue, whether immediate or remote, whether pros-
perous or adverse, is hidden from our view. Do
the best we can, we shall be greatly divided.
Some doubt the justice of the war, and many more
its expediency; and though I am with those, who
doubt neither, and who think we had to choose,
between war and dishonor, yet I cannot conceal
From myself, that these discordant opinions, if
they do not paralyze, must yet impede the national
exertion, and operate, in many ways, to prevent
that vigorous action, so essential to prompt success.
And we have still another class among ns, who
openly avow their hostility to the present condi-
tion of their country, and their determination, not
merely to withhold all voluntary aid towards the
prosecution of the war, both as private and as pub-
lic men, but also to exert their moral influence to
extend these views, and to give piactical effect to
their operation.
Under these circumstances, sir, it is obviously
the dictate of true wisdom, not to add internal dif-
ficulties to external ones; unless both are forced
upon us by invincible necessity. Of all the ques-
tions, that can agitate us, those which are merely
sectional in their character, are the most dangerous,
and the most to be deprecated. The warning voice
of him, who from his character, and services, and
virtue, had the best right to warn us, proclaimed to
his countrymen, in his farewell address, that mon-
ument of wisdom for him, as I hope it will be of
safety for them, how much we had to apprehend
from measures, peculiarly affecting geographical
portions of oar country. The history of the past,
furnishes us with pregnant lessons upon this sub-
ject. When such questions come, let us meet them,
as great questions should be met, with a single
eye to our own duty, and to the interest of the
country. But let us not anticipate them, by antici-
pating events, which may never happen, or which,
if they do happen, may bring with them the solu-
tion of the very difficulties, wc are seeking, instead
t)f avoiding. We have yet made no acquisition
of territory, and never may. We have, indeed,
in the prosecution of the existing war, taken pos-
session of a portion of Mexico, and hold it by the
right of conquest. But our tenure is uncertain,
depending upon the varying casualities of war
while this lasts, and then, if not sooner termina-
ted, upon the result of the negotiations forapeace.
"We can make no permanent arrangements for the
government of the country, till the right, which
cession gives, is added to that we have derived
from conquest. Nor indeed do we seek to do so,
for the proposed amendment is to be operative,
only when we shall have made a permanent acqui-
sition of the country, and added it to our own. In
the meantime, though it be a dead letter upon the
statute book, it can only be placed there by quick-
ening into life, feelings and sentiments, which, if
they must come, let them come, like other unavoid-
able evils, but which should never be voluntarily
sought, for the very sake of encountering them.
We then, sir, are attempting, not to legislate for
things as they are, but for things as they are not,
and as they never may be. We are abandoning
the domain of the present, and are seeking to con-
trol, perhaps a distant, certainly a doubtful, fu-
ture. Under any circumstances, this prospective
legislation can scarcely be reconciled with the dic-
tates of common prudence. But under those that
exist, both foreign and domestic, it seems to me a
rash experiment, certain in the injury it will in-
flict, but uncertain in the advantages it proposes
to obtain. The questions it will raise, and the
excitement that will attend them, are obvious to
all. Already their bearing has been shadowed
forth in the discussions that have started up; and
both the topics and the temper, that have presented
themselves are calculated to produce the worst
effects at home and abroad. If the subject were
legitimately before us, and a practical decision
were called for, it should he met with wisdom,
with Calmness, and with moderation. But suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof. When we
acquire the territory, it will be quite time to pro-
vide for its government. We may, indeed, fight
the battle now, and when it is over, leaving all its
heartburnings behind, we may find it has been
fought in vain, and that we have nothing left for
our premature dissensions but unhappy recollec-
tions at home, and the contempt of the civilized
World.
This amendment is not proposed as a condition
of the cession to be made to us. To do that, it
must be incorporated into a treaty, and Mexico
•would thus become a party, having a right to in-
terfere in our internal institutions, in questions left
by the Constitution to the State governments, after
their admission into the Union, upon an equal
footing, as they must be, when admitted, with the
original members of the Confederacy. I presume
there is not a Senator or Rcpiesentative in the
National Legislature, who would thus "rant to a
foreign Power the right to inquire into the conduct
and constitution of the sovereign Slates of this
Union; and if there are any, I am not amon? them,
and never shall be. To the people of this coun-
try, now and hereafter, are its destinies, under
God, committed; and we want no foreign Power
to interrogate us, treaty in hand, and to say, Whv
have you done this, or why have you omitted to
do that? Our own dignity, as well as the first
attributes of independence, repel such a proposi-
tion.
If, then, this clause is not to enter into the com-
pact of cession, what effect is it to have ? It is not
an ordinary act of legislation, within the accus-
tomed power of Congress; for it neither operates
unon American territory, upon American citizens,
nor upon American property. Nordoes it propose
to establish a system for the regulation of those,
having a right to become such. It is declaratory
of what> That slavery shall not exist in any ter-
ritory hereafter to be acquired. But no territory,
hereafter to be acquired, can be governed, without
an act of Congress, providing for the organization
of its government. That is the very first step in
its progress in the new career opened to it; till then,
no legitimate authority can be exercised over it.
And when Congress comes to act, it will act upon
the subject matter, controlled only by the Consti-
tution, and by the treaty of cession. If, therefore,
a declaratory clause, like that proposed, is adopt-
ed, it would be but a dead letter, and without any
practical effect. It would not operate upon the
country now, for it does not belong to us; and if it
should become ours, Congress, when it legislates,
would be free to legislate upon its own views and
responsibility, without being at all restrained by an
abstract declaration, binding nobody, and operating
on nothing.
But what sort of a spectacle does this proceed-
ing present to the world ? Disguise it as we may,
it is a Mexican cession we are looking to, and
Mexican territory we are prepai ingto govern. We
are gravely stopping in the miast-of our legitimate
duties, while deficient supplies, a defective organi-
zation, an insufficient farce, demand legislative ac-
tion ; and while the President is appenling to us for
the means of prosecuting the war vigorously and
successfully, we are stopping in order to regulate
the condition of countries, extending to the Pacific
ocean, and which, if they arc ever ours, must be-
come so, after the vicissitudes of war shall have
established our power, and reduced the enemy to
submission. I doubt if history furnishes another
such instance of legislative farsightedness.
But, sir, there are other and very obvious con-
siderations, which ought to warn us of the impol-
icy of this discussion. I am willing to make the
appropriation, and to place it at the disposition of !
theExecutive,holdinghimresponsible for itsfaith- i
ful application. Circumstanccs may arise which ;
may render this arrangement a provident one, and |
therefore a proper one. But the indications of'
public opinion, which reach us from Mexico, and
among these, not the least significant, is the oath
taken by her President to consent to no cession of
Mexican territory, a strange procedure, brought
about, no doubt, by the publicagifation of this tonic,
these indications, I say, satisfy me that our first
duty is to put forth all our strength, and to con-
quer the obstinate injustice of the Mexican people
by the power of our arms. When this is done—
and the sodner it is dofie the better it wilt be done—
we can then count up our inju'ries &nd losses, and
seek an adequate Compensation for theta agreeably
to the usages of nations. In the rrteantime, this
discussion, with all its circunistanc^s, "Will be as
well known in Mexico as in the United States.
That mighty agent, the press, will proclaim it theffe
louder than a voice shouting from every house-
top in the republic. And what must a high-spirited
people think of the spectacle exhibited here ? And
the Mexicans, We must remember, possess many
traits of the Spanish character. What better mode
Could be devised to irritate them, and to unite thetfi
as one man against us, than the very procedure
We are debating? Who believes we should have
purchased Louisiana of Napoleon, or Florida of
Spain, had such preliminaries as these preceded
the attempt to negotiate? How should we have
denounced the arrogance of England, during the
late war, had her Parliament gravely attempted to
lay down a principle for the government of a por-
tion of Massachusetts or Virginia, which she in-
tended to acquire3 It is to be regretted, that this
appropriation could not have been made without
an irritating public discussi'on. And it is still more
to be regretted, that the original question of acqui-
sition, should be complicated with another, which
enlarges the field of controversy, and introduces
still more irritating topics into the debate. Look-
ing at the critical relations, which exist between the
two countries, it is quite enough to announce to
Mexico our desire to purchase a portion of her ter-
ritory, and to provide the means fordoing go, with-
out exhibiting such a confidence in the successful
result, as to accompany the measure with a plan,
either total or partial, for the government of the
region, which we seek to annex to our Confeder-
acy.
For myself, sir, individually, I have doubts, as
I stated before, of the policy of any step, except a
direct vigorous prosecution of the war. I am
afraid, that all other measures are proof to the
Mexican people, that we are halting m our pur-
poses, and have undertaken a task beyond our
ability to accomplish.
I likened with great attention and pleasure to
the eloquent remarks of the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, made in the Senate a few days
since, and I fully coincided with him in almost all
he said. I dissent, however, from him tolo ccelo in
the suggestion, that renewed attempts at negotia-
tion should be made by this Government. What
was opinion, in the letter from Mr. Slidelhto Mr.
Buchanan, of December 27, 1845, has become his-
tory. tl The desire of our Government to secure
peace, will be mistaken for timidity," &c. It has
been so, and I trust the error will not be renewed.
The Mexican Government and people know that
we desire peace. The Administration has pro-
claimed it in its official acts. It is proclaimed au-
thoritatively, and unanimously, in these Hails. It
is proclaimed by the American press. And, what
is more powerful than all this, it is proclaimed by
the public sentiment of the American people.
Why, it is only two days since, sir, that we in-
troduced into the diplomatfc bill, an appropriation
for defraying the expenses of negotiations, and
the very debate in which we are engaged, furnish-
es irrefragable proof of the strong desire for peace,
which animates us all: and myself, as strongly as
any member of this body. The sentiment is in
our hearts, and its expression upon our tongues.
My objection against the initiative being again
taken by our Government in propositions for ne-
gotiations, arises out of the fear that they will not
produce peace, but will continue the war.
Our true motives are misunderstood and misrep-
resented; and what is rpally dictated by a spirit of
forbearance and modeiation, is converted into
proofs of timidity and weakness. There is, no
doubt, in Mexico, a strong instinctive love of coun-
try, which, under a tropical sun, gives rise to ex-
cited feelings, and to paroxysms of fierce action.
But there Is no such wholesome public opinion
theie as here, and no such means of public infor-
mation, nor such a people to understand and appre-
ciate them. Itis obvious, that the strangest views
prevail there. The most trifling disaster on our
side, is represented as a victory on theirs. An offer
to negotiate is an acknowledgment of weakness.
A messenger of peace is rudely driven from Mex-
ico, undeAhe pretence, that he came as a ministei1
and not as a commissioner And it is announced,
