550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
with a gravity >which would bevtruly ridiculous,were
not the subject so vast'a one, that our armies must
withdraw from the Mexican territory, and our
fleets from the Mexican coast, before their Gov-
ernment will ever consent to negotiate. Retire,
they say, go home, and then we will treat with
you. f regret to hear any propositions or discus-
sions relating to Mexican negotiations, brought
forward in either branch of Congress. These top-
ics had better be left to the Executive, who can act
discreetly, because he can act deliberately, and
without public discussion. If we provide the ne-
cessary supplies for the prosecution of the war,
and watch vigilantly the course of the Government,
correcting errors where they exist, we shall have
performed an important pnrt of our duty, leaving
to the President to push the war vigorously, and
to embrace any favorable opportunity to negotiate,
which piesents itself.
I believe this course of action better becomes our
character and position among the nations of the
world. We seek but justice. That is pertina-
ciously withheld from us. Before the invasion of
our territory, we made repeated attempts to bring
our disputes with Mexico to a peaceful solution,
and since then we have.attempted to bring the war,
which she commenced to a peaceful termination.
We have failed in all these efforts; and, unfortu-
nately,from being misunderstood, they have aggra-
vated, rather than diminished, the difficulties of our
position. We have discharged our duty to hu-
manity, now let us discharge it to ourselves. Let
us march onward, till the past is atoned for, and
till the future is guarded by reasonable security.
But, sir, independent of these considerations,
arising out of the very nature of the subject, there
are tv/<rotlier questions, eminently practical, which
connect themselves with it, and which it is our
duty, charged as wc are, by our country with her
gravest interests, maturely to examine. Tho first
relates to the prosecution of the war, and the other
to the acquisition of territory.
Should this proviso become a law* I consider
it extremely doubtful whether the war could be
further prosecuted; or I might say, indeed, it would
not be prosecuted at all. From the feelings mani-
fested by two-fifths of the House of Representa-
tives, and by a moiety of the Senate, it is obvious
that future appropriations would not long be made.
No one here will call in question the correctness
of this opinion. Divided, as we are, in our views
respecting the justice and expediency of the war,
we cannot doubt, (hat with this new element of
irritation and difference, no calculation whatever
could be made upon legislative action, or upon the
aid that would be given to the Executive. I find
myself supported m this view by an authority
which commends itself, at least, to one side of this
Chamber. In a letter written from this place, and
published in the New Yoik Courier and Enquncr,
of the ]8th ultimo, the writer, who I suppose is the
editor, and if so, certainly well informed respect-
ing the views of the party to which he belongs,
says: " The adoption of the Wilmot proviso, it is
conceded in the political circles, will do more to ter-
minate the war, than any legislative act that could
be devised; as much, almost, as a refusal of sup-
plies.'1 I do not concur with the writer in all his
political speculations m this letter; but in his state-
ment of the effect of this measure upon the prose-
cution of the war, I fully coincide: and I do not
expect to hear a single member of this body ex-
press his dissent from it. This proposition, if
adopted, becomes at once an aegis, interposed be-
tween us and Mexican responsibility. The choice
before us is the proviso or the war. One or the
other must be given up.
But again, sir, one-third of this body can pre-
vent the ratification of a treaty. It has been dis-
tinctly intimated here in debate, and not contra-
dicted by any member, that if this proposition
passes upon the statute book, no treaty,providing
for the acquisition of territory, will be ratified.
This we have reason to know is the determination.
Legislation, posterior to the acquisition, would
pursue the ordinary course, and would be govern-
ed by the ordinary principles, which regulate the
action of Congress. Legislation, like this pro-
posed, before the acquisition, would induce and
enable one-third of one branch of Congress to de-
feat the measure—or, in other words, if no condi-
tion is annexed to the purchase, we have no right
to anticipate, that there will be any sectional oppo-
sition to it. And the Government of the countiy
after its acquisition, would be a question of ordi-
nary legislative jurisdiction, dependent for its ex-
ercise upon the views entertained by Congress, at
the time, of its own duty, and of the question of
right or expediency connected with it. But annex
this condition previously, and whether it be oper-
ative or barren for any other purpose, it will be
effectual for one: and that is, to prevent any addi-
tion to our territory. Not one foot shall we
acquire, as every member of this Senate knows
full well; quite as well as I do.
We then, sir, by this proceeding, put to hazard
the prosecution of the war; conducting it in all
probability to an inglorious issue; and we render
it certain, that no territorial indemnity can be
obtained, and that we shall quit with Mexico as
wc began: practically confessing our inability or
our indisposition to defend our honor, or assert
our interests.
Now, sir, I do not believe that the people of this
country, be they where they may—North, South, |
East, or West—are prepared thus to inflict upon
the national honor an incurable wound. This is
not a question of to-day, nor of to-morrow only,
but of generations yet to come. And we must
remember that the eyes of Europe are upon us.
Throughout Christendom, our coursc and our con-
duct arc watched with jealous scrutiny, both by
those, who fear the example of our institutions, and
by those, who look forward to their permanent
establishment, anions; the nations of the earth.
By the former, in the hope that seeds of dissolution
may be developed, to spring- up hereafter, and to
ripen into an abundant harvest of calamity; and by
the latter, with a hope as sincere, and I trust far
better founded, that we may survive the trials, to
which it is the lot of all governments to be ex-
posed, and find our political system still firmer in
the hearts of the people, as time comes to show us
the blessings it brings with it. We are the stand-
ard-bearers of liberty for the communities of the
world. And as we guard or betray the precious
deposite, the cause of freedom will advance or re-
cede, stimulated or depressed by our example.
The great problem, so long doubted, and so often
disputed, whether we are able to carry on an offen-
sive war, in defence of our rights and our honor,
is again in the process of solution. If we are true
to ourselves, this will be a problem no longer:
speculation will give way to fact, and future repu-
tation and security will be purchased by present
exertions. But if we abandon the contest, by
whatever motives impelled, we seal our own dis-
honor, and shut up the history of our country's
glory. The name of Jlmerican, will be a byword
and a reproach, throughout the earth. The brand
will remain upon our foreheads, and still the plain-
er, as we shall prove ourselves faithless to the
example of our fathers, and unworthy of the legacy,
which they won and bequeathed to us. But, sir,
1 believe nothing of all this. I trust I know my
countrymen. And if they have one trait of char-
acter, in bolder relief, than any other, or than all
others, it is nn ever-acting, never-dying love of
country: watchful, first, of its honor, and then of
its interests; and prepared to defend both, as both
should bo defended, where the Government he-
longs equally to all, and the support of all equally
to the Government.
All the apprehensions expressed here will pass
away, leaving us and our institutions unscathed.
I hd.ve an abiding confidence in the rectitude and
energy of public opinion in this country, as well
as of its mighty effects. It has spoken many a
time in my day, and spoken in tones, that were
feared and obeyed: ay, and it will so speak many
a time to come. Thank God, we are not the peo-
ple; we are but their temporary servants. There
js a power above us, and beyond us, which says,
Thus far may you go, but no farther; and there we
stop. We introduce subjects here, and discuss
them, and discuss them, till mutual contact excites
us; and we fancy, that everybody is everywhere
just as much excited as we aie, and that the end
of all things, at least of all political things—union,
government, liberty—is approaching, if not upon
us. And all this, while the bounties of Heaven,
both physical and moral, are descending upon us,
not like the silent dew, but in one unbroken stream
of unmerited kindness. Our country is without
want; our Government without oppression; our
people without fear, and without danger: and yet,
we are everlastingly talking about a crisis, as
though we had nothing to do but to raise one, and
to discuss it. We may have one, sir; but it may
come in away and in an hour we know not of« It
may be a crisis, not of our making or seeking, but
of God's wrath for our ingratitude. As to a po-
litical crisis, all will come right, Mr. President.
That word has got to be quite a common one in
our national vocabulary. It frightened me oncej
but I have seen it so often, that its face has be-
come quite familiar, and does not inspire the least
dread. I recognise it as an old acquaintance,
changing from time to time its drapery, but still
preserving its identity. Our constituents, the
American people, will take care of us, and of the
crisis, too, as they took care of the crisis of inde-
pendence, of the confederation, of the revolution-
ary war, of the constitution, of the non-intercourse,
of the embargo, of the bank, of the deposites, of
the tariff, and of the late war, and as they are
taking into their own mighty keeping the present
war; and they will still take care of their Union,
and guard it from any unholy touch, as the Ark
of God was guarded of old by God's holy peo-
pie.
I shall vote against this proviso, because:
1st. The present is no proper time for the intro-
duction into the country, and into Congress, of an
exciting topic, tending to divide us, when our uni-
ted exertions are necessary to prosecute the exist-
ing war.
2d. It will be quite in season to provide for the
government of territory, not yet acquired from for-
eign countries, after we shall have obtained it.
3d. The proviso can only apply to British and
Mexican territories, as there are no others coter-
minous to us. Its phraseology would reach either,
though its application is pointed to Mexico. It
seems to me, that to express so much confidence
in the successful result of this war, as to legislate
at this time, if not over this anticipated acquisition,
at least for it, and to lay down a partial basis for
its government, would do us no good m the eyes
of the world, and would irritate, still more, the
Mexican people.
4th. Legislation now would be wholly inopera-
tive, because no territory, hereafter to be acquired,
can be governed without an act of Congress, pro-
viding for its government. And such an act, on
its passage, would open the whole subject, and
would leave the Congress, called upon to pass it,
free to exercise its own discretion, entirely uncon-
trolled by any declaration found on the statute
book.
5th. There is great reason to think, that the adop-
tion of this proviso would, in all probability, bring
the war to an untimely issue, by the effect it would
I have on future operations.
6th. Its passage would certainly prevent the ac-
quisition of one foot of territory; thus defeating a
measure called for by a vast majority of the Amer-
| ican people, and defeating it, too, by the very act
purporting to establish a partial basis for its gov-
ernment.
The progress of public opinion upon the ques-
tion of the adoption of this proviso, as the circum-
stances of the country have become more and more
difficult, seems to me to indicate very clearly, that
since its introduction at the past session of Con-
gress, the conviction has been gaining ground that
the present is no time for the agitation of this sub-
ject; and as the foreign war becomes more embar-
rassing, in a greater degree, than many anticipated,
it is best to avoid a domestic dispute, which would
raise bitter questions at home, and add confidence
to the motives for resistance abroad. And cer-
tainly the fact now ascertained, that the war would
be put to hazard, and the acquisition of territory
defeated, by the adoption of this proviso, renders
it impossible for me to vote for it, connected, as I
deem both of these objects, with the dearest rights
and honor of the country.
I have examined the resolutions, which have been
presented to Congress by the Legislatures of eight
of the States upon this subject, and I find, that this
proviso is a measure perhaps not called for by any
of them, certainly not by six of them, and that its
simple adoption at this time will leave unattained
the permanent objects sought by all of them. The
views expressed are as follows:
By the Legislature of Vermont, against " the
{ admission into the Federal Union of any new
' State, whose constitution tolerates slavery,"
&c.
By the Legislature of New Hampshire, that
measures should be taken for the extinction of sla*
