1647.
TME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mm
Central and executive govern merits confine Aeir for-
eign policy within the circle of the cabinet, and strike
before the warning is given; while ours is publicly
debated in Congress, and spread broadcast through
the world. This being ari executive recommenda-
tion, designed to aid in bringing this war to a
happy termination, if granted, should be in the
form and for the purposes recommended, unless
some strong and controlling reasons can be urged
against it. If we doubt the propriety of making
the appropriation, let us so declare, and meet the
question frankly and directly, by withholding it.
But let it not be so fettered and restricted byamend-
ments as to destroy the objects it was intended to
answer, or be strang1ed,with provisoes, which can
as well, and \yith more propriety, be passed sepa-
rately. Upon this question there are, in fact, but
two sides: one is support, and the other in effect,
however good in design, is opposition.
But, sir, while we are legislating; for the termi-
nation of a bloody and expensive war, by placing
a sum of money at the Executive discretion, for
the purpose of negotiating a peace, we are again
required in advance to pass upon the domestic
regulation of any territory which may, perchance,
be purchased by the money we are about to ap-
propriate; and to that end we are presented accord-
ingly with a " proviso," in the following words:
Provided, jiutiter, That there «h?tll bo neither slavery noi
involuntary servitude in am tftritoiyon the continent of
Amenca which shall heieaf'ter be acquired bv or annexed
to the United States by vutue of thi< appropriation, or in
any other manner Wmiivcr, exc< pt for < j i tries whei eof the
party shall have been dtiiv convicted: Provided, always,
That every person escaping into such teiritoi-y fioin whom
labor 01 service 1* lawfully claimed in anv one of the United
State*., ?ueli fugitive may be lawfully claimed arid conveyed
out of <>aid lerntory to the peison claiming ins or her labor
or service."
And, as though it were not enough to legislate
for the government of such territory as may be
procured under and by virtue of this appropriation,
if any shall be—which rests, of course, in uncer-
tainty—this amendment, forsooth, provides for the
domestic regulation of "any territory 011 the conti-
nent of America which shall hereafter be acquired
by or annexed to the United States in any other
manner whatever." And thus this wholesome and
pacific measure must again be subjected to delay
and the hazards of defeat—the war must be pros-
ecuted afresh with its engines of destruction, or
abandoned by a craven and disgraceful retreat, one
campaign after another be lost, while the wily and
treacherous foe and his natural ally, the vomito,
are preying upon the brave hearts of our patriotic
soldiery—that we may legislate not merely for the
domestic government of Mexican territory, in the
expectation that we may hereafter obtain it, but
that we may erect barriers to prevent the sugar
manufacturer and cotton planter of the South from
extending his plantation and his slavery towards
the polar regions. If, then, the popular judgment
shall commend that pioneer benevolence which
seeks to provide for the government of territory
which, though it yet " sleeps in the wide abyss of
possibility," may be acquired by this proposed
negotiation, if the appropriation shall be made, and
fi negotiation opened, and the President shall pro-
pose to accept for indemnity, and the Mexican
Government to cede a portion of territory, and the
terms shall be stipulated, and a treaty be made be-
tween the two Governments, and ratified by both,
and the territory be organized by the legislation of
Congress; what adequate encomiums shall she lav-
ish upon that more comprehensive philanthropy,
and profound statesmanship, which, in a bill de-
signed to terminate a bloody and protracted war,
raging m the heart of an enemy's country, casts
into the discussion this apple of domestic discord,
under the pretence of extending the benevolent
eegis of freedom over any territory which may at
any time, or in any manner, or upon any part of
the continent, be acquired by the United States!
It is no justification for the introduction of this
element ofstufe and controversy At this time, and
upon this occasion, that it is abstractly just and
proper, and that the southern States should tnke
no exception to its ptovisions. All knew the
smouldering materials which the introduction of
this topic would ignite—the sectional strife and
local bitterness which would follow in its tram; all
had seen and read its fatal history at the last ses-
sion, and knew too well what controversies, delays
and vexations, must hang over it—what crimina-
tion and recrimination would attend upon its toil-
some and precarious progress, and what hazard
would wait upon the result; how it would array
man against man, State against State, section
against section, the South against the North, and
the North against the South; and what must be
not only its direct and positive mischiefs, but how
its disorganizing and pernicious influences must
be extended to other measures necessary to sus-
tain the arm of Government. This bill not only
suffered defeat at the last session, but has been
subjected to the delays, hazards, and buffetings of
this, by reason of this misplaced proviso. Upon
it the very antipodes of agitation have met, and
mingled their discordant -influences. This proviso,
pretending to circumscribe the limits of slavery, ?s
made the occasion for the presentation of declara-
tory resolves in its favor, and the bill becomes, as
if by mutual appointment, the common battle-
ground of abstract antagonists; each theoretic
agitation is indebted to the other for existence, and
each subsists alone upon the aliment provided
• ready to its hand by its hostile purveyor. The
| votaries of opposing systems seem to have drawn
{ hither to kindle their respective altar fires, and to
I vie with each other in efforts todetermine who shall :
I cause the smoke of their incense to ascend the
j highest. Both are assailing the same edifice from
I different angles, and for alleged opposing reasons
| —both declare their support of the bill depends
j upon the contingency of the amendment; and the
| efforts ot both unite m a common result, and that
j is procrastination and the hazard of defeat. The
! common enemy is overlooked and almost forgotten,
that we may glarp upon each other over a sidebar
issue, and revive the slumbering elements of con-
troversy, in proposing to prescribe domestic, regu-
lation for the government of territory which we
have some expectation we may at some time, in
some manner, upon some part of the continent,
from some government or people, and upon some
erms, procure.
This exciting and troublesome question has no
necessary connexion with this bill, and if, indeed,
; it can ever have any practical operation whatever,
i it would certainly be equally operative if passed
' separately. It cannot, nor ou°„ht it to be con^eal-
j ed, that there exists in some quarters a strong de-
' sire to embarrass the Administration in the prose-
cution of this war. Some, to that end, have taken
i open and decided ground, denouncing itas wicked,
. unjust, and unconstitutional—the offspiing of ra-
| pine and rapacity—and sympathizing with what
' they are pleased to term a sister republic. Others
have proposed and insisted upon amendments and
provisoes to measures obviously just, which, all
must have seen, could produce nothing but em-
barrassment and confusion, if not defeat. And,
in the other House, it was proposed to append this
very amendment to a bill-designed to raise money
to "feed and clothe our brave army in Mexico.
■ Why, I ask—and why, will the country repeat-
this pertinacity to ingraft this "pioviso" up<
upon
It. is made
pertinacity
some measure relating to this war?
general in its application; is to operate through all
time, and throughout the continent, and is not con-
fined to territory to be, acquired by this negotiation.
And not one among its numerous and zealous
friends has proposed it, except as a rider to some
measure connected with the war. And, weie 1
not assured that the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Upham,] who now insists upon connecting this
disturbing question with this bill, does so fioiu
what he regards a duty, I should be ready to ex-
claim " an enemy hath done this!'5
But suppose we do not, after ail, as we well may
not, obtain by negotiation any portion of Mexican
territory, what a sublime spectacle of legislation
will a clause like this present to the world ! It will
: stand upon the pages of the statute book as an act
1 of the American Congress, designed to regulate the
i government of Mexican territory, but whose oper-
i ation was suspended by the interposition of the
: Mexican veto! A chapter in our history, to be
i employed by our enemies as evidence of rapacity,
: of weakness and depraved morals; a target for the
jeers and se.offs of the kingly Governments of the
. earth, for the derision of Mexico herself, and the
1 general contempt of mankind ! A lapsed legacy to
[ the memory of misplaced benevolence and abortive
legislation. We rightfully boast ourselves a great
and powerful people; but we are only so when we
move with energies united. Our great element of
strength is a corresponding element of weakness,
when our powers are neutralized by the resistance j
i of opposing sections, or wasted by the chafing of 1
conflicting Fragment®. And while out beet facul-
ties are directed against each other and wasted in
domestic conflict, Mexico, oar treacherous and
wily antagonist, whose hope is vibrating betw-een
our intestine divisions, ana her ability to lay her
sacrilegious hand upon her consecrated images, rs
waiting for us to withdraw our troops, or fall back
upon a defensive line, or declare the war unjust
and unconstitutional, or to see our Government go
into bankruptcy, or the Union dissolved, agreeably
to the propositions which have been offered, and
the speeches which have been made. And what
is more humiliating, that the enemies of popular
freedom throughout the world are scowling with
malignant gratification to see this great nation un-
able to prosecute a war against a crippled and com-
paratively feeble enemy, without placing 'm the
foreground of its measures this pregnant element
of domestic controversy, which the world sees and'
knows is the canker which gnaws at the root of our
domestic peace; and when it is seen that if from
this cause especially we have practically proved
our inability to unite in the prosecution of a war,
i or to provide measures to establish peace, we shall
be regarded as a lit object for insult and contumely,
and be laughed to scorn by the despicable Govern-
ment with which we are at strife, and which we
have hesitated to strike, because of her imbecility
■ | and weakness.
1 If we obtain any portion of the Mexican terii-
tory, it must be done by conquest or by conven-
tional arrangement. Although we have already
conquered more than half of the areaof that repub-
lic, and now hold it by military possession, we
hold it thus as well for our own defence and in-
demnity as to compel her to negotiate for peace,
and have no jurisdiction over it except that of mili-
tary rule. Should California or any other portion
be ceded to us m a treaty of peace, it would still
require the legislation of Congress to provide for
its territorial government; and upon that occasion,
should the contingency happen, we can legislate
for fruition, and not for hope.
I have not partaken of the excitement which
has prevailed here, and shall not, sir. I have no
gloomy foreboding over the dissolution of the
Union. Politicians could not dissolve it if they
would, and would not if they could. It will live
on, sir, long after we are all hud in the dust, and
pillai after pillar shall strengthen and adorn the
edifice, while others, the venerable and gray-head-
ed, who are yet unborn, shall occupy these seals,
and these walls echo to their voices. I would not
have added one single word upon the subject of
slavery; but it is due to the occasion that my views
upon it should be fully understood. So far as I
am advised or believe, the great mass of the peo-
ple of the North entertain but one opinion upon
the subject, and that is the same which is enter-
tained by many at the South. They regard the
institution as a great moral and political evil, and
would that it had no existence. They are not un-
aware of the difficulties which beset it, and do not
intend to provoke sectional jealousy and hatied by
ill-timed and misplaced discussions. They will
not listen to the cry of the fanatic, or favor the de-
signs of the political schemcr from the North or the
South; nor will they ever disturb or trench upon
the compromises of the Constitution. They be-
lieve the institution to be local and domestic—to
be established or abolished by the States them-
selves, and alone subject to their control. But be-
ing thus the institution of a local soveieignty, and
a franchise peculiar to itself, they deny that such
} sovereignty or its people can justly claim the right
; to regard it as transitory, and to erect it in the ter-
I ntories of the United States, without the authority
i of Congress; and they believe that Congress may
' prohibit its introduction into the territories while
1 they remain such. And further, that its proiiibi-
! tion in the territories will, by giving them a free
1 population, as they become States, tend c< to form
a more perfect Union, establish justicc, ensure do-
j mestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
' fence, promote the general welfare, and secure the
j blessings of liberty to ourselves and our poster-
! ity." They have never resisted the admission of
:a slave State because it was so inhabited; and,
i holding the numerical power in both Houses of
! Congress, the slave States have increased nearly
j three-fold. But believing that it is for the u gen-
i eral welfare/' for the benefit of all the States,
I and not for any part of them, that free terutory
i should remain so, and that it is the legitimate sub-
