554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
jeqtof legislation, they desire, without intending
to disturb existing rights, at all proper times, to
discuss, in that spirit becoming brethren of a
common household, the influences its extension is
calculated to exert upon the human race and the
destinies of the country. And they doubt not that
if, upon the whole, it shall appear that the heaven-
born principles for which this Union was formed
will be best promoted by such prohibition, that those
who believe their pecuniary interests or political re-
lations will be thereby prejudiced will yield, in a
becoming spirit, interests so comparatively trivial,
to " promote the general welfare." Slavery, sir,
is silently and slowly rolling its dark wave to-
wards a tropical sun, and God grant that, in His
own good time, its subjects may there find happy
institutions as well as a congenial clime.
But this question is too momentous and exciting
to mingle with our foreign policy at. any time, and
much more at this time, when our army is in the
heart of an enemy's country, and that enemy
murderous, lawless, and irresponsible—when our
policy is lamentably divided, and when we have
abundant elements of discord, without pressing
this one into our service. Believing that this, and
every question of a kindred character, is calcu-
lated to embarrass the Administration in the prose-
cution of the war and in obtaining peace—to defeat
or render valueless the measures recommended—
to array one section in feeling against another, in-
stead of all against a common enemy—I shall, by
my vote and voice, favor and support the recom-
mendation of the President, holding him responsi-
ble for a wise exercise of his discretion, and oppose
and vote against any and every amendment calcu-
lated to embarrass its passage, or to render its
operation nugatory. And this bill, as it came from
the committee, being free of all extraneous ques-
tions, I shall not vote to insert them. And, for
one, 1 shall look with distrust upon any and all
amendments and " provisoes" which, wherever
they may emanate, are hailed with so much joy
by those who oppose the Administration and the
prosecution of the war. The State I have the honor
in part to represent, has considered this subject,
and spoken concerning ltm her sovereign voice by
certain joint resolutions, which are now upon your
table. 'She has spoken in a language of patriotic
pride becoming the first State in the Union upon
an occasion so prolific of results and replete with
interest. We are again reminded that in a time of
fearful peril she raised her own strong arm in aid
of the Co ifodcracy, and we may read in her ele-
vated and emphatic tone an earnest of her future
action.
Her resolutions are as follows:
"Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That as war now
exists between the United Slates and Mexico, it is the im-
p-iauve duty of eveiy citizen of this country to sustain its
Government in all proper iriensures for the prosecution of
the war, in «uch a manner as our national honor and uitei-
esc''demand, until it shall be teimmated by an honorable
peace.
" Resolved, (if tbe Assembly concur,) That no peace with
Mexico can be regaided as honorable to the United States
which shall not secure fiom that republic full indemnity lot
the a^ar^ions which it ha^ committed upon the rights of
this eountiy and o! its citizens.
" Revolved, (if the As-semblv concur,) That if any teriitory
is hereafter acquired by the United State.,, or annexed theiu-
to, the act by winch such teriitory is acquired or annexed,
whatever such act may be, should contain an unalterable
fundamental article or provision whereby slavery or invol-
untary servitude, except a* a punishment for crime, shall be
forever excluded from the territory acquired or annexed.
" Resolvedt (if the Assembly concur,) That the Senators in
Congress from this State be instructed, and that the Repre-
sentatives in Congress fiom this State be lequested to u-se
their bffct efforts to carry into effect the views expressed in
the foregoing resolutions."
By these resolutions we are instructed to carry
out the views expressed therein, and not merely
the sentiments expressed in any one, but in all.
The resolution touching the acquisition of territory
has been understood by some to instruct us to vote
in this bill for this amendment somewhat famil-
iarly known as the " Wilmot proviso." I have read
and considered it in connexion with those which
precede it with much care, and neither so read or
so understood it. In this I regret to add that I am
compelled to differ with my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Dix,] but I do so with that kindness and re-
spect which becomes our respective positions, and
which has long characterized our personal and offi-
cial intercourse. The construction which I have
given to those resolutions leaves each and every of
them operative and consistent one with another.
It is this: first support the Government in its rea-
sonable measures until peace shall be obtained,
and in that treaty of peace procure indemnity for
aggression. If territory is acquired or annexed
by the negotiation, or in any other mode in the act
by which it is acquired and subjected to our ju-
risdiction, insert a provision prohibiting slavery
therein.
I will not do that learned and intelligent body
which framed and passed those resolutions, the in-
justice to believe that they regarded an appropriation
for the purpose of negotiating a peace, even though
territory mightsubsequently be acquired by the ne-
gotiation,an " act by which territory is acquired"—
that they either expected or desired that an "unal-
terable fundamental article or provision" would
be appended to an appropriation bill, or that they
intended to mingle our domestic and our foreign
policy by ingrafting upon a bill to raise money for
negotiation, a clause for the domestic regulation
of territory vet belonging to a foreign and hostile
Power. The territory supposed to be that con-
templated, is California, which is now free; and
if it is obtained by us, it will be free until it is in
corporated by us, and cannot become slave terri-
tory without the legislation uf Congiess; and in
and by such legislation a fundamental article pro-
hibiting slavery can properly be inserted. Such
provision might, to be sure, be stipulated in a treaty
of cession; but, as it would scarcely become the
sovereignty of the United States, or of any single
State, to permit a foreign Power to interfere in our
domestic affairs, no one, itis presumed, would de-
sire to have it thus inserted, and make Mexico a
party, and enable her to control it in future. This
resolution, then, instructs us that when any terri-
tory shall be brought within our jurisdiction by the
act of Congress—whatever that act may be—to in-
sert in such an acta fundamental clause prohibiting
slavery, (and so I am ready to vote, instructed or un-
instrncted,) but not to insert it in an appropriation
hill, designed to facilitate negotiations for a peace
before the negotiation has even commenced. The res-
olution of instruction looks to any other acquisition,
as well as that contemplated by this negotiation.
The "Wilmot proviso" gamed a local habitation
and a name" at the late session, and was before
the other House when the resolutions were adopt-
ed; and if it had been intended to instruct us to
insert that, either in an army bill, or a bill to aid
negotiation, language would doubtless have been
employed both plain and unequivocal. We are
instructed to exact indemnity, too; but no one can
suppose the legislature intended we should insist
that, a "proviso" for such exaction should be in-
' serted in a bill designed to facilitate negotiation.
But, sir, if I could have doubted what was the
fair construction of these resolutions, I should have
i remembered that they emanated from that great
State which, in all that concerns the interests and
honor of its country, is animated by the spirit of
the lamented Tompkins; from the representa-
tives of a people who will present no impediments
to a vigorous and thorough prosecution of the war,
who will justify their Senators in the exercise of a
just discretion, in sustaining the Government "in
all proper measures," and who will demand that
| the black and bitter waters of domestic agitation
i be not, under any pretence, unnecessarily mingled
| with matters which deeply concern our external
| condition, and may produce results which will, in
i an evil moment, dim the lustre which has been
i hed upon our name.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, rose and said:
Before the sense of the Senate is taken upon this
measure, I rise to state, very succinctly, the rea-
sons for my vote. I am opposed to any clause
| prohibiting slavery m territory which may be ac-
j quired by the United States; but my opposition is
I exclusively founded upon constitutional grounds.
It is too late to argue it. I can only state my
opinion. I think it apparent, from the general
spirit of the Constitution, that the States were in-
tended to be, at all times, equal, and in all things
equal; that the equality was not designed to be
broken in upon in regard to territory which might*
thereafter become the property of the United States
by their common efforts and common means. I
hold it to be clear that if a clause like this is in-
serted, the citizens of the States where slavery
exists will be practically excluded from settling, in
any way, in territory which may become ours
under this bill. In my opinion, that effect is as
certain and absolute as if they were, in terms, ex-
cluded. If slavery can be permanently prohibited,
so that the prohibition will be binding on the States
to be formed out of it after they are admitted into
the Union, then slavery, by an opposite provision,
could in like manner be permanently provided for
and established. Such a proposition as the latter
would, I think, receive favor from no quarter; and
yet, in my judgment, the question of power is
identical. To prohibit slavery, and to establish
slavery, are but the opposite exertion of the same
power. I can vote for neither.
Having expressed this opinion, it is due to my-
self, and to convictions long and unalterably fixed,
to state the opinion I entertain upon the institution
of slavery itself. I have no opinion which I wish
to conceal upon any question, whether it arises
prematurely or not, if it does arise. I believe, and
have ever believed, since I was capable of thought,
that it is a great affliction to any country where it
prevails; and, so believing, I can never vote for
any measure calculated to enlarge its area, or to
render more permanent its duration. In some
latitudes, and for some agricultural staples, slave
labor may be, to the master, the most valuable
species of labor, though this I greatly doubt. In
others, and particularly in my own State, I am
convinced that it is the very dearest species 'of
labor, and in all, as far as national wealth and
power, and happiness are concerned, I am per-
suaded it admits of no comparison with the labor
of freemen—and, above all, disguise it as we may,
if the laws of population shall not be changed by
Providence, or man Vnature shall not be changed,
it is an institution, sooner or later, pregnant with
fearful peril. It is unnecessary, and would be
improper to enlarge on such a topic. In my own
State, sir, I am satisfied that, but for the move-
ments of political abolitionists, slavery would
scarcely now have existed. The current of public
j opinion was all setting towards its gradual extinc-
1 tion. Laws were passed to encourage and facilitate
manumission, but these movements have changed
this opinion,and caused laws to be modified, almost
to the prohibition of freedom. The opinion I hold
upon this institution is not now for the fust time
formed or expressed by a southern man. The
history of our country proves this. At the period of
the Declaration of our Independence—at the period
j of the adoption of the Constitution—there was but
one sentiment upon the subject amongst enlight-
ened southern statesmen. What I have said was,
on every proper occasion, more forcibly said by
them, and, as foremost amongst them, by Mr. Jef-
ferson and Mr. Madison, and, as far as I know,
their opinion was ever unchanged. I do most
earnestly hope, therefore, and i believe, that if the
South is left to itself—if the North does not inter-
fere with us—before a century shall have passed,
slavery will cease to exist by gradual and peaceful
emancipation, and, as its consequence, by mcreas-
; ing, instead of diminishing, the wealth and power
of the States where it now prevails.
After having said this much, it is hardly neo.es-
; sary to say that I differ with the honorable Senator
! from South Carolina as to the conservative infiu-
; ence of slavery upon our free political institutions,
j I do not hold with him, that they depend in any
I degree upon the existence of slavery. If I did, I
' should value them infinitely less than I do. In my
I judgment, they rest upon the virtueand intelligence
1 of the people, and have their firmest suppoit in
1 the blessings which they impart. But, sir, this is
| a question for southern men exclusively. We
! will admit no interference with our constitutional
| rights. Whatever northern men may think, the
j South is as eminent for morality, religion, and pa-
| tnotism, as any part of the civilized globe. Not a
; battle-field of the Revolution; not a conflict which
; has since occurred; not a struggle now going on,
| which is not illustrated by southern valor. Such
. men will submit to no dishonor—no degradation
; will they suffer; and my word for it, the inequality
; of such a clause as this will be so esteemed and
; resisted at every hazard. I repeat, then, as you
j love the Union—as you value our social relations
j —as you value peace—as you value the cause of
| constitutional freedom—as you deprecate civil war
: and all the manifold calamities which ever follow
I in its train—let us be as we are. Keep out this
j fearful element of eternal strife—keep out terri-
I tory. That done, the present war will soon be
; brought to a close, and peace and prosperity be
i restored to the land.
j Mr. CILLEY rose to speak amidst expressions
' of impatience. He said he should vote for this
