1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
proviso, not being desirous to acquire any addi-
tional slave territory, and when the bill-came up,
he should vote against it, if such a provision was
not contained in it.
[Cries of "Question."]
The question on the additional section was then
taken by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atheiton, Cameron, Cilley, John
M. Clayton, Coi win, Davis, Dayton, I>ix, Evans, Fairfield.
Greene, Huntington, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Simmons, Stur-
geon, Upham, Webster, and Woodbiidge—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Bag-
by, Benton, Berrien, Breese, Blight, Butler, Calhoun, Cass,
Chalmers, Colquitt, Crittenden, Dickinson, Hamiegau,
Houston, Jarnasjm, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Lewis, Mangum, Masrn, Morehead, Pearce, Rusk,
Sevier, Soule, Turuey, and Wes:cott—-31.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson was adopted.
There being no other amendment, the bill was
reported to the Senate.
And the amendment made in committee was
concurred in.
Mr. WEBSTER said: If my health had been
better, and more time had remained to us, it was
my purpose to address the Senate on the bill before
it, and also on several topics with which it is con-
nected. This purpose, under existing circumstan-
ces, I must necessarily forego. The true oi igin of
the war with Mexico, and the motives and pur-
poses for which it was originally commenced, how-
ever ably discussed already, are subjects not yet
exhausted. I have been particularly desirous of
examining them. I am greatly deceived, Mr. Pres-
ident, if we shall not ere long see facts coming to
the light, and circumstances found coinciding and
concurring, which shall fix on the Executive Gov-
ernment a more definite and distinct purpose, in-
tended to be effected with the cooperation of oth-
ers, in biinging on hostilities with Mcxico, than
has as yet been clearly developed or fully under-
stood.
At present, I should hardly have risen but to
lay before the Senate the resolutions of the House
of Representatives of Massachusetts, adopted on
Thursday last. We have a great deal of com-
mentary and criticism on State resolutions brought
here. Those of Michigan, particularly, have been
very sharply and narrowly looked into, to see
whether they really mean what they seem to mean.
These resolutions of Massachusetts I hope are
sufficiently distinct and decided. They admit of
neither doubt nor cavil, even if doubt or cavil were
permissible in such acase. What the Legislature
of Massachusetts thinks, it has said, and said
plainly and directly. Mr. President, I have not,
before any tribunal, tried my ingenuity at what the
lawyers call a special demurrer for many years;
and I never tried it here in the Senate. In the busi-
ness of legislation, and especially m considering
State resolutions and the proceedings of public as-
semblies, it is our duty, of course, to understand
everything according to the common meaning of
the words used. Of all occasions, these are the
last in which one should stick in the bark, or seek
for loop holes, or means of escape; or, in the lan-
guage of an eminent judge of former times, " hitch
and hang on pins and particles." We must take
the substance fairly and as it is, and not hesitate
about forms and phrases. When public bodies
address us, whether we comply with their wishes
or not, we are at least bound to understand them
as they mean to be undeistood; to seek for no sub-
terfuges, and to rely on no farfetched and subtle
difficulties or exceptions. All such attempts will
be justly regarded only as so many contrivances,
resorted to to get rid of the responsibility of meet-
ing the public voice directly and manfully, and
looking our constituents boldly in the face.
Sir, we are in the midst of a war, not waged at
home in defence of our soil, but waged a thousand
miles off, and in the heart of the territories of an-
other Government. Of that war no one yet sees
the end, and no one counts the cost. It is not
denied that this war is now prosecuted for the
acquisition of territory; at least if any deny it,
others admit it, and all know it to be true.
Under these circumstances, and plainly seeing
this purpose to exist, seven or eight of the free
States, comprising some of the largest, have re-
monstrated against the prosecution of the war for
such a purpose, in language suited to express their
meaning. These remonstrances come here with
the distinct and precise objectof dissuading us from
the further prosecution of the war for the acquisi-
tion of territory by conquest. Befoie territory is
actually obtained, and its future character fixed,
they beseech us to give up an object so full of
danger. One and all, they protest against the ex-
tension of slave territory; one and all, they regard
it as the solemn duty of the representatives of the
free. States to take security in advance that no more
slave States shall be added to the Union. They
demand of us this pledge, this assurance, before
the purchase money is paid or the bargain con-
cluded. And yet, Mr. President, ingenuity has
been taxed to its utmost; criticisms, both deep and
shallow, and hypercriticisms quite incomprehensi-
ble, have all been resorted to, in the hope of show-
ing that we do not understand the people; that
their resolutions are not what they seem to be;
that they do not require any immediate movement
or present opposition; that they only look to some
distant future, some emergencies yet to arise; that
they only refer to a disposition in regard to terri-
tory, after it shall have been acquired and settled;
and m one instance, I think it was said that it did
not appear that anything was required of us for
fifty years to come.
Mr. President, I understand all these things very
diilbiently. Such is not the voice of the free States,
and of other States, as I receive it. Their trumpet
gives forth no unceitam sound. Its ton«s arc clear
and distinct. I understand that a loud and imper-
ative call is made upon us to act now; to take se-
curities now; to make it certain now that no more
slave States shall ever be added to this Union.
I will read, sir, the Massachusetts resolutions:
"Resolved, unanimously, That the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts views the existence of human" slavery within the
limits of the United States a?* a great calamity—an immense
moral and political evil, which ought to be abolished as soon
that end can he properly and constitutionally attained ; and
that its extension should be uniformly and earnestly opposed
by all good and patriotic men throughout the Union.
" Rc$olved} unanimously, That the people of Massachu-
setts will strenuously resist the annexation of any new ter-
ritory to this Union, in which the institution of slavery is to
he tolerated or established; and the Legislature, in behalf
of the people of this Commonwealth, do hereby solemnly
protest against the acquisition of any additional teiriiory,
without an express provision by Congress that there shall
he neither slavery nor mvoluntaiy servitude in such teni-
tory, otherwise than for the punishment ol crane."
Sir, is there any possibility of misunderstanding
this ? Is there any escape from the meaning of this
language? And yet they are hardly more explicit
than the resolutions of other Legislatures—Michi-
gan, New York, Vermont, and all the rest.
The House of Representatives of Massachu-
setts is, I believe, the most numerous legislative
body in the country. On this occasion it was not
full; but among those present there was an entire
unanimity. For the resolutions, there were two
hundred and thirty-two votes; against them, none.
Not one man stood up to justify the war upon
such grounds as those upon which it has been,
from day to day, defended here. Massachusetts,
without one dissenting voice—and I thank her for
it, and am proud of her for it—has denounced the
whole object for which our armies are now tra-
versing the mountains of Mexico, or about to
plunge into the pestilence of her coasts. The peo-
ple of Massachusetts are as unanimous as the
members of their Legislature, and so are her repre- |
sentatives here. I have heard no man in the State,
in public or in private life, express a different ;
opinion. If anything is certain that the sentiment
of the whole North is utterly opposed to the acqui-
sition of territory to be formed into new slavehold-
ing States, and, as such, admitted into the Union.
But here, sir, I cannot but pause. Iam arrested
by occurrences of this night which, I confess, fill ,
me with alarm. They are ominous, portentous. ;
Votes which have been just passed by majorities
here, cannot fail to arrest public attention. Every 1
patriotic American, every man who wishes to
preserve the Constitution, ought to ponder them
well. I heard, sir, the honorable member from
New York, [Mr. Dix,] and with a gieat part ,
of his remarks I agreed; I thought they must lead
to some useful result. But, then, what does he
come to, after all ? He is for acquiring territory
under the Wilmot proviso; but, at any rate, he is
for acquiring territory. Fie will not vote against
all territory to form new States, though he is wil-
ling to say they ought not to be slave States. Other
gentlemen of his party, from the northern and east-
ern States, vote in the same way and with the same
view. This is called " the policy of the northern
Democracy." I so denominate the party only be-
cause it so denominates itself. A gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] if I understood him
rightly, said he wanted no new territory: all he
desired was equality, and no exclusion; he wished
the South to be saved from anything derogatory,
and yet he does not vote against the acquisition of
territory. Nor do other Senators from southern
States. They are, therefore, in general, in favor
of new territory and new States being slave States.
This is the policy of the southern Democracy.
Both parties agree, therefore, to carry on the war
for territory, though it be not decided now wheth-
er the character of new acquired territory shall be
that of freedom or of slavery. This point they
are willing to leave for future agitation and future
controversy. Gentlemen who are in favor of the
WihmH proviso are ready, nevertheless, to vote
for this bill; though that proviso be struck out.
The gentleman from New York is ready for that,
and his northern and eastern friends, who sit
round him here in the Senate, are as ready as he
is. They all demand acquisition, and maintain
the war for that purpose. On the other hand, the
other branch of the party votes eagerly and uni-
tedly for territory, the Wilmot proviso being re-
jected, because these gentlemen take it for grant-
ed, that that proviso being rejected, States formed
out of Mexico will necessarily Idc slave States, and
added to this Union as such.
Now, sir, it has appeared to me from the begin-
ning that the proposition contained in the amend-
ment which was submitted some days ago, by my
friend the honorable member from Georgia, is the
true and the only true policy for us to pursue.
That resolution was in these words:
"Provided, always, And it js hereby declared to be the true
intent and meaning of Congress in making this appropua-
tion, that the war with Mexico oujht not to bepiosecuted bv
this Government with any view to the dismemberment of
that republic, or to ihe acquisition by conquest of any poi-
tion ol her reiritory; that this Government ever desires to
maintain and preserve peaceful and friendly relations with
all nations; and, paiticnlarly with the nei^hboung republic
ot Mexico, will always be ready to enter into negotiation^,
with a view to terminate the present unhappy conflict on
term* which shrill sceuie the just lights and preserve invio-
late the national honor of (he United States and of Mexico;
that it is especially desirable, in <m1er to maintain and pre-
seive thwse amicable relations which ouuht always to exist
between neighboring republic*, that the bmndaiy ot the
Suite ot Texas, should bo definitively settled, and thatpio-
vision bo made bv the lepubhc of Mexico lor the prompt
and equitable settlement of the just claims of our citizens
on that republic.''
This amendment rejects all desire for the dis-
memberment of Mexico; it rejects acquisition of
territory by conquest; it signifies a wish for the
restoration of peace, and a readiness on our part to
enter into negotiations, and to treat, not only for
peace, but also for boundaries and indemnities.
This amendment has been rejected; and now I come
to the point: Who has rejected it? By whose votes
has this amendment, this very evening, been lost?
Sir, it has been lost by the votes of the honorable
member from New York and his northern and east-
ern friends. It has been voted down by the " north-
ern Democracy.'' If this " northern Democracy3'
had supported this amendment, it would have pre-
vailed, and we should then have had no new terri-
tory at all, and of course no new sla\e territory;
no new States at all, and of course no new slave
States. This is certain and indisputable. If the
Senate had said what that resolution proposes, the
danger would have been over. But these gentle-
men would not vote for it. To a man, they voted
against it. Every member of the Senate belong-
ing to the party in the northern States, however
warmly they may have declared themselves against
new slave States, yet refused to vote against all ter-
ritorial acquisition—a measure proposed and offer-
ed to them as a perfect security against more slave
States. They are for acquiring teintory; they are
for more States: and, for the sake of this, they are
willing to run the risk of these new States being
slave States, and to meet all the convulsions which
the discussion of that momentous question may
hereafter produce. Sir, if there be wisdom, or pru-
dencc, or consistency, sound policy, or comprehen-
sive foresight in all this, I cannot see it.
The amendment of the honorable member from
Georgia was supported by the votes of twenty-
four members of the Senate. Twenty-nine mem-
bers voted against it. Of these twenty-nine, there
were six gentlemen representing northern and
eastern States, viz: one from Maine, one from
New Hampshire, one from Connecticut, two from
New York, and one from Pennsylvania. If these
six members had voted for the resolution, they
would have turned the majority, and there would,
from that moment, have been no apprehension of
