£46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
n€w Slavs territory -or new slave States. Against
the resolution, also, we heard the voices of five
members from -the free States in the Northwest,
Viz-t one from Ohio, two ffom Indiana, one from
Michigan, and one from Illinois.
So it is evident that, if all the Senators from the
free States facd ■voted for this amendment, and
against the acquisition of territory, stich acquisition
would have been denounced, in advance, by nearly
two-fchirds of the whole Senate, and the question
off more stave States settled forever. For, let me
say to you, sir, and to the country, that whenever
litis question is settled, it must be settled in the
Senate. It might have been settled here this night,
and settled finally afvd forever.
Mr. President, I arraign no men and no parties.
I take no judgment into my own hands. But I
present this simple statement of facts and conse-
quences t-o the country; and ask for it, humbly
but most earnestly, the serious consideration of the
people. Shall we prosecute this war for the pur-
pose of bringing on a controversy which*is likely
to shake the Government to its centre ?
And now, sir, who are the twenty-four mem-
bers who supported the amendment of the mem-
ber from Georgia? They are the Whigs of the
Senate; Whigs from the North and the South, the
East and the West. In their judgment it is due
to the best interests ofthe country, to its safety, to
peace and harmony, and to the well-being of the
Constitution, to declare at once, to proclaim now,
that we desire no new States, nor territory to form
new States out of, as the end of conquest. For
one, I enter into this declaration with all my heart.
We want no extension of territory; we want no
accession of new States. The country is already
Urge enough. I do not speak of any cession
which may be made in the establishment of
boundaries, or of the acquisition of a port or two
on the Pacific, for the benefit of navigation and
commerce. But I speak of large territories, ob-
tained by conquest, to form States to be annexed
to the Union; and I say I am opposed to such ac-
quisition altogether. I am opposed to the prose-
cution of the war for any such purposes.
Mr.President, I must be indulged here in a short
retrospection. In the present posture of things and
of parties, we may well look back upon the past.
Within a year or two after Texas had achieved its
independence, there were those who already spoke
of its annexation to the United States. Against
that project, I felt it to be my duty to take an early
and a decided course. Having occasion to address
political friends in the city of New York m March,
1837, I expressed my .sentiments as fully and as
strongly as I could. From those opinions J have
never swerved. From the first I saw nothing, and
have seen nothing, but evil and danger to arise to
the country from such annexation. The prudence
of Mr. Van Buren stifled the project for a time;
but in the latter part of the Administration of Mr.
Tyler, it was revived. Sir, the transactions and
occurrences from that time onward, till the meas-
ure was finally consummated in December, 1845,
are matters of history and record. That history
and that record can neither be falsified nor erased.
There they stand, and must stand forever; and they
proclaim to the whole world, and to all ages, that
Texas was brought into this Union, slavery and
all, only by means of the aid and active coopera-
tion of those who now call fhemselves'the " north-
ern Democracy" of the United States; in other
words, by those who assert their own right to be
regarded as nearest and dearest to the people among
all the public men of the country. Where was the
honorable member from New York, where were
his northern and eastern friends, when Texas was
pressing to get into the Union, bringing slaves
and slavery with her? Where were they, I ask?
Were they standing up like men against slaves
and slavery ? Was the annexation of a new slave
State an object which "northern Democracy1'
opposed, or from which it averted its eyes with
horror! Sir, the gentleman from New York
and his friends were consulting and assisting, aid-
ing and abetting, the whole proceeding. Some of
them were voting heie as eagerly as if the salva-
tion of the country depended on bringing in an-
other slave State. Others of us from the North
opposed it as far as we could. We remonstrated,
we protested, we voted; but the " northern De-
mociacy" helped to out-vote us, to defeat us, to
overwhelm us. And they accomplished their pur-
pose. Nay, more. The party in the North which
calls itself, by way of di^tifrction arrd eminence,
the u Liberty Party," oppo'sed, with all its force,
the election of the Whig candidate in 1844, when
it had the power of assisting in and securing the
election of that candidate, and of preventing Mr.
Polk's election; and when it was as clear ami visi-
ble as the sun at noonday that Mr. Polk's elec-
tion would bring slaveholding Texas into the
Union. No man can deny this. And in the party
of this " northern Democracy," and in this "Lib-
erty Party," too, probably are those, at this mo-
ment, who profess themselves ready to meet all
the consequences, to stand the chance of all con-
vulsions, to see the fountains of the great tleep
broken up, rather than that new slave States
should be added to the Union; but who, neverthe-
less, will not join with u3 in a declaration against
new States of any character, thereby shutting the
door forever against the further admission of
slavery.
Here, sir, is a chapter of political inconsistency
which demands the consideration of the country,
and is not unlikely to attract the attention- of the
age. If it be anything but party attachment, car-
ried, recklessly, to every extent, and party anti-
pathy maddened into insanity, I know not how to
describe it.
Sir, I fear we are not yet arrived at the begin-
ning of the end. 1 pretend to see but little of the
future, and that little gives no gratification. AU I
can scan is contention, strife, and agitation. Be-
fore we obtain perfect right to conquered territory,
there must be a cession. A cession can only be
made by treaty. No treaty can pass the Senate,
till the Constitution is overthrown, without the
consent of two-thirds of its members. Now, who
can shut his eyes to the great probability of a suc-
cessful resistance to any treaty of cession, from
one quarter of the Senate or another ? Will the
North consent to a treaty bringing m territory sub-
ject to slavery ? Will the South consent to a treaty
bringing in territory from which slavery is exclu-
ded i Sir, the future is full of difficulties and full
of dangers. We are suffering to pass the golden
opportunity for securing harmony and the stability
of the Constitution. We appear to me to be rush-
ing upon perils headlong, and with our eyes all
open. But 1 put my trust in Providence, and m
that good sense and patriotism of the people, which
will yet, I hope, arouse themselves before it is too
late.
Mr. ARCHERsaid the bill had assumed the form
which it bore at the last session, when he expressed
himself to be favorable to us passage ; and it might
well he the subject of inquiry why he should not
support it now. His reasons could be given in a
few wotds. Last year, though the same phraseol-
ogy was employed as m the bill now under con-
sideration, the purpose was reputed to be to settle
our boundary according to what then was assumed
to be our limit, and Me money was not to be em-
ployed for ulterior objects. Pie was opposed to the
acquisition of one inch of Mexican territory be-
yond what was necessary to define our boundary.
We should sustain and defend rather than despoil
a sister republic. There were no republics but
those on this continent, not one of which but re-
quired support to enable it to maintain free institu-
tions. But if we despoil a sister republic, what
sentiment did they suppose would be infused m the
heart of every other republic in America? They
would be induced to guard against the republic of
the United States either by a military dictatorship or
by a monarchy, as Paredes had attempted in Mexi-
co, and as had been attempted in some of the South
American republics. The necessity of self-preser-
vation would drive them to such a course to secure
them from being despoiled hy us.
But there was another view that was just as ab-
solutely imperative on his mind as that at which
he had only just glanced. It was the introduction
of the slave question, which would come up with
the acquisition of new territory. Had they, he
inquired, become absolutely insane with this rabid
appetite for territorial acquisition ? What was the
superficial extent of the United States? Had gen-
! tlcmen passed their minds over it ? Did any man
! suppose that there would be no difficulty in carrying
• out this problem of a free Government without fur-'
, ther acquisition, a3 our population increased? The
j House of Representatives, now with two hundred
j and twenty-eight members, found it necessary to
I adopt the "one-hour rule" in debate; but when we
! become a population of one hundred millions, as it
h&d been calculated we sooti should, it would be
lifecessafy to adopt a "minute rule," and theft
everything would be done Out of doors—nothing
more than the mere forms of deliberation remain-
ing; and we shall become the most corrupt Gov-
ernment ever seen in the world. And did any man
doubt, if they passed this appropriation, that the
struggle on the question of slavery would come?
Let honorable Senators read the resolutions which
have already been presented from eight or nine
States of this Union, expressing their inflexible
purpose to exclude slavery from all territory that
may hereafter be acquired. And he had informa*
tion that resolutions had passed one branch of the
Legislature of Virginia, and were expected to pass
the other, in which language was used which show-
ed that the people of his State were prepared for
resistance to the determination of the free States*
It was evident, then, that the passage of this bill
would minister to the dissensions of the States, and
if they were to subscribe a paper, declaring their
purpose to be to produce such a calamity, it would
not be more apparent than by the passage of this
bill. It was lamentable to think of the consequen-
ces to result, which would be either the Overthrow
of this Union, or the infusion into the veins of the
body politic a poison that would make it unworthy
of preservation.
The question was then taken, and it resulted
thus:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Bright, Butter, Calhoun, Ca«f. fJha!*
mers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Hous-
ton, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Ma on, Nile-, Rusk,
Seviov, Soui<$, Sturgeon, Tuiney, Westcott, and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Cameion,€il-
ley, John M Clavton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland,
Mangutn, Miller, Morehead, Pearoe, Phelps, Simmons, Up-
ham," Wob-ter, and Woodbridge—-24.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The Senate adjourned at twenty minutes past one
o'clock a. m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 1, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday having been read—
Mr. ELLETT rose and said, that when the vote
was taken on the substitute for the revenue bill, he
was present in the Hall, and had voted in the neg-
ative, but found that his vote was not recorded.
He moved that the Journal be amended accord-
ingly.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Speaker whether
the gentleman's vote, if recorded, would make any
difference in the result?
The SPEAKER said that that question was not
pertinent to the matter before the House. The
only question was, whether the gentleman had a
right to vote or not. If so, under the uniform prac-
tice ofthe House, his vote must be recorded.
The question being then taken on the motion of
Mr. Garrett Davis, and decided in the affirma-
tive, acall ofthe House was ordered.
And, the roll having been called, 141 members
answered to their names.
And the names of the absentees having been
called, 172 members appeared to bo present.
When, on motion of Mr. JNORRliS, all further
proceedings on the call were dispensed with.
The SPEAKER then stated the question,
And Mr, ELLETT voted.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose and said that a simi-
lar omission had been made in the case of Mr. Ei>~
sall; that gentleman having voted in the affirma-
tive on the said substitute.
Mr. EDSALL confirmed the statement.
The correction was ordered.
The SPEAKER said the question would be thus
left precisely where it was on Saturday.
Mr. DOUGLASS said, that in the report as given
in the Union, he was represented as having voted
on that question both in the affirmative and nega-
tive. Now, he was quite sure he had no right to
give more than one vote, and he had given that ift
the negative.
The CHAIR replied, that on the Journal of the
House he was so recorded.
.1 GENERAL APPROPRIATION
j A message was received from the Senate, an*
l nouncing that that body had passed the " Bill
! making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
