IMt.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5S1
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30} 1847, and for other purposes," with
amendments; which bill an<l amendments, on mo-
tion of
Mr. McKAY, were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House proceed-
ed to the consideration of business ©n the Speaker's
table, when the naval pension bill and the Post
Office appropriation bill, with the amendments of
the Senate thereto, were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1848, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto^ when it was
Resolved, That the Houtc do insist on its disagreement to
the hintiudmujits to the *aid bill, numbe/ed thiee, twelve,
and thi'tecii, and insist upon its amendments to the said
amendments of the Senate, numbered one, two, and Jive,
and a«?k a coxjfereitce upon the said disagreeing votes of the
two Houses. ' ;
And Messrs. McKay, Benton, and Sciie.vck, 1
were appointed managers at said conference on. the i
part of the House. \
INCREASE OF THE MARINE CORPS. ;
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
" Bill for the increase of the marine corps of the
United States," with the Senate amendments there-
to; when the said amendments were concurred in.
JOHN PAUL JONES.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
" Bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones,"
with the amendments of the Senate thereto; which
amendments were read, when
Mr. HUNGJ2IIFORD moved that the said bill
and amendments be laid upon the table; and, the
question being put, was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was laid on the table.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1848, was taken up; when—
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was
Resolved, That the House do insist- upon their
disagreement to the said amendments of the Sen-
ate to said bill, and agree to the confeicnce asked
by- the Senate.
Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bovi>, and Mr. Caleb
B> Smith, of the conference, were appointed as the
managers, on the part of the Bouse.
RELIEF FOR IRELAND.
The (Senate) "Act to provide some relief for the
suffering people of Ireland," was read twice.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT asked for its im-
mediate consideration.
Mr. G-. W. JONES moved that it be Jaid upon
the tabic; upon which motion the yeas and nays
were demanded and ordered; and, being taken,
resulted—yeas 75, nays 79.
YEAS—JVIessis. John Q,. Adding Stephen Adams, Arnold,
Bnrrmjer, Bayly, Bedinger, Bell, Benton, James A. Black,
Boyd, "Bun kerlioff, William G. Brown, Burt, Augustus A.
Chapman, E"iiben Chapman, Chus«, Cobb, Cooke, Cuilom,
Coliamer, Collin, Cottrell. Cranston, Cummin*, Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Diihngliatn, Dobbin, Dockoiy,E!l< tt, Ellvworth,
Fieklm, G.uvm, Gentry, Goid.m. Graham, Giover, Harman-
fion, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund W. tiuhard,
Hung- r O'd, James II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Joh«-on, GeoigeW. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Pres-
ton King, Leake,McKay, M.u.-h, J. P. Martin, Barklej Mar-
tin. Moi'ih, Moulton, Norri*, Peuiii, Peiiy, Pill&bury. R"id,
Rnetf, Ripley, Rittei, Roberts, Sawyer, Seddon, Alexander
Sims. Leonatd II. Suns, Simpson, St-ukweathei, Thi-
bodaux, Jacob Thompson, Trudway, WiJmot, and VVood-
ward®-7.3.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, A^hmun, James Black, Brod-
heau, Can oil. Cdthcart, Joi<n G. Chapman, Crozici, JDai^an'
D.inagh, Garrett Davit, Diaoh, l>on<rla<s Dunlap, T?d-all,
Erdmari, John H. Swing, Foot, Giles, Goodveai, Gttnneil,
Hale, fl.nnlui, Haiper, ilas«nsrs> Henley, Henry, Eha  B.
Holme.-, Sanmt 1 D Httbbatd, IlmUon, Wa-hinuton Hunt,
Charier J. Imjeiso)], Joseph R. Inseisoll, Jenkins. Daniel
P-. Kinu;, La Sere, Lewis, Long, Mac-lav, M-eClean, McClel-
land, McCiate, Joseph J« McPsuvell, McGau^hev, McHenry,
Mcl4vain , Mor.-e, Mo>oio\, Newton, Niven, Panish, Pol-
lock. Rnm>ev, Reife, Jubits Rockwell, John A Rockwell,
Root, Rntik,'riisb<-Ii. Seammon, Sclienek, Seveiance, Tru-
man .Smith, Albert Smith, Thoma* Smith, Caleb B Smith,
Stanton, Slew art, Strohm, Thoma=son, Benjamin. Thomp-
son, J.imes Thompson, Tibbatts, Vinton, Wentwoxth, White,
Williams, Wi nth rap, and Wnght—7H.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr.. LEVIN moved that the. said bill he-referased
to the Committee of Ways, and Means* with th&
following instructions:
« Whereas, the ftrogpaod tolie^fer belaud, cannot, ©yen
apply an emollient to the evil, and is designed to afford food
for party vultuies to feed upon, rather than bread for the
starving people of It eland :
u And whereas the people of the United States themselves
are contributing m the rno^-t liberal maimer to afford that aid
which the Congress of the United States cannot constitu-
tionally grant:
"And whereas there are thousands of ^American poor,
who are excluded from the benefit of American almshouses
and pooiliou'ses because of the influx of foreign paupeis and
criminals will now fill them to overflowing:
" And whereas the American poor have claims upon 1
the American Government equal to those m a foreign land:
Therefore,
" Be it enactvd. That the like sum of five hundred thou-
sand dollars be and the same is hereby appropriated, out of
any moneys in the treasuiy not otherwise appropriated, for
the purchase of fuel and' flour, for th*> benefit of tuch Amcu-
can poor as mav be found in a state of distress, and the
President of the United States is hereby directed to distribute
the same in such manner and in such proportion as he may
deem expedient."
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to refer
with these instructions was not in order.
Mr. LEVIN appealed from this decision.
And the question being put, u Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CARROLL moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, with in-
structions to repoit the same forthwith.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT moved to com-
mit the bill to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and make it the special order of
the day for two o'clock this day, and moved the
previous question.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order.
Several points of order and inquiries were here
made; after which.—
The SPEAKER said he hftd decided the motion
of Mr. Hunt to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union out of order,
as the motion to refer to the Committee of Ways
and Means took precedence. This was an errone-
ous decision : the motion to commit to a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union took j
precedence of all other motions to refer, and the j
question would accoidingly be first put on Mr. i
Hunt's motion. j
Mr. BOYD inquired what would be the effect of
the previous question, if seconded ? !
The SPEAKER said it would bring the House ;
to a direct vote on committing the bill to the Com- ]
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. j
Tha previous question was seconded and the j
main question ordered, viz : Shall the bill be com- ;
mitted to a Committee of the Whole oil the slate of '
the Union?
It was decided in the negative : Yeas.69, nays
m.
The motion recurred on referring: the bill to the j
Committee of Ways, and Meaos—the previous j
question still operating- '
Mr. CARROLL inquired if the question on the |
amendment to the motion to refer to the Committee j
of Ways and means, viz : u with instructions to re- j
port the bill forthwith," was-not to be put? *j
The CHAIR stated it was not, as Mr. C. hod ;i
withdrawn it. j|
Mr. CARROLL said he had only withdrawn it ,<
that the motion to refer to the Committee of the jj
Whole on the state of the Union might be put. j|
The question was stated on agreeing to the mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways and >,
Means; and, being put, it was decided m the affirm- jj
aiive. . jl
So the said bill was referred to the Committee of ; j
Ways and Means. j1
Mr. WOODWORTH moved to reconsider the !|
vote by which the bill for the relief of the heirs of j
John .Paul Jones was laid on the table, and-moved'
the previous question. i,
Mr. McKAYmoved to lay the motion for. re-con- j;
sideration on the table; which motion to lay on the j;
table was decided m the negative: Yeas 85^nays 69.
The question then recurred on the motion to re- ,,
consider, and H was decided in the afhimative; n
Yeas 86, itays 79. . 'i
The question rccurrcd on concurring with the (
Senate in their amendments to the bill.
Mr. WOODWORTBmoved the previous ques- ;j
tion but the House refused to second.it. '!
Mr. GORDON and Mr. COBR made inquiries: !|
ofthe Chans which.could.noub&hea-r-d by- the; re> 'j
poster.. . . . , i'
A short debate then arose, m which- Messrs-;;
EGWLIN and. WHITE. ptanicipausL i
Mr. BOWLIN racked, to. re fen the* UilL amLj;
amendments to the- Committee of Claim#;, which
motion was agreed to.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses for the jretirending JuneSO,
1848, which had been returned from the Senate
with amendments, was taken up, and the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The bill from the Senate making appropriations
for certain fortifications for the year ending the
30ih of June, 1848, was twiee read, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Senate bill giving the consent of Congress to
an net of the General Assembly of Virginia au-
thorizing the Levy of tolls on the James river, wm<
lead fcwi'Ce.
Mr. SEDDON asked that the bill be put upcm
its passage.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES-moved- that the said
bill be referred to the Committee ofr the Judiciary.
Mr. W-K1TE moved to commit the bill. Dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to refer to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and was decided
in the negative.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of Mary
McRea, widow of Lieutenant Colonel William
McRea, was taken up, and read a first and second
time, and referred to the. Committee of the Whole.
And the bill from the Senate to provide for the
purchase of the manuscript papers of the late
James Madison was also taken up, and read'a first
and second time, and'referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WINTHROFmoved to reccwsidertfoe vote
by which the Senate bill1 for the relief of Mary
McRea, widow" of Lieutenant Colonels Willuim-
McRea, was referred to the Committee of the
Whole, in order that it mig-ht be referred to the
same committee to which the bills for the relief of
Mrs. Hamilton, widow of Alexander Hamilton,
and the bill to provide for the purchase of the man-
uscript papers of the late James Madison, were re-
ferred. The motion was agreed to, and the bill
accordingly referred.
Mr. BOWDON moved U> discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tlreUrnoH from
the consideration of the bill to remove the land
office at Lebanon, in Alabama*, to Jacksonville, in
the same State. Disagreed to.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON, by leave, from
the Committee of Ways and- MWns, to which
was referred the bill making appropriations for the
Post Office Department, together with the Senate
amendments, reported the same, with the recom-
mendation that the House concur with the Senate'
in some and disagree to other of their amendments.
Mr. H. moved to amend the first of the Sen-
ate's amendments byaddinga proviso authotizing
that postmasters whose salaries do not exceed three
hundred dollars per annum may be allowed to
frank letters written by themselves, and rcccive
letters free of postage not exceeding half an ounce
in weight; and also moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, viz: Will the House agree
to the amendment of Mr. H. to the first amend-
ment of the Senate? and it was decided in the af-
firmative.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
first amendment of the Senate as amended, and it
was agreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate was then
read and agreed to.
The third and fourth of the Senate's amend-
ments were then read and disagreed to.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the Senate bill for the relief
of the heirs and representatives of the late Robert
Sewall and a bill for the relief of James F. Sotho-
ron, reported the same without amendment.
The bills weie committed.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the sanie committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Greer; which
was read a first and second time, and committed.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON made an ineffectual at-
tempt to-go into'Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the bill authorizing an exam-'
ination of certain Mexican claims.
Mr. RATJtfJHJjN moved" to discharge the- Comv
mittee of the Whole^from tlie-consideration of the
biiJ feu? tiia? reiiof of. 3£lijafc. Wh it e. and otheis$ for
