558
THE CONGRESSldNAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the purpose of taking up and acting on the bill in
the House. Disagreed to: Ayes 83, noes 49—two-
thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House talse a re-
cess this day from half-past two to five o'clock.
Agreed to.
Mr. LEAKE asked leave to offer a resolution.
Being objected to—
Mr. L. moved a suspension of the rules; which
motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BO WLIN asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That in order to encourage, preserve, and dis-
tribute, tor general rcfer<j*ce,a full and accurate Register of
Debates, each member of this House be authorized to sub-
scribe for the same number of copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, and on the same terms and conditions,
that each member ot the Senate takes the same under the
regulations of the Senate resolution of August 7, 384b.
The resolution being objected to—
* Mr. BO WLIN moved a suspension of the rules.
The question was put, and the rules were sus-
pended.
The rules being suspended, the resolution was
received.
Mr. BO WLIN moved the previous question; and
under its operation the resolution was adopted—
yeas 78, nays 73.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote just taken, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which last motion was
agreed to.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of taking up the bill for the relief of Elijah White
and others. Disagreed to.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the Senate bill for the relief
of Thomas H. Noble, reported the same with the
following resolution;
Resolved, That Senate bill for the relief of Thomas II."
Nobl'5, and the aocoinpanyinq papers, be referred to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with mi-tructioiis that he be request-
ed to'direct the proper accounting officer to report to this
House, on the second Mond<\y of December next, all the
facts' pertaining to the case which arc in the possession of
the Treasury Department.
On motion of Mr. GORDON", the Committee of
Claims were discharged from the petition of J. W.
Nye; and it was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HOUGH, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
Senate bill to provide for transporting the mail to
Oregon, reported tho same without amendment
Committed.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on ;
Commerce, reported the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, Tint the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to cause all the Jaw* now in force relating to the commeiee
and navigation of the country, to be compiled and commu-
moated to the House at as early a day as practicable m the
next se^ion of Oon^re^s, arranged under convenient and
suitable heads; and that he also communicate, m connexion
th'^ewith, all such modifications of such laws as he may
deem essential to the public service.
Mr. McCLELLAND, by leave, presented cer-
tain resolutions from the Legislature of Michigan,
relative to the existing war with Mexico. Laid
on the table.
Mr. McC., from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill authorizing a register to be issued
to the brig Leveret; which bill was read three times
and passed.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, it was
Resolved, That the sixteenth joint rule of the two Houses
be suspended so far as respects the bill authorizing a regis-
ter to be issued to the brig Leveret.
MILITARY BILL GENERAL TAYLOR.
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the army and of volunteers, which had been'
returned from the Senate with amendments, was
taken up.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was, together with
the amendments of the Senate, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The joint resolution of thanks to General Tay-
lor, his officers and men, for their gallant conduct
in storming the city of Monterey, which had been
returned from, the Senate with amendments, was
taken up—
And, on motion of Mr. CARROLL, the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred m.
POST OFFICE BILL.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending the
30th of June, 1848, with the amendments of the
Senate thereto; when,
On motion ofMr. HUNGERFORD, it.was
Resolved, That the House do insist upon its I
amendment to the said amendments of the Senate, ]
and insist on their disagreement to sundry of the j
Senate amendments to said bill, and agree to the I
conference asked by the Senate. j
Messrs. GeorgeS. Houston, Geov W. Jones, ;
and Seaman, were then appointed managers to j
conduct said conference on the part of the House, j
MILITARY ACADEMY. |
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from tho committee of j
conference on the part of the House on the bill ma- j
king appropriations for the Military Academy for
the year ending June 30, 1848, made a report,
which was agreed to by the House.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private j
Land Claims, to which were referred Senate bills •>
for the relief of William B. Keene; for the relief |
of the heirs of Louis de la Houssaye, deceased;
and a bill confirming the claim of the heirs and
legal representatives of Pierre Dufresne to a tract
of land, reported the same without amendment.
The said bills were then severally read a third
time and passed.
Mr. MORRIS, by leave, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a joint resolution to pro-
hibit the sale at private entry of certain lands in
Cincinnati, Ohio.
After a short debate by Mr. STANTON and
Mr. FARAN, the joint resolution was then read
three times and passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to suspend the joint
rules of the two Houses of Congress to permit this
joint resolution to be sent to the Senate. Agreed to.
ELIJAH WHITE.
Mr. RATHBUN again moved to suspend the
rules, and that the House go into Committee of
the Whole,'for the purpose of taking up the Sen-
ate bill for the relief of Elijah White. Agreed to:
Ayes 80, noes 3G.
The House accordingly resolved itself into com-
mittee, and took up the bill for the relief of Elijah
White.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order.
It did not follow that because the House had sus-
pended the rules and resolved itself into commit-
tee, they must take up the bill for the relief of Eli-
jah White. The committee could take tip what
bill it pleased. It required a vote of the committee
to take up any bill.
The CHAIR, overruled Mr. Schenck's point of
order. The House had specially suspended the
rules and resolved itself into committee for the
purpose of taking up the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of
the Chair; and, after some discussion by Messrs.
SCHENCK, VINTON, CHAPMAN of Ala-
bama, and HOPKENS—
The time (half past two o'clock) having arrived,
a recess until five o'clock, P. M., was announced.
EVENING SESSION.
The appeal which was pending at the time of
recess, was further debated by Mr. GARRETT
DAVIS and Mr. COBB.
The question on the appeal was then put, and
the decision ofthe Chair sustained.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the committee
rise. Disagreed to.
The bill for the relief of Elijah White and oth-
ers, was then taken up, and the bill and accom-
panying report read.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved that the com-
mittee rise without reporting the bill. Disagreed
to: Ayes 48, noes 73.
The committee then rose and reported the bill.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved the previous
question.
Mr. ASHMUN rose to a question of order,
and asked what was the report of the chairman of
the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER said that the report was, that
the committee had had under consideration the
bill for the relief of Elijah White and others, and
had directed him to report the same to the House
without amendment.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN moved to lay the
bill on the table. Disagreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and,
under its operation, the bill was ordered to be read
a third time, and was read a third time, and passed:
Yeas 102, nays 52.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which was referred the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the army and of
volunteers, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1848, and for other purposes, with the amend-
ments ofthe Senate thereto, made a report, recom-
mending that the House agree to some and dis-
agree to other of said amendments. Committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill establishing
certain post routes, with the amendments of the
Senate thereto, was committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WINTHROP asked leave to make a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
Mr. McKAY moved that the rules be suspended
to enable Mr. Winthrop to make the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion.
Mr. McKAY then withdrew the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
The House proceeded to consider the joint reso-
lution of the House suspending the sixteenth joint
rule, so far as it related to the joint resolution to
prohibit the sale at private entry of ccrtam lands
in Cincinnati, Ohio,which had been returned from
the Senate with an amendment rescinding the said
joint rule, so far as it would operate on all bills
and joint resolutions passed this day by either
House. The amendment was agreed to.
Several executive communications were here
laid before the House by the Speaker.
LITERARY INSTITUTIONS.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, to which was referred numer-
ous memorials from the various colleges and liter-
ary institutions ofthe country, praying that books,
instruments, and apparatus imported for the use of
colleges and institutions of learning, may be ex-
empted from the payment of duty, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the same committee, to
which was referred the Senate bill to exempt cer-
tain articles imported for literary institutions from '
the payment of duty, reported the same without
amendment, and a recommendation that it do not
pas-?.
Mr. W. stated, thatalthough he was directed to
i report the bill with the recommendation thatitought
not to pass, yet a minority of three of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, of which he (Mr. W.)
was one, were in favor of the passage of the bill.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
The question was decided by yeas and nays:
Yeas 95, nays 90.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. ROOT moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table. Agreed to.
THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; which motion was agreed to. The House
accordingly resolved itself into committe •, and pro-
ceeded to consider the bill making appropriations
for the pay of the army and of volunteers, for the
year ending June 30,1848, and the amendmerfts of
the Senate to the said bill.
The first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth,
seventh, and eighth amendments of the Senate
were read and concurred in.
The ninth amendment was read; the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended that the House
disagree to the same.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON and Mr. NEWTON
expressed their hopes that the House would con-
cur with the Senate in the ninth amendment.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES opposed it.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
ninth amendment of the Senate, and decided in the
affirmative.
All the amendments of the Senate having been
acted on, the bill was laid aside.
THE POST ROUTE BILL.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the bill to estab-
