1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
Iish certain post routes, which had been returned
from the Senate with amendments, was taken up,
and the amendments of the Senate authorizing new
post routes read and concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate to this bill (a new
section) was read.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to amend the same by
striking out all thereof and inserting a substitute,
a copy of which could not be obtained.
The question was put on agreeing to Mr. Hop-
kins's amendment to the amendment of the Senate,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then agreed to.
All other of the Senate's amendments were read
and agreed to, except the amendment of the Sen-
ate authorizing letters going to and returning from
the officers and privates of the army in Mexico to
go free of postage.
Mr. HOPKINS said that he had no objection
to so much of the Senate's amendment as admit-
ted letters to go to the army free of postage, but
not to allow letters coming from the army to be
free; both because it was not necessary, and be-
cause it could not, m practice, be told what letters
came from the army, and what did not. He
moved, therefore, to strike out that portion of the
amendment which permitted letters coming from
the officers and privates to come free of postage.
Agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then agreed to.
Mr. McKLAY moved that the committee rise
and report the bills and amendments thereto acted
on. Agreed to
The committee rose and reported accordingly.
The bill making appropriations for the pay of
the army and volunteers for the year ending June
30, 1848, was then taken up, together with the
Senate's amendments thereto. The amendments
were read and severally agreed to.
The bill establishing certain post routes, to-
gether with the amendments of the Senate as
amended by the Committee of the Whole, were
taken up, read, and agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole, and take tip the
fortification bill.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS moved that the House
adjourn;\which motion prevailing,
The House, at a quarter past seven o'clock,
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 2, 1847.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the credentials of
the Hon. Henry S. Foote, elected a Senator of
the United States by the Legislature of the State
of Mississippi, for the term of six years from the
4th of March, 1847.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration, as in committee of the
whole, of the bill to amend the act of January 18,
1837, to provide for the payment of horses or
other property lost and destroyed m the military
service of the United States.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing, and was, by unanimous consent, read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill of the House
to amend the act to carry into effect in the States
of Alabama and Mississippi the existing compacts
with those States with regard to the five per cent,
fund and the school reservations, reported the same
with an amendment.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said bill, as in committee of the whole, and the
amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and,
the amendment having been concurred in, was
ordered to a third reading, and was, by unani- j
mous consent, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. EVANS, from the committee of conference,
made a report upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the bill making appropriation for I
the support of the Military Academy of the United j
States for the year ending 30th June, 1848.
The Senate concurred in the report. !
On motion by Mr. NILES, it was j
Resolved, That the Senate insist on their amend- '
men t disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and on their disagreement to the amendment of the
House to their amendment to the bill to establish
certain post-routes, and ask a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Messrs. Niles, Atchison,and Morehead, were
appointed a committee of conference on the part of
the Senate.
TRANSPORTATION TO IRELAND.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in committee of the whole,
the joint resolution authorizing the employment of
the United States ship Macedonian in transporting
provisions for the famishing poor of Ireland and
Scotland.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved to strike out the ap-
propriation of §6,000 for repairing and fitting said
vessel for sea; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAY1S moved an amendment to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to place the United
States ship Jamestown at the disposal of Captain
Robert B. Forbes, of Boston, for a like purpose.
Mr. DAVIS said that there was a contribution
waiting in the city of Boston for an opportunity for
remittance, ampunting to $60,000; and that Cap-
tain Forbes was a gentleman whose character and
ability for the purpose contemplated by his amend-
ment were well known. He hoped, theiefore, that
the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. ARCHER rejoiced as much as any man at
the spirit of liberality which had exhibited itself
throughout the country, with reference to the ca-
lamity in Ireland. But he could not consent, as a
member of the Senate, to contribute on our part in
the mode prescribed in this resolution. These pub-
lic vessels cost a great deal of money; and he was
apprehensive that they could not be committed to
private hands without incurring great risk of loss ,
to the country. The gentlemen to whom we pro-
posed to give this trust, might be well qualified for
the task, and the public property might be safe in j
their hands. But how weie we to be satisfied on I
this point? Was the fact to be considered as suffi- /
ciently established in the mere word of a Senator j]
on this floor ? Suppose that the persons in com- !
mand should be guilty of any outrageous abuse of |i
the vessel, was there any remedy? If a public ofii-
ccr were sent out, the Government would know
where to look for the responsibility. In case of
the loss of the vessel, might not the person in com-
mand shield himself from the consequences, with-
out even attempting to disavow his want of care or
skill? Why not send one of our own officers ? We
might as readily do this as lend a ship. Why
send a public/vessel"^ and leave on shore the offi-
cers and men belonging to her, and commit the
ship to a private individual? It was a course with-
out precedent, and held out a dangerous example
for the future. He hoped that the resolution would
be rejected, and we should then send out a public
vessel manned by officers and men belonging to
the United States.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, that as far as he could
understand, the Senator from Virginia having been
very indistinctly heard, the main objection of that
Senator was, that the vessel would pass out of the
hands of the Government. But it was impossible
at this moment to devise any other mode. The
fact was that all the officers and men in our navy
were wanted. Recruiting was going on daily, but
men enough could not be raised to supply the wants
of the service. Officers could not be obtained, be- jj
cause they would be unwilling to turn their backs l
on the war. They would be reluctant to go on a ,j
voyage in any other direction than that which con- j|
ducted to hazardous enterprise, and the prospect of jj
glory. It was asked how we could be assured of j
the safety of the public vessels in private hands? j;
He thought the evidence before the Senate was jj
sufficient "to putdown any apprehensions. But he ,j
had yet more testimony. He had the recommen- jj
dations of the most respectable citizens of New ji
York m favor of Captain DeKay. The names i;
signed to these recommendations were those of the |
ex-collector of the poit, the mayor of the city, and .j
others, than which there were not more rcspecta- j;
ble names in that city, none in which Congress j'
could be disposed to place more confidence. We j
mio-ht then be satisfied with this security. There f
was a letter from Mr. Pickett, our late charge at 1
Peru, who states that he had executed a treaty by |
which Captain DeKav was entitled to §80,000 from |
the Government. We have this sum in our hands. !
There could be no apprehension of danger, the
act of God only excepted. Captain Forbes was
also known to be a gallant officer, perfectly trust-
worthy, and admirably qualified to take command
of a vessel.
Mr. MILLER said that many of the citizens
of New Jersey had contributed liberally, and were
desirous to obtain a national vessel to carry out
their bounty. In New York private vessels had
become scarce, and freights were very high; and
to search after a proper vessel, would consume
much time. A public vessel was now lying at the
Navy Yard, which was not fit for war service.
The Secretary had said that he did not want this
vessel. The person named to command her, was
of high character, trustworthy, and .looked for no
recompense. The only objection seemed to be to
the placing of a public ship under the control of a
private individual; and it was said there was no
precedent for such a course. The occasion was
also without precedent. If we could lend a vessel
to carry out grain, we could, with the same pro-
priety, lend a ship to a competent man to carry it
out. The ship was asked for, and it was a matter
of little consequence whether she was carried out
by a private individual of known character, or a
public officer. The Macedonian would he very
happily selected. She came here from England
loaded with instruments designed for our destruc-
tion, and we send her back freighted with supplies
of food for her starving people. " Cast your
bread on the waters, and after many days it shall
be found." The breezes of Heaven would favor
her course, and waft her to her destination.
Mr. WEBSTER said he was disposed to favor
the general object of this resolution. But he felt
a slight difficulty wh" 1 he was desirous to have
removed. He was at a joss to know in what par-
ticular character this vessel could proceed on her
voyage. He could not see how, as a private ves-
sel, she could go without a register; or, if she
carried the authority of a national ship, how she
could be sent under private command. He de-
sired to know if she could be invested with any
chatacter by which she would be admitted into an
Irish or English port? She would be a sort of an
anomaly on the water. If this objection could be
removed, and he could see that the vessel was to
go m any known character, he would be satisfied.
He would prefer that she should be under the
command of a naval officer. And such an officer
might easily be found. He was aware that our
officers were anxious to go in another direction,
and if it led them to where there would be a little
fighting, they would Jilj:e it the better. The officer
named for the Macedonian was quite trustworthy
and competent; and so, al«o, was Captain Forbes,
who had great experience in the service.
Mr. DAVIS supposed that if the Government
gave the commander a sealed letter, it might be
sufficient. To avoid the difficulty, however, he
moved an amendment to meet the case, authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to despatch said vessels
upon the service as public ships, if he shall be of
the opinion that the public interest will be better
subserved thereby.
Mr. BADGER repeated the objections he had
previously urged against placing one of our public
vessels in private hands. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Mili.er] seemed to think we had
only to put the grain on board, and Heaven would
send a favoring breeze to waft it to Ireland, and
perhaps the steering power, at the same time, to
take her in the right course. He did not suppose
that, if the Senator did not belong to the creed
which had been promulgated by his namesake, he
had any special revelation on the subject.
Mr. MILLER replied that he had the highest
authority:—"Cast your bread upon the waters,
and after many days it will be found."
Mr. BADGliR lejoined. The Senator had mis-
quoted the words; which are, "Cast thy bread on
the waters, and after many days it shall return to
thee." Now, this bread we did not wish to return;
we desired never to see it again, but that it might
find its way to Ireland or Scotland. He believed
officers might be found who would be pleased to
carry it out.
The amendments were then agreed to, and the
joint resolution was reported to the Senate, the
amendments concurred in, ordered to a third read-
ing, and by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed: Yeas 23, nays 11.
It is as follows:
