THE CONeMEMOHAL GLOBE.
March
JlesoZtsei fe#- tfcc Senrda ««df House of Representatives of $ke
United States of Jltoerica in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of the Navy be, and ife is hereby, authorized to
place at the disposal of Crtptanv George 0. fee Kay, of New
ttve' Umsed States ship Macetfonnjtt, for the purpose
of transporting to the famishing poor of Ii eland and Scot-
land such contributions as may be made for their relief;
Shd that the said Secretaiy be also authorized tb place at
tfrie'di^^aV of Captain Robert B. JWbes-, of Boston, the
United Spates stoop-ot-War Jamestown for the like' purpose j
or, if the Secretary shall be of opi'mon that the public in-
terest will be better subserved thereby, he is authorized to
ffespatcfr said vessels upon tire service aforesaid as public'
MESSENGERS AND* LABORERS.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved? That the messengers and laborers of the Senate
be in future employed during the recess of Congress, at
their ut ual per diem, under the direc'no>i of tlie S'ur^earit-at-
Arms of the Senate, atf<t chat there shall be no other com-
pensation allowed in future.
SMITH S ON IAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. BREESE presented a report of the Board
of Regents of the SmiThsoni'an' Institution, made
agreeably to law, showing the operations, expen-
ditures, and condition of the- institution; winch;
was ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. N1L&3, from the committee of conference
on the- disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill making appropriations' for the service of the
PostOffiree Department for the year ending the-30th
divy of June, 1-848, made a report thereon.
The Senate concurred in the report.
REPORTING BY" CONTRACT.
On motion by Mr. EfANNEGAJN*, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the following
resolution, submitted' by him on Thursday last:
Resolved, That the 3<-crffary of the Senate be, and hereby
is, authouzed and directed to contiact with I)!. James A.
Houston to furnish,full and accurate reports of the proceed-
ings ami debates in the Senate for the thirtieth Congress;
Provided, Tlrat the co*fc thereof shali nod exceed the sum of
$12,000 lor the lonff sexton, and ,y3,OOG for the shortsossion:
and in the event ot an extra session of said Congiess, in like
proportion for such extra session, to Ire paid out of the ap-
propriation for iheeontuigeru expenses of' the Senate : Pro-
*nded7 That Said contractor *ha41« employ a sufficient
number ol stenographers and other reporters, to enable liiin
to furnish full and accurate report* of each day's proceed-
ings mtd' dfbates m printed fovm on thn succeeding morn-
ing srod shollhave the sune neatfv made up at the close of
every week-, hi quarto foim, for preservation, and Miall
fuuu.'h to each member or'the Senate twenty copics of the
daily and twelve copies of the weekly publication, and that
he shall at-o *-enrf daily, by mail, a copy of the daily reports
to the principal newspapers of the United States*.
Mr. JOH3YSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the resolution by adding the following1:
Said" reports to be furnished to such xievvvpapcis in the
city of Washington as shall agree to print and publish the
sa-ne daily in full.
Mr. HANNEGAN accepted the amendment as
a modification of the resolution.
Mr. BENTON" rose and said that this resolution
which was urged upon the Senate in the expiring
moments of the session, authorized a contract to
be made for reporting the debates of this body, with
an individual of whose character we knew nothing,
and appropriating $18,000—$12,000 for the long
session, and $6,000 for the short one—for that pur-
pose. There had been no consultation on the sub-
ject, no time for proper deliberation, or for the
ex&mm&tion of the subject by any committee of
the Senate. Before he sat down, he would ask
for the appointment of a committee to whom the
resolution mujht be referred, and he would ask to
be a member of that committee; and he would
pledge himself to sit night and day, to examine
this matter, to sift it, and see what was at the bot-
tom of it. This business of reporting had been
occupying the attention-of Congress ever since he
had been a member of the Senate. This resolu-
tion required the reports to be published and laid
on the tables of Senators on the following morning.
It was not possible for these reports, in a-full and
correct form, to be furnished on the next morning.
A speaker, according to the ordinary rate of deliv-
ery, could speak seven thousand words-in an hour.
"When it was considered how many hours this
body was sometimes in session, we must come to
the conclusion that whoever undertakes- to report
everything that was said during that sitting, would
undertake to da wh-at" he could not-d-o. A-gieat-
m.\nv proportion# had heretofore^ been mad'&for.
the purpose: of securing amplenlaily reports-, and
the subject was sent to, the^Committee on the-li-
brary. It was for some length of timo-kept - under :
consideration by that committee. It was finally
reported to recommend- that the reporting should
be intrusted to the two establishments of the city,,
and not to an unknown person who came here to
halloo after Senators—yes, halloo after them; and
who said, " Jt will do your reporting: I will fur-
nish you with full and correct reports, and have
them printed by the next morning." The Joint
Committee of the two Houses had examined the
subject, and reported in favor of giving encourage-
ment to these two existing establishments, and the
necessary aid was to be given in th6 shape of a
Subscription. Authority was given to each Sena-
tor to subscribe for twelve copies to either of
the establishments. What was the result? The
result was, that the committee having reported, i
and the Senate having acted on the report, the '
Secretary was authorized to make a contract with :
either of these establishments, or both, if they ;
would comply with the terms of the contract. !
What followed? Messrs. Gales & Seaton, after 1
an experience of forty years, declined tire contract.
These practical printers, of forty years standing
and experience, thought it prudent to decline.
Messrs. Blair & Rives alone acceded to the terms,
took the contract, and commenced- the publication
of the debates. And this had been done for two
sessions. Not the two sessions immediately pre-
ceding a Presidential election, not for a temporary
and party purpose, but as a thing to last,- and go
on, and which they had determined to- carry on.
They had carried it on, they were carrying it on,
at a pecuniary loss to themselves. He had before
him a transcript of the weekly payments; for a
single week, the week before the last, forty-nine
persons were employed m the establishment, and
there was paid out to them, by the Foreman, five
hundred and twenty-four dollars; the paper cost
three hundred and twenty dollars, and when fuel,
and all incidental expenses were included, there
was a thousand dollars counted out weekly. The
expenses for last week were forty dollars more
than they were for the preceding one. And all
this, without counting anything for the services of
Mr. Rives, whose personal attention to his business
was indefatigable, or the interest on a capital of
fifty-five thousand dollars invested in the establish-
ment. From this statement of what is paid out
and paid in, it was clear that a loss of money was
sustained by these gentlemen, with whom we had
made a contract.
Mr. Rives had admitted his knowledge that this
was the lesult. But his language was, that although
he knew it was a losing business, he was going
on to establish a business which would be for his
| life and for his posterity; that he had-a son whom
i he had named Franklin, and that he intended to
make a printer of him, and to teach him to follow
the example set by that great man; and that it
would be his pride to hold up the establishment,
to be carried on by this son after he was gone.
Mr. Rives, therefore, looked beyond piesent in-
convenience; his ambition urged him to found an
establishment in this country which would rank
with the old establishments of other countries, and
would endure for generation after generation, as
they had endured. This establishment was per-
fectly free from political bias; it knew nothing at
all about party; it looked only to be a standard
journal of our debates. He said a standard jour-
nal, because every member had his remarks sub-
mitted to him for his own revision; and his speech
appears in full, just as he writes it out, in the Ap-
pendix. Mr. Rives had undertaken to build up
this establishment, and as he had determined to
carry it on for life, he looked to be ultimately re-
munerated for any loss he may have sustained in
the beginning. His words were, " I shall lose at
the beginning, but shall gain in the end.15
Such was the establishment with which the Sen- j
ate had made a contract. Was there any com- ;
plaint as to the manner in which the contract had !
been-fulfilled ? The numbers were published as j
rapidly as the debates permitted: they were keep- j
ing up with the progress of the session. Here i
they were, m his hand, up to within a very few
days, already amounting to nearly seven hundred j
pages—-extra quarto pages—devoted exclusively
to the proceedings of Congress, leaving out all
other matters. He-was au-tho-rized to say by Mr.
Ra-vee^ that if the Senate desired to have- the re-
ports>tatid on its- tables daily, it should be done*
Now- they waited until there was-matter enough
to-makeup a? full form, and printed and laid on
the tables sometimes two, three, or four numbers'
per week
Mr. B. then took up the resolution which wasf
now offered, and read rt. It was perfectly intelli-
gible: he understood it. This reporter might as
well tell him that he could put all the waters of
the Potomac into- a quart bottle as give full and
accurate reports of the two Houses on the next
morning. The reporter mult permit him to retain:
the possession of a little common sense. If this
person took the ground that he could do all this^
lie must be very little acquainted with the business:
he did not know what he said. He might as well
assert that he could bottle up the Potomac river.
He had, however, a fundamental objection to
this resolution. He had moved the original reso-
lution under which the present Journal of Debater-
was published. His object was to separate the
standard of debates ftom the daily political press-,
and to give members of Congress an opportunity
to understand in what manner they were to be?
reported before the country. This had been ac-
complished. The House of Representatives had
adopted this mode; the Senate had adopted it; and
at this very mohient the debates in the two Houses*
were given to the world in a national form. From
the moment this separation from the daily press*
had been effected, a standard of debates had been-
erected, by which members could judge of the-
mode in which they were to be presented to the
country and to the world. And now a resolution
was offered to overthrow this plan; and this, too,
in the expiring moments of the session. He knew
the project could not succeed. He knew th&t one-
half or three-quarters of what was said would be
omitted; and the part which was left out would be
the remarks of those members who were not in-
favor with the party connected with the press. It'
was well known here that such things had been-
frequently done, and that the only security mem-
bers had for being faithfully reported- was to fur-
nish the materials themselves.
It was to be regretted that this body had never
before had a standard of debates. In other coun-
tries, it was the practice of Governments to keep
up standing armies, for the purpose of influencing
the opinions of the people. Here, we had no
standing armies. We relied only on the intelli-
gence of the people, and it was necessary that we*
should keep them supplied with the materials for
forming an accurate judgment. We ought not to
suffer ouiselves to be garbled and misrepresented
by the reporteis and letter-writers in the newspa-
pers. The individual member had a right to re-
quire that he should not be placed before the coun-
try in a false position. But the injury done to the
individual by misstatements of his opinions disap-
peared in the more important wrong which was
inflicted on the public interests. Members were
sometimes made to appear contemptible and ridic-
ulous, while we had no power to stop these out-*
rages. One thing, however, we had the power to
do, and this we had done. By eieounga standard
of debates, which had gone out rapidly throughout'
the country, we had furnished the means of cor-
recting false and injurious reports; and so long a'£"
this standard was sustained, everything would go
on well. Here was that standard. Here it was—
their own work, as revised by themselves. This
was a matter which concerned our Government.
It did not concern him as an individual; but it con*
cerned the Government under which we all lived;
and in erecting this standard of debates, we had
made a great step, which we are now required to
retrace. Nothing was permitted to go into this"
journal of debates but a correct report of the de-
bates themselves—no party, no political matter.
It was stipulated that nothing but the debates
should be contained in this work. There were to
be no remarks, no commentaries, not a particle of
extrinsic matter. Then, the report was to be sub-
mitted to the members, in order that it might be
revised, and that the whole should go out as their
own work. These were the two great points to
be obtained.
And what had we presented'to us in this resolu-
tion? <( Doctor James A. Houston:" "For the
thirtieth Congress." He wanted no doctor; he'
never knew a doctor who could report: he wanted
aworkingrnan; and he wanted reports', notscfor
the thirtieth Congress,"'but lie*wanted them to be?
continued through three hundred'Congressesr. And
the standard we- had- now established- would grow
up-with the* increase'of the country-, and become
