THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIYES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 4, 1847.
New Series No. 36.
like the standard debates of the English Parlia-
ment. It was now in the hands of a man who had
a head, and who had capital, to carry it on. And
this new scheme was but for two sessions. Our
debates were to be published mixed up with any
editorial matter which it might be thought desirable
to introduce—to be mixed up with all the matters
of the press. He happened to say the other day
that a voltigeur was a nimble fellow, who would
sometimes jump on a horse, and hold on by the
mane. He was reported as saying, that a volti-
geur was a singular fellow, wno jumps up and
hangs on by the reins. Why, he would then turn
the liorse round, and be carried into the midst of
his enemies.
But was not this a scheme to found a partisan
press ? And if it is a speculation of that kind, we
were called on to subscribe eighteen thousand dol-
lars to build it up. And we were required to give
circulation to its sentiments by subscribing for
thirty-two copies, weekly and daily. This was a
large subscription. And these speeches were not
to be revised by the speakers, not by a single
member; and in this crude and unsanctioned form,
they were to be sent to all the presses of the coun-
try. If the scheme was one to operate on the other
partisan papers, we should not only be aiding the
press here, but promoting its party objects in the
country. The same papers which contained our
debates would also contain full editorials; the pa-
pers would be distributed by our sanction, and all
the partisan matter they contained would pass with
our endorsement. It would be argued tnat Con-
gress supported the publication, and the sentiments
of the editor would be received as part of the pro-
ceedings. In offering these remarks, he was not
influenced by any political considerations. He
had endeavored to establish a standard of debates.
The work was going on. The contract had been
complied with. Any member of Congress going-
home will find there a pcrfect report of his speeches.
It would not be in our power to break up this
work. We might cut off five thousand n<fcv, and
ten thousand another time, but it would survive
these amputations. It had disturbed no one's poli-
tics. No man here or elsewhere, now or hereaf-
ter, would be able to say what was its political
bias. Then it was the pride and boast of its pro-
prietor to keep it free from party matter; and no
man, a thousand years hence, would be able to
say what were the politics of its publisher. It was
a national work, the object and effect of which was
to diffuse throughout the whole country accurate
intelligence of the opinions expressed by Congress
as to the measures of the Government.
Where was the establishment of this "Doctor
Houston?"- Where was this person who was to
be put forward to break up the establishment of
Messrs. Blair & Rives? They had complied with
their contract: they had given bonds m a large
amount. What security would the Senate have
that this stranger would fulfil his engagement?
Never until now had he (Mr. B.) had the oppor-
tunity to give his opinion of the Congressional
Globe—of its nationality of character—of the man-
ner in which it had been prepared. He had em-
braced this occasion to do so, and he would now
move that the resolution be referred to a select
committee, to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing this contract;,and he would on this occa-
sion electioneer to be appointed one of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PEARCE rose to correct an error into which
the Senator from Missouri had fallen with reference
to his resolution to the Committee on the Librai*y.
The committee had made no report on that resolu-
tion. All the members of the committee were in
favor of some measure; but they were rather in
favor of having sworn reporters, who should be
officers of the Senate. On looking back to the
journals, however, they discovered that this subject
had been so frequently brought before Congress,
without success, that they did not make their
opinion. They were certainly in favor of sworn
reporters There was no report from a committee.
He had himself offered a resolution, but it was his
own act, not on the part of the committee. Rapid
36
and correct reports would be a-disideratum—much
more "important than the names of the bills which
produced the discussion. He did not know that
the difficulty had yet been entirely overcome, al-
though , as to his case, he must say that the reports
in the Congressional Globe had been not merely
impartial, but exceedingly liberal. He did not
know that the speeches could be reported in full by
the morning, but in the Appendix they were to be
found correct. If any Senator expected to be fjjlly
reported, he will be required to pay for it. If any-
thing could be done to brin? about ^a. beneficial
change in the system, it should be done. He re-
peated that he had no cause for complaint as to the
manner in which he had been reported.
Mr. BENTON said he understood the Senator
from Maryland did not offer the resolution referred
to in his capacity of chairman of the Committee on
the Library ?
Mr. HANNEGAN said the Senator from Mis-
souri had done him no more than justice in exon-
erating him from participating in any scheme for
the next Presidency, or any other. The simple
object which he had in view in presenting the reso-
lution was to procure full, accurate, and impartial
reports of the debates in the Senate. Hitherto
they had not been able to obtain such reports. It
was of great importance that a full and correct re-
cord should be made of the interesting and impor-
tant debates—such as that of the preceding even-
ing—which were at present allowed to pass to
oblivion. It was impossible for the speakers to
furnish such reports. It was not in the power of
the human mind to recall, with the accuracy re-
quired in an authentic record, the words spoken in
debate. Never had he heard jiobler sentiments
fall from human lips than he heard last night.
But they must be lost. There was 110 one to re-
port them. Nor was it to be expected that re-
porters could sit through the day and the night.
The aid of stenographers was indispensable. As
to the practicability of the plan, it had been abun-
dantly established. He had before him a volume
of the London Times, containing full and com-
plete reports of the debates in Parliament. Fre-
quently Parliament sat from five o'clock in the
afternoon till four or five o'clock next morning;
and yet the debates were given in fall, and pub
lished in the morning paper three hours after the
adjournment. He had the most friendly feelings
towards Blair & Rives, and towards Messrs.
Gales'& Seaton. They knew him too well to sup-
pose him capable of intending to injure them: and
the proposed plan, instead of inflicting any injury
■ in a week; while at other times," when the proceed-
ings of the week would not occupy more, they
only published one in a week. The understand-
ing with them was, that they should publish as
fast as they had matter to fill a number. But time
was precious; and although he fell that he should
be justified in taking up any amount of time on
this subject, he would forboar from making any
further remarks.
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON was sure that the
Senator from Missouri would do him the justice
to acknowledge that Che sole object he (Sir. J.)
had in view was to obtain ■ fair and full reports of
the Senate debates, which every one must admit
were not now furnished. As to the impractica-
bility of the proposition, the Senator from Mis-
souri was altogether mistaken. He (Mr. J.) had
visited Europe two years since, and had attended
the House of Commons for a week. The debates
were given next morning in the morning papers,
word for word.
Mr. BENTON. Only the principal speakers
are thus reported in London. A time was fixed
for any gieat debate, and the reporters came for a
great job. It was the great night debates.
Mr. JOHNSON could inform the Senator that he
was mistaken. The whole debate was given. Fif-
teen or twenty reporters were employed, who re-
lieved each other every twenty minutes. The same
thing could be done here with equal facility. It
was well known that everybody was not reported
here. Those were most accurately reported, who
had the time and industry to report themselves,
and amongst that number was his friend from Mis-
souri. He could not suffer from any mode of report-
ing ! As to the objection that the reports would be
published in party papers, it was altogether futile.
One of the objects of the proposition was to correct
the present partial system of reporting in the polit-
ical papers. He appealed to the good sense of the
Senator from Missouri, and hoped that he would
acquiesce in the decision of a majority of tlie body,
and not carry his threat of " speaking out the ses-
sion, in order to put the proposition down." As to
a committee, that would be equivalent to a defeat
of the project. The object was to make arrange-
ments for next session, and they must be made
during the recess.
Mr. BENTON said he did not propose to speak
to the end of the session. He had a right to ask
for a committee on this subject, under the parlia-
mentary rule. There had been no report from any
committee. In a money point of view, embracing
an expenditure of $18,000, besides the amount of
upon those gentlemen, would benefit them by \ the subscription, it ought to pass through the ex
• ' " - ■' ' animation of a committee. Limiting himself to the
money view of the case under the parliamentary
rule, a committee must look into it. Somehow or
other wc had of late fallen into the practice of vo-
ting away j}10,000, $20,000, or $30,000, by a mere
resolution. It was very different when he first
took his seat on this floor. He had a parliament-
ary objection to this running such a measure
through, without the report of a committee, and in
a single morning, when the rules of this body re-
quire that no bills appropriating money shall be
passed through two stages in one day; so that he
had a right to ask for three days for the passage of
this resolution. Was it not so ?
The VICE PRESIDENT here read the rule re-
ferred to by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BENTON resumed. It was exactly as he
had supposed.- It would require the resolution to
take the form, and go through the stages of a bill.
The rule was made to protect the contingent fund
from being plundered by sudden resolutions.
He had only a word to say to the Senator from
Maryland. Whenever there was a great debate
in Parliament, the daily papers in London, for the
purpose of selling one hundred thousand extra
! copies of their paper, went to the expense of a
saving them the expense of reporting in the Senate
He wished to secure full and prompt reports of
Senate debates. Sometimes the "Globe" was two
or three weeks in arrears of the proceedings and
debates. [Mr. BENTON. Oh! no.] Then he
(Mr. H.) was strangely mistaken. One of the
editors of the "Globe" was present in the Cham-
ber, and he (Mr. H.) was quite willing to refer to
him for the accuracy of the statement that the
" Globe" did not keep up with the debates.
He had said all he intended to say, but he again
disclaimed any improper motives.
Mr. ATCHISON expressed a hope that the
Senator from Missouri and the Senator from In-
diana would be appointed as a committee to report
at the next session.
Mr. BENTON hoped the Senator from Indiana j
■would be 011 the committee, to sift this business to ,
the bottom. |
Mr. HANNEGAN said he could not refuse, j
Mr. BENTON said he had never electioneered '
for an office before, but he would now for the Sen- ]
ator from Indiana. i
Mr. ATCHISON wished to exempt the Senator ,
from one imputation. He was certainly no candi- ■
date for the Presidency.
Mr. BENTON explained that Blair & Rives ] I double or treble set of reporters. Each took nfteen
had printed as many as three, if not four numbers j, minutes, at the end of which time, with the aid of
  —    j; his notes and his memory, he was able to report
* Mr. Hinneoan was in error if he meant the Coxorks- > every word of the debate. But this system was
sional Globe ; but correct, if he meant the which 011iv as regards prominent speakers. As
contains the finished speeches, written out or revised by pursueu u"*y & ' j in the ririuWrv
the members tliemselves.-EM. . "to the members who weie engaged in the Uiudgei y
