S64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
■ The PRESIDING OFFICER counted the Sen-
ate, and' reported thirty-two present. The yeas
Hhd nays were therefore ordered.
Mr. RREESE suggested a verbal amendment,
which was acceded to by Mr. Benton.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to: Yeas 18, nays 23.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Chalmers, Dickinson,
Bit, Fairfield, Houston, Niles, Sevier, Sturgeon, and Tur-
nev—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Calhoun, Cilley, Thomas
Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwm, Davis, Dayton, Greene,
Harmcgan, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Sim-
mons, Upham, Webster, Woodbridge, and Yulee—33.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the resolution
by adding, "Provided, That the daily papers, as
now established in this city, shall have the option
and preference to be made the vehicles of said
reports," and demanded the yeas and nays there-
on.
The amendment was disagreed to: Yeas 13,
nays 19.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Ragby, Benton,
Breo«i>, -Bright, Dickinson, Dix, Houston, Niles, Sturgeon,
and Turney—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badcer, Calhoun, Chalmers, Cil -
ley, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Cnnvin, Davis,
Greene, Hannegan, Jarnagin, Johitson of Maryland, John-
son of Imuisinna, Mangum, Upham, Webster, Woodbridge,
and Yulec—19.
Mr. BENTON called the attention of the Sen-
ate trt the fact that many of the scats were vacant,
and that it might be necessary to send theSergeant-
at-Arms to require the attendance of members.
He then moved to amend the resolution by insert-
ing after the name of "Doctor James A. Houston,''
the words "or Ritchie & Heiss, or Gales & Sea-
ton, or Blair & Rives." The object of this amend-
ment was to give these three established firms a
chance to do the work.
Mr. R. JOHNSON said the Senator from Mis-
souri must by this time be satisfied, that a majority
of the Senate was in favor of the resolution. As
one of the members of this body, Mr. J. had acted
with those with whom he was associated on his
side of the Chamber, in giving to the Administra-
tion all the assistance in his power. He had done
this with pleasure. There was not a single excep-
tion—or but one. He had voted for everything
that had been asked for, to secure a vigorous pros-
ecution of the war with a view to its specdv ter-
mination. 15ut there were bills on the table which
they had not yet acted upon; and there were bills
of vital importance in a state of transition between
the two Houses. There was one bill to create a
general officer, who was supposed to be necessary
to the vigorous prosecution of the war; hut the
Senator from Missouri, who was a friend of the
Administration, who had given the Administra-
tion his cordial support, presented himself in an
attitude of unexampled pertinacious opposition to
a measure on which he differed from a majority of
the Senate, and thereby hazarded the other meas-
ures which were still undisposed of. Now, if this
was brought about by procrastination, it would
not be by Mr. J.'s side of the House. The whole
head and front of the offending would rest on the
Senator from Missouri and those who went with
him. Now, Mr. J. did not think they should be
required to surrender their own opinions at the in-
stance of any one member of the Senate. He
would say to the Senator from Missouri, that he
should feel himself dishonored if he yielded to this
opposition, of which the Senator from Missouri
was the champion. What was the proposition on
their table, ? A simple, plain proposition to supply
a corps of reporters to publish the daily proceed-
ings of this body for the information of their con-
stituents. Now they had the right to their own
opinions, and he would tell the Senator from Mis-
souri that the public interests would be promoted
by the adoption of the pioposition. There was no
design to establish any press to attack the honor-
able Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BENTON. Oh, no; I can take care of
myself; but it is to establish a paper to attack the
Administration and the Democratic party.
Mr.'R JOHNSON way not conscious of any
such design. Whore, then, was the attack to come
from ? It was proposed to provide for the daily-
publication of the proceedings of this body; and
were the proceedings of this body necessarily to
be an attack on the Administration ? Why, these
reporters were to furnish these very reports to the
organ of the Administration. He, however, had
only risen to say, that whatever injury was to
arise by the defeat of measures before the Senate
would be exclusively owing to the course which
the Senator from Missouri pursues.
Mr. BENTON said, the Senator from Mary-
land himself was consuming the time of the Sen-
ate. He had taken up more time than he (Mr.
B.) had by remarks which he had made. Mr. B.
had amendments on which he desired the Senate
to vote, and the Senator from Maryland had ob-
structed the action of the Senate upon them. If
the business of the Senate was obstructed, the
responsibility was on those who brought in this
proposition; for, when it was in, he had the right
to amend it, and to call the attention of the country
to it. He should ask for a committee to examine
this matter, which he denounced as an attempt to
set up a partisan paper against the Administration
and the Democracy. The Senator from Maryland
said he would fight the Administration by fair
means. Well, fair means, were to set up their
own press.4 What he objected to was, that the
contingent fund was to be prostituted to partisan
purposes. The first number of this paper will
indicate its character. There stood a man (point-
ing to Mr, Rives) who had given bond and security
for the performance of his contract; but there was
a refusal here to give bond and security. Blair &
Rives give security for more than they receive. They
receive two thousand dollars for the short session,
and four thousand dollars for the long session, for
which they give security; and here was a proposi-
tion to give eighteen thousand dollars for the two
sessions—twelve thousand dollars more; and no
bonds were to be given by a contractor who had
no establishment here at all—who was a person
without any means, that they knew of, to carry
on the work. He was vindicating the rule of the
Senate. Mr. B. went on to speak of the personal
opposition which had been raised against himself,
but lie had scorn for all the dogs that were set
upon him.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the resolution be laid
on the tabic until four o'clock,and that the Senate
take a recess until that hour.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked the Senator from Ar-
kansas to give way a few moments. [Mr. Sevier
withdrew his motion.] He said he did not know
how the sun would set to-day, but when the sun
set last night he would rather see the Senator from
Missouri the President of the United States than
any other man.
Mr. BENTON, (in his seat.) I would not.
Mr. HANNEGAN had supposed so. The mod-
esty of the Senator would of course refuse it.
Cresar thrice refused the crown when offered by
Mark Antony, but he at length took it. He had
entertained the highest respect for the Senator from
Missouri. There was no Senator that he had loved
more; but he could not permit such terms to be
used as "infamy" and " plunder" to any proposi-
tion he made.
Mr. BENTON. It was applied to the news-
paper.
Mr. HANNEGAN went on to say how he had
respected the Senator from Missouri, but intimated
that the course of that Senator might separate and
place a bar between them forever.
The Senator from Missouri had complained that
the resolution had been pressed upon the Senate
without previous notice. He appealed to the Sen-
ator to say if he had not repeatedly given him
warning (being aware of his opposition to it) of
his intention to call it up. The Senator talked
about plundering the public money in appropriating
it to a useless purpose. He asked the Senator to
remember a resolution for the purchase of a topo-
graphical map which had been strenuously advo-
cated by him. The distinguished Senator claimed
for himself the merit of being the devoted friend
of the Administration; and yet, though many im-
portant measures of the Administration were yet
unfinished, the Senator had announced his inten-
tion of consuming all the remaining time of the
session fti opposing this resolution. If this was
what he called befriending the Administration, it
was a most unnatural method of doing it. Did he
call this backing: his friends?
Mr. BENTON said that if any man intimated
that he would swerve from his duty for any pur-
pose whatever, or to gain the vote of any man
on God Almighty^s earth, he was altogether mis-
taken.
Mr. HANNEGAN. The Senator will wait till
I make such a charge against him; I have not done
so yet.
Mr. BENTON. No, sir. The Senator has said
enough, however, to put an everlasting barrier be-
tween himself and mc politically.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Be it so.
Mr. BENTON. Personally we may be friendly;,
politically never.
Mr. HANNEGAN. A single word. Can the
Senator from Missouri cherish personal kindness
towards any living thing where selfishness is not
at the bottom of it.
Mr. BENTON replied, and contended that the
proper parliamentary notice had not been given of
this measure. He said he should not be swerved
from the line of duty by any personal considera-
tions.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. S. then moved that the Senate take a recess
until six o'clock; which was also agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was re-
solved that the 16th joint rule be suspended, for the
purpose of admitting bills and resolutions passed
in either House this day being sent to the other.
Mr. NILES, from the committee on conference
on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill to establish certain
post routes, made a report thereon.
The Senate concurred in the report. v
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report, signed -by the Vice President and
Secretary of the Senate, exhibiting their proceed-
ings and the persons who have become contractors
for the 30th Congress; which was ordered to be
printed.
CONTRACT FOR REPORTING.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution to provide for full and accurate reports
of the proceedings and debates of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON insisted that the resolution had
been laid on the table indefinitely.
The VICE PRESIDENT decided that it had
been laid upon the table until six o'clock.
Mr. BENTON said the Presiding Officer was
mistaken. The resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. ARCHER said he understood it diffeiently.
Mr. R. JOHNSON said the motion was to lay
it on the table until six o'clock, and such was the
decision of the Presiding Officer. "With that im-
pression, a majority of the Senate had voted in
good faith to lay on the table.
Mr. BENTON replied, the Senator from Ark-
ansas made the motion, and he would be here soon
to state what his motion was.
Mr. BERRIEN said he was not there when the
motion for a recess was made; but he now under-
stood the decision of the Chair to be, that the reso-
lution was now under consideration.
Mr. HANNEGAN said the resolution was
passed over as unfinished business, to be taken up
after the recess, and he insisted upon its being
resumed.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Arkansas
made the motion, and he was now here to answer
for himself.
Mr. SEVIER explained. He first moved to lay
the resolution on the table until six o'clock, and
I that the Senate take a recess until that time, but,
j at the solicitation of Senators, he withdrew that
j motion. Subsequently he moved to lay on the
' table indefinitely. And he afterwards moved that
; the Senate take a recess, both of which motions
j were agreed to.
j Mr/HANNEGAN. Then,I move to take it
! up from the table.
Mr. BERRIEN. I call for the decision of the
! Chair. I trust the decision of the Chair will be
conformed to.
Mr. ARCHER said he understood that the res-
] olution was only temporarily laid on the table.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER said he had a
j distinct understanding that its consideration was
I to be resumed.
I "Mr. BENTON asked who made the motion on
| which the decision was based. The Presiding
i Officer could put no motion of his own; he could
| not originate a question; he could only put such
' questions as members made. But here sat the
