1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ma
Senator from Arkansas who made the motion to
lay on the table generally, and he [Mr. Sevier]
knew what he was about—he knew what motion
he made. He's in a condition to know what mo-
tion he made. [Laughter.] •
Mr. HANNfiGAN asked if there was any
question before the Senate; if not, he should move
to take the resolution from the table. The Senator
from Missouri said the Senator from Arkansas
was in a condition to know what motion he made.
That was more than the Senator from Missouri
was, or had been throughout the day, or he hoped
so for his own credit sake. He began to think that
General Jackson told the truth when he said 
[LoUd cries of " Order," " order,'' and great ex-
citement.]
Mr. HANTXTEGAN., What have I done? ■
Mr. R. JOHNSON. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. BUTLER. He's not out of order.
A Senator near Mr. Johnson. Oh! withdraw
your point of order.
Mr. Archer and several other Senators were on
the floor making observations.
Mr. BENTON. Let the words be taken down
in writing.
Mr. SEVIER (whilst that was being done)
again stated how he made his motions before the
recess.
Mr. WESTCOTT called the Senator from Ar-
kansas to order.
[Several voices: Sevier make your statement:
let us have no more desultory debate. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEVIER. Have I leave to proceed? [Cries
of" Leave, leave,"] He then proceeded to repeat
the statement he had before made.
Mr. EVANS thought they were getting into an
unnecessary state of excitement. He would like
to know what the Journal said—how the matter
was put down in the Journal. Whatever motion
was made' and entertained would be stated there.
Sometimes measures were passed over informally,
and then they did not appear on the Journal. But
he wished to know how this stood recorded on the
Journal.
Mr. BENTON said, whatever was on the Jour-
nal, it must be borne in mind, that the Journal had
not been corrected.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER stated that the
Journal had not been made up.
Mr. BENTON". Then there is no Journal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER restated his un-
derstanding to be, that the resolution was laid on
the table until six o'clock, then to be resumed.
Mr. EVANS said, to lay on the table to take a
recess was a motion unknown to the parliamentary
law. The idea that pending questions must be
disposed of before they could take a recess was
erroneous. Why, sometimes they took a recess
in the middle of a speech.
Mr. DAVIS also explained his impression to be
thai the resolution was laid on the table until six
o'clock.
Mr. DAYTON said this whole debate was out
of order—not only because a Senator had been
called to order, but because the Chair had decided
the point.
Mr. BENTON inquired if the Journal had been
read? [" It is not madeup."] He insisted that no
other question could go on the Journal until it was
made to state the motion of the Senator from Ar-
kansas.
Mr. MANGUM. Do I understand that this res-
olution lies on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER said it lay on the
table for consideration. That was the decision
which the Chair had made and to which he ad-
hered.
Mr. MANGUM hoped then that the Senate
would proceed to its consideration.
Mr. BENTON said, in order that there might
be no breaking up of the business of the session,
he moved the indefinite postponement of the reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were called for, and ordered.
Mr. BENTON said there was a question of order
yet to be decided.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. BENTON. I renew it. [Cries of " You
cannot."]
Mr. R. JOHNSON. Does the Senator renew
my point of order?
Mr. BENTON answered in the affirmative.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. What was it? [Laughter.]
He called the Senator from Ihdiana to order for
words uttered, but he now withdrew his point of
order.
Mr. BENTON. And I renew it.
Mr. ARCHER contended that it could not be
renewed, as another motion had intervened.
Mr. BENTON contended that points of order
took precedence.
Mr. BERRIEN said the point of order could
not be entertained, as a motion had intervened—
the motion to postpone indefinitely. It was now
too late to call the Senator from Indiana to order.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Georgia
was a practising lawyer, and he had put in a plea
of limitation. He had pleaded the statjite of limit-
ations—a limitation of five minutes. He went on
to combat the position of the Senator from Georgia,
and to restate the remarks of the Senator from In-
diana, who had said that the Senator from Mis-
souri had not been in a condition all day long to
know what he was doing; or, in other words, that
the Senator from Missouri had been drunk all day.
That was the muendo.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. President, I call the Sen-
ator from Missouri to order.
Mr. BENTON. I call the Senator from Virginia
to order.
Mr. ARCHER. The Chair will decide whose
point of order has priority. I called the Senator
from Missouri to order first.
Mr. BENTON. And I called the Senator from
Virginia to order quickly after. I want to know
if I have been drunk all day. [Laughter.]
Mr. BERRIEN rose and said, two gentlemen
could not have possession of the floor at the same
time.
Mr. BENTON. I call the Senator from Geor-
gia to order. He takes the floor when two others
have it already. [Roars of laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will state his point of order.
Mr. ARCHER proceeded to state his point of
order to be, that the Senator from Missouri was
discussing an issue irrelevant to the pending ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER restated all the
motions which had been made.
Mr. HANNEGAN hoped he would not be
condemned without a hearing. He would like to
see the indictment before he was called upon to
plead—to see the charges before he was punished.
He would like to know how the malice, prepense, was
established. He would say in advance that he
would not wait, if he had uttered a word unbe-
coming the dignity of this body, before he apolo-
gized for it. But he did not think he had.
He had harbored no improper thought, either
in his head or heart. The Senator from Mis-
souri says I charged him with being drunk all
day. I made no such charge, sir—never. I
never saw the Senator from Missouri drunk but
once in all my life. [Roars of laughter.] That
was the night after the expunging resolution
was passed. [Renewed laughter.] This was a
most unpleasant business; he regretted it very
much. He had hitherto entertained kind feelings
for the Senator from Missouri, but now he had
nothing of kindness left. I have not insulted the
Senator from Missouri. I have never degraded
him. I would as soon think of insulting and de-
grading my mother. [Laughter.] I do not mean
to compare lnm to a woman: far from it. [A burst
of laughter.] I meant to compare him to her who
was my first love, and the last to be forgotten.
But I have done all I could in kindness do, and f
now give it up.
The language of the Senator from Indiana, as
taken down by Mr. R. Johnson, was then read:
" The Senator from Missouri has not been in a condition
to knoMg-wiiut he has be.'n (loins dll day; and I am of the
opinion that General Jackson whs right when he said the
Senator from >Ti?eouri was" 
Mr. BENTON. Fill up the sentence.
Mr. HAJNNEGAN (in his seat)—"very seri-
ously injured by the bursting of the big gun on the
Princeton, which knocked his brains out!1' [Roars
of laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER was understood
to overrule the point of order, amidst much confu-
sion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER then stated the
question to be on the motion to postpone indefi-
nitely, on which the yeas and nays were taken,
and they resulted—yeas 19, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Atheiton, Bagby, Ben-
. ton, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
| Houston, Mason, Niles, Sevier, Soute, Sturgeon, Tumey*
■ Westcott—19. >
! NAYS—Messrs. Archer,Badger, Berrien, Butier, Calhoun,
, Chalmers, Cilley, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Cntleuden, Da-
: vis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington, Jama-
1 gin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum,
1 Miller, Morehead, Pearee, Simmons, Upliam, Wood^ridge,
, Yulec—27.
! The question then recurred on the motion to
; amend, by inserting <l Messrs. Ritchie & Heiss?
! or Messrs. Gales & Seaton, or Messrs. Blair &
! Rives."
I Mr. WESTCOTT said he should call for a di-
| vision. He could vote for Gales & Seaton or Blair
; & Rives, but he would not vote for Messrs. Ritchie
j & Heiss.
| Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Florida
! had the right to have the vote taken separately on
i each firm.
Mr. R. JOHNSON thought the proper form
would be to move to strike out " Ritchie & Heiss."
Ml*. Westcott did not press his call for a divis-
ion, and the yeas and nays were then taken on the
amendment.
Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Yulee did notvote when
their names were called.
Mr. BENTON called the attention of the Presi-
ding Officer to the rule which required every Sena-
tor to vote when his name was called, unless ex-
cused by the Senate, and desired the rule to be read
and enforced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER read the sixteenth
rule, as follows:
" When the yeas and nays shall be called for by one-fifth
of the members present, each member called upon shall, un-
less for special leasons he he excused by the Senate, declare
openly and without debate, his assent or dissent to the ques-
tion."
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. Secretary, call me.
The Secretary: Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. CALHOUN: No.
Mr. YULEE was understood to intimate that
he would give his reasons, if required.
The vote was then announced to be—yeas 21,
nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Bree-e, Bright. Butlot, Cameron, Chalmers,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Houston, Mason, Niles, Sevier,
Sou!6, Sturgeon, Turney—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Calhoun, Cil-
ley, John M. Clavton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, Gieene, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnasin, Johnson
of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Peaice, Simmons, Upham, Webster, Westcott, Wood-
biidgo, Yulee—27.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the resolution,
by adding*;
"Provided, That the amount to be paid for said reporting
shall not exceed the highest amountfor which Messrs. Gales
& Seaton, or JVte&Ms. Hlair &. Rivef, or Mr. Jonathan E'liot,
or either of them, offered to report for in the year 1841, as
shown in the report of the seleet committee of that year, No.
114 of the Senate report*, or shall exceed the amount recom-
mended tor the fame work m the report of the Hon. Mr.
Archer, of May 140, 1842, No. 309 of Senate reports.
Mr. BENTON said they were so fortunate as to
have reports from committees on this subject, and
! statements from printers as to what would be proper
I to be paid for such work. A committee, of which
! Mr. Bayard was the chairman, considered the sub-
■ ject and made a report thereon, and by that report
1 it was proposed to swear the reporters to their
j accuracy and impartiality, and the sum proposed
j was only $3,2o0 for the short and $6,500 for the
I long session. And for that sum the reports were
: to be printed in three hours after the closing of the
I debates.
i Mr. B. went on to explain the details of those
j reports and the conditions of the proposed con-
tracts, into which practical men were willing to
I enter. He then again referred to the sums paid to
Blair & Rives—$4,000 for the long session and
1 $2,000 for the short session—for the work they
, were now publishing, on which they were now
! losing money, but hoped soon to establish perma-
! nently. He was desired, however, by Mr. Rives,
to say that he did not consider that the plan now
proposed would interfere with him. Mr. B. did
not oppose this resolution on account of Blair &
' Rives, but because a newspaper was to be estab-
1 hshed to attack the Administration and Democracy;
though he saw no necessity for another set of re-
! ports on the back of those of Blair & Rives, to be
paid for at an increased sum equal to three to one.
I It was reports upon reports—a case of superfeta-
; tion in reporting our debates.
