1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
write and publish what they please ? If they sent
out reports to the people, would those reports go
out as the only true account of their proceedings ?
To carry out that view, they should restrain even
other reporters and letter-writers, and not let their
proceedings be seen until they were sent in that
shape, in which they intended them to be seen.
And was not this a great principle ? He thought
this looked like interfering with the liberty of
speech and of the press. And further: they were
creating a new branch of expenditure for the two
Houses of Congress. He did not say that this ob-
jection ought to be fatal; but the subject was one
of such great importance as to require more con-
sideration than could be given to it in these hasty
proceedings. But this Was not all. There was
more than a suspicion that there is something be-
hind this proposition; that it was a scheme con-
nected with political objects; that the contingent
fund of the Senate was, under cover of this propo-
sition, to be used to establish a press to support he
knew not what interest. He was satisfied there
was something here more deeply interesting to
those who sustain it than merely the changing of
til? mode of reporting their proceedings. This
looked like the first step in the drama of the open-
ing campaign, and he denounced it as such, who-
ever was concerned in it. He was not willing to
lend the contingent fund of the Senate for such a
purpose. He had heard of some such design to
build up a press before.
Mr. R. JOHNSON inquired if the Senator from
Connecticut meant to say that he designed to es-
tablish a political press under cover of this resolu-
tion ?
Mr. NILES. Not at all. He did not suppose
the Senator from Maryland knew anything about
it. But he nevertheless believed the thing was
well understood by others. We are but two years
from a presidential election, and there were several
candidates understood to be in the field.
Mr. BUTLER. Will you name them?
Mr. NILES did not profess to know them. We
should find out when the time came who they all
were, and we should then find out in whose inter-
est this paper was.
If there were any appropriation bills that it was
now desired to pass, he would give way. If not,
he should go on, and he should sustain the Sen-
ator from Missouri as long as his inventive genius
would enable him to prepare amendments. [Mr.
Webster, and others: Very well, go on.] He
would go on, and like a great man now no more,
he would " take the responsibility."
He contended that the last few days of a ses-
sion were not the proper time to biing forward
such a proposition, even if it was free from suspi-
cion. He recapitulated his objections to it, and
then made some remarks in reply to the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] who seemed to
think that there Was no republican principle m our
Government.
Mr. SIMMONS thought there was not much
danger to be apprehended from the adoption of
this proposition. It was one which had occupied
their attention for the last four years, during which
time he had always been in favor of it, separated
from the political press.
Mr. HUNTINGTON desired the Senator from
Rhode Island to give way while he made a report
from a committee.
Mr. WEBSTER. No, no; it is not in order. .
Mr. SIMMONS would be happy to enable his
friend from Connecticut to get any bill through.
Mr. WEBSTER. No, no.
Mr. SIMMONS then proceeded to advocate the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to say that he had no
agency m getting up this matter, further than his
favorable opinion of it. But still, if he thought
any press had any connexion .with it, he would
be the last man to give it his vote.
Mr. BENTON heard with pleasure the voice of
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons.]
He always heard it with pleasure; for it was the
voice of a clear-headed, sensible, business man,
with whom all his relations, public and private,
had been pleasant and agreeable. But he be-
lieved that, on this occasion, he had mistaken the
point. His speech applied to the passage of the
resolution, and on the advantage of having report-
ers, while the present question was on amend-
ments, and especially to prevent this particular
reporter—this Doctor of a reporter—if we must
have him, from being paid double and treble.
Blair & Rives were doing the same work, and
that in a revised form, at six thousand dollars for
two sessions; and they and others offered to do
it, as shown by Mr. Bayard's report, in 1841, at a
fraction over nine thousand dollars for the two ses-
sions. This Doctor is to have eighteen thousand
dollars for the same work, and that while Blair &
Rives were actually performing it. The question,
then, for the practical, business, economical mind
of the Senator from Rhode Island was, whether
he would give double or treble price for the
same work, and especially for a repetition of the
same work? Make the case his own: if he had
faithful, established, well-known mechanics, under
bond, doing a job for him at a fixed price, would
he give double or treble that price to a stranger,
without shop or means, and without bond, to do
the same? and especially, would he thus employ
both at the same time to do the same work double
011 such terms ? This was the point."
Mr. R. JOHNSON gave notice of an amend-
ment to prevent the publication of any political
matter with these reports.
M r. BENTON said that was good as far as it
went; but they all knew how easily frauds might
be committed and a political press established.
Mr. HANNEGAN suggested an amendment
to nrohibit all connexion with the party press.
The question was then taken on the pending
amendment, and it was negatived: Yeas 17, nays
27.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Bagbv, Benton, Breese,
Bright, Cameron, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Houston, Ma-
son, Niles, Sevier, Sturgeon, Turney, and Wcstcott—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, Oilley, John M Clayton, Corwm, Critten-
den, Davis, Evans, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarna-
gin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum,
Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Simmons, Upham, Webster,
Woodbridge, and Yulee—27.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend,
by inserting after the word " morning," the words
iethe said paper to contain no political discus-
sions, and to he in no way connected with any
political press."
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the amendment,
by adding " Nor shall any part of the money
hereby voted be employed in the purchase, estab-
lishment, or support of any political newspaper, or
magazine, or political periodical of any kind: and
if any part of said money so applied, it shall he
deemed a fraud upon this resolution, and shall
vacate the contract;" and demanded the yeas and
nays thereon.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to: Yeas 15, nays 27.
YEAS-—Messrs. Ashley, Bagby, Benton, Bright, Cameron,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Houston, Mason, Nile&, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Tmuey, and Wegtcott—15.
NAYS—Mcssis. Aiehcr, Badgei, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, Cilley, John M. Clajton, Corwm, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Evans, Gieene, Hannegan, Huntington,
Jamagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangum, Miller, Morchead, Pcaree, Simmons, Upham,
Webster, Woodbridge, and Yulee—27.
The amendment as submitted by Mr. Johnson,
of Maryland, was then agreed to.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend, by adding the
following: *
" Provided, That the ic^olution expelling Thomas Ritchie '
from the floor of the Senate be, and the same is hereby?
rescinded, and that the Daily Union, and the editors thereof, 1
be held and deemed to be on an equal footing, and have j
equal privileges with other fditoi* and papers for printing
the debates of the Senate, anything in said lescmd ed reso- ;
lution to the contrary notwithstanding." j
Mr. BENTON said he offered this to produce ;
harmony. ,
Mr. R. JOHNSON asked if the amendment j
was in order. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER decided that it 1
was. # _ |
Mr. BENTON had no doubt that it was in 1
order. The resolution giving to this Dr. Houston 1
—why called Doctor he knew not—still less why
he was borne upon our Journal with a title, when 1
no other person ever was—not even General Jack-
son, whom our Journal always calls Mr.—why >
this Dr. Houston was thus entitled and thus re- j
corded he knew not; but supposed the aforesaid
Doctor did, as it was believed he wrote the reso-
lution himself which the Senator from Indiana '
offered; but if he was correctly informed, to be ;
critically accurate, the said title of Doctor should !
have a prefix to it: this said resolution directed this !
Doctor to furnish copies of his reports to the prm- ■
cipal newspapers in the United States; and unless :
the resolution expelling Mr. Ritchie was rescinded,
he might, in the opinion of this Doctor, not be a. lit
person to receive that distinction at his hands.
Mr. BUTLER inquired from the Senator from
Missouri, as the representative of the editor of the
Union, if he was to come to this floor and repeat his
slander just as he thought proper? If Mr. Ritchie
would not retract hWinsulting remarks against
Senators—nulla vestigia retrorsum; and thereupon,
Mr. Butler facing round to Mr, Benton, re-
peated his questions to him.
Mr. BENTON said the editor of the Union had
answered for himself in his daily paper; and as for
himself (Mr. B.) he only answered interrogatories
in writing, before commissioners in chancery, or
under a dedimus potestatem> to take depositions.
But if the Senator would write downjiis questions,
he would write down his answers; and they would
make up a case for the considration and judgment
of the Senate and the people.
Mr. BUTLER. I can soon do it.
Mr. BENTON remarked that this was not a
court of chancery.
Mr. BUTLER. No; it is a court of honor.
Mr. BENTON. Oh, 110; we ha\e nothing to
, do with honor heie. it is justice only that we
1 want—the justice of putting the organ of the Dem-
i oeratic party on the same footing as the other press-
j es here. This would be done by the adoption of
; his amendment.
Mr. CASS said he had taken no part in this
discussion. When the subject was fhst introduced
he was in favor of it. He thought it might be a
plan that might be acceptable. It was a subject in
which the country had a deep interest; but sugges-
tions had since been made which induced him to
doubt its propriety. He would not vote for any
proposition which was subject to the objections
which had been enumerated.
Mr. BENTON said this amendment was a peace
offering. It was submitted to produce harmony.
It was the righthand of fellowship at the winding
up of an ugly debate.
Mr. WESTCOTT called for a division of the
amendment. The latter part he thought perfectly
unnecessary, for Mr. Ritchie had now the same
privileges as were enjoyed by the press generally.
Mr. HUNTINGTON contended that it was in-
divisable.
After debate the amendment was disagreed to—
yeas 18, nays 26.
No further amendment being proposed, the reso-
lution was reported to the Senate, and the amend-
ments were concurred in. It was then ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading—yeas 19, nays
27.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Calhoun,
Chalmers, Ciliey, John M. CJavion, Corvvin, Cnttenden,
Davis, Evans, Gieene, Hanneuan, Huntington, Jarnngm,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana. Mangum, Mil-
ler, Morehead, Peaice, Simmons, Upham, Webster, Wood-
bridge, and Yulee—27.
NAYS—Mo^rs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Buglit, Cameron, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hous-
ton, Mason, Nile«, Rusk, Sevier, Sturgeon, and Turney
19.
Mr. BENTON said they were voting away this
money, when thcie was not a shilling m the con-
tingent fund.
Mr. WEBSTER called for the third reading
now.
Mr. BENTON objected.
So the third reading was postponed until to-mor-
row, under the parliamentary law.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John P. Baldwin;
which was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution
for consideration :
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund of
the Senate, under the direction of the committee to audit
and contiol the sanv, to each of the officers and messengers
ot the Library of Congress, and the two committee clerks,
the same amount of compensation allowed to the officers
and messengers in the office of the Secretary of the Senate
at the present session of Congiess.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House to carry into effect certain provisions in the
treaties between the United States and China, and
the Ottoman Porte, giving indicia! power to minis-
ters and consuls of the United States in those
countries, repoiled the same with an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
