m
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
mittee on Pensions, submitted adverse- reports in
the cases of Peter Grover, Ann Clayton, Samuel
P. Armstrong, and others, and Mary Genmng.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate resolved
to disagree to the amendment of the House; and
to insist upon their own amendments to the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1848; and a committee of conference
was appointed thereon.
ADMISSroN" OP WISCONSIN.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in committee of the whole,
the bill from the House for the admission of the
State of Wisconsin into the Union.
After some debate, the bill was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was, by unanimous consent, read a
third time and passed.
ARMY BILL.
The report of the Committee on Military Affairs,
recommending a non-concurrence in most of the
amendments of the House to the bill to provide for
an additional number of general officers, and for
other purposes, was taken up and concurred in.
LIGHTING THE CAPITOL WITH GAS.
The joint resolution for lighting the Capitol and
public grounds with Crutchett's solar gas, was read
a third time and passed.
PORT OF ENTRY AT SAUNA, TEXAS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred the bill from the House to es-
tablish a port of entry at Salma, m the State of
Texas, and for other purposes, reported the same
without amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider said bill, as
in committee of the whole; and, after debate, no
amendment being made, it was reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to a third reading.
The bill was then read a third time by unani-
mous consent, and passed.
FEES IN ADMIRALTY CASES.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in committee of the whole,
the bill from the House for the reduction of the costs
and expenses of proceedings in admiralty against
ships and vessels.
The amendment reported from the committee to
which the bill was referred having been agreed to,
after debate,, the bill was reported to the Senate;
and the amendment having been concuned in, it
was ordered to a third reading, and was, by unani-
mous consent, read a thm! time, and passed.
LOTS IN CINCINNATI.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the joint resolution to prohibit
the sale at private entry of certain lands in Cincin-
nati, Ohio; and after debate, it was, on motion bv
Mr. CRITTENDEN, rcfcired to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
At a late hour of the night, the Senate went into
executive session, and, after some time spent there-
in, the doors were opened, and the Senate ad- j
joumed. i
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 3, 18-17.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL moved a re-
consideration of the vote adopting the resolution
reported yesterday by Mr. McClelland, from the
Committee on Commerce, authorizing and direct-
ing; a compilation yi\d revision of the laws of the
United Stales 011 the commerce and navigation of
the country.
Mr. BOYD moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table. Disagieed to.
Mr. Lvgersoll's motion was then put, and
agreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved the following
as a substitute for the resolution reported by 3V1rT
McClelland:
Rssoh-ed, That the President cause to ha prepared a di-
gest of all thy statute li\v> of the United States, now in
force, 111 such forms as to bung the duties of wrh public
together under one head, as tar jnacticable. and
that he report the same to Congress at early a day as
practicable; and that he also caa>e to ht* prepared and ie-
ported at, the same tune such modifications of the^resent
statutes as may he deemed of public utility. And that, in
preparing the said digest and recommendations, lie  s hereby
authorized to require the same to be performed by such
heads of the departments and bureaus as he may believe
can properly be employed on that duty without neglecting
their piesent official duties, not to exceed three in number.
Mr. PETTIT made some inquiries, which led
to explanations by Mr. J. R. Ingersoll.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL moved an amendment
to the amendment, striking out the words: "And
that he also cause to be prepared and reported at
the same time such modifications of the present
statutes as may be deemed of public utility."
A debate followed, in which Messrs. COBB,
McClelland, rathbun, and gordon,
took part-
Mr. GORDON then moved to lay the resolution
and amendments on the table. Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House take a re-
cess, this day, from half after two p. m. to five
o'clock p. m. Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of "Ways
and Means, to which was referred the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
.Tune 30, 1848, together with the amendments of
the Senate thereto, reported the same to the House;
and the bill and amendments were committed.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, from the committee of
conference on the part of the House, on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments to the bill making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department, made a re-
port, which was read and agreed to.
The joint resolution of the Senate to refund
money to the States which have supplied volun-
teers and furnished them transportation, during
the present war, before being mustered and re-
ceived into the service of the United States, was
taken up, read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DANIEL asked leave to make a report
from the Committee of Claims. Objected to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
• The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Hamj.iw in the chair,) and proceeded to consider
the amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year ending June
30, 1848.
The 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, Ctli, 9th, 10th, 17th, 18th,
19th, and 20th amendments of the Senate were
rend find agreed to.
The 13th amendment of the Senate, as amended
by the recommendation of the Committee of "Ways
and Means, was read and agreed to.
The 1st, 7th, 8th, 11th, 12th, 14th, 15th, 16th, I
and 21st amendments of the Senate were, on re- j
commendation of the Committee of Ways and |
Means, disagreed to.
The 22d amendment of the Senate, which pro- '
vided $2,200 for the repair of the bridge across
the Potomac river, in the District of Columbia,
was read.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended that the House disagree thereto. '
Some discussion followed, in which Messrs
CHAPMAN of Maryland, McDOWELL of'
Ohio, McGAUGHEY, PENDLETON, ROB- i
ERTS, SCHENCK, PAYNE, and GEO. W. I
JONES, took par <
The question was then taken on the amendment, j
and it was agreed to: Ayes 80, noes 77. I
The 23d amendment was read. The Committee |
of Ways and Means recommended that the House j
concur in this, with an amendment reducing the '
amount $10,000. j
Mr G IDDINGS was debating this amendment; j
when, ,
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the committee !
temporarily rose, and a committee of conference I
on the part of the House was appointed to confer
with a similar committee 011 the part of the Senate,
on the disagreeing -votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill to establish certain post
routes.
The Committee of the Whole then again resumed
its session; and Mr. GIDDINGS resumed and
concluded his remarks.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee then
rose, and adopted a resolution to close all debate
in committee on the Diplomatic Bill in five min-
utes; and the committee again resumed its session.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, replied to
Mr. Giddings.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
agreed to, and the 23d amendment of the Senate,
as amended, was then agreed to.
The 24th, 25th, 26th, and 27th amendments of
the Senate were read and agreed to.
The 28th amendment of the Senate was read.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommended
a concurrence in this amendment, with an amend-
ment. The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was agreed to.
Mr. DARRAGH moved to amend the Senate's
amendment, by adding thereto an appropriation of
$50,000 for the erection and completion ot'the ma-
rine hospitals at Pittsburg, Louisville, Paducah,
and Cleveland. Disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended by
the recommendation of the Committee of Waya
and Means, was agreed to; as was also the 29th.
The 30th amendment was read and disagreed {o.
The 31st amendment was read.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved to amend the
same by striking out all thereof, and inserting aa
follows; which was disagreed to:
" That the sum of six thousand dollars be appropriated to-
wards the payment for a painting to fill th© remaining panel
in the Rotundo: Provided, That before any contract he made
with any artist, the Joint Committee on the Library shall
adveitise for artists to send in sketches 01 cartoonsand
after a f ill examination of such sketches or cartoons, and hav-
ing inference to the subject and the capacity of the artist, the
said Joint Committee shall have power to'make a contract
for paid painting: Provided further, That the sum to be paid
shall not exceed in the whole ten thousand dollars."
Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN moved to amend
the vScnate amendment, by providing "that the
subject of the painting shall be the Landing of the
Pilgrims at the city of St. Mary's, Maryland, May
20, 1634." Disagreed to.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved to add a pro-
viso, designating as the subject of the painting the
departure of the expedition under General George
Rogers Claik against Vinceiiries. Disagreed to.
Mr. WOOD WORTH moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out the name of the artist,
"Powell/'and inserting that of " Rossiter." Dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved to add the following
proviso to the amendment: " Provideds The sub-
ject of the painting shall be the crossing; the Mis-
sissippi river by De Soto, at the fourth Chickasaw
Bluff, in 1542." Disagreed to.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to strike out the name of
"Powell," and insert "Dale;" and also moved
that the subject of the painting be the u Council
held by General George Rogers Clark at North
Bend, 1794, with the Indians." Disagreed to.
Mr. .T. R. TNG-ERSOLL moved to strike out
the name of the artist, so as to leave it free to com-
petition. Disagreed to.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
31st amendment of the Senate, and it was agreed
to: Ayes 69, noes 48.
The 32d, 33d, 34th, 35th, 37th, 38th, 39th, and
40th amendments of the Senate were read and dis-
agreed to.
The 36th amendment was read and agreed to.
The 41st amendment of the Senate was read.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommended
a disagreement thereto.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, moved to amend
the same as follows:
"That the President of the United States be requested to
consider the expediency of opening or continuing negotia-
tions with the Governments of other nations, and particu-
larly with those the terntonal juiisdiction ot which compre-
hends the Isthmus of Panama, and to which the United
States have accreditcd ministers or agents, for the purpose
of ascei taming the practicability of effecting a communica-
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by the con-
sti uetion of a ship canal across the Isthmus, and of leaving
foiever, hy suitable tieaty stipulations, the free and equal
right of navigating such canal to all nations, on the payment
ot reasonable tolls. And that the President be ako requested,
in any negotiations in reference to a treaty which mav here-
after be had with the republic of Mexico, to consider the
expediency of providing for the construction of a ship canal
or railroad between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, by the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec,or other practicable route; and the
procuring by treaty the lights of territory and jurisdiction
neces&ary for the construction; preservation, and control of
the same; and that the sum of ten thousand dollars be ap-
piopnated to carry the foregoing into effect."
This amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the 41st
