570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Democratic ranks; but he insisted that, if such a
blow as this feature of the bill proposed to inflict
upon their honor should be perpetrated, it would
be a blow at the spirit, the honor, and the virtue
of the whole army. It was a blow which would
ultimately recoil on every man who inflicted it not
only, but upon every man in this nation. It was
neither more nor less than this: a proposition to
place civil polity, ay, he might say, civil politics
and party politics, in the van of all the honor and
all the bravery which adorned our army.
In Europe men were educated for the military
profession,-and it had been the policy of our
fathers to have their armies led by men properly
trained to the military art, as well as in civil ac-
complishments; and yet now, because General
Taylor, who had never thought of the Presidency,
or of running the race to obtain it, but whose whole
life had been spent in camps and in the field, who
had won victory after victory, and added more to
the national glory than any other man now living,
happened unfortunately to be cursed with the
name of "Whig," he must be superseded and
publicly dishonored and disgraced.
Mr. H. said there were times when good men
felt that party was nothing, and that country was
all. But, if what we read in Greek and in Roman
story was true, it seemed as if the time was fast
coming in this republic, when public -virtue would
be a crime, and to have promoted the glory of thi
Government would but ensure a man's disgrace
and prepare the way for his ruin. Surely this was
a day when gentlemen on all sides of the House
should'agree to sacrifice their petty political differ1
ences and feuds on the altar of their common coun-
try, and resist so monstrous a scheme as was now
on foot to pla*e a civilian, a politician, over the
heads of veteran officers who had rendered the
country the most valuable services, merely because
they did not happen to belong to the pure un-
sophisticated Democratic school. Yes; that was
the alpha and the omega of their offence. We had
bepn precipitated (he eared not by whom) into a
war in which we could not retreat without dis-
honor, nor advance without a complication of mis-
eries. Was this a time to place at the head of the
national forces a mere politician, who was in-
triguing as a candidate for the next Presidency?
Mr. H. said when he looked at what was pass-
ing around him, he sometimes doubted whether
we should have a next President. If gentlemen
went ou with their disorders, and conducted the
public business in the way they were now doiuir,
it might well be doubted whether we ever should
have another Presidential election.
Mr. GROVER here interposed, and reminded
the Chair that the gentleman at the outset had
promised to speak but five minutes: was not the
time up?
The CHAIR replied that the gentleman was in
order.
Mr. HOLMES resumed, and further insisted on
the absurdity of appointing a man who had led
only party forces in the political arena to super-
sede gallant and veteran officers in the field. Should
so scandalous a measure prevail, he trusted in God
that all the brave and higfifninded men that now
held distinguished positions in our army would
at once resign and leave the field to this new Earl
of Mar.
Mr. H. also adverted to the low state of the
finances, and complimented the bravery of gen-
tlemen in voting men and money and pushing on
the war, who dare not impose a paltry tax on tea
and coffee to meet the expenses of the war. An-
other sort of patriots were for disturbing the whole
country by their Wilmot proviso, and then con-
trived to make their own peace with the Execu-
tive, and escape the responsibility of the confusion
they had set on foot.
Before Mr. H. would consent to disgrace our
officers by voting for such a degrading proposition, j
he would consent never to sec the Congress again,
or ever call himself a party man. He knew the
time of the House was precious, (and the House
had proved it by wasting three hours of this even-
ing in doing nothing,) and he should not, therefore,
protract his remarks; but, if it must pass here, he
trusted it never would get through the other branch
of the Legislature.
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
Mr. B. thereupon moved to adjourn,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 3, 1847.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
On motion by Mr. SEYIER, it was ordered
that the Senate take a recess this day from four to
six o'clock p.m.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, to whom was referred a memorial of Lieu-
tenant William M. Walker and others, officers
who were engaged in the late Exploring Expedi-
tion, submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill to confirm the
title of a tract of land in the Territory of Iowa to
the heirs, assignees, or legal representatives of
Julien Dubuque, deceased; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Greene, in relation to the compensation allowed
to the laborer employed in the care of the furnaces
and fires, was considered and agreed to.
Mr. CHALMERS, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the memorial of
Barret Edwards Potter, praying that the speech of
the Hon. Thomas Corwin be printed at the pub-
lic expense, reported that the memorial be not
printed. '
Mr. C., from the same committee, to whom the
motions for printing the memorial of the Irish Em-
igrant Society of New York, the memorial of John
S. Kinsley and Joseph Pearson, and the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of New York, were
referred, reported that the same be printed.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill from the
House making further provision for the expenses
attending the intercourse between the United States
and foreign nations, reported the same with amend-
ments.
Mr. S. gave notice that he should call the bill
lip at one o'clock; but the House having, in the
meantime, acted upon the bill of the Senate for the
same object, it was rendered unnecessary.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the bill from the House to
authorize the constituted authorities of the city of
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, to enter certain
islands between the landings of said city and the
main channel of the Mississippi river.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to a third reading,
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in commit-
tee of the whole, the bill from the House for the
relief of the citizens of Beetown, in the Territory
of Wisconsin.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to a third reading,and
I was, by unanimous consent, read a third time and
1 passed.'
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in commit-
tee of the whole, the bill from the House creating
a collection district in Maine, and constituting Ban-
gor, in said district, a port of entry and delivery.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to a third reading,
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the bill from the House for
the relief of Joseph Warren Newcombe.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to a third reading,
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred the bill from the House, au-
thorizing a register to be issued to the brig Leveret,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the House to prohibit the sale at private entry
of certain lands in Cincinnati, Ohio, reported the
same with an amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the bill from the House to cre-
ate an additional land district in the Territory of
Wisconsin, and for other purposes.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to a third reading,
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. ALLEN moved to take up, for considera-
tion, the bill to establish a government in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon. It was a bill of great importance.
Inducements had been held out to our citizens to
go there, and, in consequence of these inducements,
our people had gone out there to settle themselves,
and had taken possession of the miserable rem-
nant of territory which had been left to us. The
question was, whether we would expatriate these
citizens and drive them to transfer their allegiance
to another Power, or perform the promises under
which they had been induced to settle the terri-
tory ?
The motion was agreed to, the bill was taken
up for consideration, as in committee of the whole,
and the amendments reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary were read and agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate.
Mr. EVANS said that this was an important
bill, and could not be passed without some time
being taken for consideration. If it were now to
be pressed to a discussion, all the other bills on
the calendar would be thrown out.
Mr. ALLEN replied that the bill was of great
importance. A similar bill was under considera-
tion last session. He understood the whole thing:
he always had understood it. This bill was to be
defeated in order to induce the people in the Terri-
tory to set up an independent government, and to
constitute themselves a new republic, which was
the darling project of some Senators. We were
called on to decide, now and forever, whether any
of our Territories shall be permitted to separate
themselves and to form a separate government to
the dismemberment of the Union. There could
be no other object in this opposition but to induce
these settlers to stand on their independence. The
Northwest interest was at this moment the small-
est and the weakest of all the three interests. On
one side they were opposed by the southern inter-
est, and on the other by the New England interest—
outnumbered and outweighed by both. It was
said there was not time to act on this bill. He had
had no control over it. It came from the House
a long time ago. He had proposed the consider-
ation of it now, to test the sense of the Senate if
there should be a dismemberment of the Union or
not. Last session we had been told that we could
not go into the construction of a government for
Oregon until a certain question was disposed of.
By the time the treaty was completed, it was too
late to act on it. And now it was just the same
thing; and it would be nine months before the next
session. Ever since 1820, efforts had bee.n made
from time to time to induce the Government to ex-
tend its protection over these settlers, but these
attempts had always been defeated. Last session
we were deterred by the fear of offending Queen
Victoria. That fear had passed away before, the
close of the session; and then it was the want of
time. He understood the matter. It was the two
old wings overshadowing the new centre. He
was determined this matter should be generally
understood, and he would examine the yeas and
nays, on every question bearing on this, since the
year 1820, in order to show from what sections of
the country the opposing votes had come. It was
a question of balance of power. The old North
and the old South dreaded the power of the new
centre.
Mr. BADGER said that as he was a young Sen-
ator, and this matter was quite new to him, he
would be glad to hear the explanation of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. EVANS said there was to be no discussion
on this bill. He was perfectly at a loss to com-
prehend what the Senator from Ohio meant. But
he thought it too late to go into a discussion at this
late period, and he would therefore renew his mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table; and on this ques-
tion he asked the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Archer, Badger, Ba^hy, Berrien, Butler
Calhoun, Cilley, Evans, Greene JtfuntingtonjJarnagm, John-
son or Maryland, Mangum, Miller, MoreJiead, Pearee, Up-
ham, Webster, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atcliison, Benton, Breese,
