372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
SUSPENSION OF SEVENTEENTH JOINT RULE.
The seventeenth joint rule,'which declares that
" no bill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate shall be
presented to the President of the United States,
for his approbation', on the last day of the session,"
was, 011 motion, suspended.
MINESOTA.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the Sena'te pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to establish
the territorial government of Minesota.
The bill being before the Senate as in committee
of the whole,
Mr. EVANS asked what was the population of
Minesota? ^ ,
Mr. ASHLEY said it was estimated at about
six thousand.
Mr. EVANS. Had there been any application
from the inhabitants for the establishment of a
government ?
Mr. ASHLEY said that he was not informed
of any.
Mr. HUNTINGTON desired to know when
there had been an enumeration. He moved to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY said there had been no enumer-
ation,because there had been no government estab-
lished.
Mr. EVANS. Had there been lands sold, or
any surveys made?
Mr. ASHLEY replied in the negative. It was
intended to send a surveyor into the territory after
the passage of this bill.
Mr. EVANS did not doubt that it was intended
to create offices.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE made a few inaudible re-
marks. He was understood to say, that he thought
the population was not one-tenth of the number
stated. It consisted chiefly of persons employed
by the fur company at Fond du Lac. The terri-
tory was within the boundary of Wisconsin.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
laid on the table.
TREATIES WITH CHINA AND TURKEY.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
committee of the whole, the bill from the House
to carry into effcct certain provisions in the treaties
between the United States and China and the Otto-
man Porte, giving certain judicial powers to minis-
ters and coiisuls of the United State3 in those
countries.
Mr. EVANS, at the request of the Secretary of
State, moved to amend the bill by inserting an ap-
propriation for a consul general m Egypt; which
was agreed to.
Mr. R. JOHNSON made a few remarks on the
legal operation of the third section of the hill,
which he regarded as infringing on the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. WEBSTER thought it probable that some
legislation under the existing treaty with China
was necessary. He would not desire to sanction
the punciple that American citizcns might be hung
after an examination by our consul and some four
or five assessors. He suggested the propriety of
letting the bill lie over until next session, and moved
to lay it on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY explained, that by our treaty
with China, we refused to let our citizens be pun-
ished under the Chinese laws. So it was also in
Turkey. Should one of our citizens kill a Chi-
nese, the efi'ect would be to break up all inter-
course between the two countries. The law of
China is, that whoever takes the life of another
must forfeit his own. This bill gave to our con-
sul the same powers which were possessed by the
British consul. He would suggest, however,
whether the bill might not be so amended as to
empower the consul to send the criminal home,
instead of putting him to death. This might sat-
isfy the Chinese; as they would reasonably expect
that his punishment would be inflicted according
to our laws.
The bill was then laid on the table.
EDITOR OF THE UNION.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the resolution of the 13th of Feb-
ruary last, by which the Senate expelled Thomas
Ritchie from the floor of the Senate, be, and it
is hereby, rfecinded, and that the said Thomas
Ritchie be, and he is hereby, restored to the full
enjoyment of all the rights of which he was de-
prived by the passage of said resolution.
Mr. A. asked that the resolution be now con-
sidered.
Mr. EVANS objected, and it was laid over un-
der the rule.
CITY OF MADISON, INDIANA.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the bill relinquishing to the
city of Madison, in the State of Indiana, all the
right and title of the United States to certain strips
of unsurveyed land lying within the limits of said
city, and bordering on the Ohio river.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to a third reading,
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed.
THE FLORIDA TREATY.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill further to carry into effect
the provisions and stipulations of the ninth article
of the Florida treaty, with respect to certain losses
of Spanish subjects in West Florida; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
COMMITTEES DISCHARGED.
The several standing committees were, on mo-
tions severally made, discharged from the further
consideration of all subjects referred to them and
not reported on.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
executive business, and remained therein until the
hour of four, when a recess was taken until six
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The bill from the House modifying the sub-
treasury act was received, with information that
the House had suspended the ] 6th joint rule.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the 16th joint rule be
suspended, in order to allow the bill to be taken
up.
Mr. BADGER hoped the rule would not be sus-
pended. Here was a bill brought in at a late hour
on the last day of the session, when there had
been ample time to have sent it in at a much earlier
date.
Mr. SEVIER thought it would be discourteous
to the House not to suspend the rule when that
body had asked it.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative: Ayes 23, noes 13.
The bill was read a first time by its title, and
on the question, '' Shall the bill have a second read-
ing ?"
Mr. BADGER objected, under the rule which
precludes the second reading of a bill the same day
on which it is introduced. So the bill was lost.
Mr. DIX, from the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendment to the bill to
appoint general officers, made a report on the same;
aiid on the question, " Will the Senate concur in
the report?"
Mr. WEBSTER wished to know what was the
exact position of the amendment giving the Presi-
dent the power to appoint a junior officer to com-
mand a senior. He desired to know if this power
was to be conferred without previously obtaining
the opinion of the Senate on the subject;
Mr. DIX said the report was m the hands of
the Senate. The committee of the Senate had met
the conferees on the part of the House, and the re-
port was before the Senate. It proposed that the
Senate recede from its disagreement to this amend-
ment of the House.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the Senate adhere
to its disagreement.
Mr. WESTCOTT said that the principle im-
bodied in the amendment of the House was in vio-
lation of all military rules. '
Mr. MANGUM suggested that a motion to ad-
here was not now strictly in order. He was op-
posed to the amendment of the House. Without
having any very clear opinion on the subject, as
he had but recently looked into the rule, he thought
the true course woulrj. be to vote a non-concurrence
with the report of tlie committee of conference.
We might then appoint another committee of con-
ference. The bill authorizing the ten additional
regiments of regulars could not go into operation
without the officers authorized by this bill.
Mr. DIX suggested the propriety of taking the
question separately on the amendments.
Mr. MANGUM had no objection.
Mr. WEBSTER modified his motion by making
it a motion to non-concur in the report of the com-
mittee of conference; and the motion being agreed
to, the Senate refused to concur.
Mr. MANGUM moved that another committee
of conference should be appointed, which was
agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the Chair appoint
the committee, and announce the names to the
Senate, which was agreed to.
The CHAIR announced Mr. Dix, Mr. Evahs,
and Mr. Badof.r, as the committee.
Mr EVANS, on the part of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes to the amend-
ments on the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government,
made a report thereon; which report was concur-
red in.
The joint resolution to authorize the President
of the United States to employ public vessels to
transport food to the suffering poor of Ireland and
Scotland, was taken up and passed.
The amendment of the House to the bill for the
relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones was concur-
red in.
The Senate then took up the bill to authorize
the construction of four naval steamships, and the
amendments of the House were concurred in.
The Senate proceeded to eonsider the joint reso-
lution authorizing the purchase of land for the use
of the armory at Harper's Ferry. Passed.
A resolution was submitted by Mr. CRITTEN-
DEN, and adopted, authorizing the assistant door-
keeper to convey the remains of the late Alexan-
der Barrow, to the State of Louisiana, when
requested by his widow.
A like resolution was submitted by Mr. SE-
VIER, and adopted, authorizing the conveyance
of the remains of the late Mr. Pennybacker, of
Virginia.
The Senate then took up the private calendar,
and passed every private bill that originated in the
House, with the exception of that for the relief of
David Myerle.
After an executive session, the Senate adjourn-
ed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 3, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr.PILLSBURY rose and asked leave to change
his vote on the amendment of the Senate in relation
to the "Amistad." Mr. P. had voted in the nega-
tive. He now desired to vote in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could change
his vote only by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Objection was made.
Mr. PILLSBURY moved to suspend the rules
so that he might have his vote changed.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was un-
necessary, as the application of the gentleman would
appear on the Journal.
Mr. DANIEL asked leave to make a report
from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. IIENLEY objected, and moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the committees be call-
ed for reports.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House proceed to
the unfinished business of yesterday.
The SPEAKER announced that when the House
adjourned last night the previous question was op-
erating on the motion of Mr. McHenry that the
House recede from its amendment to the Senate
bill providing for an additional number of general
officers.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS inquired if the pre-
i vious question, when seconded, set aside the busi-
1 ness of the morning hour.
i The SPEAKER, (Mr. Hopkins presiding,) on
! examination, decided that it did not
| Mr. WINTHROP said, that having in vain en-
! deavored to get any action on the bill m the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, he moved to suspend
the rules for the purpose of enabling him to move
j a resolution instructing the Committee of Ways
J and Means to report the bill for the relief of Ire-
i land; which motion was decided in the negative:
; Yeas 53, nays 102. _ _ ■
I Mr. CARROLL inquired of the chairman of the
