1847. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE.
m
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. McKay] if
the committee had acted on the bil! for the relief of
the sufferers in Ireland and Scotland.
Mr. McGAUG-HEY asked that the House take
up and act on the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections in relation to the rights to seats
of certain members.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order at
tlris time.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to take up the joint
14 resolution from the Senate granting the use of cer-
tain ships of war to transport provisions to the
suffering: people of Ireland and Scotland.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order at
present.
Committees were then called for reports; when
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which was referred the bill making ap-
propriations for the payment of naval pensions for
the year ending June 30, 1848, with the amend-
ment of the Senate thereto, reported the same with
amendments, viz:
Strike out the item " providing for the payment
of pensions under the privateer pension fund," and
add to the Senate amendment a provision autho-
rizing the President to use out of any money ap-
propriated by the civil and diplomatic bill, the navy
appropriation, or the army appropriation bill, not
exceeding in amount the sum of $3,000,000, to
be used to aid in the negotiation of a peace with
Mexico.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a question of order,
stated that the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (the chairman of the
committee) had not been authorized by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and had never been
heard by that committee.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Hopkins presiding) ruled
the amendment out of order; from which an appeal
was taken.
The question was stated and put on the appeal,
viz: Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?
It was decided by yeas and nays, a large ma-
jority voting to sustain the Chair.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate, and it was agreed to.
So the bill stands passed.
Mr. HXJNGERFORD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, made a report on the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of the 8th of December last,
(Mr. Rathbun's ,) in relation to secret agents of the
Department. The report was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOS. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to offer
a resolution. It was objected to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to suspend the rules;
two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of W. Hogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased; read twice
and committed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, to which was
referred the Senate amendments to the bill for the
relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones, reported the
same back to the House, recommending that the
House disagree to the Senate's amendments to said
bill.
Mr. MORRIS moved to lay the bill on the table.
Disagreed to: Yeas 76, nays 81.
Mr. MORRIS then moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GILES moved the previous question; which
was not seconded.
The morning hour having expired—
The unfinished business of yesterday was taken
up, viz: the question on ordering the main ques-
tion on the motion of Mr. McIIenry, that the
House recede from their amendment to the Senate
bill authorizing an additional number of general
officers, i. e. Will the House concur with the Sen-
ate in their amendment disagreeing to the amend
ment of the House authorizing the President to de-
signate and assign one of the major generals to be
commander-in-chief of the army in Mexico.
, The question was decided by yeas and nays as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Banimrer, Bayly, Bell, Milton Brown, Burt, W.
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, J. G. Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier,
Dargan, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Doekery, John H,
Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Giddmgs, Graham, Grinnell,
Hale, Hampton, Harper, Henry, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes,
John W. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, An-
drew Johnson, D. P. King, Levin, Lewis, Long, McClelland,
McGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley,
Newtotn Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Ripley, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenek, Seaman,
Seddon, Severance, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Strohin, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
Tibbatt<5,Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop, Wood-
ward, Wright, and Young—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Bedinger, James
Black, James A. Black,Bowdon,Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff,
Bioekenbroueh, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Cathcart,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Cullom, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Douglass, Dunlap, Edsall, ElleU, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran,
Fieklm, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, I-Iar-
manson, Henley, Iioge, Hopkins, Hough, G. S. Houston,
Hmigerfoid, James B. Hunt, C. J. Ingcisoll. Jenkins, Joseph
Johnson, G. W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy,
Pre>ton King, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin,
McCIean. McDaniel, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Barkley Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven,
Owen, Parrish, Pavne, Perrill, Perry, Pettit, Pillsbury, Rath-
bun, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle,
Sawyer, Scannnon, Alexander D. Sim*, Leonard II. Sims,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stiong, Svkes, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thuiman, Tredway, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
worth, and Yost—105
So the amendment of the Senate was disagreed
to.
The remaining amendments of the Senate were
read, viz: striking out the amendments of the
House.
The question was put separately on each amend-
ment, and they were severally disagreed to.
So the House insisted on their amendments.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, a committee of con-
ference on the part of the House was appointed to
confer with a similar committee on the Senate's
part on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill authorizing the appointment of an ad-
ditional number of general officers.
The bill for the relief of Francis Summeraner
was read the third time and passed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the House
resolve itself into committee on the Three Million
Bill of the Senate.
Mr. McGAUGHEY rose to a question of priv-
ilege. He moved to rake up the report and reso-
lutions of the Committee of Elections in regard to
the right of Edward D. Baker and Thomas W.
Newton to seats as Representatives in the 29th
Congress.
The first resolution declares that Edward D.
Bakf.r has not been entitled to a seat as a Repre-
sentative since his acceptance of an appointment in
the volunteer service.
The second resolution declares that Thomas W.
Newton is entitled to a seat as the Representative
from the State of Arkansas.
The question was put, and the House refused to
take up the report and resolutions.
Mr. RAMSEY moved a resolution suspending
the 17th joint rule for the purpose of presenting to
the President for his approval certain bills.
Mr. SEABORN JONES moved to amend the
resolution so as to include "such other bills as
might be passed this day." Agieed to: Yeas 91,
nays 56.
The resolution as amended was then agreed to.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
The Houseresolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb in the
chair,) and took up the Three Million Bill as it
passed the Senate.
Mr. WILMOT moved to add to the bill the
clause generally known as the Wilmot proviso, in
the following words:
"ProvisleJ, That there Khali be neither slavery nor invol-
untary servitude in any territory on the continent of Amer-
ica which shall hereafter be acquired by or annexed to the
United States by virtue of this appropriation, or in any other
manner whatever, except for crimes, whereof the^party shall
have been duly convicted-' Provided, always, That every
peison escaping into such t.rritory from whom labor or ser-
vice is lawfully claimed in anyone of the United States,
such fugitive may be lawfully claimed and convened out of
said territory to the power claiming his or her labor oi ser-
VlCMr. GRAHAM moved to amend Mr. Wit.mot's
proviso by striking out all after " provided," and
inserting—
"Ifanv territory be acquired by the United States from
Mexico the Missouri compromise" line of 36° 30' shall be ex-
tended direct to the Pacific Ocean ; that is, slaveiy shall be
prohibited north of that line and allowed south ot it."
Disagreed to: Ayes 64, noes 96-
The question recurred on the proviso moved by
Mr. Wilmot, and it was agreed to: Ayes 90, noes
80. *
The committee then rose and reported the bill.
Mr. RATHBUN moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered and put, viz: Will the House agree to the
amendment reported by the Committee of the
Whole? (the Wilmot proviso.) It was decided in
the negative by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ctuincy Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashmuri, Benton, Brinkerhoff, William W. Camp-
bell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart,Collamer,Collin,
Cranston, Cummins, Darragh, Delano, De Mott, Dillingham,
Dixon, Dunlap, Ellswoith, John H. Ewing, Foot, Fries,
Giddings, Gordon, Grinnell, Grover, Hale, Hamlin, Hampton,
Harper, Henry, Elias B. Holmes, Hough, John W. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, Jtomes B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H.
Johnson, Kennedy, D. P. King, Preston King, Lawrence,
Levin, Lewis, McClelland, Jos. J. McDowell, McGaughey,
McTlvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Moulton, Niven, Norris,
Pernll, Pettit, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ripley, Hitter,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rout, Runk, Sawtelle,
Scammon, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, Strohm, Sykes,
Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Vance, Vinton, Went-
wort'n, Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilmot, Winthiop,
Wood, Wrnrht, and Yost—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bajly, Bedmger, Bell, James Black, James A. Black, Bow-
don,*Bovvlm, Boyd, Bioekenbroueh, Biodhead, M. Brown,
William G Brown, Bart, John G. Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Cocke,
Cotlrell, Ciozi^r, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan,
Garrett Davif, Duckeiy, Douglass, Edsall, Ellen, Erdman,
Edwin H. Ewing, Foster, Garvin, Gentry, Giles, Graham,
Haunanson, Henley, Hilhaid, I-aac E. Holmes, Hopkins,
George S Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Thomas B. King, Leake,
Leffler, La Sere, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, McCIean, Mo-
Daniel, McHenry, McKay, John P. Ma>un, Barkley Martin,
Moiris, Morse, Newton, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Pendleton,
Perry, Pillsbury, Reid, Rclfe, Rhett, Roberts, Russell, Saw-
yer, Soddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simp-
son, Robert Smith, Stanton, Strong, Thomasson, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway,
Trumbo, Wick, Woodward, Woodworth, and Young—102.
So the amendment was*rejected.
Mr. WILMOT moved to lay the bill upon the
table*, which motion was decided byyeas and nays:
Yeas 87, nays 114.
The bill was then read a third time.
The previous question was moved and seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put, viz: Shall
the bill pass ? It was decided in the affirmative by-
yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Benton, James Black, J. A. Black, Bowdon, Bowiin,
Boyd, Broclcenbrough, Brodhead, William G. Biown, Burt,
John H. Campbell, Cathcait, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Collin, Coftieli, CuHom,
Cuminms, Cunningham, Daniel, Daigan, De Mott, Dobbin,
Douglass, Dromgooie, Dunlap, Edsall, EHetr,FJlswoith, Erd-
man, Faran, Fieklm, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Gordon, Harroar-
son, Henley, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S.
Houston, Ecfmund W. Hubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Hunter, Charles J. Inscrsoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnsoi ,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geoige W. Jone«, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman,Kennedy, Lawrence, Leake, Leffler,
La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, MrClean,MeCle!!aml, MoOratf,
McDaniel, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Baikley Martin, Morris, Morse, Newton, Niven, Norus,
Owen, Panish, Payne, Peirill, Perry, Pilhbuiy, Reid, Reli'e,
Rhett, Ritter. Roberts,kussell. Sawtelle, Scammon, Seddon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Robeit
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strong, ken, James Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns, Tied-
way, Wick, Williams, Woodwaid, Woodworth, and Yost
—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Barringer, Bell, Brmkeilioff, Milton Brown, Bui-
fingtou, William W. Campbell, Carioil, John G. Chapman,
Cocke, Collamer,CiaiMon, Cumei, Darragh, Delano, Di.\-
on, Doekery, John II. Ew Edwin II. Ewing, Foot, Gen-
try, Giddings, Giaham, Cininell, Grovei. Hale, Hamlin,
, Hampton, Harper, Henry, Liilhaitf. Hoge, Elias B. Holmes,
| John W. Houston. Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washing-
i ton Hunt, Joseph R. Ingei-oll, Daniel P King, Preston Kin?,
I Thomas Butler King,Lewis, Long, McGaughey, McHenn,
i Mcllvame, Marsh. Millei, Mo&eley, Moulion, Pendleton,
! Pollork, Ramsey, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A. Roek-
' well. Root. Runk, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman
! Smith, Albert Smith, C. B Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Thom-
1 a--son. Benjamin Thompson, Ti umbo, Vance, Vinton, Went-
! worth, Wheaton, White, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Wright,
! and Young—81.
1 So the three million bill was passed.
A motion was made to reconsider the vote just
' taken on the foregoing bill, and the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
I THE SUB-TREASURY.
| The House resolved itself into Committee of the
; Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb in
the chair.)
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to take up the bill
amendatory of the act to provide for the better
organization of the treasury, and for the collection,
