574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement,- of the
public revenue. Agreed to.
Some remarks were made by Messrs. SEA-
MAN and DROMGOOLE; when,
On motion ofMr. McKAY, the committee rose
and reported progress.
Mr. McKAY moved the usual resolution to
close all debate in Committee of the Whole ir
thirty minutes after the committee shall again re-
sume its session.
Which resolution was agreed to.
The House again went into Committee of the
Whole, and the debate was continued by Messrs.
J. R. INGERSOLL and W. W. CAMPBELL.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT moved to amend
the first section by striking out the same, $nd in-
serting, " That an act entitled * An act to provide
for the better organization of the Treasury, and
for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue/ approved Au-
gust 6, 3846, be and the same is hereby repealed.''
disagreed to.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to amend
the second section by inserting between the word
u payment" and the words " he may be so per-
mitted, " the words "or prefers to receive any
drafts or notes of any person or corporation," so
as to leave it optional with any public creditor to
receive Treasury drafts at par, or notes of persons
or corporations.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WINTHROP said that he could not for-
bear calling the attention of the House to this sec-
ond section of the bill. It furnished an admirable
illustration of the financial policy of the Adminis-
tration. The Government was to receive from its
debtors nothing but gold and silver or treasury
notes at par; but when it came to its creditors, the
case was to be changed. If the Government had
no gold and silver, and its notes were at a dis-
count, the creditor was to be forced to take the
notes at par, or to go without his payment. The
coolness with which this was held out as a positive
privilege to the creditor was quite amusing. If the
creditor prefers depreciated paper to nothing, (this
section provides,) he shall be permitted to receive
such paper! To this complexion it had come at
last. The Government was to turn banker, to be
come a grand dealer in paper money, and to be al-
lowed to pay its debts in its own depreciated notes.
Thus at last were accomplished the predictions
that the sub-treasury system was only a Govern-
ment bank in disguise, and a bank, as it now ap-
peared, which was to be authorized to commence
its career by dealing in a depreciated currency.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to amend
the third section by adding the following proviso;
which was disagreed to:
"Provided, also, That the Secretary of War and Secreta-
ry of the Navy shall not be hereby authorized to issue any
of said notes or drafts as a paper currency or medium of
exchange in sums of les-% amount than live dollars each."
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to add, at the
end of the third section, "And whenever an amount
of specie exceeding $4,000,000 shall be found in
the treasury of t0he United States, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to invest such
surplus in Government stock." Disagreed to.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to strike
out the third section of the bill. Disagreed to.
Mr, RIPLEY moved to strike out the word
" thereof,'* in the third section, and insert in its
lieu the words of such coin." Disagreed to.
Mr. SEAMAN moved as an amendment to this
bill the Senate bill of last session, to establish a
branch mint of the United States in the city of
New York.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to amend the
amendment, as follows; which was agreed to:
"Jind be it further enacted, That whenever the treasurer
shall be appointed, named in the ninth section of this act,
all moneys, books, and paper* in the hands of the assistant
treasurer in the city of New York shall be transferred to the
treasurer of the biatich mint established by this act; and
said bianch mint shall thereafter be the place of deposite foi
the pubhe money* instead of the rooms now used m the
custom-house; and the treasurer of «aid branch mint shall
be subject to all the provisions contained in an act entitled
'An act to provide for the better organization of the treasury,
and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue,' approved August 6,1846, which
relate to the treasurer of the branch mint at New Orleans."
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment as amended, when—
The hour appointed for taking a recess having
arrived, the chair was vacated until five o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The question had recurred, when the recess took
place, on Mr. Seaman's amendment as amended.
It was now put, and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved unamend
the bill by adding the following; which was disa-
greed to:
" Sec. 8. Jind be it further engeted, That in all cases pro-
vided for in this act in which the officers of the Government
of the United States are authorized to pay any public credit-
or the sums due him m any other manner than in gold and
silver coin, the said several officetg shall not require in pay-
ment of duties or for the public lands gold and silver coin
only, but the same kind of currency may be received as is
authonzed to be paid by the officeis of the Government."
Mr. I. E. HOLMES moved a new section au-
thorizing and providing for the establishment of a
branch mint at Charleston, South Carolina. Dis-
agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported the'bill.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question; and
under its operation the amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to lay the
bill on the table; which motion was decided in the
negative: Yeas 42, nays 75.
The question recurring on the passage of the^
bill, it was put, and the bill was passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
The title was amended by adding " and to estab-
lish a branch mint in the city of New York."
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the sixteenth joint
rule was suspended, on the part of the House, for
the purpose of sending the foregoing bill to the
Senate.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee of Conference
on the part of the House, appointed to confer with
a similar committee on the part of the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
providing for the appointment of an additional
number of general officers for the army in Mexico,
made a report.
The report was read. The principal and most
important recommendation it made was that the
Senate recede from their disagreement to the fourth
amendment of the House, authorizing the Presi-
dent to designate and assign one of the major gene-
rals,-without respect to date of commission, &c., to
be commander-in-chief of our army in Mexico.
Some discussion followed the reading, in which
Messrs. ASHMUN, CARROLL, C. J. INGER-
SOLL, SIMS of South Carolina, BAYLY, and
WOODWORTH, took part.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question; which
was seconded, and the main question was ordered
to be put, viz: Will the House concur with the
Committeeof Conference in their report? and it was
decided in the affirmative: Yeas 92, nays 68.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Hamlin in the chair,) and proceeded to consider
the bill from the Senate providing for the building
and equipment of four naval steamships, together
with the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House.
A debate followed, in which Messrs. T. B.
KING, GARRETT DAVIS, and MILLER, took
part; after which the committee rose and reported
progress.
Mr. T. B. KING moved the usual resolution
closing the debate in committee on the war steamer
bill in ten minutes after the committee shall again
resume its session. Agreed to.
The House again resolved itself into committee
on the bill, and the debate was continued by Mr.
DOUGLASS until the expiration of the time al-
lowed for debate.
The amendment proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs was then agreed to, and the com-
mittee rose and reported the bill as amended.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered, viz: Will the House concur with the
Committee of the Whole in their amendment?
The question was put, and the amendment
agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
_ The bill from the Senate relinquishing to the
city of Madison, in the State of Indiana, a strip
of land lying on the Ohio river, &c., was taken
up, read three times, and passed.
The joint resolution of the Senate for lighting
with gas the Capitol and Capitol grounds was taken
up, read three times, and passed.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill for the
reduction of costs and expenses of proceedings^n
admiralty against ships and vessels was concurred
in. So the bill stands passed.
The joint resolution concerning the purchase of
additional land for the use of the armory at Har-
per's Perry and Springfield was taken up, read the>,
third time, and passed.
/The joint resolution authorizing the employment
/of the United States ships Macedonian and James-
town to transport provisions to the suffering poor
in Ireland and Scotland was taken up; and, after
some remarks by Messrs. WINTHROP and HIL-
LIARD—
Mr. BRODHEA.D moved the previous question;
and, under its operation, the joint resolution was
ordered to be read a third time.
After some remarks by Messrs. C. J. INGER-
SOLL, JACOB THOMPSON, STANTON, and
J. R. INGERSOLL—
The previous question was moved, and, under
its operation, the resolution was passed.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to reconsider the vote
just taken on the passage of the resolution, and
also moved to lay that motion on the table; which
jatter motion'was agreed to.
Mr. PAYNE asked leave to offer a resolution.
Objected to.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to discharge the
Committee of the Whole, but waived the motion
in order to enable
The SPEAKER to present the bill reorganizing
the Indian Department of the United States, which
had been returned from the Senate with sundry
amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read and
concurred in; and the bill stands passed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House several
Executive communications; which were read and
laid on the table.
The question was then put on Mr. Brinker-
iioff's motion to discharge the committee from the
joint resolution of the Senate to refund to the sev-
eral States moneys advanced for volunteers, and
agreed to.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HOIIjMES, of South Carolina, rose to a
question of order. The gentleman from Ohio
moved to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the ground that the resolution involved no ap-
propriation. Mr. H. inquired where the money
was to come from that is proposed to be refunded
by-this resolution ?
The CHAIR decided that the resolution did in-
volve an appropriation.
The resolution was then recommitted to a Com-
mittee of the Whole.
COMPLIMENT TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. VINTON rose and said : I avail myself of
the temporary absence of the Presiding Officer of
the House to make a motion which I am sure will
be acceptable to us all. In testimony of the respect
and good will of the House, I offer for its adoption
a resolution of thanks to the Speaker. It is drawn
up in the language in which other resolutions have
been presented on similar occasions. I believe it
has been usual to present the resolution of thanks
without remark or commendation other than what
is expressed on the face of the resolution itself.
But I hope I shall not be thought too far to en-
croach on the usage, in such cases if I say, in one
word, that personally it gives me great pleasure to
offer this resolution, and that the ability, fidelity,
dignity, and, above all—and far better than all
these—the impartiality with which the Speaker has
discharged the duties of his office, richly merit what
I doubt not will be accorded to him, the unanimous
thanks of the House.
Mr. V. then sent to the Clerk's table a resolu-
tion, which presented the thanks of the House to
the Hon. John W. Davis, for the able, dignified,
and impartial manner in which he has discharged
his duties as Presiding Officer of this House for
the 29th Congress.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS and Mr. ISAAC E.
HOLMES rose and seconded the resolution, and
it was passed by a unanimous vote.
Mr. McKAY, from the committee on conference
on the part of the House, appointed to confer with
a similar committee on the part of the Senate, on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
