1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, made a re-
port, which was read and concurred in.
Mr. HILLIARD moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole. Agreed to.
And the House accordingly resolved "itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Cobb in the chair.)
Mr. HILLIARD moved to take up the bill to
regulate the diplomatic intercourse of the United
States. Disagreed to. ~
Mr. G-ROVER moved to take up the Senate bill
to amend an act entitled " An act to raise for a lim-
ited time an additional military force, and for other
purposes." Agreed to.
The bill was read and concurred in.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to take up the
joint resolution of the Senate to refund to certain
States moneys advanced for the equipment and
transportation of volunteers for the Mexican war.
Agreed to.
The resolution was read and concurred in.
Mr. ROBERTS moved to take up a Senate bill
(title not heard.) Disagreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to take up Senate bill to
Surchase the manuscript papers of the late James
ladison. Disagreed to.
Mr. DANIEL moved to take up the Senate bills
in their order.
Mr. BOYD moved that the committee rise.
Agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose and reported
the bill and joint resolution acted on.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, another committee
of conference on the part of the House was ap-
pointed to confer with a similar committee on the
part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments to the bill autho
rizmg the appointment of an additional number of
general officers for the army in Mexico, the Senate
having disagreed to the report of their former com-
mittee.
The Senate bill to amend an act entitled " An
act to raise for a limited time an additional military
force, and for other purposes," was taken up, and
read the third time and passed.
The joint resolution of the Senate refunding to
certain States moneys advanced for the equipment
and transportation of volunteers for the Mcxican
war, was taken up, and read the third time and
passed.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones was taken up.
The question was put on concurring with the
Senate in their amendment, and disagreed to.
Mr. PAYNE called up the resolution authori-
zing the Clerk to pay John Lee a certain amount
(sum not known) for services as hostler and keep-
er of the public stables.
Mr. FOSTER moved to amend the resolution
by adding an additional resolution authorizing and
directing the Clerk to pay to the officers, messen-
gers, pages, and laborers, the same amount allow-
ed and paid by the Senate to their officers, mes-
sengers, &c.j for extra services at the close of the
present session. [Note. The name of the Clerk
was omitted among the other officers at his special
request.]
The amendment was agreed to: Ayes 95, noes
29; and the resolution as amended was then agreed
to.
A motion was made to reconsider the vote by
which the bill from the Senate was passed relin-
quishing to the city of Madisonville, in the State of
Indiana, a strip of land lying on the Ohio river; and,
after some remarks by Messrs. COLLAMER,
HENLEY, and C. B. SMITH, the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the calendar of private Senate
bills, (Mr. McClelland in the chair.)
A joint resolution for the relief of Orlando Salt-
marsh and William Fuller was taken up to be re-
ported to the House.
Mr. GROVER moved that the committee rise.
Disagreed to.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes was
then taken up.
Mr. TIIXJRMAN moved that the committee
rise. Agreed to.
The committee rose and reported.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN moved to
the rules, so as to enable him to make a motion to
admit the ladies on the floor of the House.
A call of the House was moved, but withdrawn
at the request of—
Mr. SCHENCK, who submitted some remarks,
and afterwards moved to gg into committee and
take up Mrs. Madison's bill, Mrs; Hamilton's bill,
and Mrs. McRea's bill.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order
pending the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CHAPMAN withdrew the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. HENLEY asked leave to offer a resolution.
It was objected to.
Mr. HENLEY moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the resolution providing for the
printing of 9,000 copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of Patents for the use of the Patent Of-
fice, and 5,000 copies for the use of the members
of the House.
The rules were suspended, and the resolution
was read and agreed to.
The joint resolution to prohibit the sale at pri-
vate entry of certain land in the city of Cincinnati,
Ohio, which had been returned from the Senate,
with an amendment, was taken up.
Mr. STANTON opposed thebill, and was speak-
ing to it, when he gave way, to enable the House
to take up the message of the Senate, communica-
ting the report of the committee of conference on
the bill to authorize the appointment of an addi-
tional number of general officers, (fee.
The report was read. Its principal and most
important recommendation is, that the House re-
cede from its amendment authorizing the Presi-
dent to designate«.and assign one of the major gen-
erals, without regard to date of commission, &c.,
provided for in the bill, to be commander-in-chief
of the army in Mexico.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question; and,
under its operation, the report was concurred in.
Mr. STANTON resumed and concluded his re-
marks on the joint resoliuion to prohihit the sale
at private entry of certain lands in the city of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN moved the previous question;
and, under its operation, the amendment of the
Senate was concurred in, and the resolution stands
passed.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, (Mr. Vance in the chair,) and endeav-
ored to take up the bill to purchase the Madison
papers.
The attempt was ineffectual, and the committee
rose for want of a quorum.
A call of the House was then moved, which mo-
tion was decided by yeas and nays in the negative
by a large majority. But a quorum having voted,
The committee again resumed its session.
On motion of Mr. BAYLY, the bill authorizing
the purchase of the Madison papers was taken-up.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to amend the bill
by striking out the sum of "$25,000" and insert-
ing in lieu thereof "$5,000."
Mr. B. opposed the bill at some length, and was
replied to by Mr. BAYLY.
The question was taken otvthe amendment of
Mr. B. and it was rejected.
The committee then rose and reported the hill.
A motion was made to lay the bill on the table;
which was rejected.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, a committee on
the part of the House, to join a similar committee
on the part of the Senate, was appointed to wait
on the President to ascertain if he had any com-
munication to make to Congress.
And it was also ordered that a message be sent
to the Senate to inform that body that the House,
having completed the business before it, was ready
to adjourn sine die.
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question on
the bill to purchase the manuscript papers of the
late James Madison.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved that the
House adjourn sine die; but withdrew it at the re-
quest of—
Mr. BAYLY, who made some remarks in rela-
tion to the bill providing for the purchase of the
Madison papers, and concluded by withdrawing
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES then renewed his motion that the
House adjourn sine die; which motion was decided
in the negative: Yeas 33, nays 83.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a question of
privilege, and asked leave to offer a resolution.' It
was objected to.
Mr. W. moved a suspension of the rules, and
asked that the resolution might be read.
The reading was objected to, but is as follows:
jResolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means are hereby directed to report forthwith to
this House the Senate bill referred to them for the
relief of Ireland.
There were many] points of order as to the right
to have the resolution read for information, &c.,
and the discussion on these questions was stillgoing
on, when—
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON, from the commit-
tee appointed to wait on the President to ascertain
if he had any further communication to make to
Congress, made a report. ' ^
Mr. COBB then moved that the House adjourn,
sine die.
The question was put and decided in the affirm-
ative.
SPEAKER'S VALEDICTORY.
The SPEAKER then* rose and addressed the
House as follows :
Gentlemen: By the vote just taken you have
determined that the 29th Congress shall now close
its labors, and the members composing it are to be
separated, many of them forever. This separation
is painful to many of us: I trust it is so to all, for
we met as friends. It cannot, it must not be,
that we part as enemies. If, unhappily, any un-
kind feelings shall have been engendered within
this Hall, during the excitement of debate or of
social intercourse, I conjure you as a friend and
brother, that within these walls they now be for-
ever buried and forgotten.
This Congress has been one of unusual and mo-
mentous interest—passing upon questions of war
and of peace—questions upon which difference of
opinion must of necessity exist, and upon which
it is advantageous to the Republic that differences
of opinion should exist. It prevents the abuses to
which majorities so often tend, and excites a vigi-
lance, a prudence, and a care always promotive of
the best interests of the commonwealth. Itis trite
but true in politics, at least, that it is manly to dif-
fer, but childish to quarrel because we differ.
I have endeavored to the best of my ability to
redeem the pledge I made you at the opening of
this Congress, viz: that, in my official duties as
Speaker, I should strive to know no party but the
people, and no locality but the country. In how
far I have failed to be thus governed must be left
to you and your constituents to determine.
I return to you, gentlemen, my sincere and heart-
felt thanks for the resolution which you have
adopted approbatory of my conduct as your pre-
siding officer; and permit me to assure you that I
view it not as a commonplace compliment, offered
by your hands and sanctioned by your voices,
without your feeling what the resolution itself ex-
presses. The kindness and courtesy, the forbear-
ance and liberality, with which you have always
treated me, teaches me that you feel what you
have so kindly expressed; and, in return, I can «ay
that to each and every member of this body I
entertain not only the kindest feelings, but there is
implanted in my breast feelings of interest and
attachment that shall only go out with my life.
To those gentlemen who have so kindly relieved
me in the performance of the arduous duties of the
chair, I am under particular and personal obliga-
tions.
And now, gentlemen, with a fervent hope that
each of you may long live to enjoy the approval
of your country, your conscienccs, and yourcon-
' stituents,! proceed to consummate your last official
act by pronouncing this House adjourned without
day.
So the House adjourned.
