- f\
APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
New Series....Wo. 1.
This is the first number of the Appendix to the
Congressional Globe for this session—the 2d of
the 29th Congress. We will print several thou-
sand surplus copies for the purpose of supplying
those who may subscribe \vithin a reasonable
time—say by the 10th of January—with complete
copies. The Appendix will contain the Presi-
dent's Messages; the Reports of the Heads of the
Executive Departments; and all the Speeches made
in both Houses of Congress which the members
write out or revise.
The Congressional Globe is printed in the
same form as the Appendix, and contains the
speeches of the members, condensed; all the reso-
lutions offered; and the yeas and nays on every
important question. We will print, also, several
thousand surplus copies of it, to supply those who
may subscribe hereafter with complete copies.
The price for this session is $1 for the Appen-
dix, and 01 for the Congressional Globe, or $5
for six copies of either.
MESSAGE
of the
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives :
In resuming your labors in the service of the
people, it is a subject of congratulation that there
has been no period in our past history, when all
the elements of national prosperity have been so
fully developed. Since your last session no afflict-
ing dispensation has visited our country; general
g*ood health has prevailed; abundance has crowned
the toil of the husbandman; and labor in all its
branches is receiving an ample reward, while edu-
cation, science, and the arts, are rapidly enlarging
tne means of social happiness. The progress of
our country in her career of greatness, not only in
the vast extension of our territorial limits and the
rapid increase of our population, but in resources
and wealth, and in the happy condition of our peo-
ple, is without example in the history of nations.
As the wisdom, strength, and beneficence of our
free institutions are unfolded, everyday adds fresh
motives to contentment, and fresh incentives to
patriotism.
Our devout and sincere acknowledgments are
due to the gracious Giver of all good, for the num-
berless blessings which our beloved country en-
j°ys-
It is a source of high satisfaction to know that
the relations of the United States with all other
nations, with a single exception, are of the most
amicable character. Sincerely attached to the
policy of peace, early adopted and steadily pur-
sued by this Government, I have anxiously de-
sired to cultivate and cherish friendship and com-
merce with every foreign Power. The spirit and
habits of the American people are favorable to the
maintenance of such international harmony. In
adhering to this wise policy, a preliminary and
paramount duty obviously consists in the protec-
tion of our national interests from encroachment
or sacrifice, and our national honor from reproach.
These must be maintained at any hazard. They
admit of no compromise or neglect, and must be
scrupulously and constantly guarded. In their
vigilant vindication, collision and conflict with for-
eign Powers may sometimes become unavoidable.
Such has been our scrupulous adherence to the
dictates of justice, in all our foreign intercourse,
that, though steadily and rapidly advancing in
prosperity and power, we have given no just cause
of complaint to any nation, and have enjoyed the
blessings of peace for more than thirty yeais.
From a policy so sacred to humanity, and so sal-
utary in its effects upon our political system, we
should never be induced voluntarily to depart.
The existing war with -Mexico was neither de-
sired nor provoked by the United States. On the
contrary, all honorable means were resorted to to
avert it. After years of endurance of aggravated
and unredressed wrongs on our part, Mcxico, in
violation of solemn treaty stipulations, and of every
principle of justice recognised by civilized nations,
commenced hostilities; and thus, by her own act,
forccd the war upon us. Long before theadvancc
of our army to the left bank of the llio Grande, we
had ample cause of war against, Mexico; and hod
the United States resorted to this extremity, we |
might have appealed to the whole civilized world I
for the justice of our cause. ]
I deem it to be my duty to present to you, on |
the present occasion, a condensed review of the 1
injuries we had sustained, of the causes which led
to the war, and of its progiess since its coimnnicc-
ment. This is rendered the more neccssary be-
cause of the misapprehensions which have to some
extent prevailed as to its origin and true character.
The war has been represented as unjust and unne-
cessary, and as one of aggression on our part upon
a weak and injured enemy. Such erroneous views,
though entertained by but few, have been widely
and extensively circulated, not only at home, but
have been spread throughout Mexico and the
whole world. A more effectual means could not
have been devised to encourage the enemy and
protract the war than to advocate and adhere to
their cause, and thus give them "aid and com- j
fort." |
It is a source of national pride aQd exultation, i
that the great body of our people have thrown no j
such obstacles in the way of the Government in [
prosecuting- the war successfully, but have shown j
themselves to be eminently patriotic, and ready to i
vindicate their country's honor and interests at any j
sacrifice. The alacrity and promptness with which ,
our volunteer forces rushed to the field on their I
country's call, prove not only their patriotism,but j
their deep conviction that our cause is just. _ :
The wrongs which we have suffered from Mexi- j
co almost ever since she became an independent !
Power, and the patient endurance with which we |
have borne them, are without a parallel in the his- j
tory of modern civilized nations. There is reason !
to believe that if these wrongs had been resented ■
and resisted in the first instance, the present war !
might have been avoided. One outrage, however, j
permitted to pass with impunity, almost necessa- j
rily encouraged the perpetration of another, until j
at last Mexico seemed to attribute to weakness and i
indecision on our part a forbearance which was the j
offspring of magnanimity, and of a sincere desire |
to preserve friendly relations with a sister re-
public. ; ;
Scarcely had Mexico achieved her mdepend- ;
ence, which the United States were the first anions ;
the nations to acknowledge, when she commenced ;
the system of insult and spoliation, which she has ;
ever since pursued. Our citizens engaged in law- t
ful commerce were imprisoned, their vessels seized, i
and our flag insulted m her ports. If money was j
wanted, the lawless seizure and confiscation of i
our merchant vessels and their cargoes was a ready 1
resource; and if to accomplish their purposes it be- '
qime necessary to imprison the owners, captains,
and crews, it was done. Rulers superseded rulerp
in Mexico in rapid succession, but still there was
no change in this system of depredation. The
Government of the United States made repeated
reclamations on behalf of its citizcns, but these
were answered b}' the perpetration of new out-
rages. Promises of redress raade by Mexico in
the most solemn forms were postponed or evaded.
The files and records of the Department of State
contain conclusive proofs of numerous lawless acts
perpetrated upon the property and persons of our
citizens by Mexico, and of wanton insults to our
national flag./ The interposition of our Govern-
ment to obtain redress was again and again in-
voked, under circumstances which no hation ought
to disregard.
(It was Hoped that these outrages would cease,
and that Mexico would bo restrained by the laws
which regulate the conduct of civilized nations in
their intercourse with each other after the, treaty
of amity, commerce, and navigation, of the 5th of
April, 1831, was concluded between the two re-^
publics; but this hope soon proved to be vain. .
The course of seizure and co(£scation of the prop-
erty of our citizens, the violation of their persons,
ana the insults to our Hag, pursued by Mexico
previous to that time, were scarcely suspended
for even a brief period, although tlie treaty so
clearly defines the rights and duties of the respec-
tive parties that it is impossible to misunderstand
or mistake tliem. In less than seven years after
the conclusion of that treaty, our grievances had
become so intolerable, that in the opinion of Presi-
dent Jackson, they should no longer be endured.
In his message to Congress in February, 3837, he
presented them to the consideration of that body,
and declared that " the length of time since some
' of the injuries have been committed, the repeated
' and unavailing applications for redress, the wan-
'ton character of some of the outrages upon the
' property and persons of our citizens, upon the
' officers and flag of the United States, independent
4 of recent insults to this Government and people
4 by the late extraordinary Mexican Minister,
' would justify in the eyes of all nations immediate
'war." In a spirit of kindness and forbearance,
however, he recommended reprisals as a milder
mode of redress. He declared that war should
not be used as a remedy " by just and generous
'nations, confiding in their strength, for injuries
' committed, if it can he honorably avoided,5' and
added, " it has occurred to me that, considering the
'present embarrassed condition of that country,
' we should act with both wisdom and moderation,
'by giving to Mexico one more opportunity to
' atone for the past, before we take redress into
' our own hands. To avoid all misconception on
* the part of Mexico, as well as to protect our own
' national character from reproach, this opportu-
' nity should be given with the avowed design and
' full preparation to take immediate satisfaction, if
' it should not be obtained on a repetition of the
'demand for it. To this end I recommend that
' an act be passed authorizing reprisals, and the use
' of the naval force of the United States, by the
' Executive, against Mexico, to enforce them in
'the event of a refusal by the Mexican Govern-
' nient to come to an amicable adjustment of tne
' matters in controversy between us, upon another
' demand thereof, made from on board one of our
' vessels of war on the coast of Mexico.
Committees of both Houses of Congress, to
which this message of the President was referred,
fully sustained his views of the character of the
wrongs which we had suffered from Mexico, and
recommended that another demand for redress
