appendix to the congressional globe.
[Dec. 8,
29th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
should tie made before authorizing war or repn- ;
sals. The Committee on Foreign Relations of the ;
Senate, in their report, say: "After such a de- i
' mand, should prompt justice be refused by the j
' Mexican Government,'we may appeal to all na-
1 tions not only for the equity and moderation
' with which we shall have acted towards a sister
' republic, but for the necessity which will then
* compel us to seek redress for our wrongs, either
' by actual war or by reprisals. The subject will
' then be presented before Congress, at the com-
' mencement of the next session, in a clear and :
'distinct form; and the committee cannot doubt ;
' but that such measures will be immediately ;
' adopted as may be necessary to vindicate the :
' honor of the country, and insure ample repara- f
1 tion to our injured citizens." j
The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House ,
of Representatives made a similar recommend^- ;
tion. In their report, they say that they " fully j
• concur with the President that ample cause exists 1
'for taking redress into our own hands, and be- ;
' lieve that we should be justified in the opinion of :
' other nations for taking such a step. But they |
' are willing to try the experiment of another de- j
' mand, made in the most solemn form, upon the I
' justice of the Mexican Government, before any j
' further proceedings are adopted." I
No difference of opi nion upon the subject is be-
lieved to have existed in Congress at that time;
the executive and legislative departments con-
curred; and yet such has been our forbeaiance and
desire to preserve peace with Mexico, that tne
wrongs of which we then complained, and which
gave rise to these solemn proceedings, not only
remain unredressed to this day, but additional
causes of complaint, of an aggravated character,
have ever since been accumulating.
Shortly after them proceedings, a special mes-
senger was despatcwd to Mexico, to make a final
demand for redress; and on the twentieth July, 1837,
the demand was made. The reply of the Mexican
Government bears date on the twenty-ninth of the
same month, and contains assurances of the " anx-
ious wish" of the Mexican Government "not to
' delay the moment of that final and equitable adjust-
' ment which is to terminate the existing difficulties
'between the two Governments;" that "nothing
1 should be left undone winch may contribute to the
'most speedy and equitable determination of the
' subjects which have so seriously engaged the at-
' tendon of the Amoi ican Government;" that the
"Mexican Government would adopt, as the only
'guides for its conduct, the plainest principles of
'public right, the sacred obligations imposed by
' international law, and the religious faith of trca-
' ties;" and that " whatever leason and justice
' may dictate respecting each case will be done."
The assurance was further given, that the decision
of the Mexican Government upon each cause of
complaint, for which redress had been demanded,
should be communicated to the Government of
the United States by the Mexican Minister at
Washington.
These solemn assurances, in answer to our de-
mand for redress, were disregarded. By making
them, however, Mexico obtained further delay.
President Van Buren, in his annual message to
Congress of the fifth of December, 1837, states,
that " although the larger number" of our demands
for redress, and " many of them aggravated cases
' of personal wrongs, have been now for years be-
' fore the Mexican Government, and some of the
* causes of national complaint, and those of the
' most offensive character, admitted of immediate,
' simple, and satisfactory replies, it is only within
' a few days past that any specific communication
' in answer to our last demand, made five months
' ago, has been received from the Mexican Minis-
' ter;" and that " for not one of our public com-
' plaints has satisfaction been given or offered: that
' but one of the cases of personal wrong has been
' favorably considered, and that but four cases of
• both descriptions, out of all those formally pre-
' sented, and earnestly piessed, have as yet been
.'decided upon uy the Mexican Government."
/"President Van Buren, believing that it would be
' vain to make any further attempt to obtain redress
by the ordinary means within the power of the
Executive, communicated this opinion to Con-
gress, in the message referred to, in which he said:
" On a careful and deliberate examination of the
' contents, [of the correspondence with the Mexi-
' can Government,] and considering the spirit mani-
' fested by the Mexican Government, it has be-
' come my painful duty to return the subject as it
' now stands to Congress, to whom it belongs, to
' decide upon the time, the mode, and the measure
' of redress." Had the United States at that time
adopted compulsory measures, and taken redress
into their own hands, all our difficulties with
Mexico would probably have been long since ad-
justed, and the existing war have been averted.
Magnanimity and moderation on our part only
had the effect to complicate these difficulties, and
render an amicable settlement of them the more
embarrassing. That such measures of redress,
under similar provocations, committed by any of
the powerful nations of Europe, would have been
promptly resoited to by the United States, cannot
be doubted. The national honor, and the preser-
vation of the national character throughout the
world, as well as our own self-respect and the pro-
tection due to our own citizens, would have ren-
dered such a resort indispensable. The history i
of no civilized nation in modem times has pre- !
sented within so brief a period so many wanton j
attacks upon the honor of its flag, and upon the j
property and persons of its citizens, as had at that j
time been borne by the United States from the
Mexican authorities and people. But Mexico was
a sister republic, oil the North American continent,
occupying, a territory contiguous to our own, and
was in a feeble and distracted condition, and these
considerations, it is presumed, induced Congress
to forbear still longer.
Instead of taking redress into our own hands, a
new negotiation was entered upon with fair promis-
es on the part of Mexico, but with the real pur-
pose, as the event has proved, of indefinitely post-
poning the reparation which wc demanded, and
which was so justly due. This negotiation, after
more than a year's delay, resulted in the conven-
tion of the eleventh of April, 18.19, " for the adjust-
' ment of claims of citizens of the United States of
' America upon the Government of the Mexican
'republic." The joint board of commissioners
created by this convention to examine and decide
upon these claims was not organized until the
month of August, 1840, and under the terms of
the convention they were to terminate their duties
within eighteen months from that time. Four of
the eighteen months were consumed in preliminary
discussions on frivolous and dilatory points raised
by the Mexican commissioners; and it was not
until the month of December, 1840, that they
commenced the examination of the claims of our
citizens upon Mexico. Fourteen months only re-
mained to examine and decide upon these numerous
and complicated cases. In the month of Februa-
ry, 1842, the term of the commission expired,
leaving many claims undisposed of for want of
time. The claims which weie allowed by the
board, and by the umpire authorized by the con-
vention to decide in case of disagreement between
the Mexican and American commissioners, amount-
ed to two million twenty-six thousand one hun-
dred and thirty-nine dollars and sixty-eight cents.
There were pending before the umpire when the
commission expired additional claims which had
been examined and awarded by the American
commissioners, and had not been allowed by the
Mexican commissioners, amounting to nine hun-
dred and twenty-eight thousand six hundred and
twenty-seven dollars and eighty-eight cents, upon
which lie did not decide, alleging that his authority
had ceased with the termination of the joint com-
mission. Besides these claims, there were others
of American citizens amounting to three million
three hundred and thirty-six thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty-seven dollars and five cents, which
had been submitted to the board, and upon which
they had not time to decide before their final ad-
journment.
The sum of two million twenty-six thousand
one hundred and thirty-nine dollars and sixty-eight
cents, which had been awarded to the claimants,
was a liquidated and ascertained debt due by
Mexico, about which there could be no dispute,
and which she was bound to pay according to the
terms of the convention. Soon after the final
awards for this amount had been made, the Mexi-
can Government asked for a postponement of the
tim® of making payment, alleging that it would be
inconvenient to make the payment at the time
stipulated. In the spirit of forbearing kindness
towards a sister republic, which Mexico has so
long abused, the United States promptly complied
with her request. A second convention was ac-
cordingly concluded between the two Governments
on the thirtieth of January, 1843, which upon its
face declares that " this new arrangement is enter-
ed into for the accommodation of Mexico." By
the terms of this convention, all the interest due
on the awards which had been made in favor of
the claimants under the convention of the eleventh
of April, 1839, was to be paid to them on the thir-
tieth of April, 1843, and " the principal of the said
awards, and the inteiest accruing thereon," was
stipulated to "be paid in five years, in equal in-
stalments every three months." Notwithstanding
this new convention was entered into at the request
of Mexico, and for the purpose of relieving her
from embarrassment, the claimants have only re-
ceived the interest due on the thirtieth of April,
1843, and three of the twenty instalments. Al-
though the payment of the sum thus liquidated,
and confessedly due by Mexico to our citizens as
indemnity for acknowledged acts of outrage and
wrong, was secured by treaty, the obligations of
which are ever held sacred by all just nations,
yet Mexico has violated this solemn engagement
by failing and refusing to make the payment. The
two instalments due in April and July, 1844, under
the peculiar circumstances connected with them,
have been assumed by the United States and dis-
charged to the claimants, but they are still due by-
Mexico. But this is not all of which we have just
cause of complaint. To provide a remedy for the
claimants whose cases were not decided by the
joint commission under the convention of April
the eleventh, 1839, it was expressly stipulated by
the sixth article of the convention of the thirtieth
of January, 1843, that " a new convention shall
' be entered into for the settlement of all claims of
' the Government and citizens of the United States
' against the republic of Mexico which were not
' finally decided bythelate commission, which met
' in the city of Washington, and of all claims of the
1 Government and citizens of Mexico against the
1 United States."
In conformity with this stipulation, a third con-
vention was concluded and signed at the city of
Mexico on the twentieth tof November, 1843, by
the plenipotentiaries of the two Governments, by
which provision was made for ascertaining and
paying these claims. In January, 1844, this con-
vention was ratified by the Senate of the United
States, with two amendments, which were mani-
festly reasonable in their character. Upon a refer-
ence of the amendments proposed to the Govern-
ment of Mexico, the same evasions,' difficulties
and delays were interposed which have so long
marked the policy of that Government towards
the United States. It has not even yet decided
whether it would or would not accede to them,
although the subjcct has been repeatedly pressed
upon its consideration.
Mexico has thus violated a second time the
faith of treaties, by failing or refusing to carry into
effect the sixth article of the convention of Janu-
ary, 1843.
Such is the history of the wrongs which we
have suffered and patiently endured from Mexico
through a long series of years. So far from afford-
ing reasonable satisfaction for the injuries and in-
sults we had borne, a great aggravation of them
consists in the fact, that while the United States,
anxious to preserve a good understanding with
Mexico, have been constantly, but vainly, em-
ployed in seeking redress for past wrongs, new
outrages were constantly occurring, which have
continued to increase our causes of complaint, and
to swell the amount of our demands. While the
citizens of the United States were conducting a
lawful commerce with Mexico under the guaranty
of a treaty of " annty, commerce, and navigation, '
| many of them have suffered all the injuries which
j would have resulted from open war. This treaty,
I instead of affording protection to our citizens, has
1 been the means of inviting them into the ports of
Mexico, that they might be, as they have been in
numerous instances, plundered of their property,
and deprived of their personal liberty if they dared
insist on their rights. Had the unlawful seizures
of American property, and the violation of per-
