1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2n Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
sonal liberty of ouncitixcris, to say nothing of the
insults to our flag which have occurred in the
ports of Mexico, taken place on the high seas,
they would themselves long since have constituted
a state of actual war between the two countries.
In so long suffering Mexico to violate her most
solemn treaty obligations, plunder our citizens of
their property, and imprison their persons without
affording them any redress, we have failed toper-
form one of the first and highest duties which
every government owes to its citizens; and the
consequence has been, that many of them have
been reduced from-a state of affluence to bankrupt-
cy. The proud name of Amcncan citizen, which
ought to protect all who bear it from insult and
injury throughout the world, has afforded 110 such
protection to our citizens in Mexico. We had
ample cause of war against Mexico long before
the breaking out of hostilities. But even then we
forbore to take redress into our own hands, until
Mexico herself became the aggressor by invading
our soil in hostile array, and shedding the blood
of our citizens.
Such aie the grave causes of complaint, 011 the
part of the United States agvinst Mexico—1-causes
which existed long before the annexation of Texas
to the American Union: and yet, animated by the
love of peace, and a magnanimous moderation, we
■did not adopt those measures of redress which, un-
der such circumstances, are the justified resort of
injured nations.
The annexation of Texas to the United States
constituted no just cause of offence to Mexico.
The pretext that it did so, is wholly inconsistent,
and irreconcilable with well authenticated facts
connected with the revolution by which Texas be-
came independent of Mexico. That this may be
the more manifest, it may be proper to advert to
the causes and to the history of the principal events
of that revolution.
Texas constituted a portion of the ancient prov-
ince of Louisiana, ceded to the [Tinted States by
France in the year 1803. In the year 1819, the
United Stateaj by the Florida treaty, ceded to
Spain all that part of Louisiana within the present
imits of Texas; and Mexico, by the revolution
which separated her from Spam, and rendered her
an independent nation, succeeded to the rights of
the mother country over this territory. In the
year 1824, Mexico established a federal constitu-
tion, under which the Mcxican republic was com-
posed of a number of sovereign States, confedera-
ted together in a federal Union similar to our own.
Each of these States had its own Executive, Legis-
lature, and Judiciary, and, for all except federal
purposes, was as independent of the General Gov-
ernment, and that of the other States, as is Penn-
sylvania or Virginia under our Constitution. Texas
and Ooahuila united and formed one of these
Mexican States. The State constitution which
they adopted, and which was approved by the
Mexican confederacy, asserted that they were
" free and independent of the other Mexican Uni-
' ted States, arid of every other power and do-
' minion whatsoever;" and proclaimed the great
principle of human liberty, that " the sovereignty
' of the State resides originally and essentially in
' the general mass of the individuals who compose
' it." To the government under this constitution,
as well as to that under the federal constitution,
the people of Texas owed allegiance.
Emigrants from foreign countries, including the
United States, were invited by the colonization
laws of the State and of the federal Government
to settle 111 Texas. Advantageous terms were
offered to induce them to leave their own country,
and become Mexican citizens. This invitation
was accepted by many of our citizens, m the full
faith that m their new home they would be gov-
erned by laws enacted by representatives elected
by themselves, and that their lives, liberty, and
property, would be protected by constitutional
guarantees similar to those which existed 111 the
republic they h;ul left. Under a Government thus
organized they continued until the year 1835, when
a military revolution broke out in the city of
Mexico, which entirely subverted the Federal and
State constitutions, and placed a military dictator
at the head of the Government.
By a sweeping decree of a Congress subservi-
ent to the will of the dictator, the several State
constitutions were abolished, and the States them-
selves converted into mere departments of the
central Government. The people of Texas were
unwilling to submit to this usurpation. Resist-
ance to such tyranny becamea high duty. Texas
was fully absolved from all allegiance to the cen-
tral Government of Mexico from the moment that
Government had abolished her State constitution,
and in its place substituted an arbitrary and des-
potic central-Government.
Such were the principal causes of the Texan
revolution. The people of Texas at once deter-
mined upon resistance, and flew to arms. In the
midst of these important and exciting events, how-
ever, they did not omit to place their liberties upon
a secure and permanent foundation. They elected
members to a convention, who, in the month of
March, 1836, issued a formal declaration that their
" political connexion with the Mexican nation has
' forever ended, and that the people of Texas do
' now constitute amre, ^o\knf.k;-.:, and indf-pen-
' dent republic, and are fully invested with all
' the rights and attributes which properly belona to
'independent nations." They also adopted for
their government a liberal republican constitution.
About, the same time, Santa Ana, then the dicta-
tor of Mexico, invaded Texas with a numerous
army, for the purpose of subduing her peonle,and
enforcing obedience to his arbitrary and despotic
government. On the twenty-first of April, 183G,
he was met by the Texan citizen soldiers, and on
that day was achieved by them the memorable
victory of San Jacinto, by which they conquered
their independence. Considering the numbers en-
gaged on the respective sides, history does not
record a more brilliant achievement. Santa Ana
himself was anions the captives.
> { In the month of May, 183G, Santa Ana asknowl-
'fcdged, by a treaty with the Texan authorities, in
tile most solemn form, "the full, entnc, and per-
fect independence of the republic of Texas," It
is true, he was then a pusuner of war, but it is
equally true that be had failed to reconquer Texas,
and had met with signal defeat: that his authority
had not been revoked, and that by virtue of this
treaty he obtained his personal release. By it
hostilities were suspended, and the army which
had invaded Texas under his command returned,
in pursuance of this arrangement, unmolested, to
Mexico.
' From the day that the battle of San Jacinto was
fought until the present hour, Mexico has never
possessed the power to reconquer Texas.J In the
language of the Secretary of State of the United
States,"in a despatch to our Minister in Mexico,
under date of the eighth of July, 1843, " Mexico
' may have chosen to consider, and may still
' choose to consider Texas as having been at all
' times since 1835, and as still continuing, a rebel-
' lious province; but the world has been obliged to
' take a very different view of the matter. From
'the time of the battle of San Jacinto, in April,
' 1836, to the present moment, Texas has exhihit-
' ed the same external signs of national mdepen-
' dence as Mexico herself", and with quite as much
' stability of Government. Practically free and
' independent, acknowledged as a political sover-
' eignty by the principal Powers of the world, no
1 hostile foot finding rest within her territory for
' six or seven years, and Mexico herself refraining
' for all that period from any further attempt to re-
' establish her own authority ovei that territory,
' it cannot but be surprising to find Mr. de Boca-
' negra [the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Mcxi-
' co] complaining that for that whole period citi-
' zens of the United States, or its Government, have
' been favoring the rebels of Texas, and supplying
' them with vessels, ammunition, and money, as
' if the war for the reduction of the province of
' Texas had been constantly prosecuted by Mexi-
' co, and her success prevented by these influences
' from abroad." In the same despatch, the Secre-
tary of State affirms that " since 1837, the United
' States have regarded Texas as an independent
' sovereignty, as much as Mexico; and that trade
' and commerce with citizens of a Government at
' war with Mexico cannot, 011 that account, be re-
' garded as an intercourse by which assistance and
' succor are given to Mexican rebels. The whole
1 current of Mr. de Boeanegra's remarks runs in
1 the same direction, as if" the independence of
' Texas had not been acknowledged. It has been
' acknowledged—it was acknowledged in 1837,
!| ' against the remonstrance and protest of Mexico;
;' ' and most of the acts, of any importance, of which
il'Mr. de Bocanegra complains, flow necessarily
!| ' from that recognition. He speaks of Texas as
j ' still being ' an integral part of the territory of the
;! ' Mexican~Republic-' but he cannot but understand
; ' that the United ^States do not so regard it. f The
■ ' real complaint of Mexico, therefore, is, in sub-
;! ' stance, neither more nor less than a complaint
I'against the recognition of Texan independence,
r ' It may be thought father late to repeat that com-
11 ' plaint, and not quite just to confine it to the United
ij' States, to the exemption of England, France, and
'[ ' Belgium, unless theUnited States, having been the
!' first to acknowledge the independence of Mexico
' herseif, are to be "blamed for setting an example
ij ' for the recognition of that of Texas-!' And lie
I added, that " the Constitution, public treaties, and
' the laws, obliged the President to regard Texas
'as an independent State, and its teiritoiyas 110
' ' part of the territory of Mexico." Texas had been
'! an independent State, with an organized Gnvern-
' ment, defying the power of Mexico to ovei throw
; or reconquer her, for more than ten years before
Mexico commenced the present war against the
United States. Texas had given such evidence to
;,the world of her ability to maintain her separate
;i existence, as an independent nation, that she had
been formally recognised as such, not only by the
li United States, but by several oV the principal
!■ Powers of Europe. These powers had entered
!| into treaties of amity, commerce and navigation.
Ij with her. They had received and accredited her
l] ministers, and other diplomatic agents at their
■!: respective courts; and they had commissioned
ministers and diplomatic agents on their part to
I the Government of Texas. If Mexico, notwith-
,, standing all this, and her utter inability to subdue
or reeonouer Texas, still stublMrnly refused to re-
',co nise her as an independent nation, she was
none the less so on that account. Mexico heiself
: had be^n recognised as an independent nation by
, the United States, and by other Powers, many
years before Spain, of which, befoie her revolu-
1 tion, she had been a colony, would agiee to re-
cognise her as such, and yet Mexico was at that
tim , in the estimation of the civilized world, and
i in fact, none the less an independent power be-
cause Spain-still claimed her as acolony. It Spain
■ had continued until the present period to assert
that Mexico was one of her colonies, in rebellion
i1 against her, this would not have madelier so, or
ij nhana-ed the fact of her independent existence.
[ Texas, at the period of her annexation to the
i! United'States, bore the same relation to Mexico
that Mexico had borne to Spain for many years
'' before Spain acknowledged her independence, with
this important difference—that, before the annex-
1 ation of Texas to the United States was consum-
! mated, Mexico herself, by a formal act of her
Government, had acknowledged the independence
' of Texas as a nation. It is true, that in the act of
! recognition she prescribed a condition, which she
' j had no power or authority to impose, that Texas
! should not annex herself to any other Power; but
this could not detract in any degree from the rccog-
i mtion which Mexico then made of her actual mde-
; pendcnce. Upon this plain statement of facts, it
•| is absurd for Mexico to allege as a pretext for
I commencing hostilities against the United States,
, that Texas is still a part of her territory.
; But there cue those who, conceding all this to be
1 true, assume, the ground that the true western
1 boundary of Texas is the Nueces, instead of the
Rio Grande; and that, therefore, 111 marching our
army to the east b*:>k of the latter river, we passed
the Texan line, and invaded the territory of Me_xi-
" co. A simple statement of facts, known to exist,
will conclusively refute such an assumption. Tex-
as, as ceded to the United States by France in
, 1803, has been always claimed as extending west
! to the Rio Grande, or Rio Bravo. This fact is
' established by the authority of our most eminent
, statesmen at a period when the question was as
well, if not better understood, than it is at present.
'' Burinf Mr. Jefferson's administration, Messrs.
' Monroe and Pinckney. who had been sent on a
-special mission to Madrid, charged, among other
" things, with the adjustment of boundary between
the Two countries,«n a note addressed totheSgan-
' ish Minister of Foreign Affairs, under date of the
'■ twenty-eighth of January, 1 £Uo- assert that the
