appendix to the congressional glows.
[Dec. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sf.ss.
Message of the President.
Senate Ho. op Reps.
boundaries of Louisiana, as ceded to the United
States by Franco, "are the river Perdido on the
east, and the river Bravo on the west; and they
add, that "the facts and principles which justify
' this conclusion are so satisfactory to our &overn-
' ment as to convince it that the United States have
1 not a better right to the islani of New Orleans,
' under the cession referred to, than they have to
' the whole district of territory which is above
'described."
I Down to the conclusion of the Florida treaty,
in February, 1819, by which this territory was
ceded to Spain, the United States asserted and jj
maintained their territorial rights to this extent, j.
In the month of June, 1818, during Mr. Monroe s jj
administration, information having been received jj
that a nunibar of foreign adventurers had landed
at Galveston, with the avowed purposa of forming •
a settlement in that vicinity, a special messenger !j
was despatched by the Government of the Unitsd ;
States, with instructions from the Secretary of j
State, to warn them to desist, should they be found ,
there, " or any other place north of the Rio Bravo, j
and within the territory claimed by the (Jnited |
States.") He was instructed, should they be found j
in the country north of that river, to make known
to them " the surprise with which the President
1 has seen possession thus taken, without authority
' from the United States, of a place within their
' territorial limits, and upon which no lawful set-
' tfement can be made without their sanction."
He was instructed to call upon them to "avow
' under what national authority they profess to
' act," and to give them due warning "that the
' place is within the United States, who will suffer
' no permanent settlement to be made there, under
' any authority other than their own." - As late
as the eighth of July, lt542, the Secretary of State
of the United S tcs, in a note addressed to our
Minister in Mexico, maintains that, by the Florida
treaty of 1819, the territory as far west as the llio'
Grande was confirmed to Spain. In that note he
states that, " by the treaty of the twenty-second
' of February, 1819, between the United States and
' Spain, the* Sabine was adopted as the line of
* boundary between the two Powers. Up to that
'period, no considerable colonization had been
' effected in Texas; but the territory between the
' Sabine and the R.10 Grande being confirmed to
' Spain by the treaty, applications were made to
' that Power for grants of land, and surh grants,
' or permissions of settlement, were in fact made
' by the Spanish authorities in favor of citizens of
' the ifnited States proposing to emigrate to Texas
' in numerous families, betuic the declaration of
' independence by Mexico."
" The Texas which was ceded to Spain by the
Florida treaty of 1819 embraced all the country
now claimed by the State of Texas between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande. The republic of
Texas always claimed this river as her western 1
boundary, and in her treaty made with Santa
Ana, in May, 1830, he recognized it as such. j
By the constitution which Texas adopted in ;
March, 183G,senatorial and representative districts !
were organized extending west of the Nueces, j
The Congress of Texas, on the -nineteenth of De-
cember, 1830, passsd " an act to define the bound- :
aries ot' the republic of Texas," in which tliey de- ;
clared the Rio Grande from its mouth to its ]
resentatives residing west of the Nueces, who took
part in the act of annexation itself. This was the
Texas which, by the act of our Congress of the j
twenty-ninth of December, 1845, was admitted as |
one of the States of our Union. That the Congress
of the United States understood the State of
which they admitted into the Union to extend be-
yond the Nueces is apparent from the fact, that on
the thirty-first of December, 1845, only two days
after the act of admission, they passed a law " to
establish a oolleetion district in the State of Texas, '
by which they created a port of delivery at Corpus
Christi, situated west of the Nueces, and being
the same point at which the Texas custom-house,
under the laws of that republic, had been located,
and directed that a surveyor to collect the revenue
should be appointed for that port by the President,
by and with the advice and cbnsent of the Senate.
A surveyor was accordingly nominated, and con-
firmed by the Senate, and has b.een ever since in
% is 1 " . J i ^ J 11 iUA/.A nnffl At
Congress of that republic, for the purpose of sub-
mitting to that body the terms of annexation pro-
posed by the United States, the Government of
Mexice made serious threats of invading the Texan
territory.
j These threats became more imposing as it he-
| came more apparent, in the progress of the ques-
j tion, that the people of Texas would decide in
! favor of accepting the terms of annexation; and,
j finally, they had assumed such a formidable char-
j acter, as induced both the Congress and Conven-
' tion of Texas to request that a military force should
be sent by the United States into her territory for
: the purpose of protecting and defending her against
the threatened invasion. It would have been a
1 violation of good faith towards the people of
Texas to have "refused to afford the aid which
they desired against a threatened invasion, to
I which they had been exposed by their free deter-
annex themselves to our Union, in
miiicu uy miv UUtt    - —- - mination to
the performance of his duties. ?A11 these acts of H compliance with the overture made to them by the
the republic of Texas, and of our Congress, pre- jj joint resolution of our Congress.
ceded the orders for the advance of our army to
the east bank of the Rio Grande. Subsequently,
Congress passed an act " establishing certain post
routes," extending west of the Nueces. The
country west of that river now constitutes a part
of one of the congressional districts of Texas,
and is represented in the House of Representa-
tives. The Senators from that State were chosen
by a Legislature in which the country west of that
river was represented. In view of all these facts,
it is difficult to conceive upon what ground it j
can be maintained that, in occupying the country
west of the Nueces with our army, with a view i
solely to its security and defence, we invaded the
territory of Mexico.; But it would have been still
more difficult to justify the Executive, whose duty j
| it is to see that the laws be faithfully executed, if
in the face of all these proceedings, both of the '
Congress of Texas and of the United States, he
had assumed the responsibility of yielding up the :
territory west of the Nueces to Mexico, or of re- j
fusing to protect and defend this territory and its ■
inhabitants, including Corpus Christi, as well as
the remainder of Texas, against the threatened
Mexican invasion:
f But Mexico herself has never placed the war
which she has waged upon the ground that our
army occupied the intermediate territory between
the Nusees and the Rio Grande. Her refuted pre-
tension that Texas was not in fact an independent
State, but a rebellious province, was obstmatcly
persevered in, and her avowed purpose in com-
mencing a war with the United States was to re-
conquer Texas, and to restore Mexican authority
over the whole, territory—not to the Nueces only,
Accordingly, a portion of the army was ordered
to advance into Texas. Corpus Christi was the
j position selected by General Taylor. He encamp-
1 ed at that place in August, 1845, and the army
remained in that position until the eleventh of
March, 1846, when it moved westward, and on *
the twenty-eighth of that month reached the east
bank of the Rio Grande opposite to Matamoros.
This movement was made in pursuance of orders
from the War Department, issvied on the thirteenth
of January, 1846. Before these orders were issued,
the despatch of our Minister in Mexico, transmit-
ting the decision of the Council of Government of
Mexico, advising that he should not be received,
and also the despatch of our consul residing in the
city of Mexico—the former bearing date on the
seventeenth, and the latter on the eighteenth of
December, 1845, copies of both of which accom-
panied my message to Congress of the eleventh of
May last—were received at the Department of
State. These communications rendered it highly
probable, if not absolutely certaiff, that our Min-
ister would not be received by the Government of
General Herrera. It was also well known that
but little hope could be entertained of a different
result from General Paredes, in case the revolu-
tionary movement which he was proaecutin should
prove successful, as was highly probable. The
partisans of Paredes, as our Minister, in the de-
spatch referred to, states, breathed the fiercest hos-
tility against the United States, denounced the
proposed negotiation as treason, and openly called
upon the troops and the people to put down the
Government of Herrera by force. The reconquest
of Texas, and war with the United States, were
but to the Sabine. In view of the proclaimed j: openly threatened. These were the circumstances
menaces of Mexico to this effect, I deemed it my : ' "
duty, as a measure of precaution and defence, to
order our army to occupy a position on our fron-
tier as a military post, from winch our troops could
bast resist and repel any attempted invasion which
Mexico might make.
Our armv had occupied a position at Corpus '
Christi, west of the Nueces, as early as August
1845, without complaint from any quarter. Had j
the Nueces been regarded as the true western I
boundary of Texas, that boundary had been passed
existing, when it was deemed proper to order the
army under the command of General Taylor to
advance to the western frontier of Texas, and
occupy a position on or near the Rio Grande.
The apprehensions of a contemplated Mexican
invasion have been since fully justified by the
event. The determination of Mexico to rush into
hostilities with the United States was afterwards
manifested from the whole tenor of the note of the
Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs to our Min-
ister, bearing date on the twelfth of March, 1846.
source to be their boundary, and by the said act !j
they extended their "civil and political jurisdic- ' _ ...
.tion" over tile country up to that boundary.':t that, upon the invitation of both the Congress and
■ During a period of more than nine years, which j Convention of Texas, I had deemed ltjiroper to
intervened between the adoption of her constitu- j
tion and her annexation as on«*of the States of our !
Union, Texas asserted and exercised many acts |
ofsovereignty and jurisdiction over the territory
-and inhabitants west of the Nueces. She orga-
nized and defined the limits of counties extending to i
the Rio Grande. She established courts of jus-j
tice and extended her judicial system over the ter- j
ritory. She established a custom-house, and col- |
lected duties, and also post-offices and post roads
in it. She established a land office, and issued
numerous grants for land, withm its limits. A
Senator and a Representative residing m it were
elected to the Congrsss of the republic, and served
as such before the act of annexation took place. In
both thcCongress and Convention ofTexas, which
gave their assent to the terms of annexation to the
United States, proposed by our Congress, werS rep-
by our army many months before it advanced to jj Paredes had then revolutionized the Government,
the eastern bank of the Rio Grande. In my annual ;i and his Minister, after referring to the resolution
message of December last I informed Congress I1 for the annexation of Texas, which had been
~ ' adopted by our Congress m March, 1845, pro-
ceeds to declare that " a fact such as this, or, to
order a strong squadron to the coasts of Mexico, :j ' speak with greater exactness, so notable an act
and to concentrate an efficient military foice on the ' of usurpation, created an imperious necessity
western frontier of Texas, to protect and defend II ' that Mexico, for her own honor, should repel it
the inhabitants against the menaced invasion of j ' -with proper firmness and dignity. The supreme
Mexico. In that message I informed Congress i; ' Governmcnthad beforehand declared that it would
j that the moment the terms of annexation offered !
j by the United States were accepted by Texas, the j
! latter became so far a part of our own country as j
to make it our duty to afford such protection and I
defence; and that for that purpose our squadron }
had been ordered to the Gulf, and our army to j
" take a position between the Nueces and the Del j
Norte," or Rio Grande, and " to repel any invasion j
' of the Texan territory which might be attempted
' by the Mexican forces."
It was deemed proper to issue this order, be- j
cause, soon after the President ofTexas, in April, 1
1845, had issued his proclamation e&n veiling the i
look upon such an act as a '"'/.'.its1 hdli; and, as a
' consequence of this declaration, negotiation was,
' by its very nature, at an end, and war was the
' only recourse of the Mexican Government."
It, appears, also, that on the fourth of April fol-
lowing, General Paredes, through his Minister of
War, issued orders to the Mexican general in
command on the Texan frontier to " attack" our
army " by every means which war permits." To
this General Paredes had been pledged to the army
and people of Mexico during the military revolu-
tion which had brought him into power. On tha
eighteenth of April, 1846, General Paredes ad-
