1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5
29th Cong 2n Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate Si Ho. of Reps.
dressed a letter to the commander on that frontier,
in which he stated to him, " at the present date I
' suppose you at the head of that valiant army,
' either fighting already, or preparing for the oper-
' ations of a campaign;" and " supposing you al-
' ready on the theatre of operations, and with all the
' forces assembled, it is indispensable that hostili-
' ties be commenced, yourself taking the initiative
' against the enemy."
The movement of our army to the Rio Grande
■was made by the commanding general under pos-
itive orders to abstain from all aggressive acts to-
wards Mcxico, or Mexican citizens, and to regard
the relations between the two countries as peace-
ful, unless Mexico should declare war, or commit
acts of hostility indicative of a state of war; and
these orders he faithfully executed. Whilst occu-
pying lus position on the east bank of the Bio
Grande, within the limits of Texas, then recently
admitted as one of the States of our Union, the
commanding general of the Mexican forces, who,
in pursuance of the orders of lus Government, had
collected a large army on the opposite shore of the
Rio Grande, crossed the river, invaded our terri-
tory, and commenced hostilities by attacking our
forces.
Thus, after all the injuries which we had re-
ceived and borne from Mexico, and after she had
insultingly rejected a minister sent to her on a
mission of peaee, and whom she had solemnly
agreed to receive, she consummated her long
course of outrage against our country by commen-
cing an offensive war and shedding the blood of
our citizens on our own soil.
The United States never attempted to acquire
Texas by conquest. On the contrary, at an early
period after the people of Texas had achieved their
independence, they sought to be annexed to the
United States. At a general election in Septem-
ber, 1836, they decided with great unanimity in
favor of " annexation;" and in November follow-
ing, the Congress of the republic authorized the
appointment of a minister to bear their request to
this Government. This Government, however,
having remained neutral betweenTexas and Mex-
ico during the war between them, and considering
it due to the honor of "our country, and our fair
fame among the nations of the earth, that we
should not at this early period consent to annexa-
tion, nor until it should be manifest to the whole
world that the recooquest of Texas by Mexico
was impossible, refused to acccde to the overtures
made by Texas. On the twelfth of April, 1844,
and after more than seven years had elapsed since
Texas had established her independence, a treaty
was concluded for the annexation of that republic
to the United States, whicli was rejected by the
Senate. Finally,on the first of March, 1845, Con-
gress passed a joint resolution for annexing her to
the United States, upon certain preliminary con-
ditions to which her assent was required. The
solemnities which characterized the deliberations
and conduct of the Government and people of
Texas, on the deeply interesting questions pre-
sented by these resolutions, are known to the
world. The Congress, the Executive, and the
people of Texas, in a convention elected for that
purpose, accepted with great unanimity the pro-
posed terms of annexation; and thus consummated
on her part the great act of restoring to our federal
Union a vast territory which had been ceded to
Spain by the Florida treaty more than a quarter
of a century before.
After the joint resolution for the annexation of
Texas to the United States had been passed by
our Congress, the Mexican Minister at Washing-
ton addressed a note to the Secretary of State,
bearing date on the sixth of March, 1845, protest-
ing against it as " an act of aggression, the most
' unjust which can be found recorded in the annals
' of modern history, namely: that of despoiling a
' friendly nation, like Mexico, of a considerable
' portion of her territory," and protesting against
the resolution of annexation, as being an act
" whereby the province of Texas, an integral por-
' tion of the Mexican territory, is agreed and ad-
' mitted into the American Union:" and he an-
nounced that, as a consequence, his mission to the
United States had terminated, and demanded his
passports, which were granted. It was upon the
absurd pretext made by Mexico, (herself indebted
for her independsnce to a successful revolution.)
that the republic of Texas still continued to be,
notwithstanding all that had passed, a province of
Mexico, that this step was taken by the Mexican
Minister.
Every honorable effort has been used by me to
avoid the war which followed, but all have proved
vain. All our attempts to preserve peace have
been met by insult and resistance on the part of
Mexico. My efforts to this end commenced in
the note of the Secretary of State of the tenth of
March, 1845, in answer to that of the Mexican
Minister. Whilst declining to reopen a discussion
which had alijeady been exhausted, and proving
again what was known to the whole world, that
Texas had long sincc achieved her independence,
the Secretary of State expressed the regret of this
Government that Mexico should have taken offence
at the resolution of annexation passed by Con-
gress, and gave assurance that our " most stren-
' uous efforts shall be devoted to the amicable ad-
' justment of every cause of complaint between the
' two Governments, and to the cultivation of the
' kindest and most friendly relations between the
( sister republics.15
That 1 have acted in the spirit of this assurance will i
appear from the events which have Kmcesoccmred. i,
Notwithstanding Mexico had abruptly terminated j
all diplomatic intercourse with the United States, '
and ought, therefore, to have been the first to ask ;
for its resumption, yet, waiving all ceremony, I |j
embraced the earliest favorable opportunity " to ji
' ascertain from the Mexican Government whether ij
' they would receive an envoy from the United j,
' States intrusted with full power to adjust ail the i|
' questions in dispute between the two Govern- jj
' ments." In September, 1845, I believed the |j
propitious moment for such an overture had ar- [j
rived. Texas, by the enthusiastic and almost j|
unanimous will of her people, had pronounced in ||
favor of annexation. Mcxico herself had agreed ;
to acknowledge the independence ofTexas, sub- ,
ject to a condition, it is true, which she had no i.
light to impose and no power to enforce. The !
last lingering hope of Mexico, if she still could i
have retained any, that Texas would again become
one of her provinces, must have been abandoned. 1
The consul of the United States at the city of j j
Mexico was, therefore, instructed by the Secretaiy
of State on the fifteenth of September, 1845, to jj
make the inquiry of the Mexican Government.
The inquiry was made, and on the fifteenth of Oc- jj
tober, 1845, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the ■
Mexican Government, in a note addressed to our 1!
consul, gave a favorable response, requesting, at ij
the same time, that our naval force might be with- Jj
drawn from Vera Cruz while negotiations should !j
be pending. Upon the receipt of this note, our ji
naval force was promptly withdrawn from Vera i
Cruz. A Minister was immediately appointed, j
and departed to Mexico. Everything bore a prom- ! j
ising aspect for a speedy and peaceful adjustment ;j
of all our difficulties. At the date of my annual ij
message to Congress, in December last, no doubt
was entertained but that he would be received by ii
the Mexican Government, and the hope was cher- j
ished that all cause of misunderstanding between the
two countries would be speedily removed. In the
confident hope that such would be the result of his
mission, I informed Congress that I forbore at that
time to " recommend such ultenor measures of
' redress for the wrongs and injuries we had so
' long borne, as it would have been proper to make
'had no such negotiation been instituted." To ,,
my surprise and regret, the. Mexican Government, ' j
though solemnly pledged to do so upon the arrival 1!
of our Minister m Mexico, refused to receive and ;
accredit him. When he reached Vera Cruz, on j
the thirtieth of November, 1845, he found that the jj
aspect of affairs had undergone an unhappy change. ; I
The government of General Herrera, who was at j
that time President of the republic, was tottering j j
to its fall. General Paredes, (a military leader,) ||
had manifested his determination to overthrow the
Government of Herrera by a military revolution;
and one of the principal means which he employed
to effect his purpose, and render the Government
of Herrera odious to the army and people of Mex-
ico, was by loudly condemning its determination
to receive a minister of peace from the United
States, alleging that it was the intention of Her-
rera, by a treaty with the United States, to dis- I
member the territory of Mexico, by ceding away U
the department of Texas. The Government of
Herrera is believed to have been well disposed to
a pacific adjustment of existing difficulties; but,
probably alarmed for its,own security, and in order,
to ward off the danger of the revolution led by
Paredes, violated its solemn agreement, and re-
fused to receive or accredit our Minister; and this,
although informed that he had been invested with
full power to adjust all questions in dispute be-
tween the two Governments. Among th® frivolous
pretexts for this refusal, the principal one was,
that our Minister had notgone upon a special mis-
sion, confined to the question of Texas alone,
leaving all the outrages upon our flag and our citi-
zens unredressed. The Mexican Government well
knew that both our national honor and the protec-
tion due to our citizens imperatively required that
the two questions of boundary and indemnity
should be^treated of together, as naturally and in-
separably blended, and they ought to have seen
that this course was best calculated to enable the
United States to extend to them the most liberal
justice. On the thirtieth of December, 1845,
General Herrera resigned the Presidency, and
yielded up the Government to General Paredes
without a struggle. Thus a revolution was accom-
plished solely by the army commanded bylPaiedes,
and the supreme power in Mexico passed into the
hands of a military usurper, who was known to be
bitterly hostile to the United States.
Although the prospect of a pacific adjustment
with the new Government was unpromising, from
the known hostility of its head to the United
States, yet, determined thai, nothing should be left
undone on our part to restore friendly relations
between the two countries, our Minister was in-
structed to present his credentials to the new Gov-
ernment, and ask to be accredited by it in the diplo-
matic character in which he had been commission-
ed. These instructions he executed by his note of
thft first of Match, 184G, addressed to the Mexican
Minister of Foreign Affairs, but his request was
insultingly refused by that Minister in his answer
of the twelfth of the same month. No alternative
remained for our Minister but to demand his pass-
ports, and return to the United States.
Thus was the extraordinary spectacle presented
to the civilized world, of a Government, in viola-
tion of its own express agreement, having twice
rejected a minister of peace, invested with full
powers to adjust all the existing differences be-
tween the two countries in a manner just and hon-
orable to both. I am not aware that modern his-
tory presents a parallel case, in which, in time of
peace, one nation has refused even to hear propo-
sitions from another for terminating existing diffi-
culties between them. Scarcely a hope of adjust-
ing our difficulties, even at a remote day, or of
preserving peace with Mexico, could be cherished
while Paredes remained at the head of the Govern-
ment. He had acquired the supreme power by a
military revolution, and upon the most solemn
pledges to wage war against the United States, and
to reconquer Texas, which he claimed as a revolted
province of Mexico. He had denounced as guilty
of treason all those Mexicans who considered
Texas as no longer constituting a part of the ter-
ritory of Mexico, and who were friendly to the
cause of peace. The duration of the war which
he waged against the United States was indefinite,
because the end which he proposed, of the recon-
quest of Texas, was hopeless. Besides, there
was good reason to believe, from all his conduct,
that it was his intention to convert the republic of
Mexico into a monarchy, and to call a foreign Eu-
ropean prince to the throne. Preparatory to this
end, lie had, during his short rule, destroyed the
liberty of the press, tolerating that portion of it
only which openly advocated the establishment of
a monarchy. The better to secure the success of
his ultimate designs, he had, by an arbitrary de-
cree, convoked a Congress—not to be elected by
the free voice of the people, but to be chosen in a
manner to make them subservient to his will, and to
give him absolute control over their deliberations.
Under all these circumstances, it was believed
that any revolution in Mexico, founded upon op-
position to theambitiousprojectsof Paredes, would
tend to promote the cause of peace, as well as pre-
vent any attempted European interference in the
affairs of the North American continent—both ob-
jects of deep interest to the United States. Any
