m
APPENDIX TO THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 8,
29th Cong 2i> Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
sales were made in the same manner (except the
graduation) by the United States as other public
lands, has commanded a larger proportional sum
in the same period than any other land district in
the United States. It also appears, by the official
report from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, that if the whole of the public lands in each
of the land districts of the several new States of
the Union had been sold within the same period,
at the same rates, there would have been a saving
to this Government, including interest at six per
cent, on its revenue from public lands, of $61,990,-
657. But few of these lands were purchased for
speculation, but (as the entries show) chiefly by
settlers and cultivators, distinguished for enter-
prise and industry, as well as for moral worth and
intelligence; and whilst contributing largely in mo-
ney from the sales, have added many millions of
dollars to the aggregate wealth of the nation in the
improvement and cultivation of these lands. If a
graduation bill, in the form in which it passed the
Senate on its return from the House during the
last session, should become a law* it would in-
crease'the revenue from the public lands from half
a million to a million of dollars per annum; and,
if adopted, together with th<5« proposed duty on '
tea and coffee, the loan might be safely reduced to
eighteen millions" of dollars. If, however, the prin-
ciple of graduation applied to the Chickasaw ces-
sion were adopUj^ as regards all the public lands,
it would mcreasc for many years the revenue from
that source, as proved by the data presented in the
table before referred to, several millions of dollars
per annum.
It is believed that the sales at the prices reduced
and graduated should be confined to limited quan-
tises, sold only foi settlement and cultivation. In
this manm.r, whilst the aggregate wealth of the
nation and revenue of the Government are rapidly
augmented, the wages of labor must be enhanced,
by"affording to our working classes and the indus-
trious poor certain means, whenever a reduction
of their wages shall be proposed, of purchasing
homes for themselves and families, at the reduced
rates to be established in relation to the public
lands by the graduation bill.
Some augmentation of the revenue might be |
produced by removing scveial onerous restrictions ;
in the preemption law, and especially by extending !
its just and salutary provisions to the unsurveyed !
land to which the Indian title has been extinguish-
ed. By returns from the General Land Office up j
to the 1st of November last, iUappears that whilst .
the surveyed lands not yet offered at public sale, j
to which the preemption principle now extends, ,
amounted to 15,605,441 acres, tlfe unsurveyed, to
which the Indian title has been extinguished, !
amounted to92,060,57Sacres; the opening of which t
to pieemptions could not fail to augment the reve- [
nue. It would carry thousands of settlcis upon ,
these lands in ad%ance of the surveys as well as j
the sales, who would desire to purchase the farms j
occupied by them;'the existence of which would I;
give increased value to the remaining lands, and ;
largely augment the proceeds of the sales. Whilst
the measure would thus increase the revenue, it j
would secure homes to those enterprising and patri-!
otic settlers who move in advance into the wilder- !
ness, extending the blessings of civilization, diflu- i,
sing the influence and advancing the progress of]:
republican pimciples, and soon adding State after [
State to the Amcncan Union.
No inconsiderable addition could also be made
to the revenue by authorizing the sale of that ,
portion of the public lands containing copper .
and other ores, whilst the measure would more i
rapidly develop the resources of this valuable re- i
gion, and at the same tune convert into owners i
and proprietors those who now occupy the relation !
of tenants to the Federal Government as a land- t
lord. '
If Congress, at an early period of the present!
session, would impose the pioposed duty on tea!
and coffee, reduce and graduate the pricc of the |
public lands m favor of settlers and cultivators, I
extend the preemption system to the unsurveyed !
lands to which the Indian title has been extin- j
guished, and authorize the sale of that portion of j
the public lands containing copper and other valu-!
able ores, the loan might safely be reduced from
twenty-three to seventeen millions of dollars.
Annexed are copies (marked L) of instructions
issued by this department to carry into effect the
act of the sixth of August last, establishing the
warehouse system. The large majority by which
this law was passed, and the highly beneficial re-
sults already accomplished, clearly indicate that it
may be regarded as a part of the settled policy of
the country. That it would have been more ad-
vantageous if there had been no limit to the time
for retaining goods in the warehouse, is the belief
of this department; but the measure having been
adopted in its present form as a compromise of
conflicting opinions, no recommendation is submit-
ted to disturb that compromise. It is believed
that, hereafter this great measure will vindicate
itself so clearly by its results, that amendments
may be obtained by very general consent at a future
period. Both as a means of augmenting revenue,
and of increasing the commerce and prosperity of
the country, it is a mostimportant measure. Un-
der its beneficial influence, our own great commer-
cial cities will soon rival, and ultimately surpass,
the largest marts of European commerce, augment-
ing most rapidly the wealth and business of the
whole country. Important as it is to agriculture,
commerce, and navigation, manufactures also will
derive from it in a series of years great advantages.
The benefits m augmented means accruing to those
concerned in agriculture, commerce, ana naviga-
tion, arising from the warehouse bill, will enable
them to purchase more of our own manufactures,
whilst that interest will not be so seriously affected
as it has been by auctions and forced sales of foreign
merchandise. Most of these goods, under the
warehouse bill, will wait'in store for a purchaser,
instead of forced sales in our market, because the
goods cannot be warehoused. As this bill will
also lender our great commercial cities immense
marts of assorted cargoes, where merchants from
all the world will eventually come to seek a sup-
ply, our own manufactures will often be bought as
a part of those assorted caigoes by purchasers that
never would have been found in the absence of
such a system.
Jn Liverpool and its suburbs the number of
bonded warehouses is estimated at five hundred,
i and in London and other parts of the British em-
j pire at many thousands. These immense struc-
tures, stretching along their line docks and mighty
basins, a single warehouse often covering many
acres of ground, and storing thioughoui the year
assorted cargoes of several hundred millions of
dollars m value, invite to these marts the merchants
and commeicc of the world. Indeed, this is one
of the gieat means by which England has built up
her vast conmjcrce; and for a long series of years
her whole people, whether for or against protec-
tion, acknowledge the important benefits of this'
system. Here the advantages would ultimately
be still greater, inasmuch as our chief commercial
cities are already neaier than those of Europe to
the centre of the temtory, population, and com-
merce of the world, and are destined, at no distant
day, to be brought still nearer, when the waters of
the Atlantic and Pacific shall be united at the Mexi-
can isthmus, which, combined with our posses-
sions on the Pacific, would revolutionize in our
favor the commerce of the woild, and more rapid-
ly advance our greatness, wealth, and power, than
any event that has occurred since the adoption of
the Constitution.
It is deemed important that our revenue laws
should be extended to Oregon, not only as a means
of collecting duties there, but also to defeat any
effort that might be made from Asia or elsewheie
to introduce foreign merchandise free of duty into
I Oregon, now acknowledged to be a part of the
| Union, and then claim the right under the Consti-
I tution to bring such articles from Oregon, exempt
j from duty, into any other part of theUnion. Two
j collection districts might perhaps be conveniently
| established, the one near the mouth of the Oregon
jl river, and the other at or near Puget's Sound.
!'With a system of liberal donations of tracts of
|| land in Oregon, sufficient for farms to settlers and
I; emigrants, this highly interesting portion of the
!| Union would soon contain a considerable popula-
jj tion; and, near and convenient as it is to Asia, its
jj commerce would rapidly increase, and large reve-
jj nues accrue to the Government.
jl Much time and attention have been given by
jl this department to the highly important subject of
I! our light-house system, placed by Congress under
its supervision. In the month of June, 1845,
Lieutenants Thornton A. Jenkins and Richard.
Bache, of the navy, were detailed by the Navy
Department to visit, under instructions from the
Treasury, some of the principal European light-
houses, as well as our own. Having completed
their examination before the close of the last ses-
sion of Congress, they communicated the result
to this department in a most able and interesting
report, containing full and valuable information
upon this subject. Accompanying this report was
a most able paper from Mr. Leoner Fresnel, the
distinguished Secretary of the Board of Light-
houses in France. That paper, together with the
report from this department, were communicated
to Congress on the 5th of August last. Having
examined with great care the relative advantages
of the reflecting lights and of the refracting or
lens apparatus, no doubt is entertained of the vast
superiority of the latter, as furnishing a light more
brilliant as well as more economical. In the re-
port of this department on this subject, on the 5th
of August last, the organization of a board, with-
out any expense to the Government, to consist of
the Fifth Auditor, the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, two naval officers, two engineer officers,
(one a military, the other a topographical engi-
neer,) and a secretary, who might be a junior offi-
cer of the navy, was recommended as the most
efficient means of combining that information pos-
sessed by no one person in regard to coasts and
channels, the wants of navigation, the location and
construction of the light-houses, the mechanical
principles involved in lighting, which would enable
this department to render the whole system more
useful and economical.
The coast survey and the light-house system,
the ware-house bill and the ad valorem, revenue
tariff, are all great, efficient, and cooperative instru-
ments in giving to our own country advantages
over all others as competitors for the commerce of
the world.
The survey of the coast of the United States
has made rapid and satisfactory progress during
the past year. This department has watched with
great interest the gradual development of the plan
for extending the survey to all sections of the
coast, and it has, in successive years, sanctioned
the estimates for this important object. Those
now presented by the superintendent are in pur-
suance of the policy which has received the ap-
proval of the department, and of two successive
Congresses. The plan is recommended b)t econ-
omy, and the rapidity with which the fruits of the
work arc realized m the production and circulation
of maps and charts of different parts of the coast.
The highly interesting exploration of the gulf
stream, which has proved so important and suc-
cessful a part of the work, has been attended with
the loss of one of the most valuable assistants in
the survey, and an ornament to the profession to
which he belonged. Lieutenant George M. Bache,
of the navy, commanding the coast-survey brig
Washington, was, with ten of the petty officers
and seamen of the vessel, swept from the deck in
the hurricane of the 8th of September, never to re-
gain the ship. The surviving officers have borne
cheerful testimony to the coolness and ability
which he displayed on this trying occasion; and
the execution, after he had perished, of the last
order which he had given, was the means, under
Providence, of saving the lives of those under his
command. This department has united with that
of the navy in recording these opinions, as also in
expressing a strong approval of the conduct of the
surviving officers and crew of the Washington,
who, in the midst of the most extreme danger,
preserved perfcct coolness and effective discipline,
and finally succeeded in bringing the wreck into
port.
Having now presented, in regard to the subjects
intrusted to its supervision by the two Houses of
Congress, the views of this department, it is grati-
fying to know that to them belongs the power to
correct all its errors, and, under th  guidance of an
all-wise and gracious Providence, to advance all
the great interests, the honor, welfare, and glory,
of our beloved country.
R. J. WALKER,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John W. Davis,
Speaker qf the House of Representatives
