16
APJPESTOIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <3LOBE.
[Dee. 8,
29th Cons 3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
to only 4495,600. The several objects to which
it is proposed to apply this sum are specifically
enumerated in the report of the Chief Engineer,
together with the considerations which have pre-
vailed in presenting these estimates. (
The act authorizing the enlistment of a' compa- |
ny of engineer soldiers, usually called sappers, !
miners, and pontonicrs, passed on the 15th of May; |
but they could not be organized in season to take j
a part in the late operations of the army; they are, j
however, now with it. Of their great utility, there J
can be no reasonable doubt. Each large body of j
troops, operating at a distance from others, ought |
to be attended by such a corps, and the recom- j
mendation of the Chief Engineer to enlarge it by
two or three additional companies is entitled to a
favorable consideration.
Forinformation in regard to theemployment and
services of the topographical engineers, I respect-
fully refer you to the report of the chief of the
corps. To some extent, erroneous notions prevail in
relation to the duties of this corps. It is supposed
that these duties are not essentially connected with
military operations; that when its officers axe em-
ployed .with the army, they are only engaged in
labors which appropriately belong to engineers;
and that, though in fact embraced in the organiza-
tion of the army, they are but civil engineers.
This is a mistaken view of the Subject. They
have appropriate and important military duties
with an army in the field, and their presence and :
aid are auxiliary to its successful operations. The ••
report of the chief of the corps shows that most <
of the officers belonging to it are now on duly with j
the army. So gieat has been the demand for j
them for military service, that all but one have j
been withdraw from the coast survey, and assigned ]
to duty with the different divisions of our forces, i
They have participated in th^ arduous labors of j
the campaign, and won for themselves a fair share
of the honor and glory of its achievements.
The burden of increased duties resulting from a
state of war has borne heavier upon the Ordnance
bureau, probably, than upon any other branch of
the public service connected with this department,
except that of the Cluartermaster General. It
cannot be expanded so as to meet the superadded
demands upon it without the authority of Con-
gress.
The officer in charge of this bureau has pointed
out in his report the inadequacy of its present or-
ganization, and suggested such an enlargement as
will make it efficient m the present emergency. It
is proposed to give it the same organization, as to
the rank and number of officers, as that of the
corps of engineers. I am fully convinced that the
service is embairasscd m consequence of the de-
ficiency of ordnance officers, and would respect-
fully renew the recommendation, made at the last
session, for an increase of them. That suggested
in the ordnance report would not, in my judgment,
be more than the public exigency at this time
demands.
It is proper that I should direct your attention
to the repoits of the Paymaster General and Sur-
geon General. Both urge the necessity of a further
aid, to enable them to execute in a satisfactory
manner the duties of their respective departments,
increased as they are by the laige number of troops
in the field, and the different destinations of them.
There is no doubt that the inconveniences and
embarrassments in these branches of the public
service are of such magnitude and importance as
to claim the attention and receive the favorable
noticc of Congress.
The deficiency in the medical staff with the
army has been the subject of repeated complaints
by our commanding generals. A regard to the
comfort of the troops, as well as the good of the
service, requires that the department should have
the power to remove the causes of them. Consid-
erations of economy also commend this subject to
the favor of Congress. Where the attendance of
army surgeons and assistants cannot be obtained,
physicians in private life are employed; and the
amount of claims against the Government for their
services far exceeds the pay and emoluments
which the additional number asked for in the re-
port of the Surgeon General would receive.
As the management of the mineral lands lias
been devolved upon one of the military bureaus
of this department, it is-proper that I should briefly
notice the subject, so far as relates to the opera-
tions of the last year.
From the 1st of October, 1845, to the time when
the act of Congress of the 11th of July last became
known to the agents of the Government, six hun-
dred and twenty-one leases were granted. Of
these, two hundred and ninety-two will expire be- (
fore the earliest day fixed for the sale of the leased '
lands, and the remainder before the first of August '
next. The small number since granted will expire
on the sale of the premises. The amount of rent
received during the year ending the 30th of Sep-
tember exceeds the expenses of management by
the sum of $5,794 15, and the excess of receipts
over expenditures for the whole time the lead
mines have been in charge of the department is
$84,902 07.
On the 17th of July, 1845, the department sus-
pended the granting of permits for locations in the
copper region about Lake Superior, but continued
to execute leases on those issued prior to that pe- j
riod until the 6th day of May last, when it was i
decided by you that the existing Laws did not au-
thorize leases for this .kind of mineral land. Since
the latter period none have been executed. As the
mining operations in the copper region have scarce-
ly become productive to the lessees, very litfle rent
has yet been received.
The attention of Congress was directed to this
subject, and the views of the department, suggest-
ing the necessity of legislation thereon, were pre-
sented in several communications laid before that
body at the last session. The ore in this part of
the public domain is rich and inexhaustible, and,
under proper management, might be made to con-
tribute no inconsiderable sum to the public treas-
ury.
The number of pension agencies is forty-four,
exclusive of agencies for navy pensions; and the
number of pensioners to be paid is about twenty
thousand. Two payments are made to each in
every year. The law prescribing the mode of pay-
ing pensions, as it stood previous to the 6th of
August last, declares " that such payments shall
' be hereafter made at such times and places, by
4 such persons or corporations, and under such
* regulations, as the Secretary of War may direct;
1 but no compensation or allowance shall be made
i to such persons or corporations for making such
1 payments without authority of law." Under this
law, which expressly withholds compensation, the
main,if*not the only, inducement for persons to
accept agencies, were the incidental advantages
derived from the occasional balances of public
money in their hands. Nearly all of them are
officers of, or interested in, banks—have used
banks for depositories, and derived aid from them
in the discharge of their duties.
The sixth section of " the act to provide for the
' better organization of the treasury, and for the
' collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
' nient of the public revenue," seems to contem-
plate the employment of the officers therein named
as agents for paying pensions, and renders it
doubtful whether those hitherto employed are not
superseded. But if there be authority to continue
them, the department is advised that in most in-
stances they will decline their agencies, unless
some ^compensation can be allowed for their ser-
vices.
The restrictions imposed by the act referred to,
have deprived them of most of the facilities they
had in executing their duties, and of all the result-
ing advantages, and at the same time rendered
these duties more onerous. Under these circum-
stances it is not to be expected that they would re-
mam as agents, if the law permitted it, with the
heavy responsibility imposed.
In most cases the officers upon whom these duties
may be devolved by the act of the sixth of August,
cannot perform them without assistance. Legisla-
tion, therefore, upon this subjcct has become indis-
pensable. If the collecting and disbursing officers
mentioned in the sixth section of that act are to be
charged with this superadded duty, they must be
authorized to procure assistance to enable them to
perform it, or, if it is to be executed by others,
they must be allowed a reasonable compensation
to enable the department to procure their services.
As the preferable course, I respectfully recommend
that authority should be given to continue the pres-
ent agents, or .appoint others in their places, and
that a reasonable compensation be allowed for
their services.
Immediate action on this subject is urged. The
next payment is to be made on the fourth of March,
and it will require some time to place the requisite
funds in the hands of the several agents, particu-
larly those in remote States and Territories.
By the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and those by the Indian agents which ac-
company it, you will be informed of the compli-
cated and important transactions of the last year
in that extensive branch of the public service.
Since the last annual report, 3S434 Indians have
been removed from the east to the west of the Mis-
sissippi river, consisting principally of the Choc-
taws from the State of Mississippi, and the Mia-
mies from Indiana. About two hundred have also
been removed from the State of New York. By
the first of June, it is expected that the remaining
Choctaws will have left the State of Mississippi
and joined their prosperous brethren in the West.
By the treaties concluded with the Kansas, and
the kindred bands of Chippewas, Ottawas, and
Potawattomies, a common home has been provi-
ded for the latter, where they can unite and reside
together with a community of interests; and thus
it is hoped the causes of jealousy and dissatisfac-
tion among them will be removed. The treaty
with the Cherokees has, so far, had the happiest
effect in putting a stop to violence and bloodshed
among them, and there is reason to believe it will
effectually heal the bitter feuds, political and do-
mestic, which have so long distracted that tribe.
Not a murder or outrage, previously of such fre-
quent occurrence, has been reported since the equi-
table and judicious provisions of the treaty were
made known among them. Those who had fled
for refuge to Arkansas and Missouri, from justly
apprehended violence and outrage, are returning
to their homes, to resume their wonted pursuits;
and a commendable spirit among all parties seems
to be cherished, to forget their past dissensions,
and to become a united and prosperous commu-
nity. An important treaty has been recently ne-
gotiated at this place with the Winnebago Indians,
by which, if ratified, the United States will acquire
all the land owned or claimed by this tribe in Iowa,
estimated at several million of acres, and known to
be of excellent quality. This treaty, and that with
the Chippewas, Ottawas, and Potawattomies, when
their provisions are fully executed, (which may be
done, at farthest, in the course of two years,) will
entirely free Iowa from an Indian population, and
open for unobstructed settlement and cultivation
a large extent of valuable country, fast coming
into demand, by reason of the rapid increase of
that young and rising State. The removal thence
to their new homes will fiee our citizens in that
State from a fruitful souice of annoyance, and the
Indians from the bad influences incident to their
proximity to a white population.
The Government could give no higher proof of
its solicitude to promote the welfare of the Indian
tribes than the care it has taken to provide funds
for the purpose of education, and to secure them
from being diverted to other objects. Particular
attention has been directed to the; establishment of
manual labor schools among them, as the most
suitable and successful means of educating and
christianizing them, and inspiring them with a
taste for the pursuits of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts. The department is under obligations,
which it takes pleasure in acknowledging, to sev-
eral Christian associations, for the valuable assist-
ance they have rendered m carrying out this meas-
ure of improvement. The schools of this descrip-
tion, now established, have produced, and promise
to produce, results so beneficial and satisfactory,
that the department will continue to increase them
as fast as the Indians can be induced to consent
and cooperate m the measure, and as the means at
its disposal will permit. The views of the Com-
missioner on this subject, and particularly in lespect
to the importance and benefit to the Indians of con-
centrating, as much as possible, the expenditure of
the funds in their own country, for their improve-
ment in education, agriculture, and the mechanic
arts, appear to be wise and judicious, and to merit
special commendation.
Respectfully submitted,
W. L. MARCY.
To the President of the United States,
