1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IT
29th Cong 2d Sf.ss.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
New Series No. 2.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OP THE
NAVY.
Navy Department, December 5, 1846.
Sib: Since the last annual report, no naval force
has been maintained in the Mediterranean. Under
the earnest request of the Spanish authorities, the
depot at Port Mahon has been broken up, and
measures taken to remove the stores and withdraw
the officers in charge of them. It is proposed in
the coming year to senrf a suitable force to that
station.
After exchanging with the proper officer the rati-
fications of the treaty between the United States
and China, in December last, Commodore Biddle,
with the Columbus and Vincennes, the ships un-
der his command, has visited various important
points in the China seas. In the month of May
or June he sailed for Japan, and expected to ex-
tend his cruise to Kamschatka.
There is no reason to doubt that he will render
the valuable service to be expected from an officer
of his ■experience and judgment, by making our
country, its resources, and its friendly disposition
towards the people inhabiting those remote re-
gions, more favorably known. He has probably
returned to Macao about this time, and in the
month of January or February, the Columbus
and Vincennes will commence their cruise home-
ward, by way of the north Pacific.
On the 6th of January last, orders were sent
from this department to Commodore Biddle to
proceed with the Columbus to the northwest coast
of America, and assume the command of the
naval forces of the United States on that station.
No acknowledgment of the order has been re-
ceived, and there is no reason to doubt that lie
had left Macao before it reached that place, or that
he will promptly obey it on its reaching him.
Commodore Skinner was relieved in the com-
mand of the squadron on the coast of Africa in
the month of June last by Commodore Read.
Our naval forces on that station have been actively
and successfully employed in the humane duty of
suppressing the slave trade. The squadron con-
sists of the frigate United States, 44; sloop Ma-
rion, 16; brigs Dolphin and Boxer, 10 each; and
store-ship Southampton, G guns.
The judicious measures adopted have secured to
the officers and men an extraordinary degree of
health ill that inhospitable climate. Its effects
are, however, so injurious, that the cruises have
not been, and ought not to be, so long on that as
on other stations. The prizes captured and con-
demned will contribute some thousands of dollars
to the navy pension fund.
On the Brazil station, the squadron under Com-
modore Rousseau has been reduced by the return
of the frigate Raritan, Captain Gregory, and of
the sloop Plymouth, Commander Hemy, and the
detachment of the sloop Saratoga, Commander
Shubrick, for the Pacific. The frigate Columbia
and brig Bainbridge remain on the station; and
although this force is small, it has secured protec-
tion to American commerce within the limits of its
operations.
The frigate Constitution, Captain Percival, has
returned to the United States, having made a voy-
age around the world. The special duty assigned
to Captain Percival has been satisfactorily per-
formed.
In the Pacific ocean, the naval forces of the Uni-
ted States, under command of Commodore John
I). Sloat, consisted, on the 1st of July last, of the
frigate Savannah, sloops Portsmouth, Levant,
Warren, and Cyane, schooner Shark, and store-
ship Erie.
They have been reinforced by the frigate Con-
gress, the sloops Saratoga, Dale, and Preble, and
the razee Independence. The sloop Levant is on
her return home, and authority has been given to
send home the Savannah and Warren, the time
for which the crews of these vessels enlisted hav-
ing expired. Commodore W. Branford Shubrick
• went out in the Independence to relieve Commo-
dore Sloat, under orders issued in August last.
In confidential instructions, dated on the 24th of
June, 1845, the Secretary of the Navy called Com-
modore Sloat's " attention particularly to the pres-
• ent aspect of the relations between this country
' and Mexico. It is the earnest desire of the Presi-'
' dent to pursue the policy of peace, and he is
' anxious that you and every part of your squad-
' ron should be assiduously careful to avoid any
' act of aggression. Should Mexico, however, be
' resolutely bent on hostilities, you will be mindful
1 to piotect the persons and interests of citizens of
' the United States near your station; and should
' you ascertain beyond a doubt that the Mexican
' Government has declared war against us, you
' will at once employ the forces under your com-
'mandtothe best advantage." "The great dis-
' tance of your squadron, and the difficulty of corn-
' municating with you, is the cause of issuing this
'order." The officer who was thus instructed,
observed the line of conduct prescribed to him with
such intelligence and fidelity, that no complaint
has ever been made of any unauthorized aggres-
sion on his part.
On the 7th of June, I84C, at Mazatlan, Commo-
dore Sloat received satisfactory information,
through Mexico, that the Mexican troops, six
or seven thousand strong, had, by order of the
Mexican Government, invaded the territory of the
United States north of the Rio Grande, and had
attacked the forces under General Taylor, and that
the squadron of the United States were blockading
the ports of Mexico on the Gulf. He properly
considered " these hostilities as justifying his com-
mencing offensive operations on the west coast;"
and, on the 8th of June, sailed in the frigate Sa-
vannah for the coast of California, to carry out the
orders of the department, on the 24th of June,
1844. He arrived at Monterey on the 2d of July,
and on the -7th demanded a surrender of the place.
This was evaded, and an adequate force landed
from the squadron, took possession of the town,
and raised the flajr of the United States without
opposition or bloodshed. On the 9th Commander
Montgomery, of the sloop Portmouth, under the
Commodore's orders, with like success, took pos-
| session of Francisco and that part of the country
j in the name of the United States. On the 17th, he
sent Purser Fauntleroy with a detachment as far
I as the mission of St. John, to hoist the flag of the
i United States, and to recover cannon and muni-
i tions which had been buried by the enemy. On
[ his arrival he found that the place had been cap-
j tured an hour or two previously by Lieutenant
| Colonel Fremont, of the United States army, with
| whom he returned to Monterey on the 19th.
On the 15th of July, the frigate Congress arrived
at Monterey, and Commodore Stockton reported
to Commodore Sloat for duty as a part of his
squadron. On the 23d he was ordered to the com-
mand on shore, and on the 29th Commodore Sloat
found his infirm health so enfeebled by his ardu-
ous duties that he determined to avail himself of a
permission which had been given him, in his dis-
cretion, to assign the command to Commodore
Stockton, and sailed for Panama on his return
home. After encountering much peril and hard-
ship, this gallant and meritorious officer arrived at
the seat of Government early in November last.
On the 25th of July, the 'Cyanc, Captain Mcr-
vine, sailed from Monterey, with Lieutenant Col-
onel Fremont and a small volunteer force on board,
for San Diego, to intercept the retreat of the Mexi-
can General Castro. A few days after, Commo-
dore Stockton sailed in the Congress frigate for
San Pedro, and, with a detachment from his
■squadron of three hundred and sixty men, march-
ed to the enemy's camp. It was found that the
camp was broken up, and the Mexicans, under
Governor Pico and Geneial Castro, had retreated
so precipitately that Lieutenant Colonel Fremont
was disappointed in intercepting him. On the 13th,
Commodore Stockton was joined by this gallant
officer, and marched a distance of thirty miles from
the sea, and entered, without opposition, the Ciu-
dad de los Angeles, the capital of the Californias.
And, on the 22d of August, the flag of the Uni-
ted States was flying at every commanding posi-
tion, and California was in the undisputed military
possession of the United States.
The conduct of the officers and men of the
squadron in these important operations, has been
characterized by activity, courage, and steady dis-
| cipline, and entitles them to the thanks of the de-
| partment. Efficient aid was rendered by Lieuten-
ant Colonel Fremont and the volunteers under his
I command. In his hands, Commodore Stockton
j informs the department, he will leave the military
government, when he shall leave California in the
further execution of his orders.
In the novel situation in which both the com-
manders of our naval forces have been placed,
without instructions to regulate them in the detail
of their conduct, they have adopted measures to
preserve social order and maintain our authority,
andfto withhold from the enemy any advantages
from the conquered territory, which are believed
to be warranted by the laws of war.
The conduct of both commanders has been
marked by discretion, a spirit of conciliation, and
a sacred respect for private rights, while the mili-
tary movements have been ably conceived and
brilliantly executed.
On her outward voyage the Congress touched at
Honolulu, and landed Mr. Ten Eyck, the com-
missioner of the United States to the Sandwich
Islands. It was the good fortune of Commodore
Stockton to contribute largely to an amicable ad-
justment of an unhappy misunderstanding between
our former agent and the King's government,
which threatened injury to our commercial in-
terests.
The home squadron on the 13th of May last
consisted of the frigates Cumberland, Raritan, and
Potomac; sloops Falmouth, John Adams, and St.
Mary's; steamers Mississippi and Princeton;
brigs Somers and Porpoise, and schooner Flirt;
under command of Commodore Conner. It has
been increased since by the sloops Albany and
Boston; steamers Spitfire and Vixen; brigs Perry
andTruxton; schooners Reefer, Petrel, and Bo-
nita; and store-ship Relief.
During the last two years, the menaces of hos-
tilities on the part of Mexico have made it neces-
sary to confine the operations of the squadron
principally to the Gulf of Mexico.
On the 29th of March, 1845, the acting Secre-
tary of the Navy, in a confidential despatch, in-
| foimed Commodore Conner " that the President
i 'of the United States is impressed with a belief
j ' that it is a possible contingency that the Govern-
1 ' mcnt of Mexico may resort to acts of hostility
j ' against the United States, and has directed me to
j' ' order the other vessels of the home squadron
1 under your command to join you at Vera Cruz.
' The disposition of the President is to maintain
'the most friendly relations with the Mexican
' republic, and to meet any belligerent movement
' oil the part of that republic in the most decisive
' manner. You will, therefore, so dispose of the
' force which now is, or may be, placed under
' your command, as will give the most efFectuab
'protection to our citizens and commerce. You
' will be cautious not to violate the rights of others,
' but to resist and punish any aggression on ours.
' If a public declaration of war shall be made by
' Mexico against the United States, you will so
' conduct your operations as to show to her and to
' the world that, while ready to do justice and to
' maintain peace, we are prepaied to vindicate the
' national honor, and to visit on our public ene-
' mies the utmost severities of the war thus pro-
'voked. If, without such an open declaration,
' hostilities shall be commenced on her part, you
1 will meet and visit them with the utmost prompt-
'ness and energy;" and on the 10th of August,
1845, it was again impressed on him by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, "that the policy of this
■ Government is the preservation of peace if pos-
'sible."
In the extremely delicate circumstances in which
he was placed by the menaecd hostilities on the
part of Mexico, Commodore Conner fully sus-
tained his reputation for sound judgment in the
performance of his duty.
On the 3d day of May, 184C, he received intelli-
gence at Vera Cruz, which left no dbubt on his
1 mind that orders had been given by the Mexican
; Government to General Arista to attack the Ameri-
'' can army cast of the Del Norte with ^the forces
'! under his command. On the 4th, the Commodore
1 sailed with the principal part of his squadron for
! the Brazos Santa Iago, and anchored off the bar
on the 8th, while, the battle of Palo Alto was ra-
I gin°- Although too late to take part m that mtra-
J 01-abie conflict, the arrival of the squadron was
| most opportune, and effectual security was given
to the depot at Point Isabel, by landing five hun-
| dred seamen and marines under Captain Gregory,
' of the Raritan. A detachment under Captain au-
