1846.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
measures have been adopted to conform to this
restriction. The estimates are prepared with this
view. If it shall be deemed advisable to make this
yard a place of construction—and in view of its
great advantages in the building and outfit of steara-
ers, I may hope that the original purpose of the
establishment will not be abandoned—it will be ad-
visable not to continue the restriction on the appro-
priation for the next year.
The piece of ground called (< St. Helena,"
opposite to the navy yard at Gosport, has been
bought, by virtue of authority given in the act of
10th of August last. When'the State of Virginia
shall have consented to the said purchase, an esti-
mate will be submitted to make the improvements
■which were contemplated when the authority to
make the purchase was given.
The system by which clothing is furnished to
the navy has realized the expectations of those
who devised it. The supply is abundant, of ex-
cellent quality, at a ehcap cost; and no appropiia-
tion is asked for the next year, or, without some
great disaster, will ever be requiret^again.
In supplying our squadrons abroad, depots or
stores, in which provisions are collccted in antici-
pation of the wants of the vessels, are indispensa-
ble. I concur in the recommendation of the chief
of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, that the
act of June 17, lb44, requiring the Secretary of the
Navy to order commissioned or warrant officers of
the navy to take charge of the naval stores for for-
eign squadrons, ought to be modified. The com-
pensation allowed would command the services of
competent and experienced persons in civil life.
It is a duty which but few officers desire, or are
qualified for, and it does not appear proper to re-
quire of an officer to enter into bond to perform
duties under orders. From the experience had of
its operation, I have no doubt that money would be
saved by allowing the appointment of civilians,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
thus enlarge the sphere of selection.
The act of March 3d, 1843, requiring supplies
for the navy to be procured by contract, on adver-
tisement, with the lowest bidder, has not been
construed to afFect contracts executed prior to its
enactment. Contracts for the supply of cheese and
butter for five years were in a course of execution
at the date of the passage of this law, and will
expire, one in December, 1846, and one in May,
1847. The result of a careful examination made
at the bureau is, that economy has been promoted,
and the quality of the ration greatly improved by
this mode of contracting. I respectfully invite at-
tention to the recommendation on that subject.
The naval school, during the past year, has been
continued under the judicious superintendence of
Commander Franklin Buchanan, and gives re-
newed promise of usefulness to the service. At
the last session of Congress, it was made the sub-
ject of no special appropriation; but permission i
was given to apply a limited sum ($28,500) from j
the existing appropriations to " instructions, im-
provements, and repairs at Fort Severn." This I
moderate provision has enabled the department to
make some necessary additions to the accommo-
dations of the school, and has been found sufficient
for its economical support. It is hoped that a
similar provision will be adopted for the enduing
year. The propriety of affording to midshipmen 1
the means of acquiring that knowledge which is i
essential to the skilful discharge of their profes- '
sional duties has been long recognised by Con- I
gresS in its annual appropriations for instruction j
on board our ships of war. In the prosecution of ;
a like purpose, a naval school, it is believed, will ;
be found to add little to the cost of the present de- :
fective system, while it cannot fail to be attended '
with the most important benefits to the navy.
Connected with the Bureau of Ordnance and
Hydrography is the Observatory. Besides eon-
ducting an extensive series of astronomical obser-
vations, it is the duty of that office to construct
charts, prove nautical instruments before pur-
chase, rate chronometers, and supply our armed
cruisers with the nautical books, instruments,
maps, and charts, necessary to their safe conduct
at sea. The arrangement is such as to promote
economy and to give assurance that these indis-
pensable aids may be relied on. The observations
made and published are exclusively the work of
naval officers, and are highly creditable to their
scientific attainments. There can be no doubt
that, with the facilities of the Observatory, we
might produce our own nautical ephemeris, for
which we are now dependent on foreign nations,
and without which our ships that are abroad could
not find their way home, nor those at home ven-
ture out of sight of our own shores. A small ap-
propriation would be sufficient to accomplish the
object; and it may well be anticipated that the
expenditure would be returned by supplying our
merchant vessels with the American nautital al-
manac at cost.
I invite attention to the report from the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery. The authority to ap-
point a small number of assistant surgeons is ne-
cessary to the public service. (Jnder existing cir-
cumstances, it has been found necessary to employ
citizen physicians in some of our smaller vessels.
The commandant of the marine corps has prepar-
ed estimates for the number of officers and marines
as fixed bylaw. I am strongly impressed with
the opinion that an increase of the rank and file of.
the corps would greatly promote the efficiency of
our ships in thrir operations against Mexico.
With light pieces prepared as field artillery on
board each ship, the expeditions which must in-
clude operations on shore, would derive important
aid from increased guards of marines.
The act of August 4, 1842, provided that, until
otherwise ordered by Congress, officers of the
navy shall not be increased beyond the number in
the respective grades that were in the seivieeon
the 1st day of January, 1842. This restriction
has been construed to apply to warrant officers,
other than midshipmen. The number of boat-
swains, gunners, carpenters, and sailmakers, hap-
pened to be small for the wants of the service at
the date fixed. Embarrassment is often felt for
want of authority to add to the number. It is a
power which has never been abused; and as such
appointments are rewards of meritorious seamen
or mechanics, it appears to me that the restriction
might be removed without detriment to the public
interest or danger of abuse.
I cannot conclude this report, without inviting
attention to the operation of the act of Congress of
March 3, 1845, in regard to the appointment of
midshipmen. The justice of the principle estab-
lished is unquestionable, and its application has
given general satisfaction. Previously to its pas-
sage, appointments were made without regard to
residence, and resulted in inequalities, which it
will take many years to remove. The law forbids
any appointment from a State having more than
its proportion. Some applications for midship-
men's warrants have recently been made in behalf
of sons of officers who have fallen in battle, which
could not be granted, on account of their residence
m States not entitled. I recommend that the re-
striction of the law may be so far removed, that
one out of five or six vacancies, as they occur in
the grade of midshipmen, may be filled at large,
irrespective of the place of residence, in the same
manner as a portion of the cadets at West Point
are now annually appointed. Cases of peculiar
merit occasionally presenting themselves, might
thus be provided for, under the direction of the
President.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yonr
obedient servant, J. Y. MASON.
To the President.
REPORT OF THE POSTMASTER GEN- j.
ERAL. j|
Post Office Department, >\
December 7, I84fn
Sir: The general interest felt in the operation of
the act of the 3d of March, 3845, on the revenues
and expenditures of the Post Office Department, <j
induced me to direct the Auditor to prepare a quar- ;;
terly statement of them, from its reorganization in j1
183G, to the 30th of June last. The tables accom- ;■
pany this report, marked A and B. I1
From table A it appears that the annual average in-
come, from the 1st of July, 1836, io the 30th of
June, 1845,amounted to thesumof $4,364,024 65
Whilst the income for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1846, the first
under the new law, amounted to 3,487,190 35
Making a loss of revenue the first
year under the new law, when
compared with the annual average
of the nine preceding years, of.... 877,425 30
And making a loss of revenue the first year under
the new law, as compared with the pieccdmg,
of.  $802,642 45
The revenues, as above stated, in-
clude the postages paid on matter
which went free through the mails
prior to the passage of the late law,
of which no account was kept prior
* to the commencement of the last fis-
cal year. This diminution of the
revenues of the department arises
principally from the loss on letter
postage, which, when compared
with that of the preceding year,
amounted to  778,533 64
. Being the entire loss sustained by the
department, except.....  $24,108 81
No inconsiderable portion of this deficiency in
j the revenues of the past year may be traced to
i other causes than n reduction of the rates of post-
i age by the act of the 3d of March, 1845.
i first. Expresses still continue to be run between
| the principal citics with as much regularity as the
| mails, ana, it is believed, collect ana transport let-
ters for pay out of the mails in great numbers.
The penalty provided by law for the commission
of such offences can rarely be enforced for the want
of sufficient proof. The writer, the receiver, and
the carrier, refuse to testify against each other, be-
cause by so doing they may subject themselves to
a similar penalty. The agents of the department
have no authority to arrest the offenders, and seize
upon their bags or trunks, and have them examined
before a proper tribunal, though morally certain
I that they contain letters; and hence convictions
i seldom take place; and if they do, a recovery of
I the money after judgment, from inability of such
| offenders to pay, is as uncertain as the convictions.
! Second. Advantage is taken of that provision of
| the law which limits the weight of a single letter
| to half an ounce, to cover the correspondence of
; third persons: and even packages of letters ad-
dressed to different individuals are collected to-
] getherand placed under a single cover, and directed
! to some third person for distribution, by which
| means one hundred letters thus enveloped, weigh-
; ing eight ounces, are charged under 300 miles 80
' cents, and over 300, $1 60, when the! department
is entitled to reccive, under the law, five or ten
dollars, according to the distance. These prac-
tices can seldom be detected, and, when detected,
the only penalty is the payment of the true post-
age. The department is thus compelled to pay for
the transportation, whilst those who collect and
distribute reccive the profits.
Third. Advantage is taken of that provision of
the law which authorizes letters in relation to the
cargo to be taken over mail routes free of postage,
to cover correspondence in relation to other mat-
ters. They are generally marked on the outside
of the letter—" In ■relation to the cargo"—free.
Agents arc unable to detect the imposition; those
engaged in the practice refuse to disclose the facts,
and the carriers arc themselves often ignorant of
the truth of the case, and the offenders escape with
impunity. If that pmilegc had been icstricted to
the bills of lading or open letters relating to the
cargo, much abuse would have been avoided on
the principal railroad and steamboat routes.
Fourth. Transient newspapers, adveitiscments,
piinted or hthogiaphed cnculars, in great num-
bers, are addressed to postmasters and others not
ordering them, which arc not called for, and if
called for, refused to be taken from the offices! .
These and similar practices to evade the pay-
ment of postage, with the immense mass of dead
letters, averaging annually between one and a half
and two millions in number, encumber the mails
unncocasauly, and without any profit to the de-
partment.
To remedy these evils, I respectfully suggest
that the law be so amended as to make the single
letters weigh one-quarter instead of the half ounce,
except m the case of a letter weighing less than
half an ounce, and written upon a single sheet of
paper.
' That the same power be given to the Post Of-
