1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Documents from the Department of State.
Senate k. Ho. of Rebs.
give unity of action to the republic, as I at one
time considered best, is not longer possible; nay
more, I say it is dangerous; it is contrary to the
object which I proposed for myself in the unitarian
system, because we thereby expose ourselves to
the separation of the northern departments, which
are the most clamorous for freedom of internal
administration.
Seeking always what seemed to be most advan-
tageous to the nation, I have resolutely maintained
views which, if they have not led to favorable re-
sults, have been the offspring of sincerity and
good faith. Facts have since convinced me that
by following them longer, nothing could be set-
tled, and the cooperation of the people could
not be secured, in order to preserve us from the
terrible invasion with which we are threatened
from the north; because, not content with any of
the institutions given to them since 1834, they op-
pose at least a force of inertia, which renders every
proceeding difficult and ineffective.
I nevertheless persuaded myself of the necessity
of changing the. course of things, and returning to
the track from which we have since that period
been straying, in order to allow the two principles
above indicated full play, and to remove aside all
that could embarrass their action. In two words,
I became persuaded, that, without leaving the re-
public at liberty to organize its own system in the
manner which it considered best, and submitting
to the ideas of the age, according to which all the
branches of our administration should be adapted,
we should never attain prosperity, nor should we
preserve our national existence from the ambitious
efforts of our northern neighbors, which can only
be restrained by principles, and by principles which
they themselves have set before us with the hap-
piest results.
To this subject I was directing my efforts when
the events of December, 1844, came upon me, in
which the liberals also took part, probably from
their not having comprehended me. They should
not have" been so precipitous; for they had the
guarantee of those by whom I was surrounded in
my last administration; and if I was not explicit
as to my designs, they should reflect that my po-
sition being then very embarrassing, I could not
have declared myself fully, without hazarding the
success of my enterprise.
Some believe that a favorable opportunity was
offered me on my return from the interior to the
capital; but remembering what happened to Gen-
eral Bustaniente at the regeneration, I considered
it more honorable to fall with my old ideas, than
with others, which might have been viewed as a
sacrifice to the law of severe necessity.
This is a secret which has remained unknown
to you; but you should know it now; because the
time is come when we should understand each
other, in order to act in uniformity.
You will, I think, be convinced, as I am, of the
necessity of giving this new direction to affairs;
and X therefore urge you to use all your influence
to reconcile the liberals, communicating with Seilor
Farias and his friends, in order to induce them to
come to an understanding with us; for which pur-
pose agents should he sent to Puebla, Guana-
juato, Jalisco, Zacatecas, and other departments,
so that all being thus placed in accord with each
other, we may soon lead the republic into the way
of preservation. You may tell the first-named
gentleman that, with the same good faith with
which I sustained the unitarian administration
from the year 1834, I will in future support the
claims of the masses, leaving the people entirely
at liberty to organize their system of government,
and to I'egulate their aflairs m the manner which
may please them best; that I have resolved to die
in the maintenance of these opinions, and am dis-
posed to give every guarantee which could be de-
sired to assure their fulfilment. I only ask, in
recompense for the services which I may render
on this occasion, that I may have the honor of
sanctioning the constitution; because, having been
criminally charged with being an enemy to the
representative power of the nation, and with hav-
ing opposed the free oiganization of the republic
by the people, I am anxious, on retiring forever
/ from the political scene, to mark this solemn act
of my life by authorizing, with my signature, the
fundamental code of the nation. After giving to
the people a decisive proof of my respect and de-
votion to their sovereign will, and having con-
cluded this act by which I desire to reconcile my-
self with my country, I will not remain twenty-
four hours in power, it being my irrevocable
determination never from that moment to return
to exercise of authority, limiting myself wholly to
my service as a soldier in support of the constitu-
tion thus established by me, and in defence of the
rights of the republic against foreign nations.
It will, however, be necessary, in all respects,
to proceed with the utmost caution; for if our
project should be discovered by the army, which
is adverse to the federal system, we should find
great difficulty in establishing it, and much address
will be therefore required to prepare the minds of
the public, by adopting- a plan in which that name
should not appear, and which may yet lead us to
our proposed end, which end, so far as I am con-
cerned, is, I repeat on my word of honor, none
other than the reestablishment of what was over-
thrown in 1834, strengthened by such improve-
ments) and additions as experience may have sug-
gested to us. You may, however, proclaim the
assembly of a convention, composed of deputies
elected by the nation, with the utmost possible
freedom, for the organization of a system of gov-
ernment on the terms which the nation may pre-
fer, excluding only the monarchical form which it
detests.
In conclusion, it is materia! that no time should
be lost, as we may thus lose the most brilliant oc-
casion which could be presented. Send me an
agent, active and expert, to communicate to me
your ideas, and let me know the resources which
you can command in your own as well as in other
departments, so that, with all the circumstances
before us, we may arrange our first measures.
For my own part, I have made many preparations,
and I feel confident of the aid of Yucatan; but I
wish nothing to be undertaken, unless with the
! concurrence of the most influential persons among
| the people.
Let our device in future be, the union of the
I people and the army, as it was in 1832; consider-
| ing that we are now to defend the same cause; and
upon this point, one of the persons on whom we
should, m my opinion, rely, is his Excellency
j General Don Juan Alvarez, who will never com-
, promise with the monarchists. If you should
have an opportunity, write to him in my name,
and show him the necessity of our union, "in order
to destroy the advancement of tyranny, which
alarms me the more, as I see and feel the prepara-
tions now in progress, among the old masters of
our country, to support the designs of Parades,
Alaman, and the others of that faction. This
keeps me constantly uneasy, and indeed I feel so
little assurance of safety here, that I am preparing
to quit this island.
The manifestations which you may have recent-
ly seen in the newspapers have alarmed these
gentlemen here. Let General Alvarez be assured,
that in political matters I am superior to all pcr-
j sonal considerations. I say to him, whose merits
i and services render him worthy of the considera-
tion of all patriots, no more than I say to the
humblest Mexican, that I will receive him with
open arms. Write to him, and assure him that I
shall be most happy to see his letters, as well as
to continue with him our ancient relations.
Farewell, and command your most affectionate
friend and servant, &c.,
A. LOPEZ DE SANTA ANA.
[He, (General Santa Ana,) sent a plan conform-
able with his ideas, as manifested in this letter; and
some intriguers, instigated by General Almonte,
added to it in every part, and disfigured it through-
out in its sense and its object. Thus the revolu-
tion which was about to be commenced at Vera
Cruz was rendered vain. Santa Ana was inform-
ed of the circumstances, and he reprobated such
conduct, sending his own plan with the following
note: It will be understood that this explanatory
memorandum is by the person from whom the
copy of General Santa Ana's letter and note was
obtained by Mr. Black.]
Note.—This plan being the only one proper for
the regeneration of the republic, and for placing it
in the way of preservation, I could not, and should
not,, conform to the fourteen articles which I have
seen printed, and which not only modify but almost
destroy the preceding ones. I therefore now write
to my correspondents, requesting them to urge my
friends and those who are sincerely attached to
our country, to adhere strictly to this plan for the
promotion" of the regeneration of our country;
with the understanding that neither my honor sol-
emnly pledged, nor my patriotism, allow me to
accept the slightest alteration either m its letter or
in its spirit. I make this frank and honest expla-
nation because I do not wish my patriotic inten-
tions to be abused, nor to have myself placed in
contradiction with myself, by the presentation of
different plans. I in consequence answer by this
writing, to which I give authority by my signa-
ture. A. L. DE SANTA ANA
Havana, April 8, 1846. '
P. S. The person who delivers you this letter,
through whose agency it is sent, is not informed
of its contents
Extracts of a letkrfrom R. B. Campbell, Esq., Con-
sul of the United States at Havana, dated JVownt-
j ber 10, 184(5.
1 " In the steamer from Vera Cruz came a pas-
! senger, a naval captain in the Mexican service,
| who it was reported had blank commissions for
i privateers, and blank letters of citizenship for
' sale '' * * * * * * * % * * * *
" I have, however, succeeded in obtaining copies
of the commissions from originals which I had one
hour's possession of. The blank commission,
(copy,) and copies of blank naturalization papers,
and for the crews of the privateers, are herewith
enclosed " * * * * * * % * * * *
" Of one thing, however, the Government may
rest assured, that no privateer will sail out of the
port of Havana, and I do not believe there will be
one from any port of this island. The Captain-
General has power, is determined to act in good
faith in relation to our treaty stipulations, has
means of information, and possesses great energy
of character. All of which would be brought into
active exercise to prevent all attempts to privateer
from this island, and certainly to detect and punish
any attempt if made."
Translation of the form of a prize letter issued'by the
Government of Mexico.
I, Ci tizen General Jose Mariano de Salas, charged
with the supreme executive power, being autho-
rized by the laws of the republic, do issue the
present prize letter in favor of , captain of
the named the  , armed for a cruise
against the enemies of the republic, in order that
when a vessel shall have been taken by the vessel
under his command agreeably to the provisions of
tlie regulation for privateers of September 24,
1840, he may appoint as captain of the said prize
 to carry her to the port of ; and
when he cannot carry her to the said port as or-
dered, from causes which pi event him, she shall
go to the place where the captain of said prize may
consider it prudent to take her, in order to pre-
serve her; who is to be directed to present himself
and deliver her to : he being instructed to
treat the prisoner or prisoners with due considera-
tion, that they may be delivered to the person de-
signated to reccivc them by a separate , it
being essential that the. captain who takes the
prize should endorse under his own signature upon
this same letter the date of the capture of the ves-
sel, her name, and that of her captain, her cargo,
placc of departure, and place of destination, the
number of her crew and passengers, the latitude
and longitude of the place where the seizure was
effected.
Therefore, in virtue of the present authorization,
I pray and request the commanders of vessels of
war of friendly nations not to place any obstacles
in the way of her free navigation; and I, in like
manner, request the authorities of the republics,
and the subjects of kings or princes of friendly
foreign powers at the places which she may, from
any accident, be obliged to enter, not to embarrass
her, or cause her any trouble or detention.
In faith whereof, I deliver the present letter of
prize, signed with my hand, and countersigned by
the Secretary of War and Marine, to render it
valid, with the seal of the Republic.
Given at the National Palace of Mexico, on the
