24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Documents from the. Department of State.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
• of -
184-, in the twenty.
of independence, and the twenty
 year
-of liberty.
,T. MAR. DE SALAS,
J. N. ALMONTE.
Translation of the form of the act of Naturalization of
a Foreigner in Mexico.
I, Citizen Jose Mariano de Salas, genera] of bri-
gade, in chief of the liberating republican army, in
exercise of the supreme executive power of the
Mexican republic:
To all to whom these presents may come:
Be it known that , a native of ,
having complied with what is required by the de-
cree of September 10, 1846, for obtaining a letter
of naturalization, I declare him,"by this present,
naturalized in the republic, conformably with the
second article of the said decree.
Given at Mexico, on this day of ,
184-. J. MAR. DE SALAS.
(Gratis.) M. C. REJON.
[Translation.]
National Passport for the Privateer No. .
Marine Department of 
[seal.]
This national passport for a privateer was jssued
by the supreme government of the Mexican re-
public at , on the of , in favor
of , captain of the .
I, Citizen General Mariano de Salas, charged
with the supreme executive power of the Mexican
republic, do grant the present sea passport No.
462, in favor of Captain , to navigate freely
in the , called the , built at ,
and of the dimensions here expressed in Burgos
feet, to wit: length  , keel  , beam
 , hold , burden , belonging to
— , armed for a cruise against the enemies of
the republic, with   cannon of the calibre of
—-—; that he may depart without hinderance to
cruise on the coasts of the United States, as also in
the seas which he may think proper to visit, being
subject in all respects to the provisions of the regu-
lation for privateer's, issued September 24, 1846.
This sea passport being valid for the term of
 months from its date, upon the expiration
of which, she is to appear in a port of the republic,
or at the place which circumstances may allow, in
order that her cruise may be declared at an end, or
she may be again commissioned.
Wherefore, I command all officers, general and
particular, commanders of vessels of war and land
authorities whom it may concern, to refrain from
embarrassing, molesting, or detaining her, and on
the contrary to aid lier by affording all that she
may require for her voyage, on payment of the
just value. In like manner, I pray and urge all
citizens of republics, and subjects of kings, or
{>rinces of foreign friendly Powers, not to impede
ler free navigation, entrance, departure, or stay,
in the ports to which from any accident she may
go, allowing her to obtain provisions, and all other
articles which she may need. To which end, I
issue the present, signed with my hand, and coun-
tersigned by the Secretary of State for War and
Marine, and sealed with the great seal of the
republic. j
Given at the National Palace of Mexico, on the
  — of , in the year eighteen hundred
and forty —, the twenty   year of inde-
pendence, and the twenty
■ of liberty.
J. MAR. DE SALAS.
J. M. ALMONTE.
Department of State,
Washington, July 27, 1846.
Sir: The President of the United States, no less
anxious to terminate, than he was to avoid the
present unhappy war with the Mexican republic,
has determined to make an effort to accomplish
this purpose. He has accordingly instructed the
undersigned, Secretary of State, to propose, through
your excellency, to the Mexican Government, that
negotiations shall forthwith commence for the con-
clusion of a peace just and honorable for both par-
ties. Should this offer be received and responded
to by the Mexican Government in the same frank
and friendly spirit by which it has been dictated,
he will immediately despatch an Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the city of
Mexico, with instructions and full powers to con-
clude a treaty of peace which shall adjust all the
questions in dispute between the two republics. If
the Mexican Government should prefer to send a
Minister to Washington to conduct the negotiations
here, he shall be received with kindness and re-
spect, and every effort shall be made to accomplish
the object of his mission with the least possible
delay.
In the present communication it is deemed use-
less, and it might prove injurious, to discuss the
causes of the existing war. This might tend to
delay or defeat the restoration of peace. The past
is already consigned to history; the future, under
Providence, is within our power.
The occasion may, however, be embraced to
state that the President has ever cherished the
kindest feelings for Mexico, and that one of the
first wishes of his heart is, that she may be a
powerful and prosperous republic, in perpetual
amity with the United States.
Commodore Conner will transmit this despatch,
for your excellency, to the Governor of Vera Cruz,
under a flag of truce; and you are respectfully in-
vited to adopt the same channel for communicating
your answer.
I avail myself of this occasion to offer your ex-
cellency the assurance of my most distinguished
consideration. JAMES BUCHANAN.
To his Excellency the Minister of Foreign Re-
lations of the Mexican republic.
[Translation.]
National Palace, Mexico,
•August 31, 1846.
Sir: The undersigned, Minister of Foreign Re-
lations of the Mexican republic, hu- submitted to
his excellency the general-in-chicf of the .liberating
army, charged ad interim with the supreme execu-
tive power of the nation, your excellency's note of
the 27th of the past month of July, in which you
propose, on the part of your Government, to open
negotiations, which may tend to the conclusion of
a peace just and honorable to both countries.
His excellency, on being made acquainted with
the terms of the said note, could not but fix his
attention strongly on the circumstance, that, refu-
sing discussion upon the causes of the war exist-
ing between the two republics, it is desired at
picsent to consider those causes merely as a thing
that is past, and belongs to history. For the ex-
ecutive to accept such a proposition, on that basis,
when dealing with a subject which concerns the
honor of the country and the integrity of its terri-
tory, and endangers its nationality for the future,
would be to waive the question of its justice, and
to complete the irritation of public opinion, already
highly alarmed, as is proved by the discussions
which have taken place on the subject, through
fear that the question might receive the solution
now suggested. Thus it is that, the affairs of the
republic, having been brought, by those same
causes, to the situation in which they now are
with regard to the United States, it has been
necessary to call upon the nation, in order that,
through representatives elected with the fullest
liberty, her fate may be deliberated upon, her se-
curity, her honor, and her future welfare provided
for. A Congress having been convoked for this
object, which will commence its sessions on the
6th of December next, as that body will charge
itself, among other important matters, with all
that relates to the war with the United States, to
it will the above-mentioned note from your excel-
lency be submitted, in order that it may determine
upon what it shall judge to be proper for the in-
terests of the nation. The Government of the
undersigned, in consequence, awaits the determi-
nation of that assembly, in order to give the be-
coming answer to the essential part of the said
communication, the relations of Mexico with your
republic remaining meanwhile in the same state in
which his excellency the general-in-chief of the
liberating army found them when he assumed the
charge of the executive power of the nation.
The undersigned, in transmitting this answer of
his Government, despatching it to your excellency
through the channel which you indicate, avails
himself of this opportunity to assure you of his
distinguished consideration.
MANUEL CRESCENCIO REJON.
To his Excellency the Minister of Foreign Re-
lations of the United States of America.
To his Excellency the Minister of Foreign Rela-
tions of the Mexican republic:
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States, has had the honor to receive the com-
munication of his excellency the Minister of For-
eign Affairs of the Mexican republic, dated on the
31st of August, in answer to the proposition made
by the undersigned to the Mexican Government,
in his note of the 27th July last, that " negotia-
tions shall forthwith commence for the conclusion
of a peace just and honorable for both parties."
This note declared, in express terms, that it was
: the desire of the President " to conclude a treaty
1 of peace which shall adjust all the questions in
dispute between the two republics." These ques-
tions had all existed before Mexico commenced
! hostilities, and to adjust these questions was the
avowed object of the proposed negotiation. It is,
then, with no little astonishment that the President
has perceived from the communication of his ex-
cellency that the Mexican Government had so fay
misapprehended the meaning of the undersigned
as to suppose that this Government either desired
or intended to withdraw from the negotiations for
peace, the causes, on either side, which led to the
existing war, and to consider them merely " as a
thing that is past and belongs to history." Very
far from it. This would have been to abandon the
just and acknowledged claims of our injured citi-
zens, for violations of their personal liberty and
seizures of their property, continued throughout
many successive years, and which, in the opinion
of President Jackson, so long ago as February,
1837, would have justified, " in the eyes of all
nations, immediate war."
This misapprehension on the part of the Mexi-
can Government appears the more remarkable as
it is an inference drawn by them from that part of
the note of the undersigned most conciliatory in
its character. Tn this note, which was intended as
a mere preliminary to the opening of negotiations,
it was desirable to avoid all irritating topics. For
this reason the language employed was: "In the
' present communication it is deemed useless, and it
' might prove injurious, to discuss the causes of
' the existing war. This might tend to delay or
' defeat the restoration of peace. The past is al-
' ready consigned" to history; the future, under
' Providence, is within our own power." And yet
it is from this last sentence, disconnected from all
j which precedes it, that the Mexican Government
j have inferred a disposition on the part of the Gov-
j ernment of the United States to avoid, in the pro-
I gress of the negotiation, the discussion of the ques-
[ tions out of which the war originated. It is most
: certain that no such disposition exists; and the
undersigned feels assured that he need add nothing
more to convince the Mexican Government that,
in this particular, they have placed an erroneous
construction upon his language.
Conscious that in making the overture for pcace
he has performed his duty, the President will now
await with patience and with hope the final de-
cision of the Mexican Government.
In making this overture thus early, he was in
no small degree influenced by the consideration
that the longer the war shall last, the greater will
be the difficulty of concluding a satisfactory pcace,
on account of the heavy increased expenditure
which its continuance will render indispensable.
He will, however, hold himself always ready to
terminate it upon piinciples of impartial justice.
Having, in the first instance, used all proper efforts
to avoid hostilities, and having now proposed to
open negotiations for the conclusion of a just and
honorable peace, nothing is left for him but to ac-
quiesce in the decision communicated by your
excellency, that, until changed by the act of the
Mexican Congress, the relations between the two
countries will remain "in the same state in which
' they were found by his excellency the command-
1 er-in-chief of the liberating army, when he took
'charge of the executive power of the nation."
In the attitude thus assumed by Mexico, the Uni-
ted States can appeal to the whole world that no
alternative remains for them but to prosecute the
war with vigor, until the disposition which they
have so signally manifested to bring it to a speedy
termination shall be met by a corresponding senti-
ment on the part of Mexico, and the negotiation
which they have invited shall be brought to a
happy conclusion.
