1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Oregon Treaty—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
the construction they put upon their own words,
and of the sentiments and warnings of the Ameri-
can Minister. In his despatch of May 18th, Mr.
McLane, after stating that in consequence (among
other things) of an expectation that in the United
States this point " may not be absolutely insisted
on," tells us that the British Government " eoulc^
< not be induced in the first instance to make an
' offer with such a qualification; yet if the adjust-
' ment of the question should be found to depend
1 upon this point only, they would yield the de-
t mand to the permanent navigation of the river,"
(fee. But, sir, neither is the ^British nor the Ameri-
can Government obnoxious to this charge of dou-
ble dealing", by proposing and ratifying a conven-
tion granting this privilege to one of the companies,
without identifying which, and with the knowledge
that one party intends to apply the stipulations to
one company, and the other to another.
The Senator from Missouri says there are two
Hudson Bay Companies, and warns us of the great
error into which we shall fall, if we do not attend
to this Utile fact. But, I say the honorable Sena-
tor has himself fallen into error. He will find
there is but one company. He produces no proof
of this fact, be it Utile or great—none whatever. It
rests upon statement. I now call for the authority,
personal, politicals or historical. The necessary
proof devolves upon the Senator, who has the af-
firmative of the question. And before the fact can
be assumed, with a view to influence our proceed-
ings, its existence must be established. I have
already quoted extracts from a chaiter, incorpora-
ting one Hudson Bay Company forever. Let a
charter be produced which incorporates another,
for a limited period, and then the little fact may
prevent the great error. Till then I adhere to the
law and lo the testimony.
The Senator likewise states that the old com-
pany, as he calls it, the only one as I call it, " has
no rights under its charter west of the Rocky
Mountains." The second company, he says, exists
■under a licenxQI It bears the name of the Hud-
' son Bay Company; but it is so distinct front
'the chartered company of King Charles, that it
* can carry on no trade on the waters of Hudson's
'Bay, as the old Hudson's Bay Company can
( carry on none on the waters of the Pacific ocean."
All this, sir, is, in my view, erroneous, wholly so
—resulting from some misapprehension, I know
not what. No corporation can be created in Eng-
land by license. It must be done by charter, with
or without an act of Parliament. A license to
trade with the Indians there, as here, is but a spe-
cial permission, granted by the Government to pre-
vent the abuses to which this traffic is liable. If
the American Fur Company, founded by Mr.
Astor, had been incorporated by Congress instead
of the Legislature of New York, with a right of
exclusive trade with the Indians in one of the terri-
tories of the United States, it would have borne
not a little resemblance to the Hudson Bay Com-
pany. If, by virtue of another act authorizing the
Executive to issue licenses to trade with the In-
dians, similar in some of its general principles to
the existing act regulating trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes, a heense had been issued
to this fur company to trade in some other terri-
tory than that named in its charter for a term of
years, the analogy between the English and the
American companies would be sufficiently close to
test the operation of the English law by our own.
This license would not be a charter. During its
existence the company would trade under it just
as an individual might do; and, upon its termina-
tion that privilege would cease; but the corporation
would exist, with all its other rights, as it existed
before.
But, sir, it has been said by other Senators, who
do not assert the existence of two Hudson Bay
Companies, that tins stipulation of free navigation,
though granted to the Hudson Bay Company
without limitation, will yet expire in 1863, because
their license from the crown, for an exclusive right
to trade with the Indians west of the Rocky
Mountains, will expire at that time. I do not see
the sequitur in this case.
If the British Government have gianted to the
Hudson Bay Company an additional franchise for
a temporary period, they have done much more
wisely than we shall do if we ratify this treaty;
for, in that event, we shall grant that company an
additional franchise without limitation. The one
has no dependence upon the other. The grant in
this treaty can be no more controlled by a right to
hunt beaver upon the Columbia, than by a right
to hunt tigers upon the Ganges. This right of
free navigation is granted to the Hudson Bay Com-
pany eo nomine. The purposes to which they
shall apply it, is a question for them and not for
us. There is not one word in this treaty about
hunting, nor trading with the Indians, nor about
an additional license, nor the termination of the
privilege, when the trade may become open or
unprofitable. All this is interpolated in discus-
sion. The Senator from Missouri says indeed
that the treaty " stipulates for a company whose
existence is to terminate in 1863." My copy of
that instrument contains no such stipulation, and
therefore I shall not argue the point.
But, sir, let us look at this subject a little more
narrowly. The charter of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, as we have seen, is perpetual. More than
half a century since, another association, known
as theNoithwestCompany, was instituted, which,
in the process of time, extended its trade into re-
mote regions, and came into contact wIWi its rival
and predecessor. Differences arose, which ulti-
mately produced hostilities, and an open war was
for some-time waged, almost under the arctic circle,
in which the Indians were arrayed on both sides,
and much blood was shed. Peace was at length
restored, and the two companies, tired of their
antagonistposition, united together, and the North-
west Company, which was an unincorporated
association, was merged in the Hudson Bay Com-
pany. This was in 1819, and in 1821 an act passed
the British Parliament, authorizing the crown to
grant licenses to trade with the Indians west of the
Rocky Mountains, which region not being included
within the original territorial limits of the Hudson
Bay Company, would have been otherwise open
for a period of twenty-one years. The first license
was surrendered in 1838, and another granted,
which will expire in 1659. At that time, if not
renewed, the trade will be open to all British
subjects.
'These are the facts, and all the material ones:
and now for their application. In the first place,
the treaty contains no allusion to the licenses, nor
to the state of things they have introduced. The
free navigation is granted to the "Hudson Bay
Company, and to all British subjects trading with
the same;" whether to.be used in a free or exclusive
trade, for what posts or purposes, as the treaty
does not decide, neither can we. These are ques-
tions for the grantees, and not for the grantor.
But in the second place, if the license is renew-
ed, this/ree navigation will then be wanted, as it is
now; and if not renewed, and the trade be thrown
open, the Hudson Bay Company may carry on
their operations like other British subjects, or other
British subjects there may trade with them. In
either event, these parties may use the navigation
of the river, restrained by no will but their own.
But again, what right have we to say that this
company shall not transport their goods to and
from their factories, within their original territo-
ries, by the way of the Columbia river? It may
be that some of the most western of these factories {
may communicate with the ocean more speedily ]
and economically by that route, than by Hudson s j
Bay. Can we say this shall not be done ? And if j
not, the answer settles the controversy. Indeed, ;
no one can pretend to foretell what may be the j
state of trade in the extensive regions north of 49° j
some twenty years hence, nor what interests of the j
Hudson Bay Company may require them to pune- j
trate there through one of our rivers, free and un- j
obstructed; what purposes of traffic may be pro- j
moted by the tenacious retention of this privilege, :
nor what "British subjects" may choose to trade j
with the company, that is, buy goods of them, in j
order to enjoy this privilege of free navigation, ,
with the advantages ,legitimate or illegitimate, it may
brino- with it. In fact, it is difficult to argue such
a question as this. It cannot be rendered cleaier
by illustration nor stronger by analysis. The
matter lies within the narrowest compass. The
treaty grants to the Hudson Bay Company the
rio-ht freely to navigate the Columbia river for a
period co-extending with its own duration. Its
duration is perpetual, and therefore this grant is
perpetual. And any inquiry out of the words of
this instrument, into the purposes to which the
grantees may apply the privilege, with a view to
limit it, is to adopt a mode of construing, or rather
of controlling the grant, inconsistent with its lan-
guage, and incompatible with the condition of the
parties. By what process of law or of logic shall
we say to the British Government: The Hudson
Bay Company is indeed a perpetual corporation,
and we have granted to it, without limitation of
time, the free navigation of the Columbia river;
but you have granted to it another franchise for
twenty-one years, totally independent of this,
which you may renew or not at yourpleasure, and
therefore our grant of fiee navigation is limited to
the same period, and our obligation shall expire
with yours. This would be cool; and, if submit-
ted to, decisive. If the treaty is ratified without
alteration, "time," says the Senator from Mis-
souri, " will bring nn argument which no one can
misunderstand." Time, indeed, cures the exist-
ence of many errors, as well as corrects them, and
falsifies many predictions. But it is wiser to avert
difficulties than to meet them. Let us not depend
upon lime, but upon ourselves. Let us make this
instrument what we all say it ought to be, and thus
leave to the domain of the future one cause the less
of controversy.*
I do not at all agree with the Senator from Mis-
souri, in his estimate of the value of this right of
free navigation, nor of the limitation of its use or
abuse, which circumstances will necessarily impose
upon it. Certainly, a general grant to British sub-
jects indiscriminately, would be worse than this,
though formany years, and while the Hudson Bay
Company retain the exclusive trade in the north-
ern regions of Oregon, the effect will be the same,
as that great corporation and its dependants must be
the only traders. This right, freely to navigate the
waters of one country, secured by treaty stipula-
tions to another, is liable to grave objections*.
Carefully guarded and used, it is still an encroach-
ment upon municipal jurisdiction. If abused, as it
easily may be, it exposes the public revenue and
the fiscal system of a country to losses and injury.
And questions must perpetually arise in its exer-
cise, delicate and difficult in themselves, and giving
* The Senator from Missouri, in a note appended to his
printed speech, states that, "since this was spoken, the Iet-
, c ter of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. McLanc, before rhe ratification
'of the treaty, lias been published, in which our Secretary
c informs Mr. McLane that he had given notice to Mr. Pa
t kenham that rhe Senate bad advised the acceptance of the
i British proposition^ tins limited sense, and instructed him
i to advise Lord Aberdeen accordingly. No protest has been
ireceived from the British Government against this nnder-
' standing, so that the question is at an end."
I am afraid the question has more vitality than the Senator
imagines when he thus summanly disposes of it. What
effect a formal protest, accompanying the ratification of a
treaty, has upon the coi.struction of the language employed
m it, it is not necessary to mquiie at this tune, tor that ea«p
is not bctbre U9. The cour.-eof Mr. Buchanan,as indicated
in his letter, and with the facts as he believed them to exist,
was correct and prudent; and had the Senate passed the
resolution he anticipated and obviously desired, and had the
British Government received it without any counter decla-
ration, wo might fairly insist that the grant in the tieatj was
controlled by this understanding. But unfortunately we are
deprived of this auxiliaiy. The Senate not only passed no
such resolution, but positively rejected one, only ten mem-
bers voting in its tavor, and the Senatoi from Missouri voting;
against it. And ihis took place the day before the date of
Mr. Buchanan's letf-r, and was no doubt unknown to him
when ho wrote
Tins convocation with Mr. Pakenham, which Mr. Mc-
Lane was requested to communicate to Loid Abeideen,
and which took place befoie the treaty was drawn up, seems
to have had for its object to prcpaie the British Government
i for some formal action on our part, and the precaution was
1 a prudent one. But this action came not, nor does the
; subject present itself upon tho iceoids of the Senate in the
I subsequent stage of the proceedings. We took the pro-
' jet, major and minor articles^ and free navigation, and all,
and did not even attempt, directly or indirectly, tolimitthis
obnoxious privilege. What Loid Abeideen maj have vsaid
to Mr. McLane m their conversation, we aie not told ; but
ceitainly, protests to expound treaties, whether extending
or restraining the natural import of the language, mu>.t bp
made of sterner stuff than the report of a conversation, sta-
ting what was understood to be the views of the Senate,
(not of the Executive,) on the question of advising that a
treaty should be formed, and before it was even drawn up,
and stating also, that on its ratification, their sentiments
would be authentically embodied, in order, no doubt, that
they mi^ht be transmitted with the tieaty itself, as our expo-
sition of the extent of our obligations. i repeat, the object
of the Secretary was a proper one, but his expectations were
defeated by the action, oi rather by the inaction ot the Sen-
ate.
