1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Si
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Texan Navy—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
itself, and fully disapprove of it. This doctrine of
a. mare dausum-is unstated to the age, and unaccept-
able to it. It is antiquated, like the treaty of
Utrecht. It seeks to appropriate to one nation—
what God gave to all the earth—the use of the
waters that surround it. At one time it almost
inade of the British Channel a British river, upon
which England claimed, that the ships of other
nations should not sail without an acknowledgment
of her supremacy.
But there is an obvious difference, which, how-
ever, has escaped remark, between the waters, such
asPuget's Sound, and others which penetrate our
territory, and there terminate, and the arm of fhe
sea, extending from Cape Flattery to Cape Caution,
which separates Vancouver's Island from the con-
tinent, and is a great line of communication, open
to the ocean, and communicating with it through
its whole extent.
fl find this subject so clearly stated, and the true
doctrine so ably laid down in a letter from Mr.
Buchanan to Mr. McLane, dated February 26,
1846, that I am tempted to make a quotation from
it:
" There is one pointwliieh it h necessary to guard, wheth-
er the first or the second ptop'isition should !>h submitted to
by the BntMl Government. The Wtiaits of Fuc!i is an arm
of the sea, and, umlei the public law, all nations would pos-
ses the same rJn!11 lo n;!yi!:;u' ;r rliton<_'hou! !H whole extent,
a- they now have to the navigation of the Bnti.-h channel.
Btill, to prevent! ufure difficulties, this onglit to be clearly
and distinctly undHstood. It is rendered the moie necessa-
ry when we lecolh-ct that that Ru.-i-ui Government, not
many yeais ago. asserted a claim to fhe exclusive navigation
of tile northern Pacific ocean, bettvfen its Asiatic and Ameri-
can territories, on the principle that it was a4 close sea.' "*]
Under these circumstances what should we do?
Voluntarily exclude the American flag from an arm
of the ocean, and thus shut it up, or amend this
proviso by declaring that the whole of these straits
is free to us, as well as to all other nations, so that
they shall neither expressly, nor by implication,
pass finder the sovereignty of a single power?
What possible-objection can be urged against this
course? Would England reject this convention,
because we refuse to accede to this proposition,
which even here is construed into a surrender of
an essential characteristic of national sovereignty ?
No; and if she did, she would do so at the risk of
encountering the reproach of the world, and the
indignant feelings of this whole country.
Now, sir, what is our position ? There are seri-
ous objections to this treaty. We all agree to that;
every one of us. Doubts exist as to the extent of
some of its stipulations; but none as to their un-
favorable character, whether more or less restrain-
ed by construction. Neither our own Minister,
nor the British Government, expects its ratifica-
tion without modification. That is evident. There
is an ample remedy within our reach for some of
these evils, if not for all of them. A remedy with-
out hazard, and without cost. Let us ask, and we
shall receive. Let us not accept as an ultimatum
what is not intended as such. If we must hasten,
let us hasten slowly. It is a wise old maxim, and
none the less wise, for its age. The responsibility
is upon the Senate. We have taken it. It becomes
us faithfully to meet it: to gain all we can for our
country, without too great a sacrifice. The whole
matter is within our reach. Our hand is still upon
the instrument. Not one obligation is yet imposed
upon us. We may, therefore, fully expose the
natuie of the duties we shall take upon ourselves,
if we become a party to this treaty. We ought
searchingly to examine them, in order to reject or
modify them, if found too onerous. This is equally
the dictate of wisdom and of patriotism. By a con-
ditional ratification, we can assert our own honor,
and strip these objectionable stipulations of their
most obnoxious features. If imposed upon us
without an effort to avert them, and with the
knowledge, that we can avert them, or some of
them, and will not, I am afraid we shall regret our
precipitate action, and the country an arrangement
which w ill j^ive us neither what we demanded, nor
what we offered. Neither 60°, nor 54° 40', nor
51°, nor 46°, nor the line of Utrecht, nor the line
of right, nor the valley of the Columbia, and which
creates obligations not less injurious than unac-
ceptable.
* It wilt be perceived that this extract is inserted here,
though not read in the Senate, because it fully illustiates
the subject. It had not been communicated to Congress
when this discussion took place.
TEXAN NAVY.
SPEECH OF MR. HOUSTON,
of texasj
the Senate, My 31, 184(5.
On the bill authorizing the President to increase
the Naval Establishment of the United States, by
adding thereto the Naval Establishment of the
late republic of Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON expressed his strong reluctance
to occupy, at this late period of the session, any
portion of the time of the Senate, but pleaded as
his apology a strong conviction of duty in the case.
He regretted very much that any difficulty should
have arisen as to the authority of the President to
incorporate the navy of Texas into that of the
United States-, but, since such was unhappily the
fact, he must be pardoned for ^oinginto some of
the circumstances which, in his judgment, made
the right of the President to do so extremely plain.
He did not know that he should be able to do en-
tire justice to the details of the case, in stating the
circumstances which had preceded the annexation
of Texas to the Union, and the conditions which
had been proposed to her as the basis of that an-
nexation.
It was certainly true that the overture had origi-
nated with the United States. This Government
had the option of proposing annexation or not: she
chose to make the proposal, and Texas had accept-
ed it. Unless the conditions appeared to her very
favorable, it was not to be presumed that she would
Nhave acceded to them. And could any one believe
that, if she had understood that no provision was
to be made for her naval officers, she would ever
have accepted a proposition which was in its very
nature unjust and degrading to them ? He pre-
sumed no gentleman here would entertain such a
thought for a moment. If, then, she had united
herself with the republic of the North on certain
conditions and guarantees, (among which she of
course understood the -idmission of her navy to be
one,) was not this Government bound in honor and
in good faith most strictly to fulfil tliem ? There
was no Senator here from Texas who came sup-
plicating for the munificence of this Government.
They were here to demand what they claimed to be
the rights of Texas, accordingto the stipulations of
the Government. If they were begging here for
mere grace and favor, they might not perhaps ex-
pect to receive much in that relation; but when they
came and made a direct appeal for rights, the
ground was changed. Such was the attitude of
himself and his colleague on this occasion: they
were claimants, not suppliants. Every promise,
every pledge which one nation could extend to
another, was made to Texas to induce her to be-
come a part of this republic. On those promises
and on the faith of those pledges she had come;
and now it remained for the United States to re-
deem her plighted faith by giving Texas what she
was justly entitled to. That she demanded, and ,
she asked nothing more. By this bill it would be
loft discretionary with the President whether he
should incorporate the navy of Texas into that of
theUnitedStates or not. And was it to be supposed
that he would do so unless Texas had meritorious
claims, and unless the individuals to be admitted
as officers were worthy of being received? It
would be conceding but little to Texas to do this :
it would be granting to her no favor, but simply a
small portion of the justice to which she was enti-
tled. Had Texas, after stipulating with the Uni-
ted States ccrtain conditions on which she would
enter this Union, failed to fulfil those conditions
after her reception, Mr. H. should feel that she
was forever dishonored—that a blot was cast on
the fair escutcheon of her fame; and was the pow-
er of this Government to excuse it, if, on its
part, it should be guilty of the like failure?
1-ie insisted that it could not. If she now refused
to do what she promised when inviting Texas
into the Union, her name as a nation could not
escape the degradation to which it would be
inevitably subjected. What those offers and stip-
ulations were, Mr. H. would now proc.ecd to
show from the correspondence of the American
char^c d'affaires, who reiterated them a^ain and
again, who urged her to accept the conditions, and
who pledged himself that if she did so her honor
should be safe, and her national shield should re-
main without a stain. Texas had now entered the
Union, and Mr. H. made his solemn appeal to-the
Senate to say whether these promises should be
complied with, or whether a sister State should
have her rights'denied, and should be treated with
contempt, because she acceded to propositions vol-
untarily made to her by this Government. Were
her representative^ here to be told that she had no
right? or that it did not suit the convenience of the
United States to comply with the solemn pledges
which had been given ?
Mr. H. here proceeded to read a letter from Mr.
Donelson, United States charge to Texas, dated
the 13th June, 1845:
" The manifestations of her wish and determination to
he restored to fhe boeom of the republican famiJ}*have been
unchanged by the denunciations of wa , and have been ex-
pressed in opposition to jnost artful attempts to create a
doubt about the final action of the Congro?« of the United
States in pa«siii<r the law yet necessary for her admission
into the Union. So gem'rons a confidence is worthy of a
people who value the blessings of freedom, and cannot he
disappointed. A<5 «ure as Texas accepts the pioposals for
her annexation to the Union, and adopts a republican form
of government not incompatible in its provisions with the
Constitution of the United Stntep, so ?ure will the Oontrreris
of the TTnifedjState^, wki<-h has never yet violated Us engage
weni, declare" T^xas to bo a fUato of the Union, vnlk nil
the sovereignty, rights, aru\ privile^a, of any other State."
Mr. H. said there was no analogy between the
condition of Texas and the other States of this
Union which had been incorporated into it since
the independence of the old thirteen. There were
States which had gradually grown up into such
from having been Territories. They had passed
the ordeal of a territorial pupilage; but Texas came
into the Union full grown. She entered it not as
a dependent Territory, but as an independent, co-
equal, and confederate State. She had been created
a State in anticipation that shp might so enter
She had not been raised from a state of childhood
and dependency to independence, hut it was stipu-
lated that, she should be incorporated into the Union
on an equal footing with the other States.
Now if she was in a state of equality with the
other Stales of the Confederacy, might she not
claim to have something like her just proportion
and quota in the officers of the "United States?
Whoever would lookattheRegisterwoulddiscover
that there were fifteen hundred of such officers
If equally divided among the States, this would
give to each State not less than fifty-six. ^ Was
Texas to be deprived of all participation in this
privilege? Was she to be degraded from her equal
rank with her sister States? And though it might
be insisted that the navy of the United States had
been called into existence and maintained and in-
creased before Texas became a part of the Union,
yet Texas, being now in the Union, would be
called to bear her full part in supporting the ex-
penses of the navy. If, then, she was not to be
exempt from connexion with it in a pecuniary
view, why must she- be politically excluded?
Either she had rights or she had none. If she
had rights, she held them as a sovereign State; if
she had not, she was no sovereign. Mr. H. con-
tended that she had rights as perfect and to the
same extent as any other State in the Confedera-
cy; and if they were not accorded to her she might
well complain of injury and injustice.
Rut it was maintained by some gentlemen that
to incorporate the Texan navy into ours would ho
to wound the honor rff American officers. Mr.
H. denied that any such consequence would fol-
low. The fact that, the navy of Texas was to be
incorporated into the navy of the United States on
the same principle as Texas herself was incorpo-
rated into the Union, did not infer the introduc-
tion of unworthy persons as officers of her navy.
This bill left the power of selection and nomina-
tion with the President of the United States. Were
Senators afraid to trust him with the guardianship
of the honor of the officers of our own navy, after
twenty millions of freemen had elected him their
Chief Magistrate? Could they suppose that he
would requite so generous a confidence by perfidy
to any arm of the service? Surely not. But if
this consideration did not form of itself a sufficient
guarantee, the Senate possessed one of a higher
and more direct kind. ' All nominations of Texan
officers must comc before the Senate itself; and
when those claims were presented here, would not
gentlemen have an opportunity to scrutinize the
merits of the applicants? Could lie distrust either
