34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
39tfT Cong;.:..2d Sess.
The Pullic hands—Mr. Mc demand.
Ho. of Reps.
vsrted into happy homes and productive fields.
But move of this anon.
In regard to the second branch of the gentle-
man's objection, which alleges the injurious ten-
dency of the measure upon the public revenue, he
will also allow me respectfully to differ from him.
Without pausing to dwell here in answer to his
objection, 1 will merely state, en passant, that I
hope I shall be able, in a subsequent portion of my
remarks, to prove it to be wholly unfounded: not
only Unfounded, but that the measure is wisely and
happily adapted to the purpose of revenue. But,
sir, was not such the case, with what propriety can
the gentleman object to it on this ground: Was it
not but lately that the shibolelh of the " great Whig
party," of which the gentleman is a distinguished
member, was an agrarian " distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands among the
several States ?" What may be said of this waste-
■ ful scheme, which unblushingly avowed the dissi-
pation of the whole land fund, if the more moder-
ate measure of graduation be considered improvi-
dent? What, also, becomes of the plighted faith
of the Government in relation to the public lands
in the one case, if in the other it be alleged that it
will be violated ? These are questions which 1
submit to the gentleman for a candid answer.
Passing from the alleged defects of the measure,
the gentleman next proceeds to deprecate any
" change" in the present " venerated and approved
land system!" But, sir, can he have forgotten
that this system, if it may be called so, has been
undergoing frequent mutations ? Has he foigotten
that the public lands have been divided from time
to time into smaller surveys; that the credit sys-
tem has been abolished; that the price of the pub-
lie lands have been reduced from two dollars, to
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre; and last,
that preemptions have been allowed ? All of these
were changes which threatened as much clanger
to the integrity of the original system as that now
proposed, and they were all no doubt deprecated
in their turn in the same lugubrious accents
^ which now assail our ears. Yet they have been
approved by experience, and by their success
invite still further changes. But %vhy should the
gentleman from Ohio now array himself in oppo-
sition to change? T believe I do him no injustice
in saying, that he urged it' as a merit of General
Harrison, in 1840, that lie was the author of sev-
eral alterations in this very system of the public
lands—particularly of the preemption policy. The j
gentleman then shouted loudly and lustily for ,
change. Change! change! change! was then the I
"Jive Maria" of' the "great Whig party." It be- !
came the wild and disastrous cry which swept over ;
the land as a tempest, marking that period as the j
most humiliating in the history of the country. j
[Mr. VINTON said he had never held it to be a !
merit that General Harrison had favored the pre-
emption policy. He (Mr. V.) was opposed to it.l
Mr. McCLERNAND. Oh, ho! well, then the
gentleman would turn the settlers out of their hum-
ble homes; he would perpetrate this cruelty, as well
as refuse them a title to their homes at such prices
as they could afford to pay. Would not this be
the practical effect of his views? With such views,
it is no wonder that gentlemen holding them should
appear to be callous to the wants and merits of the
settlers, or that they should stigmatize that worthy
and patriotic class with the appellation of " land
robbers," " land pirates," and such other choice
epithets as the vocabulary of Fedeial billingsgate
only affords.
It becomes my duty, in this connexion, to notice
another matter, somewhat personal in its character.
The opponents of this measure, perhaps for the
want of better argument, have undertaken to dis-
parage its friends, as "radicals," "agrarians,"
and "destructives;" indeed, as almost everything
unworthy. But with what justice have they un-
dertaken this discourteous task? Is it because a
majority of the friends of this measure are Demo-
crats? Is it because, as such, we contributed to
the destruction of the United States Bank ? Is it
because we have severed that adulterous tie, which
for a period, pregnant with disaster, subsisted be-
tween the Government and the State banks? Is
it because we have met the amicable advances of
other nations in regard to trade in a corresponding
spirit? In fine, is it because we are in favor of a
system of cheap lands, as a certain and efficient
means of adding to the national wealth—of improv-
ing the revenue, of increasing the number of manly,
independent freeholders, and thus of strengthening
the guarantees of" equal rights" and self-govern-
ment ? If so, if it be because we are guilty of these
supposed heresies, then we must confess the jus-
tice of our opponents' imputations; but in doing
so, -we must be allowed to claim it as a high merit
and distinction, that we are guilty of exactly what
we are charged with.
As the last appellation invented by the genius of
our opponents, fruitful only in names and mis-
chief, we have been called " progressives," upon
the idea, I suppose, that—
" Oft when the force of reason fails,
The sneer of ridicule prevails."
But, more seriously, what does this name ex-
press or imply, for names, notwithstanding, mean
something? Is it meant to convey the idea that
the Democracy are progressive, whilst the Feder-
alists are stationary ? That the one is the party
of movement—of movement- to the future; and
that the other is the party of recurrence to the past?
If so, we hail the name—we take it as equally
honorable and appropriate.
Let us pause, Mr. Chairman, briefly to analyze
the difference between the antagonist principles
thus appropriated by the two great parties, fhe
Federalists would carry us back to the despotic
times of " divine right" and the infallibility of pre-
cedent—I mean such is the tendency of their doc-
trines. They would reject everything but what
had been handed down from sire to son, through
immemorial ages, whether right or wiong; they
would allow no use for reason, thought, experi-
ment, improvement. As the poet describes the
sluggard, so you might describe them:
" One man theie was—and many such you might
Have met-who never had a dozen thoughts
In all Ins life, and never changed their course;
But totd thtnn o'ei, each in its 'customed piacc,
From morn till night, from youth till hoary age.
* * * v * *
Beyond his native vale lie never looked;
But thought 'the visual line that gilt him round,
The world's extreme ; and thought the silver moon,
That nightly o'er him led her vngtn host,
No broader than his father's shield. He lived—
Lived where his father lived—died where lie died."
But what has been the peculiar influence of that
quality of blind and irrational adhesion to obsolete
forma and systems which distinguishes the Feder-
alists, upon the interests of mankind? It was
upon the authority of an ancient but unjust prece-
dent that Charles I. enforced the extortion of ship-
money, and revived the inquisitions and oppres-
sions of the star chamber and high commission
courts. It was upon the same spurious authority
that Louis XVI. undertook to replenish his ex-
hausted exchequer by the arbitrary exactions of
royal edicts. And be it forever remembered, that
it was without any precedent these unhappy
princes were arraigned, for these and other like
offences, before the new tribunal of the people;
were there heard and condemned; and, as a conse-
quence, their respective countries were plunged into
long, bloody, and expensive wars. These have
been some of the painful and impressive conse-
quences of that principle which adheres rather to
form than to reason; which strives rather to per-
petuate power than to establish right.
The principle of progress brought England and
France through the bloody revolutions mentioned,
and finally triumphed in establishing in these old
seats of despotism the freedom of conscience, of
the press, and of debate; the inalienable rights of
life, liberty, and property; the elective franchise,
the accountability of government, and the writ of
habeas corpus, as well as m the suppression of letires
de cachet. In all Europe it has ameliorated the
condition of the masses, and in our own America
it has erected a temple to republican liberty, afford-
ing an asylum to the oppressed, and commanding
the admiration and affection of mankind through-
out the world. These have been some only of the
achievements of progress in the field of civil gov-
ernment. What now have been, if possible, its
still more brilliant triumphs in the extended range
of the arts and sciences ? It has brought mankind
from the clumsy devices of dark ages to the culti-
vated arts of a high civilization. Cartwright has
superseded the hand-loom plied by the fair daugh-
ter of the Trojan Priam; the war steamer and the
-graceful ship, that" walks the water like a thing of
life,'' directed with unerring certainty by the com-
pass, have superseded the rude galleys of Phoenicia
and Carthage; the beast of burden has yielded to
the locomotive; the panting courier to Morse's
magnetic telegraph; and the engines of Archimedes,
historic with Syracuse, to Colt's sub-marme bat-
tery. Natural history, the priestess of nature* has
called around her all the varieties of objects in the
animal and vegetable kingdoms, and has given to
them their names and classifications. Chemistry
has fathomed the mysteries of nature, and taught
us in the elements of matter the properties of these
elements, and their laws of combination. She has
become the great physician of diseased and decay-
ing nature. The lamp, the lightning-rod, and
magnetic masks to repel the floating atoms of steel
so fatal to the operatives in the needle manufacto-
ries, are among the gifts of science. Astronomy,
too—shall I omit to speak of its advances? Once
a mystic art, known as the vague and shadowy
astrology of Chaldean and Egyptian priests, it
has now become a grand and demonstrativescience.
By furnishing an cxact measure of time, it has
dispensed with the toilsome and anxious watches*
common among the Egyptians and ancient Greeks,
to discover the rising of the star Syrius, of Arctu-
rus, the Pleiades, and Orion. By revealing the
causes of these phenomena, it has dispelled the
superstitious fears that the comet was the fiery soul
of Csesar, seeking vengeance upon his tfmrderers;
or that it is to be intimidated by the thunders of
the church; and that the eclipse was a monster de-
vouring the sun, to be scared away by a volley ©f
Turkish musketry, or to be wailed as some ter-
rible evil by the Moorish song of death. In short,
it has spread the chart of the heavens before us,
and taught us familiarly in a knowledge of the
stars, the motion, relation, and laws of the great
bodies of the universe. But why dwell upon illus-
trations? Why attempt to recount the evidences
of the march of mind—the progress of improve-
ment? As the crowding figures of a dazzling pano-
rama, they charm whilst they defy enumeration.
The task would be almost as vain as the effort to
count the leaves of the forest, the sands of the sea-
shore, or the stars which glitter in the fnmament.
It is enough to say that they constitute the dis-
tinction of the present age, and the hopeful pledge
of a perpetually progressive future. Onward, on-
ward, is man's destiny; generations, like individu-
als, emerging from infancy to manhood, and thence
relapsing into second childhood, proceed from
step to step through advancing cycles, each gener-
ation adding to the superstructure of the former,
until, by some inscrutable law, themoment for the
completion of the towering edifice becomes the
signal for its precipitation into ruins. This, sir, is
my review of the antagonist principles of the two
great parties of this country, and this my defence
of the " progressive Democracy."
The bill, JVlr. Chairman, contemplates three dis-
tinct objects:
First-—Reasonable competition in the acquisition
of public lands.
Secondly-—A graduated reduction of prices ac-
cording to the value of these lands.
Thirdly—The transfer to the States of the lands
within their limits, which have been or may be in
market thirty years or more and remain unsold,
upon the payment of something more than a nomi-
nal equivalent therefor.
Competition, as an object material to the public
revenue, and the equal rights of citizens, is pro-
posed to be attained by opening the public lands to
the acquisition of all upon the same terms, for the
period of ten years from the date of proclaiming
each successive addition to the quantity of land in
market. For this term no distinction of persons
is made, except that which already exists m favor
of the preemptor—dn other words, the present
land system as it relates to purchasers, is preserv-
ed in full force, subject to the aforesaid limitation
of time. At the expiration of this limitation, the
graduating process commences, and a preference of
price is given to the occupant and cultivator, in re-
lation to such lands as, having been exposed to
sale for ten years, remain unsold* This regula-
tion, it is hoped, will prove equally advantageous
to Government and individuals. By reducing and
graduating the prices of lands according to quality
and value, the ability of the rich and the poor to
•acquire lands will become more nearly equalised,
