1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Lands—Mr. Mc demand.
and, as a consequence, the circle of competition
will be extended, sales accelerated, and the public
revenues enhanced.
The bill divides the public lands into six classes,
and graduates the price of each according to the
time they may have been in market. Operating
retrospectively as well as prospectively, lands which
have been in-market less than ten years form" the
first class, and are to be subject to sale at the pres-
ent minimum price of $X 25 per acre; those which
have been in market ten or more years the second
class, at §1 per acre; those which have been in
market fifteen or more years, the third class, at
seventy-five cents per acre, and so on, adding five
years for each remaining class, and reducing the
price twenty-five cents per acre on each, until the
sum of twenty-five cents per acre is reached for all
lands which have been in market twenty-five years.
The residuary lands unsold at the expiration of
thirty years, after having been exposed to sale for
the term of five years at each of the graduated prices,
constitutes the sixth class, and may be transferred
to the States in which it may be situated. (See
the following table for classification of lands now
in market, or for the retrospective operation of the.
bill.)
Ho. or Reps.
H
<u
in
§■*
£
© HO
tk
©. f*
3 4®
8> ??
© i-
a,
►C <3s
e J
S«2 £
"fl <3
.22 id >>
S
j
«cocnt- a <lo
g t-  o co
-2 rH lO 00
^ o j)" o" i cTc-f
ts, r"*> ,T\ 1 _4 <*M
§ $ ®
a;
, "53 > 
« CN
"§ | £5
K3 "C <t>
^.£§8
w 3 7X
HZ
gs c Z™
Z. ~ O bfi
-o cS
— >i
r; 4) S a
O-g ^ §
5 oT^
£ 5 5?
Z o bo
1^1
JeC#
a o
s s s
a> o b
> c c £
1=1 **13 C
j= <-  C 5
o ^ ~
S 4;
> 2 25
m - C br>
"o «Ss
a >*! —
co *■> "cs <n
J - c®
i—t to «jp
t— 00 -«f I-H
2 go ct> o o cm
^ lA 00 CO Oi r-<
5 lo irT -ry fC u-T irf .
iCOO«^HCDW«OCO
!c0^cii0wc50t0«
^WHqCTrit-OO^
rr^t^Or^^t^OOCrToO I |
1 1
; to to 1— co t— t-- t- CO i© <N
?t—tocot-l— OS t© C5 00 f- o
sf"!f o to •«# O i> H CO
? I-H tff COOOC^^tCCO^C/D I >
3 1 to
co od^c^td tp
<?f ** (jf rH r4* CO of
• ? i § 1 1 -S S> I :
^ d o S-- ts
•Sig.s.s'S.a g.a-g o &
Time, it will be perceived, the time the public
lands have been in market, is the criterion adopted
to determine their value. This test, although veri-
fied by experience, and the best the nature of the
case affords, has been controverted by the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] He has
brought forward, with seeming exultation, the
sales in the Upper Sandusky land district, in the
State of Ohio, for the purpose of controverting it.
Premising that the lands ir. question had been in
market thirty or more years, he proceeds to state
that the quantity of land sold in that district in 1843,
was 6,072 acres, for -which the sum of #10,184 was
received, and that the sales for the year 1845
amounted to 82,158 acres, and $256,329—showing
an increase of sales in the latter year over the
former, of 76,086 acres, and $236,145. This result
might be an exception to a general rule, and as
such not entitled to the force of argument. But, in
fact, it does not rise to the dignity of an exception.
The lands in question, so far from having been in
market for thirty years or more, as assumed, had
only been brought into market in the years 1844
and '45. I read from a communication from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office upon the
subject. He says:
" The heavy sales at Upfier Sandusky in 1844-'5,
' were caused by bringing into market the lands in
'the Wyandot cession in that State, (Ohio.) These
' lands cost the Government between four and five
'dollars per acre to extinguish the Indian title."
He might have added, that the value of these
lands had been greatly enhanced by improvements,
which is the true explanation of the increased value
they brought in market.
2. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
MEii] has also been pleased to assail this feature
of the hill. He has adduced the sales in the Chili-
cothe land district, in the State of Ohio, and in the
Shawneetown land district, in the State of Illinois,
to disprove it. Taking these cases in the order in
which they stand, I will proceed to examine them.
It appears that the quantity of land sold in the
Chilicothe district, in 1843, was 7,266 acres, for
which the sum of $9,163 was received; in 1844,
27,136 acres, for which the sum of $34,036 was
received; and in 1845, 28,312 acres, for which the
sum of $40,098 was received; thus showing an
annual increase of salesduring the period described,
of land alleged to have been in market more than
thirty years. But what is the true state of facts?
I read again from the communication of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. He says:
" The alternate sections along the Miami and
' Dayton canal, were proclaimed in September,
' 1842, to be sold on the first Monday of January,
' 1845, at that office, (Chilicothe,) and this accounts
' in some measure for the increase of sales in that
' district."
The expenditure of more than $15,000,000 upon
public works, the completion of more than a thou-
sand miles of railroads and canals, and the great
prosperity and population of Ohio, must also have
had a very great influence upon the value of the
lands in question. A reliance, however, upon the
contingency of public works constructed at the
expense of the States is too uncertain to be as-
sumed with safety as a basis of governmental
policy, independent of the injustice to the States of
such a principle of legislation. It will bo sufficient
to say that the increase of sales which has occur-
red for the last year' or two in the Shawneetown
land district is owing to an accidental cause which
can rarely occur. I refer to the discovery of mines
in that district, containing rich and extensive
bodies of lead, iron, and coal. My familiarity
with these facts as a resident of the immediate
vicinity of these mines enables me to speak of
them with confidence. A law was passed at the
present session of Congress excepting the mineral
reservation in that district from the operation of
preempdons, and setting an enhanced price upon
the lands known to contain mineral. The same
thing can be done, if it shall be deemed advisable,
whenever a similar case arises.
Having thus, as I trust, exploded the examples
brought forward by the gentlemen from Georgia
and Vermont, as illustrations of their general views,
1 will now proceed a step farther, and show, accord-
ing to the proposition already advanced, thaUimf is
an excellent general practical test, and as Ohio is
the State most relied upon by the opposition, I
too will take that State as an example. The fol-
lowing is a statement of the lands sold in the
State of Ohio from 1836 to 1842 inclusive, in each
of the eight land districts in that State, and the
money received therefor. The statement was
compiled at the General Land Office, and may be
relied on as correct:
Year. Acres sold. Purchase money.
183 6 1,282,992.80 $1,663,116 56
1837   470,420.72 588,564 39
183 8  243,095.87 303,945 78
1839   242,444.76 315,559 53
Year. Acres sold. Pui chase money.
1840   33,059.43 41,327:47
184 1  43,613.71 59,589 66
184 2  35,715.58 47,380 75
This statement shows a rapid annual decrease
of sales from 1836 to 1840 inclusive, and an in-
crease in 1841-2 over the preceding year, but so
slight, especially in connexion with the probability
that it occurred in consequence of some casual or
temporary cause, as not to impair the validity of
the example.
3. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
has not only denied the merit of time as a test of
value, but he has ventured to express a preference
for the mode of personal inspection and valuation.
Now this mode, if at all practicable, can only be
niade so at enormous expense, by an alarming
increase of Federal patronage, and after great anu
injurious delay. The present lantL system sup-
ports one hundred and forty enumerated officers,
besides a still greater number not enumerated,
scattered throughout the States, at an aunual ex-
pense of about $500,000; but how much more cum-
brousand expensive miistit become when extended
from the mere office of survey and sale, to the
almost infinite labor of visiting, exploring, mapping,
and assessing the value of every legal sub-di\ision
of the public domain ! Some idea, though very
indefinite, may be formed when we reflect that the
domain lands are commensurate with a thousand
millions of acres. Such a process would probably
render our Government the most expensive, parti-
san, and corrupt, in the world. The proceeds of
•the sales of the lands would scarcely reimburse
their expense; it would swell the array of office-
holders to a fearful extent; it would set the Ex-
ecutive in ascendant power over the other depart-
ments; it would tend, with powerful and dangerous
! momentum, to centralize and consolidate all the
powers of our political system in the Federal head.
How can the gentleman from Georgia, whose
eloquent voice has been so often raised in dolorous
lamentations of the evils of tlie " one man power,'-"
justify himself for a course so entirely at war with
his uniform professions? The mode of ascertain-
j ing the value of lands by personal inspection and
J valuation, has been often tried, and experience has
| shown that in those States where taxes are assess-
| ed upon the value of lands according to this pro-
! cess, greater disparity and irregularity exists than
j in others where lands are arbitrarily classified and
j assessed by legislative assemblies. Neither wiljt
j the ordinary indications upon maps or plats afford
any better index. These have been tried in refer-
ence to the mineral lands, and h^ve been productive
of serious inconvenience and confusion.
Having now answered the various objections to
the principle upon which it is proposed to graduate
the price of the public lands, I will proceed to in-
quire respecting the policy of the measure in a
financial aspect. It is a very common error to
suppose that the jost of acquiring and administer-
ing the public lands will not allow an abatement of
the present price without pecuniary loss to the
Government. This mistake has arisen, no doubt,
from the fact that the receipts and expenditures for
lands up to this time nearly correspond. But
these expenditures, it will be recollected, include the
cost of hundreds of millions of acres yet to be sold.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office,
treating of this point in his report, says:
" The estimate of the whole expense of purchasing ter-
ritory from toieign nations, extinguishing the Indian title,
and surveying and selling the public domain, is an average
of twenty-three cents per acte.1' Upon this "data, and by
allowing a loss of twenty-three cents per acre on one-tenth,
lienit,' whole n[ the unsaleable lands, the residue, or nine-
tenths, will amount at thc*e graduated lates, Eo an average
of sixty-seven and a halt' cents per acre; thus leaving an
excess of forty-four and a half cents per acre to meet all
possible contingencies. Tlieoe calculations are based upon
reliable data -- X will even hazard the prediction, based
upon expel ienct\ that, a graduated system, conducted on the
plan proposal, will derive a larger amount of revenue from
the wtwle 2iuhlic domain than the jrresenisystem."
Again, he says, in continuation, upon the practi-
cability, as well as the financial character of tlie
measure:
" The Chickasaw territory embraces, after deducting In-
dian reservations, 3,316,925.74 acres of surveyed public land.
Of this area, 8,205,65 acres were sold under the old sy-teni,
as being m the Choctaw country before the line of the
Chiekasaws was established, leaving a net area of 4,308,-
7-20.19 acres in the Chickasaw cession subject to the opera-
tion of giaduation. Of this, adding 86,005,68 acres of
orphan reservation sales, and making a surface of +,344,725
