36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
29th Cong 2i> Sess.
The Public Lands—Mr. Mc demand.
Ho. of Reps.
acres, there wore Fold up 10 30th June last, 3,469,390.95
acres, being within the space of nine and a half years. The
residue of the jiublic Chickasaw lands, being 875,404.02
acres, is in piocess o£ speedy j=ale. The. lands thus already
sold under graduation, brought ,$3,181,219 24; being an
average price ail round of 91.69 cents per acre.
" I will now take an adjoining territory of equal extent,
mainly selected on account oi fertility and the wants of
settlers, which has been in market an equal number of
years under the operation of the old system, and compare
lesults. Of 4,344,710 acres in the States ot Aikansas and
Louisiana, which have been in market about the same
number oi year* as the Chickasaw lands, 3,687,919 acies
remain unsold, only too,791 acres having been fold; the
proceeds of winch, at$l 25 per acre, amount to £820,9£8 15;
leaving a balance of 2,812,5.'i0 acres, and of 8-2,350,230 49 of
purchase money, in favor of the graduation system.
"Totfltfa must be added the advantage to the States in the f
settlementand improvement of wastes and barren*, swamps
and morasses, an advantage not only to the prosperity but
salubrity of a country, which cannot be calculated in dollars
and cents "
The Secretary of the Treasury, in a communi-
cation of thel5th of June, 1846, upon the subject
of the means to improve the revenues, testifies to
the efficiency of the measure as one for revenue, in
the following words:
«It is believed, also, that the reduction and graduation of
the price of public lands m favor of settlers and cultivators,
as lecommended in your message (the President's) of De-
cember labt, would make an annual addition of half a mil-
lion of dollars to ttie revenue derivable from the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, by bringing into market many
millions of acres of the public domain which are wholly un-
saleable at the present minimum puce established by law."
These facts, arguments, and illustrations, speak l
for themselves. They abundantly establish the ij
practicability, safety, and revenue character, of the ij
measure, ft would be vain for me to attempt to j|
add anything to their force or completeness. j
The next question which naturally arises, is,
whether the price of the public lands, in reference
to their actual value and the interests of the com-
munity, ought to be reduced. For one, I have no
hesitation to say they ought. Lands, like other
property, consist of different grades and qualities.
The rich alluvions are worth more than bald moun-
tains or unwholesome morasses. Lands adapted
to the production of the scarcer and more valuable
staples, fotton and sugar, ought to be worth more
than those simply adapted to the production of
grain; so of lands supplied with or convenient to
timber, as compared with those remote from it;
and so of lands situated convenient to, compared
with those remote fiom, market. Indeed, a thou-
sand circumstances, too tedious to enumerate, af-
fect the value of lands, it has been asked, how-
ever, why not reverse the scale of prices, and pro-
ceed in the ascending series? The answer is, that
the average maximum price received for the best j
public lands is only $1 27, or two cents more per !!
acrc than the present maximum. Of course, there-
fore, if the best lands are only worth $1 27 per
acre, the several inferior grades are not worth so
much, hut ought to be rated according to value.
As regards the particular scale of graduation
adopted in the bill, I have every*confidence that it i
will work well and justly. It is based upon a j
mathematical calculation. Assuming, as already ;
stated, the average cost of the public lands to be j
twenty-three cents per acre, it follows that the tj
interest upon the capital invested in them in the jj
course of fifteen years, will nearly double the prin- |j
clpal; it also appeais from experience that this will !;
be the average time saleable lands will probably '!
remain in market. Again: thirty years being the l!
ultimate period of graduation, and p 25 being the ''
highest, and twenty-five cents the lowest prices, of jj
course fifteen years will be the liiean time and ij
seventy-five cents the mean price. Now, this price jl
will reimburse principal and interest for the term j'
of fifteen years, the loss of twenty-three cents per H
acre upon one-tenth, or the unsaleable portion of H
the public lands, and leave an advance of fifty-five ij
per cent, to meet the cost of surveys, sales, Indian :j
annuities, and all possible contingencies. The 'i
Commissioner of the General Land Office reports H
that forty-four and a half per cent, will do this; but !l
to make asstuance doubly sure," I have increased j;
the advance to fifty-five. Upon the data 4 have j
given, the account would stand thus—taking say j!
one hundred and sixty acres for the demonstra- i:
tion:
160 acres, at 75 cents per acre $120 00
10 per cent, off for unsaleable
lands  12 00
Balance     <*108 00
Cost of 160 acres, at 23 cents
per acre  $36 80
Interest upon that amount for
fifteen years    33 12
Total price and interest    69 92
Balance to meet all contingencies  38 07
55 per cent, on $69 92 is  38 45
To the force of this illustration, might be very
well added the example of the States m regard to
their unappropriated lands. It has not been their
objectjso mucii to enrich their treasuries as their
citizens in disposing of them. Glancing, for a
moment, at their policy, we see that Pennsylvania
continues to offer her lands for sale at prices from
twenty-six to six cents per acre. Maine, I am in-
formed, has adopted the graduating principle m
regard to her lands, and receives labor upon the
high-roads in payment for them. North Carolina
offers hers at 12± and 6~ cents per acre. Tennes-
see, as the agent of the General Government,
offered the lands of the Government, unsold in that
State for three years, at 12§ cents per acre; and
since, at whatever price they would bring in open
market. And in all the States, perhaps, it has been
the practice to sell lands forfeited for non-payment
of taxes at whatever they would bring. Indeed it
ought not to be supposed that lands in this country,
where they are so abundant and population is com-
paratively sparse, arc worth as much as they are in
Europe, where the proportions of land and people
are reversed. From this cause they must be long
relatively much cheaper here than there. If the
graduating principle be not adopted, large bodies
of land must continue to he idle and unproductive,
a source of heavy expense to the Government; or
otherwise they will be occupied by those who are
unable or unwilling to pay for them, subject to the
deteriorating influence of a variety ot causes.
Another very important provision of the bill is
that which regulates the conditions of purchase.
At the present minimum price no restriction is
imposed upon the quantity of'land liable to be
acquired by any person; but at the reduaed prices
the quantity to be acquired cannot exceed three
hundred and twenty acres, and that quantity can
only be acquired by occupants and cultivators.
This regulation is perhaps entirely new, and it is
hoped will be attended with beneficial consequences.
It is designed to obviate the objection of excluding
any class from obtaining lands; to prevent monop-
olies by charging the capitalist and speculator a
higher pi ice fur lands than the occupant, who buys
with limited means for agricultural purposes. The
puvilege of the reduced prices is also extended to
freeholders; when their freeholds, together with
the addition applied for, shall not exceed three
hundied and twenty acres. This provision has
the sanction of great antiquity. It was a cherished
feature of the memorable reform proposed by the
elder Gracchus to grant to each occupant not more
than five hundred jugers of the domain lands, and
two hundred and fifty jugers for each of his sons.
ILeie the same object is substantially accomplished
by limiting the acquisition to thiee hundred and
twenty acres at reduced prices.
Occupancy, Mr. Chairman, is the original foun-
dation of title, and for this reason the occupant
should be preferred. Our preemption laws are
based upon the idea of the prior right of occu-
pancy. It was in virtue of this principle that
Abraham said unto Lot:
•'Let theu1 by no strife, 1 pray thee, between thee and me.
J-- not the whole land before t]]ee.? Separate thjseil, I pi ay
thee, fiom me. If thou wilt take the leithuml I will take
the right: or if thou dep.utest to the right hand, then I will
go to the left. And Lot lifted up his eyes and beheld all the
plain of Jordan, that it was well watered eveiyvvncre, even
as tue garden of the Loid. Then Lot rhoic hint all the plain
of Jordan, and journeyed ea-.t; and Alnaham dwelt in tue
html of Canaan."
The same principle has been recognised, in some
form or other, by perhaps every community which !
has existed, if not m every e.ase from an intelligent !
appreciation of its philosophy, at least from those
instincts which often stand in the place of the
higher qualities of reason and thought. It was
the command of God to our ancestor Adam, that he
should c< go forth from the garden of Eden to till the
ground from whence he turn taken.'' This command
has become the condition of man's existence, and
the means therefore to enable him to fulfil it is his
right. Indeed, it would be most difficult, upon
any sound principle, to distinguish between his
right to the free and necessary use of the earth, and
the corresponding right to the use of the other
elements. The rights in either case are equally
clear, and stand alike upon the same footing of
Divine authority. "In the beginning, (God said,)
Met us make man in our own image, after our
s own likeness, and let him have dominion over
(the fish of the sea, and over the fowls of the air,
4 and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over
4 every creepi ng thi ng that creepeth upon the earth."
In a political point of view, this question is also
highly interesting. Cheap, indeed free lands, to
all who may need to cultivate them, is perhaps
vital to the permanent virtue and success of a re-
public. This policy enables the poor, as well as
the rich, to attain the dignity and independence of
freeholders; it releases agriculture fram the shackles
of tenancy, and enhances its productiveness and
respectability in the scale of society. On the other
hand, dear lands favor monopolies by the rich,
who only can buy them; and monopolies and per-
petuities are the props of aristocracy and mon-
archy. Upon this subject, Thirwall, the historian,
informs us, that at the commencement of the era
of legislation by Solon, the lands of Athens had
been engrossed by the nobles, and he adds that—
" One who tiavelled at this time through Attica saw the
dismal monuments of aristocratical oppression scattered
over fields, in the stone posts which marked that what was
once a property had become a pledge, and that its former
owner had lost his independence, and was in danger of
sinking into a still more degraded and miserable condi-
tion."
These posts, as if for the purpose of adding insult
to suffering, were inscribed with the amount of the
occupant's debt and the name of his creditor.
At a later period, it is known that the military
hierarchy of the Gauls, when transferred from per-
sons to lands, grew up into the feudal system, in
which the chief authority was centrcd in the king,
and under him in the secondary chiefs or lords,
who, in turn were kings over their vassals. The
badges of this degrading system were homage and
fealty, whereby the vassal became the man of his
lord. Some idea of its cruel and slavish operation
may be formed from the fact that the lord, upon
his return from hunting, was authorized to rip
open the bdwels of two of his vassals that he
might foment his feet for refreshment. He might
compel them to beat the ponds through the night,
to prevent the frogs from disturbing his rest by
croaking, and not unfrequcntly the vassals were
subjected to be yoked, like cattle, to the carriages
of the nobility. *
In our time we have seen that the monopolies
and perpetuities of land, aggravated by the evil of
non-resident proprietorships, have brought upon
Ireland a series of calamities little less desolating
than the judgment of Heaven denounced against the
contumacious Egyptians. Ireland, a land endow-
ed with natural elements of plenty, has been con-
verted, as it were, into a very lazar-house and char-
nal vault. Her population is divided by faction,and
hunted down like wild beasts; her prisons and scaf-
folds are crowded with the victims of despair; and
her poor-houses thronged with paupers! Startle
not at the terrible fact, that out of a population of
8,175,124, the enormous proportion of 2,.185,000
are reduced to the miserable condition of paupers!
Nor is this all: thousands are destitute of shelter,
and a still greater number can claim no other pro-
tection from the meridian sun or the wintry blast
than wretched mud hovels ! Poor Ireland !—land
of my father—the Emerald Isle—redolent of heath
and hill and flowery vale, gifted with eloquence,
wit, love and song; rich in the treasures of the
heart, in genius and the spirit of heroism, are thy
sufferings never to cease r
But why recapitulate the instances of a truth so
obvious? All must agree that the control of the
soil is the control of the great source of subsist-
ence, which is, in effect, the control of men.
These remarks, applied in a political view, will
apply with equal force in an industrial and business
view. Cheap lands are the means of promoting
agricultural success, and the success of agriculture
in this country is the success of its best and most
natural interest. A brief recurrence to the evi-
dences upon which this proposition rests will estab-
lish its truth,-and must at the same time excite
emotions of patriotic pride in American bosoms.
Let us elevate ourselves to the view.
The American continent stretches longitudinally
