1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
$7
The Public Lands—Mr. Mc Clernand.
Ho. of Reps.
from Cape Horn to the Arctic Circle, in form
rudelv resembling a double-headed shot, and stands
as a bridge between Europe and Asia. On the
south its extension towards the great peninsula of
Africa forms the gate between the great divisions
of the ocean. The territories of the United States
embrace the most valuable portion of North Ameri-
ca, extending northand south, (now) from the 49th
to the 26th parallel of north latitude, and east and
west from the Atlantic to the Pacific; on the north
they are defended by hyperborean snows; on the
south by the Mexican Gulf; on the east' by the
Alleghany, on the west by the Rocky Mountains.
Nature herself furnishes the impregnable armor of
^ their defence. Within these limits is comprehended
the extensive plain, scarcely anywhere broken,
uniting the Frozen and Atlantic oceans, described
by De Touqueville as the (( most magnificent dwel-
ling plaee prepared by God for man's abode."
This plain embraces a large proportion of the in-
habitable and grain-producing portion of the globe,
and is endowed with a diversity of climate and soil
prodigal of fruits, grains, meats, furs—in fact, every
thing necessary to human comfort and prosperity.
With these advantages of geographical and com-
mercial position, we have made rapid strides in all
the elements of national greatness. In less than
three-fourths of a ccntury we have advanced from
the condition of a few feeble and obscure colonies
to the rank of a first-rate power, numbering twenty
millions of souls. In little more than half a cen-
tury, the limits of the republic have been extend-
ed from the base of the Alleghany mountains over
the organized limits of twenty-eight States and two
Territories; whilst its dominion, by the dauntless
energy of the pioneer army, has been extended
quite to the shores of the Pacific and Rio Grande.
Our foreign commerce since 1791 has advanced
from $49,271,551, to the vast sum of $231,901,170,
in 1845: ranking us the third commercial nation in
the world, and next to Great Britain and France.
So late as 1817 the tonnage of the entire Mississippi
valley was only about six thousand five hundred
tons—composed of barges and keel-boats; now it
is estimated at one hundred and sixty-one thou-
sand seven hundred and eight-seven tons—allowing
an average of one hundred and seventy-three tons
and a fraction to each boat. This tonnage is sup-
posed to employ fifteen thousand seven hundred
and fifty persons, and to represent an annual inte-
rior or domestic commerce of the value of about
$300,000,000. The steamboat tonnage of the Mis-
sissippi valley is supposed to be greater than that
of the whole British Empire.
But, sir, as rapid as has been the extension of our
territories, the increase of population, and thegrowth
of commerce, perhaps still more wonderful has been
thegrowth of the greatparent interest—agriculture.
Since the Revolution it has grown from compara-
tively nothing to an importance in many respects
greater than that of any other nation. The census
of 1840 shows the annual production of the United
States to be equal to $1,200,000,000; since, the
sale of ten millions of acres of the public lands, the
acquisition of Texas, and other additions, have
probably pushed it to $1,500,000,000. Of this
sum, much the larger proportion represents the
value of agricultural productions; the estimate is,
that ninety-seven one-hundredths of the whole is
drawn from mining, fisheries, and tillage, but chief-
ly from tillage. The same census shows that a
population of fifteen millions in the United States,
possess one-fifth more of horned cattle than sixty-
one millions of people inhabiting Great Britain and
France; of swine we also possess a greater num-
ber than both of these countries.
The following statement, taken from the Report
of the Commissioner of Patents, shows the esti-
mated quantities and values of the principal crops
of the United States for the year 1845:
Quantity. " Price. Total.
Wheat 106,548,000. 41 00. .$106,548,000
Corn 417,899,000.. 0 50.. .208,949,500
Rye  27,175,000.. 0 60... 16,305,000
Oats 163,208,000.. 0 30... 48,962,400
Potatoes  88,392,000.. 0 33... 29,169,360
Hay  14,065,000.. 10 00.. .140,065,000
Tobacco 187,422,000.. 0 05... 9,371,100
Cotton 936,088,000.. 0 07.. ..65,226,160
Rice  89,765,000.. 0 03|.. 2,873,480
~ ar 226,026,000.. 0 06... 13,561,560
Total 640,987,560
I have not paused, Mr. Chairman, in this hasty
sketch of the causes and progress of our national
growth, to dwell upon many important elements
entering into the general results. I might have
done so; I might have dwelt with peculiar pro-
priety upon the happy adaptation of our soil and
climate to the production of breadstufFs and cot-
ton—the great staples for feeding and clothing
mankind—destined, in our hands, no doubt, to
exert a great influence upon the exchanges of the
world. It will suffice, however, for the purpose
of my argument, to add, that although obvious
causes may promise us great success in commerce
and manufactures, yet still, nature herself has de-
signed that our highest success and greatest reward
shall be reaped in the golden field of agriculture.
In this department, we may hope to attain the ful-
crum asked for by Archimedes to move the world;
certainly we will be possessed of the means to al-
leviate distress, conquer hunger, disseminate vir-
tue and intelligence, spread free principles, culti-
vate " peace and good will," and to exalt mankind
throughout the world in a nearer approach to the
infinite excellence of the God in whose glorious
image they were made. Is not this
" * * * * * Printed large
On heaven and earth, in characters of living h ht,
And whispered in the e<*i by every wind."
These opinions are not without the sanction of
the great name of Jackson. In one of his mes-
sages he says;
"The agricultural interest of our country is essentially
connected with every other, and so superior m importance
to them all, that it is searccly necessary to invite to it jonr
particular attention. Tt is principally as manufactures and
commerce tend to increase the value of agricultural pioduc-
tions, and to extend their application to the wants and com-
foi ts of society, that they deserve the fostenne care of Gov-
ernment."
But, sir, an argument has been advanced by the
.gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] which,
if true, would prove fatal to the power of Congress,
to a certain extent, to encourage what is the great-
est and best interest of the country—agriculture.
He denies the competency of Congress to reduce
the price of the public lauds, consistently with the
compacts of the Government. lie regards the
Government as a trustee, under " deeds of cesiion"
executed by Georgia and other States, to adminis-
ter the lands ceded by them, " as a common fund,
' for the use and benefit of such of the United States
' as have become, or shall become, members of the
' Confederation, according to their usual respective
' proportions in the general charge and expendi-
'ture." (See deeds of session.) Upon this ground,
he insists, as I understand him, that the only
way to execute the trust according to its spirit
and meaning, is to sell the public lands for the
best price they will bring; in other words, to
treat them merely as a source of revenue. Now,
the gentleman will allow me to say, he has over-
looked a very important fact in connexion with
his argument—a fact which nullifies its whole
force. He seems to have forgotten that the Con-
stitution, an instrument of higher authority, and
more recent date, adopted by the same parties, has
superseded the condition of the cessions claimed
by him to exist. The Constitution provides that
" Congress shall have power to dispose of, and
' make all needful rules and regulatio7is respecting
' the territory or other property of the United
' States." Of course, the power herein conferred
is full and com plete, limited only, like all the others,
by the general scope and design of the Constitu-
tion itself.
Again, sir, is it not probable that this condi-
tion, which has been ascribed to the cessions in
question, if at all operative, maybe better fulfilled
by a reduction of the price of the public lands, than
by not doing so ? Is it not almost certain that the
ten millions of people inhabiting the twelve new
States have, by the amount of their contributions
for the support of government, saved to the old
States a larger amount for the same object than
would have fallen to their share of the proceeds of
the lands under the policy of distributing the same
among the'States? Assuming the population of
the new States to be equal to that of the old States,
and the annual charges of the Government to be
$25,000,000, the contributions of the former would
be equal to one-half of the whole amount—in point
of fact they are greater. That policy, therefore,
which will speedily convert our floating popula-
tion into freeholders, and thus increase the number
of tax-payers—which will bring the waste and un-
productive lands under occupancy and cultivation,
and hasten the period when they may be formed
into independent States—is the policy of all others
most favorable to the object of the cessions. What
can be the practical difference totGeorgia whether
the burden of her public contributions be lessened
by the revenue derived from land or customs?
None. Well, then, if cheap lands, by promoting
the public wealth, increase the demand for dutiable
or revenue-paying articles, it is the best policy foe
all. It is a f$ct, however, that any exclusive title
m the ceding States to the public lands,* was de-
nied by the non-ceding States, before and after the
cessions were made. The latter claimed them to
be the common property of all, acquired by the
common energies of all in the revolutionary strug-
gle, and upon this foundation the Government of
the old Confederation claimed to dispose of them
for the benefit of all the States. At most, the
cessions conveyed only a barren jurisdiction, for
the property of the soil was in the Indians, from
whom it was long afterwards purchased by the
common resources of all the States, the new as well
as the old. Any equity that may have existed in
favor of the ceding States to the proceeds of the
public lands, as an indemnity for the expense of
" subduing British posts and maintaining forts and
garrisons" upon them, has been long since satis-
fied, under stipulations demanded by these States
of the Government to that effect. Hence, sir, I
conclude the measure is not only within the power
of Congress, but also that it is eminently just and
politic.
To the people of the new States, Mr. Chairman,
this is not merely a speculative question, or one
involving a merely common and ordinary interest,
but it is one which affects them more powerfully
for weal or for wo than any other, perhaps, upon
which Congress could act. What is the condition
of the new States? Agriculture, although the pri-
mal source of all wealth, individual and national—
although the chief industrial interest of the new
States, has been doubly taxed: taxed first with
the cost of the domain lands, and next with an
usurous advance upon this cost, as the condition of
appropriating and rendering them productive. This
is wrong. It is wrong, because this evil, under any
circumstances oppressive, must fall with peculiar
hardship upon the population of the new States.
The citizens of these States are for the most part
poor, and $1 25 per acre, to be paid cash in hand
upon the instant, is comparatively as high a price
to them for lands as $10 or $20 in the old States,
where capital is abundant, and the terms of pur-
chase are all a matter of mutual accommodation.
But, sir, this is not all; another evil, little less
oppressive, remains to be added—I refer to the
restrictive or protective policy. Under the joint
operation of these twin genii of evil, the labor of .
the husbandman, as for himself, has been well nigh
rendered bootless. As the fabled Sisyphus, who
ever strove in vain to roll the returning stone to
the top of the mountain, he has toiled from sun to
sun, and still remains poor. He has enriched the
privileged classes, and filled the coffers of the Gov-
ernment with treasure, yet he still struggles in
penury himself. As a producer and consumer, he
is taxed not only for the support of Government,
but to enhance the profits of the manufacturer from
twenty to sixty per cent., whilst if he can make
one or two per cent, upon his own capital, he has
done better than many others of his own class.
The effects of the systems are visible as well in the
condition of communities as of individuals. They
are visible in the rags of agriculture and the costly
velvets of capital; m the wasted visage of the hus-
bandman and in the sleek fat rotundity of the
manufacturer; in the log-cabins and want of public
improvements in several of the new States, and in
the brick houses, marble palaces, parks, railroads,
canals, and m the electro-magnetic telegraph itself,
in several of the old States. Such injustice and
oppression cannot, nay musf not, endure. If no
other corrective be applied, one must be sooner or
later found in their own retributive excesses. Pub-
lic justice may be slow, but it is sure; it approaches
with leaden feet and iron hands; let the task-master
of agriculture beware!
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to consider the
third and last important provision of the bill: that
