1846.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
39
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lewis.
Senate.
reduced puces to settlers and cultivators, in limited quantities.
If gtactuated and reduced in pricc fora limited term to one
dollar pei acre, and after tlie expiration of that period for a
second and third term to lower j atea, a large portion of these
lands, would be purchased, and many worthy citizens, who
are unable to pay higher rates, could purchase homes for
themselves and their families. By adopting the policy of
graduation and reduction of price, these inferior lands will
be sold for their real value, while the Stales in which they lie
mil be freed from the inconvenience, if not injustice, to which
they are subjected, in consequence of the United States contin-
uing to own kirge quantities of the pnhlic lands within their
borders^ not liable to taxation for the support of their local
- government,"
Nor would it be just to overlook the distinguish-
ed part, taken by the Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Walker, in favor of this great measure. If the
clustering- achievements of his brilliant career—his
signal connexion with the annexation of Texas,
with the triumphs of free trade, with the most
searching and successful State reforms—had not
won for his name a place high upon the column of
fame, and deep and secure in the hearts of his
countrymen, his powerful, eloquent, and unan-
swerable advocacy of this measure would have
entitled it to these memorials of a nation's respect
and gratitude. With that clearness of perception,
accumulation and condensation of argument, feli-
city of illustration, and patient and comprehensive
investigation, which distinguish him equally with,
if not above, all of his illustrious contemporaries,
he has grouped in the compass of a few paragraphs
almost all that may be pertinently said in favor of
the measure—or upon the complete policy of the
Government. In his remarkable report on the
finances—rendered still more remarkable from the
fact, that it contains the first recommendation ever
jpade from the Treasury Department of the policy
of a graduated reduction of the prices of the pub-
lic lands—he says:
" The price at which .the public lands should be sold is an
important question to the whole country, but especially to
the people of the new States, living mostly remote fiom the
seaboard, and who have scarcely felt the presence of the
Government in local expenditures, but chiefly in the exhaus-
tion of their mean-* for purchases of public lands and for
customs. The public lands are not of the same value, yet
they are all fixed at one unvarying price, which is far above
the value of a large portion of the^e lands. There is a vast
and annually-increasing surplus of public land.?, very little
of which will be sold within any reasonable period at the
piesent price, and in regard to which the public interest
would be promoted, and the revenue augmented, by redu-
cing the price. The reduction of the price of the public
land< in favor of settlers and cultivator?, would enhance the
wages of labor. It is an argument utged m favor of the tariff,
that we ought to protect our labor against what is called the
pauper labor of Europe ; but whilst the tariff does not enhance
the wages oflaboi,the sales of the public lands atlow prices,
and ir limited quantities, to settlers and cultivators, would
accomplish this object- If those who live by the wages of
labor could purchase three hundred and twenty acres of
iand for $80; one hundred and sixty acres for $40; or eighty
acres for $20; or a forty-acre lot for $10, the power of the
manufactuung capitalist in reducing the wages of labor
would be greatly diminished; because, when these lands
were thus reduced in price, those who live by the wages of
labor could purchase farms at these low rates, and cultivate
the soil for themselves and families, instead of working for
others twelve hours a day in the manufactories. Reduce the
price which the laborer must pay for the public domain;
bring thus the means of purchase within his power; pievcnt
all speculation and monopoly in the public lands; confine
the sales to settlers and cultivators, in limited quantities;
preserve these hundreds of millions of acres, tor ages to
come, as homes for the poor and oppressed; reduce the
taxes, by reducing the tariff, and bringing down the piices
which the poor are thu< compelled to "pay for all the neces-
saries and comfbrts oflife, and more will be done for the
benefit of American labor than if millions were added to the
profits of manufacturing capital by the enactment of a pro-
tective tariff." ;
Mr. Chairman, history informs us that among I
the ancients there was a famous statue dedicated to j
"Opportunity,"which represented a youth wooing ;
mortals to follow, with an earnest expression of
invitation and appeal, but at the same time with i
wings in the very act of spreading for instant flight j
—flight that knows no return. It is to be regret- j
ted, sir, that among all the treasures of ancient art [
brought to light by modem discovery, this famous j
statue has not been found. Its lesson and its moral j
might be contemplated with profit by the Repre- :
sentatives from the old States, in reference to the
pending question of the public lands. Let them
oeware lest the "opportunity" which now invites
ere long will have taken an irrevocable flight!
"Westward, ho !,J is the inspiring motto of adven-
turous millions. " Westward the star of empire
has taken its course;" and the influence of the'
East, no w in the zenith, must soon pass to the nadir.,
With this consummation the voice of the infant
West will be no longer heard in supplications,
but its manly power will be felt in executing right
and justice. Again, I say, let the old States be-
ware ! If the proffered hand of conciliation and
compromise be again repelled in the pride of pres-
ent majority, retaliation and retribution may, ay, I
had almost said, will, follow.
There is even now, sir, in the new States an ill-
repressed discontent, which may be heard warning
us, as with the premonitions Af an earthquake, to
remedy speedily and effectually the oppressive in-
justice of the present system. In the future,
unless anticipated, these warnings may become
reality—these premonitions the earthquake itself—
felt in angry sectional contentions and even in dan-
gerous political convulsions. One thing may be
counted on ri^ht certainly, that the people of the
new States will never consent to endure the evils
of this system for the centuries it must continue
to fulfil its intention and object. The intelligent
head of the General Land Office thus speaks in
his report upon the subject:
"Among those who feel the unequal operation of the
present system, and with whom the question is not merely
a speculative one, the repeated failure* of tliN favorite pro-
ject have been tht cause of deep mortification ;uid disap-
pointment; and they have been leady at tunes fo ehaige us
; opponents, not with the want of practical information on
1 the bubject, but with secret ho>tihtyto the growth and pros-
; perity of the new States Tln« suspicion is ill-founded ;
j but, unfortunately, it has sunk deep into the minds of the
; people of that lesion, and if not removed m time, may yet
j lead to a system, of reprisal both discreditable and injurious to
' the whole country."
It is, sir, the highest attribute of statesmanship
to be able to appreciate the circumstances which
surround us, and to provide, whilst it may be yet
done safely and wisely, the antidote for approach-
ing evil. Why should not we as statesmen do so?
Why dally until the " golden moment" shall have
forever fled ? The cries of the plebeian Romans for
justice were long spurned by an aristocratic Senate;
but the day of retribution came, and a people who
had been for generations excluded from the owner-
ship of land, and subjcctcd to the wretchedness of
want and destitution, asserted their rights. The
secession of the Mons Sacer marks this instructive
event. The peasantry of France—their squalid
rags, their poverty, their misery, and degradation,
appealed, also, in vain, for centuries, to the crown
for the redress of their complicated grievances; but
upon them, too, the day-spring of justice and lib-
erty eventually broke; upon their oppressors, too,
fell the bolt of popular retribution ! The seeds of
the storm were sown through long ages, but were
finally reaped in a dreadful harvest of blood, in
the Revolution which overturned the French mon-
archy, and wrecked the whole frame of French
society. I do not say, sir, that we are threatened
either by the causes or the prospect of any such
calamity; but what I mean to say is, that it is the
part of wisdom and duty to guard against even its
possible approach. From the equality—the popu-
lar tendency—the nature of republican institutions,
causes may spring into precocious fulfilment under
them, which, under the less genial influences of
monarchy may operate through centuries, before
they arc ripened to fruition. Already, indeed,
has it become the watchword of a bold and active'
party to ifvote every man a farm"—and why not, if
he needs it? But this is not all: clubs, presses,
lectures, multifarious appliances, have been resort-
ed to by some individuals, perhaps not a few, to
push the extreme doctrine of an agrarian distribu-
tion of the soil to consummation. In New York
we have seen the germination of this doctrine and
its fruits, in attempts to resist law and order, and
in actual bloodshed! Let us beware that the ex-
ample of the Empire State, under circustances of
increased aggravation and irritation, docs not be-
come contagious, and spread to much wider and
more dangerous limits.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
REMARKS OF ME. LEWIS,
OF ALABAMA,
In the Senate, My 27, 1846.
The Independent Treasury bill being under con-
sideration, with the amendments of the Committee
on Finance, and the question being on the amend-
ment of the committee to the 21st section, which
is as follows:
Se c. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no exchange of
funds shall be made by any disbursing olfieers or /igerits of
the Government, ofapy grade or denomination whatever,
or connected with any branch of the public s.ervice, other
than an exchange for gold and silver; and every suclf dis-
bursing officer, when the means for bis disbursements are
furnished to hiimn gold and silver, shall make his payments
in the money so furnished; or when those means are fur-
nished to him m (hafts, which cannot'be disbursed at gar,
shall cause those drafts to be presented at.their pface of pay-
ment, and properly paid according to the law; and shall
make his payments m the money so received for the drafts
furnished, unless in [either] such case he can exchange the
means in his hands for gold and silver at par.
The words in italics were proposed to be inserted
by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LEWIS, in reply to the objections made to
the amendment proposed by; the committee, said,
that from the character which the discussion of
j this proposition had assumed, it might be inferred
i that the committee had proposed an issue of Grov-
! ernmcnt paper for the purposes of circulation.
Now, sir, (said Mr. L.,) it is unnecessary for me
to say to those who have read the bill with its
amendments, that no such thing was intended.
So far from it, the committee had left in fiili force
every provision of the original bill which guarded
against the use of treasury drafts for the purposes
of circulation. Thev had not stricken out a single
syllable from the 22d section, which expressly
proyides that it shall he the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to adopt such regulations as shall
cause a speedy presentation of such treasury drafts
at the place of payment, for the purpose of prevent-
ing them from continuing in circulation as a paper
currency. But as decided as this section is against
the use of treasury drafts as a circulating medium,
I am willing, if any gentleman will suggest them,
to adopt still stronger means; and before I take
my seat, I shall myself propose additional safe-
guards against the consequences which gentlemen
impute to the amendment of the committee.
But, Mr. President, the true question is, not
whether wc shall adopt a paper currency by this
amendment, but whether we shall use treasury drafts
atallin the disbursement of the public revenue. All
aie willing to provide against the creation of a
paper currency; but the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Allen,] and some others who oppose this amend-
ment, contend that we must dispense entirely with
the use of paper in the collection and disburse-
ment of the public revenue. He says we are
pledged to the use of hard money to the exclusion
of every kind of paper, whether in the form of
checks, drafts, or paper,money. This I deny.
We are pledged to the abandonment of bank paper
in every form. This is called an independent
treasury, because it is entirely independent of
banks or bank issues. It is in fact a divorce of the
Government from all connexion whatever with
banks or bank paper. But I deny that there has
been any pledge by the friends of this system, to
dispense with the use of treasury drafts for purely
revenue purposes. The operations of the treasury
cannot possibly proceed without them for a single
day, and never has proceeded without them a sin-
gle day, even in the hard-money times of the year
1789, when nothing but gold and silver was receiv-
ed into the treasury. Whatever may be the me-
dium used—whether of gold and silver, or paper
—the treasurer must draw on these funds in favor
of the public creditor. These drafts aresupon actual
amounts of revenue already in the treasury. They
are not in form a paper currency, and when they
effect the fiscal purpose for which they were drawn,
their functions cease, and by this bill the Secretary
of the Treasury is rea uired to accelerate that result,
by regulations which shall enforce their speedy
presentation at the points on which they are drawn;
and that, too, for the express puipose that such
drafts shall not be made a paper currency.
Having said so much on the character of thes«
treasury drafts, and the necessity for their use, I
ask what is the amendment proposed? By the
bill, as it came from the House, it is provided, that
when a disbursingofficer is furnished with treasury
drafts, unless he shall exchange the same for gold
and silver at par, he shall cause such drafts to be
presented at their place of payment, and shall then
pay the gold and silver so received to the public
creditor. Now the committee propose to insert,
after the words "when those means are furnished
to him in drafts," the words, "which cannot be
disbursed at par."
The .effect of the amendment is, that when :w.e
