42.
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 30,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Thibodavx.
Ho. of Reps.
for 19,383,000, leaving a balance, compared with
the former price, of #3,795,000, which may be con-
sidered as clear profit to the consumer. ^ I have no
correct means of ascertaining what portion of this
profit would come to the cotton planter; but it is
• not presumable it can exceed $1,000,000. Let
§1,000,000 he considered the sum saved by the
planter on the price of sujrar, and let us now pro-
ceed to ascertain what will be the increase m the
demand for this cotton, after the proposed repeal
of duties on sugar. .
No one, I presume, will venture to say it would
be increased in England, France, or any other
country than Cuba. Now, were Cuba to consume
as much cotton as the United States, in proportion
to population, (which I am told is not the fact,)
and were the demand to increase ten per cent., still
this remarkable increase in the additional demand
would not exceed the sum of $140,000.
The cotton crop of the United States, in 1845,
was 873,992,500 pounds, which, supposing it to
have been sold at 7 cents per pound, produced
$61,179,475. As the price of all commodities de-
pends upon t.he laws of supply and demand, it is
plain that a greater or smaller supply would have
produced a corresponding rise or fall in the price,
but still that |61,179,475 would have been the
measure of demand; we may therefore lay it down
as a truth beyond all controversy, that the reduc-
tion of duties on susar cannot increase the demand
for cotton beyond $61,319,475.
But what will be the effect produced upon the
culture of sugar, by the fall in the price of sugar
and molasses to three and a half and seventeen
cents ? The culture cither would or would not be
abandoned. And, first, should it be abandoned.,
the slaves now employed on the sugar estates
would and could annually produce (for our climate
is well adapted to the culture of cotton) 102,000,000
pounds cotton, which, added to the quantity pro-
duced in 1845, would increase it to 975,992,500
pounds. This increased production, the demand
being measured by #61,319,475, would bring down
the price of cotton, even under the most favorable
circumstances, from 7 to not less than cents per
pound, and the sales would stand very nearly
thus:
The sugar (now cotton) planter.. .$6,375,000
Cotton planter 54.944,475
$61,319,475
The cotton planter, instead of $61,179,475, would
now receive only $54,944,475 for his crop—a loss
of $6,235,000, from which should be subtracted
$1,000,000, saved on the price paid by him for
sugar.
The sugar (now cotton) planter, instead of $13,-
178,000, would receive only $6,375,000, and the
losses would stand thus:
The sugar (now cotton) planter's loss, $6,803,-
000, the cotton planter's, $5,235,000, being in all
$12,038,000. Such a result in its effect upon the
Union needs no comment.
In the second place, should the culture of sugar
not be abandoned, and the profits remain equal or
nearly so with those of cotton, still the present pro-
tection should be maintained. The rapid transfer
of capital and labor from cotton to sugar since
1842, leaves no doubt that a few years only will be
sufficient to relieve the cotton culture from its pres-
ent excessive production. Independently of Texas
and Florida, there are lands enough in Louisiana
to supply the Union with sugar, and at the present
time an additional transfer of not less than 120,000
slaves to its culture would be required to supply
the market.
Is it not evident, then, that the cotton planter's
prosperity depends greatly, if not entirely, upon
the protection granted to sugar, and that cotton
needs, and does actually receive, protection?
I shall proceed, next and lastly, to make a few
remarks on a subject which members seem unwil-
ling to discuss on this floor, save in what they are
pleased to call practical arg-uments and illustra-
tions. I mean the doctrine of free trade, or univer-
sal competition. And it is not without fear and
hesitation that J introduce this subject, knowing
the aversion of the party to which I have the honor
to belong to all manner of novel theories, and of
the progressive Democracy to all speculations not
their own. But when theories are about to be in-
troduced into our national policy, it is unwise, in
my opinion, not to meet and oppose them, no
matter in what form they may be presented. Be-
sides, sir, I intend to propose no theory, but only
to join issue upon one. To the appeal made to the
poor, I rejoin by appealing to them too; and God
grant that they may learn and know in time what
that doctrine of universal competition will bring
them to; for, notwithstanding the opinion of learn-
ed doctors both at horn* and abroad, much good,
I hope, may and will be done, to use the expres-
sion of one of them, by " indoctrinating them [the
poor] in the correct principles of political econ-
omy."
1 shall not here undertake to discuss the ques-
tion at length. My only object is, if possible, to
call the attention of the country to it, as it is pre-
sented to us by its warmest and ablest advocates
and teachers, adding certain statistics, and a few
short remarks for the purpose of illustration and
elucidation. And, first,let mc submit to your con-
sideration the following table, taken from the work
of Villeneuve Bargeroont, on Pauperism, publish-
ed in 1837:
Description.
Population 
Proprietors or capitalists
Those dependant upon
wages for subsistence.
National production or
revenue, m francs....
Being for each person..
For each family 
Paupers 
Paupers in proportion to
population 
Mendicants 
Illegitimate children in
proportion to popula-
tion  
Crimes and misdemean-
ors m proportion to
population 
Virion® population,
thieves, kc. 
Do. in proportion to pop-
ulation  
England.
France.
23,400,000
3,400,000
32,000,000
20,000,000
30,000,000
12,000,000
fr. 12,870,476,375
fr. 550
fr. 9,750
3,903,671
fr. 7.500,000,000
fr. 230
fr. 1,150
1,600,000
1 to 6
200,000
1 to 20
198,000
1 to 12
1 to 14
1 to 725
1 to 3,840
Lontfun.
229,000
Paris.
40,000
1 to 6
1 to 19
According to this author, the number of paupers
in the following: countries of Europe are, compared
to their population, as follows: Low Countries, as
1 to 7; Switzerland, 1 to 10; Austria, 1 to 25; Den-
mark, 1 to 25; Prussia, 1 to 30; and Russia, i to
100.
Let us pause here for a moment to consider
3,000,000 of paupers in England, notwithstanding i
its immense production, which is sufficient for a
population of 60,000,000. Why this artificial
famine in the midst of abundance and luxury?
How is it that the wretched operative, after his
Ions; and exhausting; day's work, in which lie has
produced four times the amount necessary for his
wants, should, nevertheless, live in wretchedness
and poverty ? Why these starving millions for the
want of employment? Why these poor-houses for
able-bodied paupers? See France: notwithstand-
ing her misfortunes and reverses, and her limited
production compared to England's, her people are
more contented, prosperous, and honest. Why is
it so ? Why this pauperism greatest where com-
merce and industry are said to be most flourishing
and prosperous? Let our free-trade teachers speak
and answer. I hold in my hand the work of
Henry Vethake, LL. D., (professor in the Univer-
sity of Pennsylvania,) dedicated, to the numerous
young men who, at different periods during the
last sixteen years, have attended his lectures on
political economy I select this volume, not he-
cause it advances new principles and doctrines—
for it contains nothing unorthodox in the science—
but because of the merit and standing of its aifthor,
who has aided perhaps more efficiently than any
other person in the country, in rendering popular
the doctrines now attempted to be introduced into
our national policy. From pages 99 and 100 I
read—
« What are the circumstances which regulate the rate of
wages?"
" In reply to the question which has been put, I may, in
the first place, remind the reader that wages have been
shown to be determined, in every case, on the principles of
supply and demand, by the lelation that is subsisting be-
tween the supply of labor and the demand for it; and as the
supply ofiabor, all other circumstances lemaimng the same,
is in proportion to the number of laborers, and this again in
proportion to the amount of the whole population; while,
on the other hand, the demand for laboi is ineasuied by that
portion of the capital of a country which consists of wages,
and which, again, is proportional to the whole amount of
that capital, it will follow, that the rate of wages is depend-
ant on the relation which the capital of a country bears to
the numbers of the people. So long as this relation con-
tinues the same, wages will remain unaltered. It" the popu-
lation remain btationaiy, wages will iise or fall according
as capital increases or decreases. And as an jnciease or
decrease of capital can, in that case (the same quantity of
labor being always applied) only, it is evident, taKe place
with an advance or decline in the arts, wages will then
rise or fall with evciy such advance or decline. If, on the
other hand, we suppose the amount of capital not to alter,
the number of people will determine the late of wage; in
fact, the veiy same amount of wages will have to be divided *■
among a greater number of persons."
" Hence it appears that the laws which regulate increase
of population mubt first be investigated befoie the subject of
wages can be fully understood; or, in consequence of their
intimate connexion, it would, perhaps, he more proper to
5>ay, that both subjects should be investigated together. To
this investigation [ shall now accordingly proceed.
"I set out with the remark, that the checks to the in-
crease of population may manifestly be classed under the
two heads of the preventive, and the positive chocks! The
former prevent the birth of human, beings; the latter destroy
them after they have been breught into existence."
Again, from page 107:
« Let us uow proceed with the deduction of such consc-
quences as flow legitimately from the law winch has been
established—that population is everywhere checked by the
difficulty ot procuring the means of support. First, since
when those means become at any time more abundant, that
is, whenever the checking or counteracting force is in any
degree removed, population begins immediately to increase
with more rapidity than it did; we can make no hesitation
to pssent to the following propositions—that population is
ever pressing on the means of support—and that population
has a tendency to increase moie rapidly than the means of
support. These two propositions are, in fact, only different
modes of expressing that from which I have asserted them
to be obviously deducible."
And third, and lastly, from page 103:
" When wasfOs cxpeiience, from whatever cause, a sud-
den rise, that is, when the laborers unexpectedly come to
pos*iCh! , in a greater quantify than before, the necessaiies
and luxuries of life, it is uniformly found that the number
of marriages is increased. A very sensible influence on
their number is exerted by an extraordinary fruitful sea-son,
or by one which is in an extraordinary degree unfruitful, as
is to" be inferred from the actual registers of marriages kept
in the different parts of England. When, also, in East
Prussia in the year 1711, n pestilence bwept off, as it i® baid,
one-third of the inhabitants, and when wages rose in con-
sequence, considerably above their usual level, the number
of marriages was prodigiously increased in the following
year. In a ti act of country where their annual number had
been six thousand, it was doubled. It is not, therefore, at
all surprising that no effects of the pestilence should have
been remarked after a few years, and that the Prussian
population should so soon, as writers state, have appeared
to have restored itself."
Now, to recapitulate what has just been read.
Wa?es are determined by the law of supply and
demand, and the supply has a natural tendency to
increase more rapidly than the demand. Apply
these facts to the queries suggested by the statisti-
cal table I have submitted, and we shall necessa-
rily come to this great and important conclusion,
that the population of a country bears no relation
to its production—[for instance, while the produc-
tion of England is to that of Prance as twelve to
seven, the population of Prance is to that of Eng-
land as thirty-two to twenty-three, and the condi-
tion of the people decidedly better;] but that the
number and condition of the people depend upon
the means of employment, whereby the necessa-
ries of life may be obtained. In proportion as
population will be found " pressing on the means
of support," so will the condition of the great
mass be wretched. As the number of those who
j receive wages increases, competition becomes
greater, and wages fall; and thus they fall lower
and lower, until the reward of labor is the mere
condition of existence. And when all is full, the
wretch who comes after is a trespasser upon the
world, wherein his hopes and fears of this life are
narrowed down to the poorhouse, the prison, and
the grave. True, sir, free trade, or rather univer-
sal competition, may increase the productiveness
of labor, as it is seen in England; but how will it
be accomplished? By plunging, if I may be al-
lowed the figure, the productive (not the consu-
ming) classes into a whirlpool of competition, and
compelling them to strain every muscle to stem
the tide leading to wretchedness and starvation.
Mr. Chairman, I had supposed that the object
of government, more particularly of our own, was
to promote the happiness of the people; but our
political economists have reversed this proposition,
and, overlooking altogether the general prosperity
and welfare of individuals and families, only ask
how the wealth of the nation may be ^promoted.
To this great end—the accumulation of national
wealth—every consideration of humanity is made
