1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Public Documents.
Ho. or Reps.
subservient. The cries of the poor are unheeded,
the wages of labor are depressed, in order that the
nation may be rich.
Some of these economists, looking to their favor-
ite theory, seem to think that the wealth of the
nation, as well as the happiness of the people, can
be better promoted by keeping wages low; for,
sBy they, high wages have a tendency to make
men idle; while others, still more considerate, tell
us that the wealth of the nation may be increased
by high wages, because the tempting reward will
induce the laborer even to overwork himself, and,
in his efforts to accumulate, he will sometimes
either shorten his days or die. How philanthropic,
how humane ! How exalted the theory which
proposes to build up a nation's wealth over the
graves of its own citizens !
Mr. McCulloch, however, our great English
oracle, has refuted this argument, and shown that
the human hive, like swarming bees, will increase
the amount of honey for the common stock, or
rather the national wealth, in proportion as you i
deprive them of the reward of their daily toil. I
This is the theory—rub them, grind them—for the ]
more you grind them down, the more they will ;
produce, not for themselves, Mr. Chairman, or for ;
their impoverished families, but for the national i
wealth! \
But, in carrying out their favorite theory at the j
expense of the individual man, and at the sacrifice i
of individual interests, these economists discovered I
that they were creating and nourishing that fearful
evil, pauperism, which has been so aptly denomi-
nated the gangrene of civilization. The benign
influences of Christian charity were brought to
bear upon it, in the hope to arrest its march; and
alms-houses, poor-houses, pauper-asylums, were
recommended and brought into requisition. But,
alas, the evil continued to progress. The remedy
was found to be not only insufficient, but promo-
tive of the very evils which it proposed to cure;
and that, too, by taxing the national wealth. Other
remedies were devised, and, prominent among
them, we find the truly benevolent purpose to
check the too rapid increase of population among
the poor, by " multiplying their wants and stimu-
' lating their desires generally, for every enjoyment
' of life, not of an injurious or immoral tendency,"
and by thus "imbuing the people with a taste for
' enjoyment, to induce them voluntarily to retard
' the average period of marriage for its gratifica-
tion." And this, sir, is the second fundamental
proposition, or the theory of civilization. The
people are told, and many of them are made to be-
lieve, that labor is wealth; and that the poor man
is a consumer, whose happiness is measured by
the number of his desires, and his ability to gratify
them; nay, furfher, that the general welfare is esti-
mated by the productive powers of the nation in
the aggregate, rather than by the comfort, happi-
ness, and independence of the individuals who
compose it.
But even these last means, which have been in
no way successful in England, have not proved ade-
quate to the emergency, and many of the European
rulers are compelled to resort to the very practical
and efficient mode of ridding themseiyes of their
superabundent poor population by facilitating emi-
gration to other countries. And, were it not for the
cost and difficulties attendant upon the full execu-
tion of this plan, they would cheerfully send us
•some twelve or fourteen millions of people in the
■course of a single year.
Here, at home, the policy is reversed. Our po-
litical philanthropists, or, rather, our philanthropic
politicians, cannot find a sufficient amount of suf-
fering for the exercise of their benevolence, and
they hail the emigrant's arrival as so much added
to the national treasure.
Are we not already building poor-houses? Is
not our population sufficiently large, and wages
'sufficiently low? Not at all, it would seem, for
laborers are m demand, and laborers are wealth !
But who is benefited by the augmentation of their
■numbers ? Is it the poor man, by the increasing
competition which he is forced to encounter ? Or
is it his employer, who can, by a reduction of
•wages, more successfully meet his competitor in
the markets of the world, and thereby increase his,
and (permit me once more to say) the national
wealth ?
Sir, our protective tariff'is but half a measure,
and its effects are more than paralyzed by the ex-
cessive supply of the laborers famished by emi-
gration. Again, let me ask, who is benefited by
this emigration? The emigrants are said to be
composed of day laborers, mechanics, and farmers.
Admitting it to be true, will the laborers of any
State receive better wages by the addition of thou-
sands of their number? Will the mechanics be
more prosperous ? Will the farmers obtain a bet-
ter price for their produce by doubling the supply
in overstocked markets ? Sir, if there are no poli-
ticians bold enough to answer this inquiry, pos-
terity will.
In making these desultory remarks, (for I see
that my hour has nearly expired,) I hope I may
he permitted to add, that in all I have said, I have
had no guide hut my conscience, and no aim but
the public good. In the present exigences of the
nation, when American labor and American labor-
ers are about to be sacrificed, as well from unwise
laws as from the alarming flood of foreign emigra-^
tion, I have felt it my duty to call the attention of
the country to the fact, however thankless the task
may be.*- In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I would
that my humble voice could reach-the ears and the
hearts of my countrymen, to warn them against
the adoption of a policy which, however well
adapted it may be to the monarchical governments
of Europe, must prove destructive to us—striking
a fatal blow at all the great interests of our coun-
try, and overwhelming, in one common ruin, the
employer and the employed.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
MESSAGE
OF THE PRESIDENT OP THE UNITED STATES,
III answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
seiitatives of the 15th instant, concerning instruc-
tions to our officers in California and the Pacific,
fyc.
To the Mouse of Representatives !
of the United States- 1
In compliance with the request contained in the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
15th instant, I communicate herewith reports from
; the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Na-
i vy, with the documents which accompany them.
! These documents contain all the " orders or in-
structions" to any military, naval, or other officer
of the Government, " in relation to the establish-
' mejit or organization of civil government in any
' part of the territory of Mexico, which has or
1 might be taken possession of by the army ftr navy
' of the United States."
These orders and instructions were given to
regulate the exercise of the rights of a belligerant,
engaged in actual war, over such portions of the
territory of our enemy as, by military conquest,
might be " taken possession of," and be occupied
by, our armed forces—rights necessarily resulting
from a state of war, and clearly recognised by the
laws of nations. This was all the authority which
could be delegated to our military and naval com-
manders, and its exercise was indispensable to the
secure occupation and possession of territory of
the enemy which might he conquered. The regu-
lations authorized were temporary, and dependent
on the rights acquired by conquest. They were
authorized as belligerant rights, and were to be
carried into effect by military or naval officers.
They were but the amelioration of martial law,
which modern civilization requires, and were due
i as well to the security of the conquest as to the
1 inhabitants of the conquered territory.
' The documents communicated also contain the
reports of several highly meritorious officers of
our army and navy, who have conquered and taken
possession of portions of the enemy's territory.
Among the documents accompanying the report
of the Secretary of War will be found a "form of
government" " established and organized" by the
* The law requiring returns to lw made of emigrants to
the United States, was passed in March, 1819. Tiiese re-
turns, however, are very imperfect. The first report was
made in 1823, during which year, 8,463 landed at various
ports in the United States.
In 1833   59>3l3
   
  no return.
In 1846, at the single port of New York, from March 1st,
to July 1st, 65,772. These tacts require no comment.
military commander who conquered ami occupied
with "his forces the territory of New Mexico. This
document was received at the War Department, in
the latter part of the last month, and (as will be
perceived by the report of the Secretary of War)
was not, for the reasons stated by that officer,
brought to my notice until after my annual mes-
sage of the 8th instant was communicated to Con-
It is declared on its face to be a " temporary-
government of the said territory;" but there are
portions of it which purport to " establish aBd or-
ganize" a permanent territorial government of the
United States over the territory, and to impart to
its inhabitants political rights which, under the
Constitution of the United States, can be enjoyed
permanently only by citizens of the United States.
These have not been " approved and recognised"
by me. Such organized regulations as have been
established in any of the conquered territories for
the security of our conquest, for the preservation
of order, for the protection of the rights of the in-
habitants, and for depriving the enemy of the ad-
vantages of these territories while tlie military
possession of them by the forces of the United
States continue, will be recognised and approved.
It will be apparent, from the reports of the offi-
cers who have been required by the success which
has crowned their arms to exercise the powers of
temporary government over the conquered territo-
ries, that if any excess of power has been exer-
cised, the departure has been the offspring-of a pa-
triotic desire to give to the inhabitants the privileges
and immunities so cherished by the people of our
own country, and which they believed calculated
to improve their condition and promote their pros-
perity. Any such excess has resulted in no prac-
tical injury, but can and will be early corrected in
a manner to alienate as little as possible the good
feelings of the inhabitants of the conquered terri-
tory. JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, Dec. 22, 1846.
War Department, December 2], 1846.
Sir: In compliance with your request to be fur-
nished with all the information in the War Depart-
ment in regard to the objects of inquiry embraced
in the resolutions of the House of Representatives
of the 15th instant, I have the honor to report that
the accompanying papers (numbered from one to
twenty-four) contain all the orders and instructions
which have issued from this department to any
officer of«the army " in relation to the establish-
' ment or organization of civil government in any
' portion of the territory of Mexico which has been
' or might be taken possession of by the army-or
' navy of the United States." They also furnish all
the information in this department m relation to any
form of government which any such officer has
established or organized, and also in relation to
any approval or recognition of such government.
As the information called for by the resolution df
the House of Representatives is contained in va-
rious despatches which relate principally to mili-
tary operations, I have preferred, in most instances,
to give the whole document, though parts of it
have little or no direct relation to the matters em-
braced in that resolution. What is omitted does
not relate to any branch of the inquiry, but chiefly
to the plans of the campaign and contemplated
military movements, which it would not be proper
to make public.
You will perceive that* I stated in my letter of
the 3d of June last to General Kearny, that a
proclamation in the Spanish language would be
furnished to him for the purpose of being distrib-
uted among the Mexican people. A few copies of
the proclamation, prepared for General Taylor,
were sent to General Kearny; but, owing to the
different circumstances in which the two Generals
might be placed, it was afterwards deemed proper
to instruct General Kearny not to use them, and I
am not aware thathe did so in any instance. My
letter to him on this subject, dated the 6th of June,
is one of the papers herewith transmitted.
Among the accompanying documents you will
find two proclamations issued by General Kearny,
but neither the form nor substance of them was
furnished from this department.
In relation to the annexed paper, (No. 24,) called
the " Organic law of the Territory of New-Mexi-
co," it is proper that I should- state that it was
