46
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Dec. 22,
29th 'Cong 2d Sess.
Public Documents.
Ho. or Reps.
' -You will henceforth exercise all the rights that
belong to you as commander-in-chief of a belliger-
ent squadron. .
You will consider the most important public, ob-
ject to be, to take and to hold possession of San
Francisco; and this you will do without fail.
You will also take possession of Mazatlan and
of Monterey, one or both, as your force will per-
mit. . ,
If information received here is correct, you can
establish friendly relations between your squadron
and the inhabitants of each of these three places.
Guymas is also a good harbor, and is believed
to be defenceless. You will judge about attempt-
Wlien you cannot take and hold possession of a
town, you may establish a blockade, if you have
the means to do it effectually, and the public in-
terest shall require it. '
With the expression of these views, much is
left to your discretion as to the selection of the
points of attack, the ports you will seize, the ports
which you will blockade, and as to the order of
your successive movements.
A connexion between California, and even So-
nora, and the present Government of Mexico, is
supposed scarcely to exist. You will, as oppor-
tunity offers, conciliate the confidence of the people
in California, and also in Sonora, towards the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates; and you will en-
deavor to render their relations with the United
States as intimate and as friendly as possible.
It is important that you should hold possession,
at least, of San Francisco, even while you encour-
age the people to neutrality, self-government, and
friendship.
You can readily conduct yourself in such a man-
ner as will render your occupation of San Francis-
co and other ports a benefit to the inhabitants.
Commodore Biddle has left, or will soon leave,
China. If occasion offers, you will send letters
for him to our agent at the Sandwich Islands;
conveying to him the wish of the department that
he should appear, at once, off California or Sonora.
You will inform the department, by the earliest
opportunity, of those ports which you blockade.
You will notify neutrals of any declaration of
blockade you may make, and give to it all proper
publicity. Your blockade must be strict, permit-
ting only armed vessels of neutral Powers to enter;
but"to neutrals already in ihe ports, you will allow
twenty days to leave them.
The frigate " Potomac," and sloop " Saratoga,"
have been ordered to proceed as soon as possible
into the Pacific; and Captain Aulick in the Poto-
mac, and Commander Shubnck in the Saratoga,
directed to report to you at Mazatlin, or wherever
else they may find your forces. You will do well,
if occasion oilers, to send orders to Callao and Val-
paraiso, instructing them where to meet you.
Other reinforcements will be sent you as the
exigencies of the service may require.
You will communicate with the department as
often as you can, and you will, if practicable, send
a messenger with despatches across the country to
the Del Norte, and so to Washington.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE BANCROFT.
Commodore John D. Si.oat,
Commanding U. S. naval forces in the Pacific.
United States Navy Department,
Washington, June 8, 1846.
Commodore: You have already been instructed,
and are now instructed, to employ the force under
your command, first, to take possession of San
Francisco; next, to take possession of Monterey;
next, to take possession of such other Mexican
ports as you may be able to hold; next, to blockade
as many of the Mexican ports in the Pacific as
your force will permit, and to watch over Ameri-
can interests, and citizens, and commerce, on the
west coast of Mexico.
It is rumored that the province of California is
well disposed to accede to friendly relations*with
the-United States. You will encourage the people
of that region to enter into relations of amity with
our country.
In taking possession of their harbors, you will,
if possible, endeavor to establish the supremacy
of the American flag without any strife with the
people of California.
The squadron on the east coast of Mexico, it is
believed, is in the most friendly relations with
Yucatan. In like manner, if California separates
herself from our enemy, the central MexicanArov-
ernment, and establishes a government of its own,
under the auspices of the American flag, you will
take such measures as will best promote the attach-
ment of the people of California to the united
States, will advance their prosperity, and will maJce
, that vast region a desirable place of residence for
i emigrants from our soil.
Considering the great distance at which you are
| of, and keep, the harbors on the Gulf of Califor-
| nia, as far down.at least as Guymas. But this is
not to interfere with the permanent occupation of
Upper California.
A regiment of volunteers from the State of New
York, ta serve during the war, have been called
for by the Government, and are expected to sail
from the 1st to the 10th of August. This regiment
will, in the first instance, report to the naval com-
mander on your station, but will ultimately be
under the command of General Kearny, who is
appointed to conduct the expedition by land.
' The term of three years having nearly expired
placed from the department, and the circumstances .
that will constantly arise, much must be left to i since you have been m command of the Pacific
your discretion. You jvill bear in mind, general- |j squadron, Commodore Shubnck will soon be sent
ly, that this country desires to find in California a j
friend, and not an enemy; to be connected with it,
by near ties; to hold possession ofit, at least during j
the war; and to hold that possession, if possible, j
with the eonsent of its inhabitants. (
The sloop-of-war " Dale," Commander Mc- |
Kean, sailed from New York on the 3d instant, to j
join your squadron. The "Lexington," Lieu-,
tenant Bailey, will sail as soon as she can take on
board her stores. The "Potomac" and " Sarato-
ga", have also been ordered to the Pacific.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
j vant, GEORGE BANCROFT.
Com. John D. Sloat,
Com'g XJ. S. naval forces in the Pacific ocean.
out in the Independence to relieve you. The de-
partment confidently hopes that all Upper Califor-
nia will be in our hands before the relief shall
arrive. Very respectfully,
GEORGE BANCROFT.
Commodore John D. Si.oat,
Com. U. S. naval forces in the Pacific ocean.
United States Navy Department,
Washington, July 12, 184(k
Commodore : Previous instructions have in-
formed you of tlie intention of this Government,
pending the war with Mexico, to take and hold
possession of California. For this end, a compa-
ny of artillery, with cannon, mortars, and muni-
tions of war, is sent to you in the Lexington, for
the purpose of cooperating with you, according to
the best of your judgment, and of occupying un-
der your direction such post or posts as you may
deem expedient in the Bay of Monterey, or ill the
Bay of San Francisco, or in both. In the absence
of a military officer higher than captain, the selec-
tion of the first American post or posts on the wa-
ters of the Pacific in California, is left to your dis-
cretion.
The object of the United States is, under its
rights as a belligerent nation, to possess itself en-
tirely of Upper California.
When San Francisco and Monterey are secu-
red, you will, if possible, send a small vessel of
war to take and hold possession of the port of San
Diego; and it would be well to ascertain the views
of tiie inhabitants of Pueblo de los Angeles, who,
according to information received here, may be
counted upon as desirous of coming under the ju-
risdiction of the United States. If you can take
possession of it, you should do so.
The object of the United States has reference to
ultimate peace with Mexico; and if, at that peace,
the basis of the uti possidetis shall he established,
theGovcrnmentexpects, through your forces, to be
found in actual possession of Upper California.
This will bring with it the necessity of a civil
administration. Such a government should be es-
tablished under your protection; and in selecting
persons to hold office, due respect should be had
to the wishes of the people of California, as well
as to the actual possessors of authority in that
province. It may be proper to require an oath of
allegiance to the United States from those who are
intrusted with authority. You will also assure the
people of California of the protection of the United
States. _ ...
In reference to commercial regulations m the
poits of which you are in actual possession, ships
and produce of the United States should come and
go free of duty.
For your further instruction, I enclose to you a
copy of confidential instructions from the War
Department to Brigadier General S. W. Kearny,
who is ordered overland to California. You will
also communicate your instructions to him, and
inform him that they have the sanction of the
President.
The Government relies on the land and naval
forces to cooperate with each other in the most
friendly and effective manner.
After you shall- have secured Upper California,
if your foree is sufficient, you will take possession
I [Confidential.]
j United States Navy Department,
! Washington, November 5, 1846.
! Commodore: Commodore Sloat has arrived in
j this city, and delivered your letter of the 28th July
| ultimo, with the copy of your address to the peo-
ple of California, which accompanied it. The de-
partment is gratified that you joined the squadron
before the state of the Commodore's health ren-
dered it necessary for him to relinquish hi? im-
| portant command.
The difficulties and embarrassments of the com-
mand, without a knowledge of the proceedings of
Congress on the subject of the war with Mexico,
and in the absence of the instructions of the depart-
ment, which followed those proceedings, are justly
appreciated; and it is highly gratifying that so
much has been done in anticipation of the orders
which have been transmitted.
You will, without doubt, have received the de-
spatches of the 15th of May last, addressed to
Commodore Sloat; and I now send you, for your
guidance, a copy of instructions to Commodore
Shubrick of the 17th August. He sailed early in
September, in the razee Independence, with orders
to joiu the squadron with the least possible delay.
On his assuming the command, you may hoist a
red pendant. If you prefer, you may hoist your
pendant on the Savannah, and return home ^vith
her and the Warren.
The existing war with Mexico has been com-
menced by her. Every disposition was felt and
manifested by the United States Government to
procure redress for the injuries of which we com-
plained, and to settle all complaints on her part, in
the spirit of peace and of justice which has ever
characterized our intercourse with foreign nations.
That disposition still exists; and whenever the
.authorities of Mexico shall manifest a willingness
to adjust unsettled points of controversy between
the two republics, and to restore an honorable
peace, they will be met in a corresponding spirit.
This consummation is not to be expected, nor
is our national honor to be maintained, without
a vigorous prosecution of the war on our part.
Without being animated by any ambitious spirit
of conquest, our naval and military forces must
hold the ports and territory of the enemy, of
which possession has been obtained by their arms.
You will, therefore, under no circumstances, vol-
untarily lower the flag of the United States, or
relinquish the actual possession of Upper Califor-
nia. Of other points of the Mexican territory,
which the forces under your command may occu-
py, you will maintain the possession or withdraw,
as in your judgment will be most advantageous
in the prosecution of the war.
In regard to your intercourse with the inhabit-
ants of the country, your views are judicious, and
you will conform .to the instructions heretofore
given. You will exercise the rights of a belliger-
ent; and if you find that the liberal policy of our
Government, in purchasing and paying for required
supplies, is misunderstood, and its exercise is in-
jurious to .the public interest, you are at liberty to
take them from the enemy without compensation,
or pay such prices as may be deemed just and
reasonable. The best policy in this respect de-
