1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m
29th Cong...„2d Sess.
The Mexican War—-Mr.
Giddings.
Ho. of- Reps.
pends 011 a knowledge of circumstances in which
you are placed, and is left to your discretion.
The Secretary of War has ordered Colonel R.
B. Mason, 1st United States dragoons, to proceed
to California, via Panama, who will command the
troops and conduct the military operations in the
Mexican territory bordering on the Pacific, in the
absence of Brigadier General Kearny. The com-
mander of the naval forces will consult and co-
operate with him in his command, to the same
extent as if he held a higher rank in the army.
In all questions of relative rank, he is to be re-
garded as having only the rank of colonel.
The President has'deemed it best for the public
interest to invest the military officer commanding
with the direction of the operations on land, and
with the administrative functions of government
over the people and territory occupied by us. You
will relinquish to Colonel Mason, or to General
Kearny, if the latter shall arrive before you have
done so, the entire control over these matters, and
turn over to liim all papers necessary to the per-
formance of his duties. If officers of the navy
are employed in the performance of civil or mili-
tary duties, you will withdraw or continue them
at your discretion, taking care to put them to their
appropriate duty in the squadron, if the army
officer commanding does not wish their services on
land.
The establishment of port regulations is a sub-
ject over which it is deemed by the President most
appropriate that the naval commander shall exer-
•cise jurisdiction. You will establish these, and
communicate them to the military commander,
who will carry them into effect so far as his cooper-
ation may be necessary, suggesting for your con-
sideration modifications or alterations.
The regulation of the import trade is also con-
fided to you. The conditions under which vessels
of our own citizens and of neutrals may be admit-
ted into ports of the enemy in your possession,
will be prescribed by you, subject to the instruc-
tions heretofore given. To aid you, copies of in-
structions to the collectors in the United States,
from the Treasury Department, on the same sub-
ject, are enclosed. On cargoes of neutrals import-
ed into such ports, you may impose moderate du-
ties, not greater in amount than those collected in
the,ports of the United States. The collection of
these duties will be made by civil officers, to be
appointed, and subject to the same rules as other
persons charged with civil duties in the country.
These appointments will be made by the military
officers 111 consultation with you. *
The President directs me to impress most earn-
estly on the naval officers, as it is impressed on
those of the army, the importance of harmony in
the performance of their delicate duties, while co-
operating. They are arms of one body, and will,
-1 doubt not, vie with each other in showing which
can render the most efficient aid to the other in the
execution of common orders, and in sustaining the
national honor, which is confided to both.
You will make your communications to the de-
partment as frequent as possible.
The great distance at which your command is
placed, and the impossibility of maintaining a fre-
quent or regular communication with you, neces-
sarily induce the department to leave mu'ch of the
details of your operations to your discretion. The
confident belief is entertained, that, with the gen-
eral outline given in the instructions, you will pur-
sue a course which will make the enemy sensible
of our power to inflict on them the evils of war,
while it will secure to the United States, if a defini-
tive treaty of peace shall give us California, a popu-
lation impressed with our justice,- grateful for our
clemency, and prepared to love our institutions,
and honor our flag.
On your being relieved in the command of the
squadron, you will hand your instructions to the
officer relieving you.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN Y. MASON.
Com. R. P. Stockton,
Commanding U. S. naval forces on the
west coast of Mexico.
Navy Department, August 17,1846.
Commodore: The'United States being in a state
of war by-the action of Mexico, it is desired, by
'the prcssecution uf hostilities, to hasten the return
of peace, and to secure it on advantageous condi-
tions. For this purpose, orders have been given
to the squadron in the Pacific to take and keep pos-
session of Upper California, especially of the ports
of San tVancisco, of Monterey, and San Diego;
and also, if opportunity offer, and the people favor,
to take possession, by an inland expedition, of
Pueblo de los Angeles, near San Diego.
On reaching the Pacific, your first duty will be
to ascertain if these orders have been carried into
effect. If not, you will take immediate possession
of Upper California, especially of the three ports
of San Francisco, Monterey, and San Diego; so
that, if the treaty of peace shall be made on the
basis of the uli possidetis, it may leave California
to the United States.
The relations to be maintained with the people
of Upper California are to be as friendly as possi-
ble. The flag of the United States must be raised,
but under it the people are to be allowed as much
liberty of self-government as is consistent with the
general occupation of the country by the United
States. You, as commander-in-chief of the squad-
ron, may exercise the right to interdict the en-
trance of any vessel 01- ai tides that would be unfa-
vorable to our success in the war, into any of the
enemy's ports which you may occupy. With
this exception, all United States vessels and mer-
chandise must be allowed by the local authorities
of the ports of which you take possession, to come
and go free of duty; but on foreign vessels and
goods, reasonable duties may be imposed, collect-
ed, and disposed Of by the local authorities, under
your general superintendence.
A military force has been directed by the Secre-
tary of War to proceed to the western coast of
California, for the purpose of cooperation with the
navy in taking possession of, and holding, the
ports and positions which have been specified, and
for otherwise operating against Mexico.
A detachment of these troops, consisting of a
company of artillery, under command of Captain
Tompkins, has sailed in the United States ship
Lexington. A regiment of volunteers, under Colo-
nel Stevenson, will soon sail from New York; and
a body of troops,under Brigadier General Kearny,
may reach the coast over Santa Fe. Copies of so
much of the instructions t(? Captain Tompkins
and General Kearny as relate to objects requiring
cooperation, are herewith enclosed.
By article 6, of the General Regulations of the
Army, edition of 1825, "which is held by the War
Department to be still in force, and of which I
enclose you a copy, your commission places you,
in point of precedence, on occasions of ceremony,
or upon meetings for consultation, in the class of
major-general; but no officer of the army or navy,
■whatever may be his rank, can assume any direct
command, independent of consent, over an officer
of the other service, excepting only when land
forces are especially embarked in vessels-of-war to
do the duty of marines.
The President expects and requires, however,
the most cordial and effectual cooperation between
the officers of the two services, 111 taking posses-
sion of, and holding, the ports and positions of the
enemy which are'designated in the instructions to
either or both btaiches of the service, and will
hold any commander of either branch to a strict
responsibility for any failure to preserve harmony
and secure the objects proposed.
The land forces which have been, or will be,
sent to the Pacific, may be dependent upon the
vessels of your squadron <br transportation from
one point to another, and for shelter and protec-
tion in case of being compelled to abandon posi-
tions on the coast. It may be necessary also to
furnish transportation for their supplies, or to fur-
nish the supplies themselves, by the vessels under
your direction.
In all such cases, you will furnish all the assist-
ance in your power, which will not interfere with
objects that in your opinion are of greater import-
ance.
You will (taking care, however, to advise with
any land officer of high rank—say, of the rank of
brigadier general, who may be at hand) make the
necessary regulations for the posts that may be
occupied,
Having provided for the full possession of Upper
California, the next point of importance is the
Gulf of California. From the best judgment I
can form, you should take possession of the port
of Guymas. The progress of our arms-will iprob-
ably be such, that, in conjunction with' Jand
forces, you will be able to hold possession of Guy-
mas, and so to reduce all the country north of it
on the gulf.
As to the ports south of it, especially. Mazatlan
and Acapulco, it is not possible to give you speciai
instructions. Generally, you will take possession
of, or blockade, according to your best judgment,
all Mexican ports, as far as your means allow;
but south of Gnymas, if the provinces rise up
against the central government, and manifest
friendship toward the United States, you may, ac-
cording to your discretion, .enter into a temporary
agreement of neutrality. But this must be done
only on condition that our ships have free access
to their ports, and equal commercial rights with
those of other nations; that you are allowed to
take in water and fuel; to purchase supplies; to go
to and from shore without obstruction, as in time
of peace; and that the provinces which are thus
neutral shall absolutely abstain from contributing
towards the continuance of the war by the central
government of Mexico against the United States.
Generally, you will exercise the rights of a bel-
ligerant, and bear in mind that the greater advan-
tages you obtain, the more speedy and the more
advantageous will be the peace.
Should Commodore Biddle be in the Pacific, off
the shores of Mexico, at the time you arrive there, '
you will report yourself to him; and, as long as
he remains off the coast of Mexico, you will act
under his direction, in concert with him, commu-
nicating to him these instructions.
The Savannah, the Warren, and the Levant,
ought soon to return. If you hear of peace be-
tween the United States and Mexico, you will at
once send them home.
If war continues, you will send them home
singly or in company, at the earliest day they can
be spared. The Savannah will go to New York,
and the Warren and Levant to Norfolk.
Very respectfully, yours,
GEORGE BANCROFT.
Com. W. B. Shubkick,
Appointed to command the U. S.
naval forces in the Pacific Ocean.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. J. E. GIDDIM2S,
of ohio,
Iw the House op Representatives,
December 15,1846.
On the Resolution to refer so much of the Presi-
dent's Message as relates to the Mexican war,
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GTDDINGS said he would avail himself of
this opportunity to say a few words in relation to
that portion of the message which is now under
consideration.
When we wet in this Hall (said he) in Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-four, our coimtry
was at peace with the whole world. Our agricul-
tural, our manufacturing, and our commercial in-
terests, were in a state of unusual prosperity. The
circulating medium of the nation was actively em-
ployed in the legitimate business of the country.
Industry, in all its departments, yielded to tne
laborer a satisfactory compensation; and prosper-
ity and contentment prevailed throughout tne land.
Unfortunately, an inordinate desire fbr territorial
aggrandisement had seized upon one of our great
political parties. It was opposed by the other with
much zeal and ability. They foretold this-war as
a consequence of the annexation of Texas, and
pointed out the present circumstances of our coun-
try with almost as much precision as the pen of
the historian can now record them. These pre-
dictions, however, were disregarded; ai*i in the
short space of two years we find ourselves involved
in a bloody and expensive war, with a large na-
tional debt already accumulated, and by the mes-
sage before us proposed to be increased more than
twenty million doilars.at the present session. That
debt is to rest like an incubus upon us and upon
out children in coming years.
Sir, we have been Hurried from a state of peace-
