1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Giddmo-s,
New Series No. 4.
merely a personal undertaking of his own. He
did not profess to act for the Mexican peopie, or
for the Government of Mexico. In consideration
that he should be liberated, and sent to Mexico in
a Government ship, he undertook to use his in-
fluence with his G-OFemment to obtain an acknow-
ledgment of the independence of Texas, with the
Rio Grande as its boundary. The compact was
never observed by Texas herself. General Lamar,
her President, declared it voiiL, and no individual
of either of those Governments, so far as I am in-
formed, ever regarded it as in any respect bind-
ing upon Mexico. But it is now seized upon by
the President, and, by a course of sophistical rea-
soning, used to give color to the claim of Texas
over the country east of the Rio Grande.
It is clear to the view of every man, that Texas
must have acquired her title (if she had any) to the
territory, in the valley of the Rio Grande, either
by treaty or by conquest. She had 110 other mode
■of obtaining it. Neither the President nor his
friends dare come to the point and assert that
Texas ever held it, or even claimed it by treaty or
by conquest. Yet the President, in this message,
attempts to show, by circumlocution and sophis-
try, what he dare not assert m direct tern^.
Thus, he goes on to say:
"By the constitution which Texas adopted in M.ucli,
1838. scnatoii.i) and lepre^entative districts were organized,
■extending \ve>i of the Nueces."
True* her senatorial and representative districts
did extend " west of the Nueces ^ so far as to include
the settlements situated on its banks and in the
valley of that stream. But did he intend to have
the American people understand that they extend-
ed across the desert to the Rio Giande? If so, he
must have intended to deceive them by making
them believe what he dare not assert. He says
further:
" Tito Con^ro^s of Teva*, on tlic 13th of December, 1P36,
passed <an act to define the bmuidancs of the icpubhcof
Texas,' in which they declared the Rio Grande, Irom if
mouth to it? 5-oiih p, to he theii boundary, ami by the >aid
act they extended their {civii and politic.*! j:iri->.i7iot otiover
the country up to that houndaiy."'
Yes, they declared " the Rio Grande from its
mouth to its source their boundary;'3 the Mexican
post and custom-house at Brazos Santu<go, and all
ihe Mexican settlements, towns, and villages, on
the east side of that river, with the city of " Santa
f^e," a]], on paper, were declared to lie within the
republic of Texas, And the Piesident adds, 16 mid
by said act" they extended their civil and political
jurisdiction over the country up to that boundary.
It was done "by said act,'1 and not otherwise. It j
was not done by treaty, nor by force of arms. It !
was printed on paper, and that was the only mode
in which Texas ever extended her jurisdiction
over the Mexicans in the valley of the Rio Grande.
She never sent an officer west of the desert to serve
process, or to collect taxes, or to execute Texan
laws.. When she sent her troops there for the i
purposes of conquest, every man was killed or 1
captured, or driven back across the desert. Yet,
the Executive evidently intended that the people
should understand from this sophistry, that the
Rio Grande was really the western boundary of;
Texas, and that she had asserted and actually ,
maintained her jurisdiction over the people living :!
in the valley of that stream. Fie dared not make i
such an assertion 111 plain and direct language. No '
friend of his on this floor has ever dared, or ever
will dare, to make such an assertion. It would ;
rum the character of any man for veracity who 1
fchouid hazard such a declaration. Yet we see ,
such undignified sophistication sent forth to the
people by the Executive of the nation to induce
them to believe what he dare not declare. But we !;
have sail more argument of the same character. '
He says: j,
" During a period of more than nine years, which inter- !
vened between the adoption of her constitution and her I
annexation a* one of the States of our Union, Texas as- ;
serted <md ex-preyed many act«s of sovereignty and jurisdn* '
tion over the teiritorj and inhabitants* west of the Nueces.''1
Yes, she served process and collected taxes on i;
the west hank of the Nueces. Perhaps she punished ij
crimes committed there by people who acknowl- ;;
edged her jurisdiction. But no such act was done |!
within a hundred miles of the Mexicans in the i:
valley of the Rio Grande. !l
Among them, property was protected, crimes }
punished, and the people governed by Mexican ■ 
4
laws; and such had been the case, not nreiely for
nine years, but from the first existence of theiMexi-
can Government without interruption. But the
President continues:
" She oifMiu/.ed ami defined the limits of countie.-. cxtend-
i«ir t-o the Uio Giande. She I'Ftubhslied em.iit- f*r in tieo,
and extended her judicial system ovei the tenitoiy.''
j It is true, that on paper she defined the Rio
j Grande as the limits of her counties. But did she
i ever maintain her jurisdiction ? Did she enforce
j her laws ill the \a!ley of that liver? Did she in-
dict, arraign, or punish, those who shot down her
[ troops when sent there > Did any Mexican ever
! take the oath of allegiance to Texas' Did any
I Texan officer ever venture to arrest a man in tiiat
; valley, or even to go there? Her judicul system
was extended over that territory on pape:', but not J
by Texan arms. He adds: j
" Slie est,iblished a onsiom-limm*, .uid eolleeted duties, 1
and also po.-t oflices and post roads in it.J' !
I remarked some time since that Texas had es- j
tablished a custom-hou^e at "Corpus Christi/'on j
■ the west bank of the Nueces. That is conclusive \
: evidence that she held aetual possession of that \
part of the country. And so is the maintenance of a I
custom-house by the Mexicans at " Point Isabel," ;
and another at Taos, east of ISanta Fe, conclusive 1
evidencethatMexico held possession of those parts |
of the country. And if Mexico, m a time of peace, j
had sent troops, and taken possession of the cus- i
, tom-house at Coipus Chi isti, it would have been a i
j hostile act. It would have been an act of war. So, j
on the other hand, for the President to send a mili- !
; tary force to take possession of the custom-house
! at "PointIsabel" was a hostile act. Jtconstituted
• actual war.
! The President goes on with the same specious
misrepresentations of facts to say, that "Texas!
: made grants of land west of the Nueces;" that ,
, " a Senator and Representative m the Texan Con- :
, gresi lesided west of the Nueces," *&<•. To all j
which I will only an.swer, that so tor as they rep- I
resent the jurisdiction of Texas to h<\\e extended ;
over the people m the valley of the Nucces, and 1
, east of the desert, they mny be true. But if un- ■
doi stood as saying that Texas ever exorcised actual .
1 jurisdiction over any portion of the people west of
, the desert, in the valley of the Rio Giande, then .
are they unfounded arid untrue. Sir, I repeat that :
! Texas could have obtained title to the country m ;
, the valley of the Rio Grande only by hcaty or by j
conquest. It being occupied by Mexican settle- 1
ments, there jicver was and never will be any other [
mode in which Texas or the United States can ob- f
tain title to it. No man pretends that Texas ever i
held or claimed it by treaty. \
It thciefore follows, that she must have held it i
by conquest, or she had no title to it whatever, i
The President dared not say, in definite language, s
that Texas had conqueted it. The historical in-j
formation of the country would instantly have de- j
clured such an assertion untrue. No friend of the |
President in this Hall will (hue hazard his leputa- j
tion for truth by putting forth such a declaration. !
They will rely upon sophistry, upon specious cir- !
eumlocution, and misrepresentation. They can- |
not be brought to any definite point. They will
rely upon the popular credulity, and not upon the
intelligence of the people. Time must demonstrate
the success or failure of the experiment. It is an
old saying-, that " Truth is always consistent with |
itself." And we may, with equal propriety, say, j
that Falsehood is always opposed to Truth. So i
with this message; its important points aie m direct !
conflict. We are all aware that " Santa Fc," the j
capital of New Mexico., Ls some thiity miles east ,
of the Rio Giande. Now, if the pretences of :
the President be true, that Texas is hounded on •
that river, "from its mouth. 10 Us sourcethe city i
of " Santa Fe" is withm the jurisdiction of Texas, 1
governed and controlled by Texan laws. But the ;
President, m the latter part of the message, while i
speaking of the army, and desiring to blazon foith j
the glory of our conquests, says: j
'•The privations of Ions maiciies through the enemy's ;
country, and through a s\ itdernesf, have ito-cit born** w nhout j
a it.umms B.v rapid movement*tlieprovince nfNpiv Me.vi- |
co, with fc*anta its capital, has been captured without i
bloodshed." ' I
Thus, after a long and tedious argument to con- ■
vince us that Texas is, in truth, bounded by the
Ilio Grande ; that she had extended her jurisdic-
tion to that river; that her laws were in force over
the whole territory east of it, he comes out, and
distinctly admits that the department of "New
Mexico" extends far on this side of that river;
that "Santa Fe," situated thirty miles east of it,
is, m truth, the capita/ of one of the Mexican States;
and, of couise, that it is not, and never was, in-
cluded withm the bounds of Texas. Instead of
submitting to Texan laws, lie declares it to have
been "conquered by our mmy." And he informs us
that the commander of our army there has estab-
lished a civil government over the people of that
State. Now, these two portions of the message
are in direct conflict with each other. They can-
not both be true. One of them must, of necessity,
be entirely unfounded. .And I would solemnly
ask, which are thepeopt-e to receive, as true, and which
ate they to discard as untrue ? For the purpose of
justifying himself in sending our troops to the
"Rio Grande," and commencing hostilities there,
he declares "Santa Fe" to be in Texas. But, in.
order to show the conquests of our army, he de-
clares it to be the capital of one of the departments
of Mexico. Now, a contradiction so palpable, and
at the same time so important, would have done no
credit to the meiest tyro of a county court. Still,
here it is, in the presidential message, sent forth to
the people, and to the world. My colleague [Mr.
Schenck] the othei day extorted from a distin-
guished friend of the President on this floor the
admission, that he never believed that Texas in-
cluded "Santa Fe." The admission concedes the
fallacy of the whole argument of the President in
regard to the boundary of Texas. [Mr. Pills-
iu-ry, of Texas, said he had made no such admis-
sion.] Mr. G. replied: I did not allude to the
member from Texas. I referred to the gentleman
on his light, fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.] But
I will now inquire of the member from Texas
whether "Santa Fe" be in truth the capital of
"New Mexico,as asserted in the latter paitof
die message? Oris it in the boundaries of Texas,
as asserted in the fore part of that document? Sir,
on which horn of the dilemma will the gentleman
, place the President? If the gentleman from Texas
; refuses to answer my interrogatory, I call on any
; personal or political fiiend of the Executive to
: answer this plain and simple question. If any
; member will do me and the country the favor to
j answer it, I will gladly yield the floor for that
j pur|K>se; and I now pause for a replj'.
I [Here Mr. G. having paused for some time, and
j no member rising, resumed:]
Mr. Chairman: The President has many able
and warm friends on this floor; but no one steps
forth to extricate him from this attitude in which
he has placed himself. Sir, "out of his own mouth
is he condemned." He has himself placed the evi-
dence of his misrepresentation on the records of
the nation. It will go into the archives of the Gov-
ernment, and will descend to posterity, a perpetual
proof of the weakness and wickedncss of this Ad-
ministration. It is a humiliating duty thus to
expose the uncandid arguments and assertions of
the Executive; but a due regard to the cause of
tiuth, devotion to the principles of immutable jus-
tice, demand a faithful examination of this very
extraoidmaiy document; and I only regret that the
duty has not fallen upon one more able to do it
justice.
Before I leave this pari of the subject 1 wish to
say, that this admission of the Piesident, that
"New Mexico" extends this side of the Rio
Grande according to its formerhmils, is a surren-
der of the whole argument thatrIVxus is bounded
by that river. The President defines the bounda-
ry to be " the Rio Grande from Us mutith to Us
source." But, by admitting that "New Mexico'*
still includes "Santa Fe," he admits that the line
of Texas extends no farther west than she has
carried her conquests and maintained and enforced
her laws. That is the collect rule of international
law, and it applies to Tamaulipas as well as to
New Mexico—to "Brazos Santiago" as well as
to " Santa Fe." The President admits, indeed be
says expressly, that our army has conquered " San-
ta Fe." He says so, for the reason that Mexican
laws ever had been and continued to be in force
there, and Mexican officers commanded them up
to the time that our troops arrived and took con-
trol of the country. Such was precisely the state
of facts in relation to "Rrasos Santiago," at "Fort
