50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. H
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Gid dings.
Ho. of Reps.
Brown," and through the whole valley of the
"Rio Grande." The custom-house at "Point,
Isabel" was in the care and under the control of j
Mexican officers, and had been fiom the day of its !
establishment; and the people there were govern- ,
ed by Mexican laws, and yielded obedience to the i
Mexican Government, up to the time of General
Taylor's arrival, precisely as they did at "Santa
Fe," up to the arrival of Genera) Kearny. "Point
Isabel," and that portion of the State of Tamau- ;
lipas which lies between the Rio Grande and the ,
desert, was captured by Genera! Tayloi, precisely •
as New Mexico and "Santa Ftp were captured
by General Kearny. The only distinction in the
two cases is, that one was invaded ami captured in
a time of peace, and the other in a time of war.
Another feature of this message is the general
representation that this toar is defensive on our
part.• But here again the President has lecourse i
to vague sophistry. He does not inform us what i
portion of our territory was invaded, or threatened '
with invasion. Who, sir, of all the people of these j
United States ever dreamed themselves in danger j
of Mexican violence? Why, sir, in a time of pro- ;
found peace, our army, by order of the President, ;
left Corpus Christi, and, crossing the desert, pro- ,
ceeded more than a hundred miles beyond the
farthest limits of Texas and of Texan laws, and
entering upon territory, which had ever been in the
possession of Mexico, they scr/ed upon the cus-
tom-house at " Point Isabel," blockaded the Rio
Grande, erected a fortification, and mounted can-
non, so as to command Matamoro^, surprised their
military encampment, drove away the men, and
took possession of their horses; and, finally, our
dragoons charged upon their infantry, before the
Mexicans fired a gun. And now the Executive
represents this as a defensive war. Our army has
crossed the Rio Grande, taken Matamoros, Ca-
margo, Monterey, Saltillo, Tabasco, Tampico,
Santa Fe, and the whole of California. We have
penetrated to the very heart of Mexico. We have
stormed their strong fortresses, bombarded their
cities, and involved defenceless women, helpless
children, and decrepid age, in scenes of human
butchery, and now profess that we arc acting in
defence of our own people. What estimate must
the author of this message have placed upon the
intelligence of this body, and of the nation, when
he penned this message? Such absurdities defy
argument.
But the President complains that Mexico Ions;
since stized the property of our citizens, for winch flic if
failed to mate compensation, agreeably to treaty stipu-
lations. Much of the message is occupied m call-
ing the attention of the country to llir.se wrongs.
It is undoubtedly true, that some of our citizens,
residing in Mexico during their revolutions, were
unlawfully deprived of their property. But it is
equally true, that those difficulties were subse-
quently adjusted by treaty, and Mexico agreed to
pay us the amount of loss sustained. The three 1
first instalments were paid according to stipulation; '
but, like our repudiating States, she was unable to 1
meet nil of her pecuniary engagements. Now, all
we have to complain of is, her failure to pay o\er '
the money as she had agreed. The wrongs and
injuries committed upon our people had been ar- ;
ranged. They were meiged in the Treaty of amity
and friendship, by winch all past injuries were :
mutually forgiven. Had Mexico observed the
treaty, we could not have complained; having bro-
ken it, our complaint, and only legitimatc'com-
plaint, is on accoulu of such breach." That lueach '
consists in not paying the money at the time stipu-
lated. For that, we have no more cause of war
than England had against Pennsylvania, or Illinois !
or Arkansas, or Mississippi, for not payino- their
debts. But I deny that the failure of a Govern-
ment to meet its pecuniary obligations is good cause
for shooting her soldiers and butchering her people.
Surely, we should be the last nation in the world ■
to put fonh this doctiiue of the Piesidcnt. But
Mexico was exerting he-self to meet her eno-doe- '
ments, up fo the very time of our commencinghos-
tihties. Not so with some of our repudiating States. ■
They deny ail moral obligations to pay. There is
therefore, more cause for murdering the people of ■
those States, than we have to destroy those of
Mexico.
But, sir, what is the amount of money thus due •
to oui people, for the recovery of which the Presi- '
dent represents this war to have been commenced
and carried on ? I believe it is less than three mil-
lions of dollars. We have already expended more
than thirty millions in this war; and, by thw mes-
sage, we are asked to appropriate twenty more.
This vast expenditure is said to have been made
with a view to extort three millions from Mexico.
But this fifty millions is but a part of the pecuniary
loss which the nation must suffer. The time of
every man engaged in this war is lost, yea, worse
than lost. The amount of injury to our commerce,
and to the business of the countiy. by diveiting
the circulating medium from its legitimate chan-
nels, cannot be estimated. But the whole pecu-
niary damage constitutes but a small portion of our
real loss. The effect which this war is destined
to exert upon the morals of our people, is far more
to bedeploredthan its effect upon property. Again.
Plow can we estimate the anguish and suffering of
our sick and wounded and dying soldiers? How-
shall we compute their agony and despair? Go,
count the graves of those whose lives have been
sacrificed to recover this three million of dollars.
Then number the widows and the orphans, and
ascertain their griefs, their poverty, their disap-
pointed hopes and blighted expectations. Add
these to the whole loss and suffering which this
war has brought upon out land. Then proceed to
Mexico; form a catalogue of the crimes committed
there by our troops, and ascertain the amount of
pecuniary, physical, and mental suffering, inflicted
upon her people. Find the sum total, and com
pare it with the three millions of dollars for which
we arc contooding; strike the balance, and then
judge of the policy and humanity of this war, and
of those who sustain it.
But, sir, the Executive never assigned the non-
payment of this money as a causo of war until
after hostilities were commenced. Our troops had
invaded Mexico. The battles of " Palo Alto*'
; and " Resaca de la Palma" had been fought before
this reason for commencing the war appears to
have been discovered, It did not, therefore, opcr-
, ate to bring on the wai. It was fin after-thought,
subsequently brought forth to justify it. But heie,
; again, the different parts of the message do not
, sustain each other. In the forepart of that docu-
l mem. the author says, " Mexico commenced hostili-
; tics,*' and, in the latter part, he goes into a long
' <u gument to show that we had good causc for com-
mencing the war, and tacitly admits that we did,
hi fact, commence it. But 3 ha\e only time to
, touch upon some of the interesting joints of the
message. I have no opportunity, under this hour
rule, to go into detail.
I have stated the amount of moneys already ex-
pended, and now asked, for carrying on this war.
The President avows his intention to hold the ter-
ntory which we have conquered until Mexico
shall repay us this expenditure. We have waged
an unnecessary and unjust war upon a weak and
defenceless lepublic. Wc ha\c squandered untold
millions in its prosecution; and now the President
expresses his intention to rob Mexico of her ter-
ritory, unless she repays the money we have so
profusely spent. This we all know she can never
do. The avowal, therefore, amounts to a declara-
tion of the President's intention to render it a war
of conquest. Indeed, we have abundant evidence
of such intention.
During the darker ages, and among savage na-
tions, such a war might have been tolerated ;"but it
will surely be condemned by all Chiistuui nations
of the nineteenth century. Such a war is opposed
to the sentiment of the age in which we live. Sir, I
would as soon lend my vote to commence a system
of national robbery or piracy, as I would support a
war commenced for the evident purpose of wrest-
ing from a neighboring Government a portion of
her territory. But how much Mexican territory
does the President think it will require to indem-
nify us for our expenditure r How much land will
he demand for the two thousand American citizens
whose lives have been sacrificed m this war?
Again, sir, is the President and his fiiends con-
scious that the public lands in the slave. States
have never paid the expenses of surveying and
selling them? They have cost us forty millions
of dollars more than we have been able to ^ell thern
tor. Every acre has been an expense to us. Nearly
the entire profits arising from the sale of lands in
the free States has been expended to supply the
expense of those in the slave States. Such will
be the case with those acquired in Mexico. The
more territory we get there the greater will be the
loss. A standing army must be maintained to
hold the people in subjection to our laws. With
the expenses of the lands and maintenance of an
army, burdens will be incurred, that are to sit like
an mcubus upon the nation for coming generations.
And the more territory we get the greater will be
the expense. Under these circumstances, I leave
it for the supporters of this war to determine upon
the amount of territory it will require to satisfy ub
for the money we have paid out for its support.
But, sir, this is an Executive war. It was com-
menced by his orders. He directed our army ler
leave 44 Corpus Christi," to enter the Mexican
settlements, and to take a position upon the " Rio
Grande," without advising with Congress. It was
under his orders that the battles of "Palo Alto"
and " Resaea de la Palma" were fought. The
lamented Ringgold, and those who fell with him
in those sanguinary conflicts, together with those
who bled at Fort Brown, were victims to his unhal-
lowed ambition. For their loss he is responsible
at the bar of public sentiment. Before the people
of this gallon I charge him with their murder.
The imprecations of those who were there rendered
widows, and of those made orphans, and of those
who were there rendered childless, must in coming
time rest on him. And in the day of final retribu-
tion the blood of our slaughtered countrymen will
be required at his hands. In that dread responsi-
bility 1 will take no share. Against this war, in
all its forms, I ever have, and ever shall, put forth
my humble, but my earnest efforts.
A few days since, a political friend of the Presi-
dent, in debate on this floor, complained that the
religious sentiment of the nation had been invoked
against this war. Sir, every principle of our holy
religion comes in conflict with tins war. What,
sir, will you talk to Christians about sending an-
aimy to invade a neighboring nation? To shoot
down our brethren of Mexico upon their own soil ?
To storm their fortifications, to cannonade their
cities, to involve whole families, consisting of alt
ages and of both sexes, in those revolting scenes
of blood and slaughter, which were witnessed at
Monterey and at Tabasco ? Can we expect Chris-
tians to remain silent while reading the dark list of
damning crimes which have been committed upon
a weak and distracted people, by those armed ruf-
fians and murderers who have been commissioned
by this Government to make war upon our fellow
beings on the other side of the Rio Grande? If
we credit th'c intelligence we receive from the
army, (and I am informed of no reason why we
should doubt it,) defenceless females are violated,
and unarmed peasants are shot down like brutes.
Whose blood does not curdle in his veins, when
reading such accounts as have lately been sent,
forth from our army? We have probably all
noticed the account lately published where the fe-
males of a family were insulted and abused by
those belonging to the army. During the night
one of the offenders, a Texan officer, was assassi-
nated, and in the morning his body was discovered.
The "Texan Rangers" were said to have gone
forth, and to have shot and murdered from eighty to
one hundred unarmed and innocent jjiasanft, in re-
venge for the death of their guilty comiade. These
murderers, these worse than murderers, are paid
by the freemen of this nation. They are sent there
by our President under pretence of maintaining
our national honor, while they thus disgrace hu-
manity. Is it expected that the religious sensi-
bilities of our people will slumber in silence, while
our nation thus C<rceks with crimes which smell to
Heaven 5" Will the President and his supporters
smother the religious feelings of the nation ? Will
they silence the voice of those whose vocation is
to proclaim "peace on earth and good will to men?"
It appears to me that moral darkness has spread
over our land, or these things would not have
passed by so silently. I regret to say that tho
cleigy have not spoken on this subject as becomes
the u ministers of the gospel of peace." The history
of the world shows that national crimes have ever
been followed by national judgments. This Gov-
ernment has hurried to premature graves, without
any just cause, at least four thousand human be-
ings, who had committed no crime; neither had
they offended us, or our Government. Many
