52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 24,
29th Cong '2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Gordon.
Ho. of Reps.
objects of annexation, and the objects of this war, |i considered myself the steadfast adherent of the
, . i t i 1   .'.J ,7 1 ' uti. . . ___ I a„.w ivi o n t ci 
were frankly and truly stated by a distinguished
gentleman from South Carolina, now before me,
[Mr. Holmes.] While the resolutions of annexa-
tion were before this House, John P. Hale (a name
I love to repeat) offered an amendment providing
that the western half of Texas should forever be
free territory. The gentleman to whom X allude
made a speech, setting forth, in substance, the ne-
Whig party; I speak my own sentiments-
Mr. GORDON. I cannot allow 
Mr. INGERSOLL, (continuing,) and I believe
the sentiments of my friends, 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York give way?
Mr. INGERSOLL, (still continuing his sen-
tencp,) certainly of my constituents, when I say
cessity of extending our territory in order to make ' the Whig party is not opposed to the prosecution
room for the extension of slavery. He stated that 1 of the war against Mexico. [Cries of " Good.1 ] ;[
there were then three millions of slaves within our Mr. GORDON. The gentleman is an honor- j
southern States; that they were increasing at the ij able exception to the general rule I have laid down, n
rate of four per cent, per annum, and that they
"would soon amount to twemy millions. He in- ^
sisted that we must have ail of Texas as slave Itv- |j
ritory; and that the southern man who should vote
to make one-half of it free, would be either a knave ;
or a fool. Sir, they must not only have all of';
Texas, but they intend to have all of Mexico as :j
slave territory.
Mr. Holmes said he had never used such lan- 'j
guage. |i
Mr. Gidmngs resumed. Should 1 write out my n
remarks, I will quote the gentleman as he was re- ,|
ported. He undoubtedly spoke the true objects of j]
the annexation of Texas. Thai, beyond all doubt, '
was for the extension of slavery. This wav has re- ;
suited from the annexation, so that the millions of '■
money we have squandered, and the thousands of :
lives which we have saenfied in this war, are the
consequence of our endeavors to extend slavery, j
Mr. G. was cut oil' fiom further remark's by the
expiration of the hour.
Note.—In the Appendix lo !he Congressional
Globe Mr. Holmes, of South Carolina, is report-
ed to have said: |
u They had a black popnl it ion winch merca-cd at the i:ite
of four per cent. p«r annum. They pos.-e^i d a tenilory
which wns limited in its e.u-nt, and which <:entlcmen vveie
disposed to keep within the limits that now confined it. 11
tho population of the United Stite.^ had n^cn within the
lifetime of the gontieman uoar him [Mi. Adams] from thiee
millions to twenty millions, hov\ long would it lake the
hlaek population of the Smth, which wa  now ihtve mil-
lions, to cxpjricnco a mciuiu-t ? And what, ho a k- ,
ed, would he tin; condition of tho whiles, if, with a black j
population thus hum wising, they must bo pent up w ittnn their
present limits, and enjoy no" opportunity ot onnyiaiion ?
Had gentlemen duly considered this' Would south, in gen-
tlemen consent to divide Texas into two St.ito^, one x'fvc-
holding and one vol—slaveiy to he admitted into the poition
adjacent to tho ^.mth, while fiec laboi wib confined to the
portion which boxl led on Mcmco 5 Wouid <inv >-ouilu:i ner
atiroo to tbi<? Would he cut oil his ou n < s.-, a<id fetloi
the energies of tin- slnv« holding coiuaiUiim ? II any south-
ern man assented to ^ueh a piopo-iiiim lie mii-r eithei lie a
fool or a knave—a fool not to peieeno the he, uintr, and a
knave, if pcicoiwng, he did not ic?.is>t it. Lef Mich atei-
nnnus bo e>t«ibh h< d on out .->outh\\ e-tcrn hoi dor, and wliat
must bo their condition? Upon a f-oil that must e\.'ntu,dly
become exhausted with aecumulatms black population;
idle, because there were more hands rlian woik; vicious,
because idle and mstincted bv co'unmmeations with the
North, stimulated by doctrine** leading to icvolt and murdei;
who, in the .scope of bis mental vi.-ion, and in the widest
btretch ot his imagination, could figtoe to him-eh <i inoie
awful calamity than would lull upon the Soiuhr"
THR MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. S. GORDON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
Thursday, December 24, 1846.
The Resolution to refer the Presulent's Message :
to the various standing committees, being under
consideration in Committee of the Whole— i
Mr. GORDON said: !
Mr. Chairman: I have obtained the floor at *
this stage of the debate, more to express opinions :
which I entertain than with a view to elaborate
any argument upon the questions of international !
law which have bten made m the course of the ;
discussion. Before 1 proceed to the expression of ;
these opinions, I will, m passing, pay my respects !
briefly to the opposite party in the House and in ;
the country. We find the Whig party opposed !
to the war—to the prosecution of the war in which <
we are engaged with Mexico; then- orators, and i
scribes, and leaders, here, and through the press, !
are denouncing the war upon our part as unjust I
and aggressive. j
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a single remai k ? I have always
Mr. POLLOCK here interposed; but
Mr. CORDON declined further to yield, and )
proceeded. j,
I repeat, Mr. Chairman, that the Opposition >j
party generally, on this floor and in the country, j!
are opposed to the prosecution of the war in which |j
we are at this time engaged with Mexico, and ji
those that are not in this category will, at the jl
proper time, have a chance to define their position, ij
We are engaged in a war with Mexico; our j
army is in the enemy's country, winning battles !
and conquering provinces; our navy is at sea, 1
blockading her ports and sweeping: her commerce, j
if commerce she has, from the ocean. The atten- |
tion of the Governments of Europe is directed to j
this war, their cabinets watching its progress, and ;
speculating upon its results. j
[Mr. HUNT, of New York, here interposed, j
and railed the attention of the House to the fact '
that one of the Whig members of the House, [Mr. i
Baickr, of Illinois,] who had been in Mexico \
fighting1 the battles of his country, had just en-
tered the Hall, and taken his seat.] I
Mr. GORDON continued: I repeat, Mr. Chair- :
man, to pay for this interruption, that our army is ;
now in the enemy's country, winning battles and i
conquei ing pi ovinces; that our navy is at sea block- !
nding her port*, sweeping her commerce, if com- !
merce she has, from the ocean; that the attention i
of tho Governments of the old world is now di- i
rected to the progress of this war, and the cabinets ■
of all these Governments are speculating as to its i
results and consequences, not only upon the com- I
morcc and business of the world, but upon the j
progress of free institutions among men; nnd in !
this stage of our foreign relations it is, that we have !
a party in our country, j epro-eiiled on this floor, i
who tiic opposing the prosecution of the war, and I
denouncing it as aggresaive on the part of theUni- j
tod State*. TTow happens it, Mr. Chan man, that '
in every war in which we have been engaged, from !
the Revolution down, this paity has always been
found opposed to the war in which their country
was engaged for the time being; nnd, not only in
every war, but in every unfriendly relation with
foreign powers and the savage tubes? Our Gov-
ernment was blamed for the Cieek war, for the
Seminole war, the Black Hawk war, for every In- !
dian war we ever had; and was also blamed, in the ;
midst of' the dm of arms, in every war in which
we have been engaged with a civilized power. And
I ask, how it is, and why it is, that the Opposition
paity has always occupied this position in such
a eonjueturc of the foreign relations and foreign
affairs of the country? There must he some abi-
ding reason at the bottom of ail this, or else it
would not always he so: and I can asenhe it to no
other motive in the world than this, that they are
dissatisfied with the free Government under which i
wc live, and with the piogrcss it is making in the i
world, and that they would be glad to change it ]
for something: more despotic and similar to those
Governments with which, from time to time, we
have been engaged, and on whose side they have
always been found when wc were thus engaged in
hostilities. For lean hardly ascribe it to any politi-
cal game which is being played off always on such
occasions; for if it is a game of politics, why there
would be just about as much credit m playingthat
game as there would be m gentlemen's playing
ii cards on Sunday. They will find it a losing game.
But enough of this.
!j The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
ij used the following language in his speech the other
day:
il k{ This question ha* two a«pects. In relation to its for-
jj eign aspect it is a question of no interest to the people of
: i the United States. The question which arises ro infinity in
;j importance, and in comparison with which the vvnr with
Mexico has not one hundredth part the importance, is this.
How did the war begin? Was it begun by Congies-, who
have the eon-tiaition-il power to commence war? or was it
begun by the Executive, usurping that power?"
This gentleman thinks it wholly unimportant
how this war is prosecuted, or how it m£y result;
it is a question of no sort of importance: but it is
to him a question of infinite importance how this
war was begun—whether it was begun bythePresi-
dentof the United States usurping authority, or by
the Congress of the United States, having power
to declare war. Why, sir, I will answer the gen-
tleman—it was begun by neither the Congress of
the United States or the Executive of the United
States, but it was begun by Mexico; and the gen-
tleman himself bears testimony before the woi Id by
his recorded vote on the Journal of this House,
that such is the fact.
On the 13th May last, we passed a bill—a
war-bill, in -which it is declared that this war was
begun by act of Mexico, and we voted supplies
to prosecute the war thus begun by act of Mexico.
Did not the gentleman vote for that bill, preamble
and all? Certainly he did. Now this measure
passed this House with only fourteen vote^igmnst
it, and it passed the Senate almost unanimously—
with bi^two votes against it; and this declaration
went oot from both Houses of Congress to the
people and the world that this war was begun by
Mexico.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not rest content with
the fact that this declaration was made by an al-
most unanimous vote of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, to prove that this war was not begun
by the President, or by the Congress of the Um-
I ted States, but by Mexico. Let us refer to facts,
I to the history of this ease, to some of the pronii-
1 nent and leading facts which characterize this wai,
| in proof of this position. Why, sir, the first act
| of war—whatever may have been the intention
j of Mexico towards declaring the war—the first
| overt act of war was the order issued on the 4th
; April, 1846, from the Government of Paredes to
the Mexican forces on the Rio Grande, to attack
| the American forces in Texas wherever they could
find them, by every means justified by war. Here
| is the first overt act of war that has come to my
, knowledge.
! It should be borne in mind that the American
i forces had advanced from Corpus Chnsti to the
! eastern bank of the Rio Grande; that they had
special instructions to regard Mexico as at peace
! with the United States; to commence no act of hos-
tility or aggression upon Mexico, and to disturb
i no Mexican settlement m Texas or elsewhere.
1 With these instructions, under these orders, and
; with these intentions, the army of the United
States, under command of General Taylor, occu-
; pied the eastern bank of the Rio Grande, opposite
1 Matamoros. On the 4th April, in pursuance of a
pre-declarcd determination, these orders of attack
were issued by the Government of Mexico; and
on the first of May, 1846, some hundred and fifty
Mexicans, at a place called Fort Walker, slaughter-
ed some ten Texan rangers, spilled American blood
on American soil; and I have no doubt that this was
done in pursuance of military orders issued by the
commander in the Mexican service; and on the 8th
of May the army of General Taylor was attacked
on its return from its depot of stores at Point Isa-
bel to the fort opposite Matamoros, and the battle
of Palo Alto ensued; and again on the 9th of May,
the battle of Resaca de la Palma was fought—the
American forces being attacked by the Mexican
forces.
Here, sir, is the beginning of the war; the war
is begun, the battle is in, and Mexico lias drawn
the sword, and thrown away the scabbard, and
refuses to treat for peace. And yet, with all
these facts—these overt acts of war staring the
gentleman in the face—he gets up here in the Ame-
rican Congress, before the world, and asks, "Who
commenced this war—the President of the Uni-
ted States or the Congress of the United States ?"
when he knows, or ought to know, and the
woild knows, that there was no disposition on
the part of the United States to engage in war
with Mexico, but every sacrifice, consistent with
national honor, had been made to live on terms
of good neighborhood with this adjacent Pow-
er. It is true that the President had anticipated
these attacks, perhaps not precisely in the form
and at the time when they were made, but he
