1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mcxican War—Mr. Gordon.
Ho. of Reps.
was forewarned that attacks would be made,
that war would be commenced; and the army of
General Taylor was ordered to advance from Cox-
pus Christ! to opposite Matamoros, to within
striking distance of the enemy's forces, and to
watch the movements of the enemy. Thus the at-
tack was made, the war begun—begun by Mexico
by crossing the boundary of Texas and attacking
the American forces upon soil that was not occu-
pied by Mexican forces or by Mexican settle-
ments, but was in the occupation of the American
army, and up to the time of the occupation of it
by the American army, was" vacant territory,
claimed by Texas and within the bounds of Texas.
Our Government was not bound to wait an at-
tack. Threatened, as she was, by this unfriendly !
Power, she had the undoubted right to invade the .
indisputable territory of the enemy, and strike the !
first blow, and still be justified by the laws of na-
tions; but our Government preferred a more pa-
cific course—preferred to let our forces remain at
home within our own bordets—forces concentra-
ted near the confincs of the two countries, far dis-
tant from the seat of Government in the United
States, and barely sufficient to repel any attack
which might with any probability be made by the
Mexican forces near the Eio Grande. Bfameahie
indeed would the Executive have been, and fear-
ful his accountability, had he not taken those pre-
cautionary measures timely and wisely, as the se-
quel showed they were.
But, sir, further to illustrate the point, who
begun the war with Mexico, it is necessary to go
back to examine the grounds and the causes of
this war, thus begun, I say, by Mexico herself.
Mr. Chairman, from the battle of San Jacinto
down to the annexation of Texas to the United
States, Texas claimed to the Rio Grande, and, on
the other hand, Mexico claimed to the Sabine.
Texas was acknowledged independent by several
of the Governments of Europe and by the United
States; and during these nine years Texas claimed
to the eastern bank of the Rio Grande as her west-
ern boundary, and Mexico made no other claim
than up to the Sabine, as the boundary between
Texas and the United States. Under this claim
of boundary and of independence on the part of
Texas, and this claim of territory on the part of
Mexico to the Sabine, the independence of Texas
was recognised not only by the United Suites, but
the other Powers to whom I have alluded. This
was the position of affairs when Texas was an-
nexed to the United States. Before annexation,
and while it was in progress, Mexico declared that
the Annexation of Texas to the United States would
be regarded by that Government as casus belli; and
that war would be waged while there was a man
in Mexico capable of resisting what she denounced
as an aggression and a robbery. Mexico has never
put that war on any other ground than that of the
annexation of Texas. She had declared before-
hand, that if Texas was annexed she would wage
war for the reconquest of that province. Well,
Texas was annexed, and we find these orders—
we find the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico
saying to our Minister, before orders were issued,
that the annexation of Texas would be regarded as
a cause of war, and that war would ensue. And
on the 4th April, 1846, in pursuance of this decla-
ration and predetermination on the part of Mexico
to have a war with the United States on account
of the annexation of Texas, these orders to attack
the American forces by every means justified by
wai, were issued by the Mexican Government;
and these battles I fiave mentioned ensued, and
were a consequence of these orders.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in order to blame our own
Government, the Opposition could not condcmn the
war as unjust and aggressive on the part of the
United States, on the ground that annexation was a
just cause of war, because many of the Opposition—
and f do not know but a majority of the Opposition—
voted for the annexation of Texas, and aided and
assisted in bringing that province into the Union
as one of the States of the Union. To condemn
the war, therefore, as aggressive, on the ground
that annexation was a just cause of the war, would
be to condemn themselves, and 1 believe that no
one would stultify himself at this day by getting up
and asserting before any community out of Mexico
that the annexation of Texas was cause of war.
What then ? Why, they must be in opposition to
j; their Government in this war, whether that oppo-
|| sition be right or wrong; and then they under-
;i take to find out' some cause of war other than that
|l which Mexico herself alleged as the cause, and
M upon which she grounded hostilities. And what
j: is it? What do they seek, what have they found,
ij in order to justify the charge, that the war, on the
i; part of the United States, is aggressive and unjust ?
!! Why, they say that the territory between the
:j Nueces and the Rio Grande was not a part of!
|j Texas proper, that it was Mexican territory, and j
ij that the President of the United States, by order- j
j: ing the forces of this Government to occupy a posi- j
j; tion beyond the Nueces, or at least on the banks '
;{ of the Rio Grande, made a hostile incursion upon 1
!' the territory of Mexico, and that that was the ;
;j cause of the war. Why, Mexico must be under ,
!' many obligations to the Opposition party in this j
' country for discovering a cause of war that had
i1 not occurred to herself! But, sir, at the time the
Mexican Government issued these orders of attack
, upon the American forces, the Mexican Goveny
■ ment could not have known that the American
forces had advanced ftom Corpus Christi to the
Rio Grande. But this territory w-is claimed by j
|| Texas; it was claimed by the United Stojes. !
j, Mexico never claimed the territory between the 1
I Nueces and the Rio Grande other than that she
i claimed up to the Sabine, for the whole of Texas.
■ i Suppose this territory was disputed and disputa-
,i ble, it was vacant territory, and, as disputable ter-
! ritory, was neutral territory, and we had as good
a right to occupy that territory as Mexico herself.
|! But I have no doubt on the subject of title, and I
believe there is no discrepancy of opinion in the j
!} Democratic party in regard to where the true bound- ■
■ \ ary of Texas is. The Whi^r party, however,are !
M not agreed among themselves in rcgcud to this ques-
i- tion. During this very Congress, at the last sex-
sion, upon this floor, the venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts, not now in his seat, [Mr. Adams,]
!, declared, in a speech which he made upon this
t subject, that the Rio Grande opposite MaUmoros ;
was the western boundary of Texas; and it is
■ claimed by many of that party, or Admitted at
; least, that the Rio Grande was, and is, the western
\ boundary of Texas. The utmost thev can make
'l out, therefore, is, that it was u case of disputable
territory; and as such it was neutial territory, and
we had as good a right to occupy it as Mexico.
Why, sir, what would have been thought of the
American Government, or the British Government,
!| if either had attacked the forces of the other in
Oregon before the settlement of the boundary be-
:: tween the United States and Great Britain in re- j
spect to the disputed territory? We have had :
with Great Britain several questions of disputed
|| boundary, and yet these Governments have con- 1
I trived to settle their disputes by negotiation and '
without resort to war; and when the foices of the
one occupied what was claimed to be the territory
;! of the other, the)'- did not fly to arms; they treated !
II the disputed territory as neutral ground, and wait-
f' ed the result of negotiation. Why did not Mexi- j
I co do the same ? She did not go to war, the fact j
! is, on account of this territory, which, on the other i
i side, is claimed to be disputable territory, and
; which I deny. She never went to war on that J
i ground, but she declared war, waged war, and 1
: began war against the United States, not because ,
| the forces of General Taylor had occupied the ter- i
! ritory between these rivers, but because Texas .
1 had annexed herself, with the consent of the Uni- ,
ted States, as one of the States of this Union. ;
I Now, if the annexation of Texas had not been
: claimed as cause of war by Mexico, then, for the |
I occupation of this territory, there never would have :
i been any war between Mexico and the United
; States. This war, then, was waged by Mexico on
the ground, expressly, of the annexation of Texas;
|l not of the disputed title of the territory between
l! these two rivers. This being the fact, I ask what
i; is to be done? I ask the Opposition what they
I! would have the Administration, the Democratic
party, and the country, do in regard to this war?
i; Treat she will not; negotiate she has refused to;
j i she has drawn the sword and declared, and declares
il to this day, that she would never return it to the
ji scabbard until the United States retire or are driven
|| back to the Sabine. Now, do they propose that
II our army comply with her terms, and that we can-
li eel the bond of union between Texas and the Uni-
ted States and surrender her to Mexico ? They com-
plain about the prosecution of this war, and they
want to know what we are to do with these con-
quered provinces—what is the object of the war.
I ask, then, what will you do? Mexico will not
| live in peace with us; she has gone to war because
i we have annexed the territory of Texas as a State
of this Union; we have got to defend the doings
! of this Government, to defend the annexation of
Texas to the United States, or else surrender Tex-
as to Mexico. Now, to march our army upo^ the
banks of the Rio Grande, and not cross the river
and invade the enemy's territory, would make this
an everlasting war. So long as you do not invade
the enemy's country and prosecute the war there,
she wxJI laugh at your arms, and will sneer at your
piosecution of the war; she will send over her
banditti to annoy and to injure us; our army must
remain there until doomsday, and she be at no sort
of expense to keep us in war, or in preparation for
war. The only means, then, to have peace with
Mexico, is to prosecute the war in the enemy's
country, and let her, once for all, understand that
Texas never can be reconquered and never will be.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
tiirop] the othei day asked what the President
intended to do with these provinces, which have
been conqucied by our army. He wanted to know
what " the President" intended to do. Why, sir,
I will tell him what the American people intend to
! do. The President intends to do nothing; he has
- no power to do anything; he can only prosecute
; the war that we have ordered him, as commander-
in-chief of the army and navy, to prosecute, and
have furnished him the means to prosecute. How
these territories are to be disposed of, is nothing to
the President of the United States. The gentle-
man ousjht to have known, without asking the
question, that the Piesidcnt could not dispose of
these conquered territories; that he could notannex
them; that he could not prevent their being annexed
by the proper authoiities of this country. But I
will tell the gentleman what the people of the Uni-
ted States mean to do: they mean to hold on to the
Californias—they mean to conquer them, and make
them a permanent acquisition to the United States.
I assure the Opposition, that the American people,
, in due time, will take care of the Californias and
1 New Mexico; they never will belong to Mexico
again. This is what the people of the United
\ States mean to do. Now, I am for prosecuting
i this war; I believe the people are for prosecuting
the war. I am for retaining, as a permanentacqui-
sition, the provinces we have conquered or snail
' conquer, so*far as we see lit, for an indemnity. I
would not take them, because we have conquered
them; but I would hold on to them, as a perma-
nent acquisition, to pay what Mexico owes to the
citizens of the United States, and to pay the ex-
penses of a wai foolishly, wickedly, and unjustly
waged by this impudent Power against the United
States.
This brings me, Mr. Chairman, to the consider-
ation of another subject of immense importance,
which, perhaps, is rather novel on this floor, but
which is necessarily connected with the question
and bound up in it, and may as well be broached at
one time as another. The people of the United
States, or a vast majority of the people of the Uni-
ted States, aie not only intently determined on the
prosecution of this war, and the permanent acquisi-
tion of this territory, to indemnify for these expen-
ditures and for these just demands against Mex-
ico; but they mean to make it a free territory.
Now, it is due to candor, that we meet each other
face to face, and in the spirit of frankness and truth
talk over this matter exactly as it is. I regret, for
one, that this topic has been started in this debate
thus early and prematurely, although, perhaps, it
may be for the best. 1 am not responsible for it.
The debate has been started in this House uj)on
this question, and connected with this question
never to be separated from it, by two honorable
gentlemen from the State of Tennessee-—a slave-
holding State—one a Democrat [Mr. Stanton]
and the other a Whig, [Mr. Gentry.] At the
last session of this Congress, I voted for the Wil-
mot amendment to the two-million bill. I would
not have offered that amendment; but it being
: offered, I would not avoid and dodge that vote,
• but went for the amendment; and whenever the
' question shall be presented to me, I stand ready to
