m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[Dec. 16,
'29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican Mar—Mr. Gentry.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr, HOLMES desired to know whether he had
understood his colleague's doctrine. He
understood him to say, that if the State of Georgia
were conquered by France, her Senators in Con-
gress would, eo instanti, be fancli officio, [laughter,]
though, (continued Mr. H.,) they had been elect-
ed for six years. Would he say that?
Mr. WOODWARD, after exchanging some ob-
servations with Mr. Holmes, who stood near him,
proceeded: I am very glad that my colleague has
thought proper to convey an extremely technical
idea in language of as extreme technicality. But
m_y colleague has wholly misconceived the point
I intended to make. I have been speaking of what |
would be the nature of the powers of the French '
general after he had effected a successful invasion, j
and reduced the people to submission. I do not t
mean to say that under our own. laws end ConstUu- i
tion, the authority of the Georgia Senators, in the
rase supposed, would be at all impaired; or that
they would requite to be elected anew after the ex- i
pulsion of the invading general; or that thejr acts ,
during the conquest would not be authoritative af- !
terwards. What'I mean to say is, that the French I
general getting secure possession of the State of1
Georgia, might, in his military character, assume j
to cut her off from her federal relations to this i
Union, without committing usurpation against his
own Government; but still he would be bound to
preserve the State laws, and even Take care that his
conquest did not obstruct their execution; that in
thus dissolving the federal relations of Georgia, he
would do nothing impeachable af home, ns not con-
formable to the jaws of the French nation or the
laws of war; provided he did not disturb the State
institutions nmj authorities.
Mr. SEDDOJN1 here inquired of Mr. W. whether
he meant to say that the State authorities of Geor-
gia would be State authorities under the French |
sovereignty. !
Mr.WOODWARD. When my fiiend has heard \
me fully he will agree with me. It is not meant :
that the State authorities of Georgia would, in n
strict sense, exist under and by force of the con-
quering sovereignty; but that they wonid exist i,i
despite of the conquest. That is the idea.
Now, sir, the supposed ease illustrates precisely
the case before the House, putting the United
States on the opposite side of the question. Santa
Fe is not an irregular shapeless fragment, broken
oil from a consolidated empire. She is an inte-
grant separate commonwealth, whole and com-
plete within herself, exercising the highest interna!
function* of sovereignty.
In endeavoring thus to define the rights and ;
duties ot the head of the army, both as regards
the peaceful mid belligerant citi/.nis of a conquered
province, I do not mean to deny or impair any of
the duties he owes to his own country orhisariny. ;;
To his army he owes protection at all and every
hazard. This duty confers (he right of martial';
law; and for the purpose of self-protection he may
take any and every iiie-i.smc necessary and proper
to the end, and also to secure the objects of the
war. But, sir, gentlemen talk about the President :
instituting a government in these, provinces or
States, in lieu of their own ! I should like to know
whereabouts in Vattel those doctrines are to he
found. I deny it all, sir. Rut 1 deny at the same
time, that the President, so far- as my knowledee
goes, has attempted to do any such thin<-. The :
friends of the President are manufacturing a case :
for liini upon which he cannot stand. What un- i
examplod outrage has he committed, to make such i
monstrous doctrines indispensable to his defence.1 :
He appears to me to have acted upon a just con-
ception of the duties of a generalissimo towards a
conquered country, viz; to see to the duo adminis- '
tration of the existing laws, and to add the lev
martiai, upon emergency, for the protection of his -
army. vVhat has he done repugnant to the laws 1
of nations ? So far from having assumed to abro- 1
gate government and laws,he has,on the contrary :
done no more than use his power to guaranty the '
preservation of their own laws and institutions to '!
the conquered people. He has made no new laws
—not one. He has created no new offices or offi-
cers. But say gentlemen, he has administered
oaths oi_ allegiance to the people and officers of
Santa I<e. At first blush this might look likeaf
bold measure. But let it be examined closely.
t heie is the widest possible distinction between ii
I, the ri^ht la make a conquest and the right to derive
: aiUhoniy from it, after it is made. I have labored
| to show that the military commander derives no
| civil authority front a conquest already secured;
ji but, on the other hand, it will not be denied that
;i he has absolute and adequate power to make the
\'t conquest. Now, it is plain to my mind that an
; oath of obedience, or temporary allegiance, ad-
11 ministered to the conquered, is a part af the act and
j [process of conquest, and does not partake of mi-
ll thority derived fiom the conquest. How could
j; your commander otherwise !?now that he had se-
, currd his conquest? How could he know that
theie was no longer an enemy to meet, and that
lie might safely suspend the law of force? Such
aa oath enables him to treat the people, not as
enemies, but friends; to leave them to manage their
> own afiUirs, and, in so doing:, to stand justified
before his own country as a prudent ana cautious
, commander. I>y tlie laws of nations, in case of
conquest, all connexion is severed for the time
being between thf1 conquered province and the for-
mer sovereign. Does not this position allow the
President to tmrmfer the temporary nffe-giancfi to
; the new sovereign? Can it be pretended'that any
I officer of Santa Fe is to be considered as deriving
; his authority from our enemy? The idea is ab-
jl surd. The President had the rifrht.to direct the
| dissolution of every commission from the Mexi-
can sovereign, and to substitute others from the
United States. Tim was an indispensable part of
the act of conqucat. The President was bound,
■ m every case where the ejected sovereign was
, bound, to see that the laws were duly executed.
; This wds Ins duty, not his right. Hut how was
lie to discharge the duty, if officers who adminis-
ter the law were to be recounted responsible to a
foreign and hostile soveieisrn? They must, in
! legal contemplation, derive their authority, for the
■ time being, fiom the United States. I speak, of
r course, of that class of officers who were rcsponsi-
, ble to the Central Government of Mexico. The
! people owe clearly a qualified allegiance to the
! United States, living to a certain extent under our
protection. Oaths of allegiance do not crcate alle-
giance, but only recognise an allegiance already
i existing. _ AKe^irmcc mav grow out of a man's
, geographical position. Ho/owes temporary alle-
■ giance for the time bein?, to the country that pro-
tects him. Having taken protection under a Gov-
' ernment, lie is hound to submit to its just authority;
' and if you engage him by an oath to do so, what
: harm is done !nm?—he was bound before he made
■ the promise, 7'hc only hardship of an oath, is
1 where it renounces-and abjures a lawful sovereign.
1 Such nit oath, exacted under duress, would be'aii j
oiUracv. If taken voluntarily, however, it would ,
work no injury. I do not niean to say, that if I 1
had been in the place of Stockton or Kearny I
would have judged it necessary to require such :
oaths; but T certainly do insist that the authorities |
in the conquered provinces are under responsibili- '
ties to (he United States, oath or no oath. If there ;
be no such responsibilities,.then theie has been no j
conquest, and no submission of the people, who j
in such case are still to be accounted enemies, and |
lawful objects of the law of force. j
But, Mr. Speaker, I have a single observation
to make upon a point touched by some s>-e«itlemen. !
It is suggested that the reduced provinces have 1
already become members of this Union by force of
conqucst. (cannot concede that a State may come 1
into the Union by mere military operation. The 1
Constitution provides expressly that "new States 1
may be admitted into the Union by the Congress>
No question could arise under this clause, except i
whether the State applying- for admission could, !
in the sense of the Constitution, properly come >
under the descriptive words—"new States." And ;
in the case of Texas, hy-the-by, this was the only :
question that required to be debated. If, by a
fair construction of the Constitution, these descrip- '
tivc words be applicable to a State external to the
original domain of the Union, then Texas was ad-
missible; by what authority the Constitution has
said expressly. But if these words be not appli-
cable to such a State, Texas was not admissible;
neithei by Congress nor any other authority.
In regard to the complaint against the "Presi-
dent, that his conduct indicates a spirit of con-
quest, [ will pass briefly to a position I do not
hesitate to lay down. It is this; Where, in prose-
i cuting a war for indemnity, you have taken: the
property of the enemy, the fair and natural pre-
sumption is, that you mean to hold it eventually,
| or until some equivalent shall be received in ex-
] change for it. Are not the conquered provinces?
j so far as they consist of government domain, and
, are the property of the Central Government of
j Mexico, already our own by the laws of war and
I by every principle of equity ? That is, if the war
j be a just one. If our own Constitution were out
| of ihe way, what say the laws of nations to the
' contrary? Have we not bought these possessions
( of the enemy, and bought them at the cost of blood
! and treasure? Yes, we have bought them, and
paid dearly for them, too. And the President was
bound to presume that they would be surrendered
only for an equivalent. Entertaining this pre-
sumption, then, was it not his duty to take every
necessary and proper precaution to promote the
end he was bound to presume we had m contem-
plation? I have not any certain knowledge of the
facts; but so far as I do know them, the President
had exercised only such rights, or rather perform-
ed such duties, as pertain to the generalissimo of
the army. He has only done his duty,and usurped!
no powers that do not belong to him. I think the
complaints made are groundless, and have resulted
from want of due consideration.
But it has been asked by some whether time
would not give us a perfect title to the conquered
country? Whether, if we continue to occupy is
! far a period of time, it would not, ipso Judo, become
: a part and portion of the United States domain ?
By this it is meant, that if the provinces or States in
question should consent to assume a territorial re-
lation to the United States, (the laws of nations
not interfering, as they do not,) the lapse of time
might dispense with the form required by the
Constitution.
It is certainly true, fhere are few legal results,
time is not capable of producing. The ptinciple
upon which every statute of limitations rests, is a
reasonable and just one, viz: that what is seen by
all to be the condition of a thing for a long period
of time, should betaken to be its lawful condition.
In the State of South Carolina, the lapse of ten
years will effect the same result, in relation to real
estate, as a sealed instrument, with two witnesses.
And it will not be deemed a thing extraordinary
that our laws have made it so. If Mexico should
be found to have abandoned those distant prov-
inces, and, she making no struggle to recover ihem,
and having evidently no means of doing so, the
United States should yet continue their occupation
and possession, Congress conniving at it; the mere
lapse of time, if the provinces themselves consent-
ed, mi^ht at last convert a military occupationiiTto
a political ownership, by the force of that natural
justice which approves every statute of limitations
Rut I utterly deny that we can acquire territory
by mere military authority; and, though we might
by operation of time, I am for leaving this matter,
not to time, but to the proper authorities provided
by the Constitution.
I had intended, Mr. Speaker, to remark on some
other points, but my friend from Virginia [Air.
Scddon] has so far anticipated me as to render it
not worth my while to say anything more.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MKTM. P. GENTRY",
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representative;,
Wednesday, December 16, 18-10.
The House, in Committee of the Whole, having
muter consideration the proposition to refer the
President's Message to the different commit-
tees—
Mr. PENTRY said:
Mr. Chairman: When I read the message of
the President of the United States, communicated
to Congress at the beginning of the present ses-
sion, and saw that he had descended from the dig-
nity of his high station,and violated its proprieties
so far as to assume, that to question the constitu-
tionality, wisdom, justice, or prudence, of his con-
duct in originating and prosecuting the war with
Mexico, was to " adhere to the cause of the enemy,
and thus give him aid and comfort," I determined,
