60
APPENDIX TO THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 16,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The, Mexican War—Mr. Gentry.
Ho. of Reps.
" Having some knowledge, from my official position at
that lime, of the policy and objects of the convention of
1828,1 am quite persuaded that its main design was to lead,
in a future partition of the territory, to the recognition of
our claim to the country, not north, but south of the 49th
parallel, ami between that and the Columbia river. A
division of the country upon that principle, with a reason-
able regird to rights grown up under the ioint possession,
always appealed to me to afford a just and practicable basis
for an amicable and honorable adjustment of the subject.
Such, als o, I was satisfied, were the views of our Govern-
ment at the time I engaged in my recent mission ; and, in
earnestly and steadily laboring to effect a settlement on
that basis, I was hid representing the policy of my own Gov-
ernwent, and faithfully promoting the intentions and u-ishes
of the President."
Thus, it appears conclusively, that when the |
President was encouraging distinguished men of i
his own party to stake their reputation before the
country upon the issue of 54° 40'—<c the whole of '
Oregon or none"—he had many months before ;
instructed Mr. McLane to agree to a settlement of* j
tiie Oregon controversy upon the basts of the 49th i
parallel of latitude. In view of suck facts, may I J
not hope to be pardoned for looking; to the acts of \
the President, rather than to his declarations, for a j
discovery of his motives in prosecuting this war !
with Mexico ? And here, before I go farther into !
this inquiry, I must express my profound regret
that the instructions of Mr. SUdell are not before
this House. What was the character of those in-
structions r I ventuie the opinion, with undoubting
confidence in us correctness, that he received no
instructions from the President which authorized
him to make a treaty with Mexico, which did not
provide for the cession to this Government of the
Cahforntas, and perhaps New Mexico. Now, sir,
what are the facts which justify me iri disbelieving
the assertion of the President, when he says, that
"the war has not been waged with a view to con-
quest?" Simultaneously with Mr. Shdelfs mis-
sion to Mexico, a naval squadron was ordered to
take position on the eastern and western coast of
Texas, and General Taylor was ordered to ad-
vance over the disputed territory, From Corpus
Christi to Matamoros. War ensued, and directly
a bearer "of despatches" was sent in all possible
haste overland to the coast of California; and soon
we hear of a " proclamation from Commodore
Stockton, the Governor of California," which be-
gins as follows:
^ " I, Robert V. Stockton, eommandoi-in-chitf of the United
Starts fou'es in tlx* P.icinc ocean, and Govei nor of (he Ter-
ritory of California, and eoniinaiider-in-eliuf of 'tin- ntiny
«{ tlie  aiur, do hen hy mufiv hno>ni to all men, linn having
by nj^ht o! t'onijnesi t.i'ccn p.>ws ion ofthat ti intorv, know n
by the name of lrpp«i and Loner California, i" do now
declare it to be a Territory of the Unite<i Stutes, under the
name of the Territory of California."
He then proceeds to prescribe a constitution and 1
form of government for the Nuid territory. And
soon wc see General Kearny, by order of the Presi- |
dent, marching over a vast wilderness to New j
Mexico; overrunning that department of theMexi- 1
can republic; deposing its civil officers; declaring
them to be a part of the territory of the United
States; compelling its officers and citizens to swear
allegiance to the same; declaring them citizen >sof
the United States; denouncing the penalties of trca- :
son against ail who might thereafter be found in
arms against the United States, and installing him-
self Governor. And more recently, he, having oc-
casion to leave the territory, the mail brings us in-
formation of the following appointments which he -
has made of civil officers for the territory thus
Bummanly conquered and annexed) under the au-
thority of the President, viz: « Charles Bent, to be
Governor; Donaciano Vigil, to be Secretary of Ter-
ritory; Richard Dallam, to be MarsKal; Francis 1
P. Liair, United States District .Mm-ney; Charles
Plummcr, to be Treasurer; Eugene Leitensdorfcr, !
tobe Auditorof Public, Accounts; and Joab HouMi- !
ton, Antonio Jose Otero, and Charles Beaubienfto -
he Jndgps of the Superior Court. Given at Santa ;
I<e, the Capital of the Territory of New Mexico i
this 22d of September, 1846, and in the 71st year '
of the independence of the United States. S \V
Kearny, Brig. Gen. JJ. 8. A."
If conquest was not the object for which the
President has waged this war, why were these offi-
cers ordered to New Mexico and the Californias?
Why these proclamations, declaring those regions
to have become, by the law of conquest, a mat of
the territories of the United States ? Why is it that !
General Wool and General Taylor have not been ;
ojderea to issue similar proclamations, and orga- j
nize, in like manner, civil governments in the terri-
tories which they have overrun with the armies of
this republic r Is it not because the President lim-
its his present views of conquest to New Mexico
and the Californias? It is in vain for gentlemen to
argue that these steps have been taken as indis-
pensable to secure the temporary possession of
New Mexico and California. If this were the only
object, the reasons for organizing civil government
in the territories conquered by General Wool and
General Taylor are much stronger than in New
Mexico and the Californias; foi whilst these hitter
depai tments are sparsely inhabited, those portions
Californias, by conquest, is to be the great question of
the age. Not because the President desires it; not
because my colleague desires it; not because the peo-
ple desire it; nor yet because Congress has sanction-
ed it;-but because there is, in u the present circum-
stances, a state of things which must inevitably lead to
that resultWho, but the President of the Uni-
ted States, created the state of things which imposes
upon us this result, which, according to my col-
league, is inevitable? The President, in his mes-
sage, congratulates Congress upon the acquisition
of territory greater in extent than the original thir-
teen States of the Union. But the conquest and
of Mexico which have been overrun by Generals j! annexation of this vast territory is not yetcom-
Tayior and Wool are, in many parts, densely in- [ plete. To an usurper, an independent legislature
habited, and are dotted over with populous towns fi is a very inconvenient thing; and a refractory Con-
and villages. New Mexico and the Californias ji gress might, possibly, interpose some obstacles to
were very remote from the United States, were jj the consummation of the President's grand scheme
sparsely inhabited, having no strong military posts | i of conquest and annexation. But it is obvious
that this difficulty has been foreseen, and that the
President is armed with a resource against it. The
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
lass,] who, I suppose, may be justly regarded as
an accredited exponent of the views of the Admin-
istration, oracularly announced to us a few days
ago, £hat, by the law of nations, if the Govern-
ment of the United States makes peace with Mexi-
co, without specifying a boundary, all the territory
which may have been conquered by our arms will
be in fact annexed to the United States, and will
forever constitute a part of its territory, unless re-
conquered or ceded away by the United States.
This, I suppose, is the plan of the President; and
Congress will, as in the case of making war with
Mexico, be called upon, one of these days, not to
annex the vast territories overrun by our armies,
but to recognise their annexation. These are the
r^pid strides which usurpation is making in this
free republic. Shall wc tamely submit? Will
which we could capture, or fortifications for us to
batter down. Why was our army and navy sent
upon that expedition ? To conquer a peace ? To
chastise Mexico for outrages perpetrated upon our
citizens? For these purposes they could have been
far more effectively employed in striking at the
heart of Mcxico, instead of its extremities. Con-
quest, conq.uest, sir, stands out, in bold relief, as
the object of the President in all these movements.
i If any man yet doubts, let him peruse carefully a
letter written by the Secretary of War to Colonel
Stevenson, of the California regiment, bearing
date the 26th of June, 1846, and his doubts must
vanish. It is as follows:
" War Department, June 2i>, 1846.
"Sir: The President having dctemiined to send a regi-
ment of volunteers around (Jape Horn to the Pacific, to be
employed in pioseeuung hostilities to some province of
Mcvieo, probably in Upper California, has authorized me to
say, that i! yon will organize one on the condition-; hcrein-
aft?r r^poeific'd, and tender it-* peiviees, it would be aeceptcd.
It is proper it should he done with the consent ot the Gov- ,
uuor of New York. The Piesidcnt expects, and indeed j| nobody come to the resctte of the Constitution?
requires, tnat great carp should be taken to have it composed j| On this side of the House we are in a minority,
of Mutable pTsons—I mean of good habiu—as fai as pracu- ; and without aid we can effect nothing. I call upon
cable ot various pursuits, and such as woulloe likely to remain, i . , • , D ,, T p , , ~
' gentlemen on the other side of the House to throw
off the shackles of part}', and cooperate in vindi-
cating the outraged law. I call upon the Repre-
sentatives of Virginia and South Carolina to come
10 the rescue of the Constitution, and I heg to re-
mind them, that the glory of those ancient com-
monwealths was not won by subserviency to
power, but by brave and patriotic resistance to its
usurpations. Our fathers would have been as-
tounded by the idea, that any President of the
United States would have the temerity and auda-
city to attempt sncli usurpations as those which
at the etui oj the v. rtr, either ?n t>> cg;on. ur m ia,y ol/ier tern-
tor^j in that rc ;ion of the <>hbe u hi-k may then le apart of Ike
United State*. The act ot the thnteenUi of May last autho-
rizes the acceptance of volunteer^ j'ui tvvthe months, or
I during the war with Mexico. The. condition of the. accvpt-
: anoc, in this e:i.-e, must be a tender oi service dunng tne
| war; and it niu-t he explicitly understood that they may he
J dirichaigrd, without a claim for returning homo, wherever
i thov m.iv be sen inc at the termination oi the war, piovided
u in th" then tciritoiy of the United States, oj may be
. tak"ii t > the neaiiM ot most convenient teintoiy belonging
to thr> IJmti'd .State*, and there dischaiacd
I '-The men mus-t be appiized that then term of«ervice is
for the w;d : that they; « to he dischai^ed ,is above i-peci-
fied, and that thev am to be employed on a distant service.
Ft ??, hov ever,
or proc'ai
this point gieat caution i* enjoined.
k'The communication to the otfieois and men must fro so
far as to remove all just «iound* of comprint that they have
been deceived in the nature and the place of the service.
" U 'n e\[>ecied that the regiment will be in readiness to
omhaik us eaily as the fir-t of Aium-t inwt, if practicable.
Steps will bo immediately taken to provide for transporta-
tion.
" Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
VV. L. MARC^', Secretary of 7-Var,
j. i). Stkvenson. Nciv York (J>tu.'>
4 Col,
rcr, rcmiieuraMcthi-t it ih'outd not he publicly I, now i! tJie President evidently contemplates, and has par-
•neJ that, the;/ arc ty «o to any particular place. On j tmlfy consummated.
" Fools rusli in where angels fear to tread."
The President has been rendered sensitive, I sup-
pose, by the question, " Who is James K. Polk ?"
s<] often asked when he was a candidate for the
Presidency, and he desires to create a sensation in
the world; or, perhaps, envying Mr. Tyler the
(>Wy of annexing Texas to the United States, he
strikes for the Californias and New Mexico, that
his administration may be signalized by an achieve-
ment equally glorious. Let Congress and the peo-
ple sanction his usurpation, and he will no doubt
have imitators in the future. Every ambitious
President will aim to make his administration
more brilliant than those of his predecessors, and
the republic will be continually engaged in wars
From this it appears that the President had de-
termined to conquer and annex California, if that
was practicable; and, if he failed in this, to disgorge
upon that part of Mexico a kind of illegitimate
colony, that would settle 111 the country, and in
due course of time rebel against Mexico, and finally
petition for annexation.
. . . of conquest—wars of ambition and aggradizement;
All the circumstances of the President's conduct !! and with a vast national debt, and a people morally
of this war go to prove, that conquest was its mo- j; debauched and ground into the dust'by oppressive
tive, and that he intends conquest to be its end. ^ taxation, our Presidents will be Presidents no
My collengne, [Mr. Stawtos:,] whose relation to .1 longer, hut despots, wielding unlimited power; and
the President, as I before remarked, enables him, ;i our Union, our Constitution, and liberty, will per-
(loubtiess, to form correct opinions as to the objects j] ish forever. The executive power of this Govern-
or the Administration, m his remarks a few days |j ment is vested by the Constitution in the President,
ago, said: i| an(j although it makes him the commander-in-chief
"But I thought I saw, in the course of the debate yester- j; of the army and navy, he is nevertheless but the
d'lj, <ic> well ab in the insidious deMtio oi the resolution, mm >i  ■ a; c ± ->
incipient opposition to that measure which is to be tin- meat ;J c^ie£e3i-ecu^e odicer of the Government; and as
   * - the Constitution confers upon Congress the power
to declare war, the President, as commander-in-
chief of the army and navy, has no rijrht to waof
n"i rained on, witn a view to conquest. 1 desne tin*, to hr> 1 c i  . j . a n ^
distinctly understood. Tins js not a w<ir of conquest As - for objects and purposes not contemplated and
fai an my own feelings are coneernpd, I do not wish to see sanctioned by Congress. Where does the Presi-
this Government wre?t from Mexico, by any unjust or unau- 'I dent find a sanction of the national will for his vast
..oT^nu^pS annexations? There has been no
must inevitably lead to that result?'lawmen , gnc^ expression of the national will, either by the
t„„, lh« „flie j
feature ot' the a«e—{ mean trie annexation of the Californias
to this Government. The President's menage asserts and
I assort, that this war has not boon commenced, that it
not carried on, with a view to conquest. I desite tin* to be i
