1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
29th Cong 2d Sjess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Kennedy.
Ho. of Reps.
war, and has waged the war for purposes not sane- 1
tioned by the national will. In the origin and
prosecution of the war he lias violated the spirit of
the Constitution. It is the duty of Congress, and
1 invoke the performance of that duty, to limit and
control the discretion of the President in relation
to the further prosecution of the war. If' Congress
believes it to be expedient and just to wage a war
of conquest for the acquisition of territory, let that
fact be declared; and if Congress believes it to be )
inexpedient, let it assert the constitutional right of
the legislative branch of the Government, by say- I
ing to the President, " Thus far shalt thou go, and |
no farther." If Congress shall decide for a war of j
conquest, though I may be individually opposed ,
to it, all the support in my power shall be given to ;
my country; but I confess that I could not but en- i
tertain the belief that my country had chosen a j
career which must lead to disastrous results.
Mr. Chairman, I solemnly believe that the pres-
ent Administration has already brought upon this 1
nation manifold evils, which can only be remedied
by years of patriotic effort and wise administration; j
and I believe that the President is nowuriving this ;
republic into a position fraught with so much of
dangei to oui Union and liberty, lhathecan never ,
hope to be forgiven by the present or future ages, |
except by the exercise of that principle of chanty j
which actuated our Saviour, when he prayed for j
those who crucified him: "Father, forgive them, ;
they know not what they do." There is not, I be- i
liere, mind and patriotism in the Administration to j
comprehend and appreciate the alarming dangers j
into which they are recklessly driving the republic. {
It is moral cowardice, when the great interests of j
the repubiicare m peril, to shut our eyes and shrrnk i
from a contemplation of the dangers with which j
wc are threatened. A learned and profound j
French author, in speculating upon our institu- I
fions, remarks: "The most formidable of all the j
' evils which threaten the future existence of the j
' Union, arises from the presence of a black popu- [
Marion upon its territory; and in contemplating
' the causes of the present embarrassments, ctr of |
' the future dangers of the United .States, the ob- !
' server is invariably led to consider this as a pri-
' mary fact." Our experience conforms with the ,j
opinion of the author tiom whom I have quoted.
The existence of slaveiy m a poition of the States ' I
of this Union, was a disturbing element in the con- "
vention which formed the Constitution of the United
States, and a very great obstacle to its formation.
Fortunately there weie patriotism and wisdom
sufficient to overcome the obstacle then. When
Missouri applied for admission into the Union,
tins difficulty again presented itself, more formi-
dably than before. It arrayed the nation in sec-
tional parties, which, with passions and prejudices
violently inflamed, struggled for mastery, until
the intensity and force of that struggle shook
the Union to its deepest foundations. At vaiious
periods of our history, since that time, the same
cause has interrupted the fraternal feelings between
the different sections of the Union, and balefully
disturbed the harmony of our legislation. The
annexation of Texas to the Union, which added a
large territory to that section of the Union in which
slavery exists, thereby changing the relative poli-
tical strength of the slaveholdnig and non-slave-
holding States, has, to a considerable extent, re-
quickened and revitalized this disturbing element.
This fact was developed at the last session of Con-
gress, when an honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Wilmot]—the bill appropriating two
millions of dollars to enable the President to nego-
tiate a treaty with Mexico being under considera-
tion—moved an amendment, which teas adopted by
the House, providing that slavery should never be
permitted m any territory which the United States
might acquire fiom Mexico. Pie must be blind to
all the signs of the times who does not perceive
that theie is a fixed and almost universal determi-
nation in the INorthetn States not to acquiesce in
a further extension of territory without attaching
to such extension the prohibition to which I have
referred. How shall we overcome this difficulty,
when the question shall come before Congress
permanently to annex the conquests of the iJievi-
dent r We have already seen, by a vote of this
House, that the non-slaveholdmg States will insist
upon prohibiting slavery in those territories. Will
the Southern States consent to the admission of free
States south and west of Texas ? What will Texas
say? VV hat will Louisiana say ? What wdl the
whole South say? All the dangers growing out
of this question of slavery, which we have met and
overcome heretofore, are as nothing compared with
those which will arise when that question shall
come up as the consequence of Mr. Polk's con-
quests and annexations.
Mr. Chairman, in my opinion, there are bad
men in the North and the South, who desire a dis-
solution of the Union, and who, without avowing
their object, are laboring diligently to produce that
end. The President is driving the ship of state into
a most stormy and dangerous sea; and if Congress
fails to act in the lofty spirit of patriotism which the
occasion demands—if it fails to assert the constitu-
tional rights and perform the constitutional duties
which properly belong and attach to the legislative
branch of the Government, by putting a hunt to
executive discretion in the fui (her prosecution of
this war with Mexico, in my opinion the day is
not distant when it will require all the virtue,
intelligence, and patriotism of the country, to pie-
serve the Union, and save the public liberty.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. A. KENNEDY,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
December lfi, 1846,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, oil the resolutions fo refer the President's
Message to the various standing committees.
Mr. KENNEDY said:
Mr. Chairman: I shall not stop, like the gen-
tleman who pieceded me, to inform the committee
what my intentions have been as to addressing
them or the House, for the reason that 1 suppose
it is not material or interesting. But if I under-
stood the gentleman rightly, he has spoken for the
sole purposeof bringing himself under thedenunci-
ations of the President, as uttered in his late mes-
sage. Does the gentleman mean to say that he
speaks for the purpose of giving " aid and comfort
to the enemy"? Against such, only, are the de-
nunciations of the message hurled.
[Mr. Gentry. Does the gentleman attribute
such a position to me ?
Mr. Kennedy. X understood the gentleman to
express a desire to bring himself under the range
of the President's denunciations.
Mr. Gentry. Yes, for the purpose of showing
that I despised and scorned them.
Mr. Kennedy. I am perfectly willing to give
the gentleman the benefit of all desired explana-
tions". For although he has shown great zeal and
earnestness in advocating the cause of his country's
enemies, yet certainly he has shown as great a
want of tact. The Mexican Government may
have, on this floor, men of greater talent than
they have in the field at home; yet, after all, they
want the tact. If———
Mr. Gentry. The gentleman 
The Chairman. Does the gentleman yield the
floor?
Mr. Kennedy. Oh, certainly, for explanation.
Mr. Gentry. I suppose the gentleman has a
right to arrive at his own conclusions; but when
he assumes that I am giving " aid and comfort"
to the enemy, he jumps to conclusions which have
no foundation in fact. And 
Mr. Kennedy. 1 assume nothing 
The Chairnan. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has the floor for explanation.
Mr. Gentry. If he means that giving " aid
and comfort" to the enemy is to express the belief
that in certain circumstances our liberties are more
endangered by an usurping Piesident than by one
thousand well-appointed invading armies, I am
giving "aid and comfort." I am upholding the
(Constitution of my country by refusing to yield it
up to an usurper and his servile adulators. If I
assumed any other position at this time, I should
be preparing the way to make my country as de-
graded, low, and infamous, as is Mexico.]
Mr. Kennedy. Without stopping at this time
to show the total absence of any grounds for this
philipic against the President for usurping power
in the prosecution of the Mexican war, or to show
with what contempt all intelligent men, at home
and abroad, look upon this silly effort at hiding
from the just indignation due to " moral treason,"
I will only say, that if the gentleman means to put
himself in the position which a fair construction
of his language implies, then, indeed, has he ail
the courage for which he gives himself credit.
The biting, withering scorn, always visited by
a virtuous people upon the very memory of a man-
guilty of moral tieason against the country that
gives him protection and position, is, indeed, fear-
ful; and the man who could court it, I should think
neither fears God nor man.
The gentleman commences his tirade by a mo3t
vehement denunciation of the President and his
friends. Tile language which he uses is such as
I scarcely know how to reply to, without letting
myself down to the gutter in which such language
is found. He charges the President with being a
liar! INow, although I feel myself above replying
in terms to such language, I will venture to suggest
that the gentleman, in this assertion, has invited
the world to decide that he is guilty of the charge
made against the President. The gentleman also
throws himself' into attitudes, accompanied with
grimaces, how dignified, I leave for those who
saw him to determine, in order to represent the
seivihty, as he is pleased to call it, with which
the Democrats approach the Executive of the
nation. Feeling myself totally incapable of ap-
proaching any mortal man with servility, I will
not charge on him a capacity for such servility,
leading him to suspect others of its practice; but
I will say, that if the world should judge him with
half the rigor he has judged us, the world would
be authorized to say, that his present unpatriotic
position towards his own Government grows
rather out of las servility to the views of a certain
great Senator, (as lately expressed in the Chinese
Museum m Philadelphia,) than from what he has
learned from his patriotic constituents of the no-
ble State of Tennessee. But he complains that the
Piesident, in his message, has warned the people
against those who have been so far forgetful of
their duty to themselves, to their country, and then-
God, as to give aid and comfort to the enemy, by
attempting to balk and thwart the Government in
its honest efforts to prosecute the existing war to
a speedy and honorable peace. Well, had not the
President a right, nay, was it not his tluly, to do
so? Had not falsehood, fraud, and crime, been
imputed to the Government, in the declaration and
prosecution of this war? And is the President,
and those who think and act in this matter with
him, to be tonguetied ? Is the freedom of speech
and of the press confined, in this country, to those
who libel the Government, and slander the persons
who, for the time being, administer its affairs?
Well may gentlemen on the other side, who have
commenced this war of words, wince under the
return blow, and cry out that they wish to be
sheltered from the moral (reason, which their words
imply, by the plea of freedom of speech. Take
the fieedom of speech, gentlemen, m all its pleni-
tude; but do not, I pray you, whine like whipped
spaniels, if you should have ministered to you a
dose of your own drugs.
What a spectacle does this Congress present to
the woild! During the last session, Congress,
with a unanimity rarely acquired, declared, by a
solemn enactment, that war existed between this
Government and the republic of Mexico, brought
on by the wholly unjustifiable acts of Mexico.
Fifty thousand volunteers, with ten millions of
dollciis, were placed at the disposal of the Execu-
tive, with a command to carry on and carry out
this war in a manner that would teach that infatu-
ated people that, in future, they must treat this
Government with that justice and that decorum
which we had a right to expect from all nations,
and especially from a nation with whose insults
we had so long forborne. And it will not do for
the gentlemen who voted for this war, to say that
they voted for it for the purpose of extricating
General Taylor and his glorious little army from
the perilous position which he was then sup-posed
to occupy. You knew, gentlemen—we all knew,
that before the means that we could send to his
aid could, by any possibility, reach him, he would
have extricated himself, as lie most nobly did, or
he was entirely annihilated. No, gentlemen; I fear
