1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
29th Cong 2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Morehead.
Senate.
which is more likely, you will sink yourselves and
your very names to that infamy which rflways
overtakes those who aie capable of sacrificing their
country to self, and sinking the patriot into the
partisan.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
SPEECH OF WR. MOREHEAD,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Senate, JUtigust 10, 1846.*
The bill to provide for the satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations on their prop-
erty, committed by the French, prior to the rati-
fication of the convention with France of Sep-
tember 30, 1800, being under consideration—
Mr. MOREHEAD rose and said:
I rise, Mr. President, to continue the discussion
of the bill before the Senate, with feelings of much i
more than ordinary concern. The peculiar nature I
of the claims to which it refers; the tune that has j
elapsed since they originated; the manifest injus- j
tice which, if they aie well founded, lias been j
done to the owners of them, by so long a post- j
ponement of their payment; above all, the private
suffering which that postponement has occasioned, >
not alone by the sickness of the heart which arises |
from hope deferred, but by reason of the pecu-
niary destitution which has attended it,—all these
considerations have impressed me with a deep
sense of our obligation to give an answer to the
petition of the mcmoiialists, and settle their claims
at once and forever. No duty, it does seem to me,
is more imperative upon us, than that of deciding j
promptly upon appeals made by our fellow-citi- J
zens to our justice. If the beneficence of a Gov-
ernment is apparent in any one thing more than
another, it is in the fidelity with which its engage-
ments are performed, and the amphtudewith which
it dispenses its justice to those who are entitled to |
it. ' |
For very near half a century, these unfortunate i
claimants have been supplicating Confess for re- '
dress, without having been able to obtain a final |
decision, either favorable or adverse, to their cause, j
They have presented themselves befoieyou, not ;
in the confidence of their own strength alone, but
supported by evidence of high officers of the Gov- ;
ernment; by acts and acknowledgments of the j
Government itself; by repoits of committees ofj
both Houses of Congress; and they come before
you now, strengthened and upheld by decided ma-
jorities, on more than one occasion, of the recorded
votes of the Senate. Surely it will be conceded,
that it is high time some disposition was made of
their application for relief. Surely it will be con-
ceded, that forty-five years is a period of time suf-
ficiently protracted, to enable the Congress of the
United States to examine and decide upon the va- j
lidity or invalidity of their demands. Whatever, ;
therefore, may be our final determination, even if
our sense of justice shall not be satisfied, I trust we
will show our mercy to the paities, by making a
final disposition of their claims. If they are with-
out merit, let us tell them so, and reject them.
But if they are well founded; if good faith requiies
that they should be satisfied; if the liability of the
Government is clear and indisputable, let us acquit
ourselves at once, nnd in a becoming spirit, of our
high obligations, and award the relief which has
been so long and so fruitlessly sought.
I have heard that an objection has been taken to
the satisfaction of these claims, because, for the
most part, they have ceased to belong to the origi-
nal owners, and have been purchased by capital-
ists for purposes of speculation. Personally, I
have but little information upon this point. Du-
ring a very brief service on the Committee on For-
eign Relations, opportunities occurred to me of
forming acquaintance with some of the claimants,
and those t found to be either widows or fiduciary
representatives of the original holders, in reduced
and straitened circumstances. My information is,
'that only a few of the claims are m the hands of
strangers, and that those, in general, have been
pledged for the security of debts. Perhaps a very
sufficient reason for their not having been disposed
* This speech was delivei ed at the first session of the 29th
Congress, but was not written out in tune to be inserted in
the Appendix for that session.
of, may be found in the unwonted delay of their j
recognition and adjustment by the Government, !
and their consequent want of credit. But suppose j
they have been sold, and acquired by speculators, !
can any Senator show how the obligation of the 5
Government, if otherwise unquestionable, can be i
thereby affected ? Is its liabiiity extinguished— j
nay, is it in the most remote degree diminished, !
in consequence of a change of ownership, or in j
consequence of the character or pursuit of the sub- j
sistmg holder ? I am very sure that such an argu- \
ment will not be relied on.
it is impossible to discuss the subjects embraced !
by the bill under consideration, without being com- i
pelied to recur, at the very outset, to some of the j
most deeply interesting passages in our history, ;
and especially to that event, ccrtainly one of the !
most conspicuous, when Fiance became, not alone i
the ally of the feeble and struggling colonies, but, '
what was and is much more important, when she :
stipulated, in terms the most solemn and impos-
ing recognised among nations in their mtercouise
with each other, to guaranty to the United States j
their liberty, sovereignty and independence, abso- [
lute and unlimited, against all the Powers of the ■
earth forever. With that event, and at that point
of time, I propose to commence the discussion of ;
the merits of these claims. j
My honorable friend from Delaware [Mr. J. M. :
Clayton] has presented this whole subject to the -
Senate with such "a provoking fulness of illus- •
tration and analysis," that it is extremely difficult i
to follow him, without trespassing upon ground j
already most advantageously appropriated by him. !
I use the word trespass m its strictly technical ;
sense, for the Senate will bear witness, that he i
maintained his position with such distinguished I
ability and success, as to render the ground he oc- !
cupied exclusively his own. It will be my en- ;
deavor, therefore, to avoid, as far as I may find it
practicable, a repetition of anything that fell from j
him, either as argument or as deductions from i
facts. The facts themselves, and the documents ■
to support them, in common with, him, 1 shall ,
freely use.
Mr. President, on the 6th of February, 1778, a 1
liuuty of alliance was made between the United
States and France. By the eleventh aiticle of that '
treaty, " the two parties guaranty mutually for ;
1 the present and forever, against all other Powers, 1
'to wit: the United States to his most Christian j
4 Majesty, the present possessions of the Crown I
4 of France in America, as well as those it may ac- 1
' quire by the future treaty of peace; and his most I
'Christian Majesty guaranties to the United:
4 States, their libei tv, sovereignty and indepen- !
4 dence, absolute and' unlimited, as well in matters i
* of ^oveinment as commerce, and, also, their pos- j
4 sessions, and the additions or conquests that their I
1 confederation may obtain daring the war, from j
4 any of the dominions now or heretofore possessed j
'by Gicat Britain in North America." And it |
was provided by the 12th article that the reciprocal |
guarantee should have full force and effect the |
moment war should break out between France ;
and England. i
The treaty throughout had reference to mutual ;
aid and cooperation against a common enemy, j
Neither party was authorized to conclude either a [
truce or peace with Great Britain without the |
formal consent of the other, and arms were not to j
be laid down until the independence of the United ,
States was secured. i
Such, in substance, were the terms of that cele-
brated alliance, which gave assurance to the world
of the independence of our country.
"The treaty" it was insisted by the Senator
from JNew York, [Mr. Dix.] "was, in its main
4 stipulations, conditional, eventual, prospective.
'Conditional on the event of a luptuie between
4 France and Great Britain; or, if such rupture
' should not take place, then on the termination of
'the war between Great Britain and the United
'States."
That the fulfilment of the obligations imposed
by it depended on the contingencies referred to by
the honorable Senator, I have no difficulty in ad-
mitting; but the correctness of the proposition, that
because it was eventual, it was intended to be con-
fined to the knowledge of the parties, until the
events happened on which the contingency de-
pended, is not quite so clear.
" The treaty of alliance," the Senator observed,
44 was not designed to be made public, and when
4 the Congress of the United States, 4 in a moment
4 of exultation,' as Marshall, in Ins Life of Wash-
4 ingtori, says, published it with the treaty of amity
4 and commerce, which was an open treaty, the
4 publication was not approved by the cabinet of
4 Versailles; and he (Marshall) adds, 'that treaty
4 being only eventual, ought not to have been com-
' municated to the public but by mutual consent.5 "
But, continued the Senator, "the condition on
4 which it depended was soon fulfilled, and France
4 became involved in our contest for indepen-
dence."
Now, sir, will the Senator from New York allow
me, with great deference, to say, that I think he
has made the most of the authority on which he
relies? The language of Marshall is, that the pub-
lication of the treaties was 4'a circumstancc which,
not without cause, was disapproved of by the cabi-
net of Versailles." He does not speak of the
extent of the disapprobation; but, although he had
so spoken—although he had said that the act of
the American Congress had given great offence to
France, still there is good reason to believe that
there was some mistake concerning the fact.
" The despatches," savs, Martial),k< containing tiie trea-
ties, wi-ie loceivrd by the President of Congies*. on Satin day,
the second of May, 1778, after Congress had adjourned
That body wa- immediately-convened, the despatches were
opencl, and theii jojl'ul comentscoinmunirat'-'d. On Mon-
day the treaties were ratified by an unanimous vote."
The embassy that concluded the treaties was
composed of Dr. Franklin, Mr. Silas JDeane, and
Mr. Arthur Lee. From the Journal of the latter
(Life of Arthur Lee, vol. I, p. 399) I take the fol-
lowing extracts:
"March 5, (1778.)—Dr. F. then stated to Mr.Gerard (one
of the Fi enoh Ministers,) taut the Commissioners, con&ideimg
all circumstances*, were of opinion that the immediate publi-
cation of the tientv would be of groat advantage, both in pie-
venting the acceptance of the pm positions from England, and
in anaehin^ America decidedlj to Fiance. IJoth Dr. F. and
Mi D- picked the advantage*, that it would give, in pie-
"ventunr Holland from contnbutinjz to the English loan, and
promoting that of America u and that the effect of it might
possibly be that the Eri^h^h would find themselves obliged
to acc< de to the independent*;', from their inability to sus-
tain a war asamst the united powers of the iiou>.c of Bour-
bon dud ihe Staler of America, and tin; war would be ended
at once " <kMr. Gerard said that the publication of the
treaties wa« now under deliberation among his Majesty's
seivam*. That the great objection was, the uncertainty fo
itf being ratified by Congress. For, if they should publish it
in Europe, and it should be rejected in America, it would
subieet France to infinite disgiaee, and probably occasion a
mortal enmity between the two people." '• The Commis-
sioners all agreed that there was not the least reason to ap-
prehend Congiess would reject the treaty, unless the want
of intelligence should have laid them under other engage-
ment-?. Mr. Gerard profiwod himself much satisfied with
this a-sura*iee,and promised toiepoitthereasonsand desire
of the Commiwoneis, which he did not doubt would have
great weight with the Council."
I do not perceive from the same journal, that
the subject was at any time renewed.
But I have it in my power to refer to an author-
ity so conclusive as to remove all doubt. In a
very learned and elaborate history of the law of
nations, of which an eminent American jurist, re-
cently in the deplomatic service of the United
States, is the author—-I mean Mr. Wheaton—that
distinguished gentleman, referring to the two trea-
ties of alliance and of commerce of 1778 with
France, thus speaks: 44 The French court notified
' these treaties to that of Great Britain, and sought
4 to Justify their formation by alleging that the
4 United States were de facto in possession of the
4 independence they had declared." The notice
was given m March, 1778, near two months before
the ratification of them by the colonial Congress.
And, now, let us look for a moment to the atti-
tude which, in this great movement, the respective
parties occupied. Sir, France was the chief and
only responsible agent. The colonies were in no
condition to stipulate terms with the Power to
whom they applied for cooperation and alliance.
With a firmness of purpose which nothing could
shake, inspired by the justice of their cause, but.
without arms, ammunition, money, resources, or
credit, they had engaged, single-handed and alone,
with a great and powerful enemy, in a desperate
conflict, on the success of which, in all human pro-
! babihty, hung the last hopes of the friends ot'fiee-
1 dom throughout the world. Wiicn,underthese cir-
j cumstances, France consented to become our ally,
1 we may well indulge the agreeable supposition that
' she lost .sight entirely of the benefits to be derived
