64
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Aug. 10,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Morehead.
Senate.
from reciprocal engagements, and looked alone to
what the treaty declared to be the essential and,
direct end of the alliance—the liberty, sovereignty
and independence of the United States. Of what
practical avail to her, would have been ten times
the number of such guarantees as were incorpo-
rated on our part into the treaty? What to her
was the pledge of the colonies to assure to his
most Christian majesty the then subsisting pos-
sessions of the Crown of France in America.''
Whence did the colonial confederation derive abili-
ty to conform to treaty stipulations, requiimg,
besides fleets and armies, the revenues and re-
sources of a strong and well-organized Govern-
ment ? No, sir. France stood alone in the glory
of an alliance, so novel ill its purposes—so full of
benefit to mankind. She was then at peace with
England. But it is not only certain that both par-
ties contemplated a war between France and Eng-
land as a consequence of the annunciation of the
treaty : it is equally certain that the treaty rendered
that war inevitable. Accordingly it did come; and
it exhibited in its progress, m the sacrifice of sev-
eral French islands in the West Indies, a forcible
illustration of the value of the colonial guaranties, i
In a proper time after the date of tKe alliance, j
France threw herself, with the characteristic ardor j
and enthusiasm, of her people,into the American J
contest for independence. She made that contest j
her own. She furnished ships of war and armies. ]
She contributed money, the sinews of war. Ihe 1
sum expended bv her for our benefit was stated 1
by the Senator from Delawaie to have amounted
to 1,440,000,000 of hvres, equal to ^56,000,000 of
dollars. (Jefferson's Works, 1, p. 57.) And yetby
what magnanimity—1 will not say disinterested-
ness, but by what singular magnanimity—was
her whole conduct towards us distinguished? I
will detain the Senate with a single illustration.
In a letter dated Passy, October 2,1780, four months
subsequent to the arrival in the United States of
the French army under Rochambeau, Doctor
Franklin writes to Mr. Jay:
" At length I got over a reluctance that was almost invin-
cible, and made another application to the Government liftv
for more money. 1 drew up and presented astute oi'deMi and
nevvlv-expected demand*, and requested its aid to e\lricat«*
me. Judging from >out U'tteis that you were not likely to
obtain anything considerable youi couit, 1 put down
in my estimate the twenty-five thousand dollar* diavvri upon
vou.'wirh The same sum diawn upon me, a* what would
pioimbly <*ome to me for puvment. I have new the pleas-
ure to acquaint you tiia' m\ nicmonal was received hi Ihe
kindest and mo-'t friendly maimci, and though the eouit
here is not without it" emb.unwmcrits on account of
money, I wa« told to m:ike myself e;i--y, for that I should
be assisted with what was neee^saty. Mr. Searle arnvina
about this and assunng me there had bi-en a plentiful
hatvest and gieat crop* of all kinds; that the Congress bad
demanded of the seveial States contributions in produce,
winch would be eliect fully tiiven ; that they would theie-
foie have plenty of provision* to (h pose of; and I being much
pleaded <vith the generous behavior ju-t experime. d, pre-
sented another paper, pit.po-ing, in oulot to ea-c the Gov-
ernment here, winch had been fo willing to eas-e us, that
the Confess might fuimsh then aimv in Ameiica with p.o-
vi*ion<;, m prut of payment tor the services lent ua. Tins
proposition, f wa^ told, was well taken; but it being eonsid-
fied that the States having the enemy 111 then countiy, and
obliged to make £reat expenses tor the pie-?ent eampaiwn, tne
furiiishnm so much provisions as the French aimy mi-iht
need, might straiten and he inconvenient to the Congress,
Ins Majesty did not at this tune think it right to accept the
offer. You will not wonder (add<s Doctor Franklin) at
iny loving tins good Punce: be will win the hearts of ail
Ameuca."—(Life of Jay, vol. II., p. 62.)
►Sir, 1 have no comment to make on so agreeable
a reminiscence; and I should not have considered
it necessary perhaps to allude to the motives that
prompted the interposition of the French monarch
jn our behalf, if the Senator from New York had j
not deemed it "due to the impartiality of history
4 to say that the Government of France was not so
' cleat iy actuated by the purely disinterested rao-
* tives which had been ascribed to her." I am
not about to contend, m opposition to that honor-
able gentleman, that <e disinterestedness and gene-
rosity" are "the virtues of governments;" but I
cannot concur in the opinion so broadly expressed
by him, that " the whole history of our negotia-
4 tions with France in 1777, showed that she had
* her own interest in view in the part she took in
* our stru^srle for independence;" that "she came
4 to our aid, not because she thought us in the
4 depths of distress, but in the hour of victory,
4 when our triumph seemed no longer doubtful;"
and that ®4 unless the testimony of ail history is to
* be discarded, these treaties, but for the successes
4 of 1777, might never have been foimed."
In the spring of 1780, the Marquis de la Fayette
returned to the United States from a visit to
France, bringing with him the gratifying mtelu-
o-ence that the French King had determined to
employ a considerable land-and naval armament
in the United States for the campaign of that
year. Accordingly, in the ensuing month of July,
ihe French army, under the Count de Rocham-
beau, landed at Newport, in Rhode Island. Ihe ,
gladsome influence of this auspicious event was ,
instantly diffused throughout the colonies, and was 5
felt in the reinvigoration of energies which had ;
been, to a considerable extent, enfeebled by tne j
war. It was not long before the combined armies
common danger, they united themselves together
in a common cause, and Fiance—because she was
republican France—found herself beleaguered by
foes. If such was the aspect of her political af-
fairs, her maritime interests were no less materi-
ally assailed and endangered. Viewed as an out-
law as well on the ocean as the land, her commerce
became the prey of the affiliated nations, and a
settled determination existed to starve her into
submission to the authority of her kings. At the
close of the year 1792, she was at war with Aus-
tria, Prussia, Sardinia, and the Netherlands, and
Russia and Great Britain had withdrawn their
Ministers from the French Court. Secretly a party
to the coalition formed against France by the treaty
of Pilnitz in the year 1791, Great Britain became
commenced their operations;
"And God was with them in full many a field. --    j ■ , ,
!i=£
! little more than a year after the arrival of the
i French troops. The peace of 1783 embraced all
1 the belligerant parties; and the liberty, sovereignty,
| and independence of the United States were tully
j consummated. It remains only to add, that the
j French Islands, which had been taken during the
* war, weie restored by the treaty.
France had now fulfilled her pledges. She had
performed all, and more than all, that devolved on
her by the treaty of alliance. Under Him, and
next to Him, who presides over the destinies of |
nations, we were indebted to France for the 1
triumph of our cause; and now, for the first time,
the United States were in a condition to feel the
full force of the obligations which the stipulations
of the treaty imposed upon them. Besides those
obligations, heavy and responsible as they were,
there were others attaching to the United States,
as well as to France, of a character so interesting
and important, as not to be lost sight of m this dis-
cussion.
Sir, on the same 6th of February, 1/78, on
I which the treaty of alhancc bears date, a treaty ot
amity and commerce was concluded between the ,■
United States and France. By the only articles j|
which are important to be referred to in this dis- ;•
cussion, it was mutually stipulated that vessels of [i
war belonging to the one Power should give con-jj
voy to, and defend and protect the merchantmen
of the other going the same route, in the same ij
j it might almost be said that France, m her single
| person, stood opposed to the combined power of
i the monarchies of Europe, engaged in a desperate
j attempt to exterminate her new political institutions.
I The motives for this combination, as avowed by
the Emperor of Germany and the King of Prussia-
m a manifesto against the French Revolution, bear,
ing date the 4th of August, 1792, were, " to pre-
' serve social and political order among all polished
4 nations;" "to rescue a numerous nation from its
' own fury; to preserve Europe from the return of
| ' barbarity, and the universe from that subversion
' 4 and anarchy with which it was threatened."—
I (Annual Register for 1792, part 2, j). 289.) So
j direful were the consequences of establishing upon
! the ruins of thrones and kingdoms the institutions
| of a popular government!
j Sir, in this great effort to extricate herself from
! the perils of her condition, there can be no doubt
j that France carried with her the cordial sympathies
| of the people of the United States. But she was
I entitled to something more substantial than syni-
| pathy at our hands. From the moment of the
breaking out of hostilities between Franco and
England, the Government of the United States
stood pledged to the fulfilment of the stipulations
of the treaties of 1778. Was neutrality oil our
part one of these stipulations? No, sir: tar, very
far from it. The very first article of the treaty of
alliance declared that in case of war between
France and England, the causc was to be common
manner thev ought to protect and defend their - . 0
-  and each party was to restore them when l! between France and the United States.
captured m its jurisdiction; that free ships made i!
fiee goods; that there should be perfect liberty of |
commerce with an enemy's port, with all articles, |
except contraband, and articles of contraband were ;
restricted to the list contained in the treaty; that ij
the right of seaich should consist alone of an in- ji
spection of the slup's papers, the tenor of which
was set forth in the treaty; that even in case of j
contraband articles being found, their forfeiture j
should not affect the ship, or the rest of the cargo, j'
and that such articles were not to be taken out j
before condemnation, without consent; that ships !l
of war and privateers of the one Power, with their j;
prizes, should be received in the ports of the other, ij
and allowed to depart, without paying any duties; i
but no shelter was to be given to vessels of the ji
enemy, having made prize of the propeity of such i
Power, who should be forced, if they came in by ji
stress of weather, to depart as soon as possible;
that a ship or privateer of an enemy of one Power j
should not be permitted to refit in the ports of the |:
other, nor to sell their prizes, and should not even ||
be permitted to take provisions, except what might |j
be necessary to carry them to the next port of their ] i
own nation. !
Such were the relations subsisting between the !
Governments of the United Statesaud France; such ,
the obligations resting upon each by the treaties j
Early in April, 1793, Martirueo was taken pos-
session of by the British; and during the next yeal-
most of the French possessions in the West Indies
were captured by the land and naval forces of
Great Britain. Thelanguageofrhetreatyof alliance
was: "The United States guaranty to his most
Christian Majesty the present possessions of the
Crown of France in America." And in order that
there might be no doubt of the sense and applica-
tion of this stipulation, the contracting parties de-
clared, that " in case of a rupture between France
and England," the guarantee should have its full
force and effect the moment such war should break
out. In view of the consideration on which the
guarantee was founded, I desire now to say that,
n my opinion, no more sacred obligation ever de-
volved upon a nation than that which was imposed
upon the United States to perform the guarantee
to the letter. If anything could have increased the
weight of that obligation—if anything could ha\e
enhanced the merit of the original consideration—
it was the fidelity and zeal with which France had
performed her part of the compact, at a period of
peril to our liberties similar to that which now
menaced hers.
Mr. President, the rupture between France and
England took place in January, 1793. Imme-
diately on its occurrence, it became necessary for
the Government of the United States to determine
of 1778, when that great event took place which ;i ui uit uui™ ™
convulsed Europe to its centte—I mean the French | upon the course which a just regard to its position
— . ^ i i • i. ,i.  i._±:  ' U~ll vonmrorl if tn ndnrit
Revolution. Sir, the change which that revolution
produced in the aspect of political affairs on that j
continent, has not yet ceased to excite the aston
towards the belhgerants required it to adopt.
Whilst, on the one hand, we were pressing the
Fiench Government with complaints of violation*
ishment of mankind. The minds of men were ji of our rights, as a neutral and friendly nation—of
utteily bewildered by the transition of scenes and ! aggressions upon our commerce, as well by b rench
events so amazing as to defy belief on the one ij privateers as Government ships, and of the deten-
hand, and so rapid on the other, as to make the \\ tion of our vessels m the harbor of Bordeaux,
senses giddy to iook upon them. Monarchs trem-Sj that Government, on the other hand, demanded
bled upon itheir thrones when they witnessed a Ij from the United States a faithful compliance with
nation throwing off the incubus of arbitrary power, (i the treaty of commerce, which, it as vehemently
I and rising up with one accord to reclaim its long- M complained, had been disregarded by the Ameri-
1 lost rights of sovereignty. Roused by a sense of 11 can Government. Fully alive to the difficulties
