1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
65
29th Cong Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Morehead.
New Series No. 5.
of his situation, and deeply solicitous that the
conduct of his administration should be marked
by the most ri^id justice to France, to England,
and to the world, President Washington assembled
his constitutional advisers, and presented the whole
subject to them in the most imposing and solemn
manner. Several questions were submitted for
. their consideration and advice. The first was,
whether a proclamation should issue for the pur-
pose of preventing^ interferences of the citizens of
the United States in the war between France and
England ? Others were, whether the United States
were obliged, by good faith, to consider the treaties
heretofore made with France as applying to the
present situation of the parties; whether either might
renounce them, or hold them suspended, until the
Government of France should be established;
whether, if they were to be considered as then in
operation, the guarantee in the treaty of alliance
was applicable to a defensive war only,.or to war
either offensive or defensive; and whether the war
in which Franco was engaged appeared to be
offensive or defensive on her part, or of a mixed and
equivocal character? The Cabinet unanimously
agreed that a proclamation ought to issue, forbid-
ding the citizens of the United States to take part
in any hostilities on the high seas, with or against
any of the belligerent Powers.
With the same unanimity, they advised the
President to receive a minister from the French
Republic. But, "on the question respecting a
qualification to his reception," they entertained
different views. The Secretary of State, (Mr.
Jefferson,) and the Attorney General, (Mr. Ran-
dolph,) were of opinion that no cause existed for
departing, in the instance before them, from the
usual mode of acting on such occasions; that the
revolution in France had produced no change in
the relations between the two countries; that the
obligations created by preexisting treaties re-
mained the same; and that there was nothing in
the alteration of the Government, or in the char-
acter of the war, which could impair the right of
France to demand, or weaken the duty of the
United States faithfully to comply with, the en-
gagements which had been solemnly formed. The
Secretaries of the Treasury and of War (Mr.
Hamilton and Mr. Knox) were of opposite opin-
ions. Even admitting, in its fullest latitude, they
said, the right of a nation to change its political
institutions, according to its own will, they denied
its right to involve other nations, absolutely and un-
conditionally, in the consequences of the changes
it might think proper to make. They maintained
the right of a nation to absolve itself from the
obligations even of real treaties, when such a
change of circumstances takes place in the interna!
situation of the other contracting party, as so
.essentially to alter the existing state of things
that it may, with good faith, be pronounced to
render a continuance of the connexions which
result from them disadvantageous and dangerous.
They thought, in view of the engagements be-
tween the two nations, and especially of the clause
of guarantee, the character of the French Revolu-
tion, and the immense force which had armed
against that republic, there was much reason to
fear, whatever might be the issue of the contest,
that a continuance of the close relations which the
United States had formed with Fiance would, in
consequence of this new state of things, prove
dangerous to the safety of the United States.
They were* therefore, of opinion, not that the trea-
ties should be annulled, or absolutely suspended,
but that the United States should reserve for future
consideration and discussion the question, whether
the operation of those tieaties ought not to be
deemed temporarily and provisionally suspended.
On the question respecting the application of the
clause of guarantee to the war between France
and England, a difference of opinion also existed.
The Secretary of State and the Attorney General
perceived no necessity for deciding it; still, the
Secretaries of the Treasury and of War were of
opinion that the treaty of alliance was plainly
defensive, and that the clause of guarantee did not
apply to a war which, having been commenced by
France, must be considered as offensive on the pan
of that Power,—(MarshalVs Washington^ vol. 5, pp.
403—406.)
These were the views presented to President
Washington by the respective members of his
Cabinet on the main question submitted by him
for their consideration. Whether the treaty of
alliance was offensive or defensive, it is, perhaps,
not very material at this moment to inquire; for in
either event, the clause of guarantee was unques-
tionably imperative upon the United States, if the
ivar, in point of fuel, ivas defensive on the part of
France.
The proposition of Mr. Hamilton and Mr.
Knox was, that the war between France and Eng-
land, having been commenced by France, was
offensive on her part, and, therefore, that the Uni-
ted States were under no treaty obligations to
make common cause with her in its prosecution.
I dispute the proposition, and maintain that
England was the aggressor in that war, and conse-
quently that the ccrnts fiederis had arisen, which I
devolved upon the United States the obligation to !
perform the guarantee of the treaty of alliance. I
Mr. President, if there be truth in history, Eng- {
land instigated and commenced the war of 1793 I
against France. 1 have referred to her secret ac- |
cession to the coalition of Pilnitz in 1791. 1 have '
shown from the joint manifesto of the Emperor of ;
Germany and King of Prussia, in August, 1792, !
what were the purposes of those monarchs in their j
declaration of war against the French republic, i
ft should be borne in mind, that Great Britain |
was, at that period, in strict alliance with Prussia i
and Holland, defensive, probably, but susceptible,
as subsequent events proved, of a very liberal con-
struction.
I have also had occasion to observe, that after
the Revolution in Paris of the 10th August, 1792,
when the King of France was taken into custody
by authority of the National Convention, Great
Britain withdrew her Minister (Lord Gower) from
the French Court. This movement had a most
i significant tendency, and an important influence
' upon the then subsisting relations between the two
countries. It indicated very clcarly the belhgerant
motives of the British Government, and was the ;
first of a series of hostile acts which terminated in i
open collision. By the second ai tide of the treaty '
of 1786, between France and Great Britain, " it i
4 was concluded and agreed, that if, at any time, i
' there should arise any misunderstanding,"breach i
4 of friendship, or rupUire between the Crowns of .
' their Majesties," " the rupture should not be deemed
' to exist until the recalling or sending home of the re- j
' speclive ambassadors and ministers." The British I
Cabinet assigned no other reason for the recall of j
their Minister, than the captivity and imprisonment I
of Louis; oi, to adopt the language of Lord Gren- j
ville, (,Jlnnual Register, 1793, Stale Papers, 250,) i
u the unhappy events of the tenth of August." Jj
No violation of treaties, no national collision, none jl
of the ordinary causes of dissatisfaction and com- j
plaint occurring among nations in their intercourse j
with each other, superinduced the measure. The i
French National Convention had resolved upon a |
radical change in the government of France; and j
having, by the imprisonment of Louis, aimed a;!
blow at* the inviolability of kings, Great Britain
thought proper to take violent exception to so bold j
and decisive an act of the popular sovereignty.
Not only did she recall her Minister. The events
of the tenth of August were succeeded by other
acts of a still more aggressive character on the
part of the English. Government. It was provided |j
by the fourth article of the treaty of 2780, before 't
mentioned, that the subjects mid inhabitants of the ji
respective dominions of the two sovereigns should
have full liberty, freely and securely, without t
license or passport, general or special, by land or |
by sea, or any other way, to enter the kingdoms, !;
dominions, provinces, countries, islands, citics, ||
towns, ports, or territories whatsoever of either |i
sovereign, situated in Europe, and to return from !
them, to remain there, or to pass through the same, i'
and therein to buy and purchase, as they pleased, |
all thinas necessary for their subsistence and use; <\
and they were mutually to be treated with all kind- i
ncss and favor. And by the seventh article of the ;
same treaty, both nations were to enjoy all the benefits !
and privileges in navigation and commerce granted by ' i
either to the most favored nation. Notwithstanding !i
these provisions, an act of Parliament was passed
in the month of January, 1793, subjecting all
French citizens going to, or returning from, Eng-
land, to forms and restrictions equally inquisitorial
and oppressive, and utterly inconsistent with the
kindness and favor to winch, by the stipulations of
the treaty, they were entitled; and but a veiy short
time previous to the passage of this act, orders
were adopted by the King of Great Britain in
council, to prohibit the exportation of corn to
France, (Annual Register, 1793, p. 269,) and several
ships and vessels laden with that article and des-
tined for France, were ordered to be detained in
English ports, when, the exportation of it was freely
allowed to other countries,
These, it will be admitted, were acts of hostili-
ty, the motives and tendency of which cannot be
mistaken. In the moan time, the French Minister
remained at London, unrecognised, and with sus-
pended functions; and in thus leaving him there
after the recall of Lorefc Gower from Paris, the
French Government declared it to be their'belief
that they gave to his Britannic Majesty an un-
equivocal proof of the desire they had to remain in
good understanding with the British Court.—(Nvte
of M. Chaaveiin to Lord GrenviUe, 21th December,
1792, Jinn, Reg. 1793, State Papers, 248.)
Other demonstrations were offered by the Gov-
ernment of the [French republic to that of Great *
Britain of their pacific intentions and wishes. In
an official note of M. Lebrun, of the 4th of Janu-
ary, 1793, in reply to a communication of the pre-
vious 3Jst of December, the French Executive
Council repeated to the Minister of his Britannic
Majesty " the most express assurances of their
' sincere desire to maintain peace and harmony
* between France and England." " The senti-
' ments of the French nation toward the English,
' (they declared,) had been manifested, during the
' whole course of the Revolution, in so constant,
1 so unanimous a manner, that there could not
4 remain the smallest doubt of the esteem which it
' vowed to them, and of its desire to have them
''for friends. It is, then, with great reluctance
I ' that the republic would see itself forced to a rup-
! ' ture much more contrary to its inclination than
' ' its interest."
1 On the morning of the 2lst January, 1793, sen-
j tencc of death was pronounced by the French Con-
; vention on Louis XVJ,, and was carried into
i execution on the same day. On the 24th of the
i same month a note fiom Lord Grenville to M.
Chauvelin, the French Minister at London, an-
nounced to him that the character with which he
had been invested at the British Court, and the
functions of which had been so long suspended,
having entirely terminated by the "death of the
French King, he had no more any public character
theie. "The King can no longer," said Lord
Grenville, "after such an event, permit your
'residence here. His Majesty has thought fit to
< order that yon should retire from this kingdom
* within the term of eight days."
These measures were immediately followed by
others of a character yet more marked and une-
quivocal. On the 28th of January, a message was
communicated by the King to both Houses of Par-
liament, in which he said:
" His Majesty has given directions for laying before the
House of Commons copies of several papers winch have
been jeceiv<>d front M. Ciauvr-lm, late Minister Plenipo-
tentiary from the Mos-t Oliiistian King, by his Majesty's
Sccretuiy of State for foreign Affairs, and of the answers
returned th< reto; and likewise a copv of an order made by
his Majesty in council, and transmitted by his Majesty's
commands to the >aid M. Chauvelm, in consequcnce of the
account.'s of the atrocious act recently pcij.clralcd in Paris.
(i In the. present siutaiion of afhur-., In< MajfMj thinks it
indispensably noce^arv to make a further augmentation of
lu< fiims by'sea and land : and rehe< on the known aflection
and ze«il of'Hic Houm* of Commons to enable his Majesty to
t;tkc the most effectual measures in the pre>ent important
conjuncture, for maintaining the seemlty and rights of his
own dominion^ /or support inn his alliei, und for opposing
licui oj aggrandizement and amhiii m on the part of Franc.t,
uhieh'would be at all time- danaeious to the general inter-
ests of Europe, hut >>re peculiarly so when converted with the
jirojx'i^i.tioii of 'irr;ivhiih jcut to the violation of the
w&sV <t/< )C:1 duties, and are utterly subversive of the peace and
oirJrrmoj all vial society."—(Jinn, Reg., 1793, State Papers,
•22U.)
Sir, the tenor of this message, the relations of
Groat Britain with some of the continental Powers,
and the debates and proceedings in both Houses
of Parliament, leave no room for doubt as to the
be]lip ermit intentions of the British Cabinet. The
message proposed that the military and naval force
of thekingdom should be increased. One of the
avowed objects of the augmentation was the sup-
port of the allies of Great Britain in their wars against
the French Republic, Holland and Prussia were
