1846.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
29th Cong 2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Moreheud.
Senate.
were too unequivocal to leave a doubt that the French na-
tion arc constant in their friendship to us. The resolves of
their National Convention, the letter* of their Executive
Council, attest this truth, ?n terms which render it neces-
sary to seek in some other hypothesis the solution of Mr.
Genet's machinations against our peace and friendship."
"Lay the case, therefoip," he add* in conclusion, "im-
mediately before his Government; accompany it with assu-
rances, winch cannot be Wronger titan t ue, that our friend-
ship for the nation ts constant and unahatiinr," and illhat
after independence and self government, there is nothing we
more sincerely wish than perpetual friendship mth them. 
_ The resolves and decrees of th<*National Conven-
tion were indeed very unequivocal indications of
the friendship and partiality of the French Gov-
ernment towards the United States, I do not pro-
pose to enlarge upon them. The national archives |j
attest the fact fully. If* it happened that measures
were, at any time, resorted to by the French [!
authorities affecting materially the commerce of \\
American citizens, those measures weie either !j
abandoned when their effects were made known, I1
or assurances given of satisfactory indemnification.
A single instance, illustrative at once of.the severity
of the French policy and of the forbearance of
this Government, may not be unimportant in this
■connexion. On the 9th of May, 1793, a decree of
the convention declared that " the French ships of
4 war and privateers may arrest and bring into j
* the ports of the republic the neutral vessels which i;
4 should be laden wholly or in part, either with
4 articles of provisions belonging to neutral nations
4 and destined for an enemy's port, or with mer-
chandises belonging to an enemy," which mer-
chandises were declared to be lawful prize. Be-
yond doubt this decree was a violation of treaty
stipulations. The representations of the American
Minister to that effect were answered by a supple-
mentary decree of the 23d of May, declaring that
•American vessels were not included in its dispositions;
and in communicating the intelligence of this modi-
fication, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs
informed Mr. Morris that " he would there find
4 a new confirmation of the principles from i chick the
4 French people would never depart, with regard to
4 their good friends and allies, the United States of \ \
'•America." 'i
But on the ensuing 27th of July, the French !;
Convention revived the decree of the 9th of May, 'i
and American vessels bccame subject again to its
provisions. With the revival of the decree, the
remonstrances of Mr. Morns were renewed.
The explanatory communication of the French
Minister evinced the earnest solicitude felt by his
Government lespecting its influence upon our
commerce, and pledged that Government to the
payment of just indemnities for the injuries it had
produced. The proceeding was attributed by him
to the 44 most imperious circumstances," resulting
from 44 the extreme rigor with which the English '
* and other belligerent Powers treated all the neu-
4 tral vessels destined for France," which " put the
* republic to the painful necessity of arresting, by
4 way of reprisal, in such vessels, the provisions be-
4 longing to its enemies." "But you must be
1 satisfied," said M. Lc Brun to Mr. Morris, ,,
44 with the manner in which the request presented ji
4 by the American captains from Bordeaux has I
* been received. This fact, and several others of l!
4 the same kind, which had not escaped your atten- j
4 tion, must have convinced you that when the jmr- j
4 ticular circumstances of the republic permitted the !
4 Administration to favor your countrymen, it was S
' eager to give to them testimonies of the desire which it j
4 always had, of bringing nearer and nearer the citi- i
4 zens and the interests of the two countries" We !
4 hope," he continued, " that the Government of |
* the United States will attribute to their tiue cause ;
£ the abuses of which you complain." " It must j
4 perceive how difficult it is to contain, within just i
< limits, the indignation of our marines, and in j
(general of all French patriots, against a people |
4 who speak the same language and having the
4 same habits as the free Americans. The diffi-
4 culty of distinguishing our allies from our enemies
4 has often been the cause of offences committed
6 on board your vessels. Jill that the Jidministration
4 could do, is to order indemnification to those who
4 have suffered, and to punish the guilty.''—(lb. Doc., i
p. 69.)
It is important to observe in what manner this
forcible appeal was received and treated by the
American Government.
In his despatch to Mr. Jefferson of the 19th of
October, 1793, (lb. Doc., p. 74,) Mr. Morris thus
speaks:
"In Mr. Deforgnc's letter of the 14th, and the decree (of
the 9th May) which accompanied it, you will >eu the rea-
sons aligned for violating the treaty. You will see, aUo,
th it it was not fiom the difficulty of refuting them that I
dechned entering into the controversy. In effect, lie had
acknowledged and lamented to me the iiriptopnetv of the
decree; hut, unahle to prevail over a greater influence for
t'ie repeal of it, h.  n driven to the necessity of excu-mg a
step winch it is not possible to ju-tifv. There is no use in
arguing with those who are already convinced; and where
no good i-n to be expected, some evil may follow. I have,
theivfoie, only stated the question on its true ground, and
leave to you in Amenca to jn i-t on a rigid performance of
the treaty, or slide hack to the equal statu of unlettered
neutrality. Your ordeis wdi of course be given to mo,
according to the dc t •rniinanon which the President shall
take, and, until then, I hold the matter open."
Sir, the matter continued "to he held open."
The Government of the United States was m no
condition, if it had been disposed, to insist " on a j
rigid performance of the treaty,and no orders to \
that effect were given to Jtlr. Morris. Inasmuch os |
it might have happened that Franco would have
insisted upon the fulfilment of the articles of guar- I
antee, it became the Government of the United ]
States to be careful about asking indemnity for the j
breach of that provision of the commercial treaty '
which stipulated that free ships should make free I
goods. Whatever, therefore, may have been the ;
operation of the decree of the 9th of May upon our |
commerce, it is certain that it produced no breach |
in the friendship of the two nations. The Pleni-
potentiaries of the respective Governments were
withdrawn, and others substituted; but their inter-
course remained the same.
In the early part of the year 1794, Mr. Genet
was recalled, and his succcssor, Mr. Fauchet, who
arrived m February, brought with him assurances
that his Government strongly disapproved the con-
duct of ins predecessor. Shortly aftei wards, at
the request of the French Government, Mr. Mor-
ris was recalled also, and Mr. Monroe was ap-
pointed to succeed him. And now, sit, through-
out the year 1794, let us look to the dispositions
of the two Governments toward each other.
Up to the period which we have now reached,
neither the spoliations upon our commerce, nor the
embargo upon our vessels at Bordeaux, nor the
decree of the 9th May in regard to neutral ves-
sels, had produced any permanent alienation. But
a new and controlling motive to dissatisfaction
was about to be given to France, in the embassy
of Mr. Jay to England.
The instiuctions to Mr. Momoe bear date on
the 10th June, 1794. They disclose, first, the im-
portant fact, that the neutrality assumed by Gen-
eral Washington, and announced in his proclama-
tion of 22d April, 1793, was not unacceptable to
the French Government. " From Mr. Genet and
Mr. Fauchet we have uniformly learned," say the
instructions, 44that France did not desire m to de-
4 part from neutrality, and it mould have been wn-
' wise to have asked us to do otherwise: for our pons
4 are open to her prizes, while they are shut to ;
4 those of Great Britain-, and supplies of grain could '
4 not be forwarded to France with so much cer- |
4 tainty were we at war, as they can even now, '
4 notwithstanding the British instructions, (Orders j
' m Council;] and as they may be, if the demands j
4 to be made upon Great Britain should succeed. '
4 We have therefore pursued neutrality with faith- \
4 fulness." |
2d. We are next favored with a view of the ;
policy of the Government in respect to the trea- j
ties. " Should you be interrogated,'4 the instruc- j
tions proceed, 44 about the treaty of commerce, you i
4 may reply that it has never been proposed to
4 us by Mr. Fauchet. As to anything else concern- j
4 ing it, you will express yourself not to be in- .
' structed—it being a subject to be negotiated with i
' the Government here. j
44 In like manner, if a treaty of alliance, or if the ;
4 execution of the guarantee of the French islands, \
4 by force of arms, should be propounded, you s
4 will refer the republic of France to this side of j
4 the water. In short, it is expected, with a sure
* reliance on your discretion, that you will not
4 commit the United States by any specific decla-
£ rations, except where you are particularly in-
4 structed, and except, too, in giving testimony of our
4 attachment to their cause.^
3d. Besides being told il to remonstrate against
4 the embargo of Bordeaux and to urge satisfaction
4 for the sufferers," Mr. Monroe was directed " to
1 §*0 farther, and insist upon compensation for the. cop-
4 turn and spoliations of our property, and injuries to
4 the persons of our citizens by French cruisers.
4th. Lastly, the instructions declared, C4to re-
4 move all jealousy icith respect to Mr. Jay's mission
' to London, yon may say that he is positively forbidden
4 to weaken the engagements between this country and,
4 France. It is not improbable, that you will be
4 obliged to encounter, on this head, suspicions of
4 vatious kinds. But you mav declare the motives
4 of that mission to be, to obtain immediate compen-
4 saltan for our plundered property and restitution of
4 the posts."
Sir, as additional proof of the kind dispositions
of the Governments in July 1794, the American
Secretary of State, on the 30th of that month, af-
ter recapitulating our causes of complaint against
France, says, " You are at liberty to speak in a firm
4 and decibiie tone, taking cate to avoid offence, or in
4 any degree to weaken the friendship between the tu-o
4 countries."—(Id. Doc., 80.)
To these instructions; of iiis Government, so ex-
plicit and decisive of the friendly spirit that char-
acterized them, Mr Monroe conformed with equal
sagacity and care. What was the result? Let us
look into his correspondence to ascertain the man-
ner in which these amicable sentiments of the
American Government were met and reciprocated
by Prance.
On the 25th August, 1794, Mr. Monroe informs
the Seciefary of State, 44 that he had reason to be~
4 lieve that there was a generaldesire that he should
4 be received as soon as possible, and with every
4 demonstration of rcspect for the country he rep-
4 resented. Aware that the Convention possessed
4 the sovereign authority of the nation, he pre-
4 sinned (he said) that by addressing himself to
' that body, he could make an experiment of the
4 real disposition of that country towards hisown."
He therefore addressed a letter to the President of
the Convention, which was well received, and a
decree adopted for his reception by the Convention
itself on the following day. He availed himself
of the occasion to dissipate impressions of the
unfriendly disposition of the Ameiican Govern-
ment towards the liberty and happiness of the
French nation. For that purpose, he laid before
the Convention the declarations of the Senate and
House of Representatives, as conveyed to him by
the President, through the Secretary of State,
with an assurance that he was authorized to declare
that the President was actuated by similar senti-
ments. The manner in which the communication
was received furnished the strongest proof of the
affection entertained by the French nation for the
United States of Amcrica. Every department
evinced the strongest disposition to prove its attach-
ment to their ally, by embracing every opportunity
which the slightest incident offered. Mr. Monroe
proceeded to particularize some of the instances
which h.yl occurred. £4A few stores, (he ob-
served,) brought for the accommodation of my
' family, in the ship in which I sailed, werearrcst-
c ed at Havre, because no declaration of them was
' rendered by the captain. This was casually
4 heard by the Committee of Public Safety, and,
4 without any intimation from me, by their order,
4 restored. But, being desirous (he added) more
4 formally to certify their regard, the Commissary
4 of Foreign Affairs announced to me yesterday
' that he was instructed, in the name of the re-
4 public, to appropriate a house for my use, as
4 Minister of the United States, of such accommo-
4 dations and in such part of the city as I would
4 designate."
We are thus brought to the last of August,
1794, at which period the relations between the
United States and France were not only amicable
and peaceful, but affectionate to an uncommon
degree. Their respective citizens, it is true, were
roused and excited by mutual wrongs and aggres-
sions, but the Governments were making all pos-
sible efforts to prevent collision.
I pause here for a moment to make one obser-
vation as to the condition of the American claim-
ants upon the French Government for indemnities
for spoliations. It will not be denied that hun-
dreds of vessels had been captured; that millions
worth of property had been confiscated. For the
remuneration of these injuries, the French Govern-
ment stood pledged in the most formal and solemn
