68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Aug. 10,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Mo re head.
manner. The observation I propose to make is,
that whatever may be the fate of the claims for spo-
liations committed subsequently to the year 1794,
there would seem to be no doubt of the liability
of"the French Government for all those subsisting
at the close of that year, and up to the. period of
quasi hostilities between the two Governments, to
which I shall presently aliude.
Sir, in order to obtain satisfaction for these
grievances of his constituents. " many of whom
' were laboring under embarrassments of the most
* serious kind, growing out of the war," (lb. Doc.
82,) Mr. Monroe lost no time in laying their com-
plaints before the Government of Fiance. The
claimant# were classed by him under several heads.
1. Thode who were injured by the embargo at Bor- !
deaux. 2. Those who had claims upon the repub- !
lie for supplies rendered to the Government of St. I
Domingo. 3. Those who had brought cargoes in !
for sale, and were detained- by delay of payment
or some other cause. 4. Those who had been ;
brought in by the ships of the republican deroga- i
tion of the treaty of amity and commerce, and
were subjected to like detention and delay. 5.
Those who had Lean taken at sea or elsewhere,
and were confined, in derogation of the treaty
of amity and commerce, or rights of citizenship
in the United States.—(Mr. Monroe's despatch of
15th of September, 1794- lb. l)oc. 82.) These,
with a comprehensive statement of the embar-
rassments attending our trade, as well those which
'proceeded from cruisers of tiie French iepub(ic
as those which proceeded from the commercial
system of France, were laid by Mr. Monroe
before the Committee of Public Safety; and he
"was assured that it exhibited a pictuie that
4 shocked them;" for he adds, " these evils pro-
' gressmg with the course of their own affairs,
* were long accumulating, and had now probably
* attained a height of which they had no concep-
* tion."
In a few days after this communication, he was
invited to a conference with the committee, when
it became the subject of discussion. "Merlin,"
says Mr. Monroe, (lb. Do c. 85,) "commenced by
4 observing that 1 had advised and pressed them to
* execute the twenty-third mid twenty-fourth aiti-
i cles of the treaty of amity mid commerce. That
1 they wcic persuaded their <omplinnce would bo
e useful to us, but- very detrimental to them, it
' would likewise be distressing tor Frenchmen to
( see British goods protected by our whilst it
4 gave no protection to tlieiis." And after making-
some other comments, he finally came to this point:
" Do you insist upon our executing- the treaty?"
This Mr. Monroe for the moment thought proper
to evade; but it was again peremptorily inquired—
" Do you insist upon or demand it?'"' And Mr.
Monroe replied; u that he was not instructed by
the President to insist upon it, nor did he insist ,
upon it;" and he acknowledged in his letter to the j
Secretary of State, one of his? motives to have been
" lest it might excite a disposition to pre:s.s vs upon
i other points on which it Wire better to avoid any (lis- '
* cussion."
Notwithstanding these difficulties and impedi- '
mcnts, on the 13th January, 1795, Mr. Monroe
thus writes to the Secretary of State: i
" I have, tha picture to infoim jou,t ;it upon the report
of the United Committees oi Public Safety, G( ueml Seemit\
TjCjjtsiiUion, Commerce, and Finances, n decree has paf-sed
the. Convention since mv last vherchj it. it res>1 veil to cam/ ;
into strict execution (he treaty oj amity and rommcice subset- 1
int* hctivcen the United States and this republic. //,<?<* leave ;
to cOwzrutiUatc \,oitupon this ei'cnt, and puUicuturlij the una- i
n mitij with u-luch it passed the Ot,n rent ion, since'it demon-
ilrnte. the good (1L*j>r>uhon of Ihd body and the nation sev-
erally towanh us."—lb. I)oe. 88.
And the President of the United States, in .1 rnnfi- '
dermal message to Congress on the 28th of Febru-
ary, 1795, gave the niosf satisfactory assurances of
the same " good dispositions" of the two countries '
towards each other. "Our Minister near the'
' French republic, (he said,) has urged eotnpen- 1
* sation for the injuries which our commerce lias i
' sustained from captures by French cruisers, from :
* the non-fulfilment of the contracts of the agents
( of that republic with our citizens, and from the 1
i embargo at Bordeaux. He has also pressed an ■
4 allowance for the money voted by Congress for !
* r^Jievln£ l^e inhabitants of St. Domingo. Tt '
' affords me the highest pleasure to inform Con-
gress that perfect harmony reigns bet woe/? the ■
two republics, and that those claims are in a tiain ■
i of being discussed with candor, and of being ami-
' cably adjusted."—1 Ex. Jour.y 175.
With this review of our relations with France
to the commencement of the year 1795, I leave
them in the condition in which they were placed
by the decree of the French Convention to cairy
into strict execution the provisions of the treaty of
amity and commerce, " demonstrating/' as it did,
to adopt the language of Mr. Monroe, the good
disposition of that body and of the nation generally
towards the United States."
On the 19th of November, 1794, the celebrated
treaty negotiated by Mr. Jay was concluded in Lon-
don. From this point we take observations for a
new departure. A new state of things instantly
arose, both at home and abroad, and a most unpro-
pittous state of tilings it was. In the United States
it created a ferment, which not all the influence of
General Washington, great and preponderating as
it was, could compose.
Sir, the agitation that pervaded this whole coun-
try, in consequence of the treaty, can scarcely be
understood at a period so remote from the actual
occuirence of the events. Perhaps at no other pe-
riod in our history has the temper of the nation
been p>ore highly inflamed. The press teemed
j with vituperation, both of the motives and conduct
I of the participators in the negotiation. Public
j meetings, in all the principal cities, from Machias
j to Charleston, fulminated their resolutions. Those
j resolutions assigned various causes for the public
' dissatisfaction with the tieaty; but it was particu-
larly denounced for great political reasons, "as
hostile to the biench lepubiic;" "as having a ten-
dency to embroil us with it;" and "as an infrac-
tion of the rights of friendship, gratitude, and alli-
ance, which that republic might justly claim fiom
the United States.'' Mr. Jefferson wrote to Mr.
Rutledge* of youth Carolina:
« I join with you in thinking the treaty an execndle thin*.
, But both nejiotiatou- nui't have uudeu-tood, that, an there
| were article in it winch eouid not I.eearned intoeveeuuon
| without the aid of the Legislature on both s-ides, therelore
j it limit ho referred to them; and that the^e Legislating,
! being fieo ugcut*, would not «jve it their ^nppoitn iheydiv
I appioved of it. I tiusi the popuiat bianehut our Lc^iMatuic
, will dis-appiove of it, , nl t.iuis tvtvsoj- this infamous (tct." 
j (',1 Jetfcnon\ }Von>s, 31V.)
| Again, in a letter to Mr. Page, of Virginia, Mr.
' Jeffeison said:
( « I do not believe v\ itfi the Kodietbucaults and Montaignes,
that loum-eu out «! fifteen men aie rogues. 1 believe a
meatt-r abatement fioin that pioportiun'may be made in
t.tvoi o: g 'in iat hom -ty. Hut I Imve alwav* found tJnu
t-oiriKs wotiid be up|)(Mmost; and I do not know that the
pro[)(/ition h too s-tifot the hiiihet order-, and tor those
who, iimjii; ubo\e ilu: owiuisti multitude, always contrive to
tientM-ive, into the pt.u e- of power and profit. 'Hiese
ro?ue.«, ct out with t-toahnji the peopled good opinion, and
then steal fiom them The ttght of v\ uhdiawni^ it, bv contii-
vnii; ia\\ s and a^-ocuuions a«ianivr tfie power ol the people
themselves. Our part ot the eountiv i> in eonMdeiahle ler-
nientanoii, on what the) suspect to'bo a leeent toguery of
this kind. Tiiev -ay, that wlnlo ail hainK were below d> ek
mending <n\\s, ^pheitiL' lopi*^, mid cvorj one at his own hiiM-
ne-ss, and the captain in liiti cabm, attending to luslo" book
and ehait, a rogue ot a pilot Jiav iun them into an ei.einv's
}Wt, But in' r.tphor apatU tiwie is muck di^aihfaction v:dk
Mr. Jui/ and hi* treaty."— (3 Jejjn son's Works, 315.)
Even the spotless purity of Washington's char-
acter was not exempt from malevolent imputation
and reproach:
" Theie is too much reason to believe," he declared, in a
letter to Mt. Ituiidolpli ot die of'Jtt/y, 1796,  • fiom the
p-iins wiueh have been taken, before, at, and since the ad-
vice of the Senate r^pecting the treaty, that the prejud}ee<
against it ate more extensive than i  geuejalU lmugmed
This I have Intel) understood to be tiie case in thn quarter!
I'roui men who arc ot no party, hut well di^pofed to the
I pie^ent Adnnui-tiation. How it should be otherwise, when
j no stone is left unturned that could impress on the minds
j of the people The most atrant misiepiesentauon of facts,
| that their n^hts have not only been neglected, but ab-o-
. lutely sold; that there are no teeiprocal tu!vantages in the
; treaty; that the benefits ai e all on the side of Great Britain ;
J and vhat sctw-s to hute had more weight fith them than nil
j the ro--t, arid to have been most pressed, that the treaty is made
, with the desiirn to oppie^s the X'rcuch, in open violation oj
I our treaty with that nation, and contra)y} too} to every prin-
ciple oj gmhtude and sound policy."
On another occasion, in a letter to Mr. Jefferson
of the 6th of July, 1796, the illustrious and ven-
erated man bitterly complains, *' while he was
' using his utmost exertions to establish a national
(gharacter," and " by steering a steady course to
' preserve his country from the horrors of a deso-
' lating war," that he " should be accused of being
{the enemy of one nation and subject to the influ-
' enee of another; and to prove it, that every act of
' his Administration should be tortured, and the i
$ grossest and most insidious misrepresentations of
4 them made, by giving one side only of a subject,
' and that, too, in such exaggerated and indecent
i terms as could scarcely be applied to a Nero, a
* notorious defaulter, or even to a common pick-
' pockets'
Whatever may have been the causes of the fail-
ure of the violent opposition made to the treaty by
the Democratic party in the United States in 1795
and 1796, it can scarcely be doubted, at this day,
that it did violence to our treaty relations with
France. Sir, I am not about to travel ovet that
old ground of controversy, and awaken fecli'ngs
which, having slept for more than fifty years," I
sincerely hope may sleep forever. But nothing is
more certain than that it was so regarded by
France, and that it conduced to bring about the
collisions that ensued.
The same letter of Mr. Monroe, of the 13th Jan-
uary, 1795, in which he expresses himself in such
strong terms of congratulation upon the decree of
the Convention to carry that treaty into strict exe-
cution, and in which he informs the Secretary of
State that the utmost cordiality had taken place in
the Committee of Public Safety towards the United
States, announces the sudden change of sentiment
which Mr. Jay's treaty had produced. ''After
his recent communications," Mr. Monroe said,
"with the Committee of the Public Safety,' he
had " flattered himself that in every respect ive had
(the best prospect of the most perfect harmony between
4 the txvo republics. I am sorry, however, (he con.-
4 tinued,) "to add, that latterly the project has been
1 clouded by accounts from England, that Mr. Jay had
1 not only adjusted the points in controversy, but con-
i eluded a treaty of commerce icith that Government,
' Some of those accounts state that he had nlso con-
' eluded a treaty of alliance offensive and defen-
sive."
In a subsequent letter of the 12th February, 1795,
Mr. Monroe expresses himself m still stronger
terms. I will not detain the Senate to quote them.
I think it demonstrable that the treaty with Great
Britain was the prolific source of the difficulties that
ensued between the United States and France. At
that period the provision crops of France had
failed, and famine impended over tiie country. A
frightful civil war raged in her bosom. Her colo
nies were filled with dissensions, and menaced by
the overwhelming naval and military forces of
[ England, who,with nearly all Europe united,-had
resorted to measures avowedly to starve the French
nation. In a despatch from Mr. Jefferson,Secre-
tary of State, to Mr. Monroe, of July 14, 1795,
he says:
" The treaty i* not yet ratified by the President, nor wil
it be ratified, I believe, until it returns fiom England, if
then. The late British order for seizing proM-fons, is a
weighty obstacle to a ratification. I do not suppose Hiat
such an attempt to starve Fiance will be countenanced."
Nevertheless, the treaty was ratified, and the ex-
change of ratifications made by our Government,
without the abrogation or mitigation of the British
order.
The whole of the French Islands in the West
Indies having been conquered by the Biitish, the
only refuge on or near this continent for French
ships of war, their privateers, and prizes, was in
the ports of the United States. The right to our
ports was secured exclusively to France, by the
treaty of amity and commerce in 1778, and had
been freely exercised by her with the full assent of
the American Government, notwithstanding the
complaints of Great Britain. These complaints
were put to rest by Mr. Jefferson, in an official
note to the British Mmistei of the 9th September,
1793, as follows;
Though the udmiSMon of the prizes and pi ivateers of
France i> exclusive, yet it is the * fleet of treaty, made long
a^o for valuable considerations, not with a viewto the pres-
ent circumstances, nor against any nation in particular, but
all in geneiai> and may, therefore, be ftuthiully observed
without offenoe to any: and we mean faithfully to observe
tt. The «-ame exciuMve 'article has been stipulated by
Ureat Biitaiu m her treaty with France, and indeed i& to be
found in the tieaftes between most nations."
This exclusive use of our ports was of incalcu*
lable importance to France during the war then
pending with England, especially after the loss of
her West India possessions. But by our own
construction of Jay's treaty, France was not only
deprived of the exclusive privilege secured to her
of using our ports—the use of them was allowed
to her enemies; and she was thus cut off from
