10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Aug. 10,
29th Cong 2d"Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Morehead.
Senate.
der- On the 18th of April a projet of a treaty was J
presented to the French Ministers, the sccond arti* j
cle of which proposed that 44 Rill and complete j
4 compensation should be made by the Government j
1 of the French republic to the citizens of the Uni-'
4 ted States for losses and damages by reason of
i irregular or illegal captures or condemnations of
4 their vessels and other property.5' The article
closed with the provision, that "the board of
* liquidation to be raised shall decide the demands
4 according to their original and intrinsic merits,
4 conformably to justice and the law of nations;
* and in all cases of complaint prior to the 7th of:
* July, 1798, they shall pronounce agreeably to j
' the treaties and consular convention then exist-!
* ing between France and the United .States." j
The 7th of July was thus specified, because it j
was the day on which the Congress of the United i
States had passed the law purporting to annul the ;
treaties of 1778. The French Ministers strenuously ,
denied the power of the American Government to -
annul them by a legislative act*, and to the closing |
suggestion of our Envoys, they replied, on the 6th j
of May, 1800, that " they saw no reason which !
* authorized a distinction between the time prior \
1 to the 7th of July, 1798, and the time subsequent,1
i for the purpose of applying to damages which
4 have taken place in the former, the dispositions of
4 the treaty*, and only the principles of the laws of
4 nations to those which have taken place during
4 the latter. The instructions of the Ministers of
4 the French republic hence pointed out to them the
4 treaties of alliance, friendship, and commerce,
4 and the consular convention, as the only founda-
4 lions of their negotiations. Upon these acts has
4 arisen the misunderstanding, and it seems proper
4 that upon these acts union and friendship should
4 be established. When the undersigned hastened
4 to acknowledge the principle of compensation, it
4 was in order to give an unequivocal evidence of
4 the fidelity of the French Government to its an-
4 cient engagements; every pecuniary stipulation
4 appearing to it expedient, as a consequence of
4 angient treaties, and not as a preliminary of a
4 new one." This objection of the French Minis-
ters to the distinction referred to, is thus stated in
the strong and cmphatic language of the American
Envoys:44 The French think it hard to indemnify for
'violating engagements, unlcbs they can thereby be
4 restored lo the bouJit of them.M
But it was the fixed purpose of the American
Government to refuse to renew the treaties; and I
now proceed to show that when every attempt-
to induce the French Ministers to forego them
proved unavailing, they were bought off by a re-
nunciation of the claims of our citizens; and this
I shad endeavor to do without wearying the Sen-
ate with minute details of the pi ogress of the
negotiation.
Sir, the discussions of the Ministers of the re-
spective Governments, which preceded the con-
vention of September, 1^00, show very dearly,
.first, that it was the deliberate purpo.se of the
American Government to avoid renewing the old
treaties; and, secondly, that the purpose was as
deliberate on the pau ot' France not to make a
pecuniary compensation for the damages sustained
oy our citizens, without a reciprocal acknowledg-
ment of indemnities due to France, and a like
acknowledgment of the continuing obligation and
privileges of the old treaties.
On the 11th of August, after various fruitless
interchanges of mutual propositions, the French
Ministers "reduced them to this simple alternative:
* Either the ancient treaties, with the privileges result-
* ing from priority< and a stipulation of reciprocal
* iiidem)iities; or, a new treaty, assuring equality,
4 WITHOUT 1N" DKMNJ f Y. "
On the 20th of A ugust, 3800, the American Min-
isters, waiving the alternative, proposed on their
part—
" M. Let il foe declarer! thai the (muter treaties are re-
newed and confirmed, and shall have the >-ame effectit no
imt>tuuh'r-«triiKiii)2 between the two Power-? had intervened
except so tar a*> they me delegated tiom by the present
ireatv.
"2d. It*h;ill he optional with either party to piy to the
other within frcveu yeais thiee million-; offiancs m money,
.or securities, which nid> be issued l'or indemnities, and
thereby to reduce the. n*hts of the other as to privateers and
prizes to thoM-of the most favored nation. And dining ibe
said term allowed for option, the right of both paitics >Imli
- J!i lt<r<i ^ 01 the favored nation.
<'Jd. the mutual guarantee in the treaty of alliance shall
be so specified and limited that its future obligation shall
be, on the part of Fiance, when the United States shall he
attacked, to furnish at her own ports military stores to the
amount of one million of francs, and on the pait ot the
United States^ when the French possessions in America in
any future war shail be attacked, to l'tiinish and deliver at
their own ports a like amount in piovisions. It shall, more-
over, be optional for either party to exonerate itself wholly
of us obligation, by paving to the other within seven years
agro*s sum of ftve millions of francs, m money, or such
securities as may be issued for indemnities.
<e4th. The articles of commerce and navigation, except
the 17th article ot the treaty, shall admit of modifications,
reserving for their principle the rights of the mo^t favrned
nation, where it shall not bo otherwise agreed, and be limit-
ed in their dotation to twelve 3 ears.
<foth. There shall be a reciprocal stipulation for indem-
nities, and these indemnities shall be hunted to the claims
of individuals, and adjusted agieeablv to the principles and
manner pjoposed by the American Ministeis in a project of
a treat) heiotofore delivered, except when it shall be other-
wise agreed; public ships taken 011 either fcide shall be re-
stored or paid foi.
"6th. All property seized by either party, and not yet
definitively condemned, or winch may be seized before the
exchange of the ratifications of the present treaty, shall he
restored on reasonable, though it should be mfounal, proof
of it4? belonging to the other, except contraband goods of ihe
United States, destined to an enemy's port. Thid'provision
to ttke effect from the signature of the treaty; and if any
condemnation should take place contrary to the intent of
this stipulation before knowledge of the same shall beob-
tanied, the property so condemned shall be paid for without
delay.55
To these propositions of our Envoys, the French
| replied, on the 25th of August, 1800:
" "Ut. The ancient treaties shall be continued and con-
firmed to have their full force, as if no imsundeistanding
between the two nations had ever occurred.
'•2d. Commissioners shall be appointed to liquidate the
respective losses.
c; 3d. The 17th article of the treaty of commerce, of 1778,
>.h;i!l be continued in full force, with a single addition, im-
mediately after these words, to wit: 'And on the contrary,
no shelter or refuge shall be given in their porn or hatbois,
to -such as shall have irtade pri^e of the subjects of his
Maje^y, 01 of citizens of the United States.' There shall
be added, 'if it he not in virtue of known treaties, on the
day of the Hgnatuic of the piesent, and subsequent to the
treatv of 1778, and that tor the- space of seven years.' The
92J aiticle Mihioet to the same reservation as the 17th article.
"4th. If, dunng the term of seven years, the proposal to
establish the 17th and 22d articles be not made and accepted
without reserve, the award of indemnities, determined by
the eoinmi.-sioners, shall not be allowed.
"5th. The guarantee stipulated Iv the treaty of alliance,
shall he converted into a grant of succour foi two millions.
Sint this j*i ant Miali not be icdeemable, unless by a capital
of ton millions."
O11 the 4th of September the French Ministers
submitted these propositions:
"A eoinnn-^ion shall regulate the indemnities which
either of the two nations may owe to ihe citizens of ihe
oilier.
"The indemnities which shall be due by France to the
j citizens of the United States shall he paid for by the United
Slides ; and in letnrn for which, Fiance jiclda the cxcIumvc
puulego res-lilting trmn the 17th and 22.1 article* of the
treaty of commerce, and from the rights of guaiantee of the
11th article of the treaty of alliance""
The American Mimstersdeclined toacceptthem.
But on the 6th of September they made proposi-
tions somewhat appioaching them: one of which
was, that it should be left to the option of the Uni-
ted States, on the exchange of ratifications, to re-
linquish the indemnities; and, in that event, the
former treaties were not to he obligatory on the
United States so far as they conferred exclusive
, privileges on France.
[ On the 12th of September the Ministers of both
I go\ernments held a conference to consider these
5 propositions; and the journal of that conference,
| kept by Messrs. Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray,
i furnishes these extracts:
! k'The French Ministers now openly avowed that their
real object was lo avoid, by every -mearns, any cni^i^e-.ncnt to
put/ indemnities, giving us. as one ) easo-ii, the utter inability of
Prance lo pay in the kitvntion in which she would he left bytlie
■present uar. The Mihjectof the modification ot the guar-
! antee was now particulaily pressed in the manner agreed,
.j The f-onversanon on tins subject closed by a declaration of
,i the Pre>uient of the Fieneh Commission, that Micli a modifi-
II cation could not he acceded to withont new instructions;
,' that they bad no power- to absent to such a stipulation ; hut
! that, if the Government should think pioper to instruct them
; j to make a treaty on.the baMs of indemnities, and a modified
j j renewal of the old treaties, he would resign sooner than sign
1! kucI) a treaty.
"The American Ministers retired a few minutes, and
i j agreed that it was now cleaily in vain to make any further
J1 attempts on that ground :-J that is, a modification of the old
il treaties, since the"French Ministers now and ahraysinsjsted
| on their entire and absolute recognition and unqualified
,j opemtion."
ij On the I3tli of September, the journal of the
ij same gentlemen contains the following:
ij The American Minsters being now convinced that the
door was peifcctly closed acainst all hope of obtaining in-
demnities, with any modifications of treaties, it onlyte-
mruned to be determined whether, under all the circum-
stances, it would not be expedient to attempt a temporary
airangement," &c.
And 011 the same day they wrote to the French
Ministers;
<•' It lemains only to consider the expediency of a tempo-
rary arrangement. Should such an arrangement comport
with the views of Fiance, the following principles are
offeied a  the basis ol it:
"First. The Minhteis Plenipotentiary of the respective
parties, not being abb- at present to a^ree lespecting the
former treaties and indemnities, the parties will, 111 due and
convenient time, further treat on those subjects, and until
they shall have agree^ respecting the same, the said tieuties
&hajl have no opeiation.*'
This proposition was substantially the basis of
the article subsequently agreed upon, as follows;
" Tne Ministeis Plenipotentiary of the two parties
1 not being able to agree, at present, respecting the
4 treaty of alliance of the 6th of February, 1778,
4 the treaty of amity and commerce of the same
4 date, and the convention of the 14th of Novem-
* her, 1788, nor upon indemnities mutually due
* or claimed, the parties will negotiate further on
4 these subjects ata convenient time; and until they
i may have agreed upon these points, the suid
1 treaties and convention shall have no operation,
i and the relations of the two countries shall be
f regulated as follows."
This was introduced as the second article of the
treaty, and when the Senate of the United States
was called upon for its advice and consent, the
treaty was approved, with the exception of that
, article, which was stricken out by that body; and,
I thus modified, together with a limitation of eight
i years' duration, it was ratified by the President of
i the United States, according to the forms of the
| Constitution,
1 The effect of this modification, it was argued
! by the committee of the French Tribunal, was,
i that the American Government, by not recog-
; nising the right of the French republic to revive
i the treaties of 1778, also interdicted to itself the
; right of claiming for indemnities; for it was in
virtue of the treaties "which France wished to
revive, that, either party had the right to set up
those claims. "Whether such was the effect or
not, it is not material now to inquire. When the
treaty was presented to the French Government
! for confirmation, in the shape in which it was ap-
| proved by the Senate of the United States, that
I Government was desirous that no doubt should
| remain as to its construction; lest, as it alleged,
j "in uitifying without explanation, the two Gov-
; £ ernments would have found themselves in an un-
| ' equal position relative to the pretensions expressed
j c in the suppressed article: the suppression of this
i * article releasing the Americans from all preten-
| { sions on our part relative to ancient treaties, and
| ( our silence respecting the same article leaving us
; { exposed to the whole weight of the eventual de-
4 mands of [on] this Government relative to mdem-
4 nities"—under the lav) of nations. And,according-
' ly, in the ratification, wiien approving the retrench-
| ment of the second aiticle, Napoleon, then First
j Consul, added these words: It being well under-
\ 1 stood that, by this retrenchment, (he two Slates renounce
(the respective pretensions which are the object of that
' articleIn this declaration of the French Con-
sul, the Senate of the United States afterwards
concurred; and the treaty, thus ratified with the
suppression of the second article, was proclaimed
by the President as a law of the United States.
It only remains to be observed, that the French
Government thereby renounced its claims under
the treaties of 1778, and the United States re-
nounced the claims of their citizens for indemni-
ties for spoliations committed by France.
In conformity with a resolution of the Senate of
the 5th of March, 1834, Mr. Clay, then Secretary
of State, made an elaborate and lucid report on
this subject, which was communicated to the Sen-
ate by the President with his message of May 20,
1826, from which I take the following extract:
"The two contracting parties thus agreed, [in the finaF
ratification with the French pioviso ot the convention of
2800,] by the retrenchment of tire second article, mutually
to renounce the respective pretentions which were the ob-
ject of that art/clc. The pretensions of tiie United States
to which allu&'on is thus made, arose out of the spoliations
undei color of French authority, 111 contravention to law and
existing treaties. Those of France, sprung from the treaty
of alliance of the 6th Fcbruaiy, 1778, the treaty of amity ancl
commerce of the same date, and the convention of the 14th
of November, 1788. Whatever obligation? or indemnities
from these sources either party had a right to demand, weie
respectively waived nnd abandoned, aiid the consideration
which induced one puty to lenounce his pretensions, was
