1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Boivlin.
Ho. of Reps.
' spondent release of the United States from certain
' claims on them."
If yet more is wanting, Mr. President, to estab-
lish the liability of the Government of the United
States for the payment of these claims, I refer the
Senate to its direct overture to the claimants, in
which its aid and agency were voluntarily proffer-
ed, with a pledge officially promulgated by Mr.
Jefferson, by the express direction of President
Washington, "that on their fonvarding [to the De-
* partment of State] well authenticated evidence of
' their losses, proper proceedings would be adopted for
'their relief." The confidence of the claimants
was thus obtained. The overture of agency was
promptly accepted. Their proofs of loss were
deposited among the national archives, and there
remain to this hour. And for the performance of
this high trust, the claimants now hold the un-
redeemed pledge op this faitii of the govern-
ment, together with the unredf.emed pledge
of an explicit promsion of the constitution
of their country in thk1k behalf.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. J. B. BOWLIN,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
December 24, 1846.
On the Resolutions referring; the President's Mes
sage to the appropriate committees.
Mr. BOWLIN said, he had listened for some
time to this debate with regret. A debate, how-
ever profitable it might seem to gentlemen in a
party view, was certainly not very profitable to the
country, in her present condition, involved in a
foreign war, where all her energies were demand-
On a question like this, it appeared to him
ed.
there was but one course dictated by the spirit of
patriotism; and that was, to present a united front
to the foe, until we taught her, by the prowess of ;
our arms, to respcct our cause, and acknowledge our '
ability to maintain it. Indeed, he was at some loss
to ascertain what gentlemen proposed to gain even
by a triumph, in putting their own Government in
the wrong in a contest between it and its enemies
in the field. It seemed to him a strange question
to spring up in the present posture of affairs, and
one, he feared, little calculated in its discussion to
enhance our character for disinterested patriotism.
It is nota question whether the Executive, in the
pending war, has been too lavish of the treasures
intrusted to his care; or too negligent in prosecu-
ting the war with vigor; but, in reality, whether he
is not subject to have his acts questioned and his
motives impugned, for too successfully advancing
our standard and promoting the glory of our arms.
This seemed to Mr. B. to be the ostensible charge,
though made up of many items, which he proposed |
to notice in the course of his remarks, as we had j
been left to derive it from the resolutions and mo- i
tions, as they stand explained by the debate on I
the other side of the House. There seems to be !
no imputation of tardiness in prosecuting the war— j
no imputation of negligence—no imputation of a !
reckless waste of the public funds; but, on the con- 1
trary, the strange charge, of conquering too rapidly i
frthe enemy's country—oveirunning and holding '
too much of her territory—extending the blessings i
of our free institutions to too many of her benighted 11
citizens. If this be a crime, it was a glorious one; '
and one, he hoped, the republican arms would !;
always be able to perpetrate, with equal splendor, j
when in the field against a foreign foe, until, by \\
the rapid advance of our standard, we taught our •'<
opponents to grant all we in justice demanded—an |i
honorable and glorious peace. j:
But whilst the course the debate had taken af- ■
forded matter for profound regret, yet there was, 'i
in the facts themselves, matter for proud consola- l!
tion to the heart of the patriot. Was there not ,!
something peculiarly gratifying in the idea, that, in ]
one single campaign, the brilliant achievements of "
our armies had left us little to do, except to squab- !;
ble about disposing of their acquisitions? Had !i
our armies been less successful—had their career :!
been less brilliant and triumphant—we had been ij
probably spared this strange debate, and the ||
country, at the same time, would have been want- i:
ing in her history the details of a campaign that ij
redounds to her eternal glory and renown. In a
six months' campaign, state after state had sub-
mitted to our arms; our soldiers had traversed
almost the whole extent of the continent; and our
banners had been unfurled, aiike on the shores of
the Pacific, and almost in the heart of Mexico.
In this short campaign, an amount of territory had
fallen into our hands equal in extent, if not greater,
than the original States of this Confederacy. Our
soldiers carrying with them the spirit of humanity
and justice, instead of trampling upon the conquer-
ed, have extended to them the blessings of our
civil laws, pending the contest and occupation.
While this discussion was progressing, our troops
were in the field, establishing our national char-
acter on the proudest basis. However others
might view these acquisitions and these triumphs
of our arras, Mr. B. for one felt proud of them, and
proud of the opportunity to vindicate the assailed
Administration, on account of the vigorous prose-
cution of the war. Then who is it, that does not
feel a proud consolation at such mighty results ?
Who does not feel proud to claim a citizenship
with the soldiers who achieved them ? If there be
any, he for one envied them not their patriotic
feelings.
But he would, in all candor, appeal to gentlemen
on the other side, whether the time for urging on
a debate of this kind, which was calculated to crip-
ple the energies of the Administration, and give
hopes to our foes, was auspicious, whilst our ar-
mies were in the field. "Was it just to those armies,
who by their deeds had thrown a halo of glory over
themselves and their country? He designed to
impeach the patriotism of no man; but he sub-
mitted it, in perfect candor, to the gentlemen on
the other side, whether such a contest, on such a
theatre, at such a time, was not calculated to crip-
ple the energies of the country and endanger the
safety of our troops? Was it a time to be cavil-
ling, upon nice technical distinctions, upon the
! rights of' our country and our country's foes,
| while our soldiers were in the field, confronting
the enemy, and the blood of their slain companions
in arms was appealing to them for vengeance5
The time for discussing the merits of a foreign war
was before engaging in it; and the time for hold-
ing its conductors to a rigid accountability for the
manner of conducting it, was when we had rid our-
selves of the common enemy. In the midst of the
conflict, we should give the foe no hopes from our
apparent divisions, to encourage them in resistance.
But taking a beautiful example from our gallant j
troops, we should present them a thousand breasts, !
with one heart, and that for the fight and for vie- 1
torv. I
Having said this much upon the nature and I
character of the question, and the inappropriate- !
ness of the time for its discussion, he should pro- i
ceed to notice some of the unwarranted attacks I
upon the Administration. He had taken notes at !
one time, with a view to answer elaborately the '
arguments from the other side, arising upon inter- |
national law; but they had been so completely :
overthrown by gentlemen who preceded him be- j
fore he obtained the floor, that he had abandoned i
the President, in person, or he would not have
assumed the defensive, in the face of the fact that
the whole attack came from, his side of the House.
He would ask the gentleman from Tennessee, wlio
began this controversy about conducting the war?
Who began the attack upon the President? It came
from the gentleman's own side of the House; and
if the Democrats in defending, maintained the eon-
test so fiercely as to throw the assailants on the
defensive so soon, they must only attribute it to
the fate of war and a bad cause. It certainly forms
no excuse for forgetting one's country, her glory
and her interests, in an over anxiety for a partisan
assault. It may be gratifying to gentlemen to avail
themselves of every occasion to assail the Presi-
dent, but be would tell them it was a dangerous
experiment when they had in doing so to put
themselves seemingly in opposition to their coun-
try. Who could stand out in open opposition to
this harassing war, and maintain at the same time
that he was advocating the best interests of the
country? Gentlemen who persuaded themselves
so, only deceived themselves, as the people would
teach them when they came to pass judgment upon
their course.
But wc were again told, by the same honorable
gentleman, that this was a war of acquisition and
conquest, and the fact is sought to be established,
by the bnlliant success of our arms. According to
this rule of argument, every war was either a war
of conquest, or of disaster and disgrace. Besides,
this is a kind of double-edged sword argument—it
cuts every way. Our troops are in the ;iield; if
they advance upon the foe, gallantly winning, by
the prowess of their arms, their way to victory
and to fame, then it becomes, in Whig estima-
tion, a war of conquest; if, on the contrary, it
was piosecuted with less vigor, and our soldiers
were disgracefully driven from every battlefield,
! he would like to know whether these Whig as-
i sailants of the President would be any better
! pleased at that result. No, the fact is, these ob-
jections are taken from a disposition to find fault
^ at any, and everything, done by the Admimstia-
tion. And it redounds to the glory of the Admin-
■ istration that even its foes are driven, for want of
better cause, to assail it on a point that constitutes
! its highest eulogy—the maintaining the honor and
triumph of our arms. And he could tell those
j gentlemen that they formed but a shabby estimate
| of the intelligence of the people, when they sup-
j posed they could alienate their affections from the
j President for the charge of making our troops
j victorious, by the energy with which he prosecutes
i the war. It is pitiable to behold to what straits
fault-finders are sometimes reduced. And this is
one of the most prominent examples. Our troops
are in the field; we are reluctantly plunged into a
foreign war; the nation as it were in her youth,
just forming her character, her rights and her honor
at stake, her soldiers every where victorious, crown-
ing her history with brilliant achievements—and
yet, Irom a mere desire to assail the President, and
" Track the steps of glory to the grave,"
gentlemen are found who would darken and de-
face the brightness of this picture. He, for one,
that design, and should not, in his remarks, more j, gloried m it, and gloried in the Administration
than allude to the principles involved. He should •""1~ 1  • u  u~  
now only endeavor to gather up the fragments
scattered along through this debate, either unno-
ticed, or very parti^ly noticed, by others, and by
sweeping them from their support, leave them
nothing to even give color to the foul charges
against the President.
Considering the manner in which this debate
under whose auspices such mighty results were
produced. He cared not what gentlemen might
call it, whether a war of conquest, or by a milder
or harsher title; he acknowledged thai we owed
but one duty to ourselves, and that was to prose-
cute the invasion until our flag waved over the
ancient capital of the Montezumas, if it were
necessary to go so far, to procure and secure an
was brought up and forced upon us, he was not u ; honorable and lasting peace
little struck with surprise at the opening remaiks
of the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry.] He commenced by vindicating his side
of the House as the assailed party, and declared, ,
m substance, that he spoke more to show he was
not afraid to speak than from any other particular
motive. No one doubted his courage to speak,
and all will admit his great ability in bolstering up
a desperate case. But he should recollect that .
even fearlessness and ability combined could not '
give character to a bad cause, and that
- i
" When valor preys on reason,
It eats the  \vprd it fights with."
It struck him then that the honorable gentleman
did not feel entirely easy in the position he as-
And he would here ask those gentlemen who
find so much to horrify and alarm them at the idea
of our troops occupying Mexican soil, what they
themselves would propose to do? He would like
to hear from them. It was an easy matter to tear
down the most splendid edifices of human art, but
a work of no ordinary labor to restore them. It
was just as easy a matter to find or forge a fault,
but he desired to see the gentlemen's genius cm-
ployed m giving a better system for prosecuting
the war. They object to invading Mexican terri-
tory; then let them tell us whether they would be
willing to force our troops to occupy a line where
they could be assailed at pleasure by the foe, and
a'short retreat would put them out of the way of
sumed of assailing the Administration, or rather it danger and punishment for their assaults? Let
