1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. BoivJin.
Ho . of Reps.
the power of the conqueror is so far relaxed in
favor of humanity, as to require the mildest gov-
ernment of the conquered territory, that is con-
sistent with its security and his own safety.
Hence it has become the modern practice to extend
to the conquered people the blessings of temporary
civil government, where it can be done with safety
to the conqueror and his force. But they must
not expect to retain their own peculiar institutions,
but adopt the laws and institutions of the conquer-
ing power. It is the privilege of the conqueror to
give the laws; and the most that could be demand-
ed of him, upon even the broadest principles of
humanity, was to give civil law instead of military
despotism. These wore principles which he pre-
sumed would not be controverted; and they were
stated as broad in favor of the conquered, as the
most liberal construction of national law tolerated.
Now he proposed to take a brief review of the
acts of our commanders, and test them by the
closest application of these principles, and see if!
any blame could be laid to their charge. In doing
this, he intended to scrutinize their acts, and their
acts only—acts to be consummated—and not de-
scend to a censorious criticism of their proclama-
tions. He cared but little about proclamations;
they were harmless missiles at best, while their acts
did honor to the head and the heart. A little bom-
bust in the proclamation of a conquering general,
announcing the glorious tidings of victory, if fault
at all, is a very pardonable one. It demonstrates
that the heart was in the right place. It is at most
but the outpourings of overwrought feelings of pa-
triotism, in proclaiming the glad tidings of victory
to our aims; and he submitted to gentlemen wheth-
er it was altogether fair to shut their eyes to their
glorious deeds, and exhaust themselves in criticisms
upon paper missiles?
By way of maintaining their charge against the
President, of some great scheme of territorial ag-
grandizement, they constantly recur to the procla-
mations of commanders, announcing the annexa-
tion of territory, when all know that it is a mere
harmless boast, and that no commander can annex
territory. Gentlemen, when they make their at-
tacks, well know, that the only idea intended to be
conveyed is, that they have overrun and conquer-
ed territory) and hold it in the name and at the
disposal of the Confederacy. If the fortune of
war leaves it in possession of our troops, this Gov-
ernment, in her highest sovereign capacity, will
decide upon its disposition. It will be for her to
say what shall" and what shall not be annexed.
That is an act which neither the President nor his
commanders can perform, and one that must be
decided here by the representatives of the people.
And now as to the acts of General Kearny,
whom he knew well. He was from his own sec-
tion of the country, and was a soldier—ay, every
inch a soldier. And he could tell gentlemen a
little more: that when they were thumping away
upon General Kearny, they were dealing blows
upon one of their own staunchest Whig friends.
And he here undertook to say, that General Kear-
ny had done no act that was consummated, or
likely to be consummated, in New Mexico, that
was contrary to law. Upon the breaking out of
the war, in obedience to orders from his Govern-
ment, he advanced upon New Mexico, made a
bloodless conquest of her, and established a tem-
porary civil government over the people. He did
nothing more—what could he do less in his posi-
tion? Every principle of his new government is
characterized by greathumanity to the vanquished.
He has not subjected them to arbitrary military
power, and made the court-martial the arbitrament
of their rights of person and property, as he could
have done; but, on the contrary, has extended to
them civil jurisdictions, and the blessings of our
free institutions. But, say gentlemen, he has or-
dered the election of a delegate to Congress, and
that shows the design to be to establish perma-
nent, instead of temporary, government. If this
be true, it is an error, but an error that can injure
no one, as no gentleman even harbors a suspicion
that such a thing can ever be consummated. The
President's disapproval will give it its quietus, long
before the time arrives for it to be executed. And
Mr. B. would submit that the General was a sol-
dier, and not a civilian. And if he did not, in every
instance, avoid error, was that error to be charged
upon the President?
Gentlemen next cited the conquest of California
as a conclusive illustration of the spirit of territo-
rial aggrandizement, which they so liberally charge
upon the President. What was the fact there?
Colonel Fremont, with a corps of civil engineers,
and some citizens as companions in the enterprise,
was in the country upon a wholly scientific expe-
dition, disturbing no one—giving offence to no
one—with no warlike preparations, except what
were necessary to protect them from Indian vio-
lence. The only design of his expedition was to
enrich the pages of science, for the general benefit
of mankind; and with a people who could have
appreciated his brilliant labors, his worth, and his
gallant enterprise, his reception would have been
warm and cordial. But with that semi-barbarian
race, schemes were only devised for his destruc-
tion. They commenced finding fault, and unwil-
ling to be the cause of difficulties, he commenced
moving out of the country. They pursued, inci-
ting the Indians ahead to arrest his progress. Thus
placed between two fires, hegallantly, with his liule
band, turned upon the less savage foe, and by the
rapidity of his operations and a brilliant succession
of triumphs, aided and supported by our gallant
naval force in the Pacific, in a few days overturned
the government of California, and added it to the
list of conquests which have graced the triumph
of our arms. For bold and daring enterprise, for
rapidity of operations, for the achievement of im-
portant victories at little cost of blood, for magni-
tude of results, this conquest has few parallels.
What followed the conquest? The same mild
system of temporal y civil government which was
extended over New Mexico, was generously given
to the California^. The conqueror took the reins
of government, and now administers it for the
benefit of the peoplp, until the fate of war deter-
mines where it is to fall. Do gentlemen find any-
thing to complain of in all this ? Is there anything
in it establishing more than a temporary govern-
ment pending hostilities ?
Mr. B. would beg leave to call gentlemen's atten-
tion to illustrious examples of conquest, and the
disposition of conquest in our own country, of
which he had heard no complaints. In the late
war with Great Britain, General Brock, the com-
mander of her forces in the northwest, conquered
Michigan, one of the territories of the United
States. He immediately made proclamation of
the fact, and demanded obedience of the citizens to
the conquering power. The government of the
territory was immediately turned over to Colonel
Proctor, who assumed the executive department,
turned out officers and appointed others, and ex-
tended to it British laws and a British administra-
tion. He would not trouble the House with reading
General Brock's proclamation, or Colonel Proctor's
principles laid down, upon which the government
was to be administered; they could both be found
in the third volume of Niles's Register; and if gen-
tlemen would take the trouble to read them, they
would almost fancy that our commanders had them
before them when they were establishing civil gov-
ernments over the conquered provinces of Mexico.
Here is a precedent, and a precedent we yielded to,
until, by the gallantry of our troops, we diove the
invaders from our soil. Nor do we read in those
times that the peace party then applied the titles
of usurper, despoiler, and plunderer, so lavishly
bestowed upon the President, even upon the Brit-
ish commander, simply because the fortune of war
had temporarily placed one of our provinces in his
possession. And yet the case was much better
calculated to arouse our antipathies, and call forth
our denunciations, than when our own Govern-
ment is the victorious party, and a foreign foe the
\anquished.
But we have still another illustrious example in
point, and that was the conquest of Upper Canada
by General Harrison, in 1813, when he proclaimed
law to that province in almost the identical form
adopted by our present commanders. This is a
case directly in point. And what say gentlemen j
to it? Was he an usurper and a plunderer? Was I
he a violator of the law of nations ? No. And he j
defied gentlemen to draw a substantial distinction j
in the two cases. |
Ah! but, say gentlemen, the design of a per- j
manent government is manifested by the Secretary J
of War in his direction to Colonel Stevenson to ]
enlist troops for that service, "who would be j
6 likely to remain at the end of the war either in
i Oregon or in any other territory in that region of
1 the globe which may then he a part of the United
t States." The above quotation embraces all the
denounced portion of that instruction which alarm-
ed the Whig press for the fate of the country, and
which has figured so conspicuously in this debate.
And what does it all amount to? What mighty
designs of usurpation and plunder does it shroud
and envelop from the public gaze? Let us throw
aside for a moment that display of Whig invec-
tive by which we are sometimes dazzled and de-
ceived, and take a plain, common-sense patriotic
view of this matter, and see how it stands.
Troops are required in a distant service, some
three thousand miles away, and in a country sur-
rounded by the territories of the United States;
and, in enlisting them for that service, the colonej
is instructed virtually to contract for disbanding
them on our own territories m that quarter of the
globe. Now, was not this right, on grounds of
economy, avoiding the expense of returning them
to the Atlantic States? Wasit not right, as a mat-
ter of profound statesmanship, to contract to leave
them in our western territories where population
was most needed ? There is no mystery in this
matter. It is a plain ordinary transaction. Sup-
pose troops were enlisted to serve against the In-
dian tribes on the borders of Missouii, with a
stipulation that they were to be disbanded there,
upon her fruitful and fertile plains, instead of being
marched back, at public expense, to your crowded
and corrupt cities: would there be anything very
startling in such a course of policy? He thought
not; and the cases weie perfectly parallel. But
gentlemen tell us these troops are for California
settlers. Well, if California is a part of the Uni-
ted States at the termination of the war, (" a con-
summation devoutly to be wished,") it would
become as much our interest and duty to people it,
as it would Oregon or Nebraska. He saw nothing
in this point. California was now ours by right
of conquest, and, from any prospects of recapture
which he could discern, he judged it was likely to
continue so, unless we saw proper to sunendei it
on the restoration of peace. If we retain it, we
may leave those troops there to settle it; if not, we
have other territories there for their occupation.
The policy was a wise one, and all tile invective
of the Whig press and politicians cannot shake the
confidence of the people in the patriotism of its
design.
It was asked what the President sought by the
war? He could tell them—peace, a lasting and
honorable peace. That was sought from the first,
and was still continued. He held there was but
one course in war: no nation should go to war
until she was convinccd she was right, and then
she was obliged to prosecute it to an honorable
peace. If we could obtain it in no other way, we
musttyin it by the prowess of our arms. In re-
turn he would ask, whtitwas soughtby this whole-
sale opposition to the war? Would they have our
cause abandoned ? Would they recall the troops
from their victories ? Would they counsel a dis-
graceful retreat ? Or would they, for the sake of
reaching the President, cripple the energies of the
nation and foice her to a dishonorable peace?
But the gentleman spoke of the President as
confederating with Santa Ana. It was an utterly
ridiculous charge, and Mr. B. was astonished at the
hardihood of gentlemen in making such a charge
in the presence of that enlightened body. The
President instructed the blockading squadron not
to intercept Santa Ana. Did any man doubt the
object of the policy ? They knew that the Presi-
dent acted on the principle that if Santa Ana could
get into Mexico, the rival chiefs might go to war,
and by civil commotion aid the efforts of the Uni-
ted States, it was a consummate piece of policy,
prompted by the noblest patriotism. Would gen-
tlemen, then, tell the people that the President
should have labored to preserve the brotherhood
of the Mexican people? The President had dorm
nothing but what he was bound to do by the most
sacred obligations of patriotism. He would not
do the gentlemen the discredit of imputing to them
anything but malevolence to the Administration in
their assaults. He characterized the assaults on
the Executive as disgraceful. It was much easier
to blacken a reputation than to maintain one.
Talk of the President, who is daily assailed on
