76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 7,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Seddon.
Ho. of Kefs.
this floor, as an usurper and plunderer, for the en-
ergy with which he is prosecuting the war, as
confederating with the enemy! It is absurd, too
absurd for credulity. And who makes this ridic-
ulous charge? The very assailants themselves—
gentlemen who denounce the success of our arms
as usurpation and plunder. Was there ever a
greater piece of mockery?
The gentleman fiom Tennessee [Mr. Gentry]
supposes that the President had been rendered sen-
sitive by the question,£t Who is James K. Polk?"
and he desired to create a sensation in the world,
and render his administration as glorious as Mr.
Tyler's by some brilliant achievement of annex-
ation. As to Mr. Tyler, Mr. B. would leave him
to the defence of those who elevated him to power.
But he had thought the glorious results of the last
Presidential election had made the Whigs pretty
sick of that question. He had thought that they
had learned by dear-bought experience at the same
time, the hazard of assuming an air of contempt
towards the Democratic candidate, and most em-
phatically who James K. Polk was. He was per-
fectly aware that those who were in the habit of
worshipping men, and not principles, found it hard
to reconcile the idea of a great parly leaving the
theatre of political strife to select their candidate
from the great body of the people—from the less
ostentatious, but more honorable and virtuous
walks of private life. It was to men, exalted and
elevated men, dazzling in the glare of " a bubble
reputation,'" that the opposite party looked for lead-
er?, and of course they could not comprehend the
democratic faith which spumed to know men, as
contradistinguished from principles. Then, in the
true spirit of democracy, the answer to the gen-
tleman's interrogatory would be, that we care not
individually who he js. lie is the representative
of our principles, the standard-bearer of our faith.
The worship of men is not in the code of our po-
litical creed. We worship principles, holy and
sacred principles, and cling with an ardor equalled
only by the love we bear those principles to the
accredited organ of our party to carry them out.
Gentlemen delude themselves if they think they
gain anything by this question. What care we
about men, who are struggling for the maintenance
of those ptinciples which are to secure the enjoy-
ment of our liberty, our happiness, and our pros-
perity' What care we whether the man who is
the chosen representative of those principles is
brought from the senate or the plough, from the
bar or the mechanic's* bench, so that he has intel-
ligence and morality, and is faithful to the cause
that secures and perpetuates our dearest rights as
freemen'1 U is for the supremacy of our principles
that we fight; and their faithful representative, be
he who he may, shall have our most cordial and
warm support. We will cherish and sustain him
to the last m carrying out tho.se great principles
which the people elevated him to secure and per-
petuate.
Mr. B. could give the Whigs, by way of consola-
tion, assurance that the war was popular with the
people; that in the prosecution of it they would
sustain and support the President; that, armed with
their confidence; the missiles aimed at him would
fall harmless, and in the present crisis that the
nation would rally as one man m support of the
honor and glory of the country.
SLAVERY QUESTION".
SPEECH OF MR. J. A. SEDDON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
Thursday, January 7, 1847.
The Bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional
Military Force, being under consideration in
Committee of the Whole—
Mr. SEDDON" said:
Mr. Chairman: I have, on behalf of myself,
and, as I doubt not, of every southern representa-
tive on this floor, to make to my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Dargan,] who has just taken his scat,
grateful acknowledgments for the ability and wis-
dom, with which he has exposed the dangers which
menace us all from the state of affairs induced by
the reckless agitation of the gentleman from New
York. Sir, he has discharged in part a duty which
I feel to be incumbent^ on me likewise. When,
two days since, the extraordinary sentiments
which, under the subterfuge of a personal expla-
nation, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pres-
ton King] avowed, in a formal, elaborate argu-
ment, were heard by me, my first impulse was at
once to rise and demand of the courtesy and jus-
tice of the House, an opportunity, instantly, and
on the spot, to meetand repel his insidious assault,
not less on the Constitution of the country and the
union of these States, than on the institutions and
rights of my own section. That I restrained this
strong impulse was ascribable not to any convic-
tion of its impropriety, but because there were
present older and abler members from the South, i
from whom I thought might more appropriately j
and potentially come the lebuke the gentleman so j
richly merited, and the vindication of the rights 1
and interests of our section. When, under the
circumstances, they held silence, 1 felt it must be
from hopelessness of being then heard, and that it
ill became me to obtrude myself needlessly for-
ward. But, sir, I only stayed my impatience until
I could legitimately, under the rules of the House,
obtain the opportunity of reply; and after some
striving, I must congratulate myself that liberty of
speech is now accorded to me. Sir, personally, I
know myself to be one of the humblest of the
members of this House; but however unworthy,
I have the honor to represent one of the most en-
lightened and influential constituencies in the lead-
ing southern State of the Union. I am too, sir,
(as it is my pride to be,) a southern man—-south-
( ern by birth and education, in feeling and in inter-
est; and I should be craven to my high represent-
ative duties, and dead to the purest, emotions that
animate my heart, if I did not warmly maintain
the assaulted institutions and interests of the South,
and indignantly repel the glaring injustice medita-
ted against them.
But, Mr. Clmiiman, befoie I proceed to my
main purpose, it may be well to be guarded against
the possibility of misconception or misrepresenta-
tion, in a matter in reference to which prejudice
and clamor but too often usurp the place of justice
and sound judgment. I wish to state the estimate
which I—and may I not say, we of the South, for
all I believe accord in this matter—place upon the
union of these States. 1 regard and venerate it as
the noble work of the heroic ancestry who achiev-
ed and established our liberties;—as the result, sir,
of pi evidential necessities of the time, stamping it,
in its consequent adaptation to the circumstances
and feelings of the people for whom it was framed,
with more of a divine than human wisdom;—as
the system under which, for sixty years, our
fathoisand ourselves have prospered and flourished,
enjoying a government of laws, and the institu-
tions of freedom. But the high and patriotic as-
sociations which hallow it to our feelings, no less
than a wise appreciation of all the blessings it has
conferred, imperatively demand that it should be
valued and revered, not for its name nor its sem-
blance, but for its spirit and its realities—for the
Constitution on which it rests—for the solemn
compromises of that sacred instrument, and the
guarantees it afford* to our liberties and our rights.
That Constitution was designed to maintain the
freedom, to guard the peace, and guaranty the
rights of the people of all the States, equally and im-
partially. While it so operates, it is beyond all
price. ' But, sir, let it be perverted from its just
ends of equal government, and be made the pre-
text and instrument of gross inequalities and fa-
voritism—of direct attack on the institutions and
peace of one-half of the States of the Union—of
insult and injury, outrage and wrong on them and
theirs, it becomes of less worth than the scroll on
which it is written, and, like every symbol of ty-
ranny, should be rent and scattered to the winds.
The crisis, Mr. Chairman, which the rash and
ill-advised course of the gentleman from New
York has developed, is grave and momentous, in-
deed. I profoundly feel it to be so. In it, sir, 1,
and I believe every southern representative here,
has taken his position, and ice mean to hold it.
Not from timidity or weakness, but from prudence
and choice, we plant ourselves on the Constitu-
tion and its solemn compromises; and, occupying
even its outermost works, we stand osi the defen-
sive, resolved to resist any, the least encroach-
ment, at the hazard of all future consequences.
The ultimate issue of the conflict may involve the
dissolution of the Union: and the consequences
of that great disaster—of the subversion of the
whole fabric of our federative institutions—no. hu-
man vision is extended enough to discern—no
mortal ken, wise enough to predict. In my own
opinion—as, had I time, 1 would endeavor to
show—these consequences would be of infinitely
greater disaster to the North than to the South.
Be they, however, of whatever frightful aspect, if
coming from our position and action in defence of
the Constitution and our guarantied rights, not on
us be the responsibility. We are but in the sim-
ple line of obvious duty, and may well leave re-
sults to time and God.
" Si fiactus illabitur orbjc,
Nos unpavidos feuerit ruiiue."
And when, sir, from the grave of the present,
then the past, shall emerge sad visions of the
bright prospects of this great republic, as a whole,
forever blasted—of its glorious auguries of future
grandeur and utility to man, forever unfulfilled
and gone—when from that tomb shall emerge the
pale spectre of a mangled Constitution and a dis-
membered Union, not for us will it be* to start or
quake, but for the instigators and movers in the
wanton attacks now made upon us, to have their
eyeballs seared, and to shrink cowering and
aghast. Yam for them the coward plea of Mac-
beth, "Shake not thy gory locks at me, 'twas
not I that did it." Conscience will point home
to them the fearful apparition, and the execrations
of their countrymen will pronounce them guilty -
of "the deep damnation of that taking off."
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to an examination
of the gross and offensive proposition imbodied m
the bill thrust upon us by the gentleman from New
York. What is it? Why, briefly to ordain, as a
permanent fundamental law of the Union, that no
acquisitions of territory to be made by the United
States, whether in the present war or hereafter,
by conquest, by purchase, or in any manner what-
ever, shall ever be open to slavery, or, in other
words, to the slaveholding population of one-half
of this Confederacy, with their property. This
proposition, as offensive as it is grossly unconsti-
tutional, is sustained by a long argument, smuggled
into the House, not less arrogant and presumptu-
ous than fallacious and untrue. I say, sir, the
proposition is grossly unconstitutional". It more
than violates a single specific clause of that instru-
ment. It outrages its whole scope and spirit, and
subverts the very basis of its being. The funda-
mental principle of the Constitution is the perfect
equality and entire reciprocity of privileges and
immunities which it secures to the people of the
several States. At the inception of the Constitu-
tion, any other principle of its formation would
have been utterly inadmissible; and it would have
been as vain a task to have woven a rope from the
sands of the sea as to have bound in union the
States of this Confederacy on the least principle of
admitted inferiority and inequality as to the peo-
ple of any of the States. Jt never would have been
endured that the rights or property of one section
weie of less worth and less to be protected than
those of another. Our fathers, sir, had just emerged
with heroism and with glory from all the trials
and perils of the revolutionary struggle, in which,
from resistance to a principle mainly, of trivial,
practical oppression, yet involving a concession of
inferiority to fellow-subjects of the British isles,
and the consequent facilities of future exactions to
their utter ruin, they had, though in colonial in-
fancy, braved the mistress of the seas and the most
potent power of Christendom. They were fresh
from such recollections. The philosophy of history
had taught them, as it now bids us heed, that the
least concession of inferiority in position or rights—
the smallest provision in the fiamintf, or action in
the working of a government, by which the inter'
ests or property of one part of the people are to be
less conserved or more prejudicially operated upon
than those of another, in the course of events, as
time and occasion allowed, at the instigation of
selfish interests or ambitious lust of power, would
afford the opening, and be made the pretext and
means of encroachments and inroads, until supev
riority, riches, and domination would become the
arrogated possession of the favored portion, and
degradation, impoverishment, and subjection, the
bitter lot of the other. Our ancestors, the heroes
