1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Seddon.
Ho. of Reps.
and sages of the South, who won immortal renown !
in the Revolution, would have scouted inequalities I
in theUnion, in reference to the persons or property !
of their section. |
On the subject of slavery especially, which was
felt to be a sensitive and delicate interest, one of ,
the sacred compromises of the Constitution was :
exacted; and so careful were they to provide for |
the stability of that domestic institution, that one :
of the provisions of the Constitution plainly re- i
cognises it, and provides the means of the sum- \
mary enforcement of the master's rights over his !
slaves, when fugitives in any of the free States. j
In another of the most important compromises of J
the Constitution, slavery, though not by name, is J
clearly referred to, and recognised, and made the j
basis of conciliatory arrangement as to suffrage. !
Nor was that arrangement in the least in conflict i
with that equality of privilege and protection, de- ,
manded for the rights of all; for as slaves were !
even by the laws of the slaveholding States in ]
some lights regarded a.s persons, and contributed j
to substitute the labor and resources, which other ,
population would have afforded, while they were j
also, and more essentially property, they were felt j
and conceded to be proper subjects to constitute a
mixed basis of representation. The end and pur-
pose of this was to attain the indispensable equali-
ty of rights insisted on; and at the North, at least,
it has never been regarded as any concession of
inequality on the part of the South, but rather been
matter of complaint as a superior privilege of the
for her banners, the slaveholding portion of the |
Confederacy has furnished at least their due pro- !
portion. What the great achievement of peace or |
war that has signalized our annals, in which slave- <
holders participated not? Is there a sod of soil, a '
strip of territory won by the unaided valor, or j
purchased by the separate treasure of the northern \
men ? If so, there may be some pretence for their I
appropriating and engrossing it to our exclusion. 1
There is none. Well, sir, has it come now to
this, (and naught else is the meaning or effect of
the provision I denounce,) that the whole slave-
holding population of the Union, who own one-
half, and that in soil and clime the fairest and most
favored half of the Union, who constitute the peo-
ple of half the States, and amount to near half
of the whole population of the Union, are, with
our guarantied property, and because of it, to be
debarred and excluded from all the future common
acquisitions of our joint blood and joint treasure.
Sir, the proposition is monstrous—too gross and
too plain to be argued against. We of the South— ;
I say it plainly and firmly—never can and never
will submit to such a principle. To do so, would
be to argue us unworthy of our ancestry and their
heritage of fame and freedom, and would exhibit
us as but too ready to be degraded and oppressed, j
meriting richly the dishonor and exactions we I
would by slow degrees but soon inevitably real- j
ize. t
Nor, sir, can it be tamely allowed that the legis- ;
)t lation and influence of this Federal Government i
slaveholders. Are we not, then, to conclude, that |j shall be politically and morally directed to discoun- !
under the Constitution, and in the action of this \\ tenance the institutions and prejudice the property j
Government, the people and institutions of the j| of the South, both of which it is under the most ;
South are to be fully as much respected and re- !| solemn obligations to conserve and maintain. The j
garded as the people and institutions of the Worth ? ij course of truth and justice in this matter is too i
and that the rights to property, whether to slaves !| plain to be mistaken. The common acquisitions
or any other chattels, in the one section of the Con
federacy, are to be as much conserved, and to be \
as little debarred from full enjoyment by their i
owners, and as little prejudiced by invidious legis- i
lation as those of the other? Strange, indeed,
would it be under a constitution expressly framed
for general defence and common welfare, with a
view to firmer union and more stable peace, if
property in slaves, which constitutes the most im-
portant possessions of one-half the States, and is
by far the most valuable item of personal property
in the Union, is not to be the subject of equal pro-
tection and regard, but is to be viewed with hostili-
ty and suspicion, and to be discountenanced and
sunken in value and utility by the legislation of
the Government of this Union. Yet, sir, by the
odious provision of the bill I am considering, the
slaveholders, with their property, are to be frown-
ed on and condemned, They are to be proscribed
and invidiously excluded from the common terri-
tories of the Union—the joint possession of the
of the blood and treasure of the Union must be
open and free to the slaveholder, with his property
and domestic institutions, as to the northern man,
with his property and his familiar household privi- !.
leges. The legislation and the influence of our |j
common government must be directed to the injury j
of no section—to the impairment and depression of |
the rights of property, the overthrow of peace and i
the stability of institutions, in no portion of the j
Confederacy; but to the like protection and secu-
rity, and to the equal conservation and mainte- |
nance of the institutions, the rights of property, |
and the domestic relations of all sections of the
Union. We of the South place ourselves securely
on the basis of equality and mutual privilege. We
seek not exclusive appropriation, nor peculiar im-
munities. We ask not to exclude our fellow-citi-
zens of the North, nor proscribe their property.
But, sir, to test the right and constitutionality of
the proposed invidious distinction against us 'and
ours, let analogous action on our part be supposed.
States of the Confederacy acquired or to be acquired j| Suppose, instead of a provision by fundamental
by the joint swords or common treasure of the ;
people of the States. ;
Mr. Chairman, from the establishment of this I
Government the slaveholder and the citizen of t
the North have constantly co-worlced upon equal j
footing in effecting its ends and discharging its ;
functions. In the national councils they have par- '
ticipatcd, and held like places of trust and honor.
law to exclude the slaveholder with his pioperty, [
we should propose to exclude from the common ;
territory of the Union the northern man with any j
kind of his property—for instance, every man
from the North, who should bring with him a sin- i
gle article of northern manufacture for aid and j
comfort in his new home in the wilderness—how I
else could the proposal be characterized than as
In the halls of representation the slaveholder and \\ monstrous and grossly unconstitutional? Or, that ,
the northern representative [have and do sit down ;j the illustration may be more pointed and come
together, and together deliberate and mature the || directly home to the present matter, is it not plain J:
measures of legislation for a common country. The j j that if the exclusion of slaves in such common ter-
collective wisdom of the North and the South has ;j ritory may be proscribed by fundamental law, so
together watched q,ver and guided our glorious Re- !j with parity of power may their introduction be j.
public on her advancing course to the fulfilment, so ;i required and enforced; and if all slaveholders,;
far, of noble destinies. In the fearful conflicts of i J coming with slaves may be prohibited nnd exclu- 11
arms, (and we, since our Union, have encountered j ded, all freemen of the North coming without them
once and again the Power before which all Europe ,, may with equal right be debarred entrance and -
succumbs,) the slaveholder of the South and the l! residence. Yet were the latter our proposition, as
" 1 ' :i- ] [ the former is theirs, how loud and with what mani- ■!
i fest justice would be the outcry of the North
! against our rapacity and our gross outrage on the '
northern man have stood gallantly side by side,
now under the skilful lead of a slaveholder—a
Jackson or a Taylor—now under that of a cham-
pion from the north—a Brown or a Worth—jointly ;
braving the battle and the breeze, dying the same i
sod or deck with their blood—sharing the same j
triumph, and receiving the same meed of a grate- i
ful country's praise; and I trust I may be permit-
ted, without assumption, to say, that of the wisdom i
that has guided the councils of our Republic—of j|
the statesmanship which has administered herl;
affairs, at home and abroad—of the martial genius |l
which on land and by sea has commanded victory l'
common charter of our Confederacy. Of a verity,
then, sir, there can be rightfully no prohibition and
exclusion to either section—its people or its pro-
perty. We ask it not against others; neither, sir,
ouo-ht we, or will we, permit it as to ourselves.
We plant ourselves on sheer justice—simple right
 askin®* no more, and fully resolved to receive no
less.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, the reasoning of the
gentleman from New York in support of his views
was not less extraordinary than his proposition
itself. His fundamental position I give in his own
language. He says: " Shall the territory now free,
4 which shall come to our jurisdiction, be free ter-
4 ritory, open to settlement by the laboring man of
4 the free States, or shall it be slave territory given
i up to slave labor? One or the other it must he;
4 it cannot be both;" and the reason assigned is,
that free white labor can rib t tolerate the presence
of the slave; or, in his words, <lif slavery is not
excluded by law, the presence of the slave will
exclude the laboring white man." Now, sir,
even if true, this proposition involves an arrogant
assumption of superiority in northern men, and
affords not a decent pretext for the claim of exclu-
sive appropriation; but in reality it is glaringly
untrue, and, moreover, a libel not merely on all
the white men of the South, but likewise on not a
few of the industrious freemen of the gentleman's
own section itself. Supposing it true that the
freemen of the North and the slaveholder of the
South, with his property,could not together occu-
py and possess the common acquisitions of the
Union: On what ground should the former arro-
gate superiority, and claim exclusive appropriation
of all? Are they better men, wiser, purer, or
greater? Have they accomplished more, fought
more, or paid more proportionally for the Union
than we of the South? It might furnish some
ground for equitable allotment or division of the
territory to be acquired; but all compromise, even
on the basis of the great pacific settlement of the
Missouri question, which is now regarded in the
mind of the people as assimilated to fundamental
law, is denied apd scouted at by them. And on
no better principle, that I can perceive, than that
of the Highland Cateran:
" Th;u he should take who has the power,
And ho should kefp who can."
They claim to seize and engross the whole joint
acquisitions of the Union to themselves. In the
application of that principle they, unless I mistake
much, would find themselves wofully deceived.
But, sir, wc are debating of right not might, and
the pharisaical pretension that they are not as other
men, can be only the subject of rebuke and deri-
sion.
But how notoriously untrue the assumption that
the free laborer is not to be found and cannot en-
dure to exist within the bounds of the slave States.
Does the gentleman mean to libel the whole white
population of the slavebolding Slates as slothful
drones, and to maintain that they are not laborers
too? Why, sir, the whites of the slave States are
industrious and energetic to the full as much so,
in my opinion, as any people of the North, or any
other country. They labor themselves in their
different vocations. Many manually and in the
severest kinds of toil. They honor labor as the
proudest evidence of manly independence, and give
to it all befitting rewards in even larger measure
than is bestowed at the North. It is utterly un-
founded to pretend that the free white labor, even
of the North, cannot endure the presence or toler-
ate the existence of slaves within the same terri-
tory with itself. Not merely will all southern white
men prove the contrary—the laborers from the
North who have been allured to the South by its
more genial clime, or its larger rewards to labor,
(and such exist arid thrive among us in numbers,)
will repel with indignation the gentleman's slur
upon them and us. The northern freemen not able
to endure the contamination of slavery in the same
State with them, indeed ! Ltt the gentleman from
New York come to my own city, and 1 will show
him not a few freemen of the North—Yankees, if
he chooses—worthy, industrious, useful citizens,
applying their chaiacteristioenterpriseand shrewd-
ness to e\ery department of gainful labor. I mean
i no reproach to the freemen of the North, whose
energy and steadiness in all legitimate pursuits I
1 admue, but 1 thought it was their own boast that
true-blooded Yankees would go anywhere—to the
uttermost isles of the ocean—to the and deserts of
• Africa, or the frozen shores of the Artie—to the
wilds of the savage, or the marts of the most civil-
' iZed—whenever they could earn an honest penny,
or secure a comfortable livelihood. The gentle-
: man may safely dismiss his idle apprehensions on
this score. ^ --
| In this connexion, Mr. Chairman, it is some-j
■ what amusing to note how the pretences on which
