82
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Dec. 28,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War-—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. of Reps.
4 condition. All must perceive (says Mr. Marcy)
' and rejoice in the fact, that the spirit of the age
* tends to peace. He is not the friend of man that
' would not do all that in him lies to give force and
«energy to this spirit, and who would not rejoice
'to see it infuse itself into the councils of nations."
In a like spirit, Mr. Secretary Bancroft, late of
the Navy Department, in allusion to pending diffi-
culties, feelingly remarked, that "we who remain
' at home will water the tree of peace, so that its
•roots shall strike to the very heart of the earth,
' and its branches tower to the heavens. We will
' so nurture and protect it, that its verdure shall be
* perennial; that no spirit of animosity shall sway
>its branches; that not even a spirit of discord
' shall rustle its topmost boughs." And Mr. Post-
master General Johnson, too, emphatically says:
"I believe that international war has just and hon-
' orable substitutes: such as a liberal justice in trea-
* ties,negotiation,and arbitration; and thatthetime
' has comt, when obligations to settle differences
' without resort to the swoi'd may safely be made
c a part of treaties between Christian nations."
This is the language, sir, of the President and
his Cabinet; and it is the language and the feeling
of the entire mass of the American people. No
one wants war, so long as the untarnished honor
of the nation can be preserved. It holds out an
alternative, to be embraced only when stern neces-
sity demands it. We have seen that that hour has
fully come. To shrink from the conflict now,
would be weak and cowardly. Our rights have
been invaded, abused, trampled upon. And it was
not until after all negotiation had ceased to hold
out the promise of an amicable settlement, that the
great blow was struck, from which theie is no re-
treat but that which must result from an honorable
peace. In the meanwhile, our domestic enemies
are actually doing us and the country more posi-
tive injury, than our open foes in the mountain
gorges of Mexico.
Here, tirade after tirade are thrown before the
country, to harrow up the public mind, and to sow
dissension and discord among our citizens; but ex-
amples of this character, as we have seen, are not
new. Our two former wars were full of them,
though it would seem that the copy ists of the pres-
ent day have far outstripped the originals. I have
put my hand on several of these precious speci-
mens of "love of country" recently: those, mainly,
which came from public meetings, from public jour-
nals of the day, and from the pulpit, in 1812 and
1814, and some of later date.
The first of the series, I take from the Boston
Gazette of 1814:
"Let no man who wishes to continue the win hy active
means, try vote or lending money, dare to ^'Tostratc himself at
the altar on the fast day, for they are actually as much par-
takers in the war as the soldier who thnMs the bayonet;
and the JUDGMENT OF GOD WILL AWAIT HIM!"
Again:
" WilJ FEDERALISTS subscribe to tlic loan ? Will they
lend money to our national lulers? To what purpose have
Federalists excited themselves to show the wickedness, to
rouse the public sentiment against it, and to show tin; au-
thors of it, not only to be unwoithy oj public confidence, but
highly criminal, if they now contribute the sums, without
which their rulers must be compelled to stop—must be compel-
led to return to the policy and measures under which tlus
country was once at peace and in singular prosperity."
The next is one among a series of resolutions
adopted on the 14th July, 1S12, on that old stamp-
ing ground of Democracy, the State of Massachu-
setts:
" Resolved, That our rulers [James Madison, &c ] have
prostrated our national character, sacrificed our vital inter-
ests, and finally involved us, unprepared, in the calamities
of war."
The following is extracted from an address of
the Federalists of Boston, in August, of the same
year:
" In an evil hour, Mr. Jefferson gained the Presidential
chair. Our country, then prosperous, has been grievously
oppressed by ruinous commeicial restuctions, which, tor
many years, have been wantonly imposed by die Govern-
ment of the United States; arul lis measure of iniquity is now
filled up by a declaration of war against Great Britain—a war
impolitic, unnecessarily and unjust.
" Our common interests, tibei ties, a?id safety, arc now [1812]
more injured, opposed, and endangered, by the doings of our
own National Government, than they were when, m 1775, ice
took wp arms to protect and defend them against the measures
of the British Government."
The United States Gazette, of Philadelphia, held
forth as follows during the last war:
" The war is purely Democratic. Ii was undertaken for
7)e.morratie and not for national purpose*. Let Democrats,
therefore> terminate it in the best manner they can. vv e have
no partnership in the m\tter. We say again, let the
Democrats end their ridiculous war in the best way they
can; and if, in so doing, they surrender any of our essentia!
right*, the nation will employ competent men for the recov-
ery of tliem." * ~ "* * * * "* r * "
" The war has hitherto been the war of a party. Letitso
continue and so be terminated ! The disgrace will then con-
tinue to be the disgrace of the party, and not of the nation—
A CONSUMMATION DEVOUTLY TO BE WISHED. LettllOSeWUO
have hitherto abstained from the war continue to abstain,
arid thereby preserve the honor, and so far as they still re-
main,the resources of the COUNTRY FOR THE EVENTS
WHICH ARE TO FOLLOW!"
The Worcester Spy, of 1814, has the following j
very pitiful, grave, disconsolate, and solemn decla- j
rations, as to the justice of the war of 1812. The j
editor of that paper is more honest than some of
his kindred; he does not dodge Federalism at all:
"We have uniformly entered our solemn protest against
this desolating war, which originated in the wicked, malignant
pactions of a corrupt and imbecile Government."
" No republican people were ever so harassed, perplexed,
and disgraced, by a captious and corrupt set of rulers, as the
people of this country."
" Such a Government is worse than none "
" The evils the Federalists have long predicted are thick-
ening upon us, and in our affliction let us always remember,
it is James Madison arul his pat ty that have brought these
calamities on its."
" This obstinate, infatuated man, plunges us into a wanton,
wicked war—a cringing couard."
" Our cowardly captam-gcneral galloped his poor beast
thirty miles from the battle-ground."
Now, (said Mr. S.}) I will try and show what
sort of stand the pulpit took daring the war of
1812. I hold in my hand several sweet speci-
mens of pulpit oratory, vented at that momentous
period. A Mr. Gardiner, pastor of Trinity Church,
Boston, gravely told his congregation—
"That it was a war unexampled in the history of the
world ; wantonly proclaimed on the most frivolous aiul gtouvd-
less pretences, against a nation from whoso friendship we
might derive the most signal advantages,'and from whose
hostility we have reason to dread the most tremendous
losses.
" Every provocation has been offered to Great Britain on
our part ', and our resentment has risen in proportion as she
has shown a conciliating spirit.
" Let no considerations whatever, my Jrethren, deter you, at
all times, awl in all places, f torn execrating the jn escnt war.
It is a war unjust, foolish, arid ruinous. It is unjust because
Great Britain has offered us every concession short of what
she conceives would he her iiiin.
" Jls Mr. Madison has declared war, let Mr. Madison carry
it on.
" The Union has been Ions; sincc virtually dissolved; and it
it full time*that this part of the disunited States should take
carc of itself "
So much for the patriotic fire of the pulpit in
" the days that tried men's souls." And now for 1
some further specimens of this pulpit eloquence.
Let us listen for a moment to the Rev. Mr. Osgood,
pastor of the Medford Church, in 1812:
" If, at the command of weak or wicked rulers, they un-
dertake an unjust war, ca<*h man who volunteers his services
in such a cause, or loans his money for its support, or by his
conversation, his writings, or any other mode of influence,
encourages its prosecution, that man is an accomplice in the
wickedness, loads his con^cifncp with the blackest
crimes, brings the guilt ok blood upon his soul, an >
in thf sight of god ant) his law is a murderer.
"Wore not the authors of this war in character nearly
akiri to the deists and atheists of France; weiethey not men
of hardened hearts, scared consciences, reprobate minds, and
desperate wickedness, it seems uttei Jy inconceivable that tliey
should have mado tho declaiation."
" One hope only remains, that this last stroke of perfidy
may open the eyes of a besotted people; that they may
awake, like a giant from lu<* f-lumbers, and wreak thtii\vcn-
geance on their betrayers, by drirdng them from, their stations,
and placing at the helm more skilful and faithful hands."
If the fountain-head of sympathy is not already
run dry in tears of contrition for poor persecuted
Britain in the last war, just see how the Rev. Dr.
Parish, another of the ermine, disposes of the
patriots of that day:
" Let every man who sanctions this war by his suffrage or
influence, remember that he is laboringto cover himself and
his country with blood. The blood of the slain will ciyfrom
the ground against him."
"How will the supporters of this anti-Christian warfare
endure their sentence—endure their own reflections—en-
dure the fire that forever burns, the worm which never dies, the
hosannas oj heaven—while the smoke of their torments
ascends for ever and ever."
But enough from these black-robcd gentry of
other days. I turn, sir, from the sickening frecital
with loathing and disgust. And now for the deep-
drawn sighs and lamentations of more modern
times.
The Federal press of this country seem deter-
mined not to be outstripped by their religious teach-
ers of old. The editor of the New York Tribune,
among the sharpest set and keenest of his creed—
who has kept himself on short allowance and fed „
on bran bread until his skeleton frame is fairly
whittled into the anatomy of a Calvin Edson—thus
breaks forth upon the war:
"What means this war?—The House of Representa-
tives has virtually declared war against Mexico. What is
implied m that?
"It means that, so far as our Government can effect it,
the laws of Heaven are su-^pendedj and those of hell estab-
lished in their stead. It meaiij> that the commandment.-? are
to be read and obeyed by our people thus: Thou shalt kill
Mexicans; thou shall, steal fiom them, hate them, burn their
houses, ravage their fields, and Ore red-hot cannon balls into
towns swarming with their wives and children. It means
that we are to stop pioducing food, clothing, and comforts,
and turn to making swords, bullets, chain-shots, shells, and
all the devilish enginery of human c.unase. It means that
we are to exhaust bur treasuiy, multiply taxes, incur public
debts, and mortgage the sweat and blood of honest labor for
untold years to come. It means security, quiet, and glad-
ness, are to be driven fiom earth and occan, and their places
usurped by butchery, rape, devastation, and horror. It
means that improvement is to be airested, the ble^ed arts
of peace neglccted, and the world recede towaid the mid-
night of barbarism."
I don't know, sir, but in the face of this prc-
cious morsel of editorial patriotism, " brother Gar-
diner," as well as " brothers Osgood and Parish,'*
will have to give in. It seems fairly to outstrip
them all. Before any rump Federal court that could
be raked together, it would beat the cleverest thing
they have ever said, and give them twenty in the
game. For this beautiful blossom of the' imagina-
tion, the Mayor of New York should have him
immediately voted the freedom of the city. Due
honors should never be cruelly withheld from the
truly deserving. But the Tribune editor, with a
spirit of patriot fire yet unqucnched and unsub-
dued, could scarcely permit this modest expres-
sion of his feelings to stand alone. He follows up
| his hand, and thus appeals to the whole people of
' this country:
" People of the United States, your rulers are precipita-
ting >ou into a fathomless abyss of cumc and calamity I
Why sleep you thoughtless on its verge, as though this was
not your business, or inuider could be hid from the sight of
God by a few flimsy rags called banners ? Awake and arrest
the work of butchery eie it shall be too late to preserve
your souls from the guilt of whole*-ale slaughter! Hold
meetings! Speak out! Act!"
Following the lead of the Tribune, ^though, I
confess, in something of a modified tone of bitter-
ness,) the Ohio State Journal, the leading Federal
print in my own State, adopts the following, in
reference to the horrors of this war:
" Mr. Polk and his advisers, who have brought this war
upon us, begin to repent of the madness and folly that have
characterized their proceedings. * * * * *
They are anxious to throw upon Mexico the responsibility
of bunging about the war. They would represent our Gov-
ernment as kind and forbearing, under long-continued provo-
cations and aggressions. They would proclaim Mexico the-
asgre&sor, and chaige upon her the butchery of American
citizens on Amenc<m soil?" A * *-
"The Whigs were willing to a man, to vote means to
defend our soil, and rescue our gallant airny, endangered by
the WEAKNESS AND WICKEDNESS OF THE PRESI-
DENT, but they were not willing to expose the country to
all the hoirors of a piotiaeted war by deelanng the war
already commenced, when they had received no official
noticu that the war-making power of Mexico had authosized
an assault. * * * * If the blood ofgallcnt men
is to bcapilled, if the treasury is to be impoverished, our
vessels plundered and scuttled, and their crews butchered,
if oui coast is to be exposed and tho nation made to feel the
horrors of war, they wished the country to remember who
brought about these,.things."
And the editor of the Boston Atlas, faithfully
chiming in with the rude anathemas of " those who
had gone that way before him," vehemently ex-
claims, " Ml the wrong of the tear—all the evil of it—
' all the soiroiv it may occasion, belongs to Mr. Polk."
And how promptly and well, too, did one of my
colleagues, at the last session, give vent to the like
expressions of condemnation in this Hall. Pitch-
ing his voice to the most indignant and inflamma-
tory tone, he proclaimed to us here: " Send your
'armies, in the prosecution of this illegal, un-
* righteous, and damnable war, to the moun*
i tains of Mexico, and disease and the foe will
' sweep them off in thousands."
I come now to the late spcech of one of my col-
leagues, [Mr. Root.] Here is an extract, which
makes it a perfectly clear case that we are most
outrageously in the wrong in our conflict with
Mexico. This attorney for Mexico, who thus
appears here in vindication of the injured rights of
that " poor oppressed people," has made a pretty
bloody affair of it on our part. This is his lan-
guage:
