1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. of Reps.
" As to where the first blood was spilt, there was no dis-
pute. But there was dispute as to whom the territory be-
longed. It was Mexico's as clearly as the city of Mexico
itself. The United States never had had possession of it.
}n the valley of the Rio Grande, where the United States
Government had caused the first blood to be spilt, there were
Mexicans whoso grandfathers lay lniried there. It was an
inference which gentlemen drew, hut wholly unsupported
by facts, that American blood had been first shed by Mexico
on American soil. It was said that the war wa< not carried
on for conquest. Oh! no. * * * * But did they mean
to charge nothing for the poor follows who had been <daugh-
teied? flow much would thev charge for a man? No. Let
them not submit that question to the Flou^e, but ask the
widow and orphans to fix the amount; and thou they would
find that they had got crime enough against Mexico to take
Iier ia=t acre. Somebody had got to square up and foot the
bill. If the widows could not bring tlieni to account, God
would bring them to aecount.
I shall leave the account of this gentleman to be
settled with his constituents, and turn to notice for
a moment how promptly his Excellency Governor
Bebb, of Ohio, squares up to the same good old
Federal creed. In his late Inaugural, he says:
"And how, with the Constitution of the United States in
oui hands, proclaiming that Congress alone shall have power
to declare war, can we behold a Piesident of the United
States trample that sacred instrument in the dust, dehbei-
ately, and without the advice of Congress then in session
involve the country in a foreign war of conquest, and yet
not dare give utterance to our indignant condemnation of
his unconstitutional acts I Where is the man who docs not
know and feel that this Mexican war is a presidential war!
A war which, before its commencement, Congress would
not have declared I A war begun without adequate cause,
and without any great, justifiable, and commensurate object,
compatible with the interest and integrity of the Union."
Mr. S. said lie had plenty more of the same sort:
he might read hundreds of sermons in the same
strain. And he could quote hundreds of resolutions,
such as the Whigs were passing now, putting our
own country all in the wrong and Britain in the
right. These gentlemen could shed pious tears
over the death of Mexicans: they called it murder
and piracy—unprovoked butchery of a peaceable
unoffending people! massacre of defenceless women
and children ! It might be a fact that some women
and children, too, had perished in the conflict.
When had it been otherwise? Did these gentle-
men shed any of these tender tears, and vent any
of these doleful complaints when the British turned
their Indians on our frontier? Were no women
and no children butchered then? But one of their
leading men could declare in open Senate, that,
though the British were battering down the walls
of the Capitol, he would not vote a dollar to be
put into the hands of the President, to prevent it.
Such was their language then, and such it is now.
Thus it was that by speeches and by the press,
gentlemen on the other side gave " aid and com-
fort" to the enemy. These speeches of members
of Congress, and these articles in the Whig pa-
pers, had gone through all Mexico, and were read
in " the halls of the Montezumas." And by lan-
guage like this the Government and people of
Mexico were strengthened and encouraged to be-
lieve that a large and powciful party in the United
States were on their side. Now, he would ask
gentlemen to suppose that articles of such a strain
were published in the Mexican papers against the
Mexican side of the question. What would be
their effect here ? Should we not at once conclude
that Mexico was divided, that there was a rupture
in her councils, and that she would soon have to
submit—-just as the British Ministry and nation
thought in the last war, and just as they had con-
cluded in the war of the Revolution? But they
were mistaken in both cases, and Mr. S. could
here tell the Mexicans that the great body of the
American people were not against this war; but,
on the contrary, believed it just, and were resolv-
ed to prosecute it to a successful issue.
Gentlemen objected to taking Mexican territory
as indemnity for what Mexico owed for spoliations
and robberies; this th'ey denounced as unjust, un-
constitutional, oppiessive, cruel, and devilish. But
his colleagues (both lawyers) must give him leave
to tell them that this was just what they did them-
selves every day. They had done it a thousand
times for their own clients, whether the parties
were willing or unwilling. If it was damnable in
us to do it to Mcxico, it was no less so in these
gentlemen to do it to their neighbors. But it was
not damnable, nor cruel, nor unjust at all; but
right, perfectly right. We had got a judgment
against the Mexican Government; they acknow-
ledged the debt, but refused to pay. One of their
Congresses had passed an act ordering payment to
be made us, but the next Congress had repealed
the law. Well, it was said they were unable to
pay; they had no money. Then, we then took out
a distress warrant and put it into the hands of Gen-
eral Taylor to levy on their lands and chattels,
make the money, and return the warrant into
court. Was this wrong? Was this damnable?
Did not these very gentlemen themselves do that
very thing every day? It was their business, their
trade; they shed no pious tears over their neigh-
bors whose property was distrained. They knew
it was right. How happened it that when England
made her conquests we heard from these gentle-
men none of this mourning? Oh, no ! it was all
right then; it was all well enough; no d n was
threatened. But when we insisted only on our
own,-what an outcry was raised! what doleful
lamentations over the murdered Mexicans!
A gentleman from North Carolina had under-
taken to prove to him that the Whigs were not
opposed to the war, because the Legislature of
that State had voted money to pay the expenses
of clothing the volunteers who were goin^; to fight i,
the Mexicans. Yes, they had voted the resolution;
but under what circumstances? After adopting a
preamble, in which the Legislature declared that
the President had causcd the war! This blurred
all the patriotic brightness that the act would other-
wise have had. It divested it of all claims to patri-
otism. That was the way the Whigs showed them-
selves patriotic. They could never do a handsome,
patriotic thing, without encumbering it with "ifs,"
and "whys,'1 and £{ wherefores," and "there-
fores." [A laugh.]
Mr. S. said that his colleague [Mr Gidpimgs]
had boasted very loudly about his being sustained
by his district.
Mr. GIDDINGS disclaimed having made any
such boast.
Mr. SAWYER begged his pardon. It was his
other colleague [Mr. Root] who had done it. 'Tins
colleague had boasted much about his targe major-
ity, and how his people sustained him, do what he
would. But the gentleman was mistaken. He
would be a minority Representative in the next
Congress. A majority of five hundred and five
votes had been cast against him. He was in a
minority in his own district; nor did he stand alone
in this matter; there were three or four more in the
same predicament. A plurality of candidates had
been run by the opposite party, and among the
strife these gentlemen got elected. But they were
not Representatives of the majority of their con-
stituents in their districts. But Mr. S. could boast
with truth that his district had sustained him; for,
though he had gone the whole figure, fifty-four
forty and all, they had increased ins majority by
fourteen hundred votes over all other candidates.
Mr. S. occupied a proud position: his boasting
colleague did not. He had been condemned by
the people; a majority of his district had notsus- .
tained him. A mere fortuitous circumstance had !
given him his seat.
[Mr. GiDDiNfis, interrupting, said that the third
candidate's votes would have been given to Mr.
Root had that candidate not run.]
To which Mr. S. replied, that was quite proba-
ble, for he believed there was very little difference
in Ohio between the self-styled Whigs and the
Abolitionists.
There is, t>aid Mr. S., just now, a most glorious
state of things in Ohio. I w ill cite the attention of
this House, and of this country, to the subject of
Abolition there. At our last election, the Federal |
candidate for Governor (Mr. Bebb) came out for
a repeal of what are usually termed "the black
laws." In some districts he did this, in others he
dodged the question.
[Here Mr. Giddings inquired where it was that \
Mr. Bebb had said he was not for an uncondi- '
tional repeal of " the black laws?"]
It was, said Mr. S., in my own town of St. ;
Mary's, sir, and I stand prepared to prove it when I
denied by Mr. Bebb or any of his friends. Yes, I
Mr. Bebb there denied that he was for a total re- j
peal of those laws; and his reason was obvious.
JHe well knew that a large majority of his political j
friends in that section were opposed to such repeal, j
It was therefore necessary, in such an atmosphere,
to advocate a partial repeal, and for the enactment .
of such laws as would prohibit further negro emi- i
gration into Ohio. He must merely " mouth" the i
word " repeal" there, or it would'nt tell wel? in
other sections of the State. To make it at all pala-
table to my constituents, he had to trim a little,
with the promise to recommend other laws. How
faithfully he has fulfilled these pledges to the people
of Mercer, nmy be gathered from the following in
his Inaugural: 4
"Let those enactments, very properly, by universal con-
sent, denominated "the black laws of Ohio," be repealed.
They are impolitic, unjust, and inhuman ; at war with the
genius of our free institutions, and the spirit of the age in
which welivc."
I find no qualification here: no law recommend-
ed to preserve our free State from being flooded
with free negroes from the slave States. Let us
for a moment examine the laws denominated " the
black laws of Ohio.1' The first passed "upon the
subject was in 1804, the second year following our
State organization. This law was amended in
1807. It provides that all negroes and mulattoes
coming into Ohio shall give bond and security in
the sum of five hundred dollars for their mainte-
nance and good behavior; and on their failure to do
so, the overseers of the poor shall remove them forth-
with. No person is allowed to hire or employ a
negro or mulatto, unless he has given bond. No
negro is allowed to testify in any court of justice
where a white man is party to a suit. The chil-
dren of blacks cannot now enter our common
schools, nor participate in the common school
fund.
These are the laws asked to be repealed by our
Federal Governor. Suppose a repeal effected:
What then ? Why, the negro occupies an equal
footing with the whites, except in the holding of
office and voting at the polls. Repeal these laws,
and sec the inducement of the free negro to make
Ohio his home. There he is made a witness, can
educate his children, and, to a great extent, be-
come a freeman: thus degrading the poor white
laborer by becoming his competitor, and, finally,
perhaps, his master. In many districts we may
there see the poor white child crowded from the
school-room, and his place supplied by darkies.
Besides this, they will be forced to become the
playfellows and associates of the black urchin, or
be compelled entirely to abandon the school-house.
All this, sir, and more, to feed the appetites of a
few crazy fanatics and their Federal allies. Let
us look, for a single moment, in all seriousness, at -
this condition of things.
The Governor of Virginia, our near neighbor,
holds the following language in his late message
to the Legislature of that ancient Common-
wealth;
« In certain sections of our Union the free negro is re
gatded as an Amencan citt/.en, and entitled to all the rights
and privileges of that proud and lofty station. We can send
limi to those places. Indeed, I am assmed that he will be
received with pleasuie. Removed by communities, his
domestic and social ties would be preserved; and emigrated
to such communities, while we could be relieved from a
most intolerable it, he would have his prospect of better-
ing hi* condition greatly improved.
I regard oui fiee negro population as one of our greatest
evd<, and to act rid of it is one of our highest duties. Great
asmav be the apparent difficulty ot accomplishing this de-
firabl.* moa-uiio, it would dwindle into insignificance under
a bold and decided treatment But all 5 now propose is, the
parage of a law providing that each county, at our next
annual election, «hall have the right to vote upon the ques-
tion of removing the fiee negroes within tlieir respective
limit* Innorul the Commonwealth."
Con)pare this, sir, with the late Inaugural of the
Federal Executive of Ohio. It will be seen that
the Chief Magistrate of a contiguous slaveholding
State ur?es a speedy removal of the free negro;
while the Governor of a free State is for repealing
all laws which go to prevent the liberated slave
from making Ohio his home. The effect of all
this, sir, will be readily understood. Carry this
out, sir, and the free States, and particularly those
of the West, will be literally overrun with emi-
grating blacks. _
I am reminded here, §ir, of an anecdote, which
will, perhaps, sufficiently illustrate my views on
this head. It seems that a sick traveller once,
callin" for a meal at an inn, had a plate of butter
placed before him perfectly black with flies. "Take
it away, (says he,) and tell the landlady to send
the flies and butter on separate plates, and I will
mix them to suit myself."
I am satisfied, that, instead of desiring the abo-
lition of slavery, it is our bounden duty to give it
everv opposition in our power, unless it be coupled
with colonization. If slavery is to exist in this
