84
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan. 6,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bedinger.
Ho. or Reps.
country, the slave States have had all the benefit
of it, (if any benefits can result from it,) and the
free States ought not to be encumbered with these
manumitted blacks. No; let them be kept. to-
gether— let theni be colonized; let them not be
turned loose upon Ohio, and other free States, to
the prejudice and injury of our free institutions.
X confess, sir, that 1 feel a little sensitive upon
this point. It is but recently that four nundred oi
John Randolph's manumitted household m Vir-
ginia were sent into my district into my 9^11
county, sir—to spread themselves among my white
neighborsand constituents. Afewunlocated tracts
of Government land remained there, on wlucti
they wished to settle; but my constituents rose,
with a commendable spirit of resistance, and with
the statute book in their hands, demanded secu-
rity. This not being given, this black cavalcade
were soon mustered out of the county. My peo-
ple proclaimed to all the Abolitionists around them,
" if you want negroes to come and stop with you,
to mingle with you, and reign over you, take
" them to your own firesides. Here they cannot
cora.o."
I have made this short digression, sir, trom the
main subject under consideration, in order to set
right a particular matter connccted with the inter-
ests of my immediate constituents at home. I now
return for a few words more on the question oi the
Mexican war, and I have done.
Ulterior measures have been threatened here.
Come on with your resolutions of impeachment.
Hold not back in times like the present. With a
raging war abroad, the quicker the one at home is
disposed of the better. Yes, file your articles of
impeachment, and set down the cause for trial.
Let the American nation stand by and witness its
progress. There once were those among us, sir,
who will not be present upon the hearing. ihe
departed spirits of the brave men who fell m the
promiscuous strife, those who covered themselves
with glory on the banks of the Rio Grande and at
Monterey, led on by heroes like the chivalrous
and lamented Ringgold and others, cannot be heie
to chide that recklcss spirit of party which seeks
to put their own land in the wrong in tins mighty
conilict of arms. Nor will the shiill voice ot the
gifted and lamented l-Iarner, of my own State, the
melancholy tidings of whose death have filled us
all with sorrow, ever again he heard, in spirit-stir-
ring strains, within this Hall. He fell, not amid
the clangor of battle, but on the field of honor,
under one of nature's severest blows; and, in
coming time, though the widow's weeds and the
deep waitings of sons and daughters may mark his
little household near the banks of the Ohio with
sadness and gloom, yet let the tears of aflcction be
softened as they flow, by the cheering reflection
that it was in the camp of the soldier he fell, and
that he sank to dust amid the pangs and lamenta-
tions of his companions, under the waving flag of
his country.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. H. BEDINGER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
Wednesday, January 6, 1847.
In Committee of the Whole, upon thebill providing
for the Increase of the Army.
Mr. BEDINGER said:
Mr. Chairman: I am not one of those who have ,
expressed regret at the continuation of this debate, j
or the character it has assumed. And I voted 1
yesterday and this morning against taking the
present bill out of the Committee of the Whole
House at a specified hour, and I still hope that it
may be discussed for a day or two longer, and that
the debate may have full latitude. For although I
am aware that our time is limited, and much im-
portant business remains to be done, yet, of so
much consequence do I regard the thorough in-
vestigation of the causes which led to the present
war and the conduct of the Executive in its prose-
cution, I would be willing to postpone almost
everything else, at least for a short time. And I
rejoice at the continuation of this debate, because
of the zeal manifested upon the part of the Demo-
cratic members of this House, in defending their
country's honor and their country's cause against
the reckless attacks of the Opposition. 1 re-
joice at it, moreover, because it affords so admira-
ble an opportunity to our Federal friends upon this
floor, to exhibit to the country; and to the world the
sentiments and opinions which they entertain in
regard to the present struggle of their country with
! a foreign Power. It gives them a fair chance to
show their hands, to define their positions, to come
out in their true colors; and I most heartily rcjoice
to discover that they are not slow to avail them-
selves of it. No gentleman of the Opposition rises
to address the committee, upon the subject at pres-
ent under discussion, that I do not listen to him
with interest and with manifest signs of gratifica-
tion. if not of pleasure. Because I cannot help feel-
ing convinced that no speech has yet been n\a4re
by that portion of the House which has not tended,
instead of weakening, to strengthen the Adminis-
11ration; to lend zeal arid encouragement to the
Democratic party throughout the country; and to
' convince the people, yet more thoroughly, of the
justness of their country's cause, and the purity
and patriotism of the man whom they have called
to the Executive chair. Sir, I do not pretend to
be thoroughly versed in the mysterious study of
human nature, nor do I lay claim to any extraor-
dinary knowledge of the American people; but 1
know enough of both to feel perfectly certain that
the attacks upon the Administration which have
been made by the Opposition, and the sentiments
and opinions expressed by them in the course of
this debate, will ultimately recoil with tenfold vio-
lence upon the heads of their authors, and their
effect will be as a blow aimed at the very vitals of
that party whose advocates have so unwisely pro-
mulgated them here.
At this crisis, when our country is waging a
just war against a treacherous and merciless ag-
gressor; when the eyes of the world are upon
us, and foreign nations are but too willing to con-
demn our conduct, I yet thank Heaven that there
is too much of the leaven of patriotism in the great
mass of the American people, to permit gentlemen
to publish with impunity arguments, or rather as-
sertions, tending directly to sustain the cause of
our enemies, and directly opposed to that of our
common country. And although gentlemen may
disguise this matter as they will; though they may
pretend that their attacks are levelled merely at the
Executive—that they are willing to see this war
vigorously prosecuted, whilst they desire to hold
the President responsible as its author. Though
they may assert—while with all the zeal and abil-
ity, all the ingenuity and learning of which they
are possessed, they are striving to prove to the
world that this war was commenced wrongfully
upon our pait, and without just cause; that the
President, in order to bring it about, had usurped
powers which did not belong to him; that we have
been the only aggressors, and Mexieo the only
injured party;—though, I say, whilst acting thus,
I they may, with the same breath, assert their pa-
i triotism, and declare their willingness to see this
' " unjust war" vigorously prosecuted; yet, let them
mark the prediction—the American people will not
be satisfied with sucli special pleading, such nice
distinctions, such paltry pretexts; but will hold
those who would thus paralyze the arm of their
country, by striving to prove that it has been
raised in an unjust war, recreant to the high trust
confided to them here, and deserving of that con-
demnation with which such conduct will inevit-
ably be visited. And, therefore, if we had but the
time, I should not care how long this debate should
be continued. For I believe the more numerous
the speeches, and the more violent the attacks of
the Opposition, the better will it be for our country
and our party. But whilst I am satisfied of this,
I do not think, at the same time, that these speeches
should be suffered to go wholly unanswered. I
think, on the contrary, they should be promptly
met and fully answered. I think the sophistry
with which they would blind the eyes of the peo-
ple should be exposed, and their unfounded argu-
ments fully refuted.
This has been ably done by many of tne elo-
quent gentlemen who have preceded me, and my
poor- efforts may perhaps appear superfluous.
But, sir, I should feel neglectful of my duty to
j those whom I have the honor to represent, if I
i could longer remain silent in a cause like this. My i
constituents, approve of this war, and the con-
duet of the Administration in conducting it. They
have already furnished two companies of as gallant
men as ever drew blade in defence of their coun-
try's rights, and they would look with suspicious
eyes upon their representative if he should longer
remain silent, and hear that war, to which they
have sent the flower of their youth, denounced as
unjust; and, therefore, I ask the forbearance of
the committee whilst I strive to expose some of
the positions taken by the Opposition, which have
not as yet been fully met.
I presume, Mr. Chairman, that while one portion
of the Whig party upon this floor declare their
willingness to see this war vigorously prosecuted,
and wLlst another portion refuses to say whether
it deems the war just or unjust, and whilst another
declares that it is wholly unjust, and yet that it
should be vigorously prosecuted, I presume there
is one thing at least about which there can he no
doubt: and that is, the position defined by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] who addressed the
committee some days since. For he distinctly and
unequivocally declared that, in his opinion, this
war was "unnecessary and consequently unjustifi-
able," and that it ought to be prosecuted no further.
That gentleman is one of those who voted against
the declaration of war at the last session, and I was
glad to see that he had the courage to avow the
sentiments and principles which his vote then indi-
cated. That gentleman is one of the Fourteen,
whose names are destined to be "famous in stoiy,
to descend to the most remote posterity—m com-
mon, however, I fear, with the names of those illus-
trious worthies who so zealously opposed their
country in her lastgreat struggle with Great Britain.
Well, sir, that gentleman distinctly declared that
the war was unjustifiable and should not be pros-
ecuted; and in a very few moments^ after this
open declaration of his convictions, he, in the most
unmeasured terms, and with all the bitterness he
could summon up, denounced the President for
having intimated in his message that the conduct
of certain persons amongst us was calculated to
lend "aid and comfort to the enemy."
Now let us look at the matter one moment. It
is openly declared upon this floor that the United
States are engaged in prosecuting an unjust war.
Well, sir, weknow this, that "thraceis he armed
who hath his quarrel just;"- And this is not a
mere fiction of the poet's brain; it is not a mere
beautiful expression, thrown in to fill a sentence
or round a period; it is a truth, a well-known fact,
which he, who knew human nature almost as
well as if he had made it, knew to be a truth when
he wrote it down. The man who hath Ins quar-
rel just is, in effect, three times armed; or, in other
words, he is the match of three men who have
their quarrels unjust and unjustifiable, as the gen-
tleman would prove ours to be. There is no fact
in Holy Writ more true than this, as the personal
experience of every man upon this flotir will tell
him at once. With justice on our side, we are
" clad in panoply of proof;" but with her stem
voice against us, the spirit quails and the arm is
paralyzed. Then, shall we be told that those who
in this Hall, or elsewhere, exert their zeal and
their abilities to array the cause of the enemies of
their country in the sacred garb of Justice—to fling
around it the halo of her countenance—to invest it
with the triple armor of her strength,—shall we be
told that such men', by such efforts, do not lend
"aid and comfort" to their country's enemies?
1 Shall we be told that such conduct does not tend
to chill the zeal and dampen the ardor of then-
country's defenders? Shall we be told that such
speeches as many of those which we have heard
upon this floor will* not be read with shouts of
triumph in the Mexican councils, and in the Mexi-
can camp? And is the President to be denounced
for having intimated, what we all know to be true,
that such conduct does lend "aid and comfort to
our country's enemies! But here, sn, I must
nause a moment for the purpose of congratulating
the gentleman from Ohio upon his superior wis-
dom and discretion, which we all know is the
"better part of valor." He is infinitely more
discreet than many of his friends and allies upon
this floor. For having armed these Mexicans
thrice having arrayed them in the impenetrable
armor of justice, having satisfied _ himself that
"conquer they must, for their cause it is just," he
