1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
individual, or any party, or clique^ who assumed J
that position, were, whether they intended it or :
not, extending " aid and comfort" to the enemy !
of the country. Yesterday they were told by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McG-aughey] that
he did not intend to vote for the bill under consider-
ation—that he did not intend to vote*in favor of
raising any more armies—that he intended to vote
against all measures which might be introduced
into that House forthe purpose of prosecuting the
war, unless there was a certain provision that the
army was to be withdrawn within the legitimate
boundaries of the United States. Well, if that
was an indication, to any extent, of the feelings or
opinions of the party with whom the gentleman
acted, it seemed to him (Mr, J.) that there was a
fixed and settled purpose—at least, he had a right
to infer that there was a purpose of extending "aid
and comfort" to the enemies of the country. To
what was such a declaration equivalent? Was it
not virtually proclaiming- in the ears of Mexico
that there was a powerful party in the United
States that had taken the ground that they would
neither vote supplies, nor in any way assist their
own Government in the prosecution of the war?
That they would vote for nothing, unless the army
in the field, and the squadron in the gulf, were
withdrawn clearly within the limits and juris-
diction of the United States p Did not all that
indicate a resolute determination to paralyze the
arm of the Government of the United S^tes, and
protract the war by every possible means, until a
change in the Administration could perchance be
effected ? It was holding out a powerful induce-
ment to the Mexican Government to resist our
arms to the last; piotiactthe hope that in the next
Congress majorities would be changed, and there-
bysupphes to the invadingarmy would be stopped,
and the whole force withdrawn within the legiti-
mate boundary of the United States, and the exist-
ing difficulties between the Governments would be
settled on terms the most favorable to Mexico. It
was understood—the position had been taken be-
fore the country—that the Democratic party, with ]
the present Administration at its head, intended to |
prosecute this war until an honorable peace was \
made. But if the opposite party took the ground '
that they would resist the grant of any supplies, '
would it not afford a poweiful stimulant to the \
enemy? Yet that was certainly a fait deduction j
from the repeated declarations made yesterday by
the gentleman from Indiana, to whom he had allu-
ded, and who had expressly stated that if the
opinions he had uttered were not those of the
Whig party, then he was no longer a Whig. It
•was, then, for his party to declare whether he was
really a Whig or not. But it was not his (Mr.
J.'s) design to occupy much of his time in any
reply to the gentleman from Indiana.
A few days since they had been favored with a
speech from one of the " immortal fourteen" who
voted against the bill authorizing the President to
receive into the United States army fifty thousand
volunteers, and appropriating ten millions todefray
the expenses. Yet now that same gentleman, with
bold and unabashed front, stood up before the
House, and resisted all supplies ! The gentleman
declared that he intended to persist in that opposi-
tion; and in the effort to establish and maintain a
plausible position for himself and his party, the
gentleman had attempted to impose upon the coun-
try, proof which was nowhere to be found. He
[Mr. Hudson] assumed the position that the troops
of the United States had invaded Mexico; and
attempted to maintain his position by reference to
documentary evidence. As he (Mr. J.) did not
wish to occupy much time in paying his respects
to the^gentleman from Massachusetts, he would
ask theirattention to one item only of the evidence
adduced by him in support of his position, in
order that the House might discover how the gen-
tleman has mutilated his authority. The gentle-
man quoted in his speech what purported to be an
extract from one of the letters of the American
charge d'affaires in Texas. The gentleman said:
" Mr. DoneJson, writing to Mr. Buchanan from Galveston,
tinder dateof June 2,184.% says: ' It is believed that Mexico
is concentrating troops on the Rio Grande, where Texas as
yet has established no posts.7 "
That was thrown in by the gentleman, in con-
nexion with other items, for the purpose of proving
an admission, on the part of Mr. Donelson, that
the country was Mexican territory; that Texas
had established no posts there as yet. But when
the House came to the paragraph from which that
garbled quotation had been made, they would per-
ceive the monstrous injustice to Mr. Donelson—
the shallow artifice upon that House, which had
been attempted by the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts. What did Mr. Donelson say ? He
said:
" It is believed that Mexico is concentrating troops on the
Rio Grande, where Texas has as yet established no posts. If
this be so, it is possible that Texas may tend a force theic to
remove intruders.'''
They would be " intruders" upon the soil of the
State of Te^as, of course! After that sample of
the honorable gentleman's swppressio veri—after
that specimen brick of the fabric which he had
reared, the House would be enabled to judge of
the integrity of the structure. That gentleman had
talked a great deal about Caisar, and usurpers, and
all that sort of thing—the usual staple of declama-
tory opposition. In the introduction of his speech
he had quoted a remarkable passage from " Cato,"
They all knew—and he (Mr. J.) made the remark
in no disrespect—they all knew the singular air of
sincerity with which the gentleman was accustom-
ed to deliver his speeches, and which at once
stamped them with the impress of honesty. When
he read that paragraph from Mr. Donelson's letter,
it was not at all strange that he (Mr. J.) should
have been disposed to allow it to pass without
questioning it, though it did sound rather oddly.
But in running-over the correspondence, he (Mr.
J.) happened accidentally to discover the great
discrepancy presented. Now, he knew not what
system of ethics the gentleman had honored with
his homage—he did not know in what school of
morality he had been educated—but certainly this
he would say, that an individual who could delib-
erately and wilfully suppress a material portion of]
a paragraph, and employ the balance of it to estab- |
lish a proposition wholly unauthorized by the i
paragraph when taken together, placed himself in I
a position of which that House and the country
were fully competent to judge. He (Mr. J.) was
not accustomed to inquire into the private charac-
ter or relations of members of that body; but it
did strike him with no little surprise, when he came
to reflect that this thing had been done by one who
had been solemnly dedicated to the service of God
—whose business was the care of souls—who held
a commission from the skies to reform men, and
qualify them for a future state,—he did think that
it was a singular thing, and entirely irreconcilable
with his (Mr. J.'s) ideas of sound morals, to make
use of a paragraph in that way, in order to establish
a proposition dircctly the reverse of that enunciated
in the paragraph itself. Yet the air of extreme
candor and sincerity with which the thing was
done, was quite irresistible! It reminded him very
much of a picture which he (Mr. J.) had seen
hanging on th-e fireplace in a certain gentleman's
room which he once happened to visit. The pic-
ture represented Diogenes bending down ward, and,
with lantern in his hand, apparently engaged in
studying the head of an individual. He (Mr. J.)
approached a little closer and read the lines—
"Diogeneshis iantein needs no more,
An honest man i« found—the search is o'er!"
And when he came to examine to whom the very
complimentary couplet was meant to apply, io,and
behold—Daniel Webster was the man! Now, he
thought that, after the interesting little specimen
of the gentleman's ingenuity, to which he had just
directed the attention of the House, nobody could
doubt the propriety of directing the lantern of Dio-
genes to the countenance of another honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts! But the gentleman,
while speaking of the President, the war with
Mexico, and the army of the United States, had
applied to the President the reply of Cato to the
emissary sent by Caesar, while in the Senate at
Utica:
" Bid him disband his legions;
Restore the Commonwealth to liberty;
Submit his actions to the public censure.
And stand the judgment of a Roman Senate :
Bid him do this, and Cato is bis friend.
Nay, more: though Cato's voice was never raised
To clear the guilty or to varnish crimes,
Myself will mount the rostrum m his favor,
And strive to gain his pardon from the people."
How remarkably appropriate the words of the
honest Cato in the mouth of one who had discov-
ered himself to be capable of so mutilating—so dis-
torting from its true sense, by suppressing an es-
sential portion of it—dfe declaration of another
The voice of Cato
" Never raised to varnish crimes!"
If he (Mr. J.) remembered the run of the play
from which the gentleman had, with so much pro**
priety, made the quotation, there was a Sempro-
nius who performed a prominent part in the drama.
He pretended to be Cato's best friend, and, to use
his own language—
6( I'll bellow out for Rome and my country,
And mouth at Cresar till I shake the Senate;"
whilst at the same time he was engaged in a con-
spiracy with Caesar to perpetuate his usurpation,
and, in the sequel, the base conspirator was found
openly arrayed with the enemies of Cato. It is
for the House and the country to determine which
of the two characters, Cato or Sempronius, is the
most applicable, in the present condition of our
public affairs, to the member from Massachusetts.
But he (Mr. J.) was proud to boast that, in that
government, they had no Ccesar, and needed no
CaJ.o to ask his pardon from the people. They
had no need of aPompey to meet him on the plains
of Pharsaha. There was no need of a Brutus to
assassinate him in the Senate chamber.
Mr. J. said he should devote the remainder of
his short hour to some extraordinary passages in
a speech delivered by one of his colleagues a few
days since [Mr. Gentry.]
Mr. I. E. HOLMES. I call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOLMES. He is out of order in alluding
to the gentleman by name.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose my colleague to
whom I refer is not in the House, how is the
proper reference to be known? I followed the
rules of common sense—a commodity in which
some gentlemen do not appear to dea}.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognises the
rule, but does not conceive that in this case its
spirit has been violated.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from South
Carolina will now please come to order.
Mr. HOLMES. Has the Chair called me to
order?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chair ruled that I was
not out of order—that's all. Mr. J. proceeded.
He would go on with his remarks as briefly as pos-
sible. His colleague [Mr. Gentry] had com-
menced his speech on matters and things in general,
as follows:
"But his eouise had been changcd: changed in part by
the remark* of gentlemen in the debate yesterday, and in
part, and indeed chiefly, by the denunciations contained in
the message against those who belonged to the same political
party with himself. The language held bv the President in
the part of his message alluded to, had induced him to alter
his purpose, and to speak now. And he spoke now more
fox the purpose of showing that he was not afraid to speak
than for anything else.
"The President of the United States in his message tobotli
Houses of Congress had descended from the dignity of bis
high station, and violated the piopnety of his office by ashu-
nnng that all who dared to call m question the propriety of
his act* in tfriainating and continuing the present war, were
guilty of affording'aid and comfort' to the enemies of the
United States: terms which seemed purposely taken from
the legal definition of treason: and his friends in the debate
of yesterday, if not called upon, hud volunteered to reiteiate
the same chaige against every independent Ameiican free-
man, who should have the texneuty (and as they seemed to
think the insolence) to call in question the conduct of the
Chief Magistrate."
That was the purpose, then, of his colleague—to
show that he was not afraid to speak. They all
remembered the passage in the message of the
President to which his colleague had alluded, and
which had prompted him to make such a bold
manifestation of his determination not to be in-
timidated. His colleague, therefore, was such a
brave man that he would afford aid and comfort to
the enemy, in order to show that he was not afraid
of the denunciations of the President! But Mr. J.
preferred calling the attention of the House to the
passage in the President's message, so much com-
plained of«by his colleague. He then read as fol-
lows from the message:
" I deem it to be my duty to present to you, ©n the present
occasion, a condensed review of the injuries we had sustain-
ed, of the causes which led to the war, and of its progress
since its commencement. This is rendered the more neces-
sary because of the misapprehensions which have to some
