1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
29th Cong.I...2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
Minister, Mr. Slidell, in consequence of the pas-
sage of the two resolutions by this Government.
ftdr. J. said he would read one or two passages
from the correspondence had with Mr. Slidell and
the authorities of Mexico, which is as follows:
" National Palace, Mexico,
" March 12, 1846.
"Considering the time as having come for carrying into
efleet the annexation of Texas, the United States, in union
and by agreement with their natural allies and adherents in
that territory, conceited the means for the purpose. The
project was introduced into the American Congress, It was
at first frustrated, thanks to the prudential considerations,
the circumspection, and the wisdom with which (he Senate
of the TJnion then proceeded. Nevertheless, the project
was reproduced in the -following session, and was then ap-
proved and sanctioned m the form and terms known to the
whole world.
" A fact such as this, or, to speak with greater exactness,
so notable an act of usurpation, created an imperious ne-
cessity that Mexico, for her own honor, should repel it with
proper firmness and dignity. The Supreme Governnieiitliad
beforehand declared that it would look upon such an act as
a casus belli; and, as a consequence of this declatation, ne-
gotiation was by its very nature at an end, and war was the
only recourse of the Mexican Government.
"J. M. DE CASTILLO Y LANZAS.
" His Excellency John Slidell."
Mr. J. snirl, after this reply to Mr. Slidell, all
hope of negotiation having ceased, he returned
home. On the 18th of April, 1846, General Para-
des, who had recently come into power by revo-
lution, and who, ill fact, was the Government ab-
solutely at the time, addressed a letter to the com-
mander on that frontier, in which he slated to him,
"at the present date, I suppose you St the head
' of that valiant army, either fighting already, or
' preparing for the operations of a campaign;" and
" supposing you already on the theatre of opera-
«tions, and" with all the forces assembled, it is in-
' dispensable that hostilities be commenced, your-
« self taking the initiative against the enemy."
Orders had been issued as early as the 4th of
April to attack the-army of the United States by
Paredes, who was then dictator.
On the 11th of March, the army of the United
States, under the command of General Taylor, took
up the line of march, and on the 28th of the same
month, encamped on the left bank of the Rio
Grande, opposite Matamoros, within the legitimate
boundary of the State of Texas. On the 24th of
April, 1846, General Arista, who was then in com-
mand of the Mexican forces, informed General
Taylor that he considered the hostilities " com-
menced, and should prosecute the same." On the
same day, a company of sixty-three dragoons,
men and officers, were sent from the American
camp up the left bank of the Rio Grande, to ascer-
tain whether the Mexican army had crossed over
" into the United States. The dragoons were at-
tacked by a large body of the Mexican troops,
and sixteen of them were killed and vfomlded, the
remaindertakenprisoners. On the8'h and 9th days
of May, the bloody battles of " Palo Alt*)" and
"Resaca de la Palma" were fought-on the left
bank of the Rio Grande, and within the boundary
of the United States—the American army obtain-
in"- a signal victory over the Mexican forces. On
the 11th of May, Congress recognised the exist-
ence of the war between the republic of Mexico
and the United States. Mr. J. said he had com-
menced with the assumed cause of the war by
Mexico, and traced its steps until the first blow
had been struck by that republic, for the purpose
of showing how utterly groundless the charges
were, that had been made by his colleague, that it
was the President's war, &c.; butfor the purpose
of making hts conclusions perfect and complete, he
would call the attention of the House and the coun-
try to the preamble of the law passed by Congress
recognising the existence of the war between the
two Governments. He then read the preamble to
the law, as follows:
" Whereas, by the act of the republic nf Mexico, a state
of war exists between that Government and the United
States."
Mr. J. continued by saying that his colleague
[Mr. Gentky] had voted for the preamble while
acting under the solemn sanction of an oath, and
at the same time appropriated ten millions of dol-
lars, and authorized the President to receive into
the service of the United States fifty thousand vol-
unteers, to enable him to " prosecute" the war with
visor and effect. The House, the country, and
his colleague himself, must see the glaring incon-
sistency, the ridiculous contradiction, the inextri-
cable labyrinth in which he had involved himself
in making those bold untenable charges against the
President of the United States, and particularly a
citizen of his own State. He (Mr. J.) thought that
the statement of fttcts connected with the Mexican
war was so clear and overwhelming in their char-
acter as to nail the groundless charges made by his
colleague against the President of the United States
to the counter, as spurious coin of the baser sort.
And now he would leave this portion of his sub-
ject.
But he (Mr. J.) would not be understood as ad-
mitting the cause of war as assumsd by Mexico
as being well founded or just—very far from it.
In April, 1836, Texas, by successful revolution,
achieved her independence, and was acknowledged
by Santa Ana himself, who was then the Govern-
ment de facto. Texas then proceeded and organized
a republican form of government. On the 19th of
December, 1836, Texas, acting in her highest po-
litical attitude, laid down and defined the boundary
of the republic of Texas as follows:
" Beaming at the month of the Sabine river, and miming
west along the Gulf of Mexico, three leagues from land, to
the mouth of the Rio Grande; llieiieo, up the puncipa!
stream of said river, to its souiee ; thence, due north, t" ilic
forty-seeond degree of north latitude; thence, alnns the
boundaiy line as defined in the treaty between the United
States and Spain, to the beginning."
Mr. J. said, this was the Texas he was talking
about, and no other; not the ancient province of
Spain—the cession by France of Louisistlia or any
of the departments or States of Mexico as deline-
ated by any particular set of lines anterior to the
19th of April, 1836. He could know of no other
boundary at this time than the one defined by her-
self. With that boundary her independence and
sovereignty had been acknowledged by Great Brit-
ain, Belgium, France, the United States, and even
by Spain. It was some three years after Texas
achieved her independence, and had exercised all
the functions pertaining to an independent nation, j
before Spain acknowledged the independence of ji
Mexico herself.
After Mexico, by revolution, had succeeded in 'j
Iween the Governments, or any other line; henee
the folly and futility of debating about the territory
lying between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
Mr. J. said the attempt by his colleague and
others to make the territory debatable on the fron-
tier of Texas was not even plausible, and was not
entitled to be dignified with the appellation of argu-
ment. The United States could recognise no dif-
ference in any one portion of Texas over another.
Every inch of soil embraced in the entire area of
Texas lying within the boundary he (Mr. J.) had
before alluded to, was alike known to belong to
that Government. It was within the sovereign
limits of Texas, and that Government was bound
to regard it as such.
Mr. J. said, the fact of there being here' and
there a spot or section of country over which the
sovereignty and jurisdiction of the State of Texas
had never been exercised, did not affect her claim
to the whole counlry in the slightest decree. Sup-
pose, (said Mr. J.,) when peace is made, the peo-
ple of Santa Fe are willing and desirous to submit
to either the laws of the United States or the laws
of the State of Texas, is there any one bold
enough to say that the Federal Government can
step in and exercise jurisdiction over the country
to the exclusion of the authority of the State of
Texas? There were cases (Mr. J. thought) illus-
trative of the point now under consideration; take,
he said, any one of the old States—North Caro-
lina: she claimed all the territory _ lying within
her limits; yet there were large portions of it, now
Tennessee, she never did exercise jurisdiction-over
to the hour of her cession of the territory to the
Federal Government. There were portions of ter-
ritory lying in one or the other of the States of
Tennessee or North Carolina from the organiza-
tion of the Federal Government, till the year 1833,
that neither of those States exercised jurisdiction
over; yet, when the obstacle was removed, the right
to exercise jurisdiction was never disputed by any
one. The "obstacle alluded towns the existence
of a powerful nation of Indians within their bor-
ders; during the existence of this powerful tribe
in the State of Tennessee, which was from 1796
separating from old Spain, and after Texas had   .
succeeded by the same means in separating herselfj till 1835, the sovereignty and jurisdiction of the
from Mexico, the Government of Spain acknowl- H State remained in a state of abeyance this tribe
edged the independence of both as separate and jj exercised all the functions of a government while
distinct nations. After this, Mexico_proposed to j in_the State,
acknowledge the independence of Texas if she :
would not annex herself to the American Union.
The republic of Texas, after achieving her inde-
pendence with her treasury and her blood—after
that independence was acknowledged by many of
the principal powers of Europe and the United
States after maintaining that independence and
exercising all the functions of a separate and dis-
tinct sovereignty for some nine years, she thinks
proper to associate or to blend her soveieignty
and her fortunes with the States of the American
Union, their kindred and their blood; and this
union of the two Governments, begun and con-
summated as before alluded to, Mexico assumed
as just cause of war, and actually commenced hos-
tilities. ,
Texas, on the 29th of December, 1845, was ad-
mitted into the Union upon an equal footing with     _  
the other States of the Confederacy; and for tills j: idea; it was intended for fools, and fm fools only. Mr. G.
act of admission on the part of the Federal Gov-1| did pot contiovertthe posit,on, that™5a.8e.s.r.
There may be portions of the State of Texas,
over which it may not be good policy, or even con-
venient at this time to exercise jurisdiction; butthat
does not impair her right to do so, when she may
deem it most expedient and proper. Mr. J. said,
he had merely alluded to this case, to show that
there was nothing in the argument so much relied
on by many in the debate. He declined trespassing
farther with details upon this point.
But he (Mr. J.) would now call the attention
of the committee to one or two other points in his
colleague's speech. There is one paragraph in
that speech which condemned all the balance of it.
Mr. J. then read as follows:
"The President next undertook to give a history of the
outrages of Mexico on the people of Texas, from the first
existence of that State to the present tune; and this was
done with a view to create the impression that these uere the
muses of the war. But no man of sense could admit such an
had had good cause for war against Mexico long ago; and if
the President had openly hi might them before Congress, and
recommended war on that ground, Mr. G. did not know but
crnment, Mexico commenccd the war, not upon
Texas particularly, but upon the Government of    
the United States; not for the establishment of any t \ ],e might have been in favor of it; but the case was otlier-
tne Ull cu > . , f , Ri Grande, 11 wise, and the Executive had not consulted Congress in the
particular boundary on tins side or tne £io «i a u , ^ ^ ^ ^ urgcd imperious necesslty.,
out for ihe purpose of avenging a conceived \viong
•JUl VliV C_1 u _ . -y ■ j
inflicted upon her by the Government of the United
States for admitting Texas into the Union.
Texas is now, and was when Mexico commenced
hostilities, a memher of this confederacy of States,
and the Government of the Union is bound to
" o-uaranty to her a republican form of govern-
ment, and protect her against invasion." In pro-
tecting Texas against invasion, the Government of
the United States can know no boundary except
the one laid down by Texas herself, unless a ques-
tion of boundary should arise between the State of
Texas and " other Governments." In that event,
the Government of the United States has reserved
to itself the right of " adjustment." But (Mr. J.
said) no question of boundary had arisen between
the State of Texas and any other Government.
Mexico had raised no question of boundary; Mexi-
co had never fixed upon the Nueces as the line be-
lt seemed that his colleague had misunderstood
the message entirely. The President had not, so
far as he (Mr. J.) could understand the message,
attempted to make the impression upon the coun-
try that the cases he had enumerated had been the
cause of the war with Mexico. The President had
enumerated all of the many wrongs inflicted upon
the people and Government of the United States,
to show there was just cause of war on the part of
this Government, yet we had forborne to declare
war. The President, in his message to the Con-
gress of the United States, of May the 11th, 1846,
says, in so many words, " that war exists by the
act of Mexico herself;" but he (Mr. J.) said, be-
cause Mexico begun the war upon this Govern-
ment, does not prove that there was no cause of
war on our part. But as Mexico continued to per-
sist in the series of outrages committed upon this
