1846.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Seaborn Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
Who rtid not know that, even in a common fight,
the " Well done—hurrah John," of the bystanders,
nerved the arm of that combatant on whom it was
bestowed ? On Saturday last a paragraph caught
my eye, which was extracted from a New Hamp-
shire paper, and as it sustained the view which I
have now advanced, I will take the liberty of read-
ing it:
" Letters have been received in Mexico (Vera Cruz) that
President Folk has become the object of particular dislike
to'Jus fellow-citizens, through the pertinacity lie lias dis-
played in the war, sacrificing two nations by his iniquitous
caprices. The people in the North are said to be on the
verge of revolution, through the enormous expenses inci-
dental to the hostilities now existing between the United
States and Mexico.
" Extracts of letters from tile United States are published
in the Mexican papeis, in which it is repiescnted that our
people, especially in the northern States, have become tho-
roughly di&gusted with the war, on account of its enormous
expenses, amounting to half a million of dollars per diem, zintl
that it had become so odious that it will be impracticable
for our Government to raise the required number ot troops;
tilat the Senate will refuse any further appropiiations for
the war; that the British Government has insisted on its
mediation being accepted," &e.
Whether these " extracts" were true or false,
there could be no doubtof the fact that Mexico was
encouraged by the divisions which now appeared
to exist amongst the American people and m the
American Congress. I say divisions which ap-
peared to exist; for there was, in reality, no division
on the war, so far as regarded its prosecution.
When I said no division, 1 do not mean to ex-
cept the few who might be opposed to the appro-
priations for the war. But it would be found by
Mexico, and the world at large, that when the
United States unfolds her banner to the breeze,
her sons will rush as one man to follow and de-
fend it.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] ap-
peared to take peculiar pleasure and pride in being
ranked in that category to which the remarks of
the President applied. But he did not stand "alone
in his glory." The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gidmngs] followed, or rather led, in the same
path. Yet the gentleman from Tennessee went
farther than anybody else. He said he took par-
ticular delight m being in that situation; and he
used the most oppjybrious terms the vocabulary
could furnish for the purpose of expressing his dis-
gust—his hatred—his violence of feeling against
the President of the United States. It was for-
tunate that the President of the United States hap-
pened to live in the same region as that from which
the honorable gentleman came, as that circum-
stance, perhaps, affoided a solution of the other-
wise almost inexplicable attack made upon him
by the gentleman. Perhaps some private pique,
some personal feeling engendered in the fierce con-
flicts of party in some of the numerous electioneer-
ing contests in which the President had so often
been successful, rankled in the gentleman's bosom.
Perhaps 
Mr. GENTRY. I desire to say, with the ut-
most sincerity, that I never have entertained, and
do not now entertain, the slightest feeling of per-
sonal ill-will towards the President of the United
States. There never has been any occurrence
■which had a tendency to excite such a feeling. On
the contrary, so far as our intercourse has extend-
ed, it has been uniformly courteous and polite. It
has been sucli intercourse as gentlemen holding
opposite political opinions could entertain. With
regard to our political contests, no personal asper-
ity has mingled with them. My opposition to the
President is directed against him solely in his pub-
lic character, and not as an individual.
Mr. JONES was happy to hear such a disclaim-
er. But it was certainly not to be wondered at,
that the coarseness and vulgarity of the gentleman's
remarks should have suggested the idea that some
personal pique existed.
Mr. GENTRY. I beg to say, that when I seek
instruction in elegance of language, I will not apply
to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. JONES. I dare say not. The misfortune
is, that we are too often incorrigible, and will not
seek instruction. Yet I still hope that " the sober
second thought" of the gentleman will convince
him that his remarks on that occasion were entirely
too vulgar.
Mr. GENTRY. Not at all.
Mr. JONES. They were quite too coarse to
come from a member of this House, if not too
coarse to be applied to the President of the United
States. Does the gentleman approve of the lie
direct from one gentleman to another?
Mr. GENTRY, (with much animation.) Mr.
Chairman, I must and will correct this. [Cries of
"Order."]
Mr. JONES. I cannot be corrected in that. It
must be in the recollection of all, that he applied
these epithets to the President of the United States.
Mr. GENTRY. The gentleman is in error.
It has been supposed, even by some of my own
political friends, that I did apply that term to the
President. I did not. It is true I controverted
his truth and sincerity in making the declaration
that this was not an aggressive war, and after
arguing that, I concluded by saying that he had
labored to make the people believe a lie. It was
a Scripture quotation, and I have it here. I know
what is due to myself.
Mr. JONES. I am glad that the gentleman has
at length taken back the offensive 
Mr. GENTRY. I take back nothing, sir.
Mr. JONES. Then the gentleman ought to get
some friend to tell what he did say. He certainly
used language not proper in this House, and most
certainly unfit to be applied to the President of the
United 'States. I will not enter into any further
controversy on this point. The gentleman was
probably led away m the heat and hurry of argu-
ment.
Mr. GENTRY. The gentleman has entirely
misapprehended me.
Mr. JONES. If so, I do not stand alone. The
gentleman admits that his" own friends so under-
stood him. But I desire to be done with this sub-
ject, and the interruptions which accompany it.
Did he not say that the President made false asser-
tions with regard to the causes of the war?
Mr. GENTRY. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Did he not say that the Presi-
dent had endeavored to make the people believe
a lie ?
Mr. GIJNTRY. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Pray, then, is not that charging
the President with a lie ?
Mr. GENTRY. I abide by what I said.
Mr. JONES. I ask, has not the President al-
ways, throughout his whole career, maintained the
highest character for truth and voracity ?
Mr. GENTRY. I have never attacked the
President's private character. It is idle for the
gentleman to catechise me in such a way.
Mr. JONES. Have you ever heard any impu-
tation upon his character?
Mr. GENTRY. Certainly not. I drew a dis-
tinction between the character of the man and the
character of the President. If the gentleman de-
sires to catechise me about the President's public
character, I think he had better not press mc. [A
laugh.]
Mr. JONES. I have no apprehensions on that
score; and the insinuation of the gentleman is not
in keeping with his former candid confession.
Mr. GENTRY. What insinuation?
Mr. JONES. That I had better not press you
on his private character.
Mr. GENTRY. The gentleman does not com-
prehend me. I did not say private, I said public.
Mr. JONES. I did nut compichend the gentle-
man. I thought he said private, instead of public.
At all events, I do not understand that system of
ethics which draws a distinction between a straight-
forward, honorable, upright, and pure-minded man
in private life, and a deceitful scoundrel as a pub-
lic officer. Could any man believe that James K.
Polk, who had maintained a pure character in a
political life of more than thirty years, could now
deliberately, in the character of President of the
United States, labor to make the people believe a
lie? Why, the imputation—if it was not ii reverent
to make the comparison—was somewhat akin to
that which the infidel and sceptic cast upon the
Saviour of the world, when they represent him as
presenting in his life and conversation a spotless
j exemplar of purity and holiness, and yet as being
I guilty from his cradle to his grave of the greatest
| fmposture ever attempted! James K. Polk, as a
j man, was pure, upright, and honorable; suspi-
! cion had not tainted, calumny had not blackened,
j his character, according to the testimony of his
bitterest opponents. He stands sans penr et sans
I reproche; but, as President of the United States, he
is a rascal and a liar! I do not understand the
distinction. The people will not credit such state-
ments. And the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] represented the President not only guilty
of the effort to suppress free discussion, but as
clapping his " padlock on the mind," and compel-
ling gentlemen to vote for a war which they believed
to be wrong. What an omnipotent President!
He also said, that the war was originated simply
that the President might give an answer to the
sneering question, "Who was James K. Polk?"
I have not heard that question asked since the pub-
lication of his first message. The Whigs have
become ashamed of it. In that document, the
keenest eye of the partisan had been unable to de-
tect a .flaw. Even the irresponsible and unscru-
pulous newspaper writers could not point out an
error. It was said by some that Mr. Polk did net
write it. Even if that were true, where was the
disgrace or the fault, when they all knew that the
" Father of his Country "employed others to write
his messages? But the statement was not true,
and they do not believe it. If Mr. Polk's hand did
not trace the characters, his mind dictated e\cry
idea and every syllable the message contained. To
his last message, the only objection uiged was, that
I it stated those who denounced this war as unjust,
j were guilty of treason. For this, the President had
j been assailed with the greatest ferocity. And we
were told, more than once, they had the right to
assail him, and even to impeach him. Yes, sir;
a man has the right, or rather the power, to com-
mit murder, robbery, arson, or any other crime,
and risk the consequence and punishment. He
has the right, too, to commit mural treason, without
fear of punishment by the law; but the man who
keeps within the pale of the law is only half honest.
If his conduct be regulated only by a servile fear
of punishment, and not controlled by principle, he
is only half honest. A man may encourage the
enemies of his country by his words, and yet keep
withm the pale of the law. Yes, sir; he may com-
mit moral treason, without fear of the halter. All
the punishment he can be made to suffer is, the
indignation of his contemporaries, and the execra-
tion of posterity.
Mr. Chairman, I will make no charge as to who
had been guilty of this moral treason. I will not
attempt to decide whether it be members in this
House or out of it. I only make this lemark, that
it seemed to me very strange to hear any body utter
denunciations against the war, designating it as
unholy, unjust, and oppressive in its character to-
wards Mexico, who voted for it. Perhaps the
President of the United States meant those gentle-
men who voted against the war, as he said they
were but few. There weie but few who voled
against the war, and against furnishing the requi-
site supplies for carrying on the war; but I do not
believe the President meant those people; he con-
sidered that they acted honestly. 1 say so because
1 consider that those who had the boldness to act
in accordance with their own opinions, even
though those opinions were wrong, occupied a
more enviable position than those who voted for
the war, and then denounced it as unholy. In the
former was his friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson,] to be placed. He voted against the
war and denounced it at the last session. The
recollection of Ins denunciations then was still
fresh in my mind; and we have just heard his de-
nunciations at this session. I will pay him my
respects presently, for the purpose of showing that
he had committed errors in judgment; 1 will not
carry them any farther. But there was an error
which I will notice now. The gentleman from
Tennessee had told us what the old rule was—
would to God that the old rule had continued to be
the new one !—the old rule was, that when the
country was engaged in war, it was not then the
time to denounce the war. The Congress of the
United States had determined that question, and the
country was now involved in war, and hence this
was not the time to denounce it, but a time when
all hands should be armed, and afl hearts nerved
for the conflict. This was the doctune which all
ought to hold to. I like it myself, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and those who agreed
with him ought to like it. They should now ad-
mit that the majority voted right—that the war
ought to be waged—and their arguments should be
not denunciations and opposition to the Admims-
