94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 23,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bayly.
Ho. of Reps.
dent to set with his arms folded and say "/< is an
open line tote settled by negotiation, and I do not know
where it is." The idea is too ridiculous and absurd
to be entertained for a moment. No, sir; the
path of duty was too plain before him. His
coui'se was traced in his oath of office, in charac-
ters so distinct and strong "that he that runs
may read, and a wayfaring man though a fool
need not err therein." He was bound to defend
and protect these United States, and the most effect-
ual (I had almost said the only) means of doing
so was, to place the starspangled banner on the
eastern bank of the Rio Grande; that speaking ban-
ner, which proclaimed to the foe, " thus far shalt
thou come and no farther."
And here let me beg gentlemen to recollect that
our army was placed on the Rio Grande, far below
the " Passo del Norte," the most southern point of
New Mexico and Santa Fe, and not in the valley
of New Mexico, the only part claimed by Texas
east of that river, about which there could be any
reasonable controversy. It was placed there merely
as a defensive measure, with strict orders to com-
mit no act of aggression, but promptly to repel all
such acts. Not long after the occupation of the
left bank of the Rio Bravo by our troops, Mexico
invaded Texas with an army some seven or eight
thousand strong, and the war was commenced by
the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palmu,
in which the Mexicans were signally defeated and
driven across the river. The war having thus been
commenced by the invasion of Texas by Mexico,
our operations did not continue purely defensive;
but for the purpose of settling the controversy in
the most prompt and efficient manner, it was car-
ried into the enemy's country. Not only were
New Mexico and Santa Fe, anil the disputed terri-
tory, occupied, but our victorious easles have been
raised over the walls of Matamoros, Camargo, and
Monterey.
I have thus traced the course of events, and the
conduct of the President; and it will be seen, and
must be acknowledged, that he has not been gdilty
of any act of usurpation—has not violated the Con-
stitution—has not been guilty of rashness, or even
imprudence; but that ho has confined himself
within the strict line of his duty, and done only
what lie was imperiously required by the Consti-
tution; and, for neglect of which, he would have
been denounced by those same men who now
denounce him, and " heaped up for himself wrath
against the day of wrath, and the condemnation"
of an insulted and betrayed country. Seeing, then,
he is not only excusable, but entirely justifiable and
guiltless, will not oun Cato consent to
« — mount the rostrum m his favor,
AikI fctuve to gain his p.mtoufioin the people?"
I will now ask the indulgence of the committee
while I advert to the expenses of the war, and en-
deavor to correct some small mistakes which have
been, without doubt, inadvertently fallen into on this
subject. And here I will again bring to youneeol-
lect'ion a part of the extiact from the New Hamp-
shire paper:
" Extracts of 1< t&r* from the United States arc publi.-hcd
in the Mexican paper?, m which it h represented that our
people, cspociftlly in the northern States, have become tho-
roughly disgusted with the w.ir on account of ns enormous
expenses, 'amounting to hull a million of dollar per diem!
and that it had become so odious that it will be nnpracticable
for our Government to raise the required number of tronps !—
that the Sonne will refuse nnyfmther appropriation.*, tor the
wai'—tli.it the RiUi^h Government lias HiMsted on its me-
diation being accepted," &c., &c.
It is well known, and must be recollected, that
these " enormous expenses, amounting to half a mil-
lion of dollars per diem, originated in one of the
halls of legislation within the walls of this Capitol.
How well founded? It is only necessary to look
at the actual expendituies, and see " how a plain
tale will put down" this most " enormous" mis-
take.
From the 13th May, 1846, when the. declaration
of war was passed, to the 1st July, 1847, are four
hundred and thirteen days; which, at the rate of
Jialf a million of dollars per day, would amount to
<the "enormous" sum of two hundred and six
jMILUO^fS Fi\E hundred thousand dollars !
By the act passed the 30th June, 1S4G, 'k for the
support of -volunteers and other troops autho-
rized to be „e,raplayed in the prosecution of the
Hvar with Mexico, djnring the year ending1 the
$0th of June, 1847," there was appropriated the
sum of. $11,957,255
The estimated deficiency for this ser-
vice, agreeably to the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, made to
this House at the opening of the
session, (House Doc. No. 3, page 5,)
the further sum is required of  4,793,000
Making, together, the sum of. $16,750,253
Which, instead of half a million, will only
amount to about $40,000 per day. I have not added
the expense of the regular army, because that is
not additional expense incurred by the war, and the
estimates and expenses for it are but little more
than on the peace establishment, and cannot, there-
fore, enter into an estimate of the expenses of the
war. Instead, therefore, of half a million per day,
we have only forty thousand dollars; and for the
year ending on the 30th of June, 1847, less than
seventeen millions, instead of two hundred and
six millions five hundred thousand dollars!
The statement with regard to this " enormous
expense" of the war, was made openly, and by
men in these legislative halls, and men standing
eminently high in the country. They have been
found to be grossly mistaken. Are they now pre-
pared to redeem their characters, and in the same
open and public manner come forward and acknowl-
edge their mistakes? Justice to themselves, as
well as to the country, requires this much from
them; and if they do not, those errors can no longer
be considered as mistakes, but must be denounced
as tp oss misrepresentations.
in regard to the question of slavery, which has
been so unnecessarily, and, I must say, improperly
dragged into this discussion by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] and so eagerly taken
up by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson,] I have little to say. It is a question I
will not discuss. It is one which should not be
argued by the people of the slaveholding States.
Whenever we are compelled to settle that ques-
tion, we should consider " the argument exhausted
and stand to our arms." It is with us a question
not of policy or interest, but of vitality and exist-
ence. It has once shaken this Confederacy from
the centre fn the circumference, and had well-nigh
torn this Union asunder. It was then settled,
and the Union saved. Disturb that settlement,
and attempt to fasten upon the South any condi-
tions incompatible with the compromises of the
Missouri difficulty, and of the Constitution, and
the tie that binds us together will be but as a rope
of .sand. Of one thing, however, our brethren of
the Noith may rest assured: we have an abiding
affection for the Union, but we do not value it
above all that we hold dear on earth—our liberty
and the enjoyment of our property, solemnly guar-
anteed to us by the sacred instrument that binds us
together. To protect and defend them, we will
pledge what our fathers of the Revolution pledged
each to the other—our lives, cur fortunes, and our
sacred honor. In their defence we will rally around
the Constitution in the temple of liberty and defend
them to the last, or, clinging to its pilluis, we will
perish in Us ruins.
TIIE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF ME. T. H. BAYLY,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
December 23,1846.
The House being in Committee of the Whole, on
the Resolutions proposing to refer the President's
Message to the several Standing Committees,
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee. He said:
I rejoice that this debate has arisen at this early-
period of tiie session. Jt will bring the minds of
the American people distinctly to bear upon the
causes in which this war has origninated, and to
the manner in which it lias been conducted. This
investigation will enable the people to form an en-
lightened opinion in reference to the whole subject;
and 1 undertake to predict that that opinion will
include an utter condemnation of those who have
attempted to make party capital out of it against
the Administration. After the very clear and sat-
isfactory exposition of the causes of this war, and
of the manner in which it has been conducted, con-
tained in the President's message, I had hoped
that party clamor, here and elsewhere, would have
been silenced. But, notwithstanding, it has been
renewed in this Hall.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, as fully as the brief
hour allotted me will allow, to examine the main
positions which have been taken against the Ad-
ministration during this debate. As I understand
the grounds of assault upon the Administration,
they may be summed up under four heads. First,
that the President has unnecessarily brought on.
this war by refusing to treat with Mexico, as it is
alleged she wanted us to do, in regard to the ques-
tion of boundary alone; and by insisting upon not
separating that question from our other causes of
quarrel with her. Second, that he precipitated a
war by marching our army to the Rio Grande,
within the disputed territory. Third—and it was
a new ground taken by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis]—that the President was guilty
of treason, in permitting the return of Santa Ana
to Mexico. Lastly, that he has been guilty of
usurpation in the establishment of civil govern-
ment in the territory which we have conquered.
I desire to reply to what has been said on each
of these points. And first, as to the refusal of the
Executive to separate our other grounds of quar-
rel with Mexico, from the question concerning the
boundary. To enable us to form a correct opin-
ion upon this point, it is necessary that we should
inquire into the character of the wrongs which we
have suffered at the hands of that nation, and I re-
gret that in the short time given to me, I shall he
unable to go but. imperfectly into this part of the
argument. I use a strong expression when I say
that I lament that such is the case; but not too
strong, for I undertake to say, that whenever our
causes of complaint against Mexico are laid in
their full length and breadth before the people of
this country, and they are fully understood and ap-
preciated, a feeling of indignation will be excited
against those who have undertaken to make party
capital out of the war against the Administration,
such as ought to be visited dfty upon such unpa-
triotic conduct.
In order to appreciate the character of the wrongs
which we have received at the hands of Mexico,
it is necessary that I should go back a little. From
the first dawn of Mexican independence down to
a very late period, she has been receiving nothing
but favors and kindness at our hands. We have
experienced nothing in return but perfidy and in-
gratitude. She had no sooner declared her inde-
pendence of Spain, than the sympathy of our Gov-
ernment and people was strongly manifested in
her behalf—so strongly, indeed, that it was with
difficulty our neutrality could be preserved. Our
citizens, in spite of their Government, flocked to
her standard; and, as Mr. Webster told the Mex-
ican Government in a late despatch of his, it was
in part, if not principally, by the valor of Ameri-
can citizens that she had been enabled to achieve
her independence. Weweiethe first to invite her
into the family of nations. But she had no sooner
taken her place there than all the sympathy, encour-
agement, and aid, which we had extended, were
requited by the grossest outrages upon the rights
I of our people.
I With a view to attract within her borders useful
S emigrants, Mexico had scarcely declared herinde-
| pendence before she passed a law, by which it was
! provided that all foreigners who came to establish
i themselves within her limits should be considered
as naturalized, " should they exercise any useful
'profession or industry, by which, at the end of
1 three years, they have a capital to support lliem-
' selves, and are manied. Those who, with the
' foregoing qualifications, marry Mexicans, will
' acquire particular merit for the obtaining letters
' of citizenship." By another law, all the instru-
ments of husbandry, machinery, and otherutensils
that are introduced by the colonists for their use,
are allowed to be imported free of duty, " as also
merchandise introduced by each family, to the ex-
tent of two thousand dollars." Stimulated by the
allurements thus held out, large numbers of for-
eigners, particularly from the United States, emi-
grated to that inviting country. Thus enticed into
the country, upon every principle, not only of in-
ternational law, but of natural justice, they were
entitled to protection. But in the case of Amer-
