1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
29th Cong Qd Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bayly.
New Series No. 7,
can any one fail to see the reason of it? I have
already assigned it. The Kings of England and
France could make a war to avenge their wrongs
without consulting any one; and Mexico knew
that they had a sufficient appreciation not only of
their honor, but of their pecuniary interest, to do
it. She also knew that we could not make war
without a partisan Congress being appealed to, in
which she would find some one ready to apolo-
gize for her. And her impunity from chastisement
but prompted her to aggressions against us, which
she would not have dared to have inflicted upon
others.
To suffer, Mr. Chairman, our citizens abroad,
engaged m legitimate commerce, and protected by
the laws of nations and positive treaty stipula-
tions to suffer outrages and wrongs without re-
dress, is not merely to inflict a wound upon our
national honor, but also upon our commercial in-
terests. The prosperity of England is in part
owing to the certain security and protection which
she extends to her subjects in every part of the
globe. They know that, let legitimate commerce
take them where it may, the regis of British pro-
tection will extend over them. They know that,
let them go wherever the four winds of Heaven
may take them, and they are secure in the pur-
suits of their industry. The consequence is, that
they go out like bees from the hive, and comeback
laden with the spoils of their labor. We have a
large commerce; and pecuniary interests combine
with national honor to enforce the duty upon us
of teaching all the world that American rights are
not to be trampled on with impunity. I?is with
nations as with individuals: the certainty that a
wrong will not be submitted to, is the best security
against its commission; and on the other hand, to
submit tamely to one aggression, is but to invite
another. And yet gentlemen say we ou^ht to
have waived the consideration of all our claims for
wrongs inflicted by Mexico, and have treated with
her about the question of boundary alone! Gen-
tlemen insist that we ought to have waived the
only real subjects for negotiation, and have con-
sented to treat about a preposterous one only!
The expression I use is not too strong. Mexico
had nothing to do with Texas at the time of an
nexation. The present Mexican Government
never had any authority in Texas. Texas had
been independent, and so had been acknowledged
to be by all the leading nations of the earth for
near ten years. Even Mexico, in the person of
her chief, (Santa Ana,) had acknowledged her in-
dependence. But gentlemen say he was in duress.
Be that as it may, his nation availed itself of the
treaty as far as it was beneficial to it; and it thus
was precluded from repudiating it in any particu-
lar. But it is presumed that Santa Ana knew
whether he was under duress or not; and after his
return to Mexico, he repudiated the idea that he
was so, and said that he would have suffered death
before, under any constraint, he would have con-
sented to anything to which Mexico ought not to
have submitted. Besides, subsequently, Mexico
sigrced to recognise the independence of Texas, in
another treaty, upon condition she would bind her-
self not to annex herself to the United States;
a condition which was void, for Texas hemp- in-
dependent, had a right, without restraint, to°con-
trol her own destiny; and its only effect was to
demonstrate the hate of Mexico for the American
Union—a hate which, I am sorry, for the sake of
humanity, to say, was natural; for it is a part of
its deformity, to hate those upon whom wrongs
have been inflicted in return for kindness.
But, sir, that Mexico had nothing to do with
the question of annexation, has been so frequently
demonstrated, that it would be inexcusable in me
to take up the time of the committee to prove it
now. And yet gentlemen, m their zeal to con-
demn the Administration, insist that it ought to
have waived all of our real causes of quarrel, and
agreed to treat about an imaginary one alone!
Into what will not partisanism lead us? But I
deny that after the overthrow of the government
of Heirera, the Mexican Government ever con-
sented to receive any Minister whatever. And
even the agreement of Herrera was not such as
gentlemen represent.
The following is the language which was ad-
dressed to the Mexican Government, by Mr.
Black, our consul:
At the time of the suspension of the diplomatic relations
between the two countries, General Almonte was assuied
of the desire felt by the President to adjust amicably every
cause of complaint between the Government*, and to culti-
vate the kindest and most friendly relations between theMS-
ter republics. Ho still continues to be animated by the f-gme
sentiments. He desires that all existingdifferenccs should be
terminated amicably by negotiation, and not b> the sword.
'• Actuated by these sentiments, the President has directed
me to request you, in the absence of any diplomatic agent
in Mexico, to ascertain from the Mexican Government
whether they would receive an envoy from the United States,
intrusted uithfull pouer to adjust all the questions in dispute
between the t'vo Governments. Should the answer be in the
affirmative, such an envoy will be immediately despatched
to Mexico."
What was the reply? The Minister, Pena y
Pena, said:
" Mv Government is disposed to receive the commissioner
of the United States who may come to this capital with full
power-? fiom hi* Government to settle the present disjntte m
a peaceful, reasonable, and honorable manner."
What commissioner ? Theone, of course, whom
the American Government proposed to send. And
who was he? " An envoy from the United States
intrusted with full power to adjust all the ques-
tions in dispute between the two Governments."
And what dispute did the Mexican Minister refer
tor The present dispute. What was that? It
was one dispute, although composed of many
items; and we have already seen that the question
growing out of the annexation of Texas, was the
most shadowy item of it. The idea that the Mexi-
can Government had only agreed to receive a com-
missioner to treat of the question growing out of
the annexation of Texas, was an afterthought—
when Herrera found that his administration was
in danger. If there was any doubt about this, the
language of his Minister would remove it. In his
interview with Mr. Black, who had informed him
of Mr. Slidell's arrival, he asked Mr. Black who
Mr. Slidell was. Mr. Black replied, he supposed
he was " the Envoy whom the Government had
agreed to receive from the United States." Mr.
Pena y Pena said:
"That ought not to be; the Government did not expect
an envoy irotn the United State* until January, as they were
not prepared to receive him; and he desired, if possible,
that he would not come to the capital, rior even disembark
at tins time; and that I should endeavor to prevent his
doing «o, as his appearance in thfcapital at this time might
prove destructii e to the Government,and thus defeat the uhole
ftffnir. 1 You Lmiv (said he) the Opposition are culling us
tnatois fo't entering into this arrangement with \pu.'! ,J— Mr.
Black to Mr. Buchanan, December 18, 1845; Ho. Doc. liHj,
•29th CLng., 1st sess., p. 17.
Again;
"He said that the Government itself was well disposed
and ready to pioeecd in the negotiation, but that if the affair
was commenced now, it would endanger its existence: that
the Government were p.ep.iring the thin?, collecting the
opinion and consent of the department, whieh they expect-
ed to have finished by January, and then they would be able
to proceed in the affair with inoie security; that the Govern-
ment were afiaid that the appearance of the envoy at this
time would produce a revolution against it, which might
terminate in its destitution."'—Ibid., p. 18.
Is there any one who does not understand this?
Besides, if these people were acting in good faith,
why should they have consented to receive a com-
missioner, and not an envoy? The latter not only
would have all the powers of the former, but other
and higher powers; and so far from its being a
thing to be objected to, it is always regarded as a
matter of courtesy and respect to a nation, to send
a Minister of the highest grade to treat with it.
When Mr. Fox, the resident Minister at Washing-
ton, was superseded by Lord Ashburton, in the
negotiation of the northeastern boundary question,
it was designed by the British Government, and
was received by us, as a mark of the highest con-
sideration and respect.
The mere suspicion that Herrera meant to treat
with us, caused his overthrow. Paredes came in
upon an oath of eternal hostility to the United
States. To him another overture for peaccable
negotiation was made; and by him contemptuously
rejected. Thus is the first ground of attack dis-
posed of. We have seen that the President could
jl not, without the grossest dereliction of duty, have
j: consented to waive, in the negotiation, all our
ji claims against Mexico; and, secondly, that Mexi-
:| co, after the overthrow of Herrera, never consent-
jj ed to treat with us even upon those terms.
II But, in the second place, it was contended that
the war was occasioned by the orders given by
the Executive to General Taylor to advance his
army to the left bank of the Rio Grande, and to
take post opposite the town of Matamoros.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis]
had controverted, in his speech of a former day,
the assertion in the Executive message that Mexi-
co herself had never put the war upon this ground.
Mr. B. was prepared to prove that Mexico never
had contended that that was the cause of her
attack upon us. She could not; the dates of her
own documents would have estopped her from
any such plea. He begged gentlemen not to for-
get dates in this matter: they were very impor-
tant. On the 12th of March, the government of
Paredes, in a solemn official despatch, declared
that Mexico had no alternative left her but a re-
course to arms. That was written probably on
the Ilth; it was dated the 12th. Now, it was not
till the 11th, the very day before that document
was issued, that our army took up its line of
march from Corpus Christi. It was utterly im-
possible that the movement could have been known
to the Mexican Government when this despatch
was sent. This was a very important point in
the history of this case. And notwithstanding
the shortness of his time and his great dislike to
reading in the midst of a speech, he must, to
establish it, turn to the documents in his hand,
page 56.
On the 16th of December, 1845, the Mexican
Government, in the teeth of their engagement to
do so, and obviously because war was resolved
upon, refused to receive our minister. Intelligence
of this was received at the Department of State on
the 12th of January, 1846'. The next day our
army was ordered to the Rio Grande. Shortly
afterwards, the Government of Herrera was over-
thrown, and that of Paredes established in its place.
The President, still actuated by a desire to avoid
war if possible, instructed Mr. Shdeli to make to
the new Administration another overture of peace.
And accordingly, Mr. Slidell, on the 1st of March,
1846, addressed the Secretary of State of Mexico
a communication, an extract from which I will
now read;
££ The President of the United State* entirelj approves the
course puisucd by the und< rsigned, and the communications
bj him addiessed to the Mexican Government. Had the
then existing Government continued m power, a? no alter-
native would have iPimuned, the undersigned would have
been directed to demand his passports, the President of the
United States would have submitted the whole case to Con-
gress, and called upon the nation to assert its just right*,
and avenge its injured honor.
" The destinies of the Mexican republic, however, having
since been committed to other hands, the President Is tin*
witling to take a course which would inevitably result in
war, without making another effort to avert so great a calam-
ity. He wishes, by exhausting every honorable means of
conciliation, to demonstrate to the civilized world, that if
its peace shall be disturbed, the responsibility must fall upon
Mexico alone. He is sincerely desirous to preserve that
peace; but the state of quasi hostility which now exists on
the part of Mexico, is one which is incompatible with the
dignity and interests of the United States; and it is for the
Mexican Government to decide whether it shall give place
to friendly negotiation, or lead to an open rupture."
Now, to this repeated overture of peace, what
was the reply? 1 must read it. Under date of
March 12, Mr. Castillo y Lanzas says:
" A fact such as this, [the annexation of Texas,} or, to
speak with greater exactness, so notabJe an act of usurpa-
tion, created an imperious necessity that Mexico, for her
own honor, should repel it with proper fhmne^s and dignity.
The Supreme Government had beforehand declared that it
would looI: upon surh an act as a casus belli; and, as a conse-
quence of' this declaration, negotiation was,hy ?fs very nature,
at i.ncnd; and war was the only recourse of tiie Mexi-
can goverkmfxt."
Now in all this there is nothing said about the
march of our army to the Rio Grande being: a
cause of war. On the contrary, at the time this
despatch was written, in all probability, our army
had not moved from Corpus Christi. Mexico
declares that the protest of hei minister against
the annexation of Texas had, by its very nature,
put an end to negotiation, and that " war was the
only recourse of the Mexican Government." With
these facts staring- them in their faces, gentlemen
tell us it was the march of our army that provoked
the war.
The army did not post itself opposite to Mata-
moros till the 28th of March. On the 4th of April,
before the, Mexican Government could by possi-
bility have learned that our troops were there, they
issued orders to their commanding general to attack
the American aimy by eveiy means consistent with
the laws of war.
[It was at this point the altercation between Mr.
Bayly and Mr. Davis occurred, which having been
settled bv the mediation of disinterested friends,
