1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. FkJclin.
iio. of Reps.
the exception of such as may become booty in
special cases, when taken from the enemy in the
field or in besieged towns, and by military con-
tributions levied upon the inhabitants of the hostile
territory.
But the ancient severity still continues in re-
spect to captures made at sea. The progress of
civilization has slowly but constantly tended to
soften the extreme severity of the operations of
war by land; but it still remains unrelaxed in- re-
spect to maritime warfare, in which the private
property of the enemy taken at sea or afloat in
port, is indiscriminately liable to capture and con-
fiscation: " This inequality 111 the operation of the
' laws of war by land and by sea, has been justified
• by alleging the usage of considering private prop-
erty, when captured in cities taken by storm, as
' booty, in the well-known fact that contributions
'are levied upon territories occupied by a hostile
• army, in lieu of a general confiscation of the prop-
' erty belonging to the inhabitants; and that the object
' of war by land being conquest, or the acquisition of
' territory, to be exchanged as an equivalent for other
' territory lost, the regard of the victor fur those who are
' to be or who hare been his subjects, naturally restrains
1 him from the exercise of his extreme rights in this
'particular; whereas, the object of maritime wars
'is the destruction of the enemy's commerce and
'navigation, the sources and sinews of his naval
'power; which object can only be attained by the
'captureand confiscation of private property."—
Wheaton's Law of Nations. This is the law appli-
cable to this subject; and from it the House can
clearly see what rights we have acquired by con-
quest.
So much as to our rights. Let us next consider
what are our duties. They originate in humanity,
and are defined by the laws of nations. The fiist
of these duties is to our own citizens. It is to
secure our conquests, purchased at the price of
our blood, until the objects of the war are accom-
plished—until reparation of injuries is made: m
this case, until all the just claims of our citizens are
provided for, and the expenses of Ihe war which
has been forced upon us are paid. The second of
these duties is, to accomplish these purposes with
as great, a regard to humanity, and with as little
injury to individuals, as possible. In obedience to
this duty, we are required to establish temporary
civil governments—or rather " quasi'' civil govern-
ments—civil in their form and rules of proceeding,
and military in their origin; established to protect
the rights of persons and property of the van-
quished during the military occupancy of the
country. The right, nay the duty, to establish
such government, involves the right to determine
upon its form. What it shall be is purely a mat-
ter of expediency and convenience. Upon princi-
ple, it would seem that it ought to be assimilated
as near as possible to the forms of the conquering
nation. As in all wais by land, the acquisition of
territory is looked to as probable, the sooner the
people arc introduced to the form of government
under which they are in future to live, the better.
'And the vanquished have, no right to complain,
but rather to be grateful when the form adopted is
not worse than the one superseded. And even
when it is worse, they must submit to it as the
fortune of war. Of course, complaints for the
others in the first case are purely gratuitous.
And it is something worse, when, as in this case,
persons enjoying the benefit of free institutions,
complain that they are extended to otheis, in
place of irregular and revolutionary establishments
scarcely deserving the names of systems or insti-
tutions at all. This is the law as laid down by
elementary writers, and it is strictly in accordance
with the practice of nations; and among them, of
our own. When we took Upper Canada, in the
late war, General Harrison issued his proclama-
tion under the instructions of President Madison,
who was so profoundly versed in international
law, in which, it is true, he continued all civil offi-
cers in the exercise of their functions, but required
of them an oath of fidelity to the United States.
No one will dispute that all these officers held
their office and derived their authority from the
United States; and General Harrison's proclama-
tion was nothing more than a wholesale appoint-
ment of them. This was done from convenience.
But the same power which authorized him to ap-
. point these persons, would have authorized him
to appoint, any others; and whom he should
appoint was purely a matter of expediency and
convenience. Suppose any of these officers had
refused to take the oath of fidelity and serve? Can
any one doubt that the commanding general might
and would have appointed others ? The civil officers
whom he appointed by wholesale, in the way we
have seen, were the inferior officers, as will appear
from the pioclamatton itself; for it speaks of " the
officer" who is to administer the Government as
to be appointed by the commanding general. I
have never heard of any complaint of this procla-
mation. Even amid all the mad and unpatriotic
opposition to Mr. Madison's administration—even
when then, as now, impeachment was threatened
from Massachusetts—J never heard of this procla-
mation being produced as justifying it. That has
been left for these days. Again: when the British
forces took possession of Michigan, Colonel Proc-
tor established a civil government there, and pro-
claimed himself governor. The second article of
his regulations of a civil government was in these
words: " 2d. The civil executive (lowers shall be
' exercised by a civil governor. The civil gover-
' nor shall appoint to all civil offices which aie or
' shall be vacant, and shall take care that the laws
'be faithfully executed.'' in the sixth article he
says: " The undersigned will act as civil governor
for the time being;" and signs himself Henry
Proctor, Colonel. When the enemy were driven
from the territory, General Harrison found it ne-
cessary to proclaim " that all appointments and
commissions derived from British officers are at an
end." Now, J have never heard that there was
any irregularity m all this. Yet a great clamor
has been raised against the Administration for
having authorized no more, as the facts laid before
us on yesterday will show, Hut it is contended
that although it was proper to establish civil gov-
ernments in the territories for the protection of the
rights of persons and property of the inhabitants
pending the war, yet that the authority to do it is
vested m Congress and not in the President. No
one. has contended, nor does the President claim
to have authorized those acts in virtue of his func-
tion as the civil executive. "What he has done
he did as the commander-in-chief. Although the
offices of president and commander-in-chief are
held bv the same person, the offices themselves are
distinct—as much so as if they were held by dif-
ferent individuals. In establishing these civil gov-
ernments he has but executed, as commander-in-
chief, the duties which the law of nations impose;
the obligation of which, upon all our public func-
tionaries and citizens, is recognised by the Consti-
tution itself in the clause conferring upon Congress
the power to punish offences against them. It is
true the President must exercise the functions m
question in subordination toCongiess. The Con-
stitution vests it with the power " to make rules
concerning captures on land or water;" " to make
rules for the government and regulation of the land
and naval forces," and also confers upon it exclu-
sively the power of making all laws which shall be
necessary and proper to carry into efTect the granted
powers. And it has undoubtedly the authority,
either before a declaration of war, at the time of
the declaration, or at any time, afterwards, if it.
distrusts the wisdom or prudence of the comman-
der-in-chief, to prescribe the forms of civil gov-
ernment in the event of conquests by our arms,
which shall be established by our commanders; or
it may make any other regulations pertaining to
war which it may see fit.
But if they declare war, or recognise its exist-
ence without any such legislation, I beg and inquire
if they do not thereby require the commander-in-
chief to follow and obey the usages of civilized
nations ? By the very act of declaring or recog-
nising the existence of war, you impliedly require
this of him. And so our Supremo Court has de-
cided. In the case of Talbot vs. Seeman, Chief
Justice Maishall holds this language:
" Congress may authorize general hostilities, and in such
case the general laws of war will apply: or paitial hostili-
ties when the laws of war, so far as they arc applicable,
wiil'be in force."—Talbot is. Seeman. 1 Oianch.
The authority conferred on the President, by a
state, of war, is not upon him as the civil execu-
tive of the United States, but as commander-in-
chief of the army and navy of the United States.
Mr. B. fully agreed with thp doctrine so ably and
clearly laid down by his colleague, [Mr. Seddon.]
As commander-in-chief he had done no more than
the law of nations fully authorized him to do. The
Constitution conferred on Congress the power "to
make rules concerning captures on land or water,"
and also " to make rules for the government and
regulation of the land and naval forces;" and it
recognised by implication the obligation of the
laws of nations, for it empowered Congress to
punish the infraction of those laws. Congress
might legislate upon the subject, but, the obligation
of tiie law of nations was binding till actually su-
perseded by special legislation. It was the duty
of the President to execute those laws; he must
do it; he was sworn to do it; and he would be
liable lo impeachment if he did not.
[Here Mr. Bayly's hour expired.]
THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
SPEECH OF MR. O. B. FICKLIN,
OF ILLINOIS,
Ik tuf. House or Representatives,
January 9, 1847.
The Bill to raise for a limited time an additional
Military Force bein^ under consideration in the
Committee of the Whole—
Mr. FICKLIN addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: From day to day I have been
pained to listen to the speeches, and mark the un-
ceasing efforts of our Whig friends, by which they
seek to make political capital out of the war with
Mexico. It is not sufficient to have the war con-
ducted by generals of their own party, (as are
those highest in command in Mexico,) but there
is a settled purpose to disgrace the President by
charging him with causing the war, and with
prosecuting it without any kind of energy or abili-
ty, while their generals in the field are lauded to
the skies. The plan is this: to place all the blame
on Mr. Polk, and gite all the credit to their gen-
erals, two at least of whom—General Scott and
General Taylor—are in training as candidates for
the next Presidency.
Deeply is it to be regretted that generals in the
aimy should, at the same time, be candidates for
the Presidency: the two positions do not very well
harmonize with each other. Now, these questions
should not he discussed prematurely; neither the
President or those in command should be put upon
their trial till the war is over. But if gentlemen
are determined to force the issue upon us, and to
persist in their efforts to overwhelm the President
with undeserved reproaches, they must be met.
Before any capital can be made that is worth
havins, the Whigs must get themselves into line,
and be cither for the war or against the war, for the
United States or for Mexico. At present they are
divided into three distinct factions: one division
takes bold and patriotic ground for the war and the
necessary measures to carry it on; another fac-
tion takes the ground of the Hartford Convention
Federalists in the war of 1812, by opposing the
war and all the measures to carry it on; and the
third faction takes both sides, and attempts to steer
between wind and water, by oting for the war and
speaking against it lt They roost with the chickens
and gobble with the turkeys," in the hope of avoid-
ing responsibility; but instead of doing so, the like-
lihood is, that a double share of it will rest upon
them. This is charged to be an unjust war by those
opposed to it, but its justice, and necessity have been
abundantly established. Mexico has repeatedly
insulted our flag and seized our vessels in her ports,
imprisoned our citizens engaged in lawful com-
merce, violated her treaty stipulations with us, mal-
treated our Minister, Mr. Shannon, and refused to
receive and recognise Mr. Slidell as our Minister;
she failed to pay the just debts due our citizens, and
finally, declared war and attacked our troops oti
: what we claim to be American soil. More than
j this- she has for years been a quarrelsome and
! jealous neighbor, affiliating, combining, and m-
! tri°-uin°- with any and all other nations who would
' enter into her schemes against our commerce and
' our national prosperity. The cup of insult has
I lon°- since been filled to overflowing, and it is high
' time that the accounts were settled and the books
I balanced.
