102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 15,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Missouri Compromise Line—Mr. Mc demand.
Ho. of Reps.
commanding a brigade of the army in Mexico; not avail-
able for dutv as a field officer. .
6. W. Davenport, 1st infantry, on duty west of the Missis-
sippi ; services not needed with General Taylor's army, the
battalion of his regiment being commanded by the lieuten-
ant colonel. , . ,
7. William Whistler, 4th infantry, in arrest; under trial.
8. Vacaiury, the ofticcr to be promoted must join his regi-
ment, the 6th infantry, in the Cherokee country, Arkansas.
lieutenant colonels.
1. NewmanS. Clarke, 8th infantry, entitled to ptomotion,
which will take him from the army under General Taylor.
2. James S. Mcintosh, 5th infantry, absent; disabled by
wounds received at Resaca de la Palma.
3. John Garland, 4th infantry, commanding a brigade of
the army in Mexico, his regiment being commanded by a
captain.
Sennet Riley, 2d infantry, en route for the ainiy in
Mexico.
5. Gustaiw Loomis, 6th infantry, commanding his regi-
ment in the Clieiokee country.
6. E. Ji. Hitchcock, 3d infantry, absent, sick; dibeu&e con-
tracted with the army in Texas.
7. Heniy Wilson, 1st infantry, commanding the battalion
of four companies of his regiment serving with General j
Taylor's army. j
8. Greenleaf Dearborn, 7th infantry, on six months' leave .
for the benefit of his health; not now able, from unpaired
constitution, to perform field duty, nor is it likely he will
bo soon.
majors.
1. Waddy V. Chbbs, 4th infantry,cannot walk or tide, and
has not performed a day's duty for seven years, and never
can join his regiment.
2. Thomas Stamford, 5th infantry, commanding regi-
ment in Mexico; the only field orficer with it.
3. Joseph Plympton, 2d mfantiy, en route for the army in
Mexico.
4. William G. Belknap, 8th infantry, serving with hi« regi-
ment in Mexico. {\Tn the battles of the 8th and 9th of May
he commanded abrigiade, the command of the regimentilc-
volvins? on a captain.]
5. W. W Lear, 3(1 infantry, commanding his regiment,
the only field officer with it. [Joined hin regiment « mce the
battles of the 8th and 9th of May, having been absent on
aceount of ill health two years and a half; and fioinliis
known impaired constitution, it js not probable he will he
able to continue with the ariny long.}
6. B. L. R. Bonneville, 6th infantry, en route for ?an An-
tonio, with a battalion of two companies of the regiment.
7. J. B. Clark, 1st infantry, stationed at Fort fuelling,
where he mmt remain. [JVo/c.—From his frequent nbsvnoe
on account of impaired health, it is not likely that he can
long serve in an activo campaign, [n the last seven years
he has been absent, on account of ill health, two } cars and
four months.]
8. Thomas Srocl!> 7th infantry, on leave of alienee for
the last seven years, being unable to ride or walk; and
it is believed he will never be able to perform any imlitaiy
duty.
jRemarks.
Of the whole number of field officers of intantrv. (Jl,)
one-third are at this tunc di^qinhhed for duty in t'n- field
with their regiment- by reason of age or othn di-abilify;
except two of the number, who may be leiyardod a* tem-
porarily disabled, in consequence of wounds or ill In-nltli.
Of the twelve field officers of artillery, but one
is in the field; and of the twenty-four field officers
of infantry, one-third are unlit for field service. !
"Will such a state of things be sanctioned by this j
House? Can it be expected, in the face of this ;
catalogue of invalid salaried officer®, more suitable !
for the hospital than field service, that we would j
vote to inflict upon the country a new and hungry i
swarm of them ? Surely not. But, on the contrary, !
let those officers of the company or regiment who j
are able to command, take the place of those above ;
them who are notable to command. Meanwhile, i
let Congress provide by law to disencumber the ;
army of those officers who do not and never can :
render service, and supply their places with those i
who can. The whole army should be thoroughly i
examined, and relieved of such officers as are in- i
efficient. Even if it were provided that those to
be appointed under this bill, should go out at the
close of the war, the foregoing list of invalids
would still be retained, and the effect would be to
turn out such as could do service, and to retain '
such as could not do service. Such a plan cer- !
tainly does not commend itself to me. '
We are admonished not to increase the standing i
army of this country, which would endure as weU '
in peace as in war, from the fact of the great diffi- !
culty we had a few years since to achieve even a '■
partial reform, by a reduction of its numbers, and
that applied only to the privates; for while the re°i-
ments of rank and file were reduced to a skeleton
the number of officers was not diminished the
epaulette and button show as conspicuously as ever
in our cities; and the drafts upon the treasury fur-
ill shed convincing proofs that the salaries of the
officers did not remain unpaid.
The legular army is now too large for the peace
establishment, ana the ten regiments cannot be
i raised in time for the war with Mexico, unless it
| is spun out beyond all reasonable length. An-
' other objection is, that the troops are to enter into
the service for five years or during the war. Now,
I do not wish to see five years associated in any
way with the continuance of this war. The popu-
larity of General Washington, in his palmiest days,
would have been frittered away by a five years'
j war with such a Power as Mexico.
I Place at the command of General Scott a sufli-
j cient force to compel the surrender of Vera Cruz,
I and blow up the Castle of St. Juan D'Ulloa, and
; he is then within two hundred and ten miles of the
! city of Mexico, and within two hundred and sev-
! entv-three, by the usually travelled route.
i One decisive battle afterwards, at some point in
! the inteiior, will end this war, and " conquer for
j us an honorable peace," before the first of May
I next.
j We have the volunteers in this country to do it.
! Young men, bold, hardy, and daring, who are
I panting for an opportunity to go where they can
fight for their country, and win for themselves un-
dying renown.
Volunteers do not wish to go where they would
be pent up like sheep in the fold, to die of inaction.
No, their march is onward to victory or death !
My conviction that this bill'is wrong, is deep,
fixed, and permanent; therefore I prefer a substi-
i i tute which shall authorize the President to call into
i| service any number not exceeding thirty thousand
! j volunteers, to serve during the war, and to be paid
at the rate of ten dollars per month for the time
they serve, and to receive military bounty land
when discharged, or if they die in service, the land
to be granted to their next of kin.
Will it be contended that the regulars proposed to
be raised by the bill of the Committee on Military
Affairs can possibly have any claim to superior
qualifications over the volunteers? I presume not.
The raw recruit and the volunteer, so far as having
seen service or having learned military tactics are
concerned, stand about equal. Both are fresh
from the walks of private life, and are alike un-
used to the din of war, its toils, and its privations.
We must, therefore, look to the other necessary
elements that constitute a soldier, in order to deter-
mine who will he most reliable in the hour of peril.
The man who enlistsasacommon soldier in an army
jj where the discipline is enforced by the lash of the
l! cat-o'-nine-tails, does not possess that lofty bear*
j | ing and unbroken spirit that characterize the noble,
II the proud, yet willing volunteer. The heart " that
jj bents high for praise" will dare more, and the arm
that is nerved with patriotism will do more, than
can be achieved by the hireling soldier.
The ill-founded suspicion, that the volunteers
would not stand lire, which has heretofore obtain-
ed to a very considerable extent amongst the offi-
cers of the regular army, is entirely put to flight
by the operations of our troops in Mexico; and
they have shown themselves equal to the veteran
regular in eveiy part of the battle-field. Having
the fullest confidence in the indomitable courage
of our volunteers, I am willing to confide the honor
of the country to their hands, confident that it will
! not be tarnished by any act of theirs; and that no
blot will be placed upon the escutcheon of our
! country while it is in their keeping. Coming
, from the masses of the people, and possessing a
t community of interests with them; proud of, and
| attached to, their country and its institutions;
j wedded to then* homes by the ties of s< wife,
children, and friends," the volunteers cannot fail
to acquit themselves m a manner eminently credit-
able to the Government. For these reasons, and
many others, I am free to say, that I prefer volun-
teers to regulars; and 1 am not willing even to
imply a distrust of their being reliable soldiers, by
passing this bill. Its passage would be equivalent
to saying that we have not confidence in the volun-
teers, and must therefore look to regulars for the
hard-fighting. Let us scout such a preposterous
and exploded opinion from this Hall, and look to
it, that the volunteer is put forward, when he may
prove m the " battle's shock," that he is made of
the right stuff for war as well as peace.
In conclusion, I will say to our friends of both
parties, let us for the present cease to find fault either
with the President or the officers in charge of the
campaign, and prepare every means and facility in
our power for the vigorous and successful prose-
cution of the war, so as to bring it to a speedy and
brilliant termination; and when it is over is the
time to fix the fault (if any there be) on those who
are guilty, or to show that we magnanimously for-
give and forget any error that may have occurred
in maintaining the rights and the honor of our
common country.
THE MISSOURI COMPROMISE LINE.
REMARKS OF MR. McCLERNAND,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
January 15, 1847.
On the amendment offered by Mr. Burt to the bill
to organize a Territorial Government in Oregon,
assigning as a reason why slavery should be
excluded from that Territory, that it was situated
above the parallel of 36° 30', the line of the
"Missouri Compromise."
Mr. McCLERNAND, addressing the Speaker,
after some preliminary remarks, proceeded to say:
"Whatever may be the consequence of agitating
the question of slavery now, he, at least, could not
beheld justly liable for it. On all proper occasions,
in private, as well as in public, his voice and his
admonition had been against agitating the subject.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. P. Kino]
would bear testimony to this fact. When called
upon by Mr. K. for his (Mr. McC.'s) opinion, he
had advised against the introduction of the ques-
tion by the bill Mr. K, had proposed. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] would do
him the same justice in reference to his [Mr. B.?s]
purpose to offer the amendment which had been
negatived. What he had then said in private, he
now repeated in public. Let us agree, at all events,
for the present, not to agitate this sore and dis-
tracting question. The strongest reasons exist
why we should not do so. We are now in the
midst of a war implicating our rights, our interests,
and our honor—a war, upon the successful issue
of which the estimation of the American name
by the civilized world must depend. Besides, we
must soon feel the necessities of a failing treasury,
or the burdens of increased taxes. Concord and
harmony, therefore, in the public councils become
a duty—unity of purpose and action a matter of
necessity, if wc would acquit ourselves of our duty.
Theie is nothing more true than that in "union
there is strength," in u division there is danger."
This latter was the saying, perhaps, of Caesar, and
no one ever more signally illustrated its truth than
he did in the conquest of the enemies'of Rome, and
finally of Rome herself. The inhabitants of the
city of Jerusalem, as long as they continued uni-
ted, were able to withstand the siege pressed by
Titus; but when they became divided into factions,
through the arts of Simon and John, they and
their rich and "venerable city fell an easy prey to
the conqueror. Is there not something in this fact
which should arrest our attention? Does it not
afford an example pregnant with admonition? If
we do not fall a prey to our enemies, may we not
fall the victims of our own angry and fierce feuds?
It had been said by the gentleman from South
Carolina that this question must come upon us,
that it had been growing upon us as the lengthen-
ing shadows of a huge Colossus for years: and
why longer seek to avoid it? The answer is ob-
vious? Why anticipate it? Why court it by
unreasonable agitations? "Why rush madly and
recklessly upon the rocks and reefs of strife and
danger? Wisdom and prudence dictate a different
course. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil there-
of." Better in some cases to—
-bear the ills we have,
Than fly to others that we know not of."
Our institutions have sustained themselves nobly
so far; they have passed through the fierce contests
of parties and factions; they have rode out the
storm of war with one of the most powerful na-
tions of the globe, and have outlived, or promise
to outlive, by fair play, the expectations of most,
if not all those familiar with their creation, except
the great and good men who shared in their struc-
ture. There is a time for all things. Leaving
events to their natural course, we have reason to
hope that the conservative principle of our institu-
