104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
Such a measure mast have the effect of malting
•what is now the war of the nation the war of a
section; to thwart the war itself, and to prevent ter-
ritorial acquisition. What is more, as a governing
precedent for future time, it is calculated to dwarf
the nation, to cramp it in its infancy, as by the
iron shoe applied to the Chinese girl, and thus
bring upon it premature decrepitude and dccay.
Extension and expansion is the condition of our
political existence, and must continue to be from
the adaptation of our free institutions, and the
stimulating influence they exert upon the restless,
adventurous, and energetic character of our people.
To fix arbifrary bounds to the republic would be
to cage the eagle in his upward flight, to halt in 1
the career of our destiny. In short, when we
cease to extend, we will cease to be, what we are
now, a united and ascendent people.
The honorable gentleman concluded, by repeat-
ing that he would, for the present, vote against any
agitation of the question of slavery, believing that
such agitation must do harm, and could not do
good.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. GARRETT DAVIS,
of kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
December 2:2,1846.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under consid-
eration the resolutions proposing to refer the
various subjects adverted to in the President's
Message to appropriate committees—
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, of Kentucky, ad-
dressed the Chair. He said:
There never had (Mr. D. said) existed a Gov-
ernment that did not imbody two antagonist prin-
ciples in some form and to some extent—the spirit
of popular freedom, and the spirit of despotism.
These two principles are at eternal strife, and with
various success. All governments (said Mr. D.)
are organized necessarily with executive powers,
which are sometimes invested in a single magistrate
and sometimes in a plurality; hut, whether in the
one form or the other, the executive branch always
comprehends chiefly the despotic spirit and ten-
dencies of the government. The proclivity of the
executive of all governments, in every age of the
world, is to arrogate to itself to he the imbodiment
of the nation; to constitute itself the government;
to submit to no question or examination of Us acts,
and to regard the crime of treason to consist in op-
position to itself. This is, to some extent, the inva-
riable and inevitable genius of the executive power
of all governments, great or small, whatever their
form, and whether called into being by organic law,
fraud, force, or accident. i
The usurping dictators and embryon emperors [
of Rome treated and punished all opposition to them I
as treason to what they still termed the Common- >
wealth. When Charles 1. claimed the right to levy j
ship^ money, and the virtuous Hampden denoun- I
ced it as a gieat and dangerous encroachment upon i
English liberty, the parasites and the tools of the |
royal despot cried out, "Treason against the Gov- 1
eminent." Louis XIV., in imperial conciseness i
of expression, announced, " I am the State; all op-1
position to me is war against France." And here ;
in our land, when the mother country was oppres- j
sing the colonies with exactions and burdens, with- j
out a voice in the Government, arid Henry, almost !
within sight of this Capitol, was arousing his coun-1
trymen against the tyranny and the tyrant, and in j
words of prophctic warning exclaimed, "Ca sar
had his Brutus, Charles the First his Cromwell" 
Treason! Treason!! shouted the slaves of power.
The undaunted friend of liberty poised himself for
a moment on his own great soul, and thundered
forth, "May George the Third profit by their ex-
ample. If that be treason make the most of it."
Mr. Chairman, our Government, it is deplora-
ble truth, forms no exception to the universal ex-
istence and operation of this spirit of despotism.
Our President dispenses fifty thousand places with-
out constitutional sanction, and with as capricious ,
a will as any Oriental despot. The country had j
inherited from Washington the best currency and |
financial agency ever devised by the experience 1
and wisdom of man; it falls under Executive dis-
pleasure, and perishes by his breath, and a monster
takr>s its place only to mar commercial operations,
to furnish a better currency for the privileged classes
of office-holders, to the detriment of the people, and
its coffers to be plundered by their keepers. The
genius of the age conceives great projects of im-
provement to piomote trade upon land, lake, river,
and ocean; the people require, and the people's
Representatives appropriate, the necessary sums;
but the President, irresponsible in the exercise of
the one-man power, utters J forbid, and all is struck
motionless as death. There springs from the very
foundation of the Government a system of legis-
lation which protects the whole field of human in-
! dustry, diversifies production, slowly but certainly
j augments national wealth, and lays broad and deep
I the foundation of national independence: our Chief
Magistrate throws himself at the head of the free-
trade minority, and, by his vast patronage and per-
petually-growing ascendency, constrains Congress,
against its own convictions and judgment, to aban-
don it; he heeding not the great advantages which
he is thus heaping; upon foreign nations, and reck-
less of the ruin with which he is overwhelming his
own countrymen. To make war is the most fear-
ful power'exerted by human government. The
sages who formed the constitution intrusted to the
President the national shield, but they well knew
that if they gave him its sword also, liberty must
perish: they therefore deposited the entire war
I power with the Representatives of the people and
the States. During the last session of Congress
some notes of war arose from the Mexican frontier,
and thev indistinctly reverberated through the dome
! of this Capitol. The constitutional war power had
! not spoken its fiat, and a proposition is made in
! this Hall to inquire of the President, ex officio the
! commander-in-chief, what mean those warlike in-
dications ? His friends vote it down, and thus tell
him to withhold from Congress and the people in-
formation to which they aie entitled by both con-
stitutional right and national safety. In a few days
more the roar of artillery and the slaughter of the
battle-field announce that the United States was at
war. How came this about ? who did it ? oujjhtto
have been the stern questions of every American
whose heart was faithful to the Constitution. Facts
authentic and incontrovertible answer, President
Polk. He takes it upon himself to make war upon
Mexico, and deigns not to consult Congress, al-
though it is holding Us daily sessions in his imme-
diate presence. He is charged of his own author-
ity to have undertaking a war of conquest, and
prominent among the host of facts which prove it
was authority e;iven by him to Col. Stevenson to
raise for the United States service a regiment of
armed emigrants for California. It is proposed in
this House to inquire of the President his specific
objects in this enterprise ; and his friends, forming
a large and domineering majority, allow no debate,
and vote it down. Mr. Polk is all the while de-
claring to the world that his only object is "to con-
quer a pcace," and that he aims at no territorial
acquisition; and yet our military and naval officers
overrun and hold possession ofhalf Mexico. They
set up to be lawgivers and the founders of States,
prescribe constitutions and forms of government,
declare vast countries to be annexed to the United
States, extend our laws over them, establish legis-
lative, executive, and judicial officers and their sal-
aries; appoint men to fill them for a certain time;
and they promulgate an edict that all the inhabi-
tants are citizens of the United States; require them
to take the oath of allegiance, and denounce the
punishment of traitors not only against those who
are found in arms against the United States, but
against all who refuse or fail to take the oath of
allegiance. Congress has not declared war against
Mexico, but has merely recognised its existence,
and that upon the misstatement of the fact that it
was begun by Mexico. Yet the President asks for
a large loan, a great increase of taxes, and is adding
largely to our army still further to prosecute this
war. On behalf of the American people, and as the
constitutional rierht of Congress, I propose to ad-
dress a solemn inquiry to him, to know whether
any and what States of Mexico he intends to con-
quer and permanently to hold, and for what precise
objects he continues to wage this war. But, sir,
his liege supporters in this House will not allow
him thus to be questioned, and they vote down the
motion upon the ground that these are great State
secrets, that can be safely intrusted only to the
President, and that he ought not, and cannot, con-
fide them to the representatives of the people even
with the seal of closed doors. Against all members
of Congress who have the audacity to inquire into
and to condemn such flagitious and dangerous
abuses and usurpations, the President, in his mes-
sage to them, hurls the charge of "giving aid and
comfort to the enemyand his truckling and ser-
vile panders upon this floor echo, "Treason ! aid
and comfort to the enemy!"
Mr. Chairman, this great question of the exist-
ing war with Mexico has a twofold aspect: the one
foreign, the other domestic. In its foreign aspect
it is not without interest; but that interest sinks
to nothing when compared with its domestic rela-
tions and importance, present and future. Mexico,
in her best possible state, would be beyond all com-
parison a weaker Power than the United States,
and no part of a match for them in a conflict of
arms. But with little wealth or industry ; limited
sources of subsistence and military materials; with
no government or political institutions- to which
her people are attached; torn to pieces and bleed-
ing by the never-ending conflicts of successive mil-
itary factions; without national unity, spirit, or
character, and the whole fabric of her society in
the uttermost disorganization, she has been able
to offer but little resistance to ourinvasion. With
immense odds from the numbers and position of
her troops in her favor, she has been signally over-
thrown in every encounter of arms, and about one
half of her territory in a few short months has been
overrun and is held by our armies and navies. The
difficulty is not to vanquish her; not to secure our-
selves against her incursions, but to quit this fight,
to get away from the remnant of Mexico, and to
leave our prostrate foe to himself. No, sir; this
Mcxican war is not more than a fly upon the bull's
horn. The United States, whether the war con-
tinue or not, stand in imimperilled security against
all the power of Mexico. Butourgallantsoldiery
have been sent in detachments into distant and in-
salubrious countnes by Mr. Polk; they are beset
by hosts of savage and infuriate foes, and whilst
they are upholding the stars and stripes of their
country, thoy must have all needful succor and
support.
But, sir, let us look at this subject in its relations
to our own Government and people. In this as-
pect it is impossible to attach too much importance
and interest to it, and I will give it as free an ex-
amination as befits an American representative. In
speaking of the acts of Mr. Polk, as he has had
the effrontery to brand as traitors all who, impel-
led by a sense of duty, have held up his conduct
in this war to the judgment of the American peo-
ple, he has no right to expect the ordinary courtesy
due to his official position.
A most novel and stiange disclosure, made by
Mr. Polk in his message, will strongly arrest the
attention of every reader. He informs Congress
that whilst he was professing amity and friend-
ship to Paredes, as President of Mexico, and to his
Government, and was endeavoring, with such pro-
fessions, to negotiate a treaty with him, by which
all questions of difficulty between the two countries
should be finally settled, and the relations between
them be established upon a permanent basis of
peace and friendship, he, (Mr. Polk,) under these
circumstances, made a coalition with Santa Ana,
and became a party to a conspiracy, formed by him
to overturn the very government of Paredes, to
which he was daily manifesting friendly disposi-
tions. Does history furnish an example of more
abhorrent perfidy ? Was any government through
its Chief Magistrate, ever more vilely prostituted ?
Can any true-hearted American reflect that it was
a successor of Washington, and an American Presi-
dent, who has brought this degradation upon us,
without mingled feelings of shame and indignation ?
Mr. Polk not only gave security and facilities to
Santa Ana and his associated conspirators to pass
our squadron blockading Vera Cruz, but, in his in-
comprehensible folly and weakness, he asked Con-
gress to place, without restriction, in his hands,
two millions of dollars, which he designed for his
new and clandestine ally.
And who is this Santa Ana, for whom Mr. Polk
was seized with such sudden confidence and affec-
tion? In his message he enumerates the wrongs
