106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
bers of the Cabinet of the republic of Texas, and
the captive President and certain captured generals
of Mexico, and not at all between the two nations.
2ti. In all its provisions and spirit, it is only aj)er-
sonal compact between the parties to it; and upon
its face provided for its confirmation or rejection
" by the proper and legitimate Government of
Mexico." 3d. "The release of Santa Ana imme-
diately" on its receiving the signatures of his gen-
eral officers, "and his conveyance to Vera Cruz
as soon afterwards as may be convenient," was
an important stipulation, and his principal object
in entering into this arrangement, and this was
violated by the Government nnd authorities of
Texas. 4th. Santa Ana was nor then, nor had not
been for some time, the actual President of Mexi-
co; he was commander-in-chtefonly of her armies,
and Gomez Farias was filling the office of Presi-
dent ad interim, and in the exercise of all its powers.
facts are accessible to Mr. Polk, and to any man
who will search and read.
Another fact, stated by President Polk, that
il the republic of Texas always claimed this river
(the Rio Grande) as her western boundary," is
equally destitute of foundation. As before shown,
Mr. Donelson had informed Mr. Polk that Ta-
maulipas, Coahuila, and New Mexico, States of ,
Mexico, extended east of the Rio Grande. After
Texas was ceded to Spain by the United States,
that Power had a right to make what political
divisions of the country she pleased, and to estab-
lish any boundaries for them. Under her author-
ity, Mexico was divided into provinces, among
which were Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and New Mex-
ico. The latter had always, without dispute on
the part of France, or the United States, or any
other Power, comprehended a large extent of
country east of the Rio Grande, and her ancient
5th. If Santa Ana had even then been President of'i and only boundary continued fixed and unques-
Mexico, and in the performance of all its powers
and duties, he could not, without the consent and I
ratification of her Senate, have made a treaty oblig- !
atory upon Mexico. 6th. The Government of
Mexico declared said arrangement to be null and
of no effect. 7th. Santa Ana was a prisoner in
the hands of his enemies,-and any power that he
might possess individually, or in connexion with
any other magistracy, upon his captivity, forthwith
reverted to the Mexican nation. Santa Ana had
lio more power to cede any part of the territory of
Mexico to Texas, or to ascertain and fix their
doubtful and unsettled boundary, than General La
Vega had, whilst a prisoner in our country, to j
cede to the United States California, and to agree ]
upon the Rio Grande as the line between them and ]
Mexico. Before President Polk again ventures to ;
give such effect to this arrangement, he had better j
both understand its provisions, and learn some of
the plainest principles of international law.
After this bastard negotiation, conceded by a
perfidious, cruel, and bloody prisoner to his cap-
tors to save his life, the Congress of Texas did pass
an act defining her western boundary to be the Rio
Grande, from its mouth to its source; but to attach
any effect whatever to this measure, is a great ab-
surdity. No being having reason need betold that
one nation cannot break up its boundary, enlarge
its territory, and sever a section from a neighbor-
ing country, by merely passing a law declaring her
boundary to be a river or a mountain intersecting
guch neighboring country. Adopt that principle,
and we have no State of Texas, because Mexico
has said a thousand times, and in every form, and
insists to this day, that Texas, up to the Sabine,
is a part of Mexico. The title of nations to terri-
tory is that of discovery, of cession, or of conquest
confirmed by treaty, or a possession equivalent to
such treaty. Texas never had the similitude ofeither
of those titles to the valley of the Rio Grande, or to
one inch of New Mexico. She never, as Presi-
dentPolk affirms she did, " extended her civil and ;
political jurisdiction over the country up to that |
boundary,1' (the Rio Grande, from its mouth to
its source.) She never had a settlement or a resi-
dent citizen under her protection in all the valley
of that long river. There had been settlements
and towns, and villages east of it, from Santiago,
tioned. Tamaulipas and Coahuila were each re-
cognised and declared to extend to the Nueces,
and the authority and laws of both severally main-
tained and executed up to that river. Mexico as-
serted and successfully maintained her independ-
ence against the arms of Spain; and in 1824 she
established a constitution and a government of
confederated States upon the plan of our Union.
New Mexico, Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Texas,
became States of this Mexican confederated repub-
lic, and each by its defined, recognised, and fixed
boundary, the Nueces always having been the line
between the three latter. Texas, not then having
a sufficient population for a separate State govern-
ment, she and Coahuila were united under a com-
mon one, and were called the State of Coahuila and
Texas. But each preserved her distinct political
existence by their ancient and uniform boundary,
just as Massachusetts and Maine did before the
latter became a State; and provision was express-
ly made in favor of Texas, that she should have a
separate State government when her population
should authorize it. Things remained in this con-
dition until 1834, when this private and confidential
ally of Mr. Polk, Santa Ana, overturned the con-
federated Government of Mexico, and established
in its stead a military despotism. Against this
I violent revolution the Legislature of Coahuila and
! Texas entered a spirited protest, for which that
I body was dissolved by the military power of Santa
j Ana. Texas called a convention, and on the 7th
! November, 1835, it promulged her first declaration
| of independence, the third clause of which is in
! these words: "That they do not acknowledge that
i ' the present authorities of the nominal Mexican
! ' republic have the right to govern within the limits
! 4 of Texas." In March following, Texas publish-
| ed, by another convention, a more formal declara-
i tion of independence, and then framed a conatitu-
] tion of government for herself as a separate Power,
l In all these solemn proceedings, Texas acted mere-
: ly by name, and necessarily by her existing, and
| as yet, unvarying boundary. She neither at-
; tempted to expand her own limits nor to encroach
j upon the territory of Coahuila. She sent a formal
I deputation to Coahuila, and strongly urged her to
! declare herself also independent. Coahuila re-
fused, and Texas left her to herself, with her
on the gulf, to Taos, in the mountains, including j j boundary to the Nueces still unquestioned, and her
Peuris, Trampa, Enbudo, Namba, San Juan Santa ;; jurisdiction and laws operating over the whole
Fe, Vitior, San Domingo, San Branilla, San Aux.
San Dios, Albuquerque, San Fernanda, Valencia,
Fonclara, Las Nutrias, Aiamtllo, San Pasqual,
Cristobal, Las Pepuallas, Presidio, Dolores, and
Loredo, They stretched along a length of more
than fifteen hundred miles, and approximated an
hundred thousand inhabitants. Many of them had
been founded more than a century, and one of them
country, and all the people between that river and
the Rio Grande. It is true that the Mexicans had
not then, nor at any time, settlements or people in
the valley of the Nueces, and that Texas after-
wards did extend her settlements within that val-
ley and a few miles west of this river. But as late
as the year 1839, Canales, a Mexican chief, headed
an insurrection in the northern provinces of Mex-
Santa l(e, was the capital of New Mexico, and the j' ico, and attempted, with the support of Texas, to
seat of a government from which daily emanated ij establish the republic of Rio Grande, to be formed
political soveieignty and civil jurisdiction. No |i 0f the States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Duran-
Texan magistrate was ever seen, no Texan law [| g0. The independence of this embryon republic
was ever obeyed, no Texan jurisdiction was ever i | was declared, and Canales elected'its Piesident.
asserted, no Texan rule, m any form, ever existed u f^e formed a secret agreement with the Govern-
in this extent of country, or over this people. All h ment of Texas, and the first three articles of it are
was Mexican from the beginning, and continued j; jn these woids-
so to be up to the time the American armies in- ;! „lst Th Presi"deilt of the repub„c nf Rio Granfle (6en.
vaded the country, and expelled the Mexican au- , j era! Canale* pledges himself to declare the Independence
thorities. Two military expeditions from Texas j! of the republic at Rio Grande, and to declare and establish
had made incursions into the country on the lower 1 the State and Federal constitution of 1824, so soon as ho
Rio Grande but President Houston disavowed j t"C of
one, and both, were signally defeated. All these ' <k 2d, That the republic of Rio Grande shall, immediately
after the said declaration of independence, recognise the in-
dependence of Texas.
"3d. The republic of Texas pledged herself to aid the
Federalists of Rio Giande in their struggle for independence,
directly her independence is recognised bv the republic of
Rio Grande."
The eastern boundary of this evanescent repub-
lic was the Nueces; it was recognised by Texas,
and her army and navy helped to uphold 'it; but its
President, was defeated in 1840 at Laredo, a town
of Tamaulipas, east of the Rio Grande, by a Mex-
ican army under General Arista, and Canales
retieated into Texas. Will President Polk ever
again tell the American people that " the republic
of Texas has always claimed to the Rio Graade,
from its mouth to its source, as her western bound-
ary?" For the credit of our Government it is to
be hoped that such an assertion will never here-
after find a place in a Presidential message to
Congress.
But after Mr. Polk's elaborate attempt, both by
assumption and suppression of fact, to prove that
Texas abutted on the Rio Grande its entire length,
he winds up that part of the subject thus: "This
* was the Texas which, by the act of our Congress
4 of 29th December, 1845, was admitted one of the
i States of our Union." Congress proposed to
annex Texas to our Union as a State, but not
Texas as Mr. Polk spreads her out; to that doubt-
ful, nay, unauthorized, extent Congress refused to
receive her. The resolutions of annexation pro-
vided, "First, Congress doth consent that the
4 territory properly included within, and rightfully
' belonging to, the republic of Texas, may be
* enacted into a-new State, to be called the State
' of Texas, with a republican form of govern-
1 ment,"&c. Again: ''Said State to be formed
' subject to the adjustment by this Government of
i all questions of boundary that may arise with
* other Governments," &c.
These terms were just and proper in themselves,
and were acceded to by the people of Texas. In
the introduction to her constitution formed for her
as a State, and preliminary to her admission into
our Union, and which has been approved by Con-
gress, is this passage:
" We, the people of the republic of Texa<?, acknowledging
with gratitude the giace of God in peunitting us to make a
choice of our form of government, do, in accordance with
the joint resolulionfor annexiits; Texas to the United States,
appioved March 1, 1845, ordain and establish this consti-
tution."
This constitution sets forth no boundary what-
ever, but both it and the resolutions of annexation
exclude all country that was not properly included
within and that did not rightfully belong to Texas.
There was no question, nor bad there ever been,
about any of the boundaries of Texas, except the
western; and both Texas and the United States
thus, in the act of their Union, concurred in de-
claring it to have no certain or fixed location, and
in giving jurisdiction over the question exclusively
to the Government of the United States. This
cognizance over the subject would have resulted
necessarily from annexation, but it was expressly
stipulated to advertise Texas, Mexico, and the
world that the settlement of the difficultie>s of this
western boundary were not to be precipitated by
any act of Texas, but were to be adjusted by the
treaty-making power of the United States. No
sound mind, after a careful investigation of the
subject, can doubt of the truth of the proposition
that the eastern margin of the Rio Grande, begin-
ning at the Mexican port of Santiago, and running
above the city of Taos, was not l(properly included
within" and did not "rightfully belong to the repub-
lic of Texas." The only and true question of
doubt is whether Corpus Christi and the western
section of the valley of the Nueces, upon this
fundamental principle, were to be considered as
part of the Texas admitted as one of the States
into the American Union, until it should be so de-
cided by negotiation between Mexico and the
United States. The extreme of discretionary
power which Mr. Polk could properly exercise
was to order our army to take post at Corpus
Christi as the most western Texan settlement, and
it is very questionable whether that does not vio-
late the meaning and spirit of the terms of annex-
ation. If Mexico had been disposed to acquiesce
in the annexation of Texas, she might have re-
sorted to the limitations contained in our resolu-
tions, and might have raised a strong doubt as to
Corpus Christi, and with unanswerable reason she
