1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10?
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
could have urged that such doubt was not to be
solved by the sword of our President, but by a
treaty of amity and boundaries between the two
countries.
But this identical question was made during the
pendency of our proposition of annexation, and
whilst it was under grave consideration by the
Government of Texas. In the letter of Mr. Allen,
acting Secretary of State of Texas, to Mr. Donel-
son, our diplomatic agent to that government,
dated 26th June, 1845, after having adverted to the
probable consummation of the measure, and the
pledge of our President to protect Texas by post-
ing our army within her borders so soon as this
became manifest, Mr. Allen added: "Under such
circumstances, the undersigned would suggest to
Mr. Donelson the propriety and necessity of an im-
mediate introduction of the troops referred to, and
that they proceed at once to occupy positions on the Rio
Gixande," &c. Mr. Donelson answered this letter
like a man of sense, disposed to keep both himself
and his country within the limits of good faith
and duty. In and by way of reply to Mr. Allen,
he introduced several passages of a letter which,
by Mr. Polk's instructions, he had written to Gen-
eral Taylor, and among them are these:
"I would by no means be understood a^ advising >ou to
take an offensive attitude in regard to Mexico without fur-
ther orders fiorn the Government ot the United States. The
probability is, if Mexico undertakes an invasion, that she will
attempt to duve you from the points sutrge&ted for your occu-
pation. In that event, your udit of defenec will of course
authorize you to onppie and destroy the Mexican army in
the b^st way you can. But it should b« distinctly under-
stood that j'our action will be strictly defensive,and aimed at
the protection of the rights ofTexas."
"The occupation of the country between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, you are aware, is a disputed question.
Texas holds Corpus Christi; Mexico holds the Brasos de
Santiago, near the mouth of the Rio Grande. The threat-
ened invasion, however, of Texas is founded upon the as-
sumption that she ha* no territory independent of Mexico."
"You can safely hold possession of Corpus Christi and all
other points up the Nueces; and, if Mexico attempts to dis-
lodge you, drive her beyond the Rio Grande."
Mr. Donelson writes to Mr. Buchanan on the
Uth of July, 1845, and transmits copies of the let-
ters between the Texan Secretary of State and
himself. In justification of his refusal to direct
General Taylor to take post on the Rio Grande, he
says, in his letter to Mr. Buchanan:
"The joint resolution of our Congress left the question
[of limits'between Texas and Mexico] an open one."
" I have been far from admitting that the claim of Texas
to the Rio Grande ought not to be maintained. This was
not the question. It was whether, under the circumstances,
we should take a position to make ivar for this claim, in the
face of an acknowledgment on the part of this Government
(Texas^ that it could be settled by negotiation. I at once
decided ve could take no such position, but should regard
only as within the limits of our protection, that portion of ter-
'riltry actually possessed by Texas, and which she did not con-
sider a subject of negotiation." "What the Executive of
Texas had determined not to fight for, but to settle by nego-
tiation, to say the least of it, could as well be left to the
United States upon the same condition."
This question of posting our army upon the Rio
Grande was thus early and formally made by the
Government of Texas to ours, during the pendency
of annexation, and before it had even been con-
sidered by the Congress of Texas. Our Govern-
ment then decided against it, and Texas is told
explicitly that if the union takes place, the Ameri-
can army will not be posted on the Rio Grande,
and the uttermost western positions that it will
occupy will be along and upon the Nueces. For
this decision, the most valid and cogent reasons are
given. 1. The terms of the resolutions of annexa-
tion do not permit a military occupancy of the Rio
Grande, as the question of boundary was left an
open one. 2. The United States were only bound
to defend such territory as was actually possessed by
Texas, and 44 Corpus Christi was the most western
settlement of Texas." 3. The Government of
Texas itself had previously decided that this was
•a question to be settled with Mexico, not by the
sword, but by negotiation. 4. Texas herself had
refused to fight for the country upon the Rio
Grande, and it did not become the United States
to make war to obtain that for which Texas her-
self would not draw the sword. 5. The marching
of our army to the Rio Grande, which was occu-
pied exclusively by the Mexicans, would be an act
of ioar, or woxdd lead necessarily to ivar. This de-
cision was wise, and so proper and just that Texas
herself acquiesced in it. She then went on and
consummated annexation, upon the tacit condition
that the United States were to make no military
demonstrations west of the valley of the Nueces,
unless Mexico should there attack our army. It
was an evil hour when Mr. Polk reversed this
moderate and peaceful position, which he had
taken against the importunity of Texas, and d irect-
ed Taylor to move his army to the Rio Grande;
and what mind can foresee all the deplorable mis-
chiefs that are to result from it? He had his mo-
tives for this change, which will appear palpably
enough as we progress with this examination; but
what becomes of his most reckless assertion, that
Texas, as extending to the Rio Grande, including
the bigger half of New Mexico, and her capital,
Santa Fe, was admitted as a State into our Union?
Connected with this part of the subject is another
gross misstatement of the message, in these words:
"Before the annexation of Texas to the United
4 States was consummated, Mexico herself, by a
* formal act of her Government, had acknowledged
4 the independence of Texas as a nation." " It is
4 true, it was upon a condition which Mexico had
4 no authority to prescribe, and which detracted
4 nothing from the recognition." There are two
modes of uttering an untruth: first, by misstating
the fact; secondly, by stating the truth in such
form as to produce a false impiession. Let us see
if in this point Mr. Polk is not justly chargeable
in one or both modes. The recognition of the in-
dependence of Texas by Mexico is stated as one
fact; the prescription by Mexico of a void condi-
tion (that Texas should not annex herself or be-
come subject to any country whatever) is another
fact; and the mode of statement makes the impres-
sion that these things emanated from Mexico.
Congress passe'd the resolutions of annexation in
February, 1845; on the 29th day of March follow-
ing, the Government of Texas itself, thinking then
•svas an auspicious time to propose to Mexico a
recognition of her independence, drew up " Con-
ditions preliminary to a treaty of peace between
Mexico and Texas," in these words:
" 1. Mexico consents to acknowledge the independence
of Texas.
"2. Texas engages that ^he will stipulate in the treaty
not to annex herself, or becomc subject to any country
whatever.
<k3. Limits and other conditions to be matters of arrange-
ment in the final treaty.
" 4. Texas will be willing to remit disputed points, respect-
ing territory and other matters, to the arbitration of um-
pires."
The Government of Texas itself applied to the
Ministers of France and England respectively, and
procured them to interpose between it and the
Government of Mexico, and to propose for Texas
those her own articles, preliminary to a definitive
treaty, to Mexico. The Secretary of State for
Mexico, after the overture of Texas was submitted
to the Congress of Mexico, returned for answer:
44 The Government is authorized to hear the prop-
4 ositions which Texas has made, and to proceed
4 to the arrangement or celebration of the treaty
4 that may be fit and honorable to the republic, :
4 giving an account to Congress for its examination j
4 and approval." Mexico appended an additional i
declaration, in these words: " It is understood that, '
4 besides ttie four preliminary articles proposed by :
4 Texas, there are other essential and important j
4 points which ought also to be included in the i
4 negotiation; and that if this negotiation is not i
4 realized on account of circumstances, or because |
4 Texas, influenced by the law passed in the Uni- J
4 ted States on annexation, should consent thereto, '
4 either directly or indirectly, then the answer
4 which under this date is given Texas, by the
4 undersigned Minister of Foreign Affairs, shall be
4 considered as null and void." The President of
Texas submitted these conditions preliminary to a
treaty, and which were to form its basis, to her
Senate, and they were rejected by that body. The
true state of fact about this matter is incompatible,
in several material points, with the statement of it
bv the President. 1. The overture was not by
Mexico but by Texas herself. 2. There was no
recognition whatever by Mexico of the indepen-
dence of Texas. The latter Power herself pro-
posed certain fundamental conditions, upon which
a treaty of recognition should be negotiated; to
which Mexico added others, and required that
before such treaty took effect,-it should be sub-
mitted to her ''Congress for its examination and
approval" 3. That the condition which the Presi-
dent treats as a nullity, and which it was proposed
to attach to the treaty of recognition, was prescri-
bed, not by Mexico, but by Texas upon herself.
The negotiation of this treaty was not entered
upon, because, after the Government of Texas
itself had proffered to Mexico the basis of it, her
Senate rejected that basis. But, whilst it was in
suspense, the President of Texas,put an end to
hostilities by the promulgation of a formal procla-
mation, in which there is this passage: " And
* pending the said action, by virtue of the authority
4 in me vested, I do hereby declare and proclaim a
4 cessation of hostilities, by land and by sea, against
4 the republic of Mexico, or against the citizens
4 and trade thereof." It was to these proceedings
that Mr. Donelson referred, when he said that the
United States 44 should not take aposition to make
4 war for this claim (to the Rio Grande) in the
4 face of an acknowledgment on the part of this
4 Government (Texas) that it could be settled by
4 negotiation;"and " what the Executive of Texas
4 had determined not to fight for, but to settle by
4 negotiation, to say the least of it, could as we'll
4 be left to the United States upon the same condi-
' tion." Mr. Donelson gave no more than aproper
effect to an act of the Government of Texas which
closed hostilities between the two countries, and
left Mexico in the peaceable occupation of all the
country upon the Rio Grande.
Mr. Polk in his message approaches the main
question in all this business, and says:
"But Mexico herself has never placed the war which she
has touted upon the giound that our army occupied the In-
termediate territory between the Nueces and the RioGrancfe.
Her refuted pretension that Texas was not in faet an inde-
pendent State, but a lebelhous province, was obstinately
persevered in; and her avowed purpose in commencing a
war with the United States was to reconquer Texas, and to
restore Mexican authority over the whole territorv—not to
the Nueces only, but to the Sabine."
The President here boldly and distinctly takes
three grounds:
1. The war was begun by Mexico. 2. The
march of General Taylor's army, by his orders, to
the Rio Grande was not the cause of the war. 3.
The war was commenced by Mexico to conquer
the whole of Texas up to the Sabine.
Let us see how these positions will stand the
test of examination and truth.
It has been shown that Mexico had acceded, by
superadding other conditions, to the preliminary
terms proposed to her by Texas for the negotiation
of a treaty of limits, amity, and recognition of her
[ independence. This was i>omezohatAncon$i$tent with
j a 44 purpose to restore Mexican authority over the
i whole territory—not to the Nueces only, but to the
Sahine.,, Mr. Pena y Pefia, the Mexican Minister
of Foreign Affaits, wrote to Mr. Black, our consul,
on the 3ist of October. 1845, thus:
" The Government of Mexico has riven its orders for the
purpose of wjieA?. for the present, any act of hostility
against the United States, and limits itself'to the defensive,
awaiting the issue of the negotiation proposed bv the Gov-
ernment of the United States through the consul," &e.
Does this manifest a purpose to conquer all Texas
to the Sabine? But Mr. Polk's prevarication in-
volves him in a labyrinth of contradiction; and in
the next paragraph to the one from which I have
last quoted, he asserts:
44 Oui aimv had occupied a position at Corpus Christi,
wp4 of the Nitece-;, as early as August. 1815, without com-
plaint from any quarter. Had the Nueces been regarded as
the true western boundary of Texas, that boundary had been
p«sscd bu our armu manv -months before it advanced to the
eastern bank of the Rio Giande."
In the summer of 1845, General Taylor was or-
dered by Mr. Polk to take po^t with his army at
Corpus Christi; and his despatch of the 15th of
August to the "War Department informed Mr. Polk
that he was in possession of that point. Mr. Don-
elson had told the President that this was the most
western settlement of Texas, and had said dis-
tinctly to, and tacitly agreed with, the Government
of Texas, before annexation took place, that it was
as near the Rio Grande as the American army
would or could he posted. The ceffis of the gallant
: Taylor, there displayed to the Mexican on the
1 uttermOvSt confines of Texas, gave protection and
security to ail her inhabitants. He had been there
! for seven long months, covering every foot of
1 Texas, and, so far from the Mexicans having
; evinced any intention to drive him from his posi-
i tion, and to reconquer Texas to the Sabine, Mr.
: Polk informs us that this occupation by 44 Old
i Rough and Ready" was " without complaint from
' any quarter.1' To all this there is evidence of the
