1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. ot? Reps.
gentleman from the same State on this floor, not to
be outdone by his worthy coadjutor at home, ex-
claims in this debate, James K. Polk is not a Her-
cules, but fetch up all the opposition to him, and
throw it all bodily into the arena with him, and he
will be found an overmatch for the whole of it.
What images of prowess those gentlemen awaken
in the mind to enable it to find parallels for James
Ii. Polk, the conquering hero of Duck river! Alex-
ander the Great! Timour the Tartar! Jack Fal-
stafF! Tom Thumb!
It is apparent from the correspondence of Mr.
Donelson with the State Department, and other
proofs, that it was expected and desired by the
Administration that Mexico would act upon her
declaration before annexation to consider this
measure casus belli; and upon the occupation ofjj
Texas, and particularly Corpus Christi, by the j.
American army, that the Mexicans would invade b
Texas and bring- on the war. In the first order to !|
General Taylor are these passages: j!
You will forthwith make a forward movement with the ! I
troo[)i uruler your command, and advance to tilt; mouth of j!
tlnj SibiiK', or tosui'h othei point on liie Gulfot Mexico, or \\
its navigable waters, as in jour judgment may be; mo>t con- ij
venient for nn embarcdijn at the 'proper time for the western ! j
fio.Uier of Tex.is.,} " The -punt of y>ur ultimate destination \ j
i° the ■lwtern fr jntier of Texas, vviiere you will t-dect and
occupy, oa oi near the Itio Gr.tncie ikJ Norte, such a <-ite as j i
will oon.-ist with the health of the troop-*, and will be best j
aii ipt -d to lep •! mva-aou, and to protect what, ni the event j,
of annexation, will ho om ive-Ufin boidwr. You will limit ;;
yo itj-ftlf lo the defence of Te.\ns, unless Mexico should de-
claim war against the United States."
General Taylor, under direction of the Govern-
ment, acting by Mr. Donelson, did not, however,
take post on the Rio Grande, but by express orders
occupied Corpus Christi. The first order, dated
August 25, 1845, contains this passage:
11 Should Mexico assemble a l<t.rt>c a> my on the JRio Grande,
and cross it uith a considerable f)rce. such a movement must
be regarded as an invasion oj the United States and the com-
mencement of hostilities. srou will, of course, use ail author-
ily which ha« heen or maj t)p given to you to prevent &ncli
?i state of things. Texas must be protected from invasion,
and for that purpose you will ot course emploj to the utmost
extent all the mt-ans you possess or can command.
On the 30th of August, the Department wrote
General Taylor: !j
" You have been advised that the a^embling of a large j j
Mexican army on the hordeis of Terav, and nossinz the Ilio !
Grande with a considerable toice, will be regirded by the j
Executive here as an invasion of the United States and the |
commencement of hostilities. Jin attempt to cross tkatrirer |
wtk such a force will be considered in the same '
" In case of war, either declined or made manifest bv hos- 1
tile acts, your main object will be the protection of Texas ; j
but the pur.-mt or" this object will not necessarily confine \
your action tvithin the territory of Texas. Mexico having
Thus commenced hostilities you may in your diseietion,
should you have ?uHieient force, and bo in a condition to do
so, cross the Kio Grande, disperse or capture the forces a<sr?n-
Rio Grande and Upper California, or to wage war .
against her with a view to conquests. He sent |
Mr. Slidell to negotiate, and Mexico was willing !
to receive him as a commissioner to treat of the i
settlement of the Texan question, but not as envoy j
with full powers; to which Mr. Polk would not j
consent. For a nation to refuse absolutely and i
unconditionally to receive a minister from another
is not cause of war. This refusal of Mexico to
receive Mr. Slidell with full powers, with other
causes, might or might not have been sufficient
ground for war; but the decision of that question
"did not belong to President Polk. It was for Con-
gress only, and Congress was then in session; but
Mr. Polk would not refer the question to it. Mr.
Buchanan in a letter to Mr. Slidell says:
" Oa your leturn to the United States, energetic measures
a aiui«t Mexico would at once be recommended by the
Pr.jsid-nt, and thes.o might fail to obtain the s-upport of Con-
gi esh, if it eonld be asserted that the evicting Government
had not lofiued to leceive our minister." <• It would be
difficult on .such a presumption, in repaid to so feeble and
distracted a country as Mexico, to wm^(y the Ainerit an
people that all had been done which ought to have been
done to avoid ihe necessity ol resorting to hostilities.^
In his letter of 1st March, 1846, to the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, under Paredes, Mr. Slidell
threatens war if he is not received as a minister
with full powers, and adds: " He (President Polk)
' is sincerely desirous to preserve that peace; but
' that the state of quasi war which now exists on the
' part of Mexico is one which is incompatible with
' the dignity a)id interests of the United States, and it
i is for the Mexican Government to decide whether
4 it shall give place to friendly negotiation or lead to
' an open rupture." As some evidence, in his at-
tempt to shield himself, that the war was begun
by Mexico, Mr. Polk says in his message: " It
'appears, also, that on the 4th of April following,
' General Paredes, through his Minister of War,
( issued orders to the Mexican general m command
' of the Texan frontier to attack our army by every
{ means which war permits." Why, sir, this order
was e;iven more than a month after Mr.Slidell had
' have sufficient force, and be in a condition to- do
* so, cross the Rio Grande, disperse or capture the forces
i assembling to invade Texas, defeat the junction of
* troops uniting for that purpose, drive them from their
i positions on either side of the river, and, if deemed
* practicable and expedient, take and hold possession of
i Matamoros, and other places in the country." Ail
this President Polk orders General Taylor to do on
the mere attempt of a considerable body of Mexi*
can forces, (five hundred or one thousand, I sup-
pose,) fo pass from one of her towns west to another
east of the Rio Grande: for such an act (says he)
would be "an invasion of the United States, and
the commencement of hostilities," although he
neither requires nor inquires for any evidence of
such "a purpose. Pie here orders into terrible ac-
tion, of his own sovereign will, in all its forms, the
war-power of the Government. Still he and his
parasites deny that the march of the American
army from Corpus Christi, one hundred and fifty
miles into the Mexican territory, with all its ac-
companiments, were acts of hostility against Mexi-
co. An American army of three thousand may
assemble and cncamp for seven months on the very
borders of Mexico, and, after waiting in vain so
long for a fioht, to get it certainly, strike that deep
into her territory, overthrow her laws and expel
her officers, break up her custom-house, blockade
her port, and besiege her town, and it is not war!
Butif Mexico attempts only to pass a body of troops
from her own town on one side of the Rio Grande
to another on the opposite bank, according to Mr.
Polk's code of ethics and national law, it is the
commencement of hostilities, and an invasion of
the United States! How a little brief power does
corrupt the heart and pervert the mind of man I It
is difficult to determine whether Mr. Polk was
most aggressive upon the Constitution of his own
j country, the territory of Mexico, or international
i But the message says, in justification of Mr.
i Polk'seonduct, that Mexico iiad insultingly reject-
ed a minister sent to her on a mission of peace,
him, not only as a commissioner to settle th
an question but all others, or Mr. Polk would visit
it with war. This order was not given by the War
Minister of Mexico until long aAer that Govern-
ment, on the 12th of March, 1846, had said to Mr.
Slidell, "TheMexican Government, preparinjyfor
{ war, should circumstances require it, will keep
' alive its faltering hope that peace will not be dis-
< turhed on the neto continent&c.; nor until Gen-
eral Taylor had broken up his camp for a month
j at Corpus Christi, and had been encamped six
tlavs at Matamoros. Distrusting Congress and de-
 , K.I >Jt!t HIV.  l" <-■ ■ UVi.i.'..      --- , V,VV . f-v 11 ® 1 1 ■*- !•
blmg to invade Texas, defeat the junction al tioops uniting ij tenriined on the war, Mr. Polk crossed the Rubi-
said to the Government of Mexico it must rcceive j dnd whom she had solemnly agreed to receive.
ie Tex- i Neither is 1 his statement true as it is made. The
for that purpose, drive them from their position on either side
of the river, and, if deemed practicable and expedient, take
<i,a hold possession of Matamoros and other places in the
country.
Active hostilities not yet having broken out, find
the Mexicans still remaining perfectly quiet, the
prospect of a brush to be begun by them, was so
unpromising that Mr. Polk thought he would pro-
voke it a little further. In the order dated j6th
October, 1845, he said to Genera! Taylor: " You
' will approach as near the western boundary of
* Texas, the Rio Grande, as circumstances will per-
' nut," &c. " Upon all the points above-enumer-
' ated, and others not suggested, your reports and j
' views in full are desired, not only with reference ;
' to the continuance of the present aspect of affairs
' between the United Statesand Mexico, but in the
* contingency of your selecting, or beiri^ directed to
* take position on the banks of the Kio Grande,
'near its mouth, or places above." The Mexi- j
cans still would not strike, and (VIr. Polk invests !
General Taylor with a vaene discretion to occupy \
the Rio Grande. It was his purpose, if the move- |
ment was made and proved fortunate, to reap all
the credit; but, if disastrous, to throw the whole
cou and made it himself. His fiat went forth in
the order of the 13th of January last, the American
army invaded the Mexican territory, and another
war-making power has demonstrated itself in our
system, which is sufficiently formidable to awake
a Henry from his tomb.
ButMr. Polk and his apologists still affect to deny
that the march and encampment of the American
army to the Rio Grande, and its armed surveillance
and blockade of Matamoros, was an act of war.
Every man's common sense will refute such a po-
sition; but let us examine it by Mr. Polk's own
exposition of war. Mexico held possession of
Santiago, Laredo, and Dolores, on the lower Rio
Grande, to say nothing; of Santa Fe, and her many
other towns above, all on the eastern side of the
river. In his order to General Taylor of 25th Au-
gust, 1845, Mr. Polk says: "Should the Mexicans
' Grande, and cross it with a considerable force, |
' such a movement must be regarded as an invasion
j 4 of the United States, and the commencement of hos- I
4 tilities." In the order of the 30th August he re- ;
ine creuiL- i.  *     ' peats the same, and adds: "Jin attempt to cross j
blame upo'n the rash soldier who marched without j! ' that river with such a force will be considered in j
orders. Genera] Taylor would not fall into his ji ' the same liffht.'' I
trap, and Mr. Polk grew impatient. In his mes-J How he ^pushes his previously unwarrantable
sage of 2d December, 1845, he says: "After our j! position ' " " -- -   "
oveiture of our Government to Mexico was to re-
ceive a minister with full powers to treat of all ques-
tions. The Mexican minister returned: "In an-
' swer, I have to say to you, that although the
'Mexican nation is deeply injured by the United
' States through the acts committed by them in the
' department of Texas, which belongs to this na-
• tion, my Government is disposed to receive the
' commissioner of the United States who may come
' to this capital with full powers to settle the present
' dispute in a peaceful, reasonable, anil honorable
' manner." This is an extract of a letter dated 13th
October, 1845, from Peiia y Peiia to our consul;
and in another letter of the 31st same month, he
says: "Although this is not to be understood, in
' any way, as an intimation of the reopening of the
' friendly relations at present interrupted between
' Mexico and the United States, I find," &c. Mr.
Slidell applied repeatedly to be received as minister
plenipotentiary and envoy extraordinary, by Mex-
ico; she refused him steadily in that character, but
always expressed her readiness to recognise hirn
as a commissioner to treat for the settlement of the
Texas qnpstion. Mexico insisted that annexation
had produced the suspension of friene'ly diplomatic
relations between the two countries, and that this
ground of misundeistandingmustbe explained and
adjusted before she received a minister to settle
, otiier questions. Mexico did not agree to receive
a minister for any Other purpose, and she did not
''assemble' a large body of troops on the Rio I] at any time refuse to receive such an one. In this
'' " " she was wrong, and she had done us much wrong
before, and is our perfidious enemy; still, when the
I Chief Magistrate was giving a history of this point,
[ it was befitting that he should state it truly. Mr.
\ Polk says: "Before these orders (to General Tay-
| 'lor to march to the Rio Grande) were issued, the
j 'despatch of our minister in Mexico, transmitting
i ' the decision oftheeivil Government, advising that
If Mexico assembles any large force on ;j 'he should not be received, and also the despatch
! army and navy had remained on the frontier and
' coasts of""
' tile movem
' continued
> put an end
the Rio Grande, and crosses, or even attempts toil 1 of our consul, residing in the city of Mexico, the
' UUV Cltl ceiu tin© suue t i umiga. -*-11 I,     ,, - . I
then come distinctly to the purpose to force Mexi- ; j ordered by Mr. Polk to act accordingly. Arid how j
co to treat, and cede all her territory east of the 1 > to act ? The same order directs him: Should you 1
ico continued willing to receive Mr. Slidell as min-
ister to adjust the Texas question; Mr._Polfc still
