112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 15,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Leake.
Ho. of Reps.
exponent of their views. The question of the.gen-
tleman> however, brings me immediately to the
point to which 1 wish to draw the attention of the
House, viz: the Missouri compromise.
*Mr. Speaker, I am heartily sick of "compro-
mises." After the events of to-day, 1 have no
faith ill them. Twice has the South compromised,
and as often has she been made the victim of the
broken faith and violated pledges of the other par-
ties to these "treaties of amity and concord."
We compromised on the tariff question; but no
sooner did power pass out of our hands, than that
compromise was trampled under foot by the INorth,
and supplanted by a more oppressive measure than
that which it had superseded. We compromised
on the slavery question in 1820. That measure
was the work of many of the fathers of the Re-
public—men whose history was contemporaneous
with that of the Constitution, and whose devotion
to the honor and interests of the Confederacy, in
all its sections, was equalled only by their patriotic
sacrifices in the cause of liberty in its first struggle
into life. It was regarded, then and subsequently,
.as the definitive and final settlement of a question
whose agitation they (its authors) well knew
would endanger the peace, if not the permanency,
of the Union. . .
The South has faithfully adhered to this defini-
tive tieaty of pcace between the different sections
of the Union. Never has she violated, or attempt-
ed to violate, either its letter or its spirit. Under
all circumstances has she continued faithfully to
execute it; and has constantly evinced, by the
action of her representatives on this floor, her stern
determination not to disturb the only basis upon
which this exciting anil dangerous question can
peacefully rest. And how, Mr. Speaker, has this
spirit been met by the North? Why, sir, by in-
cessant agitation of the very subject-matter wttic.li
had been intended to be put forever at rest by the
compromise; by reiterated assaults upon the peace
and honor,as well as the institutions and interests,
of the South; and finally, byadeliberate repudia-
tion, m terms, of the Missouri compromise, and a
solemn annunciation, in effect, that hereafter no
other law than might, no other rule than the un-
bridled will of the majority, are to govern the
legislation of the Union upon this delicate and most
dangerous topic. The House has, to-day, delib-
erately rejected the proposition of the gentleman
from South Carolina, reaffirming the compromise
of 1820. Gentlemen from the North and North-
west have, by this vote, as 1 conceive, solemnly
announced their determination to admit no new
States, whether south or north of 36° 30' north
latitude, in which slavery shall be tolerated; and
liave thus declared war upon an institution which
is made the subject of peculiar guarantee and pro-
tection by the'Constitution, and which, permit
me to say, we will defend with our lives, if it shall
be necessary.-.
Mr. McCLERNAND here entreated Mr. L. to
yield him the floor for an explanation.
Mr. L12AK12 said he would do so with cheer-
fulness.
Mr. McCLERNAND then said, that m casting
his vote this morning against the amendment which
had been thrust upon the House by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] he did not wish
to be understood as voting against any compromise
that could be effected; but because he was against
the agitation of this question of slavery now, in any
form or for any purpose. He had, on the same
principle, voted last session against what was called
the Wilmot proviso. He had no other view in
voting against the one than against the other.
Mr. BURT here wished to say to the gentleman
from Illinois who had just taken his seat, that he
had not, in this case, judged with his usual discre-
tion and moderation, in saying that the amendment
Mr. B. had had the honor to propose was "thrust
upon the House." The gentleman knew Mr. B.
and Mr. B. knew him. The gentleman knew the
respect Mr. B. entertained for him, and he believed
that gentleman entertained the like feeling toward
himself, but he begged the gentleman to remember
the circumstances. The section in the bill to which
he was desirous of adding his amendment, had
been placed there by other hands than his. What
lie wanted was some ground to stand upon—some
implied declaration, at least, by the House, that
the Missouri compromise still obtained. He had
offered his amendment that he might give the
West, and the South too, some ground to stand
upon.
Mr. WICK, of Indiana, here also requested
leave to explain. It might be remembered that
Mr. W. had offered an amendment to the proviso
moved last session by Mr. Wilmot; and he had
acted on the same principle now. He had voted
against the amendment moved by the gentleman
from South Carolina because it was a rider, put
upon a question which, itself, ought not to have
been introduced here; and he had voted against
the Wilmot proviso on the same ground. That
was a rider, and he had offered an amendment to
it purposely as a rider upon a rider, that he might
bring it into disrepute. He was against all riders
brought in here with a view to bear on the question
of slavery—offered, he doubted not, with a very
good intent, but always attended with a very bad
effect.
Mr. KENNEDY, of Indiana, now wanted leave
to say a word.
Mr. LEAKE complained that all these explana-
tions were talten out of his hour; but finally con-
sented to yield the floor if the gentleman would be
short.
Mr. KENNEDY said he would be very short.
He never was more perfectly cool in his life, and
he was happy that the gentleman from Virginia
was so too. But he would now say to that gen-
tleman that he had this morning deliberately voted
for what he meant to carry out, and that was,
never to extend by one single inch the institution
of slavery where the authority of Congress could
prevent it.
Mr. LEAKE. The explanation of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] does not vary
the question in the smallest degree; nor can I per-
ceive the necessity of his making one. His posi-
tion I had not misconceived, and I am sorry to
know that his explanation fully corroborates and
sustains my construction of the vote upon the
amendment of my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Burt.] That vote grows, naturally and in-
evitably, out of the celebrated " Wilmot proviso"
of the last session, which was reintroduced a few
days since by the gentleman from New York,
[Ml-. Piikston Kisrr..] The two arc inseparable,
in principle and effect, and must stand or fall to-
gether. Taken together, they constitute the ulti-
matum of the North—not a mere hasty protocol,
issued during the temporary heat and excitement
engendered by an nngry discussion, but carrying
with it all the sanctions of solemn legislative enact-
ment, in so far, at least, as this House can confer
those sanctions. This, 1 say, sir, is their ultima-
tum; I now call upon gentlemen from the non-
slaveholding sections to hear (hat of the South.
Mr. Sneaker, I wish it distinctly understood,
that I speak for myself alone. I have no authori-
ty other than my position as a Virginian, and my
general knowledge of southern feeling, give me;
but speaking from those impulses common to
southern men, I feel that I touch a chord that must
thrill through every southern bosom, without dis-
tinction of party, both within and without these
walls. I tell gentlemen from the North, then, that
whenever they shall have ingrafted the principle
of the Wilmot proviso upon the legislation of this
Government, as a part of its permanent policy,
they will have put the South to the exercise of
those reserved rights guarantied by the Constitu-
tion, and which have not been, and shall not be,
wrested from us. We cannot, we will not, we
ought not, to submit to it. You will have put us
upon the defensive, and we will defend! For the
fraternal bond that has hitherto connected us, you
will have substituted the chain of despotism: we
will sever it. By making us feel the union only
through its oppressions, you will have diiven us
to the necessity of withdrawing from it, in order
to avoid its despotism. By interfering with the
rights of property, you will have driven us to the
necessity of withdrawing it from your grasp.
Sir, I say to gentlemen from the North, upon
your heads be the responsibility. You have the
power of the giant; see to it that you use it wisely
and cautiously! You have thrown this firebrand
into our midst; look that you extinguish it, or
it may kindle a conflagration that water cannot
quench!
Nor, Mr. Speaker, can the South be held re-
sponsible, to any extent whatever, for the conse-
quences of this unfortunate excitement > We act
strictly upon the defensive. If this Union be dis-
solved, it will be by the act of those who violated
the compact upon which it rests.
Sir, I have said that I have looked upon the rapid
advancement of these States, in all that constitutes
a nation's greatness, with confidence and hope. I
have looked forward to the day when all dissen-
sions between the different members of the Con-
federacy would have ceased; and the country, in
the full fruition of the blessings of peace and do-
mestic concord, left to fulfil its high destiny. I
would not dissolve this Union, Mr. Speaker.
Rather, far rather, would I lay down my life upon
its altar, could that preserve it. Sir, it was
achieved by the united efforts, and cemented by
the tears and blood of our common ancestors, by
whom it was bequeathed to us, as a common and
perpetual heritage. Every consideration that can
appeal to the patriot, or arouse the best and purest
aspirations of the philanthropist, forbids its disso-
lution. Even the everlasting mountains, which
" clasp in their giant embrace" the sister States of
the Confederacy, proclaim in the mute yet eloquent
and expressive language of nature, that what God
himself has joined together, let not the petty arts
of a set of "scurvy politicians" put asunder! But,
Mr. Speaker, a more certain mode of destroying it
could not be devised than the one now fallen upon.
Gentlemen may shut their eyes and be wilfully
blind to the consequences, but I solemnly warn
them, that if these propositions arc to become a
part of the permanent policy of this Government,
this Union cannot subsist with it.
I would gladly, Mr. Speaker, have voted for
this bill had its friends given it a shape that would
have enabled me to do so. The rejection of the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina,
however, leaves me no alternative. The bill, as
it now stands, contains a perpetual prohibition of
slavery in Oregon, while the rejection of the amend-
ment shows that that prohibition is not inserted
because of the Missouri compromise, but by virtue
of the absolute, unconditional, and uncontrollable
will of the Congress of the United States. In fact,
the House has decided the compromise to be utterly
null.
Mr. HAMLIN here asked Mr. Leake if the
principle of the Missouri compromise ever extend-
ed to Oregon ? How was it possible fpr us to have
run the line of 36° 30' through & foreign country ?
Mr. LEAKE. Why, Mr. Speaker, the whole
of that territory lies north of 36° 30', as the gen-
tleman from Maine, in the course of the very pro-
found investigations into this subject which he
seems to have made, may have discovered. But
I am told by the gentleman that Oregon was & for-
eign country at the date of the Missouri compro-
mise. And pray, sir, when did the gentleman
make this discovery? At the last session he was
an ultra 54° 40' man, and was one of those who
believed that " our title to the whole of Oregon
was clear and unquestionable!" The gentleman
then contended that we derived title from France
and Spain by the treaties of 1803 and 1818, long
before the Missouri compromise. uVoto, however,
it suits his purpose to call it a "foreign country,"
to which neither the letter nor the spirit of that
compromise could have extended. To a large por-
tion of the territory our title has never been denied:
I allude to that part south of the Columbia river,
in latitude about 46 degrees north. This portion
(between parallels 42 and 46) has been in our
uninterrupted possession since the peace of 1815,
by which Astoria was surrendered to the United
States. It was, of course, in our possession in
1820, and it will not now do to say that it was
" foreign territory,and therefore not included in
the terms of the Missouri compromise.
But, Mr. Speaker, admitting it to have been for-
eign territory, the argument is scarcely weakened.
It must be remembered, sir, that the compromise
was in relation to all territory of the United States
generally; and specifically m regard to the territory
which had lately been foreign. Louisiana (of
which both Missouri and Oregon were parts) had
been acquired by purchase from France, as every-
body knows. It was doubtless this acquisition of
foreign territory that engendered fears and heart-
burnings amongst our northern friends. It cannot
be denied that this dispute between the slave and
