114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr, Barkley Martin,
Ho. of Reps.
dent." So says my colleague. He represents the
President as nothing more nor less than a usurper
since the commencement of this war. I call the
particular attention of the committee to the lan-
guage of my colleague in his recent speech on this
floor, in order to refer them more explicitly to his
course during the last session of Congress. My
colleague says this is a Presidential war. He j
affirms that it was begun by the President; and i
that, during Us continuance, the President has been ,
nothing but a tyrant. This is a grave charge, j
Let us carefully examine it. Sir, would it not ;
appear strange, indeed, if, in the course of my \
remarks, i should prove that my colleague lias, in j
the most solemn maimer, endorsed the lie which >
he has attempted to fasten on the President? In ;
the message of the President of May last, he says: |
"As war exists, and, notwithstanding all our i
* efforts to avoid it, exists by the act of Mexico j
4 herself, we are called upon by every considera- j
(tion of duty and patriotism to vindicate with de- ■
' cision the honor, the rights, and the interests of
' our country.'1 Now let me call your particular
attention to the following item, which I find record-
ed in the journals of this House of last session, >
which is the preamble to the bill, almost in the very
words of the President. It reads: "Whereas by the |
* act of the republic of Mexico, a state of war exists i
* between that Government and the United States." }
Mark, Mr. Chairman, here is the declaration of the
President that "war exists by the act of Mexico,"
reiterated in the most explicit tcims. _ Yet a few
days ago mycolle gue9 [Mr. GrvritY,] in his place,
declared that the war exists by the act of the Presi-
dent of the United States—that it was begun hy
the President, and that it has been carried on by
the President. Now, by reference to tins journal,
I find it declared that " wnrexistu by the act of the
republic of Mexico,'1 and not by the act of the
American Government. Now i ask, are we not
here clearly at issue ? is not the declaration of my
colleague made a few days ago directly in conflict
with this declaration in the journal ? I find, sir, fur-
ther, that amongst the yeas who voted on the pas-
sage of the bill declaring that war existed by the
act of the republic of Mexico, side hy side with
the six democrats from the State of Tennessee—
and, Mr. Reporter, set it down in capitals, so that
it may go to Tennessee with all the prominence that
typography can give it—1 find the name of Mekk-
pitr'P. Gentr? ! Now I will not do my colleague
the injustice to suppose that lie would knowingly
endorse a he moially, politically, or hcnpturully.
But I will say, that his solemn declaration of last i
session, registered on the recoids of this Mouse, !
was a true declaration—it was founded in fact—it 1
was based upon the history of the times—it was [
sustained, and it will be sustained, by Tennessee. \
Again, for the sake of argument, let us admit ;
that Mr. Polk has lied: let me ask, who are his ;
endorsers? I have been taught to believe that he !
who lies is guilty of a great oll'ence, and that he ;
who publishes that lie to the world, is still moie !
culpable. Mr. Polk, then, it is said, has lied in !
this—that he has declared the war was begun hy >
Mexico. But at the last session of the legislature i
my colleague, under the solemn obligation of an \
oath, came forward and endorsed that lie, and pub- !
lished it to the American people I Consistency, j
Oh 1 consistency! what a jewel thou art! But,m i
the eyes of my colleague, it would seem thou art 1
but the unshapely and opaque mass which the ig-
norant would cast aside as a worthless pebble ! T
recollect well the feelings and emotions of my
bosom when the vote was to be taken. I had just
heard the patriotic speech of my young colleague
before me, [Mr. Cooke.] It thrilled my bosom
with delight. 1 had looked across to my other col-
leagues, and my eye was fastened on my colleague
from the western district, and 1 knew that he coiild
not vote that this war was by an act of the Presi-
dent; for 1 recollect well when all hearts were de-
sponding in this Hall, and when we lost all hope of
the annexation of Texas, Tennessee still, by her
repiesentdtive, [Mr. M.vBrowx,] came forward
and introduced his resolution. It was taken up
and adopted, and sent to the Senate. Now mark
that act of war of Mexico. I say that I had no
apprehension as to the vote of my colleague from
the western district, [Mr. Brows;] but when my
colleague from Rutherford county district [Mr.
Gentry] was called, I leaned forward aud anxious-
ly listened. I asked, " Shall we stand alone—seven
or eight ?" And when the name of Meredith P.
Gentry was callcd, and I heard that shrill, clarion
voice pronounce the word ay'1—I reflected with
a proud emotion that Tennessee presented on this
floor a united fiont in support of this war. But
alas! a few short months pass away; the sun
arose yesterday and was yet at the meridian when
the same representative, so bold and daring when
the sound of war was first heard throughout the
land, like a true Tennesseean, joined his voice in
the patriotic shout of "ay," is now found an advo-
cate of a policy that tends to weaken the arm of
defence of this Government and strengthen that of
the enemy.
But, Mr. Chairman, my colleague has attempted
to excuse or explain the reasons for voting for the
bill recognising the existence of the war by the act
of Mcxico. But I will admit the plausibility of his
ingenious defence, that it was to extricate and
save a brave army. Mr. Chairman, let us examine
more particularly into the history of this law that
we have just considered, for the reference made to
the Journal showing the vote of my colleague has
been upon the final passage of the bill, as it now
stands upon the statute book. Perhaps, in this
investigation, we shall be able to find a previous
endorsement of Mr. Polk's falsehood; perhaps we
shall find that the gentleman from Tennessee (my
colleague) had some agency in the perfection of
bill No. 145, that shows a partiality for the first
sftction of the law, to the original first section of
the bill, as reported by the Military Committee to
the House.
In this investigation, it is important that we in-
quire wh.it were (he features of the bill in the sec-
tion stricken out, and how the section came to be
stricken out.
Mr. Chairman, the provisions of this fust sec-
tion that was to he stricken out, to make way for
the preamble and first section of the law as it now
stands upon the statute book, are: 1st. The Presi-
dent is authorized to resist any attempt that has
been, or hereafter shall be made, on the part of
any nation, to exclusive jurisdiction over any part
of the territory of the United States, or any terri-
tory in dispute between the United States and any
foreign Government; as well as also to sustain the
lights of the United Slates to, and to repel inva-
sion upon, the said territory. 2d. To do this, Con-
gress authoiizfs him (the President) to employ the
na^al aud nuhluiy lore* s, and such portions of the
militia as he may deem advisable. Why strike
out this first section? It may be said that it was
intended for the territory of Oregon in dispute at
the commencement of last session. Was not the
territory west of the Nueces, and ■cast of the Rio
Grande—yes, the whole of Texas west of the
Sabine—in dispute? If this first section was con-
sidered adequate to authorise the President to de-
fend the territory of the United States on the Paci-
fic,—a territory claimed in part by one of the most
powerful Governments on the continent of Europe—
surely it gave ample powers to the President to
resist any attempt that might be made on the part
of Mexico to repossess Texas, or any part of
Texas. In my judgment, the section did not meet
tho case: war existed; it existed by the act of
Mexico; and it, was necessary that it should be so
recognised, that other nations as well as Mexico
might have due notice; and that, in its prosecution,
we should not only defend our disputed territory
by resisting invasion, but carry the war into the
very heart of the enemy's country.
In regard to this u unconstitutional war," let us
refer to the truth-telling Journal, and ascertain by
whose act was the commencement of war as be-
lieved by my colleague on the 11th of May last.
The President says in his message, " as war ex-
1 ists by the art of Mexico herself, we are called
' upon by every consideration of duty and patriot-
' ism to vindicate with decision the honor, the
4 rights, and the interests of our country." (Jour-
nal, page 788.) After the usual form of legislating,
the House went into Committee of the Whole on
the state of theUnion, on the motion of Mr. Har-
alson; and after some time spent therein, Mr. Hop-
kins reported that the committee had had under
consideration particularly bill No. 145, and had
come to no resolution thereon. The House then
decided that all debate on bill No. 145 should cease
, in two hours after being taken up in Committee of
the Whole House. Mr. Brinkerhoff then moved
that the House resolve itself again into Commit-
tee of the Whole; and, after some time spent
therein, the Speaker resumed the chair, and Mr.
Hopkins reported that the committee having had
under consideration particularly bill No. 145, had
directed him to report the said bill to the House
with amendments. Here, sir, let me call the atten-
tion of this committee to the original bill, particu-
larly to the first section of the original bill, which
reads thus:
"A BTLL to authorize the President of the United States
undei certain contingencies therein named, to accept the
services of volunteers, and for other pm poses.
"Sc it enacted by the Senate and House of'Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcncain Qow>reis assembled, That
the Piesident of the United Slates be, and he is Iteiehy,
authorized to r^is-t any at'empt which has been made, or
shall hei after be made, on the part of any foreign nation, to
exclusive jurisdiction over any pait of the territory of the
United States, or any ienitory in dispute between ttie United
States and any foreign Government; as well as also to
tain the rights of the'Uuited States to, and to repel invasion
upon, the said territory; and for this purpose to employ the
naval and military forcos of the United States, and such
portions of the militia as lie inay deem advisable to call into
service."
On motion of Mr. Brinkerhofp,. the previous
question was moved and seconded, and tne main
question was put and sustained, which is as fol-
lows: Strike out all of the first section of the bill ?
and insert the following in lieu thereof. Yes, sir,
inseit what will be more explicit, what will be
clearly understood, " that war exists by the act of
Mexico." Yes, sir, strike out, and insert—
"Whereas bv the act of the icpublie of Mexico, a Ptatff
of war exists between that Government and the United
State.-."
Then follows the fust section, in the following
words:
" Be it enacted by the Seih/tc and House of Rcp'j e-icnta-
tives of the Unded States of Jhnerica in Congress assembled7
That, for the purpose of enabling the Government of the
United States to prosecute said war to a speedy and suc-
cessful termination, the President be, and he is heieby,
authorised to employ the militia, naval and military forces
of the United States, and to call for and accept the services
of an> number of volunteers, not exceeding fifty thousand,
Who may offer Their services eithei as eavah.v, aitillciy,
infantry, or riflemen, to serve twelve months afrer they
have aruved at the piaoe of lendezvoat;, or to the end of the
war, unless sooner discharged, accoiding to the time tor
winch thev shall have been mustered into service ; and that
the Qitm often millions of dollars', out of any moneys m the
trea^my, or to come into the treasury, not otherwise appro-
priated, be, and the same is hereby appropiiated, for the pur-
pose of carrying the piovisionsof this act intoeftect "
Mark, sir, the language of this preamble. It is
almost word for word the language of the Presi-
dent, in his message at the page before noticed—
tk exists by the act of Mexico." What exists?
war, " by the act of Mexico." The language of
the President and the preamble declares that war
existed by the act of Mexico—by the act, that is,
commenced by Mexico—begun by Mexico—the
peace of the two nations broken by Mexico. Such,
sir, is the meaning of the preamble, such the mean-
ing of the President in his message. Who, sir, I
ask, voted for this amendment? Who was dis-
; satisfied with the original first section of the bill,
and preferred that this preamble should go forth
to the world, that an American Congress believed
that war exists by the act of Mexico ? Who, after
hearing, or shall hereafter read the speech of my
colleague, delivered on this floor a few days since,
can but be astonished? What Tennesseean that
shall read his speech but will exclaim, how won-
derfully short man's frail memory! And why
this astonishment? 0 tell it not in Gath and pub-
lish it not in the stieets of Askelon, that the gen-
tleman who but a few days since charged that this
war was commenced by the Executive, did, on the
11th of May, 1846, at page 792, Journal, with
! fifteen of his party, upon the yeas and nays, sol-
| emnly on record, vote, " by the act of the republic
; of Mexico a state of war exists." Yes, Mr.
Chairman, Tennesseeans will learn that my col-
\ league so voted, as they now know that he voted
; for the fifty thousand volunteers, and ten million
! loan to carry on this "unconstitutional war."
' Why, then, this assault upon the President, when
i the honorable gentleman, by his vote, helped to
peifeet the bill, by striking out and inserting, as I
i; have shown, that war existed by the act of Mexi-
co; and then, as 1 have before shown, voted for
!' the bill upon its final passage? After presenting to
j| this House facts showing that my colleague stands
'• as having twice endorsed the President's declara-
