118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 14,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Burt.
Ho. of Reps.
tual concessions. But, sir, it occurs to me, that
it is equally difficult to defend this act of proscrip-
tion upon any constitutional authority. 1 had
supposed it to be no longer a debatable proposi-
tion, whether the power over the subject of slavery
was absolute and exclusive in the States. I had
not imagined that the power to control, to regulate,
to abolish, or in any mode to interfere with this
subject, could, with the least plausibility or gravi-
ty, be claimed as belonging to Congress. I am
led by the argument to notice a question which had
been isaised, a few days since, by the gentleman
from NewYork, [Mr. Groveh,]—that of Congress
to regulate and control the importation of slaves
from one State to another. I shall content myself
with adducing an authority which I am persuaded
will command the respect and veneration of that
fentleman. It is contained in a cause recently
ecided in the Supreme Court, and I am willing
that the argument shall rest upon it. I ask the
attention of the committee and of the gentleman
from New York to the opinions of the judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States upon this
question. Justice McLean said;
e< The power over slavery belongs to the States respect-
ively. It is local in its character and in its effects; and the
transfer or sale of slaves cannot be separated from this pow-
es* It is, indeed, an essential part of it. Each State has a
right to protect itself against the avarice and intrusion of tlie
slave dealers, to guard its c-itizens againstthe inconvenience
and danger of a slave population."
He maintained that this power "to prohibit sla-
very, or regulate it," may be exercised "without
trenching upon the commercial power of Con-
gress. Chief Justice Taney, in the same cause,
said:
" In my judgnhent, the power ovei this subject is exclu-
sively with ilic several States; and each of them has anylit
to decide for itself whether if will, or will not, allow per-
sons of this deseiiplion 10 be bi ought within it* limits from
another State, either for sale, or for any other puipo^o; and
also to provide the manner and mode in which they may be
introduced, and to determine their condition and treatment
within their respective territories; and the action of the sev-
eral States upon'this subject cannot l>e controlled by Con-
fress, either by virtue of its power to regulate coniirictce,or
y virtue of any other power eonfeired by the Constitution
of the United States."
In this opinion concurred Justices Story, Thomp-
son, Wayne, and McKinley. Justice Catron did
not sit, from indisposition. Justice Barbour, of
Virginia, died before the case was decided. Jus-
tice Baldwin, of Pennsylvania, dissented, holding
that the power to regulate commerce was a nega-
tion to the States ofYegnlatmg the sale and traffic
in slavery between the States.
The annexation of Texas furnishes the next ex-
ample in our history. I will not undertake to say
what motives, what views of national policy, in-
duced the annexation of that republic to the United
States. That measure was advocated on grounds
that were peculiar to the different sections of this
Union. It was advocated with equal earnestness
and zeal by the North and the West—by the Mid-
dle States and the South. I think I may fairly say it
was not advocated on the ground that it would con-
tribute to the security and stability of the institution !
of slavery. If I were to undertake to say on what ;
principal ground, in my estimation, it was most ;
especially advocated, I should say it was. that !
Great Britain should never plant her foot on another
rood of American soil. It was jealousy of that ^
gigantic and rapacious spirit of acquisition and ag- >
grandizement which has already extended British
sway over sea and land in every clime and coun- j
try—that true American feeling which would re- i
sist as an aggression upon our free institutions j
the extension of British power on this continent— I
that was the great, the national motive, for the an- !
nexation of Texas. But Texas was an independ- !
ent republic. The overture of annexation propo- j
sing that slavery should not exist above the line i
of 36° and 30' north latitude, tendered the propo- 1
silion as a treaty stipulation. She was competent :
to assent or to reject the proposition. The Gov-
ernment, and the people in their sovereign capaci-
ty, chose to assent to the condition. There was
no constraint upon the unfettered will of her citi-
zens. I now submit, that with no propriety can !
the annexation of Texas be urged as a precedent'
to justify the restriction to which it is proposed to j
subject the inhabitants of the territory of Orison.
These, Mr. Chairman, arc the precedents, in def- •
erence to which I have ventured to offer the amend- ■
ment which I had the honor to.submit. The force i
and effect of these precedents I have considered, and jj authorize Congress to demand that a State be shor:
I leave to be determined, by the argument I have
produced. As an original proposition, I should
have scouted the compromise. It is now offered
in a spirit of amity and concession; and if it be met
in a corresponding spirit, it may be we'll for the re-
pose and harmony of the Confederacy. I fear, but
hope it may be met in the spirit that prompts it.
I cannot refiain, Mr. Chairman, from declaring
that these compromises, that all compromises, have
proved to the South barren and hollow truces. They
have brought no protection, no guarantees to her
admitted, undeniable, constitutional rights. They
have not even brought to her quietude, much less
security. Sir, the South has ever been subjected
to incessant agitation: to that eternal teasing and
annoyance, which is the only species of warfare
upon her that is practicable, or dangerous to her
institutions.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot help thinking that it was
most unhappy counsels that induced the South to
be party to any other compromise than the com-
promises of the Constitution. Upon the basis of
the Constitution alone can our rights rest securely,
if secure they be. That instrument restricts south-
ern property within no limits, confines it within no
area, circumscribes it within no parallels of lati-
tude. The southern States stand on a footing of
proud equality with the other States of the Union.
Their peculiar domestic interests arc guaiantied by
its provisions. This guarantee was demanded by
the States of the South, and yielded by those of
the North. Let no recreant son now surrender
them.
Sir, I utterly deny the power of Congress in en-
acting " needful rules and regulations" for a Ter-
ritory, to exclude from it any species of property
which is tolerated in the States of this Union, and
which its inhabitants may desire to possess. If
Congress have authority to exclude from the Ter-
ritories one description of property, it must have
power to exclude any description of property. It
can as well prohibit the introduction of the pro-
perty of the North as that of the South. If it can
prevent the introduction of a slave, I should be
glad to learn why it may not prevent that of a
spinning jenny or a power loom. It is not delega-
ted to Congress to define the nature of the property
which shall or shall not be held by the inhabitants
of the Territories of the United States. But if, as
the argument of the nonslaveholding States main-
tains, slaves are persons in whom property is
claimed, I should he indebted to any gentleman
who will cite the authority which empowers Con-
giess to exclude thein from this Territory. That
persons from any particular State or section of the
Union, should be denied access to a country which
has been acquired by the common valor or treasure
of all—that they should be denied rights and priv-
of its proportions and power, and dismantled of
its sovereignty, as the humiliating terms of its ad-
mission into the Union. This is the inevitable
and revolting result. The Constitution tolerates
no such arbitrary power in any, in all the depart-
ments of the Federal Government, thus to tyran-
nizeoverStates, or to subvert thegreat fundamental
rights of sovereignty and self-government.
But, sir, have gentlemen considered the legiti-
mate consequences of the power they ascribe to
Congress of controlling the domestic policy of
States, and prescribing the form of their constitu-
tions by the invidious means of legislation for
the Territories? Are they aware that the argu-
ment which asserts the power of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories, equally maintains
its right to establish it ? If it can make the intro-
duction of slaves- unlawful, cannot it legalize it,
and command their introduction ? If Congress
can require the citizen to surrender his slave as
the condition of settlement in a Territory, cannot
Congress make the possession of slaves the con-
dition of settlement? If Congress can exclude
slaveholders, cannot it admit only them, and ex-
clude all non-slaveholders? These consequences
seem to be the unavoidable results of the argument.
But I totally and utterly reject and repudiate this
alarming pretension to do the one or the other; or
to interfere, in the least degree, with the subject in
the States or Territories.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that some of my
southern friends entertain doubts whether the
amendment which I have deemed it my duty to
propose was not ill-timed and injudicious. I am
equally aware that efforts have been made in a
' quarter, which exerts some influence upon public
opinion at the South, to silence its voice upon this
question; and those who have had the manliness
not to heed such counsels, have been deemed indis-
creet representatives of the rights of the South.
But, sir, I should not have acquitted myself of my
duty to my constituents if, at a crisis like the pres-
ent, I had not warned them of the danger that
threatens the South. This is not only the appro-
priate time, but the only time, when the proposi-
tion raised by that amendment could have been
introduced. It is to be raised now, or it never can
be raised. I do not hesitate to declare, that if the
South does not now protest against the restriction
sought to be imposed upon the inhabitants of this
Territory, it will be, and ought to be, forever pre-
cluded. Another precedent—I believe the first
precedent—will be established of excluding* by
the agency of Congress, slavery from a Territory
| of the United States—a Territory to which neither
! the ordinance of 1787 nor the Missouri compro-
j mise is applicable. And the South is called upon
i to consent—ay, urged voluntarily and gratuitously
ileges that are extended to all others, is an assump- jj to consent—that its citizens shall be put under this
tion too monstrous to discuss, too absurd to con- ji ban. The whole territory of Oregon lies above
fute. Whether slaves, then, be regarded as per- i| the line of the Missouri compromise, and the
sons or property—whether they combine the attri- H amendment simply recites that fact, in terms that
butes and qualities of both—I utterly deny the j| imply that the line of that compromise should apply
right of Congress to exclude them from theTerri- M to Oregon, and any other territory that shall hcrc-
tories of the United States.
The argument leads me to maintain a proposi-
tion, -winch the fleeting hour will allow me very
briefly to indicate, rather than discuss. It is, that
on the application of a State for admission into
the Union, the duty and the jurisdiction of Con- j! this hour.
j after be acquired by the United States. The events
! of the last few years induced me to believe that it
j was due to the South that we should have a renewal
, of the compromise—a " fresh understanding of the
i bargain;" and that we should have it this day—•
gress are restricted to the simple inquiry, is its
form of government republican 5 This is the only
condition exacted by the Constitution. The spe-
cification of a condition is, upon every principle of
just reasoning, the exclusion of all others. It is
the negation of the power which might have been
implied m Congress to prescribe the terms of ad-
mitting a State. But if Congress may annex any
other condition than that which the Constitution
has provided, is it not clear and palpable that it
can prescribe any condition which its wantonness
or its caprice may suggest. If it can make the
prohibition of slavery, by its Constitution and
laws, the condition of admitting a State into the
Union, may it not require that the State shall
grant no charter of incorporation, or shall not
allow free and unrestricted suffrage? May it not
prescribe the qualifications that shall entitle its citi-
zens to the franchise of suffrage for the municipal
officers of the State as well as the qualifications to
hold office in the State ? This assumption would
Mr. Chairman, the representative from a south-
ern State has slept upon his post of duty, who has
not, for the last three years, seen, in the distance,
the approach of a crisis which portends fearful dis-
asters to the country. I had not occupied a seat
in this Hall ten days, before I saw that a great
popular movement in the northern States was in
progress, which, if not met with a bold and tin-
blenching spirit by the South, would draw into its
vortex elements that would defy opposition and
resistance. I shall be pardoned a brief allusion to
some of the events which have marked its progress.
Three years ago incendiary documents, disguised
in the form of petitions and memorials to Congress,
were excluded this Hall. That barrier has been
broken down. Simultaneously with the reception
of such documents, the State of Massachusetts—a
State no less influential on account of her high in-
telligence, than the moral force of a united people—
by her Legislature, solemnly proposed to disturb
that compromise of the Constitution which pro-
