1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Reverdy Johnson.
Senate.
-pidesthe basis of representation in Congress. This
assault upon the institutions of the South was re-
pelled. During the last session of Congress, tlje
President,in a specieil message, asked ari appropria-
tion of two millions of dollars to enable him to con-
clude a treaty of peace and boundary with Mexico.
It was well understood, that by such treaty, the
United States expected to acquire some of the
northern departments of Mexico; particularly Cali-
fornia and New Mexico. A bill to make the appro-
priation wa3 under discussion, when a democratic
representative from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot]
rose in his place, and moved an amendment, by
which slavery should be forbidden in any coun-
try that should be acquired from Mexico by the
treaty thus to be concluded. The country was en-
gaged in a war with a foreign nation—the appro-
priation was believed necessary to obtain an early
and satisfactory peace—in the war the South had
contributed its full proportion of troops—they had
been gallantly led to the battle-field and to victory
by a southern officer—and that occasion was seized
for a blow to the South by the hand of a Demo-
crat !
Sir, I shall never forget, that upon that occa-
sion, a member from Indiana [Mr. Wick] moved
the Missouri compromise as an amendment to
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and I well remember how that compromise
was repudiated. I remember, moreover, that when
the bill referred to was introduced in this Hall,
gentlemen from the eastern States, and gentlemen
from the western States, on the opposite side of
the House, clamored in denunciation of the whole
proposition; and as soon as the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania prevailed, they
wheeled about and voted with alacrity for it. So
acceptable to the North was this measure, that a
gentleman from New York—a Democratic repre-
sentative—had deemed it his duty, at least had
thought proper, to introduce a similar bill, for an
appropriation of money to enable the President to
negotiate a treaty with Mexico, with the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania ingraft-
ed upon it. He failed of the requisite majority to
suspend the rules for the reception of his bill.
That proposition will yet be thrust upon this House
before this session closes, and I tell the South it is
time to look to it. If the language which we hear
everyday in this Hall is not empty and idle men-
ace, this ostracism of the South will yet be inflict-
ed. What are the declarations all around me—
from members of the Whig, as well as of the
Democratic party—from the North, from the East,
and from the West? Why, that the South need
never hope again to see slavery tolerated in any
territory to be acquired by treaty or by conquest.
I will not say that this is the unanimous declara-
tion of the West. I trust it is not; and I have in
my eye some patriotic exceptions. But the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] a Democratic
ai .d prominent representative from that State, con-
curred with others in announcing this to be the
deliberate and unalterable determination of the
North. We arc told from these sections—it has
been boldly proclaimed in debate—that the line of
the Missouri compromise shall never be applied to
any new territory. The resolutions of annexation
provide that new States may be formed within the
limits of the State of Texas, and admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the other States.
This is the compact; but I tell the South, that no
such State will be permitted to enter this Umoii as a
slave-holding State. The vote upon the admission
ofTexas—the voteupon theadmission ofFlorida—
all the indications of popular sentiment in the
northern States,—demand and justify this declara-
tion. If, with these facts before their eyes; if, with
these threats ringing in their ears, the southern
States do not hreak the fatal spell that benumbs the
spirit and paralyzes the energy of their people—if
they do not now gird on their armor, and strike for
defence of their homes and altars, they are destined
to be the scene of a conflict of races, whose atro-
cities and horrors will find no parallel in the bloody
and servile drama of St. Domingo. What! shall
we cherish the fatal delusions of hope until our
dwellings are wrapt in flames, and our hearth-
stones drenched in the blood of our wives and
children? God forbid! "Now's the day, and
now's the hour."
Sir, let no man do me the wrong of imputing to
me the gratuitous and untimely agitation of this
mighty question. " Thou can'st not say I did it."
I appeal to every gentleman who has been contem-
porary with nre, to bear me witness, that my voice
has never been heard, but on one occasion, within
these walls, on the subject of slavery. That occa-
sion was the discussion which grew out of the
attempt to repeal the rule excluding Abolition pe-
titions. In that debate, it had been, as I thought,
most needlessly thrust into the argument, and I
uttered the indignant sentiments of my heart.
But if I have never introduced this subject in de-
bate, I will not shrink from its vindication on all
fit and proper occasions; and I should have been
recreant to the affections of kindred and home,
remiss in my first and highest duty to my country-
men and constituents, had I failed to speak on this
occasion.
Sir, let me now warn the North, that the South
will meet, with the unbroken front and unfaltering
spirit of a people united by aggressions, the crisis
they have brought upon her. She has no traitor-
ous son here to be false to lus own honor, or faith-
less to her safety—none at home to betray his
blood and his native land. With united counsels
and a just cause, I have a proud confidence and a
stedfast faith that she will ever be found equal to
her destiny, whatever oideal or peril may await
her.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
REMARKS OF REYERDY JOHNSON,
OF MARYLAND,
In the Senate, January 22, 1847.
The Senate having under consideration the Bill
from the House of Representatives, to raise for
a limited time an additional Military Force, and
for other purposes —
Mr. 11. JOHNSON observed, that in what lie
was about to say, he should not confine himself to
the immediate question before the Senate, which
was the amendment proposed bv the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator from
Texas, but should address his observations m part,
to the other question growing out of the general
subjcct. The question presented to them involved
a consideration of expediency, as well as one of .a
constitutional character, and the question of expe-
diency was applicable to the general question
arising upon the bill; and what he proposed to say
upon that question, he should say briefly, after dis-
posing of the other.
It had been argued very forcibly by the Senator
from Michigan, and with equal force by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, and he should not have
thought it necessary, therefore, to say a word re-
garding it, but that lie found there was still a con-
trary opinion prevailing with some members of the
Senate. The Congress of the United States was
invested with the exclusive power of raising and
supporting armies, and they were also clothed
with the power of calling out the militia. They
were empowered to call into service the militia, for
the purpose of suppressing insurrection, repelling
invasion, and enforcing the execution of the law.
There, their power terminated. The commission-
ing of officers of the militia belonged to the several
States, according to the laws of those States in which
they were enrolled. The power of raising armies
was given to Congress for a purpose entirely ditfer-
entfrom that given to call on the States for militia—■
it was given with a national object, to be exerted by
the nation itself m ifs aggregate capacity, and the
army when called into service under that power,
became the property of the United States. The
men inlisted became the soldiers of the United
States, and the officers thus commissioned neces-
sarily became the officers of the United States.
There were but these two descriptions of forces
known to the Constitution, which they were au-
thorized to bring into the field: first, the militia,in
the sense of the term as used in the constitution;
and the army, in contradistinction to the militia.
One of two things was true: either the officers to
be appointed under this bill were militia officers,
and to be commissioned under State authority; or
they were officers belonging to the army, and their
appointments were to be made by the President.
The Senator from Texas proposed that the com-
| panies should elect their own officers, and when
' the several regiments met together, they should
elect their field officers, which election was to be
certified to the President, whose duty it should be,
not to exercise his discretion over the subject and
satisfy himself that they were the persons proper
to be appointed, but to commission them -without
any such examination. He wguld ask the Sena*
tor from Texas whether he supposed it would be
competent for Congress to provide that district'
judges should be appointed by the people? Or cus-
tom-house officers, or postmasters, or marshals?
He believed that the experience of all times, if
fairly consulted, would demonstrate, that for such
a war as that in which the nation was now enga-
ged, the least efficient, the most dangerous^ and
expensive course was, to attempt to carry it on
by volunteer forces. No man felt more proud
than he did at the successes which attended the
action of our volunteer forces in Mexico; but it
was impossible that they could receive the dis-
cipline which would render them as efficient in an
| enemy's country as regular troops. How were
!; the companies raised? By a system more or less
of electioneering', and the man who procured his
commission in that way must feel, to some extent,
, underan obligation; be'must feel that he was respon-
i siblu to those who elected him, or that he would be
; so when the war was terminated. That description
; of force was only intended by the framers of the
j Constitution to meet a sudden crisis, in order to
j defend the country when time did not permit the
j preparation of a force of a different description,
i The people of the United States were jealous of
; standing armies; they were averse to keeping such
| armies in the field, unless necessity demanded it;
i and to guard against the possible mischief which
i might arise from the want of a standing army, it
; was provided thf t Congress might call in the
1 hid of militia. contemplated that there
: should be a reasonable confidence reposed in the
i hepd of ibe nation•. :\nd so f_\r from refusing, in
| the present emergency, the troops asked for by
; the President, he thought they ought-to be granted
; by acclamation. The" Senator from Connecticut
j seemed disposed to withhold what he considered
; would be an increase of patronage from the Exec-
| utive; but he doubted very much whether the Ex-
j ecutive would be strengthened by such patronage;
I for if it jvere true, as was supposed by the Sen-
i ator from Texas, that when this bill should be
j passed, thousands would be anxious to get com-
missions in the army, then it would be equally
true that thousands who came to get commissions
would go away disappointed, and be found in the
ranks of the opposition, if there was to be any
opposition to Mr. Polk at any future election. To
carry on the war in which we were at present
engaged, it was necessary that the whole power
of the government should be put forth, for the
people of Mexico, finding themselves invaded,
and believing such invasion to be unjust, were
ready to rise cn masse, and with their capacity for
endurance, and courage and military talents, such
as it was, they were not to be conquered in a
day. Whatever he might have thought of th6
prudence of the President in moving the troops to
the Rio Grande, and how unnecessary he might
! have thought that movement to be, and however
j clear he might be that "the effect of that movement
j was to bring on the war, it was not now a time to
i speculate upon it. The Coftgress of the United
1 States, by a vote approaching almost to unanimity,
I passed the act of 13th May, 184§, in the first section
( of which it was declared that, for the purpose of
I enabling the Government of the United States to
j prosecute said war to a speedy and successful ter-
' mination, fifty thousand men and ten million dollars
should be granted. The war, then, was to go on
until it terminated successfully. What would be a
successful termination of this war? Whatdid Con-
gress declare it for ? He cared not under what cir-
cumstances it was declared, what did they declare
it for' For the idle purpose of marching troops
| into Mexico and back again ? Of subjecting our
i men to the dreadful diseases of the climate, or to
i the hazards and perils of battle > Or was it the pur-
pose to drive back tne invaders of our soil, and to
drive them back by such a force and in such a
manner as would compel them to come to teims ?
The duty of the Government of tile United States,
and of the people of the United States, if they were
