APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. %
29xh Cong 2d Sess.
Fremont's Topographical and Scientific Maps-—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ty,ue t,o the itjstjncts of their, origin, was to bring
tliis\var tQ.a successful termination, and to devote,
tljjeir whole poi«ex- in br.dei to aeconiplish this pur-,
ppae". Hie qnly thing, then, to be considered, was,
how tilis- eould best ne accomplished—\yliether, it
shpuld t$, ag he maintained, by an increase of the
ibmUff. army, or by a volunteer force. IJ.is oppo-.
sjtion to,this bill was not that it increased the regu-
lar army, but thai it difl not go far enough. He
thought thfit tjigy, ought tp raise twenty or thirty
thousand men. But how was this to be donn with-
out money ? He %youl(l Ijke to have heard from the
Committee on Finance on this subject as to what
it wag their, purpose to do.
Mr. SPEIGHT. I will,tell the gentleman. ^e
propose to report, to-morrow, a bill to authorize a
loan of'«S3,0qp,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ay, but that bill raises no
rev.enue.
Mr. SPEIGHT. Means will be furnished.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes; provided we can borrow
the money.
What he meant to say was, that it was the duty
of the Congress of the United States at once and
promptly tp levy taxes. They had been recently
told by a quasi authority, that in the tariff act of
18i6, a. margin was left to be filled up, and that arti-
cles how in.the free list, in case of war, were to be
taxied, to meet theexigencies of that war; but, as yet,
they had seen no proposition to fill up that margin:
110 proposition to tax the free list. Why should
not tea and coffee be taxed ? It had been said that
it would bean obnoxious duty. He did not think
so. He thought it a libel upon the patriotism of
the,people to suppose, that they would not bear any
amount of taxation deemed to be neccssary for the
vindication of the national honor. Men were pre-
senting themselves by hundreds and by thousands,
and offering to peril their lives to sustain the coun-
try's fame. Would it be a very great thing to
demand of them to pay a small tax upon tea and
coffee? If there was a part of the habitable globe
in which national honor was prized more than
in any other, it was that part in which we lived.
If there were any people living who would feel
more deeply than any other, national degradation,
it was the people of the United States. If there
were any people upon the face of the globe who
would call to sterner account their agents, who
suffered the honor of the country to be assailed
from any apprehensions that the people would not
submit to the imposition of a lew corns in the way
of tax, it was the people of the United States. Lay
on the taxes, then; lake the articles from the free
list, and subject them to duty- Relieving, as he
did, that no possible mode for bringing this war
to that kind of termination which Congress, by the
act of. 13th of May, 184fi, declared that that act
was passed to accomplish, viz: a successful one—
but by bringing the whole power of the Govern-
ment to act, he was for giving the force asked for by
the President, and as much more as the exigencies
of the case might demand.
If they would but get rid of the sub-treasury act,
they would get as much money as they might
want, and they might maishal to the field a force of
fifty thousand troops,and let Mexico see that it was
our determination and our ability to have all the
troops that would answer our purpose. Whatever
might have been the differences heretofore, one fact
they could not forget—there is a war existing. • And
they could not help seeing, also, that if it is suffer-
ed to terminate otherwise than successfully, the
national honor will be tarnished. They could not
bring back the troops, nor yet simply hold the ter-
ritory already occupicd, without showing to the
civilized world that we were beaten in this conflict,
or that territory was our object, and that having
obtained that, we are satisfied. There was not one
of the thousands over whom the flag of our coun-
try now so proudly floats, who would not then
cease to regard it as a type of the nation's power
and glory. There was no American citizen at
home, nor any of the ten thousand to be found
in other nations, who were looking with pride and
gratification at the glory achieved by our arms m
this war,who would not bowdown with humiliation,
when they shall hear that the troops of their coun-
try have been withdrawn, and the war with Mexi-
co has not been brought to a successful termina-
tion. There might be differences of opinion in the
United States as to the origin of this war; yet if he
had any knowledge of the cbp.ra.cter of its people,
there was not a family into which they might go,
where they would not hear daily aspirations to
Heaven for the success of the Amerjcan arms.
Mr. J. should vote for the bill as it cam$ from
thg committee, because he believed it to be in-
finitely preferable in that shape, than if amended,
as proposed by the Senator from Texas. And he
invoked, the Senate not to put itself in a condition,
in which it will be in the power of the Executive
or thg nation hereafter to tell them, if any disaster i
should come to the American arms, that it was
owing to the bad advice of the Congress of the
United States. He was satisfied, however, that
they would do their duty. They would not forget
the honor of their country, and that from their
" behaviour it would take its title in the estimation
of the ivoild, to glory or to shame." He could
say, as one, the honor of the nation must and shall
be maintained, as far as depended upon him, no
matter at what cost. He hoped, therefore, that it
would be found that there was a majority of the
Senate ready tp prefer the bill as it came from the
committee, to any other proposition that could be
offered.
FREMONT'S TOPOGRAPHICAL AND SCI-
ENTIFIC MAPS.
In Senate, Tuesday, February 2, 1847.
The following Resolution being under considera-
tion :
Resolved, Thar the Seereta.y of the Senate be diieetotl to
eonir.iet with £Str. Chailes I'len.^s tor cunstnictmg atupo-
grapJm-al map ol the great eenlull section ot' the tlneky
Mountains, with tin: lateral and nh mountain:-, oil each side,
ciown to the edge ol the Gieut l'lams on the east, and to
(ire.it Halt, Lak-: on the wiv t, and showing the headwater.-*
of all ihe. ^roat livers rNinir in that section ot the Kooky
Mountains, and flowm? to the Pacific Oeean ami to the
Mississippi; to he compiled troiu ihr licit! notes, journals,
atut sketches of "Lieutenant Colonel t-'i dinout, and In- a—]-1
ant, Chailes Prcuss; the said map, licsides the topography
ot' the country, to show the results of the astronomical,
barometrical, nuiteoioloyicil, botanical, !_'Colu.;i< al, and
other scientitic ob^ei vatiotis of Lieutenant (Jolonel Fi 61110m,
so as to exhibit the latitude and longitude of lemarkable
places, the elevations ol the country, ttle tenipeiatuie of the
air, and state of the weather; uk.n clnir.iercii-he tieer-,
plants, flowers, and gias es; characteristic mineials, lb:.sil->,
caiths, and rocks ; with remarks to sliovv the woodland and
prailie?-, Indian tribes, tjaiiie,&e.; with llie additions which
the present expedition of Lieutenant Colonel Ki ^morit may
eonluhute to the work. Al -o, a map of Oiejion and Cali-
fornia 111 tile same st\k, Iron, the mateii.Us ot the same <: v-
ploiei, anil otliei authentic sources.
Mr. liKNTON said the lesolution proposed the
compilation of the maps; the publication would be
a separate question hereafter. At present the mo-
tion was to compile the maps from the materials
011 hand, and from those which the present expe-
dition of Colonel Fremont might add to them—■
the compilation to be made by Alt'. Charles Preuss,
the assistant of Colonel F. 111 his two first expedi-
tions, and who has just compiled, under the order
of the Senate, the extended topographical map
of the road from Missouri to Oregon, and of the
country, upon a breadth of many miles, through
which tt passes. The absence of Colonel F. makes
no difference, so full and accurate urc his notes,
and so clear the pencil sketches which accompany
them, that any skilful draughtsman may, at any
time, make the compilation; but no one can ever
do it with the fulness and accuracy of Mr. Preuss,
himself a most skilful topographer, and the long
and faithful cooperator in the collection of these
rich and varied materials.* The compilation he
has just made of the topographical map of the road
to Oregon, and of the country through which it
passes, is at once both an evidence of his skill and
a sample of the work yet to be done. That map,
under the modest name of a road, presents a wide
view of the country through which it passes, and,
at every step, is luminous with science. Upon
a breadth of some fifty miles, and a length of two
thousand, it is resplendent with science. The
results not merely of geography and of topogra-
phy, but of all the kindred natural sciences are
* " In sketching the topographical features of the country,
a branch of science 111 which he had been professionally
educated, Mr. Charles Preuss has been ray assistant in both
expeditious; and to his extraordinary skill, supported by the
pleasure he felt in the execution ofhis duties, I am indebted
tor the continuous topogiaphical sketches of the regions
through wnich we passed, and whicl'i were never inter-
rupted by any extremity of fatigue or privation."—Fremont's
Report.
there. Astronomy, geology, geometry, botany,
meteorology, are all there, with the names and
abodes of savage tribes, and the range of the wild
aiTimals upon which they live. Latitudes an<J
longitudes of remarkable places, are accurately
given from celestial observatipns carcfully made,
with standard instruments. The elevations of:
mountains, plains, and valleys, barometrically-
taken, ar§ fully noted. Fossils and minerals have
their localities indicated- Characteristic plants*
flowers, trees, grasses, soils, earths, rocks, and
stones, appear in their proper places. The phe-
nomena of the heavens, and of the air, are so
regulaily noted that, upon the whole line of ex-
ploration, and. at every encampment, or noonday
halt, and all under its proper dfiLe and place, may
be seen the degree of the air's temperature, the di-
rection of the wind, if any, and the actual state of
the weather—whether clear, cloudy, rain, hail,
snQw, or sunshine. The natural history of the
country may be studied, and even an almanac
constructed, for nearly two thousand miles of prai-
ries and mountains, on a viqw of this road map„
It is a new thing, and an era in our conception of
map making, and belongs to a school of which
originality and science are the characteristics, and
of which the illustrious l^,umboldt is the great
illustration. Two thousand miles of this work
has been done; eight thousand more remain to be
compiled; and for this compilation the order is
now asked. All this refers to the first and second
expeditions: the third, (in which the adventurous
explorer has been engaged for nearly two years,
and intended by him to be the crowning work of
his labors,) if it survives ali the accidents of war
and exploration, may add eight or ten thousand
nnles more, and arrive in time to be ingrafted on
the maps now proposed to be compiled. The
three expeditions of Colonel F. will present near
twenty thousand miles of scientific explorations,
under every imaginable form of danger and of
hardship; maintaining all the while a military at-
titude against savage tribes and Mexican per-
fidy; and, as an episode, conquering California,
with a handful of men, and in a few brief days,
and while four thousand men were preparing in
the United States to go forth to conquer it. The
amount of labor performed by Colonel Fremont in
these three expeditions probably exceeds what was
ever done in the same space of time by any indi-
vidual'*; and the object of this .motion is to give to
science, and to the world, the benefit of these stu-
pendous labois. I say to give ! and mean it in the
proper sense of the word; for Colonel Fremont has
not deemed it right to take out a copyright on what
was done under a commission from the Government,
and at its expense; and, on his return from each
expedition, regularly delivers up to his Govern-
mental! the fruits of his labors, to be made pub-
lic if Congress thinks fit; and thus to pass, with-
out price or impediment, into the general mass of
human knowledge. The present motion is to
bring to light, and to make available to science, a
mass of materials now lying idle in the notes and
sketch books of his two fiist expeditions, and to
embody them in skeleton maps, to be filled up
and completed with the fruits of the third expedi-
tion, now nearly two years in progress.
The resolution contemplates the compilation of
two maps: one on a very large scale, and in all the
detail of topographical description, to exhibit the
great central section of the Rocky Mountains, with
its passes, peaks, and coves—its lakes of fresh and
saltwater—its mineral springs—jtsgrassy valleys—
and the approximating headwaters of the gre.at
rivers which rise opposite to each in that elevated
central region of the North American Cordilleras,
and thence flow east and west to the rising and to
the setting sun. Great errors wili be- correctcd,
and many wonders of nature will be brought to
light by this topographical exhibition of the-actual
character of that great central section of the Rocky
Mountains. Frozen sterility is the character at-
* If to these three expeditions, in which he was the leader,
be addr-d three other labors in which he was subordinate, to
wit* two years topographical surveying with Mr. Nicollet,
in the basin of the Upper Mississippi; one year's work in
the Cherokee nation, under Captain Williams, wh.o waa
killed at Monterey ; and one year's civil engineering m the
mountains of the Carolmas: if these four years' labors bo
added to the other five, it may be assumed that this joun 
explorer ha* done more work than any other man ot iiis age
ever did in the world.
