122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 25,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army—Mr. Perry.
Ho. or Reps.
the place, or commemorative of some event. As
a mere matter of taste we would always prefer to
have these names correctly spelled, and their mean-
ing thus preserved and known, rather than have
them metamorphosed into some strange vernacular j
of analogous sound and senseless import. As a j
mere matter of taste we would prefer the right j
word, and the right meaning; but it often happens j
that questions of great moment—questions which j
concern the origin and the history of nations—re- '
ceive elucidation from the analogies of languages, I
and especially from the names bestowed upon |
places. So it happens in the present case. The .
pens of the learned have been occupied withinvesti- j
gationsupon the origin of the American population, |
and especially that of the Aztec race established in ,
Mexico some centuries before Cortes arrived there. >
Their own history attributed to them a far north-
west origin, and an emigration from that quarter.
Humboldt assigns them two abodes before they
arrived at their final residence; one being half way
up the Rio Colorado of the Gulf of California, the
other on the Rio Gila (Reeo Heelah) fork of the
same river, and quotes names and words from the
writings of the Jesuit missionaries irTthe Alta Cali-
fornia to show them to be of Aztec origin, and an
evidence of Mexican emigration. Mr. FVanchere,
aFrench gentleman in the employment of Mr. Astor, j
and who wrote the best account of his colony on the :
Columbia, did the same thing with respect to names !
of places in Oregon, and shows the frequent recur- !
re nee of the Aztec syllables tla, alii atk, <&c. Colonel j
Fremont did the same, and in the pronunciation of
the Indians often detected the Aztec combination of
letters in their guttural'and clucking articulation
where no symptom of such sound or combination
could be distinguished in the vernacular substi-
tute of our American pioneers. The name of the |
famous Tlamatk Lake, and Tlamath Indians, is
an instance of this kind. The Americans call it
Klamet—a word which refers itself to no particular
language; while Tlmnath is so purely Aztec, that
it would seem to be exactly at home in the basin
which holds the city of Mexico, the final abode of
the Aztec conquerors. The same of the river Wah-
Uthmatk; called by the settlers Wolamet, or Willa-
mette, or Wilhainet, and of many others. All these
names, and there are a great number of them, will
lose their own identity, and be lost to historical
investigation, unless accurately pieserved by the
first explorers. Colonel Fremont's attention was
much turned in that direction. In his map and
report already published, he hasgiven the aborigi-
nal names as he caught them from the mouths of
the resident Indians. In this third expedition,
it was his design to pursue that branch of investi-
gation, and even to return to the United States
across the traditionary line of Aztec emigration,
and to examine for himself those ruins of casas
grandes (large houses) which have their locality on
the Rio Gila and the Colorado, m the great map
of Humboldt. The unexpected intervention of war
may have frustrated this part of his plan; but the
preservation of aboriginal proper names will still
be in his power; and the map of Oregon and Cali-
fornia, now proposed to be compiled, besides its
character of science and originality, will have
the further merit of the proper spelling of proper
names.
Compilation only is now proposed: the publica-
tion will await the return of Colonel Fremont, and
will receive the additions of his present explora-
tion. Nothing which has yet been published un-
der his name, neither of narrative nor of maps, has
had the benefit of his personal supervision. Im-
patient for new labors, he has not been able to
brook the delays of printing and engraving, and
has hastened off to make new discoveries, leaving
it to the Government to dispose of the first as it
pleased. He claimed no right of property in any
thing—has not even seen, m print, his second re-
port, or the map which accompanies it—and has
not even a-tropy of any part of his own labors ex-
cept as presented to him by myself, or other friends.
He has labored in the interests of science, disinter-
estedly and enthusiastically, and with a just con-
ception of the elevation and grandeur of his pur-
suit, as far transcending the ordinary pursuits of
life, military fame not excepted. In a letter to his
family, from the base of the Rocky Mountains, in
his outward voyage of the present expedition,
when about to cross that lofty wall, and to disap-
pear beyond it for a long time, possibly forever,
he spoke with honest enthusiasm of the expected
results of this, his crowningexpedition,and placed
, them far above anything that any other pursuit
; could achieve for him. The episode of the con-
; quest of California has deprived him of a part of
j his expected honors; but that episode has had
the use, among other uses, of showing that a con-
summate military leader may be found in a modest
' lover of science, and in the person of a young man
| who places the honors of science above the fume
! of arms.
APPENDIX.
Chpy of Henry Km^s letter from California, March 'S'itk,
164o, postmarked Independence, Missouri, September 5tk.
C vmp on Deer Creek.
Upper California, March 30, 1846.
Dear Parents : I embrace this opportunity to write you
a few lines. I know not whether this will leach you, so I
will write but briefly, as I shall probably reach home at least
a month or so later than this will probably reach you, and
can then tell you of my trip; and then I shall ba apt to po. t-
pone it until the long winter nights, as I shall have some
very tough yarns to tell; bin true, nevertheless. I shall
merely, then, state now that I have enjoyed excellent health,
i notwithstanding a good deal of hardship. After leaving
I Bent's. Fort, we travelled at a pretty swift rate, and very
j soon the animals began to give out, (I rode down three
! horses from Westportto nearly the lower point of the Cor-
I dilleras rid«e of mountains.) Our imial raieot travelling is
; about three miles an hoffr, our horsps being kept in a pit tty
I fa-t walk. We faied very well in the wav of provision^,
! having plenty of game, as far as the Great Salt JLake, (it I
! except being without sugar and coffee forsomc three weeks,
: and al«o flour.) I «oon fell into the habit of making a hearty
! rn -al of meat alone, which will piobably *urpiisc von; nover-
! thcless, I always thought ot the hot i oils and coffee at home,
i At the Groat Salt Luke, the Captain, with five hunters and
| myself, started on an exploring expedition, taking our cyhn-
i der boat along—the lake is probablv one bundled and fifty
j mile* long, and fifty broad, with several laige islands—we
j forded ov.ir a portion of the lake, from the intoimation gath-
[ ered from an Indian—travelling about two miles? on a.solid
j salt ciust, with from three to five inchest of water on the top.
I The salt crust was the best imitation of ice that I ever saw.
! We had to travel through the brine about two miles to the
island ; and to our great sin prise, we found a large band of
antelope. IIow they got thoie is a uiyMoiy. We al>o found
two springs affrec'h water on one side of the island. The
next day, having rigged our boat, we embarked on the deep
with the intention ot sailing about ten miles to a large island.
A gale sprung up shortly after we left the shore. I was at
the helm, and also had hold of the sail, (or rather the tope.)
We soon found the boat perfectly at the mercy of the wind,
being flat bottomed. Luckily, one point of the island which
we darted fiom jutted out into the lake, and by shoiterimg
the sail, brought the boat within thirty yards of the point,
when two of the men jumped out (on a bar that run out) into
the water up to their .um-pit-, and hauted the boat ashore,
and we had to give it up We were three days upon the
inland, taking the height of the mountains, and beat nigs to
the various islands, and to the iidgo ot mountains on either
side of the lake. We then wont to camp again, and Mai rod
on our journey agam two days afterwards. In about two
weeks afterwards, the Captain, with seventeen men, started
out to explore the (so called) Great Desert, and the balance of
the party, of which I was one, came down Mary's nver, and
so aeioss'the country until we stiuck the Ooidilleras, and
running tho-e down to the point, halted to wait for the Cap-
tain. The Captain met Uhonceon the route at a place callcd
Trout Lake, after about twentv davs' tiavel, but started the
next morning again, and crossing the mountains above us,
sttuck on the Sacramento river, and down the valley of that
river to the settlements. On our tup fiom Salt Lake to
Trout Lake, (foot of the Sierra Nevada,) we were on short
allowance, even of meat, our only Mil^iMence; and when we
reached the Trout Lake, we had only two small cattle left,
and vorv poor andweuk. Those, then,bad to last our party
fiom Trout Lake to the point ot the mountains. A party of
tinrtv men, we soon used up our cattle, and had to resort
to ourold liorso and mules, which were vcrj poor and weak,
so much so that nil except our me«s (and two out of ouis—
the cook and one packer) were afoot for fwentydays before
we came to game; and after resting twenty da)s in the
mountains, (Sierra Nevada,) were again twentv-eigbt days
afoot, frequently without anything to eat, and often without
water. Whilst -we laid by in the mountains, we were once
four days without eating an> thins; and at another time,
three days. Mvhip bones becamc so «harp that I could not
sleep for several nights. We ate on the trip some twenty-
five horses and mules, many of them with miserable sore
backs, and seaicelv able to get along without anything on
them. We had a great treat on Chri-sfmasdav having then
been two days without anything, we killed a mule, and had
one hearty meal; and T can tell you there was rejoicing that
night. We laid by at the point of the mountains by the
Captain's orders, waiting for him lo come to us with pro-
visions—he expected to get there from the settlements be-
fore we did; but after crossing the mountains and coining
down the Sacramento to the settlements, and getting cattle
and flour.he attempted to take a shortcut across to head us
on the other side, but got into the snow and lost everything,
animals and all, and had to go back again on foot. We did
not know what had happened, and after waiting twenty
days, we rounded the point and got into the valley, and were
making our way up to the Sacramento settlements to see
what had befallen him, when we met two of hi« men going
to him from Captain Suter's fort- The Captain then was
near a town called Puebla, so we tacked about and travelled
southwest, crossing the coast mountain to the Puebla. We
then started on our route down the settlements, intending
to travel all over California; but when we got within sight
of Monterey, (thiity miles distant,) we were met by a couple
of Spanish officers with a pi oclaination of the Governor's,
(Castro,) ordering us out of California, and applying a great
deal of abusive language to our party; he threatened us
that in case we did not go, he would come with two hun-
dred soldiers and drive us out. Tue Captain sent him word
to come on. He came out next day with sixtv soldiers, and
made a junction Willi another detachment of* one hundred
and forty men. We waited quietly thiee days, (on the
mountain,) but he only fired his cannon at twelve miles dis-
tance. We waited for Castro three days, he would not
commence the offensive, and we were getting &hurt of pro-
visions and had to retreat. We are now camped at the head
, nearlyofSaciamentovalley,onourwaytoOregon. I think
i it very likely that we will leturn yet, and go down through
! California—peaceably if we can, forcibly if we must.
PAY OF THE ARMY.
SPEECH OF MR. T. PEREY,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1847.
In Committee of the Whole, on the Bill to increase
the pay of the Non-conmussioned Officers, Mu-
sicians, and Privates, of the Army of the United
States, and the Militia agd Volunteers m the
service of the same, and allowing them Bounty
Land in certain cases.
Mr. PERRY said:
Mr. Chairman: It is my intention to vote against
the original and amended bill in committee, and I
intend to support a substitute for both. And as
such a course might subject me to misapprehension
here, and misrepresentation elsewhere, I came to
the determination yesterday to stale briefly the
reasons that governed me. It is from no wish to
allow an inadequate compensation to our brave sol-
diers; on the contrary, it is my desire to make a
more ample and thorough provision for them, than
1 think will be effected either by the original or
amended bill.
The amount of public land which would be ap-
propriated by the original bill, as calculated by the
gentleman from Ohio, now in my eye, [Mr. Cum-
mins,] would take about ten millions of acres,
being in value more than ten millions in money, as
a bounty to our soldiers. The annual revenue
from the sale of the public lands averages about
three millions of dollars. If we give to our soldiers
ten millions of acres in two years, the average
revenue of three millions must necessarily be di-
minished, if not entirely absorbed for some years
to come. Thus diverting from the public use
that which all now legard as essential to elevate
and support the credit of the Government, and
which may impose upon Congress the duty of
supplying the deficit from other sources, either by
a direct tax, or a resort to a duty upon tea and
coffee; both of which alternatives I am averse to.
We have just passed a loan bill, and which is now
pending in the Senate, by which we propose to
borrow twenty-eight millions of dollars. And for
the purpose of aiding in its negotiation, we have
pledged the proceeds of the public lands. If we
pass the original bill, and give to the soldiers the
right to locate their warrants upon any portion of
the Government land—give them a right to locate
not less than eight millions' worth in two years
time—do we not, in effect, take the proceeds we
have pledged to give credit to the twenty-eight mil-
lion loan, and violate that engagement? Will we
not be " blowing hot and cold " at the same breath
—one day promising and engaging to pledge and
set apart a fund, and the next day destroying
the means by which that fund is to be accumula-
ted? Mr. Chairman, I cannot see in that kind of
legislation the wisdom and fair-dealing that ought
to characterize our national deliberations.
And I deem the amended proposition no less ob-
jectionable. It contains a proviso which would pre-
vent me from -willingly giving it my vote, that is,
to locate the bounty lands all in one district, here-
after to be designated by Congress. The same ob-
jection I made to the original bill applies as well to
this: the soldier must^ithin two years avail him-
self of his right. As 1 said before, not less than
eight millions of acres will be disposed of, and
that, too, within two years. If this amount was
to be brought into market, or settled by our citizens
migrating there, the result must be a serious in-
