1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army—Mr. Perry.
H o. of Reps.
jury to our revenues from the public domain. It
is admitted by all that we need every dollar we
can obtain, as well from the customs as from the
sale of our public land. The sale of eight millions
of warrants for land, or a settlement and sale of
that amount, would prevent sales by the Govern-
ment; and I hazard little in saying, that of the
three million?? anticipated not one-third of that sum
could be derived from such a source, and that the
passage of the bill will tend to the injury of our
national credit, and may drive the dominant party
of this House to a system of taxation or imposts
that the people may not be willing to bear.
It might be said the land warrants would not all
come into the market within the two years. This
I concede will be the case. But when we consider
that many of those who are to receive the warrants
were mechanics and professional men, few in com-
parison would settle on the land as farmers. They
must turn their warrants into money, or abandon
all ther previous pursuits to become agriculturists.
Allowing eight millions as the probable quantity
to be brought into market, the sales by the Gov-
ernment must of course be affected—must practi-
cally be locked up for a long time; and how the
revenue thus withdrawn is to be supplied, I leave
to gentlemen whose zeal for this measure, love of
public credit, and horror of taxation, has been so
often shown in this House. I object, besides, to
giving southern men bounty land in the North, or
northern men land in the South. They must either
go into a new region, (perhaps very much against
their will,) or sell their warrants. The amendment
allows them no alternative.
But experience proved the system as proposed
in the amendment of the select committee to be
wiong. I come from a region where bounty lands
had been located for the benefit of the immortal
Maryland Line. Thousands of acres had been set
aside for that purpose. I have the good fortune to
be part owner of from five to seven thousand acres
that had been designed by the Legislature of
Maryland for their use, and I believe there has
not been a single soldier who located on the lot
awarded to him, being (so far as I know) to them
totally valueless. Members of this House from
Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana, all say such has been the
effect in those States. The Government has, with
a prodigal hand, given them the public domain, and
it has only served to sharpen the appetite of the
speculator arid retard the improvement of the coun-
try.
In the memorable battle of Lundy's Lane, an
assault had been made under the brave General
Miller on the British line, in part by one hun-
dred and twenty-five men said to have been re-
cruited in my neighborhood, of which number
seventy, it is represented, had been killed. The
lands intended for these men descended to their
heirs; and I had been called on by some of them
in the duties of my profession to ascertain where
their lands lay; and I found they were in Arkan-
sas, a place to which they were unwilling to go.
Hence their warrants were of no practical value to
them.
It was mere mockery to make a parade of giving
these bounty lands to our soldiers: it would be of
no real benefit to them. The amendment com-
pletely defeated the purpose of the original bill;
and surely its advocates could not be sincere friends
of the soldier. If they were, they had a strange
way of showing it: he asked bread, and they gave
him a stone. I am for something like equality
and justice, and not for a species of reward which,
while it gave the western man living m the neigh-
borhood of the lands everything, gave to those
whose home was in the Eastern part of the Union
comparatively nothing. Did gentlemen expect
the East to be depopulated that the West might be
settled? Or must the eastern soldier be forced to
sell his lands for a song, and get a mere pittance
for all his toils? The speculator would get all the
good land, and the soldier would get next to noth-
ing. As a man from the Eastern part of the
(Jnion, I am utterly opposed to such a schemc.
One of the propositions (the original bill) if car-
ried out, will operate to the injury of the treasury,
and probably impose the necessity of taxation,
should the war continue, as many believe it will.
The other, (the amendment,) by allotting the land
to the soldier in a district necessarily far beyond
any of our States, and far in the West or South,
constrains me to urge gentlemen, as friends of a
healthy state of governmental and commercial
credit, and as the friend of the soldier, to avoid
the evil of the one and the gross injustice and in-
equality of the other.
There is another reason why we should be more
tender with our credit. There is now pending in
the Senate a bill by which ten regiments more are
proposed to be raised. .No one doubts its passage
and with equal certainty the necessity of calling
them to the field. Such being the case, our ex-
penses will be much increased, our resources will
be taxed to the utmost, until the contest between
us and Mexico is settled. Why, then, exhaust
our revenue? Why impose the necessity of sup-
plying the amount that will be absorbed by the
original or amended bill ? Why not be more pru-
dent, and give to the soldier something he can
esteem, and for which he will feel more grateful?
Why not give to the heirs of those who may die in
battle for their country, something that will be of use
to their immediate wants, and which may save them
from an appeal to the mercy and the cold charity
of the world, instead of resorting to that which
must render necessary new financial schemes, and,
as I have said, endanger our ability to meet our
money engagements, without imposing upon us
a duty to find out other sources of revenue, per-
haps compel a resort to taxes upon that which the
people will not approve? Mr. Chairman, this sort
of legislation is not such as the condition, and the
probable wants of the country, does and may re-
quire. We now want means. We want money,
(the sinews of war;) and wisdom, sound policy, and,
as I think, the good and prosperity of our country,
demands from us such a course of conduct as not
to render our ability to obtain means or money less
certain.
I am in favor of a measure such as has been sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.Vinton.]
I prefer to give the soldier, not land, but stock, or
a treasury note, such as is provided in the loan bill,
postponing the payment of the principal to some
remote period, taking enough of the proceeds*>f
the public land to pay the interest on the stock or
treasury note; and gradually, when the country is
at peace, to discharge the principal. This would
disappoint the speculator, for the stock or treasury
note would at once assume its par value. This
would leave a tangible substantial provision for the
widow and the children of the soldier who fell in
fighting the battles of his country; whereas, by
neither of the other modes can the helpless widow
and fatherless child avail themselves of that bounty
which should be more especially designed for them.
The latter would at once yield to them some aid
in their defenceless condition, while the other im-
poses burdens by taxation, and expenses for loca-
tion, which will make the gift a curse instead of a
blessing.
I hope, that from my objections to the bill and
amendments, it will not be thought I am opposed ;
to the war with Mexico. I am one of its warm- \
est advocates, and am ready to further its progress j
by all the means in my power. I am ready to '
grant the Executive all he could reasonably ask.
I have no doubt of the cause of the war being suf-
ficient, and I have no reason, thus far, to blush for
my native State or the American army. Our na-
tional character for bravery and skill has been ele-
vated before the whole world. In the other House I
of Congress, a distinguished Senator, (who was i
entitled to judge,) had said, that the martial fame [
we had acquired by the achievements of our sol- :
diers in Mexico, was worth to the nation more j
than all the war had cost. To this I most heartily j
respond. If will sustain the title of an American |
citizen, which is a passport throughout the world. |
We have commenced the war against what we
have supposed to be a handful of barbarians: we
have since found them a formidable foe; and now,
when that discovery is made, some gentlemen are
for stopping short and going no further. Such a i
course would dishonor our fair fame forever. We ;
must go forward; and if Mcxico still refuse peace,
we must conquer her or be disgraced. To eon- j
quer that people, I am ready to say to the Exc- |
cutive, ask what you will; I am willing to give
men, to give money; we must go on with the war, 1
and if nothing less will do, let us plant our victori- \
ous standards on the palace of the Montezumas. j
To stop now will tarnish our national glory. The 1
pride of the nation will be humiliated by so great
a misfortune. And I hazard little in saying, that
the national enthusiasm is such as to rebuke those
who are opposed to its further prosecution.
As a nation we have lost nothing in the battle-
field ; but as a Marylander I have much to be proud
of. At the battle of the 9th May, Ringgold and
Ridgely, natives of my State, and who need no en-
comium from me, were among the first in the ranks
of danger; andin thememorabiechargeofMay,(the
American Murat,) John E.Howard, aMaryland<£*,
was in the midst of those distinguished men who
charged in facc of the enemy's cannon; and he,
too, but a volunteer, with nothing to induce him to
join the fight but a love of glory, and that chivalry
which belongs to the name he bears. At the ever
memorable siege of Monterey, who was more dis-
tinguished than Captain Walker, whose birth place
was on the soil ofMaryland; in every trying crisis
his genius was relied upon—his was courage that
was unsurpassed. His brilliant achievements has
excited the admiration of the nation, and in a short
time he has risen from the ranks as a private in
the army to that of an officer, and now has com-
mand of a company The first man that set his
foot within that city was a Marylander. " His-
' tory has immortalized Mutius, a Roman soldier,
' who, to give proof of his courage, laid his right
{ hand on an altar of burning coals; and told his
'enemy, Porsenna, that three hundred Romans
1 like himself, had conspired against his life. Por-
{ senna, awed by this extraordinary manifestation
' of courage, yielded to terms of peace." With no
less courage and chivalry, Hart, an humble ensign
in the battalion of Baltimore volunteers, who wa
the bearer of his country's flag at Monterey, and
which had been presented to his company by the
patriotic ladies of the monumental city, after hav-
ing his right arm, which bore the flag, cai ried away
by a cannon ball, seized (he banner with his left
hand; and, disdaining suffering, carried the fidg
through the battle, and waved H in triumph over a
victorious fight. If the Roman is worthy of a
name m history, so should the name of the gallant
Marylander be handed down to corning time. Yes,
let a monument be erected to the patriotic devotion
and valor of him whose life, dear as it is, was not
too dear for his country's honor.
By the valor of our citizens in the battle-fields
of Mexico can be seen the courage and patriotism
of the Maryland Line: that spirit which matte them
the most formidable of the Revolution, has descend-
ed to their sons. That daring courage which led
them to victory lias characterized their efforts in
every fight—wherever danger is, you see them
in the midst, performing deeds of valor that would
reflect glory upon veteran soldiers.
Yet the exultation of my State over our victories
and the noble chivalry of our troops, is not wholly
unmingled with sorrow. The names of Ringgold
and Watson have been embalmed in the love and
tears of the Monumental City. The generous citi-
zens of that place have demonstrated a love for their
patriotism, and done that which proves they can
esteem their memory, their bravery, and skill.
Nothing I can say can add to their fame; they will
live in all that perpetuates the memory of man on
earth—" history."
I believe the American people are in favor of a
vigorous prosecution of this war, and that they
would be disappointed by a suspension of hostili-
ties, or a quiet withdrawal of our troops; and to
do either would inflict a violence upon public opin-
ion that would debar from power and place its ad-
vocates. I am for pressing the war, until a treaty
is made by which money or territory shall be se-
cured to us, to pay for losses our people have been
subjected to by the violence and outrages of the
Mexican nation, and our national character sus-
tained and upheld in the eyes of the nations of the
earth. I repeat, that to stop short in our career of
victory will not only be unexpected to the pub-
lic, but will increase the insolence and iniquity
of the semi-barbarians of Mexico. And to live on
terms in future with those people, it is necessary
to teach them that we are as courageous in war as
we can be and have been forbearing in times of
peace. To go back, to sheath the sword, will
not only stimulate them to a repetition of wrong,
but will be construed into an incapacity to carry
on an offensive war, and close effectually the doors
of reconciliation. I believe the wish"of the Ameri-
