124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan: 19,
Cong*....2d Sess.
The Meodcan War—Mr. £kartes J. IngersolL
Ht>; of Reps.
ean people is to bring about a speedy peace. We
should desire it: our interest and-political success
are identified with it. With peace, the arts and
sciences advance: the happiness and welfare of
society are guarded. War is a calamity to any
nation. Nothing but imperious necessity should
induce a resort to it.
We have done much to-avoid an appeal to the
ewordv, frequently has the olive-branch been offer-
ed, and as ofteivhas it been rofused. Our Ministers
hive been sent-there with overtures of peace, and
with insults have Been returned- home. In the
month of February-, 1837, President Jackson ad-
vised Cbngress in relation to the claims due us,
&o., and said, that having in vain urged upon that
Government the justice of those claims, and his
indispensable obligation to insist that there should
be no further delay in the acknowledgment, if not
in the redress, of the injuries complained of, his
duty requited that the whole subject should be pre-
sented to the action of Congress, whose exclusive
right it was to.decide on the further measures of
redress to be employed. The length of time since
some of the injuries have been committed; the re-
peated and unavailing applications for redress; the
wanton character of some of the outrages upon
the property and persons of our citizens, upon the
officers and flag of the United States, independent
of recent insults to our Government and people by
the late Extraordinary Mexican Minister,—would
have justified, in the eyes of all nations, immediate
war.
During the last session of Congress, a gentle-
man, who had investigated our grievances with
much care, reported to this House, in relation to
the injuries we had received from that nation,
" that petitions, memorials, and remonstrances,
« from individuals and bodies of men—the victims
4 of Mexican outrage—crowded the archives of our
i departments and the Journals of Congress. The
i official correspondence of Secretaries Clay, Mc-
( Lane, Livingston, Forsyth, Webster, Upshur,
* Calhoun, and Buchanan, with the American
4 Ministers in Mexico; numerous letters fiom con-
i auls there; the annual and special messages to
' Congress, are filled with complaints of Mexico.
4 Reports- from Committees of both Houses of
' Congress, presented the 3d July, 1836, by Mr.
* Clay; the 19th February, 1839, by Mr. Buchan-
4 an; tne 1st July, 1838, by Mr. Howard and Mr.
' Cusfflng; and on the 10th of August, 1841, by
'Mr. Rives; besides various resolutions laid be-
' fore Congress, among the rest one by Mr. John
4 Gtuincy Adams, of the 19th February, 1838,—
' attest an incessant series of wrongs unredressed,
i menaces and forbearance to put them in force,
4 ever since the United States have had commercial
4 or diplomatic intercourse with Mexico. Con-
11 vulsed, distracted, impoverished, that republic,
4 the prey of successive military usurpers, laid
4 violent hands on the citizens of this country and
4 their property, and promising atonement, violated
4 nearly every promise with barbarous perfidy."
►Such, Mr. Chairman, are a few reasons for our
complaints against this unfortunate country; and
yet the Executive, to avoid the effusion of blood,
and to unite them to us in the bonds of friendship,
has from time to time, before and since the declara-
tion of war, proffered an amicable adjustment of
all matters of difference; and those offers, in a spirit
that has always characterized her conduct towards
us, have been met only in unqualified refusals.
Surely we can do no more; the world will not
expect us to fold our arms and brook national in-
sults in silence, and witness violations of treaties
without a murmur. The cup of forbearance has
been filled, and as they have appealed to the sword,
they must abide the results of the sword—and my
word, the stars and stripes will triumphantly
wave over every battle-field.
And though I have very strong objections to
laying a tax upon tea and coffee, yet if even this
were indeed absolutely indispensable to the carry-
ing on of this war, even this I would yield to the
exigencies of the country. It had been proposed as
a peace measure: it was not needed as a war meas-
ure. The members of the House know thatat the
last session, when the country was not in need of
revenue to sustain its credit or to prevent the war,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. McKay] reported a bill in which a duty on
those articles was proposed. It was then asked for
as a revenue measure and as belbnging to the finan-
cial system, that has given that gentleman [Mr.
McKay] so much notoriety. I at this day cannot
see how a duty on tea and'coffee could act as a
panacea for all the monstraus evils whicli have
been predicted. The amount which the Secretary
says will be needed' to carry on the war, will be
about twenty-one millions; and'he has estimated
the extent of" revenue which can arise from tliis
duty to Be about two and a half'millions, which
sum dfeduet from the amount needed, and you leave
klill unprovided for about nineteen millions; which,
if the advocates of this duty are right, will be sub-
ject to the same difficulties that exist as to the
twenty-one millions; and if the latter sum can-
not be obtained without the duty, I cannot see
how the nineteen millions were to be had; and if
further legislation is necessary to secure so large
a part of what we want to prosecute the war, I can
see no good reason why the whole should not abide
the same result. In addition to this, I would sug-
gest whether the time in which the Secretary of
the Treasury wanted the duty has not passed, and
now (if the Secretary is right) the imposition of
such a duty would be of little or no practical use.
Mr. Walker says:
" This dutv, however, would be rendered nugatory, in
part, for several years, unless it were imposed during a very
early period of the session, and to go into effect at a tirrn;
not later, if possthle, than the lstof January next. Between
that date and some time early in the spring, large importa-
tions of tea, and to come extent of coffee, arc brought into"'
the country, and ought to be subjected to the duty, in order
that revenue should be raised from such imports. If this is
not done, and the duty is to go into operation at a much
iatei period, the tax will operate as an enhanced puce to the
consumer, without producing a correspondent revenue."
The first of January has passed, and to tax those
articles now, in the language of the Secretary,
44 would be rendered nugatory." We have failed
to impose it during an early period nf the session,
and prudence would dictatc to us the propriety" of
seeking another mode of replenishing the public
purse.
JThc remarks I have made are the result of but
little preparation. I speak as I feel. My princi-
ple object is to secure a proper reward to our sol-
diers. I do not wish to see them mocked by fair
flourishing words, about giving: them a home for
their families, and at the s.imc time leaving them a
prey to the vultures of speculation. I want to give
them monev, or money's worth; and not to ruin
the credit of the country bv diverting the revenues
of the public domain. And if the proposition
which T wish sustained cannot command strength
enough to secure its passage, I will then vote for
that measure by which the most equitable distri>
bution of the public lands among our soldiers can
be made; and next to an issue of stock or treasury
notes, my choice is the original bill. And if it
shall pass, I will then wait for the development
of that policy by which the public credit is to
be sustained, which policy I hope will secure my
cordial support, as I am anxious to give my aid
to all reasonable projects by which the credit and
honor of my country is to be maintained.
NOTE.
At the last session of Congress I voted against
the tariff act of 1846, mainly upon the ground that
the duty on coal and iron was too low. Since then,
the Secretary of the Treasury, in response to a res-
olution of the Senate of the United States, admits
that an increase of duty on those articles of ten per
cent., can be imposed for revenue purposes. He
says that it may be increased upon coal, iron, and
other articles, by which the duty may be augment-
ed to the total amount of $1,408,000.
These admissions I consider a justification of
my course, and confirmatory of my views. 1 was
and am in favor of the increased duty on coal and
iron, by which wc can get control of additional
revenue to sustain the credit of the country. I
believed when the act of 1846 was under consider-
ation, that the duty on coal and iron was too low,
and urged its increase at the time of its passage.
I cannot consent, as now advised, to a duty of
25 per cent, on tea and coffee, while an increase on
coal, iron, and other articles, can be made. My
judgment dictates a duty on the latter as an alter-
native; and I do not doubt that the cool and dis-
passionate opinion of my constituents will sustain
such a policy.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. C. J,. INGERS01L,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 19, 1847.
On the Resolution reported by him from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs for printing five thou-
sand extra copies of their Report of last session
on the Mexican war.
After, in a few words, disposing of that resolu-
tion—
Mr. INGERSOLL proceeded to say, that he
welcomed the attack begun by Mr. Davis, and fol-
lowed up by other members, censuring the Ad-
ministration for the war; and, at one time, even
intimating impeachment of the President for it.
Unless the Administration Ccin be vindicated from
that attack, it will not be able to carry on the war.
As one of their party, Mr. I. said, he desired no
stronger issue for the polls. Public judgment, as
well as feeling, are decidedly with those having in
charge the honor snd character of the country in a
conflict with a foreign enemy. As a party man, I
much prefer the war issue to that of the tariff, on.
which, in Pennsylvania, and some other States,
we are by no means so strong; or the constitutional
treasury, against which a thousand banks, with
troops of innumerable retainers, brokers, master
manufacturers, merchants, and lawyers, perhaps
the bench and some of the church, with inveterate
prejudices and selfish apprehensions, are all in
arms against us. The war is our strength to carry
us through, if we carry it through manfully and
successfully, and, with it, to save the reformed
tariff and reformed treasury from danger. At the
same time, the war is a novel experiment in Ameri-
can politics. A foreign war, a war of invasion,
even though in self-defence, when waged two thou-
sand five hundred or three thousand miles from
the seat of Government, is a novelty, not only
in American annals, but in the history of the
world. Caesar carried on no such extent of con-
quest, nor Napoleon; Alexander alone, if even
he, sought enemies at such a vast distance from
home. They, moreover, carried their Govern-
ment with their persons. Our officers are under
orders from Washington to subdue enemies two
thousand miles from here in Mexico, three or
four thousand miles* in California. I shall briefly
submit some views of the subject, with unfeigned
deference to better judgments, but which I have
carefully considered before intruding them on Con-
gress and the country.
In this country alone is the war-declaring iacuity
a legislative power. By our Constitution, to de-
clare war is a granted and complete power; popu-
lar, federal, sovereign, and exclusive. No State*
has any right to meddle with it. to declare or make
war, except in one contingency, which shall be
noticed as I proceed. The war-ioagingf or con-
ducting power, is necessarily Executive, exclusive
and sovereign, under control of the Legislature.
Honorable gentlemen, particularly Mr. Sciienck,
and, if I am not mistaken, also Mr. Hilliard,
have fallen into the total error, that our republican
sovereignty is less absolute than regal sovereignty.
That is a total misapprehension of the constitu-
tional authority in these United States, both to
make and declare, and, by their President, to wage
or conduct war. Upon this subject let me refer to
the Madison Papers, page 433-4, and page 140.
On the clause " to make war"—
"Mr. Pixckney opposed the vesting this power in the
Legislature. Its proceedings were too slow. It would meet
but once a yeai. The Hou&e of Representatives would he
too numerous for such deliberations. The Senate would be
the best depository, being more acquainted with foreign
affairs, and most capable ot pioper resolutions. If the Stales
aie equally r'-piescntcd in the. Senate, so as to give no ad-
vantage to the large States, the power will,notwithstanding,
be safe; as the small have their all at stake, m such- eases,
as well as the large States. It would be singular for one
authoritv to make war, and another peace.
"Mr."Butler. The objections against the Legislature
he, m a great desjree, against the Senate. He wa*iorve&t-
ing the power in the Pri sident, who will have all the requi^
site qualities, and will not make war but when the nation
will support it.
uMr. Madison and Mr. Gfrky moved to insert 'declare,'
striking out 'make' war, leaving to the Executive the power
to repel sudden attacks.
" Mr. Sherman thought it stood very well. The Execu-
tive should be able to repel, arid not to commence, war.
