]847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLW.
125
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr.
Charles J. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Rapg.
c Make' i=> better than c dcclarethe latter narrowing the
power too much.
" Mr. Gerry never expected to hear, in a republic, a mo-
tion to empower the Evoeuuve alone to declare war.
<* Mr. Ellsworth. There is a material difference be-
tween the cases of making war and makmgpeace. Itsliould
b e more easy to get out of war than into it. War, also, is a
simple and overt declaration; peace, attended with intricate
and secret negotiations.
'£JVIr. Mason was against giving the power of war to the
Executive, because not safely to be trusted with it; or to the
Semite, because not so constructed as to be entitled to it.
He was for cio^in?, rather than "facilitating war; but for
facilitating peace. He preferred 4 declare' to 'make.'
'•'On the motion to insert 'declare' instead of < make J it
was agreed to—
« Connecticut,* Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, ay—8. New
Hampshire, no—1/ M-ass>achusettH, absent.
44 Mr. Pinck.ney-'s motion, to vtnke out the whole clause,
wa5? disagreed to, without call of States.
Mr. Butler moved to give the Legislature the power of
poacp, as they wore to linve that of wru.
'HWr. Gerry seconds him. Eight Senators may possibly
exercise the power, if vested m the body, and fourteen, if all
should be present; and may, consequently, give up part of
the flmted States The Senate arc more liable to be coi-
rupted by an enemy than the whole Legislature.
•s On the motion for adding ' and peace' after' war,' it was
unanimously negatived."
Congress declares war, and the President wages
it with the power and means conferred on him by
Congress. In all which attributes, both the legis-
lative and the executive are as absolute and plen-
ipotentiary as any sovereign in the world. .Not
the Russian Autocrat or Turkish Sultan, nor Na-
poleon in full culmination of his stupendous bel-
ligerent attributes, were more sovereign than this
Government in this solemn war. Republican sov-
ereignty is as omnipotent as monarchal: and this
is one of those granted full powers by the American
people and States, conferred on this Federal Gov-
ernment, which induced the chief magistrate of
most genius—Jefferson—to pronounce this the
strongest government in the world. Such it cer-
tainly is, in any popular war. Our act of Con-
gress of the 13th of last May gave poiver and com-
mand to the President, whether as chief magistrate
or commander-in-chief, indeed as both, to prose-
cute the existing war: says that act—to prosecute it,
that is, to pursue it, to carry it on, to use every
and command all means to wage it; that act fur-
ther directs to a spetdy and successful termination.-
Accordingly, on the same day, the 13th of May,
184t>, the President issued his executive proclama-
tion—(Laws of last session, page 284)—8'proclaiming
4 the same to all whom it may concern, enjoining all
4 persons to be vigilant and zealous in discharging
'the duties incident thereto, and exhorting the
* good people of the United States, as they love
4 their country, as they feel the wrongs which
4 forced on them the last resort of injured nations,
4 and as they consult the best means under the
•blessings of divine Providence, of abridging its
* calamities, to exert themselves in preserving order
4 and promoting concord, maintaining the authority
4 and the efficacy of the laws, and m supporting
* and invigorating all the measures which may be
4 a-dopted by the constituted authorities for obtain-
4 ing a speedy, a just, and an honorable peace."
Thus war was declared, proclaimed, and to be
waged, by one small word of only three letters,
but big with immense significance. And I claim
the honor of suggesting the indispensable neces-
sity of that little word as part of the bill, when the
measure was discussed,the Sunday evening pre-
ceding its enactment into a law by a few members
of this House and the Senate met together on the
exigency, one of whom [Mr. McKay] I now see
near me. War was put into the preamble and
into the bill, with no ideaof forcing an unpalatable
averment on the party opposed to this Administra-
tion; just the contrary. There was every dispo-
sition and inducement to conciliate and unite them
with us, in which we happily succeeded, for only
fourteen votes in this House, and hardly one, if
any, in the other, were cast against the war act of
the 13th May*, the alacrity and despatch of whose
instantaneous enactment wereasignal manifestation
of national representative energy, and of nearly
unanimous feeling on the subject throughout this
wide-spread republican empire. A noble and in-
structive act! Only fourteen members of Congress,
representing not one million of people, opposed it,
" Connecticut voted in the negative; but on the remark
by Mr. K.i>fo,ttiat<{?ymAe,>war might bo understood to "con-
duct" it, which was an executive function, Mr. Ellsworth
gave up Ins objection, and the vote was changed to ay.
when voted by acclamation by the Representatives
of twenty millions—twenty to one. X presume to
throw no blame on the dissentients, none at all.
They did as they thought proper in a free country.
But nearly all its people, bond and free, by their
Representatives in Congress assembled, acclaimed
with instant and earnest welcome the Executive in-
formation to us that war existed in feet, and should
be forthwith declared in solemn form, according to
our constitutional rites, in order that the Mexican
invaders might be repelled, chastised, and con-
quered. Scarce a sla-ve or a freeman, woman, child,
or citizen, of this broad land, but declared war,
and ordered its rapid prosecution to speedy mid suc-
cessful termination.
Impeachment, which has been faintly talked
of, is, said Somers, (the great author of the first
j "Bill of Rights,.) like the sword of Goliah, to be
! kept in the temple wrapped in the linen ephod, not
| to be brought out but on the most trying occasions.
I Yes, and it is a two-edged sword, too, for the Presi-
| dent would have been much more obnoxious to
i impeachment for hesitation or disobedience to this
j act of Congress, than for any such preceding step
| to meet and repel hostilities, as has been imputed
i to him without foundation.
We are at war with Mexico; and what is that?
Nations know no other arbiter but the sword or
compact. Every nation, therefore, has a right to
resort to force as the only means of redress for in-
jury from another nation, as individuals would
have if not restrained by law. Each nation has
also the right to judge for itself of the injury and
the redress, and to ^pply the remedy of national
force to national injury. Accordingly, have mem-
bers of Congress pondered what, representing
twenty millions of people in this nation, they did,
by their declaration of war? They put an army of
fifteen thousand regular troops, fifty thousand of
three hundred thousand volunteers, rushing,ail has-
tily armed and equipped, from homes of luxurious
prosperity to distant warfare, a reserve of more
than two millions of militia, money enough to sup-
port these forces, loans, taxes, regiments of rifle-
men, companies of sappers and miners, pontoniers,
and a much larger naval force than the navies of
Great Britain and France combined—all these vast
means, with implements ot destruction innumera-
ble, our act of Congress put at the President's dis-
posal, and ordered him to wage war with them,
and more yet if needed. Are honorable gentlemen
aware that every timber-head of the two millions
and five hundred thousand tonnage of these United
States—its whole and entire navigatingfaculties, by
sail or steam, sea, lake, and river—are all, all put
at the President's disposal, with sovereign com-
mand to use them in hostilities against Mexico?
The eighth section of the act of Congress declaring
war enacts that the President is authorized forth-
with to complete all the public armed vessels, and
to purchase or charter, aim, equip, and man, such
merchant vessels and steamboats as may be found fit,
or converted into armed vessels for the public ser-
vice, (fee.
With these immense materials of war, to be
prosecuted speedily and successfully, 1 ask, what
was our minister, the chief magistrate, executor of
the national will, what was he to do ? What could
he do, but strike the enemy wherever vulnerable ?
President Polk's war! 1 deny it. It is my war;
it is your war; it is the war of these United States;
all represented in Congress assembled. It is our
act—the act of the minority, too, of the four-
teen members voting against it, if majoiities lule
and minorities arc bound by lav/. It is the act, a
solemn and signal act, of the whole country. Never
was an act more so, passed almost by acclamation,
] almost unanimously, without hesitation or delay,
"j We pulled the trigger; we applied the match; and
; it is now impossible to stop the ball but by desert-
I in^ our guns, and flying fiom the enemy. There
1 is no other option—no alternative but disgraceful
; retreat.
| And everybody knows where we pointed the
j gun, when we filed it off—we all know what we
I aimed at. Mexico has no ships, no commerce,
j riot a sail, not a rag afloat. We ordered the Piesi-
j dent to continue and enforce the blockade o-f all her
ports on the Atlantic and Pacific, and take and
hold as many as possible of them everywhere.
We are all delighted when any of them are cap-
tured—mortified and vexed by any delay or failure
to take them. We reinforced our regular army;
by doubling its number, and adding thirty thou-
sand volunteer leviesto it—for what? To stop and
garrison Texas? to loiter and sicken on the banks
of the Bravo ? No. We were nearly all indignant
at General Scott for saying that our -invasion of
Mexico should-be deferred till September. We
were out of all patience with General Taylor "fo?
not sooner crossing the river—not hastening his
march to Monterey, to SaHillo, to San Luis de
Potosi. We justly and universally admired Gen-
eral Kearny's brilliant, perhaps mrexampled, expe-
dition over New Mexico to California. The whole
country cried out to our navy to blockade and cap-
ture; to our armies under Taylor, Kearny, and
Wool, to advance, to invade, to capture towns, to
overrun provinces, and, in short, wage war in
Mexico.
I refer again to the Madison Papers, page 140,
for Roger Sherman's opinion of the executive duty
to enforce an act of Congress. Mr. Sherman said he
considered " the executive magistracy as nothing
more than an institution for carrying the will of
the legislature into effect; that the legislature is
the depository of the supreme will of the society,
as they were the best judges of the business that
ou?ht to be done by the executive department."
For war is ubiquitous. Once declared, says
Bacon, "after the indiction, it is no longer con-
fined to any place, but at large." War, as often
waged, is a theme Of copious lamentation; and so
it should be. Rut what the old women of both
sexes are given-to deplore as the calamitiesof war,
where hav*e they been yet felt in these hostilities
with Mexico? Never was this country more pros-
perous or so powerful as at present. Its triumphs
so far over Mexico have been admirable lessons
to her, and manifestations to the world, that the
policy of all nations is peace with these United
States; and that Europe will be wise in seldom
rousing that mart,ml spirit which, though it slum-
bers long and forbears much, is never dead in the
American people. Without counting an inch of
territory acquired, we have gained more, much
more already, than indemnity for the past, and
security for the future. This war is the infallible
prelude to lasting and prosperous peace, as was the
much more trying war of 1812.
But wars of invasion and conquest are said to be
unjust and odious—said so by those wly^have
lived upon them, man and boy, (so to s[MUt)—
those nations which have lived upon wars of in-
vasion and conquest, for ages past, and are now
subsisting on their conquests, won by invasions.
Our case is not so indefensible^ War against
Mexico must needs be waged by invasion and con-
quest; there is no other way to peace. But I mean
to show unanswerably that all parties in the Uni-
ted States, all Administrations of this Government
since Mexico ceased to be a Spanish province,
have united in the policy of getting from her by
fair means precisely those territories which, and
which only, she has now constrained us to take
byforcc; though even yet, we are disposed to "pay
for them, not by blood merely, but in money, too.
For the purpose of this demonstration, let me re-
call attention to the history of our Mexican rela-
tions, as proved by the documents I hold in my
hand, and will submit to all candid men. Espe-
cially do I respectfully invite the attention of our
Whig opponents, to measures of great and wise
American policy, begun twenty-three years ago by
Whi£c statesmen, and steadily pursued ever since
in the face of this whole country, and before the
world. President Polk's official inheritance was
the American policy of, first, excluding European
encroachments from this continent; and, secondly,
extending the dominions of the United States in
Mexico.
First, let me read a noble declaration of inde-
pendence uttered by President Monroe in 1833,
reasserted by President Adams in 3826, welcomed
by all Americans, not relished but not resisted in
Europe, and become the settled policy of our Gov-
ernment
! " [fr.n attempt bv force Had been made by allied Europe
; to subvert the liberties of the couthem. natrons on this con-
tinent, and to erect upon the ruins of their free institutions
monai chical systems, the people of the Uuki'd Slater would
have stood pledged, m the opinion of their ftxtcutive, not
' to any foieien skate, but to themselves rtnd to their poster-*
ity by their "dearest interests and Inchest duties, to rerist, to
i the utmost, such attempt."—President i/idums%s Message (o
