126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 19,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Charles J. lngersoil.
Ho. of Reps.
G^ngressj 30th March, 1826; H^T. Doc. No, 142,1st sess. 19i/i
Qm$.
When Texas, from an independent nation, con-
descended to become one ot these United States,
we all know that the two greatest maritime powers
of the world, Great Britain and France, resisted it
almost unto war. They were literally in thefald
against us, to prevent that great consummation;
and never was national sympathy, invincible re-
publican attachment and brotherhood—to which
alone we owe, under Providence, the annexation
of Texas as a State to this Union—never was the
inbred and invincible love of republican kindred
and institutions so wonderfully manifested. Eng- ,
iand and France were in the field—by flood and j
field, sea and land—to prevent it. Mr. Pakenham, j
long British minister in Mexico, was sent here, j
Mr. Bankhead, once British minister here, was
sent to Mexico. Captain Elliott, the British, Mr.
Saligny, the French, ministers in Texas, were all
but m arms to mar the union, as they openly and
loudly forbade the bans. Vessels of war, English
and French, plied between "Vera Cruz and Gal-
veston. Protests, protocols—all that diplomacy,
in its most urgent proceedings, could effect—in
fact, much more, no doubt, than we know of—was
done to keep Texas from us. At the same time,
large numbers of our most influential statesmen—
Mr. Gallatin, Mr. Van Buren, Mr. Clay—de-
nounced the union with Texas as war with Mex-
ico. Mr. Polk, nevertheless, persevered, and
annexation was consummated.
It would have been without war, but for Euro-
pean interference, encouraging Mexican hostility,
and perhaps their reliance on the Opposition here.
Two motives encouraged Mexico to brave us, and
to plunge herself into war: firot, she expected aid
from England and France, in winch she has been
totally disappointed; and, secondly, she had
learned that Presidents cannot make or declare
war, but that Congress alone has that power.
From President Q,uincy Adams to President Polk,
all the Presidents had been complaining and threat-
ening, but could do no more, as Mexico well
knew. When her officers seized English prop-
erty, or violated English persons, it was a word and
a blow. Mr. Pakenham brought the Mexican
- Government to capitulation at once; for he could
strike us well as threaten, and almost as quick.
Wher^France was ill-treated, the King's gallant
pon stSrmed St. Juan d'UIloa, and Mexico sub-
mitted atonee: for nothing is more unfounded than
the supposed obstinate invincibility of that country;
on the contrary, its Government and people have al-
ways, nnd tamely, submitted to English and French
power, not to mention a long series of submission
to a long dynasty of miserable military usurpers
of their own; and they will crouch in like manner
to us, whenever, instead of making war like peace,
as we too long made peace like war, we put the
iron heel of war upon their neck, and make them
feel that Congress, though Presidents can only
bark without biting tilt Congress act—that Con-
gress and President together can conquer peace as
well as declare war.
It is neither my place nor policy to complain of
President Polk's anxiety for peace. It is a natural
and laudable anxiety. Nor will I doubt that his
suffering (if he did) Santa Ana's return to-Mexi-
co was justified by knowledge of circumstances.
Jackson associated the pirate Lafitte and his band
with our brave defenders of New Orleans. But I
trust that henceforth peace will not be our watch-
word. Its renewed overture last summer, under
circumstances of which I am uninformed, should
be oar last tender. 1 fear that these advances have
no tendency for the furtherance of peace. For
one, I shall always believe that the President's
annual message, last December, would have an-
nounced the terms of peace, if we had waged war,
from Us declaration in May, with all our might
and with all our hearts, without thoughts of peace,
except as the fruit of war. From first to last, our
only way to peace has been the prosecution of snc-
ce&fid war. Withdraw your squadron from our
coast, said Paredes, and we did so. Withdraw
your army from our borders, not to the Nueces,
hut. beyond the Sabine. I will try to show how
Paredes1 lieutenants on the Bravo—Arista and Am-
pudia—should have been confronted, as the best,
if not the only way, to prevent, by crushing in the
bud, the hostilities Paredes, Arista, and Ampudia,
were suffered to mature from the city of Mexico
to Texas. When Mexico passed the Rubicon,
we should have crossed the Bravo.
But before I take up that part of the subject, let
me premise an authentic and indisputable view of
the duty which the act of Congress declaring war
imposed on the Executive, as to the much ques-
tioned, much misrepresented, and, probably, much
misunderstood, invasion of Mexico, and territorial
acquisitions which the President seems to have
aimed at. I have said that he inherited from his
presidential predecessors the high, imperious obh
gation of protecting the soil of this continent from
the further tread of European encroachment. That
was the Monroe position of 1823, sustained by his
immediate successor, Mr. Adams, who, as Mr.
Monroe's Secretary of State, had contributed to
that bold but wise defiance by a prudent position—
prudent, as it mostly is, to take an early and reso-
lute stand on right at the first threat of a hostile
assault; taught by Tasso, that—
" Beset by danger and with toils opQrcss'd,
The boldest counsels often prove we best."
Let me say of a Chief Magistrate less respected,
perhaps, than he deserves to be, that Monroe was
a wise, patriotic, and prudent, thoroughly bred
statesman, who, in announcing what at first seemed
to be perilous defiance of "Europe, took a stand
both prudent and well timed. That position Pres-
ident Polk has most effectually maintained. The
Texas controversy, at all events, has forever re-
lieved us of European interference in exclusively
American continental affairs.
But with that position was intimately connected
another, which likewise Mr. Polk inherited; and
he would be worse than impeachable of high crime
and misdemeanor—would be contemptible, despi-
cable—if he did not enforce: that is, an extension
of the territories of this republic. It has-been the
settled policy of every Administration, since Wash-
ington began it by Indian conquests, which all his
successors have pursued to this moment. Jeffer-
son signally developed it, by the acquisition of
Louisiana; Madison, by part of what is now Ala-
bama, and an attempt to take all Canada; Monroe,
by annexing Florida, the most costly of all our
territorial aggrandizements; Mr. Adams's Admin-
istration, with Mr. Clay as Secretary of State, con-
ceived the wise plan of acquiring Texas by pur-
chase, for which purpose negotiations with Mexi-
co were set on foot as soon as that Administration
began. Those experienced, and, by the large par-
ty now disposed to condemn Mexican conquest,
approved statesmen, are entitled to the honor
which I award them of perceiving that the Sa-
bine is a dangerous boundary for these United
States on the Gulf of Mexico, and that it must be
carried to the Bravo, beyond the vast wilderness
on the east side of that great river, by which nature
has established the territorial demarcation between
the North American and Mexican races. The
Bravo was the boundary of Louisiana, till, by
the treaty of Florida, unwisely brought up to the
Sabine in a treaty with Spain, to which Mexico
succeeded; and the statesman who, as Secretary of
State, negotiated that treaty, [Mr. Adams,] made
it one of the earliest and most earnest endeavors of
Ills Administration to restore the limits on the
Bravo instead of the Sabine. Such was the con-
stant effort of his Administration, and the settled
public policy of eveiy succeeding Administration,
till that of Jackson, always marked by great
strokes, endeavored, besides Texas, to acquire a
new boundary on the Pacific as well as the Gulf
of Mexico, which, running through New Mexico
to California, would give us San Francisco, Mon-
terey, Guyamas, and other important ports on
the Pacific Ocean, essential, if not indispensable, to
the development of American commerce and navi-
gation. This will appear beyond contest by the
documents 1 hold m my hand, and to which I have
time by our limit only to refer by their dates and
numbers, but shall incorporate at large in whatever
publication of this view may be made. These
documents are authentic facts of our history, pro-
ving that acquisition from Mexico by conquest is
no more than the substitute which she herself has
forced on us for acquisition of the very same terri-
tories by purchase, when we much preferred pur-
chase to conquest—always preferring to pay in
money rather than blood, as we are slill willing to
add money to blood, and combine purchase with
conquest as the basis of peace fair, and favorable
to both parties, to the war which Mexico has in-
sisted on instead of a peaceable profitable sale.
I refer to the printed Executive Document No.
42, of' the first session of the twenty-fifth Con-
gress: Mr. Secretary Clay's letter to Mr. Poinsett,
then our Minister in Mexico, dated 26th of March,
1825:
" Some difficulties may possibly hereafter arise between
the two countries i'loin ihy hue thus ngieed upon, against
which it would be advisable now to guard, if practicable ;
and as the Government ot Mexico may be supposed not to
liave any disinclination to thu fixation of a nea) hve, which
would prevent tho>e difficulties, the Pje-idertt wishes >ou
to sound it on that subject, and to avail youtselfof a favor-
able disposition, if you should find it, to effect that object.
The line oj the Sabine appionches our great western wart
nearer tlui'n could be unshed. Perhaps the Mexican Govern-
ment may not he unwilling to establish that of the Rio Bra-
sot de Did, or the Rio Colorado, or the Snow Mountains^or
the Rio del Nvrle, in lieu of it- By the. agreed Jin.-, portions
of both the Red liver and branches of the Arkansas, aie
thrown on the Mexican side, and the navigation of both
those rivers, as well a* that of the Sabine, is made common
to the respective inhabitants of the two cotintues. When
the countries adjacent to those waters shall come to be
thickly inhabited, collision and misunderstandings may arise
from the community thus established, in the use of their
navigation, which it would be well now to prevent If the
line were so altered as to throw altogether on our side Red
river and Arkansas, and their respective tnbutary streams,
and the line on the Sabine were removed further west, all
causes of future collision would be prevented. The Gov-
ernment of Mexico may have a motive for such an alteration
of the line as is here proposed, in the fact that it would have
the effect of placing the city of Mexico neater the centre of
its teuitories. If the line were so changed, the greater part,
if not the whole, of the powerful, warlike, and tuibulent In-
dian nation of the Cumauches, would he thiown on the
side of th« United Stales; and as an equivalent for the pro
posed cession of terntor}, they would stipulate to lestrain,
as far a< piacticable, the Cnmanehes from committing hos-
tilities. a id depredations upon the terntoucs and people,
whether Indians or othenvise, of Mexico."
Extract of a letter from. Mr. Clay to J\Ir. Poinsett,
dated March 15, 1827.
" The fixation of a line of bouridai v of the United States on
the side of Mexico, should be such as to secure, not merely
ceitamty and apparent safety in the respective limits of the
two countries, but the consciousness of freedom fiom ail
danger of attack on either side, and the removal of all mo-
tives tor such attack. That of the Sabine bungs Mexico
nearer our great western commeicial cap'nil than is desira-
ble ; and although we now are, and for a long tune may re-
mam, perfectly satisfied with the justice and modeialion of
fmi ncighboi, still it would be better for both putties that
neither should feel thathe is in any condition of exposure on
tiie iprnoie contingency of art alteration in existing friendly
sentiments.
" Impressed with these views, the President has thought
the present might be an auspicious period for urging a nego-
tiation, at Mexico, to settle the boundary between the terri-
j tones of the two republics. The success of the negotiation
j will ptobably be promoted by throwing into it other motives
' than those which strictly belong to the subject itself. If we
j could obtain such a boundary as we desire, the Government
• of the Umtid Slates might be disposed to pay a reasonable
pecuniary consideration. The bonndaiv which we prefer, is
that which, beginning at the mouth of rho Rio del Norte, on
the sea, shall ascend thatrivei to the mouth of Rio Puerco,
thence, ascending tins river to its soume, and from its
source, by a line due north, to *ttike the Arkansas; thence,
following the course of the southern bank of tiie Arkansas
to us source, in latitude forty-two degrees north, and
thence, by that paiallel ot latitude to the South Sea. The
boundarv thu-= described, would, a<eotdmg to the United
States Tanner's map, published in the United States,
have Santa F<5 within the limits of Mexico, and the whole
of Red river, or Rio Ro\o, and the Arkansas, as far up as it,
is probably navigable, within the limits assigned to the Uni-
ted States. If that boundary be unattainable, we would, as
the next most desnable. agree to that of the Colorado; be-
ginning at its mouth, in'the Bay of Bernardo, and ascending
the liver to its source, and thence by a line due noith to the
Arkansas, and thence, as above traced, to the South Sea.
This latter boundary would piobably also give us the whole
of the Red river, would throw us somewhat farthei from
Santa F6, but it would stuke the Arkansas possibly at a nav-
igable point. To obtain the first described boundary, the
President authorizes von to offer to tiie Government of Mex-
ico a sum not exceeding one million of dollars. Ifjou find
it impracticable to proeme that line, >ou aie then autho-
rized to offer jor tho above line of the Ooiotndo, ike sum oj five
hundred thow-and dollars. If either of the above offers should
be accepted, you may stipulate for the payment of the sum
of money as you may happen to agree, within any period
not ies^ than three months after the exchange at the city of
1 Washington of the latification of the treaty.
| " Should you be able to conclude a ti«rity, it will beneces-
saiy that it should contain a stipulation foi the mutual right
' of navigation of the Rio del Norte or the Colorado, as trie
i one or the other of them may be agreed on; and for the ex-
ercise of a com irion junsdiction over the river itself. Tho
treaty may also provide for the confirmation o( all bona fide
grant-* for lands made prior to its date, with the conditions of
which there shall have been a compliance; and itmay con-
tain a provision similar to that in the Louisiana and Florida
treaties, for the incorpoiation of the inhabitants into the
Union as soon as it can be done consistently with the prin-
ciples of the Federal Constitution, and for their enjoyment
of their liberty, property, and religion.
" There should also be a provision made for the delivery of the
country to the United States siinultavieoasly, or as nearly so as
