1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
practicable, with the payment of the cowMeralwn. Weshouid
bp satisfied with a sunender of possession at that tunc, as lar
as the river line extends, (the Del Norte or the Colorado,)
arid to receive the residue as soon as the line To the Arkan-
sas can bo traced, winch the tieaty ought to piovide should
be done without unnecessary delay, and, atall events, before
a future day, to be specified."
Such were the efforts of Mr. Adams's adminis-
tration to obtain Texas. We next come to Gen-
eral Jackson's administration.
Mr. Van Bureti to Mr. Poinsett.
" Department op State,
" Washington, August 23, J 829.
" Sir: It is the wish of the President that you should, with-
out delay, open a negotiation with the Mexican Government
for the purchase of so much of the province of Texas as is
hereinafter described, or for such a part thereof as they can
be induced to cede to us, if the same be conformable to
either of the localities with which you are heieuiat'ter fur-
nished. Tne President is aware of the difficulties* which
m^be interposed to the accomplishment of the object in
view; but he confidently believes that the views of the mat-
ter which it will be in youi power to submit, and the pecu-
niary consideration which you will be authorized to piopose,
will enable you to effect it. He is induced, by <t deep con-
viction of the real necessity of the pioposcd acquisition, not
onlv as a guard for our western frontiei, and the protection
of New Orleans, but also to secure forcvei to the inhabitants
of the valley of the Mississippi the undisputed and undis-
turbed possession of the navigation of that uvei, togethei
with the belief that the present moment is particularly favor-
able for the purpose, to lequest your early and unremitting
attention to the subject.
" The territory, ot which a cession is desired by the United
States, is all that part, of the piovmce of Texas which lies
east of a line beginning at the Gulf of Mexico, in the centrc
of the deceit or Grand Fiairie, which lies west of the Rio
Nueces, and is represented to be nenily two bundled miles m
width, and to extend noith to the mountains. The proposed
line following the couise ot the centre ot that deseit or piai-
rte, north, to the mountain«, dividing the waters of the Rio
Grande del Noite from those that run eastward to the Gulf,
and until it strikes our present boundary at the foity-second
degiee of noith latitude. It is known chat the line above
described includes the Spanish settlements of La Balua and
San An ton i a de Bexar, comprising all the Mexican inhabit-
ants oi the province, and this mav furnish an objection to
so extensive a cession. If, from this circumstance, the oo-
jection should be made, and you find the Mexican Govern-
ment disposed to cede any poition of the territory in question,
you are authorized to agree to any one of the following
lines, regarding those farthest west as preferable. The sec-
ond proposed line commences on the western batik of the
Rio de ia Baca, wheie it discharges itself into Matagorda
Bay. and continuing up that rivei on the western bank
thereof to the head of its mnt-t westerly branch ; thence due
noith until the line shall stnke the Rio Colorado; and thence
up the Colorado river, on the western bank thereof, to the
head of its principal stream; thence by the most dnect
course that will mteisect our line at the fortv-secood degice
of north latitude, and include the head-wateisof the Arkan-
sas and Red rivers.
"The third proposal may be a line to commence at the
mouth of the Rio Colorado, where that river empties itself
into Matagorda Bay, and on the west bank thereof, to con-
tinue up thatiiv* i to the head of its puncipal stream; and
thence by a line drawn from tne hi ad of its principal stream
so as to intersect our present boundary line at the forty-
second degree of north latitude, including also the head-
waters last mentioned.
"The la-t pioposition may be a line to commence on the
Gulf of Mexico, ot the mouth of the Rio Brasso* de Dios,
and on the westerly bank of that liver, to pursue The eomse
of that river up to the head of its most westerly branch, by
the west bank thereof; and from the head of that branch
of the river by such a course as will enable us to intersect
our present line at the point already indicated.
"In the event of adopting either ot the propositions which
establish the mouth of the La Baca river, or the mouth of
the Colorado rivei as the boundary, it must be stipulated
for an extension of that line due south from the mouth of
the river to the Gulf of Mexico.
"The preceding boundaries are as definite as, with the
materials in the department, 1 have been able to make them.
It is, nevertheless, probable that they may be greatly im-
proved by a more accurate knowledge of the localities of
the country. It is submitted to youi discretion to make
puch alterations as shall appear to you to be clearly bene-
ficial to the United States.
"The boundary at present assumed by Mexico is deemed i
objectionable as well on the ground of its alleged uncertainty
as for reasons of a different chaiacter. Itis lepiesented to
us that of the two streams which empty into the Sabine Bay
through the same channel, the one farthest west is the most
considerable, and may, with reason, be claimed to be the
one referred to in the treaty. The distance between them
although only four miles where they enter the hav, at some
places approaches to one hundred. That thure is much
ignorance of the localities of the province, and consequently
confusion and ciror in the maps of it which are extant, is i
ceitain. Whether the repiesentations which have been
made^upon the subject to tins Government be founded in
truth, or are the suggestrons of interested individuals to sub-
serve particular views, remains to be seen; but this is not
the only nor the strongest objection. The Sabine is a very
inconsiderable stream, and only navigable bv small crafts.
The bay i=? shallow, and neither if nor the river can ever
become the seat of sufficient commerce to authorize the
establishment of a custom-house or other public agency in
its vicinity. Without such establishment, it is impossible
to prevent that frontier from becoming the seat of an exten-
sive system of smugghng.alike injurious to the true interests
of both countries. The lands east of the Sabine are, for the
most part, and to a great extent, so poor and so effectually
cut off from commercial facilities, that they never can re-
ceive or sustain a dense or even respectable population. It
is mainly to that cause that the objectionable character of
its present inhabitants is to be attributed. The frontier,
therefoie, as long as it remains such, must continue to be
what it has heretofore been, a receptacle foi smugglers and
outlaws. In addition to tne disadvantage which mu-«t result
to the United States from their dependence on such a popu-
lation for the protection, in the first instance, of their bor-
der, the present state of things is well calculated to create
incessant difficulties and bioils with the citizens of the adja-
cent parts of Mexico, who, owing to the superiority of their
soil, a.nd the greater commercial advantages that belong to
that side of the river, will naturally be more numerous and
ot a more respectable character, Theie may not be cause
for much apprehension from this source at the present day,
or for a short time to come; but in &o grave a matter as the
arrangement and the establishment of a boundary between
independent nations, it becomes us to look into futurity.
Thus viewing the matter, it is far from visionaly to see in
the present condition of things the germ of future discon-
tents, which may grow into national complaints and heart-
burnings, and perpetually foster and inflame a spirit of jeal-
ousy, to which our neighbor* aie already too much inclined.
" By yielding to the United States a portion ot Texas, the
Mexican Government will not only be icheved from the ex-
pense ot its several garrisons in that country, but will secure
a protection to then own tcnitorv, bv interpo^ingthe United
States between the Indian-, and then' eastern fiontu r, which
i*; their exposed fiont. The Cumanches have lutheito con-
fined their expeditions to the eastern side of the Rio del
Noite, and no apprehension is felt on the west tide of that
river; for,in addition to the extent ot desert to cross, befoie
they can reach the western settlements, there is also a uver
of great width, with a rapid current, to overcome. There
is another consideration, of much intrinsic weight, which
may be urged, if reference to it would not, in your judg-
ment, give cause of offeuce. Being on the spot, and fully
conversant with the feelings of those who constitute the
Mexican Government, and with cunent events, jour judg-
ment as to the effects Jikely to be produced by what is said
oi proposed upon this subject, is mod to be depended upon.
The unsettled state ol the Mexican Government is too well
known to be disguised. -The successive revolutions to which
it h is already been exposed attest the fact; and the dangers
which threaten it from the intrigues, if not the open hostil-
ities, of Spain, are of a character which cannot be legal ded
with indiflerencc. This consideration, with many others
that might be stated, but which jour knowledge of circum-
stances will readily suggest, expose her extended confeder-
acy to the hazard of dismembeunent. It will readily be
admitted, by hei well-informed men, that in such an event,
the tir t successful blow would most probably be strut k
m Texas. Although the reparation of that territory for a
limited period would not be of much importance, still the
probable effect of the example could not fail to be highly
detmnental. A state of things which renders so disastrous
an event possible, not to sav probable, deceives the serious
consideration oi that Government.
" The line proposed as the one most desii able to us would
constitute a natuial separation of the le^ouices of the two
nations. It is the centre of a countiy uninhabitable on the
Gulf; and (on the mountains) so difficult of access, and so
poor, as to furnish no inducement for a land intercourse ;
and, of course, no theatre for those differences that aie
almost inseparable from a neighborhood of commercial in-
terests. It corresponds with the habitual feelings of the
people of Mexico, and with the avowed policy of the Mexi-
can Government, by causing a wide sepaiation and difficul-
ties of intercourse between the inhabitants ot the two coun-
tries, and by pieventmg those excitements and brckeiings
invariably pioduced by the contiguous operation of conflict-
ing laws, habits, and interests. The commercial establish-
ment which would be forthwith made at the Nueces, and
in its vieimtv, would enable us to preserve, in a great degree,
the morals of the inhabitants of both sides, by the preven-
tion of smuggling; and the Mexican Government, by thus
respecting the ical interests of the United States, without
actual prejudice to its own, would affoid the strongest evi-
dence of thatspirit of friendship by which the United States
have always been influenced towards it, and which should
even charaetejize the conduct of neighboring republic*.
" The President does not desire the ptoposed cession with-
out rendering a just and fair cquivalentfor it. He therefore
authorizes i/ou to offer to the Mexican Government for a ces-
sion according to the first-mentioned boundary, a sum not ex-
ceeding four millions of dollars ; and so strong are his convic-
tions of its extent value to the United States, that he mill not
object if you should find it indispensably nccess>-iy to £0 as high
as five millions. You will, of couise, consult the interests
of the United State?, by obtaining the cession (if it can be
obtained at all) upon terms as favorable and for a price as
low as piacticable, regarding the sum above stated only as
the maximum amount to which jou are authorized to go.
Should you find the Government of Mexico unwilling to
pai t with as laige a port^n of their terntoiy as would be in-
cluded in the fust-mentioned bounds, hut disposed to cede
a less quantity, you will, m such case, endeavor to obtain
a cession, agreeable to some one of the boundaries above
described, urging them in the order of prefeience before
stated, and stipulate to pay therefor a sum which, estimating
five millions as a fair compensation foi the largest extent
proposed, would be «i proportionate equivalent for that which
is ceded.
" A credit of three or four years, bv annual and f qua! in-
stalments, upon an interest of six per centum, would be
prcfened; but if necessary, you may stipulate for the pa\-
ment of the money within four months, or some other rea-
sonable time after the exchange of the final ratification* of
the treaty and the delivery of the possession of the ceded
territory The latiflcation mu-t be required to take placc
on the part of the Mexican Government before the treaty is
submitted to the Senate of the United States for its ratifica-
tion on our part.
" I have already stated, that the present moment is regard-
ed by us as an auspicious one to secuie the cession; and will
now add, that there does not appear to be any reasonable ob-
jection to its being embraced, on the score of delicacy, or from
any appiehension that, in doing so, we would give offence
to the Government of Mexico. Nothing would be more ad-
verse to the feelings of the President than to give that Gov-
anient reason to believe that he is capable of taking advan-
tage of their necessities to obtain from them any portion of
the Mexican territory, the cession of which would impair
the true interests or commit the honor of that country.
" The comparatively small value of the territory in question
to Mexico, its remote and disconnected situation, the unset-
tled condition of her affairs, the depressed and languishing
state of her finances, and the still, and at this moment par-
ticularly threatening attitude of Spam, all combine to point
out and recommend to Mexico the policy of parting with a
portion of her teiritory of very limited and contingent bene-
fit, to supply herself with the means of defending the residue
with the better prospect of success, and with less onerous
burdens to her citizens. It is for the Federal Government
of Mexico,if they appiove of the policy of doing so, to judge
of their constitutional power to make' the cession. It is
believed that no doubt could exist on that point, if the con-
sent of the State of Coahuila were obtained; and if the views
we take of the tiue inteiests of the lepubhc of Mexico aie
not founded m error, it is supposed that such consent would
not be withheld.
" Should you be able to conclude a treaty, and either of
the rivers herein mentioned be agieed upon as the boundary,
it will be necessary thru it should contain a stipulation for
the mutual right ot navigation, and for that of common juns-
diction over the nver itself. The tieaiy may also provide
j for the confirmation ot all bona fide grants ot land made pi lor
• to its daf). \ our situation m Congress must have made
I you sensible of the embarrassments and difficulties under
which the United States have labored from frequent appli-
cations for the confirmation of titles to lands in the territories
heretofore ceded to them, m cases in which the original
conditions of the grants had notJbeen complied with. It is,
therefore, desirable that the stipulation, on the pait of the
United States, to confirm giants previously made, should he
limited in terms moieexphcit than heretofore used, to cases
m which the conditions of the grants have been fully com-
plied with, whenever the time for such compliance shall
have expired.
" The treaty may also contain a provision similar to that in
the Louisiana and Florida treaties, for the incorporation of
the inhabitants into the Union, a^> soon as it can be done
consistently with the principles of the Fedeial Constitution,
and for the enjoyment of then liberty, property, and religion.
It will, of course, contain astipulation for the delivery of the
countiy to the United State', simultaneously, oras nearly so
a-may be piacticable, with the payment of the consideia-
i tion.
j " This despatch will be dehveied to you by Colonel An-
! thony Butlei, of the State of Mississippi. Colonel Butler
j has made lmnself well acquainted, by actual examination,
I with the terntoiv m question, its streams and localities. In
; the belief that he deserves your confidence, and that he
may be useful to you m the negotiation, by supplying you
with facts which might not othei wise be withm your leach,
he has been instructed tooberveyour directions in icgatd to
his stay at Mexico, and his agency m the matter whilst
there.
" A full power, authorizing you to negotiate and cotieludc
a treaty, as stated above, is herewith transmitted to vow.
"I have the honor to be, with great respect your obedient
servant, «M. VAN BUKEN.
" Joel R. Poinsltt, Esq., Envoy Extraordinary end
"Minister Plenipotentiary U. S. to'Mexico."
We are doomed to listen from lime to time in
tins Hall to much small wit and pointless sarcasm,
on progressive democracy, and 'manifest destiny. The
documents I have referred to prove, at any late,
thcit progressive democracy in this aggradizement
began with eminent, statesmen, leaders of the Whig
party; and that manifest destiny is no more than
democratic sequel of their lead. Alexander Hamil-
ton was the only American statesman, perhaps,
who, sixty years ago, foresaw these vast but
natural and providential extensions of American
dominion. The next stride we shall see, is to
the shores of the Pacific. Mr. Adams, Mr. Clay,
and Mr. Van Buren, having long labored for
Texas, Jackson's instinctive sagacity led him much
fuither—to the magnificent acquisition which is
broached m the following letter from Mr. Secre-
tary Forsyth to his Mexican Minister, Butler,
dated August 6, 1835:
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Butler.—Extract.
"Dkparimlnt or State,
" Washington, ^u%uit 6, 1SS5.
"Sir: It having been represented to the President that
the port of St. Francisco, on the western coast of the United
Mexican States, would be a most desnable place of icsort
foi our numerous vessels engaged in the whaling business
in the Pacific, far pieferable to any to which they now have
access, lie has directed that an addition should be made to
jour iiifti uetion« jelative to the negotiation for Texas. The
main object w to secure within our limits the whole bay of
St. Fiancisco. It you can induce the Mexican Government
to agree to any line which will effect this, you are autho-
nzed to offer a sum of.    in addition to the sum
you were directed to offer for the fust line mentioned in
j your original instructions upon the subject. You are to
' endeavor first to obtain the following boundary, which is
considered the most eligible t
" Beginning at the Gulf of Mexico, proceed along fhe
eastern bank of the Rio Bravo del Norte to the Unity-seventh
parallel of latitude, and thence along that parallel to the Pa-
cific- jh
