130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 96,
Congw...2B SESS.
Bounty Lands—Mexican War—Mr. Pollock.
Ho. of Reps.
ties cited by Mr. Webster in the argument which
the court adopted> and their express opinion, aref
that during the British occupation their government
exercised ail the authority, civil and military; estab-
lished their own custom-house, which certainly
-was a dispossession of ours, and a substitution of
their authority in all things.
It is contended, however, that inasmuch as mere
military conquest or occupation is but temporary
and provisional, awaiting the confirmation of trea-
ty or legislation, therefore our military and naval !
officers had no right to change civil institutions, j
which even thePresident himselfcannotdo; but the j
whole must await ulterior governmental action. In I
theory, at least, it is so. The Senate or Congress !
must eventually determine whether to restore New j
Mexico and California to Mexico, or to retain and |
regulate them. But are our officers blameable for '
introducing; our laws there instead of the Mexican !
anarchy? The orders from both the War and Navy !
Departments look to ultimate ownership, it is said. I
Probably so. After so many offers to purchase ■
those territories, and twenty years negotiations for j
them, it could hardly be otherwise. Yet it rmist j
be conceded that the orders of both departments j
are cautiously and inoffensively expressed* and are |
obnoxious to no blame. If any blame is due, it j
must fall on the officers for excess. And can we !
blame them with justice ? Hurried off, as the ships
of war were to California, long before hostilities,
and as Kearny's admirable expedition of nearly a
thousand miles in tifty days was instantly, on the
occurrcnce of war, with knowledge that New
Mexico and California have long been sought by
our Government, were those agents of it disobe-
dient when—they did what*—no more than intro-
duce our laws among a half civilized people whom
they had every reason to believe were soon to be
Americancitizens. If they had bwn Indians,should
our commanders have left them in the full exercise
of every barbar ^us usage? Do we not always civ-
ilize, humanize, and reclaim vanquished savages?
And how much arc the few straggling vagabonds
of California, or the not much more numerous
civilized half-breeds of New Mexico, superior to
savages? Slothful, superstitious, brutish people,
sprinkled over great spaces, can they he injured by
representation, toleration, bills of rights, justice
without bribery or cruelty, jury trial, and personal
liberty? Are our governments, a«i Mr. Hiu.iard
intimates, disparaged before the world by their offi-
cers propagating civil and religious freedom among
the heathen?
The law of nations, for which the time-serving
Vattel is relied on, what is it 3 Which are the
nations that acknowledge itrK Contiguous, popu-
lous, homogeneous Europe, where might is right,
may find some international code convenient. But
Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay, whose measures in
our Mexican relations I have cited, appointed a
mission to Panama, in order to reform that code,
and establish an .American law of nations. When
Cortez conquered Mexico, should he have suffered
the Mexicans to persevere in their dreadful idola-
try, to put all prisoners to death as sacrifices to
their infernal gods? The Sultan has built a free-
school on the ruins of the barracks where his
father exterminated the Janizaries. The Pope
propagates liberal institutions. Shall the more
sneered at than iustly censurable progressive De- !
mocracy of this hemisphere, this country, m many
respects outstripped by European reform, halt at
extending the area of freedom on our own conti-
nent? If our troops should be withdrawn from
New Mexico and California, the good they have
already done there is worth a war by the meliora-
tions introduced.
Wars, as too often cause£ and conducted, are the
greatest calamities and scourges; but, thus waged,
they are stripped of nearly all their evils and "ter-
rors. If our most censurable violation of Vattel*s
iaw of nations consist in giving free institutions
to ignorant, barbarous, and degraded people, the
offence will be more than venial. If Mr. Polk's
Admnistration be chargeable with nothing worse
than its orders to Commodore .Stockton and Gener-
al Kearny, and those gallant, generous command-
ers' execution of their orders, the darkest page in
its annals will be bright with humanity, improve-
ment, and reformation. On a former occasion, I
alluded to Mr. Polk's good fortune—his star. In
the tariff reform, how fortunate lie has be^n ! In
the currency reform, too! Never was the currency
of this country on so solid a basis, as since the en-
actment of the constitutional treasury, which, in
spite of stupid and inveterate prejudices, is work-
ing, like freer industry, a sure establishment in our
habits, liking, and respect. And the Mexican war,
what are its mighty evils ? Agriculture, commerce,
manufactures, navigation—which of them suffers?
which is not flourishing5 Frequently long wars are,
and I repeat, calamitous to mankind. But Occasional
national conflict is in the order of God's providence.
Is there any portion of this country which would
now give back Texas or California? if the Presi-
dent were so inclined. Will any humane or rational
being find fault with our officers introducing self-
government in Mexican territories ?
" Who overcomes
By fore.?, hoth overcome but half his foe."
Let it be the boast of our arms, when challenged
to conflict, that theirfirst use of victory is to improve
not only the ways of war, but those of peace, too,
by mild, tolerant, and beneficent laws.
BOUNTY LANDS—MEXICAN WAR. 1
SPEECH OF MRTJAMES POLLOCK,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
January 26, 1847.
On the Bill granting Bounty Lands to Soldiers.
Mr. POLLOCK, having proposed amendments
to the bill granting bounty lands to soldiers, ex-
tending the provisions of said bill to the officers and
soldiers who served in the campaigns against the
Indians under Generals Clark, Harmar, St. Clair,
and Wayne, afid to the widows and children of
those who were killed in battle, or had since died;
and also to the officers and soldiers of the late war
against Great Britain, who had served six months,
and been honorably discharged; and to the widows
and children of those killed in battle, or who had
since died, &c., rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: The bill now under considera-
tion is one ofgreat importance, not only on account
of the principles it involves, but the effect it may
ultimately produce upon the credk and revenue of
the country. Its importance results, not only from
the increased cxpendituie of money that will be
requhed, by increasing the pay of the soldiers, but
from the hu-go quantity of land it proposes to be-
stow m the form of bounty. At this time, and un-
der the present organization of the army, and with-
out the addition of another soldier, eight millions
of acres will be required to carry into effect the
provisions of the bill. This amount of land must
be tak«n from the public domain—from the land
now in market, and subject to entry; for I presume
no gentleman on this floor would seriously pro-
pose to give to the soldier, as a bounty, land lying
in territories hereafter to be acquired, or which is
now claimed by Mexico. The public lands have
for years been, and are now, a source of consid-
erable revenue to the United States. The revenue
from this source, in consequence of the issue of the
land warrants provided for in this bill, must and
will he diminished. But, sir, this bill, and all or
any of its provisions, cannot and will not be "so
injurious to the revenues of the country, as other
bills now upon our calendar, in relation to the pub-
lic lands; and which will, in all piobability, be
passed by this House before the close of the ses-
sion: I refer to the bill graduating and reducing
the price of the public lands, and the preemption
bill. I will not now discuss the respective merits
of these proposed measures. I can only charac-
terize them generally, as bills to reduce the revenue
from the public, lands; to despoil the public do-
main; and to placc the marketable lands of the
nation at the disposal, an-d under the control, of
speculators and landed aristocrats. Sir, if the sa-
cred trust vested in the United States, by the sev-
eral States ceding these lands, is to be violated by
the General Government; if the puHic domain is
to be despoiled by our acts of legislation here; I
desire, before that happens, to save, at least, a
small portion of it from the hands of the spoiler,
and bestow it upon those whose bravery and gal- 1
lantry merit the reward. What better disposition j
can \v« make of a portion of our immense territory,
than by bestowing it upon those who have fought
the battles of our country, or who are now engaged
in the wars of our republic? This reward will be
alike honorable to the giver and the recipient of
our bounty.
Notwithstanding the increased expense which
this bill will impose—notwithstanding the large
quantity of land it will require—I wilt vote for it.
I am in favor of the bill, and it shall have my sup-
port. I will also vote for, and urge the adoption
of the amendments I have had the honor to pro-
pose; and I now ask the House, in the spirit of
patriotism, to vote for and sustain them. I have
prepared and offered these amendments, because I
believe, that while we do justice to those who are
fighting our battles now, we ought not to forget
the services of those who in other days poured out
their blood like water, in defence of our country
and our liberties, J would not have our country
unmindful of those who fought and bled in her de-
fence, in the dark days of Indian warfare—of ripen
who left the comforts of home, and all the endear-
ments of friends and family, to meet the horrors
of a warfare more terrible than that now encoun-
tered in Mexico—of men who have periled all, to
guard the hearths and altars of our frontier inhabit-
ants from the murderous knife and tomahawk of
the ferocious savage. Sir, I am anxious to in-
clude in the benefits of this bill, those who fought
and fell in the bloody campaigns of Clark, St.
Clair, Harmar, and Wayne. There is no period
in the military history of our country so full of '
real and thrilling interest, as that which marked
the campaigns of these distinguished generals; or
in which more true patriotism, magnanimity, and
courage, have illustrated our annals, or adorned
the character of the American soldier. It is true,
our armies under Haimar and St. Clair were not
successful; but although they were defeated by a
more wily foe, those campaigns proved how ready
our brave citizen soldiers were, at every hazard,
and at every sacrifice, to defend their country.
| Their conduct in defeat demonstrated their cour-
| age, and proved to our enemies that a day of fear-
! ful retribution was not far distant. That day
) arrived, when, on the 20th of August, 1794, the
I gallant Wayne, one of Pennsylvania's sons, and
| of whom she is justly proud, near the Rapids of
' the Miamis, routed the savage hordes, and com-
pelled them to sue for peace. The victory was
complete and decisive; and its results of incalcu-
lable advantage to the great valley of the West.
Peace was restored—the war-whoop no longer
struck terror to the hearts of our defenceless coun-
trymen-—and from that hour the prowling savage
retired before the onward march of civilization.
It is for those who survived those dark and bloody
days, and for the widows and children of the gal-
lant men who died in the service of their conntry,.
or who have since gone down to the grave, that I
have prepared and offered the amendments to this
bill.
I cannot see, Mr. Chairman, upon what princi-
ple, gentlemen, who are in favor of the bill as re-
ported by the committee, can reject these amend-
ments. If it is ri^ht to reward brave and patriotic
services rendered in the present war, why not those
rendered in a former, and still more bloody war?
I need not refer to the details of those memorable
campaigns, or to the master-spirits in those trying
scenes. Their names and their memories cannot
be forgotten. Among others equally gallant, the
name of General George Rogers Clark is and ever
will be dear to every western and southwestern
man. It does not, it is true, blaze on the page of
history; but posterity will do him justice. Ken-
tucky hails him as one of her brightest sons, and
his memory will be cherished by the descendants
of thousands rescued by his arm from the brutal
horrors of savage cruelty. I am not disposed to
honor his name, and the names of other illustrious
men, by a legislative vote of thanks merely, how-
ever honorable that may be; but I would give a
more substantial proof of the gratitude of their
countrymen. And if those who fought with them
have gone to an honored grave, let their surviving
widows feel that the country remembers and ap-
preciates their services; and if side by side with
the departed so.dier sleeps the wife of his bosom,
then, sir, let tneir children learn that they belong
to a country tnat knows how to honor the dead,
and reward the living.
