1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Bounty Lands—Mexican War—Mr. Pollock.
Ho. of Reps.
I will not attempt to detail the appalling; scenes
of the war upon our western frontier. They are
such as thrill every heart; and even their distant
remembrance yet fills the breast with horror. We,
who aie now living in the full enjoyment of the
blessings of peace, can but faintly realize the situa-
tion of our border settlers—of helpless women and
children, when the war-whoop waked their slum-
bers in the dead of night, and they were compelled
to fly for their lives, through a wilderness illumined
by the flames of their own dwellings. What, sir,
is the value of those services, by which peace and
security were restored to a wasted and bleeding:
border? The changed condition of the scene best
answers the question. It is to provide some slight
acknowledgment of such services, that I have offer-
ed the amendments. If those who have fought and
bled for us in Mexico are worthy of honoiable
remembrance—and we are providing rewards for
them and their families—why should the claims of
those who fought upon our own soil be permitted
any longer to sleep in forgetfulness ? Let us do
justice, while it*is yet in our power, to those whose
oravery we admire, and whose heart's blood has
won for us the peace and security we now enjoy.
But, sir, I will not stop with the remembrance
of those who have toiled or fallen in our Indian
wars. There is another class, equally meritori-
ous, who must not be forgotten. I refer to the
' men who, in our late war with Great Britain, both
volunteers and militia, encountered the soldiers of
the proudest and most powerful empire in the
world—men who met the veterans of Welling-
ton and defeated them, and who, upon the blood-
stained fields of Chippewa and New Orleans,
taught their countrymen how to conquer.
I design, sir, to cast no reflections upon the bra-
very or the services of our soldiers in Mexico;
nor is it my purpose to embarrass the passage of
the bill. My object is to do equal and exact jus-
tice to all. Let us give the same reward to those
who served us m the war of 1812, that we pioposc
to give to those who are now in the military service !
of the country. Why should it not be done? What
principle of policy or justicc forbids it? The sol-
diers of our revolutionary war and their widows
have been provided for, and those that yet remain
with us are now in the enjoyment of the bounty
bestowed by the Government. These soon will
pass away. The It/si soldier of our revolutionary
struggle will soon breathe his last prayer for
the happiness of his country, and sleep with his
fathers. Never was a bounty more properly
bestowed, and never was a bounty more richly
deserved.
But, sir, what provision have we made for those
who served us gloriously in the war of 1812? "What
reward have we bestowed upon them for their no-
ble and gallant services? There is no law upon
your statute-book for the relief of any but those
"who were wounded in battle or disabled in the ser-
vice of their country. You have your invalid pen-
sion roll, and you even dole out your charities
sparingly to those whose names are to be found
upon it. What other provision has been made
f or those who faithfully served during this period r
None, sir, none. Their claims have been neglect-
ed, or forgotten. Not one acre of land has been
granted, or one dollar voted for their relief. Is
this right? Is this impartial justice? Is it reward-
ing with equal favor, the equally deserving? Ought
we not now to provide something for the gallant
spirits who have fought upon many a blood-stained
iield, and who in the dread hour of battle stood
undaunted against the disciplined forces of the
most powerful nation of the earth ? If *these men
now fill an honored grave, let their widows or their
children reap the fruits of their labors, and enjoy
the bounties of their Government. Let us do jus-
tice to each and all—now and at all times.
The bill now under consideration proposes an
increase of three dollars per month to the pay of
the regulars and volunteers. The pay at present
received is seven dollars per month. This is but
asmall compensation for men who leave home and
comfort behind, and go to endure the toil and pri-
vation of a camp—expose their health and lives in
a foreign clime, and encounter the pestilential va-
pors and noxious exhalations of the swamps and
marshes of Mexico, a land where u the pestilence
walketh in darkness, and destruction wasteth at
noonday." The proposed increase, under these
circumstances, will not be deemed extravagance.
At home, but few would be willing to give a
month's labor for that pitiful sum. 1 will, there-
fore, vote to increase their pay, and give to the toil-
worn soldier, deprived of the ordinary comforts of
life, something that may relieve his wants, and chcer
him in his onward course of duty and of danger.
As -this subject is intimately connected with the
present war with Mexico, I will avail myself of
the privilege of the Committee of the Whole cm
the state of the Union, and say a few words upon
that question. The existing war is the great and
absorbing question of the day. Other questions,
important in themselves, and deeply affecting our
internal policy, have been laid aside, or lost in the
excitement attendant upon a state of war. Al-
though, Mr. Chairman, I have heretofore voted
supplies of men and money for its prosecution, I
do not hold myself responsible for the war. I do
not intend to examine the causes of the war, nor
will I now discuss its origin, nccessuv, or progress.
I will not attempt to determine the question, wheth-
er " war exists by the act of Mexico," or by the
act of our own Government. It is enough for
my present purpose that war exists. At a proper
time, when freedom of thought will not be a enme,
or freedom of speech treason, I may refer more at
length to the important questions which this sub-
ject involves. Whatever maybe my own views
of the propriety or impropriety of a public discus-
sion of the justice or injustice of the war, I fully
enough, in both branches of the Legislature, to
thwart the evil designs of those who would prosti-
tute the power of the Government to unholy pur-
poses; and I cannot but hope that peace—honorable
peace—upon principles of justice, will yet crown
the triumph of our arms, and that the ultimate
termination of the war will be such as will receive
the sanction of all.
I will make no factious opposition to the war,
nor to those who control it. I am not the advo-
i cate or apologist of the present Administration.
I I differ from them on many important points of
1 policy, and condemn many of their acts; yet,
; whenever 1 can consistently give them my sup-
| port, I will do it, without regard to political differ-
ences or distinctions.
Sir, war exists; and on the plains of Mexico
the marshalled hosts of our country are found.
The victors of Palo Alto, of Resaca de Ja Palma,
and of Monterey, are there—men who have cover-
ed themselves with glory, and reflected that glory
i upon their country. Our friends and our country-
| men, are there. "Pennsylvania is there ill full dele-
i gation: and shall we withhold supplies? Shall we
| refuse to support and sustain those who will, in
; the hour of their country's need, be ever ready to
, support her interests and her honor? There, too,
< floats the flag of the nation—the proud emblem of
i the free; and wherever it may be unfurled—on sea
I or land, in the Gulf or on the banks of the Rio
i Grande—may it be preserved, by American valor,
recognise the right of every member upon this !j untarnished and unstained, save by the blood, of
floor, of every citizen, to speak his sentiments upon |! its efnemies.
this and every other subject. Sir, shall Executive {! Sir, I am for peace, and hope the day is pot far
denunciation deter an American citizen from the JJ distant when it shall again return to bless our
full and free discussion of the conduct of the Presi- • I country, and when the relations of amity and
dent of a free republic? Have we come to this, !: friendship will be reestablished between the sister
that to doubt the infallibility of the Executive is ij republics of the New World. War, under any
a heresy, so deep and damning that its only paral- \ circumstances, is an evil. Humanity weeps over
lei can be found in the crime which marks the
traitor? The freedom of speech and of the press
must forever be held inviolate. Upon their pre-
servation depends the safety and glory of our insti-
tutions. They are the sacred and inalienable rights
1 its scenes of violence and blood. Every con-
1 sideration of patriotism, every feeling of humani-
! ty, and every principle of morality, plead eloquent-
| ly for peace. H is to be hoped that the wisdom
. of our councils, guarded by that u wisdom which
of freemen; jewels of priceless value; to be guard- i; is from on high," will be able to bring the war to
ed with eternal vigilance. These rights must never |! a speedy and successful termination, upon princi-
bc yielded or compromised. Once'lost, and patri- i; pl«s consistent with the rights, the interests, and
otism will cease to be a virtue, and liberty be known the honor of both nations.
only as a name
Although I do not deem it expedient now to in-
vestigate the causcs of the war, or its conduct thus
far, 1 nevertheless feel a profound interest in its
results. What are the objects of the war' Is it
prosecuted for the purpose of conquest? Does it
aim at the dismemberment of Mexico5 Or is ter-
ritorial acquisition, for sinister purposes, the main
design of those who control the operations of Gov-
ernment? If for any or all of these purposes, I
repudiate and denounce it. If, however, such are
not its objects—if it is prosecuted for just and hon-
orable purposes, to effect a speedy and equitable
adjustment of all existing difficulties with Mexico,
the establishment of a permanent boundary, and
to obtain a peace honorable alike to both nations, I
J But the question rccurs, upon what terms can
: peace be made? This question is more easily
I asked than answered. But as an incident, arising
j out of this question, it may he asked, Shall we, in
| settling the terms of peace,- require territory to be
yielded to us, as an indemnity for the expenses of
the war ? Should the question be submitted to me,
for my determination, 1 would unhesitatingly an-
swer, no; because a requisition of territory on our
part, as a sine qua non, would protract the war in-
definitely. The sentiments and feeling of Mexico
upon this subject cannot be mistaken. With an
obstinacy peculiar to the Spanish race, they have
determined, and confirmed that determination by
i the sanction of an oath, that they will never yield
! one inch of territory while there js a soldier left to
cannot withhold my support. Sir, my position is ; defend the soil. Extermination and acquisition
this; I regret—profoundly regret, the existence of
this war; and believe, that, had more wisdom and
greater forbearance characterized the councils of
our nation, it might have been honorably avoided.
Yet war is upon "us: however made, or by whom,
it exists. Here it is; and its existence has been
recognised by the proper constitutional authority,
and "must, therefore, as to all questions of legisla-
tion, be regarded as a constitutional war. It has
now become the act of the Government, and to
sustain that act, involves no violation of principle,
moral or political. Under these circumstances, ;
what is duty? And here, Mr. Chairman, I speak j
for myself alone—not for any party. I cannot j
resist the conclusion that it is proper to vote all |
necessary supplies of men and money that may be j
required for its due prosecution by those to whom j
the conduct of the war has been intrusted by the j
people. If the war is to be prosecuted at all, it !
ou^ht to be prosecuted with ali the vigor and en- i
ergy of a great nation. Whilst I earnestly desire 1
to see a termination of the war, and am willing to
make any sacrifice, consistent with honor, to re-
store the amicable relations of the t\^o nations, I
cannot and will not withhold supplies. And al-
though the apparent object of the war is such as I
cannot sanction, yet there is wisdom and patriotism
must go together. Are we prepared for this? Are
we prepared to make the war a war of races, and
not stay our hand until every Mexican is driven
from the land of his fathers, and the anglo-Saxon
race established in the Halls of the Montezumas?
1 hope, for the honor of my country, we are not.
I will not at length examine the question of our
constitutional right,as a nation, to acquire territory
by conquest. If the right exists at all, it is strange-
ly at variance with the principles of our free insti-
tutions, and the declared objects of the Constitution.
The right of conquest, as an incident of absolute
sovereignty, or supreme power, is peculiar and ap-
plicable only to the monarchies of the Old World.
The United States, as a nation, possesses no absolute
sovereignty. Ours is a constitutional sovereignty,
with the powers and duties clearly defined in a
written Constitution. The ultimate and absolute
sovereignty resides in the people; and although
sovereign, their will can only be declared in the
manner prescribed by themselves in the Constitu-
tion The powers notgranted have been withheld;
and as the absolute sovereignty has not been grant-
ed, it follows, that the right of conquest, which is
incident theieto, is not possessed by the Govern-
ment of the United States in its constitutional sov.
ereignty.
