1847.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Bounty Lands—Mexican War—Mr. Pollock.
Ho. of Reps.
than aJl the expenditure of blood and treasure in
the war with Mexico. What would be our gain,
if we could acquire the whole of Mexico, and by
that acquisition burst asunder the bonds of our
Union, and bring down the glory of our nation to
the dust? Would the acquisition of a Mexican
province compensate the loss qf that temple of hu-
man liberty which has been reared by the labor,
cemented with the blood, and consecrated by the
patriotism of our forefathers? Thus to jeopard the
integrity of the Union, is to peril that which is
priceless and invaluable. And yet gentlemen upon
this floor advocate the acquisition of territory, and
at the same time declare that it must and shall be
free territory; knowing that such acquisition must
be attended with consequences, the final result of
which no human sagacity can foresee. The North
is as fully and firmly united «s the South in the
maintenance of their respective opinions; nor is
there the remotest hope of changing either the one
or the other. Under these circumstances, I appeal !
to every candid and considerate man—to the pa-
triotism of this House and the country—to stop and
reflect before they take a step so fraught with dan-
ger. I ask them to stop where policy and right
alike require us to stop—-just where we are—with-
in the limits of our own republic.
Upon the subject of territorial aggrandizement,
the public mind has become diseased; it has been
excited to madness; and I fear, as in the case of
the maniac, our madness will prove our ruin. We
have acquired a morbid appetite for territory, which
has become cormorant by indulgence. This evil
must becoirected—this malady must be healed. It
threatens, and will destroy the very existence of
our free republic.
This rapacity for territory has " grown with
our growth and strengthened with our strength.''
It marked the progress of the early history of our
country, and often occasioned scenes of violence
and blood. On this subject, by way of illustra-
tion, I will adduce a fact which will show the early
existence of this grasping disposition for land, and
how it affected the nunds of the children of the
forest. After the defeat of General St. Clair in
1791, the mangled bodies of our soldiers wore
found with their mouths filled with earth. Stone,
in his life of Brandt, says, "As the contest was
one for land, the Indians, in their mutilations of
the dead, practised a bitter sarcasm upon the ra-
pacity of the white men, by filling their mouths
with the soil they had marched forth to conquer."
This severe rebuke from the untutored Indian, is
silent but instructive. Let us check our madness
and our folly in this regard, and let us be warned
of our danger ere it is too late. If we indulge this
spirit of conquest, it may not be long before an
American Marius shall sit amid the ruins of his
country, and mourn the fall of a greater than Car-
thage.
I do not propose to discuss the constitutional
power of Congress over the question of slavery at
any length; but as the power of Congress over
this subject, in relation to newly-acquired territory
has been under consideration, I will briefly refer to
it. Has Congress the power to establish, or prohibit
slavery in territories where it does not now exist?
Slavery is nowhere recognised by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as a national institution.
The jurisdiction of Congress over the subject is
limited to taxation, representation, the arrest of
fugitive slaves, and the power to prohibit their
importation after the year 1808. In all these cases
they are referred to as " persons," " persons held
to s'ervice or labor ;" and the word " slave" is not
used in the Constitution. In relation to the States
of the Union, Congress has no power to establish,
abolish, or prohibit slavery. The whole question
is one exclusively of State jurisdiction—and to
them it properly belongs. It lies wholly beyond
the control of Congress, and upon this subject,
within the States, Congress has no power of legis-
lation. In relation to territories, however, the
case is somewhat different. The territories be-
longing to the United States are under the exclu-
sive jurisdiction of Congress; and by the Con-
stitution, Congress is empowered to make "all
needful rules and regulations" respecting the same.
This gram of power does not include the power to
establish slavery; which power can only exist in
express grant, or as an incident of absolute sover-
eignty. Now, as the Constitution contains no
grant of this power, express or implied, and as the
Government of the United States is a limited,
constitutional sovereignty, and not an absolute
sovereignty, Congress possesses no power to es-
tablish slavery in territories belonging to us, where
it does not now exist; nor can slavery be estab-
lished by Congress in any territory now free,
which may hereafter be acquired. As Congress
cannot establish slavery, the question recurs, can
Congress prohibit slavery.in the territories of the
United States? Congress having no power to
establish, and, at the same time, having exclusive
jurisdiction over the territories, it follows, that
slavery can have no legal existence in a territory,
with or without the action of Congress. The
power, therefore, to prohibit is nugatory; or
rather, no necessity exists for its exercise. Were
it otherwise, the pjwer to prohibit slavery is
clearly deducible from the power to punish crimes
and misdemeanors, false imprisonment, or any
violation of the personal or natural rights of the
individual.
Again: there is a principle of common law, re-
cognised by the courts of England and the United
States, which, as applicable to territory in which
slavery does not exist, acquired or to be acquired,
I prevents the legal existence of slavery in such ter-
I ritory. The principle is this: that a slave, passing
I from a slave State into a free State, nation, or ter-
i ritory, ceases to be a slave the moment he passes
beyond the jurisdiction of the slaveholding State.
When he enters free territory, he becomes a free
man. This rule, so far as it relates to the respect-
ive, States of the Union, does not apply, by ex-
press provision of the Constitution of the United
States, to the case of fugitive slaves. They form
an exception, and the only exception, to the rule.
The reason of the principle above stated is this:
slavery is a local law, and exists in the States by
virtue of positive legislative enactment. It can
exist in no other form. So long as the slave re-
mains within the jurisdiction of the State by which
( his slavery was established, the operation of those
!' laws bind him to servitude. Should the master
II and his slaves, in search of another home, leave
j | the State, and enter a free State or Territory, when
i he passes beyond the jurisdiction of the slavehold-
ing State, the operation of former laws ceases to
affect him, and he is restored at once to his natural
and inalienable rights. Once free, he cannot, on
his return to the slaveholding State, be held again
to servitude. These principles have been fully
recognised by Lord Mansfield and many other
eminent English jurists, by the Supreme Court of
the United States, and by almost all the courts of
the several States. These principles will also be
| applicable to territory that may be acquired from
| Mexico, so long as it remains a territory.
I It may now be asked, why the necessity of pass-
i in  a law prohibiting slavery in territories iiere-
! after to be acquired, if the prohibition is complete
: in itself, by act and operation of law ? I answer,
' that such an act would be declarative of the com-
mon law, and harmonize with it; and, as an act of
greater caution, would secure the territory against
all attempts to establish slavery, and be a public
and authoritative notification of the fact, that
the relation of master and slave had, and could
have, no legal existence there. The passage of
I such a resolution would be an expression of the
i ooinion of Congress and the people in relation to
' this question, that ought to control, or at least in-
fluence, in a great degree, our rulers in their future
negotiations of a treaty of peace with Mexico. If
teiTitory is to be acquired, this question ought to
be settled by the treaty, and in favor of free terri-
tory. The treaty excluding slavery, becomes the
organic law of the territory, and of all future States
organized out of that territory, and would forever
pi event the legal existence of slavery in State or
Territory. But, sir, no treaty by which territory
is acquired and slavery excluded, will be ratified
by the Senate. On the other hand, no treaty, ac-
quiring territory and extending slavery, can receive
the sanction of that body. A treaty of peace,
which will receive the sanction of the Senate, must
exclude all territory—this rock of offence must be
removed; and then, and not till then, may we ex-
pect harmony of action.
I will now present another view of this case.
So lon<" as the territories of the United States, in
which"slavery did not exist by local law, or was
not recognised, by municipal regulations, at tbe
time of their acquisition, remain territory, «tayg|y-
can have 110 legal existence there. Bi>t when,'cijH
of this territory, a Stale shall be organized, a.(uj_ pe
admitted by Congress into the Union, unless, tjie
action of the State can be controlled hy sosje
organic law, or by some condition, voluntarily
assumed, at the time of her admission, she is felly
and entirely competent, immediately upon tapog
her place in the ranks of her sister States, in vir-
tue of her sovereign character as a State, to estaj)-
Iisli (he institution of slavery within her limits and
jurisdiction. Once a State, and the whole sub-
ject is under her control, unless she has by her own
act yielded her jurisdiction over this question.
Congress cannot by any act of theirs, limit the sov-
ereignty or control the action of a State on this
subject. If Congress possesses any power over
the question, it must be exercised before the ad-
mission of the State. Once a State, and the powfcr
of Congress is gone forever. What, then, is the
remedy r or how cE^kaState organized out of free
tei ritory be prevented from establishing this insti-
tution ? When a State makes application for ad-
mission into the Union, it may be competent for
Congress to annex, as a condition of admission,
the exclusion of slavery. If the State consents
to, and accepts the condition, and upon these ternjs
enters the Union, it must be regarded as a contract
between the General Government and the State,
and becomes the organic law of the State- But,
if this power belongs to Congress, who does n£t
kno \v that the dictation of such terms to a southern
State would be rejected with disdain, and giveri^e
to a controversy', in comparison with which, the
agitation of the Missouri question would be as the
gentle zephyr to the whirlwind ? It would forebode
a storm, fearful in its consequences—tremendous,
in its results. To prevent these fatal results, pol-
icy and patriotism alike require the exclusion of
all tcrntrtry. When a Territory has arrived at full
manhood and becomes a State, it is placed upon
an equal footing with the other States of the Union,
and it is her sovereign right to decide whether sla-
very shall or shall not exist within her borders.
Then we will have no power to sanction, establish,
or abolish. I say to gentlemen of the South, this
| matter is yours—yours exclusively. We will
i not—we cannot interfere with you to contract or
; extend this institution within your respective
! States. If it is a blessing, it is yours to enjoy to
; the full; if it is a curse, it is yours—not ours.
There is another evil which must immediately
present itself, should new territory be added to
the Union. The Mexican provinces are filled
with a population, not only degraded, but of every
possible shade and variety of color and complex-
ion, from the deep black of the negro, to the sal-
low white of the Mexican Indian. These are all
now free by the laws of Mexico, and enjoying all
the social, civil, and political privileges of citizens
of that republic. If we annex these provinces
to our Union, will we admit those who are now
the free citizens of Mexico to the privileges of
Amei ican citizenship ? Will we disfranchise them ?
Can we say to the negro, you are no longer ft-ee?
Can we say to the mulatto, you must be a slave?
Whose slave ? Will we say the same thing to the
Indian? If so, where are we to stop? Scarce a
man is to be found in Mexico, high or low, with
out a larger or less infusion of negro blood. At
what shade of color will gentlemen stop in the pro-
gress of enslaving the now citizens of Mexico r If
this policy should be pursued, nine-tenths of the
people must become slaves. One of two conse-
quences must follow annexation: either all these
people with colors as various as the rainbow, must
be placed on an equality with each other, and with
us, or they must be reduced to servitude. Southern
gentlemen will go into these provinces with their
slaves, the black man there by his side will be
free—not only free from servitude, but politically
free. Could such a state of things continue ? Not
for an hour. The American slave must become
free, or the Mexican negro and mulatto must be-
come slaves. Do not gentlemen see at a glance
that this difficulty is insuperable? Time will not
permit me to elaborate these suggestions.
I hope, sir, the provisions of the bill now under
consideration, and the amendments I have propo-
sed may receive the favorable action of the House;
and' thus some proof bo given that republics are
