134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Roberts.
Ho. of Reps.
not always ungrateful. We owe it to ourselves, i
and to the private soldier who fights the battles of !
our country. Fame, the highest aspiration of the i
soldier, tells not the story of his daring. It gathers !
its rich clusters around, and encircles the brow of
the victorious General. Not so the private soldier.
She has reserved no niche in her proud temple for
him. His name is found upon the muster roll, and |
perhaps in the list of the wounded and the dead, j
He is thrown carelessly into the grave; the earth |
covers him; and not even a plain marble, sculptur- 1
ed with his name, marks the resting place of the j
gallant dead. Pass this bill, and let the record of j
our proceedings be, at once the record of a nation's '
gratitude, and the soldier's fame. ;■
NOTE. _ I!
Since the foregoing remarks were made, the fol-
lowing Resolutions passed by the Legislature of
Pennsylvania: in the House unanimously; and in j
the Senate, by a vote of 24 yeas to 3 nays, have
been officially received. ♦
"Whereas, the existing war with Mexico may
result in the acquisition of new territory to the
Union; and whereas, measures are now pending
in Congress having in view the appropriation of
money, and the conferring authority upon the trea-
ty-making power to this end: Therefore,
" Resolved by the Senate, S;c., That our Senators
in Congress be instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to vote against any measure whatever,
by which territory will accrue to the Union, un-
less as a part of the fundamental law upon which
any compact or treaty for this purpose is based,
slavery or involuntary servitude, except for crime,
shall be forever prohibited.
, " Resolved, That the Governor be requested to
forward a copy of the foregoing resolution to each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress."
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF MRTR. W. ROBERTS,
of mississippi,
In the House or Represent a. ttviss,
February 4, 1847.
In Corrtmittec of the Whole on the Civil Appro-
prLxtion Bill—
Mr. ROBERTS said:
Mr. Chairman: ft is not necessary that f .should
apologize for the few remarks I may offer to the
committee. The time has come, anil 1 feel called
upon to meet this question of slavery; a question
of a more deep arid abiding interest to the South,
and to the whole nation, could nut. have been forced
upon us, noramoie unpropitious time selected;
but, sir, the time 1ms come when this question
must be met. We are now to determine upon the
wisdom and prudence of the. iluhers of the Re-
public, and uiiprouitious as the time may be, and
■ whatever circumstances may exist adverse to the
agitation of so momentous a question, are consid-
erations which are forced to yield to the reckless
and maddened spirit which forces the subject upon
our immediate action. This goodly heritage of
ours, purchased by the blood and Ueasure (if pa- j
triotic sires, is committed to us to watch over, to
guard and protect. As long as the mind and spirit
of our forefathers are regarded, so long will the
Constitution that binds these States, give orotec-
tion to the life, reputation, and property, of all and
every one of its citizens. The East and the West,
the North and the South, are alike bound, and owe
Jjke allegiance to the Constitution, and claim ?nd
are entitled to like equal protection. If the South
were to demand fiom die North that the domestic
institutions of limited servitude should be abroga-
ted; that the relative rights growing out of the
'relation of master and servant, or apprentice, were
inimical to their views of right, and should therefore
he abolished, she could commit no greater outrage
than is attempted to be perpetrated by the North
against herself.
But I will not. by comparison, which is often
f*o disastrous to the self-righteous and self-dele-
gated conscience-keeper, expose the inconsistency
of those who rail at slavery, while they at the
same tune sustain another species of servitude,
both by precept and example; my object is to
meet, as "well as I may, the bold and mischievous
proposition under consideration. And what is
this- proposition ? What is it intended to accom-
plish? Docs it look to the extension of the prin-
ciples upon which the Federal Constitution is
based? Does it regard the compromise, the conces-
sions, the mutual forbearance, which, like winged
angels of mercy, dissipated the gloom, and hushed
the discoid that threatened the councils of our
fathers? Does it assert the supremacy of State
rights; reiterate equality of privileges in and
among all the States of the Gonfedeiacy ? Or does
it, on the other hand, under the odious plea of the
tyrant, " that might gives right," snatch from a
minority of the States a constitutional right? Does
it say to a minority of this Republic, " ye are bone
of our bone, and flesh of our flesh;" ye have State
rights, and State privileges; „ye are associated with
us in the support and defence of the Government;
but because we exceed you in numerical force,
murmur not if we filch from you a small portion
of your rights? Sir, the plain English of the
proposition is this: territory has been or will be
acquired by the force of arms; but that territory
shall be a sealed book, forbidden ground to you,
its soil you dare not touch; its sunny fields are
forever barred against you. True, it has been
acquired mainly by your valor; the blood of your
kinsmen and your neighbors has consecrated it to
American freedom, while we, the pious, the con-
scientious, besieged the gates of Heaven with peti-
tions for your discomfiture; but it is now ours, and
I in our sickly, morbid philanthropy, we will rob
| you of what simple justice proclaims as your inde-
! feasible right! Was ever such iniquity honored
i with the name of philanthropy5 Was ever foul
| wrong mantled wnh such hypocrisy? The soil
| you have won is free to all, to every one hut your-
j selves. Thecanting Abolitionist, who secretly and
j stealthily, openly and fiendishly, overleaps the bar-
j riers of the Constitution, and tramples upon its sa-
1 cred guarantees, in order to undermine your riglus
i and obliterate your privileges, scatters lire-brands,
j arrows, and death among you, envelops your
1 house in {lames, and murders your wife and chil-
dren before your eyes, to him this soil is free. It
is a city of lefuge where he may elude the avenger
of blood. The free negro, free from servitude, but
groaning under every other species of oppression,
he is at liberty to enjoy the land. The manufac-
turer, with his white service-men like himself, of
the same complexion, same form and features, but
whom he lias subjugated, whom he will oppress,
filch, and rob, and when worn out and unfit for
service, will turn upon the world unprovided for,
uncared for,—he, too, may go up and possess the
land ! It is to be free to everybody, to every spe-
cies of property, to every species of labor, except
to our southern friends, who should be, or ought
to be, satisfied with the glory of acquiring it.
Mr. Chairman, in the carli«r and purer davs of
the republic, such a proposition would not have
been entertained; but it seems \vc are growing
wiser than our fathers, inasmuch as this Congress
undertakes to do what they could not, and would
not attempt. If the great and good men who fought
and toiled side by side in the Revolution, whose
hearts were knit more firmly than by hooks of
steel, who labored for the same leward, and incur-
red the same hazard; if they, after their triumph,
when they met to form a bond of union, found it
necessary to enter into compromises, to give and
take, to exercise a spirit of mutual concession, is it
to be thought of, that we, at this day, when the
peculiar difficulties which they wisely compromi-
sed have crown and spread, and stuck their roots
deep into the very vitals of community, can agitate
them and dispose of them in a safer, more equitable,
and more satisfactory manner ? Sir, the idea is pre-
posterous, it is wickedly absurd. And yet the pro-
position is before us—stares us in the face in all its
naked deformity; and we are told, too, that it must
be adopted by this House. Well, such may be the
case! I know full well, that no fraud however
foul, no injustice however glaring, can arrest the
consummation of a wish when long entertained !
and gloated over by a majority. 1 did, indeed, ;
hope better things from a party in this House. ;
From another party from the North, I never dream- ;
ed of any thing better. That party, ever since the j
establishment of the Constitution, has resolutely |
and ceaselessly sought to overthrow southern inte-1
rests, and expurgate southern rights. But, (and I
lefer to it with mingled emotions of pain and grief,)
we have been betrayed by our friends, and are to
be robbed of ourrights by those on whom we have
reposed our confidence and trust.
The delusion under which we have labored, the
false security that ied us to implicit trust, has been
suddenly broken; the film that blinded our eyes
has been dispelled; the honeyed words that secured
our generous confidence have turned to gall and
wormwood. Ihey have fed us with promises
sweet to the lips, but which have turned to bitter-
ness on the stomach. Their professions are like
the apples of Sodom, beautiful without, but filled
with rottenness and corruption. It was theirs to
practise the deception, it is our duty to assert our
right. We claim nothing from their mercy; we
ask no boon. If our rights are to be trampledupon;
if the mandate has gone forth that is to bind us
in perpetual dependence, let it be proclaimed—let
the deed be done. Cut us off from the benefits,
privileges, and protection, which the Union was
designed to secure in exact and equal proportions
to all the States, and what is left worthy of our re-
gard ? Think you the mere name is enough to
secure our attachment? Think you that we will
be deluded by the shadow when the reality is gone;
that we will starve for the substance in blind devo-
tion to a beautiful chimera of the fancy ? If so, ye
have wrongly estimated our spirit. The South
loves the Union—not the name, but the thing.
For its preservation and perpetuity, in its original
design and intent, she is willing to make all sacri-
fice, to endure all privation. For this, and this
alone, she venerates it. And of this fact let the
world know, that the South will be the last to vio-
late the spirit of the Union. As long as the sacred
compact is regarded, she will be first to sustain,
and last to desert it.
It is not my purpose to go into a constitutional
argument. This has already been done. The
position assumed by the South has.been triumph-
antly maintained by reason and sound sense. But
I beg leave very briefly to say to our northern
friends, that, with all their horror of negio servi-
tude, they have seemed to forget their own posi-
tion.
I would most respectfully inquire what consti-
tutes the evils of slavery, or servitude, about which
we have heard so much ? Is it the service, or is it
the length of the service? Is it the thing itself, or
is it the condition annexed ? If the former, then
they are guilty of the very wrong we are charged
with: and their proposition is designed to correct
abuses of which the North and the South, and the
whole Union is guilty. Surely this is not their
meaning, else they would first begin at home, and
after purging their own States of the evil, recom-
mend their good example to others. They would,
doubtless, before this, have abolished the domestic
service, and such a thing as master and bondman,
guardian and ward, ceased to be among them.
It is therefore fair -to presume, that it is the du-
ration of the servicc, and not service itself, to
which they so strenuously object. They favor
limited servitude, and defend it upon grounds of
expediency and public policy. They agree with
us that servitude, in the abstract, is just and prop-
er, but differ with us as to the length of time we
may properly avail ourselves of such service.
From motives of policy they favor it for a term
of years, and in proof of their right to do so,
would cite us any amount of authority coming
from the source that employs such service, ana
would point us to the beneficial results that flow
from it. Now, suppose a proposition was made
hereto interfere with this domestic institution: to
say to those persons who approve of the wisdom
and the policy of the relation, that in certain terri-
tory hereafter to be acquired, such institutions shall
not exist; that no servicc or obedience shall be re-
cognised; that the minor, as he is called, shall be
free to act as he lists, and subject to no control but
the law that binds those who may have attained
their majority; that the youth who desires to ob-
tain a knowledge of a trade orbusiness shall owe
his master no servitude, but shall be permitted,
and it may be lawful for him at any time to leave
that master's employ,—what would be the result?
Ah, then their ox would be gored, and the case
would be widely different, and we should have any
quantity of argument to show the evil of such a
