1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
131
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Bowdon.
Ho. of R&fs.
condition precedent to such admission, would be a
palpable usurpation.
2d. That to accomplish in advance the same end,
by preventing slaveholders from removing to the
Territories with their property, is in derogation of
the equal rights secured to citizens of this republic,
and contrary to the true intent, meaning, and spirit,
of the Constitution.
The first proposition is susceptible of an easy
demonstration; and the second, if less palpable, is
equally true, and follows as a corollary from the
first.
In the investigation of these propositions, I ut-
terly discard the idea thrown out m this debate,
that the Federal Government possesses any origi-
nal and undelegated powers. The Union is a con-
federation of States, in contradistinction to an asso-
ciation of individuals. Its powers are carved out
of the States, and limited by the extent of the
grants of the Constitution. In the convention
which framed that instrument, the States were
severally represented; they voted on all its pro-
visions as States; and it was finally ratified by the
people of the States, acting in separate and sover-
eign capacities.
But it is not a little remarkable, that those who
claim for the Government jurisdiction over the sub-
ject of slavery, have ever been disposed to reverse
this reasoning, and thereby magnify the central
power at the expense of the States. In this spirit,
Mr. Cushman, of Massachusetts, in a speech on
ihe "Missouri question," m 1820, held the follow-
ing language, which I commend to the special con-
sideration of those who <{ follow in his footsteps:"
" The safety of our republic, the integrity of the Union,
the quietude And hmmony of the people, imperiously demand
that the proud aspiring Stales should be taught to know their
distance, to lower their lofty crests, to revolve in their hum-
ble orbs around the National Government, the swn of the
system, and lose their dazzling radiance in the superior
splendor of his beams."
This high-toned federalism is broad enough to
afford the restrictionists a shelter, and " to this com-
plexion must they come" to accomplish their de-
signs.
The relation of the States and General Govern-
ment must be reversed; history must be forgotten;
the recorded opinions of the fathers and builders
of oursystem must be obliterated, to give currency
to the new edition of this exploded heresy. JMr.
Madison, in commending the Constitution to pub-
lic favor, thus speaks of its provisions:
" The plan of the convention declares that the power of
Congress, or, in other woids, of the National Legislature,
shall extend to certain enumerated cases. This specifica-
tion of particulars evidently oxcludos all pretension to a gen-
eral legislative aulhonty, because an affirmative grant of
special powers would be absurd, as well as useless, it a gen-
eral authority was intended."—Federalist, JSTo. 83.
Such; Mr. Speaker, was the opinion of a states-
man justly styled " the Father of the Constitu-
tion;" and such was the construction adopted and
adhered to by the Republicans of the old school.
It is also a familiar portion of our political history,
that the Federalists attempted to attain, by con-
struction, what the convention had refused to grant
in terms. This effort led to an amendment decla-
ring that ti the powers not delegated to the United
( States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
1 States, are reserved to the States respectively or to the
4 people." If these views be correct, we must re-
sort to the Constitution to ascertain the extent of
the powers of Congress, never forgetting that we
are limited by the scope of specific grants, and such
incidental and implied powers as may be ilneces-
sary and proper" to carry the express grants into
complete effect.
Mr. BRODHEAD. How does the gentleman
reconcile his views of the Constitution with our
right to acquire foreign territory ?
Mr. BOWDON (resuming.) The right to ac-
quire foreign territory has been acquiesced in, and
I think properly, byevery department of the Gov-
ernment—executive, legislative, and judicial. I
not only concede this right, without regard to pre-
cedent, but will use it as a convincing argument
against the " restriction doctrine." In the case of
the American Insurance Company et al. v. Canter,
(I Peters, 511) the Supreme Court decided that
the United States Government, as incidental to the
war and treaty-making power, "possesses the
right of acquiring territory." This right is also
incidental to the power of " admitting new States
into the Union,"and in l^lh instances, it comes
 
clearly within the rule of construction for whieh I
contend, as illustrated in the acquisition of Florida,
and the Louisiana Territory by treaty, and the an-
nexation of Texas by a joint resolution of the two
Houses of Congress. But when territory is thus
acquired, the power of Congress over it, as I will
hereafter show, is prescribed and limited by the
Constitution, and is not the result of inherent sov-
ereignty. The Constitution was designed to oper-
ate upon the whole Union, whatever might be its
future dimensions; otherwise the right? and equal-
ity of the old States would be gut^ntied by a
fixed rule, whilst Congress might dwarf or en-
large the power of the new States at pleasure,
thereby substituting the dangerous and varying
discretion of a majority, for the fixed and uniform
operation of the fundamental law. Such a result
was never designed by the founders of the Gov-
ernment; it finds no sanction in the terms of the
Constitution; and is at war with the expressed
intention of the convention which framed it.
To construe properly any grant of power, it is
important to regard the circumstances under which
it was made, and the object intended to be effected
by it, as well as the words employed. The arti-
cles of Confederation contained no general pro-
vision for the admission of new States. The article
on that subject was specific in its character:
"Article XI. Canada acceding to this Confederation, and
jomingin the measles of the United States, shall be sulmit-
ted into, and entitled to ail the advantages of, this Union ;
but no other colony shall be admitted into the same, unless
such admission be agreed to by nine States."
°*ln contrasting the powers of Congress under
the articles of Confederation and the new Constitu-
tion, Mr. Madison says:
i( Canada was to be admitted of right, on her joining in
the measures of the United States; and the other colonies,
by which were evidently meant the other British colonies,
at the discretion of nine States. The eventual establish-
ment of neu> States seems to have been overlooked by the
compilers of that instrument. We have seen the incon-
venience of this omission, and the assumption of power
into which Congress has been led by it With great pro-
priety, t'neteforc, has the new tvstem supplied the defect."—
Fed. No. 43.
How is this defect supplied ? The third section
of the fourth article of the Constitution provides
that4'new States may be admitted into this Union."
Under what restrictions? " But," continues the
section, " no new State shall be formed or erect-
' ed within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor
' any State be formed by the junction of two or
' more States, or parts of States, without the con-
' sent of the Legislatures of the States concerned,
4 as well as of the Congress." The fourth section
of the same article imposes an additional restric-
tion, by requiring the " United States to guaranty
' to every State in this Union a republican form of
'government." Here is a general authority, by
the express terms of the Constitution, to admit
new States, subject to three specified limitations,
neither of which touches the (question of slavery.
Can a fourth limitation on this general authority
be added by the Federal Legislature, exercising
delegated and not inherent powers? And here,
both in regard to the general grant and its limita-
tions, I invoke the aid of the sound and acknow-
ledged rule of construction, " that as exception
4 strengthens the force of a law in cases not ex-
4 cepted, so enumeration weakens it in cases not
4 enumerated."
The authority to admit new States is not limited,
as some suppose, to territory lying within the
original limits of the Union. The language of the
grant does not require such a construction, and the
history of the convention forbids it. The article
in question, as originally reported, authorized new
States to be established " within the limits of the
(then) United States." These words of limitation
were stricken out, leaving a general power to ad-
mit new States, without regard to the territory out
of which they might be formed. (Madison Papers,
1240 and 1458.) This view derives great force
from other circumstances. Our Union was origi-
nally hounded on the wejstby the Mississippi river,
and on the south by the 31st parallel of north lat-
itude. The far-seeing statesmen of the Revolution
could not have been ignorant of the importance of
extending our limits to the Gulf of Mexico, and
over the great valley of the West; thus securing
the navigation of the mighty rivers which eon-
tribute alike to its prosperity and grandeur, and
uniting in one political brotherhood all the inhab-
itants of that," most magnificent dwelling-place of
man."
If, tfcen, the framers of the Constitution antici-
pated the admission of new Stales, without limita-
tion as to the territory out of which they were to
be formed, and desired the restriction of slavery
within its original limits, why was the power con-
ferred in the one instance, and withheld "in the
other? There is an express authority to admit
new States. Is there any such authority to con-
fine slavery within any given parallels of latitude
and longitude? Is the desired restriction "necessary
and proper" to carry into effect any enumerated
power? Every candid mind must give to these
questions a negative answer. Would such a vast
power as that now claimed, have been left to mere
implication? A brief review of the past history
of the country rids the matter of all doubt. At
the date of the Declaration of Independence, sla-
very was tolerated in all the colonies, and contin-
ued to exist in most of the States when the Consti-
tution was formed. Many of its framers were
slaveholders, and exercised in the convention no
unimportant influence. They never would have
consented to any plan of union, drawing a distinc-
tion invidious and degrading to the southern States.
The Constitution confers on the Government no
power to abolish or restrict domestic slavery,
whilst it imposes on the States no prohibition to
its establishment. That institution was regarded
as local in its character, to be established and reg-
ulated alone by the municipal law. This question
was raised in the convention, thoroughly discuss-
ed, and fully settled. Jurisdiction was conferred
on Congress, in express terms, over the subject of
the foreign slave trade after the year 1808; but no
power was given to prevent the diffusion of domes-
tic slavery. And here the maxim applies in full
force, expressio unius, exclusio alterius. A power
was given, however, to extend the limits of our
Union, and, from this, we may well infer a con-
templated expansion of all its institutions.
But we hear much of the compromises of the
Constitution, and an unwillingness to extend
them. No extension is asked or desired. What
are these compromises ? They have no reference
to emancipation or the diffusion of domestic slave-
ry; but look alone to taxation and representation.
These were the questions which perplexed the con-
vention The northern delegates, with John Adams
at their head, argued that slaves were property, and
should therefore be taxed and not represented;
whilst the South contended for representation with-
out taxation. A compromise was finally effected,
by which slaves were properly regarded as parta-
king of the mixed character of persons and of prop-
erty. In unison with these views, the third section
of the first article of the Constitution provides: that
44 representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
' tioned among the several States which may be
' included within the Union, according to their re-
spective numbers, which shall be determined by
' adding to the whole number of free persons, in-
1 eluding those bound to service for a term of years,
' and excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of
' all other persons," [meaning slaves] This pro-
vision refers not alone to the States which are,
but also to those which inay be, included within
the Union; and therefore is not local in its in-
fluence nor temporary in its duration. Various
other clauses of the Constitution directly sustain
this idea; all harmonize and none conflict with
it. If Congress can call upon a State to relin-
quish the right to establish slavery as a condi-
tion of admission into the Union, all other State
rights may be expunged in the same manner. It
must be recollected, that many of the provisions
of the Constitution were the result of concession
and adjustment. All these, if the argument in re-
gard to slavery be true, may be limited in their
effects to old States, by requiring.humiliating con-
ditions to the ad mission of new ones. By compro-
mise the large and small States are entitled to an
equal representation in the Senate. Can any new
State be deprived of this equal senatorial repre-
sentation as a condition of admission? No one
ever had the hardihood to contend for such an ab-
surdity. And yet the subject matter in dispute,
and not the respective merits of the argument, con-
stitutes the only difference between the. restriction
now so warmly contended for, and that which finds
not a single advocatc.
