im
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 2,
Q©TH Cose 2D SESS.
The Mexican War—Mr. Stephen Adams.
Ho. or Reps.
world." The day will come, when those who are
now blind will see. The time is not far distant,
when the mask of philanthropy will be thrown
aside> and the purposes of politicians distinctly
proclaimed.
I will now present th<3 subject in a different
aspect. Congress may impose b. direct tax on the
Territories; but it must be in " proportion to the
census directed to be taken by thg Constitution/'
(5 Wheaion's Reports, 317.) Th~three-jifth$ prin-
ciple, as to direct taxes, prevails as well in the Ter-
ritories as in the States. Now, is it not manifest,
that if the relation of master and slave be dis-
solved, these slaves become "free persons," and
the whole number, instead of /hree-fifths, must be
counted in the apportionment of taxes? The rule
of apportionment fixed by the Constitution would
thus be superseded by the act of Congress; the
taxes upon the Territories would be increased two-
fifths, so far as the slaves were concerned, whilst
the ability to pay would be diminished.
This view is conclusive agamst the* power of
Congress to abolish slavery in the Territories
where it may exist. But it may be replied, that
the force of this reasoning can be avoided, by de-
claring, in advance, that slaves shall not be carried
there. It is obvious, however, that Congress can-
not exercise this power. .Slaves are either prop-
erty or persons, or partake of a mixed character.
If they are persons, the right of locomotion cannot
be denied them. If they partake of the mixed
character of persons and property, as Mr. Madison
says, then it is evident that Congress cannot pro-
hibit their removal to a Territory, but must act, if
at all, directly on the relation of master and slave.
The power to regulate domestic commerce confers
no jurisdiction in regard to domestic slavery; as
was adjudged by the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of Groves et al. vs. Slaughter.
(15 Peters, 505.) The correctness of this decis-
ion is placed beyond doubt by the ninth section
of the first article of the Constitution, which
recognises the right of Congress to prohibit the
introduction of slaves, from abroad, into any por-
vtion of our territory, except in such of the old
Suites as thought proper to admit them prior to
the year 1808. This affirmation of power as to
foreign slaves, by every rule of construction, im-
plies a negation of authority in the case of domestic
slavery.
Tins construction is not only demanded by the
language of the Constitution, but it is vouched for
by a leading member of the convention which
framed it. In the debate of 1820 on the "Mis-
souri Question/' Charles Cotes worth Pmckney
thus spoke:
" The supporters of the amendment contend that Congress
have the riiiht to insist on the prevention ot involuntary ser-
vitude in Missouri, and found thai right on the ninth section
of the thst article, which says, -'the nugiation or unporta-
( toon ot' such persons as the States now existing may think
'-proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress
< prior to the jear 1806; but a tax or duty may be unpo&ed
' on such imputation not exceeding ten dolJais.'
" In consideimg tins aiticlc, I will detail, a*, far as at this
distant period is pos-ible, what vvauhe intention of the con-
vention that lonned tht Constitution. The intention wan
to give to Congre&s a power, aftei the year 180b, to prevent
the importation of slaves, either by land" or water, fromothei
countries. The word, impoit, includes both, and applies
wholly to slaves Without this limitation, Congress might
have stopped it sooner, under their general power to regu-
late commerce, and it was an agieed point, a solemnly un-
derstood compact, that, on the southern States consenting
to s-hut their ports against the impoitution of African-*, no
power was to be delegated to Congress, nor nete they ever
to be authorized to touch the question of slavery; that the
properly of the southern States in slaves was to be as sa-
cietily preserved and protected to tlu-m, as that of land or any
other kind of property in the eastern States was to be to
their citizens.
" The term, or word, migration, applies wholly to free
whiter; in its constituuonal sense, as intended by the con-
vention, it means a '^voluntary change of servitude'3'' from one
conntiy to another. The reasons of Us> being adopted and
used iri the Constitution, as far as f can recollect, were
these, that the Constitution being a frame of government,
consi-ting wholly of delegated powers, all poioer not expressly
delegated, being reserved to tne people oj the States, it was
supposed that without some express grant to them of power
un the subject, Cnmrress would not be authonzed ever to
touch the question of migration hithei, ur emigration to this
country, howtvei pie-sing or urgent the necessity for such
ft measure might be; that the) could denve r.o such power
from the usages ot nations, or even the laws ot war; that
the latter would only enable them to make prisons sot alien
enemies, which would not be sufficient, as spies or other
dangerous emigrants, who were not alien enemies, might
enter the country f<5r treasonable puiposes, and do great in-
jury; that, as all governments possessed this power, it was
necessary to give it to our own, which could alone exercise
it, and where, on other- and much greater points, we bad
placed unlimited confidence; it was therefore agreed that,
in the same article, the word migration should be placed;
and that, from the year 1808, Congress should poss-ess the
complete power to stop either or both, as they might sup-
pose the public interestrequired, The article, therefore, is
a negative pregnant, les training for twenty years, and giving
the power afterwards."
In the same speech, Mr. Pinckney says that
Congress has no more power to abolish slavery
in the Territories than in the States. Over this sub-
ject the framers of the Constitution did not design
to give togCongress any jurisdiction whatsoever,
except inTlgard to the foreign slave trade. If the
Constitution is not explicit on this subject, when
taken in connexion with the proceedings of the
Convention and our past history, then it is utterly
vain to attempt restrictions on parchment.
In addition to the limitations upon the Govern-
ment, each State, by the terms of the Constitution,
has entered into a solemn compact of non-inter-
ference and amity; thus throwing around the
rights of slaveholders all the guards and restric-
tions of which human foresight was capable.
The 2d section of the 3d article provides that" JV*o
person [meaning a slave] held toservice or labor in one
i State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another,
i shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein t
6 be discharged from such service or labor, but shall be
4 delivered up on claim of the parly to whom such ser-
4 vice or labor may be due." If a horse stray from
one State to another, and be unlawfully detained,
his owner must resort to an action at law for his
recovery; but if a slave escape, he may be regained
by a summary process. In the face of these facts,
are we to be told that slaves are not regarded as
property, and that the rights of the slaveholding
States, instead of being protected m good faith,
are to be the object of unceasing assault? Shall
that institution, guarded by the fiamers of the Con-
stitution with every check which a solemn com-
pact can impose, be singled out for special attack ?
Shall the Union which our fathers established be
transformed to suit the varying wishes or interests
of a heedless majority? if so, the time has in-
deed arrived when the South should cease to re-
pose in false security, and awaken to the dangers
which surround her.
Every one who has read the Constitution and the
history of the country knows, that domestic slaves
(and 1 speak of them only) partake of the charac-
ter of property; the master has a right to their ser-
vices and labor, and Congress cannot divest this
right, except " for public use, and upon paying a
just compensation." These are not the sentiments
of the South alone. In former days they were
promulgated by candid and enlightened jurists of
the free States. On this subject Chief Justice
Tilghinan remarks:
" Whatever may be our private opinion* on the subject of
slavery, it ib well known that our southern brcthien would
not have consented to have beeomc parties to a Constitution
under which the United States have enjoyed so much pros-
perity, unless their property in slaves had been secured.'''—
5 Scrg• and Rtutlc, 6'3.
In reviewing the same subject, Judge Baldwin
held the following emphatic language:
" The ownership [of the slave] being thus clearly made
out, he must he deemed to be the pro petty of [the master,]
over which he has the same control a  over his land or his
goods."' * * * * * * *
''The law of the land recognises the right of one man
to hold another in bondage, and that right must be pro-
tected." * ~ * A *
"As a consequence of this right of property, Ihe owner
may keep possesion of his slave. If he abscond, he may
letake him, by pursuit into another State.—-1 Baldwin's Re-
jioits, 577.
"Look at the first article, and you will see that slaves are
not only property as chattels, but political propeity, which
confers the highest and most sacred political rights of the
States, on the inviolability of which, the veiv existence of the
Government depends." ****-< a
"Thus you see that the foundations of the Government
are laid and rest on the of property in slaves the whole
stiucturw must tall by disturbing the cornet-stone.'1—Ihid}
596-'7.
Are the political rights of the slaveholding States
respected, when the Government assumes to locate
and distribute the sources of their strength? Sup-
pose Congress, to aggrandize the South, should
preclude the inhabitants of the free States from re-
moving with their property to regions acquired by
the joint blood and tieasure of the nation. Every
freeman of the North would bueklc on his armor,
and, gathering fresh courage from the recollections
of the past, wage a war of extermination against
his oppressors. If the majority should not thus
be proscribed, by what political morality is the
same injustice to be visited upon the minority?
But this odious distinction affects individuals-as
well as States. Is the right of the owner protected
when he is compelled to abandon his slaves, in order
to remove to the common domain of the Union?
Surely no such invidious discrimination was con-
templated by the framers of the Constitution. It
is at war with every.principle of equality and fair-
ness. To whom does the public domain belong?
To the United States. Congress is the common
agent of all the partners, to administer a great
trust. Is this high duty performed by appropri-
ating to the exclusive use of a part, that which is
guarantied to all ? The spontaneous feelings of
the heart rise up in rebellion against such an open
disregard of justice ?
What excuse is rendered for this giant stride to
undivided empire ? As usual, despotism veils itself
in deceitful robes, and conceals its ultimate object
under the mask of preventing the extension of sla-
very! No such false issue can be made. The
question is as to the locality and condition of those
who are already slaves. True philanthropy would
diffuse, not congregate them into a narrow com-
pass, or make them fixtures to the soil. More hor-
rible still is the purpose—scarcely disguised—of
breaking the fetters of the slave by rendering his
labor unprofitable, and thus substituting, for peace*
ful subjection, a bloody contest of rival races, the
horrors of which, even in the distance, cause the
patriot to shudder.
This wholesale proscription of a large section of
the Union will never be tolerated, until the degen-
eracy of the South shall invite the chains which
reckless power would rivet upon her limbs. Dis-
tant—far distant—be the day when any portion of
the American people will tamely yield to undis-
guised despotism. This daring move to banish a
respectable minority from the common heritage of
the nation, outrages every principle of republican-
ism, and finds no parallel in our history, save in
the drama which led our fathers to a successful and
ever-glorious resistance of British tyranny.
This Government was formed to protect the
rights of all. Its blessings and burdens should be
mutual. In the prosecution of the war in which we
are now engaged, the South has willingly tendered
her treasure and theblood of her noblest sons. Now,
as heretofore, she gloriously rallies around the
national flag, rejoices in its triumphs, and mourns
its disasters. When the contest is over, and vic-
tory won, she will demand, not the badge of degra-
dation, but an equal participation in the fruits of a
joint struggle.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
REMARKS OF MR. S. ADAMS,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the House of Representatives,
January 2, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, the Bill making Appro-
priation for the Naval Service being under con-
sideration, Mr. Rockwell moved to amend the
bill by allowing the seamen six cents per day in
lieu of the spirit ration—
Mr. ADAMS addressed the committee, in sub-
stance, as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I most cordially approve of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Rockwell.] By giving to our sea-
men six cents per day in place of their spirit ration,
they wiil be enabled to save twenty-two dollars per
annum, which, m ten years, would amount to two
hundred and twenty dollars—more than enough to
purchase a quarter section of land, securing to them
a home in their old age. But, sir, the question can
be placed upon still stronger ground. It is time
that this Government should cease dealing; out poi-
son to her seamen, and others in her employment.
A gentleman near me says it is a slow poison; that
may be true as to its effects upon the physical sys-
tem, but it is as rapid as it is certain in producing
the moral and intellectual degradation of its victims.
It is settled, beyond controversy, that seamen are
better off without than with it; and as it cannot
benefit them in any possible manner, but, on the
contrary, impairs, and eventually destroys, both
