M4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 22,
29th Gong.....2d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
of the United States and to be governed by the rules
tfnd articles of war," which oath shall be administered by
the adjutaht or inspector general of the command, and the
same shall he endorsed on the commission, and certified by
report of the fa,et to the Adjutant General at Washington
euy.
Mr. HOUSTON rose and said, that itiiAd not
been his desire to .occupy any portion of the time
of the Senate in a discussion of the bill now under
consideration. But entertaining the opinions he
did in relation to the description atfd organization
of the troops which ought to be called into the ser-
vice of this country, under existing circumstances,
to prosecute the war with Mexico, he felt it to be
a duty incumbent upon him to state briefly some
of the considerations by which he was guided on
the present occasion. The bill proposed the or-
ganization of an efficient corps for the purpose of
conducting this war to a conclusion, in case peace
should not be made with Mexico. Upon this sub-
ject, he had had, since the commencement of our
difficulties with Mexico, but one opinion, and that
was, that peace never would be obtained by any
other means than by making her feel the calami-
ties of war in their utmost rigor, if they had not
yet felt those calamities to the extent necessary to
dispose them to conclude a peace, it was fit that
this Government should make them feel them, and
their inclination would then be governed by their
necessities. This corps, as proposed by the pres-
ent amendment, would not be considered as a reg-
ular corps, or as forming a portion of the regular
army, but as auxiliary to the army in the emer-
gency which now existed. There would be a dis-
tinction between this corps and the regulars, and
also between this corps and the militia and volun-
teers raised by calls upon the several States. In
regard to the officers of the volunteer corps to be
called into the servicc of the Federal Government,
under the laws of the respective States, an occa-
sional inconvenience may arise in the organization
of regiments, from the fact that they differ, in many
cases, in their several modes of appointment. In
some States they were appointed by the Legisla-
ture, and in others they were elected, and elected by
various modes. And it was impossible in the pro-
motions which must take place m the army, when
vacancies occur, that those different modes could re-
spectively be observed. In fact, no provision was
made for filling such vacancies, and if promotion
took place, it was done only by the common con-
sent of those concerned. The President of the
United States had no authority to commission them
at present, because their commissions were origi-
nally derived from the executive departments of
the States from which they came. Hence a great
difficulty occurred in pieserving the organization
of the army. But if a corps were cieated by Con-
fress, and commissioned by the executive of the
'cderal Government, it would obviate this diffi-
culty; it would answer all the purposes for which
regulars were intended, and would constitute, in
fact, a better description of force. It was not the
mere name of regulars that constituted the effi-
ciency of a corps; it was not the name of regulars
that gave discipline and suboidination to men; it
more depended upon the terms of the service in
which they were engaged, than it did upon their
name.
If the object was to have an efficient corps, he
• contended that the one proposed by his amend-
ment would not only be efficient, but the most
efficient that could be organized. They would be
dissimilar from the regulars in this, that they were
not composed of men picked up indiscriminately;
men of different languages and different habits;
men not stimulated by patriotism, but operated on
by necessity, and not by choice. This corps
would be composed of men prompted by patriot-
ism, and stimulated by chivalry—men who loved
the institutions of their country, and would go
forth to fight its battles with the anticipation of re-
turning with the honors of the soldier to the home
of their childhood and the welcome of friends 
men who, entering upon the service for that love
of country, would render themselves formidable m
arms, unconquerable by their'adversaries, and su-
perior not only to the harshest privations, but to
all difficulties and to all dangers. These were the
men who leave behind them a guarantee for their
fidelity. They were patriots by birth, habits, and
education. They were young men, chiefly be-
tween the ages of eighteen and thirty-five, with
athletic and vigorous constitutions, warmed by
military enthusiasm, and ardently desiring to imi-
tate the deeds of their ancestors.
More than three hundred thousand men (Mr. H.
said) had tendered their services under the act of
last session, and not more than twenty-five thou-
sand had been accepted. He did not precisely un-
derstand the reason why; doubtless, however,
because it was supposed that a sufficient force was
already in the field. In the regular service, where
the men were scarcely ever promoted from the
ranks, all the efficiency of a corps was derived
from the manner of its organization; there was no
' stimulus of hope addressed to the personal ambi-
tion of the soldier; his efficiency was owing to
the drill, and to his acting together with his com-
rades. In the present amendment that objection
was remedied.
This amendment provided that the officers should
J)e chosen by the men who had volunteered their
services to the country. So soon as ten compa-
nies had been mustered and collected, they were to
proceed to elect their own field officers. When
this had been done, and the result of the choice
intimated to the President, he was authorized to
commission the individuals thus chosen, if he ac-
cepted their services, and when vacancies should
afterwards occur, they were to be regularly filled
according to the grade of the officer dead, resigned,
or removed, by the officer next in grade. As soon
as the promotion from below was completed, the
junior officer would receive his commission—the
'President having of course been officially informed
of the vacancy.
Another inducement in favor of volunteering
would be presented by this amendment, and that
was, the opportunity afforded for promotion from
the ranks. Here the private soldier was allowed
to hope that, by good conduct and deeds of noble
daring, he might so distinguish himself as even-
tually to rise to the honor of a commission. This
amendment does not allow vacancies in command
to be filled, as they might be in the regular army,
by one who was an entire stranger to the men he
was to command; and the objection to beingover-
slaughed, would be obviated.
No such hope as this was held up before the
eyes of the regular soldier: he might have military
pride and conscious valor, but he found all access
to promotion barred against him—his elevation
must, at best, be confincd to the ranks—promotion
stopped there. It was so found in actual experi-
ence; for Mr. H. had been informed that out of
the six thousand regulars who had served at the
commencement of this war with Mexico (and who
had exhibited muie bravery?) theie had been but
two promotions from the ranks. Vacancies of the
lower grades, when they occurred, were usually
given to some cadet or expectant, who had never
rendered any service in the battle-field; and how-
ever the private soldier might have distinguished
himself by acts of the highest personal bravery,
he need hope to rise no higher than if he had sim-
ply obeyed orders with mechanical precision. The
knowledge of this was well calculated to abate the
valor of the soldier when about to engage in some j
arduous and hazardous conflict. But under the
provisions of this amendment, the road to promo-
tion was open; it lay in fair and animating pros-
pect in full view of every chivalrous spirit—and
the effect of such a hope would be felt as a stimu-
lus of mighty power in those tryingmoments when
every motive should be brought to bear that can
stir the human heart, and nerve the arm m theex-
tremest peril.
But it was objected that if this amendment
should be adopted, the ranks of the army would
not be filled. Why, how else would they be filled ?
Could gentlemen restrain the glowing patriotic ar-
dor of three hundred thousand brave men, who
had emulated each other in offering themselves for
the service and defence of the country? Would
gentlemen tell him that out of this body of three
hundred thousand brave men it was impossible to
obtain ten thousand as permanent auxiliaries to
the army? He never could be made to believe it.
A hundred thousand could be had if there was need.
The department would only have to choose whom
they would take. The leal difficulty would be,
not to get men enough, but to select from among
the multitude of applicants, so as not to give of-
fence to those who must be rejected. The great
mortification would be that, out of three hundred
thousand who were willing and anxious to go,
only ten thousand could be accepted.
It is a painful and an invidious duty to discrimi-
nate where so many are worthy. Piobably some
rule ought to be adopted by which priority of ten-
der would be regarded as the general principle of
selection. Otherwise it would hardly be possible
to prevent a feeling of deep resentment toward the
officer who performed the unwelcome and respon-
sible task. Let this mode of organization be adopt-
ed, and before thirty days from the passage of the
bill, the men would be on their march for Mexico.
They would thus anticipate the sickly season, and
would be in the field and ready to be led against
the enemy long before the vomito would make its
appearance.
! If the appointment of the officers chosen should
be made here, after their election by the men they
were to command, it would only be necessary to
call on the officers, and let them organize their
companies and regiments, and be ready at once to
march. That would be all they would have to do.
Would any man hesitate in deciding whether it
was best to organize these corps in the United
States, or first to lead them to the place of action
in Mexico? If they were organized and officered
here, all they would have to do then would be to
rally to their headquarters in Mexico. But, ac-
cording to the original bill, the Government was
to say to a colonel: "You shall be accepted to
serve, provided you can raise a regiment who will
serve under you." The man would try to do this,
and perhaps fail, and the inevitable effect must be-
great delay; whereas, 011 the other plan, Govern-
ment would find the corps already organized. Here
must be places of rendezvous opened, and then
provisions, quarters, and fuel, and all the expense
of recruiting must be provided. On the other plan,
the men would rendezvous at once at the headquar-
ters of their regiments. If there was no previous
organization here, it would require a delay of ninety
days at least before these regiments could be ready
to march. The officers must first be heard from;
then they would perhaps report that they had col-
lected one company in one county and another
company in another, and when all these reports
were in, and the companies collected, then, and
not till then, would the colonel get his commis-
sion. But, under the amendment, the corps would
all be ready oiganized, their services would have
been tendered, and all the Government would have
to do would be to commission the officers, and tell
them to go.
Mr. H. said that gentlemen should remember
that it was not the mere fact of having inlisted
which gave a charm to a soldier: it was that he
was a soldier in the army of the United States.
The mere form of mlistment could not convert a
citizen into a soldier. Engagement to serve and
subsequent discipline and training, would convert
him into a soldier, and make the volunteer equal
to a regular in these particulars, and superior in all
others. The citizen entered on his military career
with a constitution unimpaired by previous dissi-
pation and dissolute habits; he had a degree of
intelligence, sprightliness, and aptitude to learn,
which, under some six weeks' discipline, would
make him equal to any soldier that ever entered a
field. It was mere habit that made the regular; it
was heart that made the volunteer; and it was
[ head that made the commander.
This plan would raise a force immediately. It
would meet the wishes of those who had volun-
teered for the war; they were already organized.
All they would have to do would be to march to
their rendezvous, and then forthwith proceed to
: Mexico, and there they would at once present
themselves, eager for the most adventurous enter-
prise and the most perilous conflicts.
But if the original bill should be adopted, delay
was inevitable. And, besides this, the officers who
i were authorized to raise regiments, and failed to
| succeed, would then come to Congress, and bring
: in their accounts for their expenses in the attempt.
I Hundreds of thousands of dollars would be de-
1 manded in the way of reimbursement. If these
i commissions were sought by mere expectants for
j office, they did not deserve to command men who
, had volunteered to serve the country: they did not
j deserve to be placed over the heads of those who
1 had freely pledged themselves to vindicate the na-
