1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2jd Sess.
T/fb Army Bill—Mr. Houston.
New Series No. 10.
tional honor, without the temptation of mercenary-
considerations.
There were insuperable objections to the origi-
nal plan. Here were six hundred officers to be
created for the command of these ten thousand
men. Suppose their appointment should be left
to the Executive: what would be the result? Did
any man believe that all the houses in Washing-
ton would be sufficient to contain the applicants
who would come into this District like a delude:
They would not get shelter to cover them. The
President and Secretary of War would scarcely be
able to read the multitude of letters of application
and recommendation that would be presented.
How could the Executive weigh the merits of that
vast crowd who would be asking to be made offi-
cers, from a colonel down to a second and third
lieutenant? It would be an overwhelming task for
any man to attempt, even physically, to say no-
thing of it in any other view. No; the only way
* to get a force into the Held promptly, would be to
recognise the organization already made. Hence,
he contended that the amendment ought to be
adopted, if only in justice to the department. The
labor was already performed, and it only wanted
the recognition of the Government.
In a sudden emergency or a protractcd war, it
would not do for this Government to rely chiefly
upon the regular army. It was not in contempla-
tion of the framers of the Constitution that a large
regular army should be maintained in time of peace
at the expense of the people, when it would be
without occasion for efficiency or utility. There
was, indeed, a necessity for maintaining a sufficient
force to occupy a few important forts, and to take
care of our arsenals and depots of munitions; and
we ought to have such a regular force as should
serve for a nucleus around which a force of another
description might be collected; but it was on the
citizens of the country that we must rely, either
for repelling invasion or for the prosecution of a
war of invasion into the territories of another na-
tion. There were sixteen thousand regulars now
authorized by law, of which number not more than
eight thousand had as yet been actually mlisted.
The work of recruitinghad been intrusted to intel-
ligent and active officers, and yet Mr. H. was war-
ranted in saying, that not more than two thousand
eight hundred men had been obtained withm the
last year.
But, supposing the Government should start the
whole of the six hundred officers authorized m the
original bill, and send them among those who had
volunteered their services to recruit them as regu-
lars; would they not spurn the proposal ? Mr. H.
did not say that they ought to spurn it, but he
most decidedly believed that such would be found
the fact. And why? Such had heretofore been
the character of the rank and file of our regular
soldiers that a citizen possessing any respectability
of character and standing in society feels, by enter-
ing as a common soldier, that he has lost caste in
the community. Even in the war of 1812, when
the recruit received a very high bounty, both in
money and land, such was the influence of this
feeling that it required a strong will and a spirit of
hardihood and daring to induce a man, coming
from the bosom of respectable family connexions,
to inlist. In fact, a young man was consideied by
his friends as in a great degree thrown away who
did so. He was cut off from his family, and oc-
cupied a degraded rank, until, by some daring deed
of valor, he obtained promotion, and was thus re-
stored to his former standing. This had ever been
the case, and it would be so again. The man who
inhsted in the ranks of the regular army would find
himself a doomed man—doomed to a long and
hopeless servitude, with the door effectually closed
upon him to all promotion. Yet there was an at-
tempt to raise a corps of this description in prefer-
ence to volunteers, and thus to disappoint the hopes
of men who panted to be led against the enemy.
The emergency of our affairs required instanteffort:
it demanded a force that could be immediately raised
and organized; Who so proper to be employed as
those who had voluntarily proffered their services
to the country—who were already marshalled for
the field, and eager to march, and who wanted
only the opportunity to prove that it would be their
joy and pride to vindicate, by their prowess, their
country's cause? These were men who would act
in the face of an enemy with the remembrance deep
10
in their hearts that they were acting also in sight of !
family and friends. What stimulus was like this ,
to breathe patriotic ardor into the heart of a brave '
man? The heart that responded to the throb of
affection was the heart that would beat high upon
the battle-field with the fond remembrance of home
and kindred, and with the noble resolution so to
act in the presence of the foe as to secure that
hearty welcome, which was a soldier's reward,
j This corps, Mr. H. was well assured, would meet
all the expectations of their country. The road to
I honorable distinction would be open before them,
and they would be held together by sympathies
which voluntary service alone could create, and ;
which would lead them to maintain the honor of !
the corps in the lowering front of battle, and in
every path of peril.
The reason why it was proposed, in one of the
: sections of this amendment, that colonels should
select their own staff, was, that the persons likely
to compose it would be taken from young men in
the volunteer service, of education, talent, and £e- j
I mus; many of them in professional life, especially
| such as came from our large cities. The colonel
! ought to have the authority to select peisons of
| this character, either from his own subalterns or
; from the rank and file. From among; these he
! would choose his quartermaster, his adjutant, his
commissary, and surgeons. He would have the
opportunity of taking young; men who were enti-
tled, by their moral worth, to his regard and con-
fidence, and his relative situation would afford him
the best opportunity of discerning their personal
characteristics and qualifications. In this way he
would be in no danger of having men under him
who would betray him, but he could count on those
who would sustain him in faithfully discharging
his duty. How could the War Department here
determine on the propriety of these appointments
as well as the colonel? What would most neces-
sarily be the means by which it was tojudge? The
recommendations of members of Congress, made
by them, too, at second or third hand. Was this as
good a channel of information as the personal
knowledge of the officer who was to command them
in the field ? Could the President or his Secretary
form as just an opinion, either in regard to the
staff or the line of the army, as the colonel could ?
Mr. H. could not believe it. This amendment was
founded on such a conviction, and intended to
remedy the evils of delay, and the mistakes which
have been so often made in military appointments,
under influences very different from those which
govern the colonel who chooses the officer with
whom he is to risk his honor and his reputation.
Supposing the colonel should be authorized to se-
lect the surgeons of his regiment, where would he
go to make his selection ? There were to be thirty
surgeons and assistant surgeons for these ten thou-
sand men—not a large number, considering the na-
ture ofthe climate in which the troops were toserve.
He would probably have recruits under his com-
mand from several counties, in each of which there
were a number of physicians of reputation. Would
he not naturally select such of these as he was
personally acquainted with ? And how important
would it not be to the health and safety of the men
that such a selection should be made; because the
; physician taken from their own vicinity, and per-
' sonally acquainted with many of the families from
j which they came, and with many of themselves,
| too, would be in better circumstances to sympa-
1 thize with them in their afilictions, and more ready
: to do all in his power to relieve them. A surgeon
] so situated would not act merely from a sense of
j duty, but from feelings of kindness and of person-
| al friendship. How much fitter would he be for
I his official duty than a total stranger appointed by
j the Government? If a corps were to volunteer
from New York, would any man of sense think of
j selecting their physician from New Orleans* Or
j would a man from New England be well calcu-
; lated to serve with a regiment from the interioi of
j Missouri? Would you take a physician who was
perfectly ignorant of the constitutions or former
habits of the soldiers, or of the region from which
they came ? Surely not. There was a fitness, a hu-
manity in allowing the officers to select those who
would most possess their confidence. If it was
permitted him to refer to experience in this matter,
his own, (which had not been very great,) fully
corroborated every position he had taken.
But it was said that regulars w^re more suitable
for these regiments, because volunteers could not
be relied on. They were to be trusted in all circum5-
stances. There was no failure in regard to men.
like these. Prom the commencement of the Revo-
lution to the very last acts of that eventful history,
they had sustained the credit of their flag, and fully-
proved that a citizen soldiery knew how to fight, and
bravely to defend the liberty of their country.
How had it been in the last war? Let gentle-
men who doubted whether volunteers could be
safely relied on go to the Thames, where the
Kentucky troops proved their valor," and where
the Ohio volunteers so nobly sustained the honor
of the American arms. Let them go to Sackett's
Harbor, where our soldiers were Jed by a militia
general, and they would find there the volunteers.
Let them go either to the West or the South.
Let them look at the army in Tennessee, that glo-
rious army which met the fanatical savage Creeks:
they were volunteers. To be sure there was one
battalion of militia somewhat dissatisfied, and
some of them returned home. But all the rest of
the entire army were volunteers, with the excep-
tion of a single battalion of regulars; yet they sus-
tained themselves nobly in that war. How was
it at New Orleans? Did not the volunteers nobly
sustain themselves? True, there were a few reg-
ulars associated with them; but the officers and
men behaved in a manner well worthy of the honor
of their profession and of the causes for which
they went to battle. The deadly and unerringfire-
from the volunteer brigades turned back6the vete-
ran legions of Pakenham, who had elsewhere won
many a fortress, and triumphed in many a field.
There was other evidence which might be refer-
red to in support of^he same view. Instances
might also be quoted where the fate of nations
hung on the volunteer service, and where they
I behaved with unflinching bravery in hours of the
j extremest peril. He might lefer to the siege of
! Monterey. Could any man name that place, and
j then speak about distrusting volunteers? Who
i could have exhibited more indomitable courage
j than did their advancing columns? They pushed
I forward, and were cut down in numbers, but still
I continued to advance with unflinching valor; and
! these, too, were men who never had known regu-
lar service; yet they did all that could .have been
demanded at the hands of the oldest veteran sol-
diers of the line in any service.
What was it that could he claimed as the only
.advantage of regulars over volunteers? It was
nothing but discipline. But when volunteers, as
was proposed in this amendment, were made a
permanent attachment to the army, how long
would it be before young, active, intelligent men
would learn both discipline and suboidination?
The excellence and efficiency of regulars was de-
rived from their peifect discipline. They became
I a mass of mechanism, systematical in their move-
j ments, and promptly and certainly obeying the
i will of a commanding mind which animated them,
j But when it became necessary to drive a retreating
! enemy, volunteers were to be preferred to regulars,
S inasmuch as they were more eager in pursuit, and
1 always less encumbered.
! Again: Mr. H. regarded volunteers-sis far more
' suited to the character of our nation and our free
j institutions than regulars. The original bill was
| a perfect anomaly m its shape; it went, in effect,
I to raise a corps of regulars out of a body of militia.
I There was to be no inlistment, no oath; butsome-
: body must go to them and ask them, for fear they
i should come of themselves. They were, not regu-
i lars. Why ? Because they were to be discharged
j at the end of the war. They were not regulars in
1 fact, but they bore the name. And for what was
I that name retained? Only to encumber the de-
! partment with the appointment of a host of officers,
J when the volunteer corps were already organized,
' and had only to receive marching orders.
; Mr. H. said he was as much opposed to de-
' mocracy in an army as any man possibly could
1 be, and to mobocracy too. But, after the organi-
' zation of a volunteer corps had once taken place;
after the wishes of the men had been met and their
hopes gratified, being contented at the outset they
would continue contented all through the term of
service. There would be no new elections, for the
bill provides for promotions by regular grade.
But, under the original bill, the President might,
