148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Heirs of D. D. Tompkins—Mr. Rathbun.
Ho. of Reps.
successful progress of great public measures. Sir,
public sentiment and public feeling in this day, and
least of all in this country, can neither be disre-
garded nor trifled with. Public sentiment has even
made the olden thrones of Europe tremble to their
centre; and in England, the largest, most enlight-
ened, and most powerful aiistocracy in the world
has been made to recede before its march. Even ;
with the bayonets of regular soldiers bristling in 1
the front of Government, public sentiment, which ;
is but" the enlightened opinion and feeling of the !
vastmultitude, has earned, and is destined to carry, [
step by step, every useful and necessary reform j
which could contribute to the public welfare. Is it, 1
then, for us to begin, in this new era, the work of!
resistance to universal public sentiment, and to re- [
verse the policy of our free institutions ? Is it for us f
by our acts to proclaim to the monarchies of Eu- !
rope, that in peace republics are secure, but that in i
war they are incapable of abiding the shock of con- I
tending nations ? Is this to be our new creed ? We
avow this by the bill—in substance we declare it., i
for we declare by this act that we are not willing |
to intrust those who are the natural supporters of j
the republic with arms in their hands. That no .
matter how many sacrifices the volunteer citizen ,
soldier is willing to make for his country—no mat- i
ter how brave he'may be—though his blood is yet j
fresh upon the streets of Monterey—though he has 1
borne our eagles triumphantly there, and eagerly
desires the honor of bearing them victoriously to i
the city of Mexico, he is nevertheless to be spurned, j
coldly, deliberately, without cause, and unjustifi- i
ably. Is this wise? Is it .safe? Is this contempt |
to public sentiment the example which the world \
had a right to expect from lepublican America? ;
No, sir; and the time will come if this war is \
protracted, when this act will recoil upon the |
Government, and we shall loel the necessity off
making another appeal to the volunteer spirit of the
country. Public sentiment and feeling will then |
be vindicated, and he ventured to pronounce that i
this violation of it is the last experiment of the ;
kind which will ever be attempted in this country. ,
The time never again will come, when a vast crowd ]
of volunteers, eager for service for any length of'
time, no matter how, or how long, as long as the j
war may last, will ever be spumed by their Gov- ;
ernment. He had no question but public, sentiment j
and feeling would most triumphantly vindicate itself, j
and write its irreversible judgment in the history of 1
this country, which neither individuals nor pai ties>, 1
however great or powerful, or anxious, will be I
able to escape.
lie had scarcely a hope of being able to chance
the vote which had been given; bill he considered ,
it due to the occasion and to himself, to add this
much to what he had heretofore said upon this ;
subject, lie know he had not done anything like
full justice to the question, but left it, where it :
would go into the hands of an enlightened, proud, ;
and free people—to the brave volunteeis them- i
selves, who would discuss it with their hands upon 1
their hearts, and scorn upon their biows, for this
wronss which was about to be done to them and to >
the Republic. j
HEIRS OF D. D. TOMPKINS. j
REMARKS OF MR. G. RATMBUN, !
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 4, 1847.
In Committee of the Whole, on the Civil and Diplo-
matic Appiopriation Bill.
Mr. RATKUUN obtained the iloor, and sub-
mitted' a few remarks, as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I have not risen with the inten-
tion of making a speech, but to present to the con-
sideration^ this committee the amendment offered
by my colleague, [Mr. Jexklxs,] not now in his
seat, and to oiler some reasons why, m my judg-
ment, that amendment ought to be adopted. The
object of that amendment is, to pay to the children
and heirs-at-law of Daniel D. Tompkins, deceased,
forty nine thousand seven hundred and ninety-
five dollars, due to Governor Tompkins, in the
year 1824, as I shall endeavor to prove before I sit
down.
When the war between this country and Great
Britain commenced, in 3812, Mr. Tompkins was
Governor of the State of New York, and contin-
ued in that important office until the close of the
war. The indebtedness to which I have alluded,
grew out of his services and sacrifices in behalf
of this Government, in the defence of our common
country, and in the protection of the property and
lives of our people. Boon after the commencement
of the war, the War Department transmitted to i
Governor Tompkins, without previous notice, and j
without any consent or permission, on his part, !
fifty thousand dollars, with a request that he would j
disburse the same for the use of the army on the |
Canadian frontier. This duty he performed faith- ,
fully and expeditiously. This was the commence- .
ment of his arduous duties of general disbursing ;
officer of the United States. He was also com- i
inander-in-chief of the third military district of the !
United States, embracing the State of New York, j
and, I believe, a part or the whole of some other ;
States. Heheld,and performed the duties of three j
responsible and laborious offices at the same time; |
he contributed more than any one man in the j
! Union, to the success of our arms in repelling the j
' invaders of our soil. :
Mr. Tompkins disbursed for this Government :
; very nearly two millions of dollars. This sum i
; was charged to him, and he was alone responsible i
I for it; yet the paymasters and quartermasters of the j
1 United States, not appointed by, nor icspons'ible to j
' him, received this money and expended it for the 1
army. In this manner he became surety for all of;
them. Sir, he did more, he borrowed for the use |
of the United States morn than one million three j
hundred thousand dollars, some of it partly upon
the credit of this Go\ernmcnt, and some of it upon
his own individual responsibility, lie becamc
personally responsible in every case. The money
could not he obtained upon the credit of the Gov- ,
ernment. ile. possessed a foi tune; he had acquiied I
an influence, by his patriotic sei vices and sacuiiees, 1
incomparably beyond that of any other man; his
position as governor, as commander-in-chief, as
general disbursing officer, his integrity as a man,
gave him great weight and influence with moneyed
men, and enabled him to obtain what the credit of i
the United States could not command at that time.
In the year 1814, the Biitish prepared to invade
the State of New York with two large armies, in-
] tending to destroy two American armies, one at
Sackett's Harbor, the other near Lake Champlam.
I Having accomplished this object, of which they
entertained no doubt, they were to take all the
, cities and villages along the Hudson river, and
j finally to take ponsession of the city of New York.
At this time, James Monroe was Secretary of War.
1 The (_io\etnmcnt here was advised of the inten-
tions of the enemy—of the minoi tance of immedi-
ate supplies of men and money to repel the mva-
1 s:«on; but it had not the power to supply either—it
. could do nothing. This city had been taken by a
I British army; the Capitol was a heap of smoking
: rums; the public buildings were all destroyed: the
I whole Govern ment disorganized; public confidence
; destroyed, and public credit annihilated. In this
j, penod of despair and darkness—the darkest ever
!! known since the Revolution—one Biitish army
| marching victorious through this section of the
'■ Union, two others approaching New Yoik, confi-
I' dent m their strength, eager for conflict: the Gov-
, ermnent, without resouices of any kind to resist
the enemy, turns its attention to New York—
' calls upon Governor Tompkins to procure the
I'men and means at any sacrifice, and to save the
II armies underGcneral Macomb and General Brown.
Sir, the eyes of the whole nation were upon him,
their hopes centered in him, their safety was in his
i hands; and his conduct was worthy of the causc
and of the man; lie was equal to the emergency,
i But, sir, the letter of Mr. Monroe is so emphatic
and explicit on this point, that I wish it read by
by the Clerk. He says:
: "General Macomb, at Piambm<rh. is m danirct fiom a
; r-uperior loice maichm^ tig.iuij-t him, and (*;*'iei<il Brown is
! alike cxpo*< d tu imminent uatigci. (t hi the power ot
your State to m;ike an overturn that will not onlv c-uve tho-r-
I ju.nie-, but ciu-h the British loice employed against them.
M.ij I entreat you to ( all out sue h a toiee in each quarter
j immediately, and hutry it to the v>< cue of action? I do not
I go into any detail, because \ou are too well acquainted with
I, all the cucumstauees meriting attention to n quire it. Gen-
ii eial Izard i- marching to the aid ot Gcneiai JBiown ; but as
j! he takes Sackett'< Haibor in his loute, and depends on a
!; «onve>anuo thenee by vvator by Commodore Chauace>'s
flotilla, theie is much uncertainty in his movement. I wjsh
your meaMiies to be taken independently of all calculation
on him, since the expenses attending them count as nothing
compared with the salvation ot Brown's atm-y, and of the
post of Sackett's Haibor, which must also claim your atten-
tion. It is the object ot the enemy to overwhelm u  in this
campaign; and I have satisfactory reason to believe that
they indulge the piesumptuous hope;,of penetiating from the
Jakes, by Albany, to the city of New York. A vigorous and
manly exertion is therefore necessary on your part "
Men and money were to be raised to crush those
two British armies and to save durs. This was
the request. History informs us how faithfully
those directions were obeyed. The British were
defeated and driven back; the armies of Brown and
Macomb were saved; 44 the presumptuous hopes
of our enemies, of penetrating from the lakes, by
Albany, to the city of New York," were destroy-
ed, and peace hastened.
Sir, when Governor Tompkins was thus called
upon to save our armies, crush British armies, and
save the country, he had aheady become responsi- •
ble for a large amount of money borrowed for this
Government. He foresaw the perils which after-
wards befel him. He knew the danger, but he
| also knew his duty as a man and a patriot. Mr*
1 Rufus King conversed with him about t<- the con-
i ' dition of the treasury, the unprotected state of the
i ' city of New York, and the inability of the Gen-
i ' oral Government to protect it, and urged, from
• ' the peculiar situation in which Providence had
j ' placed him, that it was his solemn duty to make
j 4 great exertions, and to assume great responsibili-
| 'ties; that the State, in a great measure, looked
'to him for its protection, and that he must call
j 1 out themihtia, a$d find resources to pay them.'31
! He replied that " he was already committed very
| ' deeply, and that, if he should go further in
I ' pecuniary responsibilities, he should do it at the
\ 4 risk of ruin." Mr. King " urged him to do his
4 duty, and if ruin was the consequence, to con-
lscnt to endure itr and look to the honor and grati-
' tude of his country."
I said a moment since that Governor Tompkins
knew the dangei he encountered. He knew that
his estate was endangered. He knew that he was
likely to be plunged from a state of aflluencc and
independence into one of poverty. But the lan-
guage of Mr. King was that of pure patriotism,
addressed to as pure a patriot as ever lived. The
words found a response in that noble and generous
heart, which always responded to his country's
call, and always relied upon the honor and justice
of his country—his suffering country, pressed by
haughty and victorious enemies at every assailable
point, left him no option. lie icsigned his fortune
and fame for her safety, and he saved her; and he
lost all but hit honor. He became poor; died poor j
but his name is imperishable.
Mr. Oh'airman, soon after the close of the war,
all the accounts of disbursing officers for the army
were settled, excepting this one of Governor Tomp-
kins. And this remained unadjusted until the year
18:23. He could do nothing with the accounting
officers of the tieasury. He was held up as a pub-
lic defaulter; he was charged with dishonesty.
Yes, sn; that man who had taken upon himself,
his wife and children, poverty and dependence*,
who had sacrificed all to save his country; whose
whole life was one of pure, spotless integrity, in
the horn of advet sity, when the dark clouds were
settling gloomily around him, those clouds weie
made blacker and the gloom more portentous by
the charge of dishonesty which was ringing through
the land. In 1823 Congress passed an act autho-
rizing the accounting officers ol the trcasuiy to set-
tle his accounts on principles of justice and equity
under the direction of the President [Mr. Monroe.]
His accounts weie investigated, and it was ascer-
tained in the year 1624, that there was due him at
the close of the war $93,913 13. The balance of
this sum was paid in 1834, ten years after it was
due. In the meantime, the weight of his liabili-
ties pressed upon him; interest, costs, sacrifices on
property at forced sales, consumed all he had. Mr.
Monroe, on the 28th of April, 1824, sent to the
House of Representatives a message on the sub-
ject of this claim, a part of which 1 ask the Clerk
to reak. It is this:
Fioin the amount thus allowed to Mr. Tompkins, after
dpductmg the sum paid him under the act ot the present
session, and the moneys charged to his account, there will
remain a balance due him ot ^60.2^8 46, as appears by the
sketch herewith communicated.
" In making a final decision ou Mr. Tompkins5* claims, a
