1847.] ■
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kaufman.
Ho. of Reps.
question aiises, Shall interest be allowed him on the amount
■ol the commission on his disbursements > The law of the
last session grants to the President a power to allow interest
on moneys advanced by him to the public, but does not
authorize it on the commission to be allowed on Ms dis-
feursements. To make sach allowance belongs exclusively
to Congre^. Had his claims been settled at the end of the
last war, on the principles established by the law of the last
se?-sion, a commission on disbursements would then have
been allowed him. This consideration opeiates with gieat
force in favor of the allowance of interest on that commis-
sion, at this time, which I recommend to Congress. I think
proper to add, that the official relation which I bore to Gov-
ernor Tompkins at that very interesting epoch, under the
hignly distinguished and meritorious citizen under whom
we botli served, enabling me to feel very sensibly the value
of his seivices, evcites a strong interest in his favor, which
I deem it not impioper to expicss."
Interest was charged to Governor Tompkins on
tlie $50,000 sent to him, as I have before stated,
until the disbursing officers gave the requisite se-
curity to the Government and received the money.
At the same time the money was lying in the State
Bank at Albany. The same thing: was done in
regard to $600,000 of treasury warrants which lie
received from the Government for the purpose of
obtaining a loan. He was authorized to convert
them into current coin at ten per cent, below par.
The notes or warrants were to be made out in the
city of New York. On this sum he was charged
interest at par, and for a long time before they were
made out to be used. This service was put upon
him, not sought or desired, and yet he was charged
interest.
Sir, I will now return to the President's message
and the action of tins House. He recommends
the payment of the interest on the $92,000, amount-
ing to the sum named in the bill. This message
was referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and they made the following report to the House,
the House adopting the resolution reported by the
committee:
" Jl-pnl 14, 1824.—The Committee of Ways and Means, to
whom was refened the Message of the President oi the Uni-
ted States of tiie 25th of March, 1824, relative to the ac-
counts of Daniel D. Tompkins, report:
" That the accounts of Mr. Tompkins underwent a full
investigation by a committee of the House, appointed at the
second session of the hist Congiess, who made a detailed
report thereon; and m the views of the committee then
expressed, as to the services of Governoi Tompkins and of
his claims to the justice and liberality of his country, tins
committee fully concur.
" On a consideiation of the claims and accounts of Gov-
ernor Tompkins, the committee at the hist session repoited
in favor of and recommended—
<{ l«t. An allowance of interest on all moneys advanced
by Imn on account of the public, from the time of making
such advances to the time of his being reimbursed.
<;2d. An allowance of a reasonable commission on all
moneys disbut^ed by him durmgthelate war.
"3d, An indemnity lor losses sustained by him, in conse-
quence of any taiiure on the part of Government to fulfil its
engagements to send him money and treasury notes within
tlie time specified, to be deposited m certain banks as col-
lateral security for loans procured by him at the request and
on account of the Government.
"4th. An in responsibility for losses incurred by any frauds
or failures of sub-agents, to whom moneys were advanced
through his hands. jj
c- In conformity with this repoif, a bill was passed autho- |
rizmg 4 the proper accounting officers of th^ trna<.ury to i
adjust and settle the accounts and claims of Daniel I), j
Tompkins, late Governor of the State of New York, on '
principles of equity and justice, subject to the revision and j
final decision of the President of rhe Tinted States.5 ;
" The committee have no doubt that Governor Tompkins !
lias been, and yet is, a creditor of rhe Government to a laige ;;
amount, and that every principle of ju^ticc would recom- Si
mend a prompt and liberal settlement of his accounts upon i j
the basis of the foregoing rcpoit, but they are ot opinion, j;
also, that the act of Congress, before recited, gives sufficient \'
authority for this purpose- i
" So far as the committee have been informed, it appears i1
that the aforesaid act has been hbeially mterpieted by the
President and the accounting officers, and that, under the u
provisions of that law, the Piesident of the United States !]
now possesses the power, and ought, in the opinion of the l!
committee, to eaercise it, of doing full and liberal justice to
Governoi Tompkins.
" The committee do not perceive anv good reason, there-
fore, for making any change in the existing law, and tecom-
mend the follow ing resolution :
"Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged 1'iom the further consideration ot the subject,
and that it be again referred to the President of the United
States for his final decision."
This would seem to be conclusive as to the pro-
priety of this claim. But there is additional evi-
dence, to which I will call the attention of the
committee. In 1832, at the request of Governor
Tompkins, the United States commenced an ac-
tion against him, which was tried in the circuit
court of the United States held in the city of New
York. On that trial the jury rendered a verdict
for the defendant. I have the fact certified by the
clerk of that court; here it is. The jury went fur-
ther; they gave a certificate in favor of Governor
Tompkins for one hundred and thirty-six thousand
dollars. In looking at the names of the jury, I find
the name of Stansbury, who is now near me,
and who just mentioned the fact. The suit was
strongly contested. The defendant attended to his
own defence in person; able counsel was opposed
to him.
Now, sir, allow me to state a fact: this verdict or
certificate includes interest; and, when compared
with the statement ot' the account as made by
President Monroe, including the interest on the
balance due, previous to any payment, shows a
difference of bat a few hundred dollars. We
have, then, the opinion of the President, to whom
it was referred, the opinion of the Committee of
Ways and Means, the opinion of the House of
Representatives, the verdict of a jury under oath,
all concurring and declaring this sum to be due.
The heiis a*sk only what was due in 1824. They
demand no interest on that sum.
Mr. Chairman, it may be asked, why this claim
has slept so long? 1 answer, Mr. Tompkins died
in 1825; Mrs. Tompkins made arrangements to
have this claim adjusted, but before anything was
in fact done, she died. She survived her husband
only a few years* She left the present claimants
children, ignorant of the claim, and too young to
attend to it.
Thus, sir, this claim slept until a year ago last
summer, when the petitioner, in examining the pa-
pers left by his father, discovered this letter, writ-
ten to Governor Tompkins by Henry Clay, who
at that time was Speaker of this House. I ask the
Clerk to read it for me:
' u Wheeling, Virginia, June 1824.
"My dear. Sir: The mountain air and the mountain jos-
tle have replaced some of that strength which I wasted at
Washington, and enable me to address you a few lines which
it had been mv intention to have wi itton from that city. But
I presume some otherfriendha«alre(idyapprized you of the
course which vonr business took in the Senate.
" It seems that it was thought best to put nothing at haz-
ard, and to pa««s the bill as it went from the House. I could
have wished that one other opportunity should have been
otfei ed to obtain you the. allowance of'interest at the late
session of the Hou^c of Repre-untahvns, as I wa« strongly
inclined to believe that the claim to it would have been ad-
mitted. However, what vou have obtained is so much cer-
tain, and it does not impair your right to the residue, which
can be asseited at the next or any other session.
" Do you persist in yoiu purpose to visit Europe ?
" Be plea?ed to make my best respects to Mrs. Tompkins
and to the young ladies, and believe me faithfully vour
friend, H. CLAY.
" The Hon. D. D. Tompkins."
This evidence, in addition to what I have before
adverted to, seems to me to put this claim upon a
foundation so strong that it cannot be objected to;
and yet I know there will be objections—there
always are objections—to every claim, no matter
how conclusive the proof may be in support of it.
It may be objected that now is not the time to pay
this claim; that Government requires all its funds
to carry on the war with Mexico. Sir, these heirs
of Daniel D. Tompkins have too much of the pa-
triotic spirit of the father to desire or permit the ;
Government to be crippled or embarrassed on their '
account. Let them be paid in bonds or treasury j
notes, bearing the same interest that you now pay I
for loans, payable at the pleasure of the Govern-
ment. They will be content.
But, sir, I look upon the present occasion as
most opportune for the payment of this debt. It
is an old war debt—a debt contracted in a war of
defence; it Is a debt due for the most patriotic ser-
vices and sacrifices. It is due to the heirs of a jj
man who threw into the scale, on his country's |]
side, all that he possessed—who " relied upon the ji
gratitude and honor of his country to do him jus-
tice." Let us seize the present occasion not only i
to do justice, but to show to the world that the j
man who, in the darkest hour of his country's j
peril, when money and credit were both exhaust-j
ed, when haughty and victorious enemies are rush- .
ing to our destruction, will fly to her rescue, sac- !
rifice for her all he has, take upon himself pov- j
erty and reproach—let us show, I say, that his |
country possesses gratitude and honor—that she
can and will be just. j
Sir, it is fortunate, in my judgment, that this j
occasion presents itself, that we may show our re- ,
gard for those who will serve their country faith- !
fully. Let us show, by the paymentof this claim, |
that we know and can feel some of the fires of that j
patriotism which impels to the battle-field, which 1
i braves death in every form,, and which stops at no
| sacrifices in behalf of our country. Do you want
1 money ? It will give those who have it confidence
! in your integrity, and they will supply you with
! alacrity. Do you want soldiers? it will show
1 them that you can be just—that you can appre-
ciate and will reward patriotic services. Do you
j desire success to our arms? Wipe out this stain
j upon your country's honor. The father, one of
| the brightest and purest of American statesmen,
i descended to the grave with his reputation shroud-
j ed in a mist generated in the rank soil of national
i ingratitude and injustice. Wipe out that mist
] which you have created, and let the American peo-
i pie see the fair fame of the man they so much loved
' and venerated shine forth in all its unsullied purity.
< Sir, I hope when we come to vote to-morrow, we
1 shall see this amendment adopted by a strong and
• decisive vote. I trust it will be. This claim has
; existed more than thirty years. Let us not be
1 cluuged with its longer delay.
I ought to add, m conclusion, that specific losses
are mentioned and proved, on the part of Mr.
. Tompkins. I will name some of them. He lost
upon stock pledged as security for a loan, sixty
thousand dollars. On real estate mortgaged for the
same purpose, sold on foreclosures, forty thousand
dollars. There are more, but it is needless to enu-
merate them here. I have stated how others were
' treated who loaned money to the Government—
Governor Tompkins was an exception—he who
should have been first, was made last; he who
deserved all praise, was condemned. How he
appreciated the wrongs done to him, the sufferings
and ignominy imposed upon him, let his own
feeling and emphatic language answer:
"l,\vho made advances and solicited the same treatment,
have not only been defeated m my expectations of the per-
foimance of the public faith,'but have been traduced and
calumniated for yeais throughout this community as a vil-
lain and a swindler, merely because I could not perform the
engagements I had made, owing; to the non-performance of
the pledges of the Government to me. They not only re-
ceived the teims of the loan of 1 14, but have actually
received, oi their alienees have, compound mteic«t on the
stock. The\ have had no cares to encounter, no prison to
biave, no lamily to weep oxer, no sorrows to afflict Uiem.
But to me, for the toilsome da}*, sleeplef-s nights, anxious
caies, domestic bereavement-5, impaired constitution, debil-
itated body, unjust abuse and censure, and accumulated
pecuniary embarrassments, nothing is yielded—for which
treatment, permit me to say, sir, the whole treasury of the
country can never_atone."
THE SLAVERY GtUESTlON.
SPEECH OF DAVID S. KAUFMAN,
OF TEXAS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1847.
The following Bill, reported by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, being under'consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, viz:
A BILL making further provision for the expenses attend-
ing the intercourse between the United States and foreign
nations.
Whereas war exiM* between these United States and the
Republic of Mexico, and assurances- have b.^-ti mven to the
(iovfinincnt of Mexico of the Piesident's wi-h to settle all
questions between the 1 wo countries on liberal and &nti«lac-
torv terms to each, and theii mutual interest and security;
and the President may be able to conclude peace with the
republic of Mexico pnoi to the next session of Congress, if
means for that object are at bis disposal: And whereas, in
the adjustment ot the many complicated questions between
the two countries, it may happen that an expendituie of
money will be called for by the stipulations of any treaty
winch may be entered into: Therefoie,
Be it enacted bi) tht Senate and House of Represent,ativtt
of the United Slntp? of America ui Conorest) assembled, That
the sum of thirty thousand dollars be. and the same is hereby
appropriated, out of any money m the treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to enable the President to enter upon
negotiations for the restoiation of peace with Mexico; and
also the fiim ot three millions of dollars be hereby appro-
priated, out of anv money m the trea^uiy not otherwise ap-
propi inied, to enable the President to conclude a treaty of
peace with tiie republic of Mexieo, to be used by him in the
event that said treaty, when duly ratified by Mexico, shall
call for the expenditure of the same, or any part thereof:
i Provided, That full and accurate accounts of all the>c ex-
i penditures shall be by him transmitted to Congress as soon
| as practicable:
I The following was offered as an additional sec-
i tion to said bill, by Mr. Wijlmoi, of PeiGisylva-
| nia:
i Sec. 2. v2«tf be U further enacted. That there shall be nei-
