1847 .J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kaufman.
Ho. of Reps.
to the acquisition of any territory. In proof of this,
I might refer to their frequent declarations here; to
a. bi!f some time since endeavored to be introduced
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
and to the following extract from an amendment
offered to a bill similar to this by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] in the other
end of this Capitol:
" That the war with Mexieo ought not to be prosecuted
by this Government with any view to the dismemberment of
that republic, or to the acquisition bu conquest of any portion
of her territory." *•
The Whigs, then, under any circumstances, if
we are permitted to judge from their declarations,
-will go against the acquisition of territory; and if
you adopt the principles of this amendment as the
settled policy of the Government, every southern
Representative, not utterly recreant to his duty to his
constituents, will be compelled to pursue a similar
course, and then there will be but a small number
left to advocate the further acquisition of territory.
And thus those Democrats who support this pro- >
viso, if successful, will effectually prostrate the !
Administration of their choice; for the country I
would hardly sustain any Administration that !
would terminate a war " without indemnity for the ;
past and security for the future." •
I shall endeavor, Mr. Chairman, to discuss this |
question with all good temper and good feeling. !
Born at the North and fostered by the South, I
have no other feeling than an undivided affection
for the whole Union. Who can forget the place
of his nativity? Who could prove faithless to the
cherished land of his adoption? But it is my
duty to speak out fearlessly the truth. I consider
this amendment as totally inopportune and singu-
larly out of place. There may be "a time and a
place" for all things, but this is neither the time nor
the place for agitating a question that must shake !
this Union to its centre. Our foreign difficulties
ought to be first settled before we raise domestic
ones. The enemy of our country ought to be met
and effectually humbled, before we stir up internal
strife (if it must come) among ourselves. :
But however ill-timed may have been the entry i
of this bantling on the political stage, it is not
more so than are its features deformed and mis- !
shapen. Injustice is marked upon its front, and j
degradation to the South, or disunion, must follow i
its fatal adoption. It cannot be otherwise ! When-
ever the freemen of the South shall submit to po-
litical disfranchisement, they will prove them-
selves "degenerate sons of noble sires," and unfit
to be free. They would no longer be the fit asso-
ciates of freemen, and they would only secure the
contempt of those who inflicted the injury. But
this they will never do. Dearly as they love the
Union, proudly as they rally under the star-span-
glechbanner to meet their country's foe by sea or
by land, they would perish in the last ditch before
they would yield one tithe of their constitutional
rights and their blood-bought privileges ! You
may out vote them, you may bear them down at
the ballot-box, or by your voices in this Hall,
but they will still have left freedom's legacy, stout
hearts and strong arms, to work out their political
salvation.
I do not make these remarks by way of menace
or threat. Such an attempt is the farthest possible
from my thoughts. Thank God, the people of
every portion of this wide-spread Confederacy,
are brave and1 totally above all influence from fear.
The " northern mind" could be reached, not by
an appeal to their fears, but to their patriotic feel-
ings, and to those historic events which made,
and I humbly trust in the providence of God, not-
withstanding the clouds that sometimes over-
shadow our path, will, for ages, preserve us a
united people. I have made them for the purpose
of awakening the perhaps slumbering patriot
everywhere, in order that his voice may come up
trumpet-tongued to stimulate his Representative to
the discharge of his duty to the whole country,
and to give his " aid and comfort" to the friends
of that legacy bequeathed us by our fathers.
Our constitutional Union, Mr. Chairman, was
based upon compromise, and by compromise alone
can it be preserved. But when you depart from
this principle; when you take the lion's share of
the common stock, and appropriate it to one por-
• tion of the Union, and leave nothing for the other,
you at once destroy that equality which is the basis
of all lasting unions. And what is the proposition
of the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Where is that " neutrality" on the subject of sla-
very, so warmly contended for by that gentleman?
What " neutrality" is there in a scheme that pro-
vides that all the spoils of victory, though won by
the common blood and common treasure of both
North and South, should be open to the enjoy-
ment of the North alone ? Was there not real neu-
trality in what is contended for by the South, that
the territory won by the joint exertions of all
should be left open to all under the guaratees and
compromises of the Constitution?
But this amendment is not the offspring of equal-
ity. It says to the South, u Thus, far shaltthou go,
and no further." It substantially says to the South,
that her citizens shall not remove into any portion
of the territory, their blood or their treasure may
assist in acquiring, but they must remain within
their present limits; or, if they go there, they must
not take with them property guarantied to them by
the Constitution. Yes, sir, property guarantiedto the
South by the great compromises of the Federal Consti-
tution. 1 trust, sir, I shall not shock the nerves of
any sensitive gentleman in applying the word pro-
perty to slaves. In 1783, the British Government
(however diffeiently they might talk now) express-
ly recognised slaves os property. In the treaty of
peace of 1783, between Great Britain and the Uni-
ted States, signed by D. Hartley, on the part of
the British Government, and John Adams, Ben-
jamin Franklin, and John Jay, on the part of the
llnitcd States, (all northern men.)wi!l be found this
language : " His Britannic Majesty shall, with all
'convenient speed, and without causing any de-
' struction, or carrying away any negroes or other pro-
i perty of the American inhabitants, withdraw all his
1 armies, garrisons, and fleets, from the said United
' States." This treaty, recognising slaves as pro-
perty, was ratified by the British Government, and
was voted for bv every northern representative in
Congress, consisting of the following members:
Mr.Foster, of New Hampshire; Messrs.Gerry, Pa-
tridge, and Osgood, of Massachusetts;Messrs. El*
lery and Howell, of Rhode Island; Messrs. Sher-
man andWadsworth, of Connecticut; Mr. Beatty,
of New Jersey; and Messrs. Mifflin, Hand, and
Moms, of Pennsylvania. Here, then, we have
John Jay designating slaves as property, whose
character and sentiments were referred to with so
much approbation and complacency by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] upon
another question, (the war of 1812,) and Mr. Mor-
ris, of Pennsylvania, whose opinions, expressed
in the Federal Convention, formed a text for the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rathbun,] from
which he yesterday lectured northern Represent-
atives who dared to do their duty.
It had been well said by the able and distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] that "the ultra
opposition to slavery was not an American senti-
ment." It is an exotic; and if it flourish in the
new soil to which it has been transplanted, its in-
fluence will be as disastrous as that of the deadly
upas. It was not even a British sentiment, as I have
shown, in 1783. In the convention which framed
our Constitution, the North looked upon slaves as
so entirely possessing the character of property,
that they were for a long time unwilling that they
should be considered in any respect in the light of
persons in fixing the basis of congressional repre-
sentation,until,at last, the difficulty was settled by
the three-fifths basis, as it now stood—giving slaves
the mixed chaiacter of persons and property. This
sentiment had arisen since the early and better days
of our republic, and was looked to as the last re-
sort of the advocates of monarchy to overthrow
the .noblest Government ever erected by man.
We had shown in our revolutionary war and the
war of 1812, " the might that slumbers in a free-
man's arm;'5 and unless this last effort of foreign
abolitionism did the work which British steel could
not do, our republic would be perpetual. And
here, Mr. Chairman, permit me to read an ex-
tract clipped from a respectable newspaper, show-
ing very clearly the foreign origin of this mischiev-
ous movement:
" Objects of Abolitionists.—Henry C. Wright, n lead-
ing Abolitionist from Boston, has recently written a letter
dated at London, which has been published in the ' National
Anti-Slavery Standard,' m which he says:
" c Last Sunday we all spent with William Ashhurst at
i his lovely seat at Mm well Hill. Mr. Fox, the anti-corn-law
{ orator, and James Haughtnn were with us. Th# dissohdian.
i of the American Union, as the gigantic foe of liberty, the right
' of the British people to promote this object, and the duty of all
' friends of freedom to organize a league against slaveholding
i Governments, were prominent, topics of our conversation.3 "
And so, sir, the right of tke British people to effect
a dissolution of the American Union is boldly asserted
by an American Jfholitionist, and concurred in by his
British confederates ! Who can read such language
without feeling the blush of shame mantling on his
<?heek, that America should have ever given birth
to such a bastard and traitorous son ?
It is not my intention to discuss the question of
slavery m the abstract. If wrong it be, it is enough
for me to know that, the people of the South are in
no way answerable for that wrong. They found
it existing amongst them without any agency on
their part; and if they were disposed to abolish it,
it could not be done, except in the lapse of time,
without consequenccs of the most awful character.
That it was introduced into the American colonies
by the agency of the British Government, and even
against the remonstrances of those colonies, history
will bear her testimony. Those very foreigners
who now met and caballed to sow the seeds of po-
litical dissolution and ultimate ruin in this Republic,
are the sons of those who entailed slavery upon the
colonies. And the place where these foreign in-
cendiaries receive the gieatest support, the city of
Boston, (I by no means intend to implicate any-
thing like a majority of her citizens,) furnished the
first individual, James Smith, a Boston merchant,
who in 1645 imported slaves into the American
colonies. I make this assertion on the authority
of George Bancroft, a Massachusetts historian.
The advocates of the proposed amendment, if 1
understand correctly their position, base their con-
stitutional right to pass it on Sec. 4, Art. 4, of the
Constitution of the United States, which is as fol-
lows: 44 The Congress shall have power to dispose
c of and make all need fid rules and regulations re-
£ specting the terrritory and other property belong-
4 ing to the United States." And here, let me re-
mark, how cautiously this grant of power is made;
and how latitudinarian must be the construction that
would warrant, under such a grant, the adoption of
this amendment! The Constitution, in granting to
Congress power over the District of Columbia and
places purchased from the States for the erection of
" forts, magazines,arsenals, and dock yards,"uses
the language, that ''Congress shallJiare power to
exercise exclusive legislation m all casts tohatsoever
over such district and such places;" whereas, in
regard to the territory of the United States, they
are only authorized to " make all needful rules and.
regulations." Mark the strong distinction in the
grants of power! In the first grant, how full and
comprehensive ! In the second, how limited and re-
stricted! In the one ceise, it is exclusive legislative
power; in the other, a mere right to dispose of and
to make needful rules and regulations; evidently al-
luding to such rules and regulations as may be neces-
sary to carry into effect the power granted of dispos-
ing of said territory. Let us look further into the
terms of this grant of power. Congress has power
to make all " needful rules and regulations." Will
it be said that the framers of the Constitution could
have intended that such a stretch of power as is
contained in this amendment was a "needful rule ?"
Could men representing slave States in that con-
vention (for New York then had 25,000 slaves,
and New Jersey 15,000, and indeed every State
but one had then slaves within its limits) have im-
agined that such a rule as this is was a rule u need-
ful" in its character? The supposition cannot be
maintained. But this grant is confined in its terms
to "territory belonging to the United Slates."
Does this territory upon which we now propose to
plant this restriction u belong to the United States?"
What says the amendment'1 It expressly applies
to " territory which shall hereafter be acquired by
or annexed to the United States." Again, it is
only in regard to territory or other property belong-
ing to the United States that we are authorized to
make "needful rules and regulations;" and yet
under this grant we are asked to make rules and
regulations in regard to pioperty not belonging to
the United States, but which belongs to individuals.
You are asked to say, that if a slave goes to this
territory, he is free; and thus you are directly le-
gislating in regard to property belonging to individ-
uals t and not to the United States! Such is the
