160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Tax on Tea and Coffee—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
quire territory from Mexico. They expect to ac-
quire it. ~ So do I. They will not wait till our
claim is made good by treaty cession, nor by a
formal national legislative act, converting our mili-
tary possession into a civil and permanent own-
ership, and then enact laws for its Government.
In their hot haste they wish now to declare what
law on one subject shall or shall not govern in
the territory they have made up their minds to ac-
quire. In this they expect me to go with the^i.
They must excuse me. I will "first catch my
fish," and cook him and eat him afterwards. Af-
ter he shall have been caught, I will aid honorable
members here or elsewhere in dining upon him.
The catching, scaling, and gutting operation is in
the hands of onj* brave officers and soldiers. Gen-
eral Scott, or General Taylor, is chief angler, and
among hands, I expect they will haul in one of
these days the fish we are after, and a noble fish
he will turn out to be. Then I, or my successor,
will be h'ere to sit down with honorable members
and pick his bones.
Acquire your territory, place yourselves in a
position of undoubted right to legislate for it, and
my constituents will not lack a Representative on
this floor, instructed and prepared to vote for such
laws as the character of the territory and its popu-
lation may seem to demand. Judging from my
knowledge of their opinions, and of the locality
and character of the territory which it is most like-
ly we shall acquire, I presume the instruction will
be against the admission of slavery mto such ter-
ritory, so far as congressional action is concerned.
But of that they will be the best judges at the time
when action may become necessary. At any rate,
it would ill become me to affect to commit them
now, in advancc. The idea of surrounding the
slave States with a cordon of free States, which I
have heard advocated here, is one which I should
judge, from my knowledge of my constituents,
they will be too neighborly, and too desirous of
keeping themselves, as far as possible, free from
the nuisance of a free negro population, to adopt.
On the contrary, I should suppose they would look
to keeping the way open for the emigration of free
negroes to the South, towards regions beyond the
Isthmus of Darien, and towards Africa, and the
Torrid Zone.
There, sir; I have gone beyond the honorable
member's catechism, and have not only told him
all I know, but what I guess; and lie and other
sanguine gentlemen, who seem to have imagined
that this is a tender subject m Indiana, may make
all they can of it. My constituents are calm and
placid on this subject. God keep them so, and
from the folly of ultraisms, and from ideas of im-
possible projects. Then will they be ever prepared
to tlunk wisely and to act advisedly in any prem-
ises.
Sir, there is another point of view in which this
subject must be presented. Suppose we pass the
"Wilmot proviso into a law,, what then? Will it
be irrepealable ? I am told that the Legislature of
the great State of New York has adopted a resolu-
tion requesting us to adopt the principle of the
Wilmot proviso, and pass it into an "unchange-
able law." Had the Legislature of Texas or Iowa
adopted a resolution calling upon Congress to pass
an unchangeable law, one might have been dis-
posed to let them off easily, on the score of their
inexperience in matters ot legislation, and constitu-
tional law. But verily, \yhen the Empire State—
the Gamaliel State of the Union, at whose feet the
little commonwealths around have heretofore sat,
to gather her words of wisdom—publishes such
nonsen&e, one is in danger of distrusting the com-
mon sense of the intellectual universe. An un-
changeable law? In what clause of the Constitu-
tion are we to look for the power of Congress to
pass an unchangeable law? I am well aware that
in past times, certain acts of Congress have not
been changed; but it does not follow that they could
not have been changed. The tariff law, commonly
callcd the compromise act, and the Missouri com-
promise act, were respected, and no one thought of
changing them, because, by them, gieat interests
were adjusted, and gieat contests compromised,
by a consent almost general. And if the principle
involved in the Wilmot proviso could be adopted
here, and in the other Hall, by general consent,
and as a compromise, we might hope to see our
legislation in accordance therewith undisturbed.
But we very well know that, if adopted at all, it
will be by a sectional majority, and hence the cer-
tain result would be, repeated efforts to repeal or
modify it. We have no power to prevent our suc-
cessors from repealing any law we may enact.
Sir, we in the Middle States, bordering along
between free and slave States, and in the Western
States, bordered on the South by slave territory,
and on the North by Canada and the great lakes,
hold the balance of power on this question. I ;
trust our po'wer will be exerted wisely, and for the .
peace of these United States. I think Pennsylva- j
nia, and Ohio, and Illinois, and Iowa, have their :
common sense yet left them, and are disinclined to ;
anticipate troublesome questions, or to assert for |
Congress the power to pass unchangeable laws. 1
I hope, too, that further north there may be found !
some calm, cool members, who will give their aid |
in turning out of this Hall, sacred to national pur-1
poses, this disturber of the peace, this Jacobinical i
question, begotten of folly upon faction, for merely j
sectional consumption, and fanatical consolation.
I hope that even some New Yorkers, who live
not, politically, upon passing popular impulses,
•but in and for the honor of their country, the per-
petuity of the union of our States, and for public
opinion, settled advisedly, may see in the impos-
sibility demanded of them by the Legislature of
their State, a weakness and folly which,will exon-
erate them from respect for such behests, and lead
them to appeal therefrom to the sober second
thought of their constituencies. New York must
think again on this matter.
I am persuaded to hope that the measure will be
defeated, and that those politicians who have had
a brief existence in its artificial stimulation, may
share the fate which awaits factionists and dema-
gogues in this country ot' well-informed sovereigns,
and " fall, like Lucifer, never to rise again.
Mr. Chairman, I have been asked why it is that
I so seldom have anything to say of the honorable
gentlemen on the Whig side of the House, and
why I have found several occasions to make the
arguments and course of Democrats on this floor
the subject of special criticism and animadver-
sion ? Sir, I will answer. The gentlemen on the
other side I take to be irreclaimable. Of them, it
may be said, " Ephraim is joined to his idols: let
him alone.'" But there may be hope of reclaiming
a wandering Democrat; and besides, if he fail to
reclaim himself, and persists in idolatry, it is the
duty of some one to hand him over to the Philis-
tines, that he may no longer be an Achan in Israel's
camp.
And again: The honorable gentlemen on the
Whig side of the House are like a sick lady, after
accouchment, " doing as well as could be expect-
ed." Their prime object is to unhorse, it pos-
sible, the Democratic Administration and party.
Let them labor in their vocation. They would
be harmless here, if on this side of the House we
would be united. The tactics of those honorable
gentlemen are admirable. Having a carte blanche
from their constituents to give any obnoxious vote
calculated to bring us into tribulation, and to defeat
Administration measures, they watch ourside like
hawks upon the perch. If they find discontent or
faction among us, they nurse it, and take its au-
thor into the range of their special courtesy. If,
upon any vote, they find a minority of our mem-
bers breaking off from the majority, they unite
their "votes to those of the faction on our side, and
carry or defeat a measure. Of all this, I have
nothing to say. They are, I presume, doing what
they think to' be their duty. But this I will say:
After daily practising such policy here, and often
with signal success too, they ought not to censuie
the President for permitting Santa Ana to land in
Mexico, thereby adding another to the heads of
| factions which misgovern, divide, and harrass the
people of Mexico, and giving a new impulse to
their popular and national confusion.
In one respect, they have developed a peculiar
idea. In time of profound peaces their predecessors
voted for a duty upon tea and coffee. Now, in
time of tear, they themselves will, I suppose, vote
against such a tax to be levied during the war.
Ergo, it is Whig doctrine to levy more revenue in
time of peace than in time of war.
NOTE.
Mr. WJGK desires to ree©rd here a few facts and consid-
erations, very well understood by those who heard the above
speech, but which may not be clearly known to, or compre-
hended by, all of tho-e who may read it. Mexico lias no
settled government Hero after hero, and demagogue after
demagogue '• pronounce" eacli other out of authority, and, as
a consequence, succeed to it themselves. The despot of the
present hour lehes upon two powers to sustain him—"the
opinion ot the arm\,"as he himself has expressively called
it, and the good will of the church and its authorities. To
secure the u opinion of the army," he must pay the army.
The blockade of Mexican poits by our navy has cut short the
revenue usually dei ived from tariff laws; and the Mexican
people have been so much cajoled by demagogues, and have
bo ignorantly and stupidly been led by them to resist the idea
of direct taxation, that they will riot submit ton ; and, in fact,
the masses have nothing from which revenue could be de-
rived by dnect taxation. The Mexican chuich is rich, arid
there is but two wavs to raise money to pay ttie army—one
by fleecing the church, and the other by making peace with
us; transternng temtory m satisfaction of our demands,
and receiving a further compensation, in money, which it
is our interest to pay for terntoiy and peace. Were the
Mexican despot (Santa Ana) to fleece the church, he would
lose on^ of the two supports of his power, ami would fall.
If he fails to pay his aimy, he will lo^e the other suppoit of
his power, and will fall It is believed that if the means
could be furnished to pay the army, by treaty with us, a
treaty might be made. 13ut lo control the Mexican army,
the money must be at hand and paid out forthwith. Hence
the President has asked the appropriation^ thiee millions,
alluded to in the above speech, to enable him to effect a
treaty of peace, and a large acquisition of terruoiy. To the
bill making this appropriation the amendment is offered,
and pending, commonly called the "Wilmot proviso." It
provokes discussion, and pioduces division and delay in the
passage of the bill. It prevented the passage of the hill last
session. It is not at all a necessary piece of legislation.
To make sure of the passage of the bill, and to accelerate
it, Mr. Wick opposes the proviso as an amendment.
Some have interred from this, that should the proviso be
amnexdd to the bill, Mr. Wick will therefore vote against it.
Not so. The main object is to sustain the Executive in a
measure calculated to secure peace, and Mr. W. will vote
for tins bill in the best shitpe he can get it, and against all
amendments calculated to provoke discussion and produce
delay.
TAX ON TEA AND COFFEE.
SPEECH OF MR. A. JOHNSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatiyes,
February 2, 1847.
In Committee of the iVhole on the state of the
Union, on the Civil and Diplomatic Appropria-
tion Bill—
Mr. JOHNSON said: He agreed with the mem-
ber who had just, taken his seat [Mr. Wentwortii] -
in many of the conclusions he had come to in rela-
tion to taxing tea and coffee. Yet he (Mr. J.) was
of the opinion that he could satisfy the member
from Illinois, the House, and the whole country,
that the Executive and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury were against taxing tea and coffee at this time.
He said he happened to be one of those unfortu-
I nate or fortunate members, as the case may be,
! who were opposed to levying a tax on tea and
| coffee. Levying a tax on those articles of daily
; consumption by the great mass of the people, in-
1 volved a principle that he v/as not prepared at the
j present time to sanction by his vote. But to make
himself more intelligible upon this point, he would
be compelled to retrospect a little. In 1832, during
the administration of General Andrew Jackson,
coffee was made free of duty, and remained m the
free list till 1841, when General Harrison was elected
President of the United States. At the called ses-
sion of 1841, the Whig party found it necessary
to provide means to supply an almost empty treas-
ury; they found the compromise upon the statute
book which had been passed in 1833 to save the
Union from dissolution. Under the operation of
this act, the duty was running down to twenty per
cent., leaving a large deficit m the treasuiy to be
supplied from some other quarter. This compro-
mise had been held sacrcd from its adoption up to
that point of time—neither party ever daring to
disturb the principles established in the law. It
will be remembered by the House and the coun-
try, how important the compromise was held by
Mr. Clay on its very passage.
Mr. J. here read the following extract from Mr.
Clay's speech on the passage of the compromise
bill, in 1833:
" But if the measure should be carried by the common
consent of both parties, we shall have all security. Histosy
will faithfully recoid the transaction -narrate under what
circumstances the bill was passed ; that it was a pacifying
measure; that it was as oil poured fiom the vessel of the
Union, to restore peace and harmony td the country. When
ail thw was known, what Congress, what legislature would
