1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Tax on Tea and Coffee—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
New Series No. 11.
mar the guarantee ? What man, who is entitled to deceive
the character of an American statesman, would stand up in
his place, In either Hou~e of Congress, and disturb the
treaty of peace and amity."
Mr. J. had merely read this extract to show the
solemn circumstances under which it passed. By
the operation of this act the receipts into the treas-
ury were falling many millions short annually of
the expenditures; the revenue gradually declining,
the expenditures gradually increasing: this was the
condition of our finances at the extra session of
1841. In this condition of our public affairs it
became necessary to replenish the treasury from
some quarter or other; the necessities of the treas-
ury were urgent on the one hand, while it was
equally important on the other to preserve the com-
promise sacred and unimpaired. Under these
circumstances, the House of Representatives pass-
ed a tariff bill, levying a tax on many articles in
the free list, embracing tea and coffee. The bill
passed the House in this form by Whig votes,
Democrats voting against it. The bill then -went
to the Senate. Mr. J. said the House would bear
in mind that, previous to action being had upon this
bill by the Senate, the bill authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to borrow upon the credit of
the Government twelve millions of dollars had [
passed, and become the law of the land. It will '
also be remembered, that the bonds of the Govern- j
ment had been hawked and peddled, not only in
the eastern cities of the United States, but in the
great marts of Europe, without being able to effect
a loan for a single dollar—the treasury empty to a
very great extent, and the Government without
credit at home or abroad.
Mr. J. said he had made this digression for the
purpose of showing the imperious necessity at
that period of time, if one did or ever could exist,
for taxing tea and coffee, to save the credit of the
Government and prevent an interference with the
compromise. If there ever could be a combina-
tion of circumstances making it justifiable to tax
tea and coffee, they existed m 1841. When the
treasury was empty, without regard to what made
- it so, the necessity to supply the deficit is as great
at one time as it is at another. Government can
no more exist m time of peace without money,
than it can in time of war. Money, money, is the
hfebldod and soul of Government. In fine, it is
the Government itself, and without it there is no
"Government in fact.
It was under these circumstances in 1841, at the
called session of the Federal party, that they pro-
posed to tax tea and coffee. Mr. R. J. Wallcer
was then a Senator in Congress, now the Secretary
of the Treasury. He, with the Democratic party,
voted to retain tea and eoffee in the list of free
articles; and it was claimed, at the time, as a great
Democratic triumph. A.t the next session of Con-
gress Mr. Walker was so much opposed to taxing
the necessaries of life, while the tariff bill was
under consideration, he offered an amendment to
the bill, proposing to tax sold and silver plate.
Mr. J. here read the amendment referred to, as
fellows:
«Jlud be it farther enacted, That, ft om and alter the pas-
sago of thi^ a^t, there <?hnU be collected by the marshals m
the several di^tiicfa of the United States, under such regu-
lations as shall he prescribed by the Secretary of the Tieas-
uiv, an annual tax of 20 pei cent, wl vulurvm on ail gold and
silver waic, exceeding in vahi" fifty dollar; and in all rases
where the marshals shall not themselves collect this duty,
they are hereby authorized to employ th(j.ast>e.^sor, collectoi,
sheriff, or coronor, in each of the same counties or paiishes
of the several States, to aid them in collecting said tax; and
than ev^er before in relation to any other measure; and he [j necessary to supply the deficiency m the treasury, created
by the distribution bill. A tax of 20 per cent, is retained
also on iron, siwl, sugar, molasses, and many other articles
of prime necessity. A dominant majority in the popular
branch of Congress, by a solemn vote, imposed a tax of 20
pei cent, on tea and coffee also, and in that form the bill
passed the House. In the Senate these two articles were
stricken out by the votes of Democratic Senators and a small
portion of the Federal Senator*; Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, and
other Federal Senators, recording their votes to retain the
tax upon them, and against making them free articles."
Mr. J. thought this was conclusive on tea and
coffee at that time. On examining the President's
annual message, there was barely an allusion made
to the free list—nothing more. He then read from
the message, as follows:
<i If, however, Congress should, at the present session, im-
pose a revenue duty on the principal articles now embraced
in the free list, it is estimated that an additional annual rev-
enue of about two millions and a half, amounting, it is es-
timated, on the thirtieth of June, 1848, to four millions of
dollars, would be derived from that source; and the loan
had received the testimonials of oeveral public meetings.
"The Senator had spoken of mercy to the old women
He asked the Senator whv he had not himself been merci-
ful, ami why he had voted for a tax on her tea and coffee ?
Th^ Senator would tax her necessaries—things which she
could not dispense with; and let her luxuries—things which
she could seldom afford—come in free of dutv. She could
use china teapots, and dispense with her gold and silver
vessels, but could not do without her coffee and tea. Who,
then, was in favor of taxing the poor—the Senator or him-
self? In order to satisfy the Senator, he would so modify
his amendment as to make it impose a tax only upon gold
and silver plate exceeding fiftv dollars in value. Then the
old lady rnav still have her silver teaspoons. But not one
dollar would be collected under this provision, except, m-
i deed, it he from the very rich Tho^e in moderate eircum-
! stance^, rather than pay the tax, would have their ware
I converted into coin."
! Mr. J, continued, by saying, that thus far it
I would seem that the Secretary of the Treasury was
j apposed to taxing tea and coffee. He then called
\ the attention of tile House to Mr. Walker's report i| requhf ,1 w.n.ld be reduced by tlmt amount.'
1 . - - .... * , ' '• ft is submitted for your consideration, whether it may
not he ptoper, as a war measure, to inipo?e revenue duties on
some ot the articles now embraced in the free list. Should
recently made to Congress, from which lie read i
the following; extract:
"Annexed (maikcd C) a table of die imports of tea and 1
also of coffee, from 1821 to 18-16. It will be perceived that
the imports of tea being 16.391,i&Q pounds consumed ui the
United Stale!? (m the !.i-t fiscal year, amounted to the value
of .•£3,983,3.')*; ;nu1 ot coffpo, henur 1S21,33G,0">lpoumK of the
value of $7>80''2.i-:S4, making an aggregate of .511,786,231—a
duty of tvvemy-'tive per cent, on which would yield an an-
j nual revenue of $3,916,557 73. Aitei makmsr a full allovv-
I ance for decreased consumption on account of the duties,
i the additional annual revenue from this source might be
I safely estimated at $£,500,000.
; " This duty, however, would be rendered nugatory in pan
for several vears, unless it were imposed during a very early
| period of the session, and to go into effect at a nine not
later, if possible, than the 1st of January next. Between
1 that date and some tune early in the spring, large impoita-
j tions of tea, and, to some extent, of coffee, are brought into
. the country, and ought to be subjected to the dutj, in order
j that revenue should ho raised from such imports. It this is
! not done, and the duty is togo intoopaiation at a much later
j period, the tax will operate as an enhanced price to the con-
j surner, without producing a coirespondent levenne.
"The stock now oil hand nnd that would he impoited
! forthwith—namely, of eoffee from Cuba and St. Doimnso,
! and some other poit«, and of ten. in part, from the bonded
: waiohouces of Europe—conmur in fiee or dutv, in anticipa-
• tion of the law. would contribute nothing to the revenue of
the country; whiKt the price of the >tock on hand here, as
well as that thus lu ought m frceoi dut\, would he augmented
nearly in the same pioportion n= if the dutj had actually
none at once into effect. A delay, then, in imposing tins
dutv on tea and coffee, whilst it would tax the consumer for
it bo deemed proper to impo>e such duties, with a view to
raise revenue to meet the expenses of the war with Mexico,
[ or to avoid to that extent the creation ot a public debt, they
! may be repealed when the emergency which gave jjseto
! them shall cease to e.\i>t, and constitute no part of the per-
| manent policy of the cou.itry."
It must be clcar to all, (Mr. .T. said,) that neither
the Secretary nor President was in favor of taxing
tea and coffee. But (he said) if he was mistaken
in the conclusion he had come to, and in fact the
President and Secretary were both in favor of tax-
ing- tea and coffee, it would not make the slightest
change in his mind. He was Opposed to this tax
in 1841, when attempted to be imposed by the Fed-
etal party, as called by Mr. Polk, and he was op-
posed to if now. It was not necessary to impose
it then, it was not necessary to impose it now, as
he thought he would be able to show before he
took his seat. But Mr. J. would refer to a few
more distinguished individuals who were opposed
to taxing tea and coilee. Mr. Aaron V. Brown,
who was m the Congress of '41, and now Gover-
inn of Tennessee, and who is the intimate friend
of the President, and rumor said he had some hand
in forming the Cabinet, voted against taxing tea
and coffee. Mr. Silas Wright, who it is under-
tood was to have been one of the commissioners
several venrs nearly a-* much ns if the duty Wtfie imposed at j   '-.""'"i""  "j-w- " i>   . .i tt • '
once, would, during that whole period, bring very Jjttle rev- ; to settle the pending difficulties between the Uni-
onue into the treasury. Such a delay, then, would only : inA mi fovirw*
enable a few individuals to amass large fortunes at the ex-
pense of the people."
It would seem from the reading of the report,
and a letter addressed by Mr. Walker to theCom-
ted States and Mexico, in '41 voted against taxing
tea and cofFee. Mr. Cave Johnson, the Postmas-
ter General, was in the Congress of ?41, and voted
against taxing tea and cofFee. Mr. Nathan Chf-
ford, the Attorney General, was in the Congress,
mittee of Ways and Means, dated the 21st of De- j ancj votecj against taxing tea and cofFee. Mr. James
Buchanan, the Secretaiy of State, was opposed to
taxing tea and- coflcc, and while a Senator in the
Congress of '41, made a speech against it.
" Mr. Buchanan said, that this bill wa<3 far, very far from
being what he could desire. Its provision4, had been greatly
impioved on its passage through the Senate. Tts most, ex-
ceptionable features. had been stricken out. Colfee and tea
wouhl continue to be fiee aificlee, and an approach to jus-
tice had been made in regaid to railroad iron."
Mr. J. next alluded to Mr. Thomas H. Benton,
the President's intended lieutenant general, the
man that was to take command of all the armies
in Mexico,and those that were to be sent there—the
vicegerent of the republic—a kind of Louis the
XIV., who, in the midst of his vanity, cxelaimed
that he wns the State—and whom he verily believed
had vanity enough to aspire to be supreme gov-
ernor of the universe, if there was a vacancy in
the office. This distinguished and mighty man in
amouiit of tax collected and paid over under the provisions ;■ lo ilia t3C^u"/1<s'x 1 his own estimation, as well as that of others, du-
of tmsaet   . # ii K. Polk, now the President of the United States, rin thc extra ses,ion! whi3e tllctariff biU wnsnndftr
Mr. Walker had proved, he said, in the course i: had just been defeated for the gu eina ua an , consjcie].a^on -offered an amendment to the bill im-
. . • . i   ,i , ,i i! - r c*l ~ l . .... a,)aua^ oo cioiyio trpnv i ,* ' .......
i cember, 1846, pressing; upon them the importance
of immediate action, calling their attention to his ;
report previously made to Congress, keeping up i
the idea that if Congress delayed taxing tea and '
cofFee bevond the 1st of January? 1347, that it i
would be "litigatory" to lay this tax after that date,
and would yield no revenue " for seveial years to |
come." .
Mr. Walker, it seems, was in favor of a tax on :
tea and coffee, if it had been laid' by the first of,
January; hut if it was not done by that time, it ,
would avail nothing. The Secretary's reasoning 1
was better than any he could give, and he should •
leave it to speak for itself, coming to thcconclu- ^
sion that the Secretary must be against laying a
tax on tea and coffee, as the first of January had |
passed by. 1
The position of the Executive was somewhat ,
a compensation of ono per cent, shall be allowed for the ,1 . , r , . T,, 1041 n/rv Tames
amount of tax collected and paid over under the provisions ;■ similar to his becretary s. in 1S41, Mv. James
of his remarks upon the amendment, that there |j of State, m October 23, of the same year
was in the United States some hundred and sixty 1 1 '""l """""
millions of dollars' worth of gold and silver-ware
which would, at the per cent, proposed in the
amendment, create some thirty-two millions of
revenue.
Mr. J. said, by the permission of the House,
he would read one or two extracts from the speech
of Mr. Secretary Walker. He then read as fol-
lows:
"in reply to the question of the Senator, asking him
whether he was «eriouts in his proposition, he would say that
the Senator would one day find that the people were serious
enough in their conviction of its expediency. Since he first
offeied this proposition, four months aeo. as an amendment
to another bill, he had received more letters from different
parts of the country, expressing approbation of lu  object,
11
The
Legislature, which was in session, and the citizens ;
of Nashville, tendered to Mr. Polk a public din- '
ner. Mr. Polk being toasted and eulogized very !
highly, rose and responded to the toast in a speech
of considerable length, reviewing generally the
proceedings of the extra session of Congress, and
particularly the attempt to tax tea and coffee. Mr.
j. then read an extract from the speech leferred to,
which is as follows:
"New taxes have been laid not only on wines, &ilks, and
other luxuries, but 011 ncce=sanes also. A tax of Q0 per
cent, has been retained on salt, that ai tide of indispensable
necessity to man and beast. Every taimer's cow that is well
fed consumes more of it 111 a year than the richest money
broker in Wall street. The federal majority in Congress re-
fused to make salt a free article, because the tax upon it was
posing a tax upon the circulation of banks; and
j while his amendment was pending, made the fol-
| lowing remarks. Mr. J. read from Mr. Benton's
! speech the following :
i " The amendment having heen read, Mr. jB. said, this is
I a von proper time, Mr. President, to bi ing in a proposition
I of this character—a proposition to bring bank notes into the
! catalogue of taxable articles m the United States.
The time is vcrv appropriate fo) this propo-niim ; fov it
happen*? to he a tune when taxation is the order of the day—
when boirowmg and squandering, debts, loans, and t.ixes,
are the daily work of Congress, and when the necessaries
j and comforts of life, so long, either free from tax, 01 m the
i course ot reduction, and intended bv the democracy to be
j made free, are seized upon by the now dominant party, ami
! subjected to new and heavy tax. During: the wise, prudent?
j and patriotic administration', of Jackson and Van Buren, th«
1 articles of tea, coffee, and many other aiticles, to the annual
