1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
29th Cojng 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr, Tibbatts.
Ho. of Reps.
her jurisdiction, both civil and political, extended
over it; that from the establishment of her inde-
pendence to the act admitting her as a State of this
Union, a period of more than nine years, Texas
exercised acts of sovereignty and jurisdiction over
the country between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande; that she had established courts of justice,
and extended her civil and criminal jurisdiction
over it; that she had established post offices and
post roads, and a custom-house, and collected du-
ties in it; that it was represented, both in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of the Texan
Congress, by a senator and representative residing
in it; that this senator and representative took
part in the act of annexation, and gave their assent
to it; that the Congress of the United States for-
mally recognised the Rio Grande, and not the
ISTueces, as the western boundary of Texas, by
establishing a custom-house at Coipus Christi, and
the establishment of post offices and post routes in
it, and by receiving a member of Congress whose,
district embraces that country.
With these facts existing, what alternative had
the President, but to order the army to the Rio
Grande, when it was known that the Mexicans
\S?ere concentrating a large force and great supplies
in that quarter? Can any gentleman suppose him-
self able to deceive the people into a belief that
Mexico had concentrated new forces and collected
such great munitions of war at Matamoros only to
take possession of the little strip of country between
the Rio Grande and the. Nueces ? Does not every-
body know that it was the avowed purpose of the
Mexican Government to reconquer Texas to the
banks of the Sabine? Let them not believe that
the people can be deceived into any such belief;
they are far too intelligent for that.
It is very clear that the Mexican authorities had
no such idle purpose in view. That their object
was to make war upon the United States if our
troops were found west of the Sabine, the letters
and orders of Paredes abundantly show. "When
gentlemen assert that the President unnecessarily
brought on the war by directing General Taylor to
take post west of the Nueces, they assume a posi-
tion for Mexico which Mexico despises. The
Sabine was claimed by her as her boundary, and
to it her forces would have marched if they had
not been prevented by our gallant little army, act-
ing under the direction of the President.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wintiirop] gravely insists that no power in this
Government can declare war but the Congress of
the United States. Well, who has ever contended
that any other power could? Where is the man
who ever contended that the power rested in any
other quarter? Has the President himself ever so
contended or controverted that doctrine? Has the
Democratic party done it? Did the President de-
clare this war? So far as there has been a declara-
tion of war, it has been made by Congress, and
not by the President.
The gentleman has referred us to Madison and
Washington, to prove that Congress alone can de-
clare war, which nobody denies; but has cither
Washington or Madison denied that the President
of the United States has power to defend the coun-
try when it is invaded ? That is what a President
may do under the Constitution, and that is what
the President has done. When Texas was in-
vaded, he defended her, and repelled the invaders.
What imaginable right had he to say that Texas
extended only to the Nueces? That was a ques-
tion he had no power over. He knew officially
that she claimed to the Rio Grande; and if he had
not defended her boundaries as claimed by Texas
herself, he would have been shamefully recreant
to his duty. This is the question. Texas claimed
the Rio Grande as her boundary. Congress re-
served to itself the right to settle this question of
boundary with Mexico. The President had no-
thing to do with this question, it was his duty to
make a defensive war to protect the boundary as
claimed by Texas. So far he has acted within
his clearly-defined constitutional powers and du-
ties.
But after the act of Congress of the 13th of May,
1846, the war was taken out of the hands of the
President; it ceased to be a defensive, and was con-
verted into an offensive war. By whose act was
that—the act of Congress or of the Executive ?
After the passage of that act, the war was the war
of Congress, and not of the Executive; he ceased
to act as President in waging a defensive war, by
virtue qf his clearly-defined powers and duties
under the Constitution. The President, so far as
this was a defensive war, acted strictly within his
constitutional powers and his constitutional duties;
so far as it is and has been an offensive war, he
has acted under the authority of the act of Con-
gress declaring the war, and it will be his duty
to proceed with the war until Congress shall ex-
press some opinion upon the subject. The efforts
which have been made by the President to close
the war by amicable negotiation, at the very time
when our soldiers are flushed with victory, and
our armies covered with honor and glory, cannot
but redound to his credit, and be considered by the
civilized world as becoming the head of a wise and
magnanimous nation.
The great mistake with gentlemen in the Oppo-
j sition in all this matter, and one which leads them
| into interminable difficulties, is, that under an erro-
neous view of the Constitution, they invest the Pres-
ident with a character and powers which he does
I not possess. They call this ihe war of the Presi-
; dent, and wish to know of him how long it is to
| last, and in what manner, and for what purposes,
| he intends to conduct it. The question then is,
t whose war is it? The war of the President? How
, can that be ? It must be obvious to gentlemen, upon
a moment's consideration, that it is not the Presi-
dent's war, but that it is our war—the war of Con-
gress; a war waged by the command of Congress,
and not by the volition of the President.
Congress having declared war, and authorized
armies and navies to be raised, the President, by
force of the Constitution, becomes the ^commander-
in-chief," the generalissimo of those armies and
navies; he ceas'Ss to act as President under author-
ity of the Constitution, and assumes his new posi-
tion of commander-in-chief, and acts under the au-
thority of the laws of Congress, just as any other
officer or soldier engaged in the war, and is at all
times under the control of Congress.
Gentlemen make another mistake: they con-
found the office with the powers of the officer. The
office of commander-in-chief is created by the Con-
stitution, and the officer to fill that office is appoint-
ed by the Constitution: the President is appointed
by the Constitution to that office; but here the Con-
stitution stops. When the President acts as Presi-
dent, he derives his powers from the Constitution;
but the Constitution confers no powers upon him
as commander-in-chief. When he acts in that ca-
pacity, he derives his powers from the laws of Con-
gress. Congress, it is true, cannot create an office
superior to his; but Congress can at all times pre-
scribe laws to govern and control him, and extend
or limit his power.
Do not gentlemen, then, see, that the moment
the country is engaged in an offensive war the re-
lation of the President in regard to the war is
changed?—that he no longer acts as President of
the United States, but only as commander-in-chief
of the army and navy?—that he has no power what-
ever in relation to the war derived from the Consti-
tution merely?—that his directions mustall proceed
from Congress?—that he is subject entirely to our
action, when we choose to act?—that in fact he is no
longer responsible for the existence of the war?—
that we have taken that responsibility upon our own
shouldersthat we can look to him as responsible
only for the proper use of the means we may
place under his control, and obedienc^to the rules
we may prescribe to him ?
Under this view of the case, it will be seen that
we who voted for the war are responsible for the
war; and I tell gentlemen on the other side who
voted for the war, and who vote for supplies and
denounce the war, that they are only pronouncing
a condemnation upon themselves. The question,
how and for what purposes is this war to be pros-
ecuted 5 is not to be put by them to the President;
it is not for him to answer this question. The
President of the United States is the only proper
person to put that question, and the only authority
to answer it is Congress.
If, then, the war, as some of you have often
| said, is an " unjust war, an unholy war,"how do
j you excuse yourselves for voting for it, and for
j supplies to carry it on? You voted for the war,
! and you are mistaken, if the war he unjust and
i unholy, when you suppose that your hands are
clean of the blood which has flowed and is to flow
from it; on the contrary, the stain will be of the
, deeper dye, if you believe what you say, You
j voted for the war, and it will not relieve you from
the responsibility, that you protested against the
truth of the preamble to the bill. It is a matter of
no importance; the preamble can cut no figure in
this business; whether it be true or false, is wholly
immaterial. The act is yours; you have declared
the war; you have commanded the President to
wage the war; and you have given to him the men
and money to prosecute it: he is bound to carry
it on; he has no right or power to stop till Con-
gress tells him to stop; and if it be wrong, Congress,
and not the President, is responsible for the con-
sequences. We commanded him to wage this
war, and we voted him men and money to do it
with. He has obeyed our will; he has acted un-
der the direction of the law made by us, which
confers upon him, as upon any other military com-
mander, all the powers he possesses, and not under
any constitutional authority as President. This
law we can alter or change at pleasure, and the
President would be bound to submit to such alter-
ations and changes as we might make. Gentle-
men, then, instead of asking the President " how
long, and for what purposes, he intends to carry
on this war?"would do better by askingthat ques-
tion of Congress. As things now are, so long as
Congress suffers the act to remain in full force, un-
limited and unqualified, the President will be bound
to obey our will—to go on and prosecute the war
as long as Congress supplies him with the means
to do it. He must go on to4>lockade the ports of
the enemy—to invade his territories; he must wage
the war, until he has overrun all Mexico, province
after province—until her castles are dismantled
and battered down, and her cities laid in ashes:
he must take their towns, storm their forts, and
subdue their country, until her people are exter-
minated, or reduced to submission: he must carry
the horrors of war into every town, and village,
and hamlet: and it is Congress, and not the Presi-
dent, who will be responsible for the consequences.
The President is but the agent of Congress, bound
to do its bidding, he can know only its commands;
and unless Congress shall stay his hand, he will
be compelled to pursue the war with Mexico to
the uttermost. It may result that this war will be
accompanied with all its ravages, its cruelties, and
its horrors: ay—
" even until
The gates of mercy shall be all shut up,
And the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart.
In liberty nf bloody hand, shall range
With eonijcience wide as hell; mowing like grass
Their fresh, fair virgins, and flowering infante.'
Such may be the conscquences, unless Congress
put some limitation upon it. And if the war
proceeds even to these sad and awful lengths, the
blood will be on our hands, and not on those of
the President. You have voted for the war, and
the men and money to carry it on; and the at-
tempt to shift the responsibility from your own
shoulders to those of the President will be vain and
futile. If you believe that the war is unjust, there
is no apology which "you can make to your con-
sciences or to the world for having voted for it, or
for voting supplies to sustain it.
Then, when gentlemen ask the question, " How
long and for what purpose is this war to continue '
the answer is easy and obvious: until Congress
shall put a stop to it. The true inquiry, then, for
gentlemen to make, is, " How long and for what
purpose will Congress continue to order the Presi-
dent to prosecute the war5" If the war is to go
on, then I am for pushing it with the utmost vigor.
But how is the war to be terminated ? This is a
question of great and obvious importance. There
arc but three ways out of which to choose:
1st. To abandon Mexico, and withdraw our
forces from it.
2d. To decide how much of her conquered ter-
ritory we mean to hold, and fortify the boundary.
3d. To adopt another line of invasion, and to
go onward to the palaces of the Montezumas, and
there dictate a treaty.
Which of these shall we adopt? The President,
in selecting, must be bound by the instructions re-
ceived from Congress.
As to abandoning the country we have taken be-
fore Mexico is brought to terms, I look upon that
as entirely out of the question. 1 would be utterly
