166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
*29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Tkomasson.
Ho. of Reps.
opposed to any termination of the war which did
not secure to our citizens the payment of their just
claims against Mexico, and give us indemnity for
the cost of the war. I hold the war perfectly just;
and I am in nowise disposed to abandon it until
we have secured an honorable peace.
Then we have to choose between one of the two
other alternatives. One of these is, to invade the
country anew by the way of Vera Cruz, and march
to the palaccs of the Montezumas. If it is the opin-
ion of the majority of Congress that this course shall j
be adopted,! am prepared to support the measure, 1
by voting the requisite amount of men and money,
and carry it fully out. But I presume that nobody
in his senses expects that we can do so with a hand--:
ful of men. Can ten regiments of regulars and \
nine regiments of volunteers effect an enterprise
like this ? Let no man flatter himself with such an j
expectation. The people of Mexico are resolved :
to stand for the defence of their country, we have |
no friends among them. They believe themselves '
to be in the right, whatever may be our opinion j
on the subject; they feel that they are fighting for >
their homes, their liberty, and their religion. Can j
any man be so infatuated as to expect to conquer  
eight millions of people, penetrated and united by j
such a conviction, with a regular army of ten j
thousand men and some corps of volunteers? The \
thing, sir, is impossible. We may attempt it; we
may strew our line of march, we may pave the j
road from Vera Cruz to Mexico, with the bones of !
our brave warriois, sacrificed to an impracticable
enterprise, and dropping under the infliction of the
diseases incident to tt sickly climate; we may per-
form. prodigies of valor and scatter desolation and
death from the proudest halls in the palaces of the
Montezumas to the humblest casa in the empire of
Mexico; but we cannot conquer the nation. Eight
millions of people fighting for all they hold dear,
are not to be conquered. Drive them from the
plains and they will take to the mountains, and,
battling from height to height, they will defend
themseves to the last.
What, sir, is the object of this war? For what !
purposes was it commenccd? First, to defend i
the territory of the State of Texas which theMexi- j
cans had invaded; as a defensive war in repelling !
an unjust invasion on the part of Mexico. Second-
ly, to force Mexico to indemnify our citizens, or
to make reprisals for then- just claims against that
Government for the spoliation of their property, j
and the outrages on their persons, as far ad this j
can be done by money, which Mexico has unjust-
ly refused or neglected to pay. And, thirdly, to
indemnify ourselves for the expenses of the war.
So far as self-defence is conccrncd, that end is
accomplished. We have driven her discomfited ;
armies from our borders—we have pursued them i
far into their own country; no Mexican soldier
places his foot within a hundred miles of our
borders; no further aggression is threatened by !
them, or apprehended or anticipated by us. Our
enemy has been humbled and piostrated; and but j
for her own civil dissensions, and a nusapprehen- ;
sion of our intentions, would yield themselves con- 1
quercd. They have felt the'foico- of our power, :
and have been brought to a &cnse of their own ,i
weakness. They have met with nothing but ''
humiliating reverses and defeats. Their citizens ;
by hundreds have been slaughtered. State after !
state and province after province, have been lost'!
by them and won by the valor of our soldiers; and 1
the American flag now floats triumphant over con-'!
quests more extensive than the original extent of i
our republic. So far, then, as self-defence is con- '
corned, the object of the wans fully accomplished. \
What else remains? Indemnity for the claims '
of our citizens, and for the expenses of the war,
so unjustly biought on us by Mexico. Are we :
likely, by a further invasion of her tenitory, to
forcc thcfc-e indemnities to be paid in money? ii;
think we cannot do this: for the money she has;!
none. Are we in this way to get peace ? We can- 1
not do that either; for there is no party in Mexico
which would dare to make peace with us under '
existing circumstances. The simple remedy left >
us is, to hold her territory until she shall make ;
peace and indemnify us. Surely we have already
enough of her territory for the purposes of jndem- |i
nification. _ We have possession of California, i'
New Mexico, Chihuahua, Coahuik, New Leon, j,
and Tamaulipas. This is ceitainly terntoiy am- '
pie and abundant for indemnification. Why not
then stand where we are—occupy these provinces,
or so much of them as we may deem adv^able for
indemnification—extend our revenue laws over her
ports—fortify our position, and spare the further
effusion of blood? Then*let us say to Mexico,
" You have invaded us without cause on your
pait, when we had many just causes of complaint j
against you: we have repelled your invasion; we 1
hare invaded you in return, and we have taken ;
a portion of your territory for the purpose of in- -
demnification; we have enough for that purpose, \
and we intend to hold on to it until a peace is con- ;
i eluded, which we are ready to enter, on terms ;
j honorable to you as well as ourselves." If Mex- I
ico listen to our offer, and give us satisfactory se- j
curity for the payment of our claims, then let us :
surrender up to her her teiritory: if she do not, •
then let us hold on to it, and let her take it back if j
she can. i
If this plan is to be adopted, then the additional '
regiments of regulars are necessary. I am not, ;
sir, one of those who would be willing to prose- !
cute war for the acquisition of territory unjustly, j
nor do I believe that there is a member on this side
of the House who would be. (In what I now say
I am not speaking for the President, for the Presi-
dent, as I have said, is under orders from Congress,
to prosecute the war as Congress may direct.) I
would not take from Mexico one foot of territory
without paying her for it a just equivalent; nor do
I consider it at all desirable that we should take
our payment in territory because of the slavery
question, which we see already agitated in relation
to all newiy acquired territory. I hold that war
j is entirely unjustifiable except as a measure of
| necessity. The man or the nation that would
i wage it wantonly, nr without cause clearly and in-
j disputably good, would deserve the execration of
i mankind. No man of proper feelings can desire
j war for the sake of war. There is no calamity so
; dreadful—no curse can afflict them so much, as a
! war between two or more nations. In this epoch
I of civilization and refinement, we arc admonished
i by humanity and every good consideration to pro-
| mote the advancement of industry, commerce, and
| friendly relations. But peace, sir, ought to be,
i compatible with the privileges and independence of
| nations; we instinctively repel force by force when
' all means of leconciliation arc exhausted. Such
' was our position with Mexico a year ago. She
had robbed and plundered and incarcerated our
citizens, and she had for a long pcuod of years
' lefused and ntglected to make indemnity. She
! had insulted our flag; and finally, refusing all over-
j tures of peace, she had collected a huge aimy and
i munitions of war on our border, with the view of
; invading our territory, and emboldened by our
, mildneNS,she crossed our lines and murdered Amer-
! ican citizens on American soil. This war is no
; longer necessary to defend our territory. There
; is no danger of a new invasion, nor is there any
! necessity for seizing upon any more territory as
I indemnification for our citizens who have been
1 wronged and plundered, or of the country, which
: has been put to heavy expenses by the war. The
j only further object of the war is to obtain an hon-
orable peace. For this puipose, the two modes I
: have alluded to, arc left. Congress should choose
; the one or the other, and act according to that
choice. I am for adopting that plan which will
close this war in the most speedy manner, and in
the way most consistent with economy and human-
ity. Let either be adopted, I am for prosecuting !
it with proper vigor and effect, and, whether we j
adopt the one mode or the other, these ten regi- j
ments of legulars are necessary. i
As to the bill under consideration, I will vote for i
it, whether it shall be made to provide for a force
of regulars or volunteeis. The President, how-
ever, asks for ten regiments of regulars: I am wil-
ling to coincide with the President. Is it proper
to strike from the bill the clause which gives the
President the appointment of the officers? I think
not. On him rests the responsibility of prosecu-
ting the war under the orders of Congress; and
even if I differed with him in his views in regard
to the war, (which it is plain I do not,) yet as the
war exists, and Congress has charged him with
the prosecution of it, I am in favor of giving him
the description of troops he asks for. Volunteers
might answer a very good purpose, if the plan is
| to push a new invasion; but even then, a larger
| force of regulars would also be necessary; but if
j we are to stand where we are, regulars will be
j preferable to volunteers: if the object be to hold
| the country by garrisons, then regulars will clearly
| be preferable to volunteers. Every person who is
j familiar with the character and deportment of vol-
; unteer troops, must know that they are not sus-
' ceptible of that rigid control which is needed in
j garrison defence. They would never rest content-
| ed if cooped up behind fortifications. They go
j out to fight, and they wish to fight off-hand. They
1 would not submit to be pent up in garrisons. I
j am not afraid to trust the President with the ap-
■ pointment of these officers. On this point I differ
| with some of my friends on this aide of the House;
j indeed, sir, I was not altogether prepared to see
, such a proposition coming from this "side of the
! House: it seems to me to imply a want, of faith in
: the President, which I did not expcct in such a
! quarter.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. W. P. THOMASSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives,
February 13, 1847.
The bill appropriating Three Millions of Dollars to
enable the President to enter into negotiations
for the restoration of peace, with Mexico, being
under consideration in Committee of the "Whole—
Mr. THOMASSON said:
Mr. Chairman: It has become a settled practice
to discuss, when in Committee of the Whole, any
and every subject which it is thought may affect the
interests ot'the country.
This practice is essentially democratic; it is the
only guarantee of the rights of minorities; its re-
peal will open the door to tyrannic rule, and pre-
vent minorities being beard. Whilst, therefore, it
is an essential cause of complaint with some, to
me, being in the minority, it appears a precious
boon; nor can it be much abused so long as the
hour rule is retained.
With a full knowledge of my rights in this par-
ticular, I shall proceed to their exercise in the most
latitudinous manner. And first, the subject under
consideration will be noticed, least it may be wholly
overlooked.
When I first, took my seat upon this floor, my
frame often became nervous when listening to the
fierce denunciations of slavery and the "slavehold-
ers; and, on one occasion, a friend, observing an
unusual excitement, inquired the cause. He was
told of my great apprehensions of a dissolution of
the Union because of slavery. He laughed outrisht,
saying, You will get used "to it after a while: this
thunder is entirely for home consumption: you need
give yourself no uneasiness, for if the slaveholders
of the South ever wish to extend the institution of
slavery, all they have to do is to promise the north-
ern Democracy, and particular!}' our friends the
"Barnburners," that they shall have a President,
and you can have their help to annex any ten itory
and upon any terms desired.
At that time the annexation of Texas was merely
spoken of; since then, the Democrats of the North
have electcd a President, and Texas has been an-
nexed—a majority of the Democratic Representa-
tives on this floor from free States voting for it, and
a large majority of the Whigs from slaveholiling
States against it, with provision by law for the ad-
mission of four more slave States into the Union,
to be formed out of Texan territory. So, judging
of the future by the past, I have long since dis-
missed all fear of disunion upon this subject, and
feel disposed to indulge the northern Democracy
with full freedom in debate to let off their thunder
for the gratification of their constituents.
But whence this new-born zeal for excluding
slavery from after acquired territory ? Do the Dem-
ocrats of the North wish to give another proof to
the world of their want of sincerity or want of jus-
tice? The public recollects that " jikifly-pkour plior-
ly orphigkt" was the motto, and spelt withp/i, in-
stead of/, to attract and fix attention, which went
the rounds of the Democratic press; that the Presi-
dent, and all in authority under him", declared our
title good up to that line; that the Secretary of State,
