168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Thomasson.
Ho. or Reps.
Two young men of that gentleman's district—
McBride and Applegate, private soldiers, the first
well known to me, and a much-esteemed young
friend; the other beloved among his acquaintances
for his many virtues—both reared within cannon
sound of where the gentleman and myself made
the speeches referred to, have fallen victims to this
Mexican war: their bones lie buried upon your
war-path. Now, situated as the United States are,
with hundreds of millions of acres of unsettled
lands and illimitable ocean privileges, the life of
either of these young men was of more worth to
- their country than every acre of 'Mexico's provin-
cial territory.
When this war is ended, there should be erected
a monument, on which should be placed the names
of all who fall; and underneath should be carved,
in large and legible characters, as follows, to wit:
" These, are the names of those who fell in a war
with Mexico, waged from the lust of power, for
party and individual aggrandizement, by the pro-
gressive Democracy, under the Administration of
President Polk." Yes; and the historian and pos-
terity will endorse it in one word—True.
_ The Whigs, whilst they deplore the wretched
condition of the country, have the melancholy sat-
isfaction of recollecting that they foretold the pres-
ent state of affairs, and, with the voice of kindest
friendship, warned their fellow-citizens against it.
Their only solace now is, to exert themselves to
save their country from further misfortune, and,
if possible, to avert the disgrace that they hereto-
fore believed, and yet do believe, must result from
this foolish war
[Mr. MARTIN, of Kentucky, here asked Mr. T.
if he did not vote for the annexation of Texas.]
Mr. T. said, no, sir. 1 gave no vote in favor of
Texas until our Government had so far committed
itself to annexation that to reccde would have been
more disgraceful than to advance; since when, I
have uniformly voted for Texas and Texan inter-
ests. And it has been my sincere wish to see a fair
bridal portion given to her out of the common stock,
and that hereafter she may have a seat at the fes-
tive board under the parental roof, and enjoy a full
share of Uncle Sam's munificence. Indeed, I have
gone further, and said that if we intended to be
governed by common honesty, we must pay all
the money borrowed by Texas when a sovereign
Power, and for the payment of which her revenue
from customs was pledged; that as, by taking her
into the Union, we sunk or destroyed her nationality,
and, consequently, the power to lay impost duties,
we are bound to make good the losses, if any, oc-
casioned by our own act. And it is my delibeiale
opinion that when Texas revolted, she had a nght
to fix the fighting line between herself and Mex-
ico, and take a reasonably convenient time to ex-
tend her jurisdiction and sovereignty to that line.
And, having fixed upon the Rio Grande as her
boundary line, we, by annexation, virtually recog-
nised the line—although it was intentionally omit-
ted in the resolutions—and that no treaty ought to
be made for a line east of the Rio Grande without
the full and free concurrence and consent of Texas.
The self-styled Democratic party, in its progress,
has introduced many novelties: among others, that
of the "organ," a party neswpaper, a "court
journal," as it is sometimes called; its especial
business is to abuse the Whigs and lash the refrac-
tory and stubborn back into the party traces; and
the public has'lately witnessed a demonstration of
its use and power in its attacks upon a member of
this House. Hostilities seem to have ceased, not,
however, until the member had given a solemn
pledge to vote for the Democratic nominee for
President m 1848, and go for Democratic prin-
ciples generally. There is scarcely a number of
this paper issued that does not contain a kno.wn
slander upon some one Whig or the party. It
constantly calls the Whigs the Federal party; the
friends of the editor, in their charity, suppose that
when a boy, he had either read of, or perhaps wit-
nessed how the guilty thief, finding himself pur-
sued, springs into the street, and is the first to cry
"stop thief" as he runs, in order to avert attention
troni himself; and that the editor has practised the
same trick in this particular upon the Whigs so
long, %t he really believes it is true. Some of his
opponents are not so charitable in their conclu-
sions. And it is believed, if he would exercise an
ui) prejudiced judgmentupon his o wn acts, he would
see that his daily vocation tends, or is calculated to
enlarge and strengthen the executive branch of the
Government, which it is apprehended may result
in centralism; and that was the essence of Federal-
ism in by-gone days.
But the greater error of the innovation is the ten-
dency to engender jealousies and bickerings be-
tween the Executive and Legislature, as though
there could possibly be separate political interests
in the one department antagonistic to the other.
The President may succeed in his attempts,
through his organ, to drive the Whigs in a body
against him in the war with Mexico; and if he
does, it may affect them; but it will be as fatal to
him as was the permission to Samson to lay his
hands on the pillars of the temple.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I beseech some kind-
hearted member to instruct me what to say to my
constituents on my return home, in rendering an
account of my stewardship here during this Con-
gress. Such an accounting will be called for, and
how shall it be answered ? One short year since,
and the people of the United States were peaceful,
prosperous, and happy; we had an overflowing
treasury—the surplus amounting to millions; now
we are at war with our neighbors, the voice of
'lamentation is heard in the land, parents have lost
their sons, wives their husbands, and children'
their fathers. We have already a large national
debt; and no one now pretends to predict when
the war will cease or what will be the debt. Your
pension list must increase by scores. The morals
of your young men are becoming contaminated by
the vices of the camp, their minds are weaned
from the quiet pursuits of life, and they pant for
the battle-field, that they may make a vain show
of powers given them for nobler purposes. The
fourth of a century must elapse before the country
can recover from the shock of the last twelve
months' operations, even were things to stop where
they are.
We have in our district many honest, good
meaning Democrats, who have adhered to then-
party through evil and through good report. The
failure of a prediction of a leader seems hitherto
only to have attached them more strongly to their
fortunes and their creeds; but, if report is true,
even some of them are at a loss what conclusions
to form. Now, some good Democrat will place
me under obligations, and render them a kind ser-
vice, by telling me, to be told to them—and it shall
be done in kind and gentle terms—what are the
intentions and determinations of the party.
[Tell them, said a Democrat, that you have
joined the Democrats.]
Mr. T. continued. No, sir; I cannot do that,
j for it would not be true; for the more I see of you
the less I like, you. I do not like your politics,
or (if I must speak of things that exist only in
imagination) your principles; and I detest your
practices.
The Democrats in our district know that the ;
President and his party have proclaimed to the ;
world that they intend to conquer a peace with j
j Mexico; but now they see an appropriation ofthree !
millions of dollars asked for, and the purpose \
I avowed, that it is to secure a peace. They may
inquire if the President or his advisors have but
. lately taken lessons from the history of Philip of;
Macedon, who is reported to have said that he i
I had taken more cities with gold than with arms, ]
and who declared that he nevpr found it necessary i
; to present his battering rams before the walls of a
city if the gate was opened so wide as to let in an j
ass loaded with gold.
They have been told again and again that it was i
Democratic to make Mexico pay the whole costs :
i of the war; and that as she had no money, we ,
| woulS commute the demand for lands. And when
: they recollect that we gave France but eighty >
' millions of francs (less than twenty millions of dol- i
i.lars) for Louisiana, containing some hundreds of
I thousands of squate miles of land, and that this
! war with Mexico will shortly have cost fifty mil- I
1 lions of dollars, and increasing in a progressive \
ratio, they may ask, where will Mexico find, amid !
{ her barren wastes and arid plains, enough of acres
! to discharge the demand ? And when they are told !
' that Mexico will be required to pay fifty dollars !
! for a gun lost, and a hundred dollars for a horse i
| or a wagon, they may inquire what she shall pay j
1 per head for young men that may be lost, who I
were the hope of their fathers'house, the pride
and joy of doting mothers, or the prop and sup-
port of dependant families. And when they are
told, as was mentioned by a Democrat in my hear-
ing a few days since, that, judging from Santa
Ana's course, his ordering his troops to retire as
our foices advance, and that he has a large army
now under his immediate command, and that he
is training and drilling them daily, to make them
efficient, and attach them to his person and pur-
poses; and that he only waits to get those three
millions with which to pay his troops and insure
their fidelity, that then he will conclude a peace
with ns, and turn his arms upon his own country,
and act the tyrant and despot in his palace in
Mexico, surrounded by a dependent soldiery; they
may wish to know if it is our policy thus to strike
down the liberties of a republican people; whether,
whilst we are holding a fair face to the world, and
declaring that we love liberty and republican forms
and institutions, we will, with hand behind the
back, stealthily reach the chain (gold though it be)
to a tyrant, with which to bind fast the brave and
the free of his own country. And when they see
by the President's message of to-day that he is
asking for more general officers, and that the army
may be augmented to about seventy-seven thou-
sand men, and are told that the calculation is that
we will lose sixteen thousand men per year by
disease and the vicissitudes of war, and that the
cost will exceed fifty millions of dollars per year,
they may wish to know why and how long the
war is to be continued upon such disastrous
terms.
It was said by a judge of human nature, that
James Madison was less qualified for President in
time of war, because he could not look upon blood
and carnage with composure; and yet, kind and
sentle as was his nature, the people reelected him
President whilst the nation was at war. The oc-
currence has been repeatedly alluded to, and the
suggestion is considered democratic; and inquiry
may be made, whether it would not be best to
continue this war until after another Presidential
election, with a view to secure the reelection of Mr.
Polk, who is represented by his friends as being
quite as pacific as was the great and good Madi-
son. They recollect the promise, long since made,
but never yet redeemed, that they were to have
a safer and a better currency,than was afforded by
the United States Bank; and they may be anxious
to know if the $23,000,000 of treasury notes you
have authorized to be issued is that "safer and bet-
ter currency," and where the specie is deposited
with which to redeem those notes on presentation.
They have been told that the Whigs are in favor
of a national debt; and they may inquire, what act
of the Whigs has brought our present debt upon
us? They have been told that the sub-treasury
was a Democratic measure; and they may ask,
who of the Democrats, except the office-holders, are
benefited by it' They have been told that the Demo-
crats were in favor of appropriations for improving
the western rivers and lake harbors, and building
hospitals; and they know that bills for some of
these objects have been reported for months, and
that in this House, where there are nearly two
Democrats to one Whig, no move has been made
to take them up and act upon them; and if asked
for the reason, I may be tempted to tell what is
true, and what is well-known here, that the Presi-
dent and a large portion of the southern Democrats
are opposed to all appropriations for internal im-
provements, and that the western Democrats do
not press the question, for fear of losing their in-
fluence with the President. If there is any other
reason, I would be glad to know it. And here
the occasion is embraced to say, that if our west-
ern Democrats will go home and say to the people,
that, in the progress of their party, it is now anti-
Democratic to make such appropriations, then few,
indeed, of the party will grace the seats on this
floor after another election. They remember to
have been to'ld that the tariff of 1842 was prohib-
itory, but that the tariff of 1846 was a revenue
tariff; and because the duties were reduced to the
revenue, standard, the revenue from imports would
be increased; and they may wish to be informed
how it happens that there is'a decided falling off of
revenue since the tariff of 1846 went into operation.
They see that the price of cotton and bread-
stufl's are high, and they are told that it is caused
