no
appendix tq the congressional globe.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Tilden.
Ho. of Reps.
mande4 his recall. Finding- all our efforts for an
honorable acquisition of this territory useless,, the
plan was at once set on foot in the southern sectioa-
qf this Union to wrest it from Mexico by force.
How far the adjustment of this question of claims
has been embarrassed by this robbery of territory
which we ourselves valued at five millions of dol-
lars, I leave to the good sense of this country to
decide. I am not one of those who deem it a duty
to keep out of view the moral aspect of this ques-
tion. We are the last people in the world that can
afford to be dishonest. This republic must rest
upon the virtue and intelligence of the people, or it
will fall; and I hold him to be no true friend of the
country who will advocate iniquity, either in the
home administration of our affairs, or in our inter-
course with other nations. But is it true, that an
indemnity for claims due our citizens entered at all
into the motives of the President in bringing this
war upon the country ?
Is it true that the man who vetoed the French
spoliation bill, turning a deaf car to the claims
of our citizens, who for more than forty years
have hung around these doors, asking for that
which we, by our treaty with France, solemnly
agreed- to pay; the man who set at naught the
decision of the people in regard to these claims,
and trampled the national faith under his feet;
the man, too, who, during his whole political
career on this floor, distinguished himself by his
uniform and uncompromising opposition to private
• claims,—has this same man all at once plunged
this Government into a war with Mexico, at a sac-
rifice of untold "millions of our treasure, and thou-
sands of the lives of our people, in his zeal to pro-
mote the private interest of our citizens? I defy
the simplest of mankind to he deceived by this |
statement. This whole story is an afterthought, !
got up m order to give popularity to this war, by '
awakening the national prejudices against Mexico.
How was it, sir, during the last Presidential can-
vass ? These claims, such as they are, then existed
in all their force; and who among the friends of
this Administration at that time talked of war as a
means of enforcing their payment? Who among
all of your stump orators, from the St. Johns to
the Sabine, told us that within a year we were to
niake a bloody onslaught upon Mexico to enforce
these claims? Not one. But, on the contrary,
when we predicted that war would be the result of
the annexation of Texas, you laughed us in our
faces, and declared there would be no war.
But time will not permit me to dwell longer upon
this part of the subject. The facts to which I have
adverted, however, arc sufficient to show that war i
with Mcxico, for the purpose of enfoicing <m in- j
demmty for claims due our citizens, was among !j
the last ideas tluit occupied the mind of the Pre^i- j[
dent prior to the actual commencement of hostili-
ties. j!
The next fact to which the President refers, in
justification of this war, is, that. the territory upon |f
which hostilities were commenced, was within the ||
units of the United States. To this point I ask |j
Ihe special attention of the committee, for upon it I;
turns the decision of this whole question. For no \ '<
intelligent man will deny that the cause of this ■;
war was the marching of our aimy to the Rio ;<
Grande. The annexation of Texas I have ever i'
considered a flagrant outrage, as well upon the \ \
Constitution of the country as of the rights of!'
Mexico. But t waive this,and concede that it was i
the duty of the President (as I believe it was) to j
repel the invasion of any portion of the territory j
which we had acquired by this act of annexation, i
Was this territory a part of the Republic of Texas? !
I answer, no. And to prove this, I shall content 1
myself with the examination of one or two facts
upon which the President relies in his last annual i
message for upholding our title to this territory. I
The first statement of the President, in order to !
make out our title, is, 4< that Texas constituted a 1
' part of the ancient province of Louisiana, ceded j
(to the United States in 1803; and that Mr. Pink- j
' ney and Mr. Monroe, [during the negotiation of j
' that treaty,] in a note to the Spanish Minister, !
6 declared that the limits of Louisiana were the I
4 Perdido on the east, and the Bravo on the west." I
What use the President proposes to make of this, 1
or what part it is designed to perform in his argu-
ment, I confess I am not able to comprehend. And
I eall upon his friends heie to explain how it is,
that he has gone -back of our treaty with Spain,
and our subsequent treaty with Mexico, in order
to make out this title. There was a doctrine con-
tended for, a few years ago, at the other end of the
Capitol, in order to prostrate Mr. Webster for the
very distinguished services he rendered the coun-
try in concluding the treaty of Washington, " that
* the Government had no power to make a treaty
* of limits upon the principles of compromise and
4 concession, of grants on one side for equivalents
6 on the other." Our President was then, I believe,
a convert to this doctrine; but never was the doc-
trine carried so far as to abrogate a treaty which
had been ratified by the Government. And, sir,
the President cannot, with much propriety, at this
time object to a treaty concluded upon principles
of compromise; for if there be anything by which
his Administration will be remembered, it will be
the distinguished compromises he made in con-
cluding the Oregon treaty. I once more inquire of
his friends here, Why the President has gone back
to the Louisiana treaty? Why he has referred to
to the declarations of Messrs. Pinkney and Mon-
roe, made during the negotiation of that treaty?
He who has complained so much of the bad faith
of Mexico, does he mean to disregard the faith of
his own Government, twice plighted by treaty, and
by which we have acknowledged the title to this
territory to be in Mexico ? 1 might leave the Pres-
ident's friends to answer these inquiries, but I an-
swer for them. The President does not intend to
avow a disregard of these treaties, but he has em-
ployed this poor artifice to betray the public judg-
ment into a false view of the real character of this
war. Thus much for our title to this territory by
virtue of the Louisiana treaty.
Now, sir, there is one other ground of title put
! forth by the President m his last message, to which
I I ask the attention of the committee. However,
j before I proceed to this, let me say, that men of
! ail shades of opinion upon this question of terri-
j tory, agree, that the western boundary of Texas,
as one of the States of the Mexican confederacy,
was the river Nueces. And the question now is,
by what means Texas has extended her title two
hundred miles beyond this river to the left bank
of the Rio Grande.
Upon this point the President in his message
says, " that Texas extended her civil and political
jurisdiction over this country up to that boundary."
; Sir, what was this civil and political jurisdiction of
! which the President speaks? The country have a
j deep interest m knowing; and this Administration
I has never made itself intelligible upon this point.
And I charge here, fearless of successful con-
tiadiction, that the whole argument of the Presi-
dent and his friends upon this subject of jurisdic-
tion, has been false and deceptive throughout.
The whole country between these two rivers has
been grouped together and treated as a whole. We
shave heard much of the country beyond the Nueces
and between these two rivers. We have heard of
this country being represented m the Texan Con-
gress and the Texan Convention, of the establish-
ment of custom-houses and land offices, of the lay-
ing out of post-roads, the organization of courts,
&c. Now, sir,all these representations, from which
the people are left to infer that the complete sover-
eignty over this whole country between these two
rivers was vested in the republic of Texas, is up-
held by the simple fact that she had possession of,
and exercised jurisdiction over, a small corner of
the department of Tamaulipas, the town of Cor-
pus Christi three miles beyond the Nueces, and a
small portion of the adjacent country. This is
the jurisdiction beyond the Nueces, and this is the
jurisdiction over the country between the two rivers,
so much talked of by the Presidentatid his friends.
And if this be not so, let any gentleman who hears
me contradict it, for I desire to be right in these
matters. I aver, and aver it heie, that opportuni-
ty may be given to contradict it if it be not true,
that this whole story about the jurisdiction of
Texas over this territory rests upon no other foun-
dation than this.
Again and again have we called on the friends
of the President to state where, how, and when
jurisdiction over this country was exercised, but
they have maintained a studied silence on the sub- j
ject. The beauty and force of their argument con- j
sisted in keeping dark on these points. To this, I
I believe there is but one exception. The gentle-1
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] with very
great indiscretion, as it appeared to me at the time,
did attempt to inform the House of the manner in
which this jurisdiction had been exercised. First,
he informed us that this whole territory had been
divided into two great counties, San Patricio and
Bexar. He further informed us that Texas, in
December, 1836, organized inferior courts in these
counties, and at the same time established a land
office and land district there. But where was the
land office? The answer is, at Corpus Christi!
He also stated that in June, 1837, Texas establish-
ed a collection district extending to the mouth of
the Rio Grande. But where was the custom-house ?
At Corpus Christi. So the gentleman's argument
proves, what every intelligent man who has ex-
amined this subject well knew before, that the only
jurisdiction actually exercised over this country,
was exercised at Corpus Christi; and that all the
other acts of Texas by which she claims title to
this territory are acts upon paper, and give her as
much right, and no more, as Pennsylvania would
acquire to territory in Maryland, by resolving in
her Legislature that such territory belonged to her.
But this is not all. The country between these
two rivers, as we know, has a great natural divis-
ion—a desert which separates the waters of the
Nueces from those of the Rio Grande, and<that the
only inhabitable country lies along the banks of
these two rivers. I choose separately to consider
the question, how it is we have pushed our claim
across this desert to the territory lying upon the
Rio Grande. What pretence of title can Texas
set up to this section of country? What jurisdic-
tion has she ever exercised here? Has she ever
organized a court, erected a custom-house, a land
office, established a post road, or maintained mili-
tary possession of one foot of this territory ? Can
any gentleman point me to a single fact which can
be tortured into an act of sovereignty, and upon
which we can base a claim to this territory ? No;
it cannot be done. The gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Pillsbury,] a few days ago, was interroga-
ted upon this subject, and in a short speech made
what I considered a lame and impotent effort to
give color to our claims; but lame and impotent as
it was, no doubt the very best that could be made.
Pie informed us that Mexico had no soldiers east
of the Rio Grande,"except at the small town of
Laredo; that nowhere east of that river was there
any Mexican force permanently maintained ade-
quate to keep possession. It is, then, because
Mexico has not maintained an armed force among
her peaccable inhabitants on the Rio Grande ade-
quate to repel invasion, that we become entitled to
their territory ! The gentleman refers us to no
acts of Texas by which her title is to be made out,
and for the very sufficient reason that none exist
to which he can refer.
Sir, our first impression with regard to this claim
of Texas to the territory upon the left bank of the
Rio Grande was correct. At the time the Tyler
treaty was pending in the Senate, Mr. Benton in-
troduced in that body this resolution:
" Resolved, That the incorporation of the left bank of the
Rio del Norte into the American Union, by nr'tue of a treaty
icith Texas, compreheiuHng. as the said vncoiporation u.ou(d
do, a pent of the Mexican departments of New Mcxico, Chi-
huahua, Coahuila, and Tnniaulipas, would be an act of di-
kt.ur auuktssion on Mexico; for all the consequences
of winch the United States would stand responsible "
Now, if the incorporation of this territory by
treaty into the American Union be an act of direct
aggression on Mexico, f beg to be informed why
it is the marching of our army there, and driving
out her inhabitants, was not an act of direct hos-
tilities on Mexico? Yet this same gentleman, with
that moral and political inconsistency which has
marked his course, on the war bill of the last ses-
| sion,avowed that the attempt to repel the invasion
j of this territory by Mexico was the " shedding of
I American blood upon American soil."
I In this resolution the whole country at that time
concurred; and I know there was then but one
opinion in this House upon that subject, and that
opinion we expressed in the annexation resolu-
tions, in which we refused to recognise the'bound-
ary by which Texas had extended her limits to the
Rio Grande. But in this, as in all other matters
that relate to the annexation of Texas, the private
views of the President prevailed over the opinions
of the people. No sooner were the annexation
resolutions adopted, than we find an agent of the.
