1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Bounty Lands to the Army—Mr. Cummins.
Ho. of Reps.
these consequences which have already overtaken
them, as the recent elections show. To effect
this, nothing would more naturally suggest itself
than to consult this northern feeling against slave-
ry. But they cannot separate themselves from the
war; and thus it is that gentlemen are now en-
deavoring to raise the impression that the war is a
northern measure; the antagonism of slavery, send
the means by which the balance of power between
the free and slave interests of the Union is to be
restored. This balance of power the people of
the free States might desire to see restored; but I
do not believe they will consent to a second robbery
of Mexican territory to accomplish it. But what
assurance have we that this territory, when ac-
quired, will be free? This is a question that de-
serves to be very carefully considered, for we have
already sufficiently cursed our race by the extension
of our territory; and I understand that the public
opinion of the free States is irrevocably made up,
that it will consent to the admission of no more
slave territory into this Union. But can you pre-
serve this conquered territory free from the pollu-
tion of slavery? I think we ought to have learn-
ed enough by this time of the desperate energy and
lawlessness of slavery to know that it will over-
leap any barrier that you may interpose to its pro-
gress, and spread itself over every square mile of
this territory you may conquer. From the location
of this country, its climate and productions, it must
necessarily be settled by a southern population,who
will carry with them into the country their slaves,
and then, basing themselves upon that doctrine
already advocated on this floor, that the Territories
of the Union have a right to govern themselves by
their own laws, and to shape their own internal
policy according to their own will, slavery will be
established in due form. What then will be our
remedy ? "We may talk, to be sure, of the uncon-
stitutionality of these proceedings: and what will
that avail us? It will be like whistling down the
wind. We shall have the choice of two things—
either to submit, as wc have done to the unconsti-
tutional acquisition of Texas, or dissolve our pres-
ent Government. Now, sir, I have no disposition
to press this subject to such a fearful issue. It
strikes me that the true ground for every man sin-
cerely opposed to the further extension of slavery
is, to oppose the further acquisition of territory.
And if we cannot successfully take our stand here,
then I am prepared for ulterior measures; and, de-
plorable as I believe the consequences will be, I
much prefer them to the extension of slavery.
But these gentlemen who are prosecuting this
war of conquest have not, by their action either
during this or the last session of Congress, evinced
any very strong opposition to the extension of
slavery. At the last Congress, as I have already
said, by the annexation resolutions, declared to
be the fundamental law of union, slavery was
excluded from ail territory north of 36° 30'.
This is the language of the resolutions: "And
' such States as may be formed out of that por-
' tion of said territory lying south of thirty-
* six degrees and thirty minutes north latitude,
' commonly known as the Missouri compromise
* line, shall be admitted into the Union with, or
i without slavery, as the people of each State ask-
' ing admission may desire; and such State or
' States as shall be formed out of said territory
' north of said Missouri compromise line, slavery
4 and involuntary servitude, except forciinie, shall
i be prohibited." Yet, when Texas came to be
admitted as a State into this Union, with a consti-
tution extending slavery to all territory north of
this compromise line, these gentlemen gave it their
support, in violation of the resolutions which, by
their terms, were declared to be the fundamental
law of annexation. How this vote can be recon-
ciled with opposition to the extension of slavery, 1
leave for these gentlemen to settle. And, again, at
this session, these gentlemen are willing to estab-
lish the western boundary of Texas at the Rio
Grande, where they know she has no more title than
to the West Indies. No one will pretend that the
territory on the left bank of the Rio Grande is now
stained with the foot-print of a slave. No fetters
now clank upon that soil. Mexico, however, un-
enlightened in the theory of civil government, has
manifested far more regard for the principle of hu-
man liberty than the people of this country. She
acted consistently with her republican professions,
and, in 1829, abolished slavery throughout her
dominions; and abolished slavery upon that very
soil where you are now seeking to reestablish it.
And yet gentlemen tell us at the same time, they
are opposed to the extension of slavery. If you are
willing to extend slavery to the Rio Grande, and
throughout all that vast territory claimed byTexas
lying between this river and the Nueces, I do not
see why, upon principle, you can object to the ex-
tension of slavery throughout all Mexico. "It is in
vain tctake shelter under the plea that the Rio
Grande furnishes a. natural boundary between
the two countries. It is not so. It is no bound-
ary and never can be a boundary between free
and slave institutions. And if peace be conclu-
ded between the two governments to-morrow,
fixing on the Rio Grande as the boundary, it
will be but an armed peace, and a year would
not pass away before slavery would furnish new
cause of war between the two governments.
Here is a river, but about three hundred yards
across, with a valley fifteen miles broad. Imme-
diately on the right bank of that river, is one of
the principal cities in this part of Mexico. Now,
how long will it be before your slaves will escape
across that river? And will the Mexicans surren-
der these slaves? No. Their humanity will
prompt them not to do it. And can you make
any treaty by which they will oblige themselves
to do this? Never; for you cannot procure the
ratification of any such treaty even by your own
Government. Never will there be found, I trust,
two-thirds of the United States Senate willing to
ratify such a treaty. No man representing the
free States in that body will dare to ratify a treaty
that provides for the return of unoffending men
into bondage. And if these'fugitives are not given
up, will it not- produce a border war between the
inhabitants of the two governments ? Why, here
among ourselves, a people of the same origin,
governed by the same laws, and bound together
by a thousand social, civil, and political ties, it
has gone near to produce this result. Flow cer-
tainly, then, would this cause produce hostilities
between a people differing in everything upon
which our friendly relations depend—in origin,
manners, customs, religion, and even now already
deeply exasperated toward each other ?
Slave and fiee institutions can have no intercourse.
They cannot exist together in safety; and moun-
tains as tall as the peaks of Chimborazo, would
haidly furnish a sufficient boundary between them.
There is one boundary which we may adopUwith
some probability of a continued peace, and that is
the desert to which I have referred. It separates
the habitable portions of the territory bordering
upon the two rivers, by some hundred miles, and
although not an adequate boundary for slavery,
it is the only one that promises even the hope of
peimunent tranquillity to the people of the two
governments.
Now, can any one believe that the objects of
this war—either the conquest of more Mexican
territory, or the establishment of the Rio Grande
as the boundary of Texas—will be secured with-
out imminent danger to the interests of this coun-
try. I aver it as my solemn conviction, that if
either were secured, it would be an event that
every sincere friend of the country would deplore.
But if we desire it, can these objects be secured?
I do not believe it. Mexico never will conclude a
treaty with you upon these terms. This is a mat-
ter that involves her national existence. You
robbed her of one of her provinces—for it can be
called by no other name. You, without provo-
cation, invaded others; and when she attempted to
repel this unjust invasion, our victorious armies
butchered her inhabitants upon their hearth-
stones; and you now ask a surrender of more than
one-third of the fairest portion of her dominions.
If this lbe granted, what hope can she have that
you wils not seize upon the remaining portion of
her postessions, and blot out her very name from
among he family of nations ?
Had the combined powers of the universe offer-
ed to us a series of injuries like those we have in-
flicted upon Mexico, and then should submit to us
a propositionjof peace, such as we now propose to
that people, what would we decide to do? How-
ever gigantic and terrible the power that might be
combined against us, would we make this surren-
der of territory to purchase our peace and our dis-
grace? Never would we do it! No, never! We
would throw the last ball, split the last bomb, and
bury ourselves behind the last dike, rather than
bring this dishonor upon our name. And what
we would do, Mexico, in her pride of country, and
from thatlove of her institutions, inherent in every
people, and, above all, from that keen sense of
outrage and insult which we have heaped upon her,
has already resolved to do. This great nation, I
doubt not, could subdue Mexico, were all of her
vast resources combined for this object; but it
would not be until her fields were whitened, and
every mountain gorge choked, with the bones of
our dead. And will this enlightened and Chris-
tian nation press this war to this dreadful extremi-
ty? It will not. You will be arrested in your
bloody career. The people will soon force you
to call home your army, and terminate #this dis-
graceful war.
These are some of the reasons which have in-
duced me to oppose this war. My conscience
approves of the course I have pursued, and I trust
for its vindication to that decision which a just and
generous people will yet make upon this subject.
[Mr. Tilden^s hour here expired.]
Mr. McILVAlNE obtained the floor, and yield-
ed at request to
Mr. McDOWEI/L, of Virginia, who said he
wished to make an inquiry of the gentleman who
had just taken his seat, [Mr. Tildes,] but could
find no pause in his argument to propound it.
The gentleman, in his review of the anti-slavery
sentiments of the South, produced numerous quo-
tations from numerous gentlemen of distinction;
not only of distinction, but of paramount political
importance in our country: the opinions of Jeffer-
son, Wythe, Randolph, George Mason, and others
in Virginia, on the subject of slavery. I wanted
to ask of that gentleman if he could point to a soli-
tary fact in the writings, speeches, or political
transactions of either one of these gentlemen, that
gives to the General Government any power what-
soever over the subject of slavery, so as to limit
it, qualify it, abridge it, or m any manner whatso-
ever dispose of it?
Mr. TILDEN replied: I think it is true that no
southern man ever occupied that ground, with one
exception. Mr. Madison, if I recollcct right, did
contend that the General Government would have
power over that question as a war measure; and I
wish to say to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
McDowell] that this is my opinion. I deny that
this Government has any power over the institu-
tion of slavery within the limits of the several
States. But at the same time I contend it has the
power to restrain the extension of this institution;
and that this is a power we are bound to exercise,
and confine slavery to its constitutional limits.
BOUNTY LANDS TO THE ARMY.
SPEECH OF MR. J. D. CUMMINS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 27, 1847.
The Bill to Increase the Pay of the Army being
under consideration in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union—
Mr. CUMMINS said:
Mr. Chairman: The bill now under considera-
tion is, in my judgment, one of high importance
to the efficient and vigorous prosecution of the ex-
isting war with Mexico. By its provisions, it is
proposed to grant a just tribute and a merited re-
ward to the patriotism and courage of those brave
and gallant men who, at their country's call, so^
promptly exchanged for a time the pursuits of pri-
vate life for the perils and privations of the tamp
and the battle-field, in a foreign land and an inhos-
pitable clime.
I rejoice, sir, that the other public business has
been so far passed upon that this hill, by a special
order of the House, is now entitled to our atten-
tion and consideration, disconnected from, and un-
encumbered by, any other subject to embarrass its
progress, or retard its final passage. The magni-
tude and importance of the objects embraced in
this bill are sufficient to entitle it to, and, I trust,
to secure for it a careful and considerate examina-
