1841.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Bounty Lands to the Army—Mr. Cummins.
Ho. of Reps.
is to the fifth section of the bill. By that section,
in prescribing the rules of descent, in case the sol-
dier be killed or die in the service, it gives the land,
first, to the widow, next to the children, and then
to the father or mother. I desire to have that sec-
tion stricken out, and the following one substituted
in its place:
" Sec. 5. Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert : That the child or childien, if there by any, hut if there
be no child or childien, then the father, and if the father he
dead, then the mother, and if there be no child or children,
father or mother, then Uie next of km of the blood of any
non-commisnoned officer, musician, or private, of the army
or" the United States, or militia, or volunteers, serving in
said army, and who are embraced in any of the preceding
pruts ot ilns act, whtrmay be killed in battle or die in the
*emce dining the existing war with Mexico, shall be enti-
tled to a warrant from the United States for one hundred
and sixty acre* of land, and shall be entitled to locate the
. s-;une upon any lands of the United States subject to private
entry at the rime said warrants mav be located, in the same
manner the non-commissioned officei, musician, and pri-
vate, could have done if living, according to the several pto-
visions of this act: Pronded^dtvai^, That the widow of any
i,on-commissioned officer, inu-uaan, or pnvate, who may
be killed m battle or die in the service as aforesaid, shall, in
all ca-es, be entitled to have and enjoj a hfe e.-tdte in the
land aforesaid, for which their respective husbands may have
nerved, which said condition granting a life estate to the wid-
ow aforesaid shall, in all ease*, be expressed in the patent
issued upon any of the warrants la--t aforesaid: Pioiifed,
also. That all warrants issued under the provisions ot this
act shall be located within two yeais fiom the date of said
watiauts respectively."
Many of the soldiers now in the service are
young men, and have left behind them young
wives find little children. If they die in the ser-
vice, the fee of the land goes to then* widows. The
children have no interest in it, except a contingent
right of Inheritance, if their mothers should die in-
testate. Suppose, sir, the widow marries a second
husband; (and where is the young widow who will
not marry if she gets a good chance? and in many
instances she will marry whether the chance is
good or bad:) what becomes of the soldier's chil-
dren, or what assurance have you that they will
be cared for ? They have no interest in the land
nor rights upon it. They will either be subjected
to the control and left to the tender mercies of a
stepfather, or be driven forth upon the world, na-
ked and hungry, to provide for themselves as best
they can. Again, sir: a second, set of children,
half-bloods on the mother's side, but in whose
veins flows not a drop of the soldier's blood, may
spring up. The fee of the land is in the mother;
she dies intestate, and the half-bloods inherit from
her as tenants in common with the soldier's chil-
dren. She may make a will, and give it to a stran-
ger. She and her husband may sell and convey
it, and invest the proceeds in other lands in the
husband's name, and thus defeat one of the just
purposes of this bounty. I am unwilling, sir, to
see the children of our soldiers thus placed at the
mercy of a stepfather by any act of mine. I am
unwilling to see them robbed of an inheritance pur-
chased by the toil, the sufferings, and the blood,
of their fathers; reduced to a premature and peril-
ous orphanage, and 'cast penniless upon the world.
I would give to the widow, in all cases, a life
estate, which should be expiessed in the patent.
Tins provides for her during life, which is all she
needs. If she be disposed to act the part of a good
mother, to remain with and take care of her chil-
dren, she can do so as well upon a life estate as if
she owoed the fee of the land, and at her death the
fee will be in the children beyond doubt or contin-
gency. If she be disposed to act otherwise, she
cannot deprive the children of their estate.
The next proposition which addresses itself to
our consideration, is as to the means by which we
can best secure to the soldier the reward of hts own
labor, and protect him from the frauds and imposi-
tions of others. With this view, sir, I offer the
following additional section:
"Src.G. Jlnd belt further enacted, Tlt.tilhe land warrants
provided for bv this acl, and i^u<;d under the provisions of
the same, •Mill! not be ass-gnable, negotiable, or in any man-
ner tran^'ei able ; and all assignments, sales, ttansfers, or
conveyance^, of any of said warrants, or of any mteiest,
right, property, or e-tate. m the same, or m or to any land
upon which the same may be located, and also all bargains,
eontiacts, or agreement-?, for the sale, tiansfer, or incum-
brance, of anv of said wnriants, or any interest in the same,
or of any land upon which any of said woriants may be loca-
ted, or of any light, interest, property, or estate, in or to any
of said land, made or entered into prior to the time said war-
rants shall have been located, and patents issued thereon,
shall be held and considered to be, and the same are hereby
declared to be, null and void."
By some, it is contended that no restrictions or
limitations should be attached to this grant; by
others, that the land should be made unalienable
during the life of the soldier and his wife. These
are the extremes of latitude and limitation. I differ
from both. There is a medium course which I have
proposed, and which, in my judgment, is prefer-
able to either. By those opposed to all restrictions,
it is contended that many of our soldiers reside in
the old States, in towns and cities, and do not wish
to settle upon their lands, or become farmers, and
that it would be unjust to deprive them of the
privilege of selling their land immediately, to raise
the means of present subsistence, or to be used as
a capital upon which to commence business. The
force of tins reasoning is not denied, and is appli-
cable to the exceptions to a general rule. By those
who maintain the doctrine of restriction during (he
life of the soldier and his wife, it is argued that this
bounty is a donation, and that the donor may im-
pose such conditions upon the gift as he chooses,
and that the objects of this bounty would be best
secured by imposing the limitations upon the grant.
This doctrine is also true when applied to particu-
lar cases. Could we legislate for each class separ-
ately, both theories would be correct. But, sir,
your legislation must be general—applicable alike
to all. You cannot discriminate or make excep-
tions. We all know that a life in the army is not
very conducive to principles of accumulation or
economy, but is calculated rather to beget habits of
prodigality and a disregard of property. The sol-
dier goes forth with his life in his hand, not know-
ing the day or the hour he may lose it in battle, or
by some of theunforeseen casualties incident to war.
He enjoys to-day by the contemplation of the un-
certainty of to-morrow. His work is death; his
study the means of its accomplishment. It is
therefore but natural that many will return from
the army, to some extent incapacitated to take care
of themselves, and with habits uncongenial to the
pursuits of civil life. Others will return as well
prepared to enter upon civil duties as when they
left their homes. The army will of necessity be
divided into two classes: the prudent and the prodi-
gal. The prudent man needs not your carc; he
will lake care of himself. It is for the benefit and
protection of the prodigal and the unfortunate, then-
wives and children, that these restrictions are in-
tended. I propose to trench upon the rights of the
prudent man to a limited extent only, by prohibit-
ing the sale, transfer, or encumbrance of the war-
rant or the land, until the warrant is located and
the patent issued. The land may then be sold and
conveyed as other lands. This will prevent the
soldier whilst in the service, separated from his
home and his friends, from being haunted, on the
march and in the camp, at the sutler's store, and m
the grocery, by the speculator and the land shark,
to cozen and cajolc him out of his warrant. It will
afford him time to return to his home and friends,
to have their aid and advice in relieving himself
from any immediate wants that may press upon
him, and thus to increase his chances to get a fair
equivalent for his land, or to retain it and settle
upon it, as his true interest may dictate. The pru-
dent man can have no just cause of complaint at this.
Immediately upon his discharge and return, he can
procure his warrant, locate it, and get his patent.
Then he can sell and convey at pleasure. This :
will be a slight, a very slight inconvenience to him. j
But to the other class, it will be of great import- •
ance. It will save himself as he is, until he be- i
comes himself, as he was. I am therefore unequivo- |
cally in favor of prohibiting the sale, transfer, or !
encumbrance of the land or warrant until the loca- ;
tion is made and the patent issued. To prevent .
the contraction of debts in anticipation of collecting |
the same by judicial sale of the soldier's land, I i
propose the following as the 7th and last section of
the bill.
" Sfc. 7. -find be if further enacted, That neither the war- '
rants aforesaid, nor the lands upon which me same mav he -
located, nor any interest or estate therein, '-hall be liable to ;
be taken in execution, or sold, on account of any debt, fvie, i
oi ameicenieut contacted or mcuir'Hl by non-coaimi.-sioned
officers, musicians--, or privates, their widows m lunis afrre- ;
said, puor to the date of the patents issued to them,iesp.*ct-
lvely, in manner aforesaid." ■ i
In short, sir, my desire is to declare all trans- :
fers or encumbrances void, until the time the pat- ,
ent issues: then let the land be free as other lands. :
That these restrictions would be productive of '
much good, I have no doubt; that they would not ;
produce any great evils or inconvenience, I have just
as little. With the honorable gentleman from the
Gallia district, {Mr. Vinton,] I agree in one thing,
that we should look to the teachings of history and
the light of experience on this subject. But, sir,
from those teachings and that history, when care-
fully analyzed and examined, I arrive at conclu-
sions very different from his. It is contended by
him, that the bounty-land system of the Revolu-
tion proved to be a failure. True it is, that the ob-
jects of the revolutionary bounty-land system, to
some extent, did fail; but, sir, that failure can be
clearly traced to defective legislation, and to the
peculiar circumstances of the country at that time.
It is not traceable to any necessary or inherent
principle in this mode of compensating our troops.
It has been my fortune to have resided in the Uni-
ted States military district ever since I commenced
the transaction of business. J have examined the
legislation which created that district and con-
trolled the grants within it, with some care. Its
imperfections are neither few nor small. They are
fully adequate to produce all the disasters which
have befallen it. The first acts on this subject
bear date on the 14th and Q7th days of August,
1776. By them, bounties in land were promised
to all such officers and soldiers as should leave the
armies of his Britannic Majesty, and become citi-
zens of the United States. The next acts bear
date on the 18th and 20th days of September, 1776.
By these acts, bounty lands were^promised to the
officers and soldiers' of the revolutionary army,
who should serve to the end of the war, or until
discharged by Congress. These acts were not
grants of land; they were but promises to grant
land at some future day. But one limitation is
found in them, and that one of short duration. By
the act of 20th September, 1776, it is provided that
no person shall have a title for any of said bounty
land, by virtue of an assignment from any officer
or soldier, which was made during the war. The
war ended in 1783. The warrants were then un-
restricted, and subject to be sold and transferred at
pleasure. By the act of the 9th of July, 1788, it
is provided that the Secretary of War shall issue
warrants for bounty lands to the officers and sol-
diers, their repiesentatives or assigns; thus sanc-
tioning the sale and assignment of warrants, and
vesting in the assignee the rights of the soldier
who served. By the act of the 1st January, 1796,
Congress ordered that a tract of land, fifty'miies
square, should be laid off in the territory northwest
of the river Ohio, (now in the central regions of
that State,) in and upon which these bounty-land
warrants should be located. By the same act, the
district of land thus set apart for the satisfaction of
military warrants was ordered to be surveyed into
ranges, townships, and quarter townships. No less
subdivisions were made than quarter townships,
being blocks of two-and-a-half miles square, and
containing four thousand acres. This act also
provided that the said land shall be granted only
in tracts containing a quarter of a township, or four
thousand acres. No officer or soldier under this
legislation could locate his warrant separately, for
no one received or held in his own right a warrant
large enough to cover the smallest subdivision of
the bounty land—the largest quantity granted to
any one officer being eleven hundred acres to a
me jor general, and the smallest being one hundred
acres to a private soldier. No further subdivision
of these lands was made until the first day of
March, in the year 1800, when fifty quarter and
fractional-quarter townships were ordered to be
surveyed into lots of fifty and one hundred acres
each. This presents the .substance of the legisla-
tion which controlled the fate of the revolutionary
bounty lands. Taken in connexion with the con-
dition of the country at that time, it could not be
otherwise than that such legislation must, to a great
extent, piove a failure. Three prominent, ami, as
experience has shown, fatal defects, present them-
selves upon the face of that legislation. First, the
warrants became transferable af the close of the
war; ihus making them the subject of barter and
speculation under the most adverse circumstances,
and subjecting the soldier to all the machinations,
devices, and artificcs of the speculator to get his
warrant away from him for the lowest possible
price: second, by refusing to subdivide the lauds
into less quantities than four thousand acres, arid
prohibiting locations in any less quantities-: Titus
