1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
29th Cong 2b Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Rathbun.
New Series No. 12.
returns home from the army out of health, out of
money, and out of employment, broken in spirit,
and with a ruined constitution: and suppose he
has a wife and six or eight children dependent upon
him for their daily bread: he receives a stock bond
or post note of fifty dollars, redeemable twenty or
thirty years after date, with interest, payable semi
annually at some Government agency fifty or a
hundred miles distant. This will afford him one
dollar and fifty cents every six months, or three
dollars per year. Suppose he gets scrip for one
hundred dollars: his semi-annual dividends will be
double that amount. What a comprehensive poli-
cy ! What a magnificent system! You make all
yoursoldiers retired pensioners, holders of the Gov-
ernment stocks, with a yearly annuity of three dol-
lars in instalments, falling due every six months,
of one dollar and fifty cents each, to support
himself, his wife, and six or eight children. The
author of this discovery deserves the universal
gratitude and thanks of mankind forthis inimitable
system of bounties and blessings. Pay a soldier
three dollars a year at a point so remote from him
that it will cost him six dollars going to get it.
But, say the friends of this measure, he can sell
his scrip. Under what circumstances is he re-
quired to sell his scrip? At a time when the finan-
cial affairs of the Government are at ease? No, sir,
he must sell when the country is burdened with
the debt of a war, and when its credit, if affected
at all, must be the most depressed. You issue
millions of dollars and deliver it to the soldiers in
small sums; they are scattered all over the coun-
try, throughout the length and breadth of the land.
They cannot sell to their neighbors in the interior,
for the reason that but few, if any, would wish to
purchase; they cannot go to the stock markets in
the cities to sell—the amount will be too small to
justify the expense. Who, then, will purchase?
Sir, you will see the agents of the stockjobbers
and bankers traversing the whole country in pur-
suit of the soldier to buy his scrip. They will fix
a price upon it, probably at a heavy discount, and {
the soldier will be obliged, if his necessities press ,
'him, to sell for what may be offered him. This
system appears to me to be intended, not for the .
benefit of the soldier, but for the spccial benefit of j
the stockjobber and speculator. '
Mr. Chairman, issue twenty millions of Gov-
ernment scrip, and you will create a mostmagnifi- I
cent scheme of gambling, peculation, and fraud,]
equalled only by the Mississippi bubble, the gild- I
ed theory of John Law, or the Pennsylvania Bank j
of the United States. Sir, my judgment condemns j
he substitution of the scrip for'the granting of j
lands. The bill, as repoited, with the amend-
ments pending, gives to the soldier a just reward
for his services, and guards and protects him in
its enjoyment. I desire to see it speedily passed;
I would not delay its passage a day nor an hour.
Many of the twelve months' volunteers are al-
ready at home, discharged for sickness and other
causes. A few months more, and before the meet-
ing of the next Congress, and they will all have
served their year, and become entitled to this boun-
ty. Why then delay? When will the soldier
most need the aid of his Government ? Will it not
be when ho returns to his home from its service,
after a years' absence from, and neglect of his own
private affairs ? Why, then, should the passage
of this bill be delayed by groundless objections
and factious opposition ? That some provision of
this kind will be made I have no doubt. The
present bill is the best I have seen on that subject,
and, with proper amendments, will accomplish the
objects proposed. I hope, sir, this bill will be
.passed without any further or unnecessary delay.
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF ME. G. EATHBUN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1847.
On theBill making a special appropriation to enable
the President to bring the war with Mexico to a
speedy and honorable conclusion—
Mr. RATHBUN said:
Mr. Chairman: The extension of slavery over
territory now free, through the agency and instru-
12
mentality of this Government, at the sacrifice of the
lives and the property of the people, is a question
"of such immense importance as to absorb all others.
The discussion on this subject has been at all times
interesting and exciting. I propose to examine it
with entire freedom, but without passion or preju-
dice. While I concur fully in the views expressed
by my able and honorable colleagues who have spo-
ken on the subject, except the last, [Mr. Strongs,]
I propose to present a different view of it, which,
although less important, is of some value in making
up a final judgment. Before I proceed, I wish to
make a single remark; which is, that although
I differ entirely in opinion with southern gentlemen
on this question, still I have no complaints to urge
against them on account of their efforts in sup-
port of their opinions. The institution of slavery
is peculiar to a portion of this Union. It exists in
fifteen out of the twenty-nine States. It is a local
institution, depending for its continuance or abol-
ishment, exclusively upon the States where it ex-
ists. There 1 am content to leave it, without the
slightest interference. But when they demand for
its use free territory, and ask us to carry it out of,
and beyond, the boundaries of the States, it is our I
right and our duty to refuse, and to prevent it.
Mr. Chairman, this institution is the must pcrfcct
political machine ever invented. The division of
the States into free and slave, combines the slave
portion into constant opposition to the free.
I propose to examine its political influence, its
political objects, and the consequences which must
result from its success. In my opinion, notwith-
standing all that has been said in regard to the
danger or injustice to the South, by the confine-
ment of slavery within the present boundaries, the
paramount object in its extension is political power.
But, first, what influence does slavery exert over
the people and their Representatives in the States
where it exists? The history of the Convention
which framed our Constitution, the history of Con-
gress, from its earliest organization, show an un-
broken and undivided support of every object,
every measure, and every principle, which prom-
ised advancement to its interests, extension of its
territory, or the increase of its power. The politi-
cal history of the States in which slavery exists
records the name of no rccreant or traitor to us
interests. Sixty years have passed, with all then-
periods of stirring political excitement, strong temp-
tations, ambitions hopes, disappointments, hates,
fears, and animosities, and yet no representative
of that interest has ever faltered for a moment in
its support. We have been told, in the most em-
phatic language, by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Burt,] and with the confidence which
past experience gives, thtit " there are no traitors
in the South" upon this subject. History had told
us the fact; the Journals of this House had read
us the lesson for the last fifty-seven years; and it
did not need the taunt to be thrown out upon this
question to confirm our belief m the fact. But upon
I this question, which divides the ^'orth and South, -
> and which ought to divide them, according to the
; strict boundaries of slavery, the North could not
! say, as the gentleman from South Carolina said of ]
: the South, that we have no traitors. We have j
them now,, we have always had them; and it is j
useless to deny the fact. _ ^ j
What but that institution could bind together ;
the Representatives of so many independent States j
so firmly that i^t one should ever be found at- i
tempting to escape? Its influence is paramount^to ]
all others, not excepting the Constitution. _ In^ie j
Convention which framed the Constitution in 1/Sj , j
the delegates from the slave States threatened to ,
secede, and to form no compact, unless their prop-
erty (slaves) should be represented in Congress. 1
They succeeded in their object then, as they have
ever since, in every case, whenever they have re-
soited to the threat to dissolve the Union.
The object of the slave States, I have said, is
political power. It was the primary object m the
formation of the Government under which we live.
It has been from that day to this pursued with
ceaseless energy and constantly increasing hopes
of success. The time has come when tins ques-
tion must and will be decided. Independent of
any considerations in regard to slavery in the ab-
stract, the question whether the free States, em-
bracing two-thirds of the freemen in this Union,
I shall be governed by the other one-third, and
whether the two-thirds shall, by the act of their
own Representatives, aid in transferring the power
to the one-third, is the most momentous in its con-
sequences to freedom of any ever presented to the
Representatives of this great nation. I will not in-
quire how it shall be decided. It is already de-
cided by the people. There may be some northern
men here who may desert us, who may betray
their constituents, who may aid the South, but it
is of no avail, it can do no harm; before such an
outrage can be consummated the hills and valleys
of the free States will send forth northern feeling
and northern determination in such thunder tones
as will compel every recreant to the faithful per-
formance of his duty. The Representatives of the
free States will be compelled to strike for the free-
dom of the North, as well as the freedom of any
territory which may be hereafter acquired. The
North is doubly interested in this question: first, in
the preservation of her own freedom; next, in the
freedom, prosperity, and happiness of the people
who are to inhabit the new territory.
Mr. Chairman, what are to be the consequences
to the free States by the extension of slavery into
territory now free ? They are to be more depend-
ant than they have ever been upon the South; they
are to be governed by men who hate and fear them.
We shalf be permitted to pay the taxes, to furnish
the soldiers and sailors to fight the battles of the
country, for the benefit of slavery, while the South
(our masters) will condescend to consume and ex-
pend the money, and to furnish officers to command
our fleets and armies, and to monopolize all the
honors and emoluments. Unless we yield all this
tamely, we are told the Union will be dissolved;
the South will not submit to such treatment any
longer; they cannot endure such oppression. Some
men from the North, and among them my col-
league, [Mr. Strong,] preach this same doctrine.
They, poor souls, wnnt to preserve the Union;
they are afraid the Democratic party will be in-
jured if we do not yield submissively. We were
told to-day and yesterdav, by no less than four
Representatives from the North—what? That we
were about to invade the rights of the southern
States, and to interfere with the solemn compro-
! raises of the Constitution; and that, by so doing,
i we endanger the safety of the Union. Well, if
southern gentlemen have succeeded in alarming
our northern men, I am very much gratified that
these northern men have been so kind as to come
out upon the floor of this House and express their
fears. And if what J shall say upon the subject can
be any consolation to them, I shall be very happy
to express my firm conviction that they need not
give themselves any alarm at all; that no action of
Congress upon this subject, no matter how definite
and just it may be, in the establishment of these
national principles, will trench upon the comp o-
mises of the Constitution, nor endanger the Union.
! They need not be alarmed upon that subject,
j Sir, all these northern men have told us it was
i not the time to raise this question; that it is very
' improper to interfere with the question of slavery
while wo are at war with Mexico; that it will em-
barrass the Administration; that it encourages the
enemy; that it distracts and divides the Democratic
; party; and that ail this mailer ought to be post-
poned until the war is over, and then we will settle
1 all these matters more properly anil move quietly.
, Well, by southern gentlemen on tins floor we are
i told the very reverse of this. One gentleman from
i South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] and many others on
1 this side of the House, have told us this is the
i time to settle this question—now; that it is time, if
| this subject is to be agitated, that we should declare
'< to them what we intend to do, and show by our
I actions what they have to expcct from us. That
. was the language of the South and the language of
honesty; ofmen l early to meet the responsibilities
j which the subject involves. The South have no
! right to complain of us on this ground. They
!j declare upon this floor that they will have the ter-
'! rl'l will read the following extract from Mr. A. D.
Sims's speech:
i1 " Mr. Burt here interposed. (Mr. S. yielding.) mid desired
' 1 to ask h., colleague whether he had expressed the opumvn
i that the country conquered fumi Me.uco smith ot 3o JO
! would bo occupied with the slave hM.mtnms m oonse-
:i unenee of the slate of public opinion m the northern, west-
!; em, or middle States ? Or whether it was in consequence
II of tbe Known determination of the southern people tfiat
