178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Rathbun.
Ho.
Reps.
their institutions shall he carried into that country if it be
acquired ?
" Mr. Sims, (in rej51y.) It is founded on the known de-
termination of the southern peopie that their institution shall
be carried there; it is founded on the laws of God, written
on the climate and soil of the country ; nothing but slave
labor can cultivate profitably that region of country. I have
no idea that the North or the West will resist to the death.
This Union will never be dissolved on that question."
They will have it. Yes, they will have it; and
yet. when that word of mandate and determination
was uttered, we have northern men upon this floor
who say, oh, yes, we must yield; if we do not,
why, we are embarrassing the Administration
in the prosecution of the war; it will hurt the
Democratic party, and dissolve the Union! We
are to be held back and to be. defrauded of
our rights; our constituents are to be plundered
and used as instruments to strike down freedom
and build up slavery. All this is to be done while
we are amused with this parrot-cry, It is not time—
it's too soon.
Mr. Chairman, what is the object of this bill?
Is it to prosecute the war? No, sir; but to pur-
chase peace, or a piece of territory—perhaps both.
"We are proposing, in the bill under discussion, to
appropriate three millions of dollars for the pur-
pose of negotiating peace—buying peace. What
shall he the terms on which we shall have that
piece of territory? That question should be con-
sidered now. It is due to gentlemen opposed to
me on this subject—it is due to northern men on
this floor, and those they represent, that this ques-
tion should be considered now; because the Gov-
ernment is about to draw from the pockets of the
people three millions of dollars for the purpose of
settling this controversy and buying peacc; be-
cause it is proposed, by the appropriation of this
three millions to buy territory, for the purpose of
obtaining that indemnity which it is said here we
ought to have, and in which I concur.
When we grant this money, may we not attach
a condition ? Is not this condition just and hu-
mane? Is it not in accordance with public opin-
ion in this country, and throughout Christendom ?
Shall we hesitate, because time-serving, truckling
politicians, tell us the principle is right, but it is
not the time? When will their time come? When
they shall have obtained the offices or places they
are in pursuit of, and the fear of removal is gone.
This is a grave question; and it is due to all sec-
tions of the Union that it should be considered and
settled now, if it can be. And the man from the
North who cries, it is not time, is giving " aid and
comfort" to those who intend to extend slavery
over that territory, and the strongest support that
he could possibly give them.
Why, suppose we acquire this territory. The
President, the Cabinet, the whole Administration,
we are told, are in favor of leaving this an open
question. They know, before we do, what are to
be the terms of the treaty; and before the North
learns that a treaty is to be made, that it has been
consummated and agreed upon, it is known in
the whole southern country, and that territory is
flooded all over with persons from the South, car-
rying thither their slaves. Then, when Congress
should meet here, when the treaty has been"rati-
fied, and should undertake to legislate upon the
subject, they would be met with the cry, not that
you are too early—no; but, you are too late. We
are in possession, and have vested rights which
you must not disturb. That territory is now cov-
ered over with slaves, and Congress has no right
to abolish slavery there. Then there would be
some plausibility in the argument that Congress
has no right to interfere with the compromises of
the Constitution in regard to this territory. There
is none now.
For these reasons, I am in favor of acting now.
Sir, have we ever been too early in any contest
with the South on such a question ? Have we ever
yet succeeded jn a contest with the South on such
a question ? Have we not always been a little too
late? And are we to be told now, by our own
friends, or those who ought to be—those who come
from the-North—that you are a little too early!
That you are interfering with the Administration
in the prosecution of the war ! That you ought not
to procure a lock and key for the stable door be-
cause the horse is there; but that you ought to wait
until he is stolen! Why, let gentlemen who would
amuse us in this cunning manner, and shut the
North out of her rights, take all the consolation
they can from it. I tell them the people of the
North know that it is not "too early;"—that it is
the time—that it is anticipating the foreclosure of
the question v&hieh the South will bring upon you
the very moment slavery places its foot upon that
territory.
But it was urged, that in pressing this amend-
ment they were " interfering with the compromises
of the Constitution."
Mr. Chairman, what are these compromises,
so continually harped about by southern men,and
occasionally echoed by some timid or traitorous
northern man? They are these: representation
of (slaves) property m the proportion of three-
fifths of their number; a guarantee to aid in
quelling insurrections; and an engagement to aid the
slaveholder in catching and returning his runaway I
slaves. j
And what was really the points gained by the |
North in yielding these three important conces- j
sions to the southern section of the Union? What ;
did the North obtain in lieu of this representation j
of slaves—this representation of property? We j
have no representation of property. We have no
right to call upon the States to aid in returning
our property when abstracted from our own State,
or (if live property) when it flees from one State
to another. What, then, did the North receive in
return? Why, this—and this alone—this misera-
ble apology of an equivalent, that/dircct taxation
and representation shall correspond with each
other. And when would that great bonus to the
North—that, great compromise to the North—be
executed? Never. It was pronounced at the
time by Gouverneur Morris of Pennsylvania, to
be a mere pretext for a compromise, utterly futile,
conveying no power to the Government; that it
would never be cxercised. And he said then, what
I wish all Pennsylvanians would say to-day, that
this property should not be represented on this
floor at all. I do not wish them to say it, so
far as the States which now exist are concerned;
but I wish them to say that they would not aid in
bringing in other territory which shall hereafter
have a slave population thus to be represented.
But, sir, I will read his remarks; they are these:
"Mr. Morris inquired: Upon what principle is it that
the slaves shrill he computed in the representation? Are
they men ? Then make them citizens, and let them vote.
Are they property? Why, then, is no other property inclu-
ded? The houses in this city (Philadelphia) aie worth more
than all the wretched slaves who cover tiie rice swamps of
South Carolina The admission of slaves into the represent-
ation, when fanly explained, conies to this: that the inhab-
itant ot Georgia and South Caiohna, who goes to the coast
of Afnea, and, in defiance of the mostaacied laws ot hu-
manity, tears away his fellow-cieatures from their dearest
connexions, and dooms them to cruel bondage, shall have
moie votes, in a government instituted tor the protection of
the lights of mankind, than the citizens of Pennsylvania or
New Jetsey, who view, with a laudablehorroi,sonefuuous
a practice. He would add, that domestic slaveiy is the most
ptominent feature in the aristocratic countenance in the pro-
posed Constitution. The vassalage of the poor has ever been
the favorite offspring uf atistocracy. And what is the pio-
posfd compensation to the northern States for a sacrifice of
every principle of light, and of every impulse of humanity?
They are to bind themselves to march their militia tor the
defence of the southern States—for their defence against
those veiy slaves ot whom they complain. They must sup-
ply vessels and seamen, in ease of a foreign attaok The
ioL'Hlature will have indefinite po iver to tax them by excises itnd
duties on imports, both ot winch will fall heavier on Mem than
on the southern inhabitants; for the Bohca tea used by a
northern fieenian will pay moie fa\ than the wlwle tax of
the miserable slave, which consists in nothing more than his
physical subsistence, and the rag tiiat covers his nakedness.
On" the other side, the southern States not to be lestramed
from inipoitmg fresh supples of wietched Africans, at once
to increase the danger of attack, and the difficulty of defence ;
nay, they are to he encouraged to it, by an a^uiance of hav-
ing their votes in the National Government increased in pro-
portion; and are, at the same time, to have their expoits
and their slaves exempt from all contributions for the public
service. Let it not be said that direct taxation i? to be pro-
portioned to representation. It is idle to suppose that the
General Government can stietch its hands duectly into the
pockets ot the people, scatteied over so vast a country.
They can only do it through the medium of exports, impoiN,
and excise?. For what, then, are all these sacrifices to be
made? He would sooner submit himself to a tax for paying
for all the negroes in the United States, than saddle poster-
ity with such a Constitution."
Pennsylvania has fallen from her high estate;
her Representatives, too many of them, are obse-
quious to the behests of those in possession of
power, and are ready to betray their constituents.
But., Mr. Chairman, I will read what was said in
behalf of this extravagant and unjust demand on
the part of the South—a demand of concessions,
not of compromise:
" Mr. Madison taid; It seemed now to be pi etty vv«U un-
derstood that the real difference of interest lay, not between
the large and. small, but betueen the northern and southern
States. The institution of slavery, audits consequences, form-
ed the line of discrimination."
"Mr. Davis said: ft was high time to sjteak out. He saw
that it was meant by some gentlemen to deprive the south-
ern States ot any share of representation for their blacks.
He was sure that North Carolina would never confederate on
any terms that did not rate them at least as three-fifths. If the
eastern States meant, therefore, to exclude them altogether,
the business was at an end."
" Mr. Mason said, that from the nature of man, we mav
be sure that those who have the power in their hands will
not give it up while thevcan retain it. On the contrary, we
know that they will always, when they can, rather increase
it. If the southern States, therefore, should have three-
fourths of the people of America within their limits, the
northern will hold fast the majoritv of representatives. One-
fourth will govern the three-tourths. The southern States
will complain; but they may complain, from generation to
generation, without redress."
"Mr. Pinckney urged the reduction, (of the representa-
tives of the northern States,) and dwelt on the supenor
wealth of the southern States, and insisted on its ha\ing its
due weight in the Government."
In repty to the remarks of General Pinckney,
Mr. Morris said: • 
"That property ought to have its weight, hut not all the
weight. If the southern States are to supply money, the
northern States are to spill their blood."
He was followed by Mr. King, who said:
"That on two great points the hands of the Legislature
were absolutely tied. The importation of slave* could not
be prohibited. Exports could not be taxed. Is this reason-
able ? What are the great objects of the general system ?
First, defenceaganist foreign invasion; secondly,agamstin
ternal sedition. Shall all the States, then, be bound to de-
fend each, and shall each be at liberty to introduce a weak-
ness which will render defence more difficult? Shall one
paitof the United States be bound to defend another part, and
that other pait be at liberty, not only to increase its own
dangers, but to withhold the compensation for the burden ?
If slaves are to be imported, shall not the exports pioduced
by their labor supply a revenue the bettei to enable the Gen-
eral Goveinment to defend their masters? There was so
much inequality and unreasonableness 111 all this, that the
people of the northern States could never be reconciled to
it. No candid man could undeitake to justify it to them.
He had hoped that some accommodation would have taken
place on this subject; that at least a time would have been
limited for the importation of slaves. He never could agree
to let them be impoited without limitation,and then be lep-
resented in the National Legislature."
Mr. Chairman, these noble and manly sentiments
of northern mSn in defence of the rights of north-
ern freemen, to maintain and defend the dignity and
honor of free labor, are in strong and humiliating
contrast with the speeches of the northern men,
who have turned the advocates of slavery on this
occasion. The framers of the Constitution conce-
ded too much; but these men would sacrifice the
whole North, to acquire favor in the South.
Sir, what I have read shows that the object of
; the South was political power then, and their rep-
; resentatives were ready to encounter any hazard
^ to obtain it. They demanded secuiity for their
1 slaves; insisted upon the right to import more; in-
j sisted upon the right of representation of those
they then possessed, as well as those which might
be subsequently imported. They resisted the impo-
sition of taxes upon exports, because all these con-
tained the elements of that power which they were
determined to possess. These demands, so extra-
ordinary in their character, so palpable m their ob-
ject and tendency, they would not surrender, nor
I' any portion of them. Sooner would they see this
i country become a scene of anarchy arid bloodshed;
I sooner would they see the confederacy of the
j States fall to atoms. Without these concessions,
| u there was an end of the business." These de-
mands on the part of the South were conceded by
the North. These are the compromises of the
Constitution on this subject; and this is all. There
were none on the other side. True it is that south-
ern gentlemen thrust forward the right to levy and
1 collect direct taxes in proportion to representation,
ji as a concession on their part. It was then declared
'' to be of no value. Fifty years' experience has
I proved the declaration to be true. Northern Rep-
j resentatives yielded everything and obtained no-
! thing.
Sir, let us examine the political consequences
] flowing out of this compromise. Direct taxation
by this Government is an obsolete idea. Slave
I: representation is an active principle; it is^felt in
j every debate and vote in both branches <tf Con-
! gress; it sends here equal to twenty-three Repre-
! sentatives—more than the majority'which has de-
J termined every important question within the last
|| three years. Its strength determined the mode of
lj annexing Texas and the division of Oregon. It
'' equals the number of Representatives from Maine,
