1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Rathbun.
Ho. op Reps.
New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut, Rhode
island, and Delaware. The Constitution fosters
and encourages slavery by'its concessions and
compromises—it strengthens it by giving to it po-
litical power—it perpetuates it by its guarantees
to aid in suppressing domestic violence; for all
those concessions and guarantees on the part of
the free States, they obtain the empty and imprac-
ticable pledge m the Constitution, that direct taxes
shall be apportioned among the several States ac-
coJ u :  to r?Presentation. I am not complaining
of these unjust provisions; my object is to state
facts, and to state them fairly, to present this com-
promise in its true light, ana to show that it, like
all other compromise? between the North and
South, is all in favor of the South. Notwithstand-
ing the unequal, and, as many believe, unjust provis-
ions contained in that sacred instrument—notwith-
standing the absence of any concession therein, in
favor of the free States, they have always yielded
implicitly to all its demands and requirements.
What_ the mode of representation ought to have
been, is obvious to the comprehension of every
man; and this certainly cannot be denied, that the
rule, whatever it is, ought to be uniform. If pop-
ulation is to be the basis, then whatever is in any
of the States known and designated as property,
bought and sold as property, animate or inanimate,
human beings or animals, ought to be excluded.
This principle of representation, so obviously just
and equitable, is violated by our Constitution—
violated for the benefit of the southern States,
and to the prejudice of the free States. Why
was it, and at whose suggestion was it, that this
gross injustice and wrong was done to one por-
tion of the States for the benefit of the other?
Sir, the debates which I have read explain the
whole matter. The delegates from the southern
States without these advantages would not con-
federate. Anxious to avoid confusion, anarchy,
and bloodshed, which they saw in the prospect,
the northern States yielded what they knew to be
a great sacrifice, for the public good.
But, sir, the Constitution must be preserved.
All its provisions, just or unjust—no matter by
"what means obtained—s$ long as it remains the
fundamental law of the land—so long as this Union
shall be preserved—must be upheld and maintained.
It has been said, again and again, that we have no
right to interfere with slavery. And why not?
Because it is unconstitutional. Is there anything
in the Constitution, among the compromises, or
elsewhere, providingfor upholding slavery, except
in the States where it exists? Does it provide for
the acquisition of territory by purchase, conquest,
or otherwise, in order to extend and increase slave-
ry—to increase its representation in Congress—to
throw into its arms the whole political power of
this Union? It does not: and we have the right
to resist such an effort. In 1790, the (Quakers
presented a memorial to Congress praying for the ;
regulation of the slave trade. A motion was made j
to commit it to a select committee of the House. |
That proposition was met with denunciation, as 1
being a subversion of the Constitution—as excitm^ I
alarm, insurrection, and bloodshed. ° !
It was denied then, as it is now, that Congress
had any power or authority to interfere with sla-
very. We have the right, as I contend, and I
appeal to the authority which I will read to sustain
me:
"Mr. Madison adverted to the western country, and the
cession of Georgia, in which Congress have certainly the
power to regulate the subject of slavery; which shows that
gentlemen are mistaken in supposing that Congress cannot
constitutionallyinterfereinthe business in any degree what-
ever. He was in favor of committing the petition, and jus-
tified the measure, by repeated precedents in the proceed-
ings of the House."
The right is clear; and it has been repeatedly
exercised. This proviso, called the Wilmot pro-
viso, was drawn by Thomas Jefferson, and was
adopted in 1787, excluding slavery from the North-
western Territory. It was voted for by southern
men as well as northern. The Missouri compro-
mise, as it is called, was another act of Congress
upon the same subject. What was that compromise,
and how was it adopted ? It was carried by the
votes of every southern man, and the votes of thir-
teen northern doughfaces—thirteen traitors to the
North. I hope we shall have only thirteen now.
-Sir, these same men, southern and northern, who
charge us with violating the Constitution, who
deny our right to interfere with slavery, offer to
extend this Missouri compromise on the parallel
of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north lati-
tude to the Pacific. Why this offer, unless we have
the right to interfere with slavery? If they have
authority to propose or to establish this line, have
we not an equal right to reject it, and establish our
own boundary ? . •
We are charged with injustice and illiberality by
southern men. Let us look into history, for the vin-
dication of northern liberality and integrity, against
this unjust imputation. Has the North refused to
surrender the power to the majority? Has it ever
been the policy of the North to withhold from the
South any just right? Has her course towards
theSouth ever been characterized by jealousy,envy,
or illiberality ? Since the adoption of the Consti-
tution, the institution of slavery, with its right of
representation, has spread over what is now the
States of Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, and
Mississippi, which at that time were territories
claimed by different States. Nothing in the Con-
stitution required the States to allow this exten-
sion. It was the interest of the North to oppose
it, and prevent it. The North was in the ascend-
ant in both branches of Congress; yet they did not
exercise that power. All the territory embraced
in the treaty between this Government and Great
Britain, at the close of the war in 1783, lying m
the southern portion of the Union, has been over-
spread by slavery. Louisiana was purchased by
this Go vernment of France, at the cost, (including
the claims of our citizens on that Government,
which were surrendered,) of twenty millions of
dollars. Florida was subsequently purchased of
Spain, at an expense of five millions of dollars.
The expulsion of the Indians from the territory
of Florida cost the Government more than fifty
millions of dollars, and the lives of hundreds of
northern men. These large sums were drawn from
the pockets of the whole people—North as well as
South—and m much the largest proportion from
the .North. Out of the territory so purchased have
been admitted into this Union the States of Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, Missouri, and Florida,—four States
added to the South, which the North contributed
the larger proportion of the money to piuchase;
extending slavery, and increasing, by its repie-
sentation, the political power of the South. Texas
was next admitted into the Union as a State, with
the privilege of subdividing herself, so as to make
four more States, to be hereafter admitted. We
are now at war with Mexico in defence of Texas,
the cost of which, aside from the immense loss of
lives of northern men, mtiy be safely set down at
one hundred millions of dollars. This territory,
like those of Louisiana and Florida, is all appro-
priated to the institution of slavery, with its repre-
sentation; thus increasing the power of the South.
The war debt must be paid, and the North will
be required to pay much the largest share. There
are now fifteen slave States. The power of the
Senate, having the control over Executive appoint- i
ments, and being in fact the Government, has been
surrendered by the North to the South. The ma-
jority has yielded the sceptre to the minority. If
we are not wise, we may claim that we have been
liberal. I am not complaining of all this liberal
simplicity on our part—complaint is useless and
unprofitable; my object is to call up to the recol-
lection of this House and the country to the manner
in which that power, secured to the northern peo-
ple by the Constitution, to which they are entitled
by their numbers, has been gradually surrendered.
I wish to show them the folly of their course
hitherto, and the danger of the next step we are
called upon to take. I hope to aid in arresting our
progress before that last and fatal step is taken.
Sir, after reviewing the repeated and extensive ac-
quisitions of territory in the South, allow me to
inquire, where are ours in the North ? Our title to
the whole of Oregon was clear and unquestionable,
yet nearly half of it has been surrendered to Great
Britain. The rule seems to be to grasp in one di-
rection all the territory within our reach, and to
abandon that to which we are justly entitled in the
other.
Before we make a final surrender of all the re-
maining power and influence in the Government,
it is well to inquire in what manner it will be used
by those who demand it. To avoid error, let us
turn to the past, and from what has occurred, and
is occurring, judge the futu re. The political effect
of the institution of slavery is curious, and well
worthy of examination. We see and know cer-
tain facts: for instance, we know that all the Presi-
dents, from 1789 to 1846, being a period of My-
seven years, with the exception of twelve years
and one month, the President has been a southern
man. The office of Secretary of State has been
filled by southern men forty years, out of fifty-
seven. There have been twenty-nine Congresses,
each having its Speaker: of these, twenty have
been southern men, covering a period of forty
years. From 1827 to 1847, but one northern man
has been Speaker; and that one, is our present
presiding officer. The officers in the several de-
partments of the Government are now, arid always
have been, two-thirds from southern Slates. I
need not enlarge upon this branch of the case; it is
sufficient to state, that in other departments—in
the civil and'diplomatic corps, in the army and
navy—the same principle has prevailed nearly to
the same extent. With these facts before us,
what arc we to expect when the power is entirely
transferred? The inquiry naturally arises, how
j are those results produced? More than two-thirds
' of the free population of the Union are in the free
States. The Representatives of those States amount
to one hundred and thirty-six; being a majority of
forty-four in this House. Notwithstanding this
large majority, the power and patronage of the
Government is in the hands of' southern men.
Why^isit'' It is the effect of slavery. The sub-
stitution of the three millions of laborers, recog-
nised as property, having no will or voice of their
own, in the place of independent freemen, having
an equal voice and equal rights in the election of
ofiiccr3 and the enactment of laws, with the high-
est or wealthiest man in the community, tends to
perpetuate ofhee m the hands of a few; thus fur-
nishing the Representative with the means of ex-
tending his acquaintance, acquiring public reputa-
tion and influence. Hence, on the one hand, is
experience, knowledge of public business, political
acquaintance and influence, firmly bound and ce-
mented by a common interest, to combat strength
of numbers, without organization, without any
common band to unite them. It is not surprising
that the North has been overcome by her shrewd
and persevering adversary.
These gentlemen, sir, who complain of our dis-
regard of the compromises of the Constitution and
the Missouri compromise, ought to remember their
votes on the Oregon bill last as well as the present
session. With few exceptions, very few, the whole
South voted against extending the prohibition of
slavery to that territory. And yet, sir, they all
know that the south line of Oregon is five-and-a-
half degrees north of the Missouri compromise
line. They violated their own compromise: they
can make no such charge against us. This line is
fixed and settled, when we are to be the losers by
it; but it has no existence, when the South see the'
prospect of gain by blotting it out.
Mr. Chairman, my colleague, [Mr. Strong,]
who spoke yesterday, and who stands among that
class of northern men who are betraying their con-
stituents, and who are said to be seeking spoils at
the hands of the Executive, occupied his hour in
retailing impertinent flings, scraps, and fragments,
which have been bandied about in newspapers for
the last two years. There was nothing new or
original in his speech. I leave him. where he ought
to be left, to answer an outraged and betrayed con-
stituency, who will settle the account with him
when he goes home. And I apprehend he will be
found here, from the Empire State, solitary and
alone in his infamy, against this amendment. I
shall not attempt to follow him in his flings about
this attempt to make Presidents upon this ques-
tion. A man who would so far forget his duty to
his constituents, his duty to his country, and his
duty to his God, upon this question, and upon
considerations such as these, must be a poor,
miserable, degraded being, and fit only to be a
slave.
Whatever may be the result here—whatever
may be the vote upon this question now—I tell
gentlemen the whirlwind which is now pervading
the North, before the coming year expires and the
next Congress assembles, will rise e^id grow in its
strength and power, until it bccomes a mighty tor-
nado, that will sweep down every northern man
