18G
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 27,
£9th Cong 2d Sess.
Revenue to sustain the War—Mr. Bowlin.
Hp. of Reps.
who dares oppose himself to its strong and resist-
less force. Yes, there are some now who, when
they-think the breeze is gentle, peep out and say,
" I am afraid the Democratic party will be in-
jured I am afraid of the dissolution of the Union!"
I tell them, when that thunder which is manufac-
turing among the freemen of the N'orth, on account
of the desertion of her Representatives here—when
that thunder, which will be little inferior to the
thunder of the Almighty, comes down upon this
ikouse at the next session of Congress, it will
come with resistless power, and no man will dare
then pretend that he is endeavoring to save the
Union or the Democratic party by betraying the
interests, the rights, and liberties of his own peo-
ple. "Why, what is the position of gentlemen who
are afraid to stand up upon this question and tell
the South and the country what the North de-
mand, and what they have a right to demand? Sir,
in plain English, it is to sell us oufc-—to surrender
us, bound hand and foot, into the hands of the
minority. Is that democracy ? I beg gentlemen
to pardon me; I can see none in it.
But there is one single fact to which I wish to
call the attention of the' committee, not immediate-
ly, but remotely, connected with this question.
In the message of t^e Governor of Virginia, I
find set forth, with great cure and no small abili-
ty, a plain, simple proposition to drive out the
forty-nine thousand free blacks in that State into
the territory of the free States Why, sir, what
would southern men say to us, if we dared'—we
dare do anything—but if we dared, in defiance of
our duty and responsibility to God and man, to
make such a monstrous proposition ? Should we
hear them talk about dissolving the Union ? Sir,
they would proclaim, the moment the van of that
forty-nine thousand reached their territory, that
moment the Union is dissolved. And well they
mi^ht. What do we say? That there is no ter-
ritory in the free States belonging to them; that
there is no place for them. As far as New York
is concerned, should the refuse part of the popula-
tion of Virginia reach our territory, we will carry
them back to Virginia. "We will not hurt the ne-
groes—they are not to blame; but we will carry
them back to Virginia, and put them down upon
her soil; and wo be to the man or men that under-
takes to resist that act of justice. # j
Some southern £>enflcmen complain that we are ,
excluding them by refusing to authorize slavery |
in the Mexican territory. Is if so? Have they j
any less rights than other people? On the other j
hand, if slavery goes there, does it not exclude the j
freemen of the Noi th ? Does it not degrade labor ? j
Is it not accompanied by the pistol and the bowie- j
krtife? Would the plague more effectually exclude j
northern men? They want it for slaves, because :
where slavery exists, the slave-power prevails, j
Slaves are property—they are also persons. They'
are constituents—mute and powerless lor them- ,
selves, it is true, but the representative is not mute, j
Mr. Chairman, I came here to protect against a ;
sacrifice of the North—against her being betrayed, :
and surrendered, to the tender mercies of those j
who have governed her too long already. {
Sir, the remark of the honorable member from i
Virginia [Mr. Leake] about scurvy politicians,
is of such a character as to render it undeserving
of an answer. I will not allow myself to attempt
an answer. I might indulge in expressions strong-
er than 1 ought on this floor.
One gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J.
Ingersoll] had told the House that the Wilmot
proviso did not rise to the dignity of a principle;
it was only a sentiment; that it was not an Ame-
rican "sentiment," but was brought here from a
foreign country. I would have been glad to pro-
pound this question to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J". Invgersoll,] if he was present:
Whence does this sentiment come ? I would be
glad to know of him whether it came from France ?
And if from Fiance, at about what time? But
inasmuch as the gentleman is not present, we
cannot have the benefit of his historical knowl-
edge.
Sir, I have already said that in the Convention
which framed the Constitution, the great object of
object they would care no more for the existence
of slavery than we of the North do. I have an ex-
tract. from the Charleston Courier, in which is pro-
claimed the true object. It is this:
" Every battle fought in Mexico, and pvpry dollar spent
there, but insures the acquisition of territory which must
widen the field of southern enterprise and power in tl>e
future. And the final result will be to readjust the whole
balance of powfr in the Confederacy so as to ziye us control
over the operations of the Government in utl time to come.
If the South be but true to themselves, the day of our de-
pression and suffering is gone, and gone forever "
And I say to the North, if they yield upon this j
question now, no matter whether it were under j
threats or otherwise, the power of the majority of j
this nation, of two-thirds of the freemen of the i
country, is gone, and gone forever. The power of j
the Senate is the Government of this Union. It
controls and regulates treaties, appointments to I
office, as well as the legislation of the country. It j
has rejected men who had given opinions, as judi- j
cial officers, that State laws, regulating the mode of
trying the fact of whether a man was a slave or
free,was constitutional. It marks and rejects such
men, although they may stand first in this nation
in their qualifications for the bench.
Sir, I have endeavored to show the dangers
which threaten us from the triumph of the slave
power; the injustice to the North; to the new ter-
ritory and its people; the outrage we should com-
mit upon the enlightened and Christian feeling of
the world, by permitting slavery to plant its cloven
foot upon the free territory of Mexico. Sir, these
things are all calculated to arouse the feelings of
every northern man—to excite in him that firm re-
solve which knows no fear, and which can look
danger out of countenance. Having the power to
protect our own intei*ests—to do ourselves justice
—to exercise a wholesome influence over the
affairs of the Government—we have permitted
others to control and govern us—to wield the
power and patronage of the Government for their
own advantage—and have waited patiently for
paltry favors, which are always bestowed grudg-
ingly and parsimoniously, and which are used
to control and manage * us. Is there a man from
the North so degraded, or so traitorous, as to sup-
port this schcme of revolution? We shall see.
Sooner than give any vote which should thus be-
tray the free States—thus surrender them bound
and manacled to the South, to be governed and
managed as they would be, I would seethe Mexi-
can territory ingulphed in the ocean. When the
time comes that we are called upon to record our
votes on this question, if there are recreants, they
will be compelled to ni^Jcc up the record of then-
own degradation and infamy. I leave them as
they stand here, responsible to an outraged and
betrayed constituency.
In conclusion, I remark, that the extension of
the political power of slavery has ceased. The
North wills it. Whatever may be done here now,
no more slave States out of the limits of Texas
will be admitted into this Union. Whatever we
take from Mexico will be dedicated to the use of
freemen for the employment of free labor. It is
fixed.
REVENUE TO SUSTAIN THE WAR.
SPEECHOFMR. J. B.EOWLIN,
or MISSOURI,
In tiie House of Representatives,
February 27, 1847.
self if he felt that he could be capable, for an in-
stant, of contributing, directly or indirectly, to place
the country in a state of war, throwing the high
responsibility of conducting that war to a gloriou?
termination upon the Executive, and then with-
holding from him the means necessary to its ac-
complishment. By such a course, gentlemen might
temporarily embarrass the Executive, and cripple
the energies of the Government, but it could only
be temporarily, for the people, penetraiing the thin
veil that covered up such a design, would soon rise
in their might, and rebuke its authors, and throw
around the President the protecting shield of their
confidence.
The war exists, declared so to be, by the almost
unanimous vote of this House; our armies had
been placed in the field, and it was too late now,
when the Executive called for means of supporting
that war, for gentlemen to oppose granting them,
and console themselves with the parrot cry, " that
it is the President's war," and flatter themselves
that they were deceiving the people, because tljey
were deceiving themselves and keeping up their
own courage by such a clamor. But this parrot
cry will not avail them in the hour of trial; because
it was, in fact, not true, and falsehood never
sustained a cause: and the record of the vote of
this House, declaring the existence and justness
of the war, would rise, like Banquo's ghost, to con-
found and unnerve them before the people. It was
the people's war, declared solemnly to be so by
their representatives; and when those representa-
tives abandoned its glorious prosecution, upon pre-
tenses falsified by their own vote upon the rccord,
! the people would take it up with an energy and
j patriotic ardor that would teach their pretended
] advocates here that they, at least, hare not yet
learned to weigh national honor and national glory
in the balance, against a few dimes of additional
taxes! The pretence that the people are opposed
to being taxed, in everything necessary to raise
funds in support of the present struggle, is a li-
bel upon their patriotism and their generosity.
Politicians might, and did sometimes, practise
strange tricks in the sacred name of the people,
which they would blush to acknowledge before
the assembled masses. But he meant to let tne
people speak for themselves, through their deeds
worth more than words, as to their opinions
of the existing war and the national obligation of
prosecuting it with vigor, and their willingness to
> bear all reasonable burdens for its support. "We
! hatl been told, again and again, that the people
were against this war, and were unwilling to be
taxed in favorite articles of consumption for its
support. This kind of bold assumption, at the
expense of the patriotism of the people, was very
easily trumpeted forth in these halls, but he called
for the proof to sustain it. Where is the proof to
sustain this aspersion upon their patriotic devo-
tion to their country' Was it found in the public
press, the representative to some extent, of the
beatings of the national pulse? No; the press, the
co-laborer with the people in the propagation of
i the principles of civil liberty, comes freighted to
I them from every quarter of the Union with patri-
' otic appeals to pour forth the national energies,
j until our triumphant victories should be crowned
, with a lasting peace. Even the party Whig press
| of the country, where it has to reflect the pure
! and unadulterated sentiments of the masses of all
' parties, could not be drilled into the blind service
' of the Opposition upon that floor—even they are
: driven by the irresistible force of public opinion, if
not from higher motives, to take the side of their
! country in this conflict. Then the proof was not
- found in the press. Was it in the gallant and
On a Bill to Increase the Revenue derivable from
duties on Imports; also, from the sales of the   ... . , _
Public Lands, [graduatingand reducing them,] to jj patriotic demonstrations which the people gave in
aid in the prosecution of the war with Mexico, j! offeringup themselves upon the altar of their conn-
Mr. BOWLIN" rose and said: J try, in proportions ten fold greater than the demand?
i Was it found in this demonstration of patriotic
Mr. Chairman-; The bill under consideration
comes before us as a re venue measure, recommended
by the Executive, as necessary to furnish means
for vigorously prosecuting the war, and maintain-
ing the honor and credit of the country; and as
such, were there no other considerations, should
have his warm and undivided support. He bowed
~ "" merely because it was the
to no Executive will,
the South was, what it is now, to secure the as- j; mandate of the President; such conduct was not to
ceiulency in the Government. That was the great 1: be found in the catalogue of Democratic principles,
end and aim'theh. It is the great object of their j. But he did bow to the sacred principles of honor,
ambition now. And permit me to say, without thai 11 justice, and patriotism; and he would scorn him-
ardor, of which history furnishes no parallel? We
call for a thousand men to take the field, and the
call is echoed back ly ten thousand voices, anx-
iously seeking to be chosen for the post of danger
as the post of fame. Was it here that gentlemen
found proof of the unpopularity of the war? If so,
he could only say, that in politics, they had a
strange way of drawing deductions from the prem-
ises. Then it was not, he assumed, m these
demonstrations that they found the proof of its
unpopularity. And he would ask, not captiously,.
