184
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 4,
29th CoftG 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Cathcart
Ho. op Reps.
duty which he owed to his God, to his country,
and to himself,, vet I am free to admit that I was
taken completely by surprise when his veto mes-
sage was received in this House. It will be borne
in mind, that various as were the opinions as to his
probable course, a very large majority of us ex-
pected that he would sign the bill. For myself I
did expect it, and shall give my reasons for having
come to this conclusion.
The "previous question," which was moved
\ipon the reception of the veto message, cut off my
saying at that time much of what X shall now sub-
mit, and especially from giving my reasons for hav-
ing supposed that the President would not have
vetoed the bill.
In the first place, it was based upon estimates
gent in by the President with his message; and it
may be seen, that perhaps no bill of this character
which has ever been passed by Congiess, stuck
closer to the estimates upon which it was framed, j
I do not mean to say that the President himself J
made these estimates; but that the Secretary of }
War reported to him, and he sent his report to us, |
without any disclaimer*, and, naturally enough, we
inferred, receiving these estimates as we did with-
out any evidence of his disapproval, that they had
not his disapprobation. And the only public ex-
pose which I had seen of Mr. Polk's opinions upon
the subject of internal improvement, and the
one which I have heard reference made to, will be
found in his report during the session of 1830-31.
I think that no nifeicnce was to be drawn from this
report of his hostility to the improvements contem-
plated by the vetoed bill. By carcfully examining
the report alluded to, it will be seen that " avers
and harbors" are not once mentioned throughout
its entire length. It was made, evidently, to sus-
tain General Jackson's views upon internal im-
provement, was composed in a great measure of
extracts from his messages upon that subject, and
may, in fact, be said to have been an echo of the
old Hero's repeated declarations.
Candor requires that I should state here, that
Mr. Polk, while one of the Rcpiesentatives from
Tennessee, though l\e sustained expenditures for
light-houses, beacons, and buoys, voted against
harbor appropriations. This he might well have
done upon grounds of expediency—Tennessee hav-
ing no harbors to provide for. But as no distinc-
tion can be drawn, under the provisions of the Con-
stitution, between appropriations for the light-house
system and for harbors, no room was left to infer
that he had constitutional objections to the latter
class of appropriations.
So universal is the opinion that these two classes
of appropriation stand upon the same footing, so
Car as the Constitution is concerned, that scarce an
exception can be found, either in this House or out
of it. The distinction cannot be drawn under the
clause empowering Congress to regulate commerce;
and, if drawn at all, must be found under the " gen-
eral welfare"—a caption under which I hardly sup-
pose any Democrat would place it; and if any one
else should, the train of reasoning by which it would
be sustained would indeed be wonderfully curious
The truth is, that it is only by defining the word
"regulate," in the eighth section of the first article
of the Constitution, to mean "facilitate,'' (about
which I shall say more hereafter,) that the power
to appropriate money to either purpose can be sat-
isfactorily sustained.
Looking at the vetoed bill, we find it not more
comprehensive than similar bills which General
Jackson had approved. Examining the different
items, we find the whole number to be forty-three.
Of these very items, or rather appropriations for
the very same objects and places, General Jackson
had approved thirty! Those for which he (Gen-
eral Jackson) had not approved appropriations,
and those for which he had, may be seen by a table
which I have in my hand; and 1 undertake to say,
and can prove, that those items in this bill, which
have not the sanction of General Jackson's ap-
proval, are not a whit more ob jectionable than those
which he did approve; and that he did not approve
every item in this bill is simply owing to the fact
that the condition of the country where these points
are located was not such as to have biought them
into view during his time. But though he did not
approve appropriations for all the points specified in
the vetoed b§l, he did sanction with his official ap-
proval the bill of 1834, which contained thirty-two
distinct appropriations; the bill of 1835, which con-
tained twenty-two; the two bills of 1836, which
contained eighty-nine; and the bill of 1837, which
embraced fifty-nine.
The aggregate appropriations for rivers and har-
bors during the Administrations of Jackson and
Van Buren was §7,885.515; while the sum total of
appropriations from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment for these purposes down to the com-
mencement of Jackson's administration, was only
$1,038,919; and during Tyler's administration,
only $1,008,500.
Butl have heard it said on this floor that the vetoed
bill contained appropriations for harbors at places
where none were or could exist; and indeed where
God did not intend them to exist! Now, I trust I
will not be considered as wanting in respect to the
gentleman who made this declaration if 1 express
my doubts as to his having any authority from
above for his extraordinary assertion.
It is indeed strange doctrine, that from the fact
of the non-existence of a natural harbor at any
point, we are to infer that the fiat of Jehovah has
gone forth, that none shall be there created by man;
and I suppose we are to be told that in the creation
of the Delaware breakwater, where a firstrate har-
bor has been made where none existed before, that
we have been committing a great crime, warring
upon the laws of God ! As to the impos&ibilily of
making a harbor at any point mentioned in this
unfoitunate bill, the assertion only proves that
those who made it are entirely misinformed upon
this whole subject.
It is possible to make a harbor wherever bottom
can be found.
Mr. Chan man, if further cvidencc is required to
prove that this bill was such as had met the ap-
proval of General Jackson, it may be found in an ar-
ticle in the Southern Review, where an able writer,
in denouncing our bill and sustaining the veto,
says, it is " the fact that a bill framed expressly
1 on the pmiuples lie (General Jackson) laid down
' has been vetoed by President Polk." Further-
more, it so happens that those very appropriations
in the vetoed bill, which have met with the heaviest
denunciations on this floor, were made for the wry
same points for which General Jackson and Mr.
Van Buren had sanctioned appropriations.
Mr. Polk was elccted by the grand rally made
by the old Jackson party; and I am free to admit
that I expected that he would, upon this subject,
| have walked in the footsteps of his "illustrious
' predecessor." We all knew that Mr. Polk waw
[ opposed to a system of internal improvement by
1 the General Government. So was General Jack-
son, so was Mr. Van Buren, and so we all were.
But, then, what constituted a work of internal im-
provement ? That was the question. Now, I have
an esteemed constituent, (from North Carolina,
too,) one of those plain uneducated men whose
sterling worth and unaffected piety better fits him
for his vocation than all the learning of the schools,
} who, while preaching to his neighbors one day,and
I speaking of the country he came from, remark-
ed: "My friends, in the mountains of North
4 Carolina, where the land is so poor that white
4 peas will hardly sprout, we were, from necessity,
4 raised without book-learning; and you may judge
£ of our ignorance there when I tell you, that I had
'never even seen such things as wagons, clocks,
' watches, and otherworks of internal improvement,
' until after I left home on my way to Indiana." I
shall not stop to complain of the comprehensive
i character of my good old friend's definition of these
j words, but I will say that roads and canals, and not
j rivers and harbors, constituted the works so desig-
i nated by General Jackson, and so known and ob-
I jected to by the Democratic party generally. Hcnce,
' as I before intimated, I expccted Mr. Polk to have
| given the same construction to these terms, and
I was disappointed when I found him differing so
| widely upon this subject from our old leader,
j The public records show that beacons, buoys,
i light-houses, and piers, have been provided for by
: Congress, from the first organization of the Gov-
! ernment, without any question as to the constitu-
j tionality of such appropriations. Indeed, the first
I appropriation was asked for upon the express
! grounds of its importance to " facilitate" com-
merce. The first act upon this subject was approved
August the 7th, 1789, and I will read a portion of
the first section:
"Be it enacted, 4'c., That all expenses which shall acciue
from and after the 15th day of August, 1789, in the necessa-
ry support, maintenance, and repairs, of all light-houses,
beacons, buoys, and public piers, erected, placed, or sunk
before the passing of this act, at the entiance o£ or within
any bay, inlet, harbor, or port, of the United States, for
rendering the navigation theieof easy and safe, shall be de-
frayed out of the treasury of the United States." "
This act further provides that the Secretary of
the Treasury may contract for building light-
houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers; and its
last section distinctly affirms the power of Con-
gress to enact laws upon the subject of pilotage.
The men who framed and passed this "act were,
very many of them, the framers of our Constitu-
tion; and can any one believe that they placed that
straight-laced construction upon the powerof Con-
gress to regulate commerce which is now attempt-
ed, and which denies the only interpretation of the
section upon that subject which gives it any vital-
ity whatever? Yes, sir, with the first Congress,
and with General Washington, to "regulate,"m the
third clause of the eighth section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution, meant to "facilitate;" or
the alternative is, that in enacting the law from
which I have just quoted, they violated our charter
of Government. We knoiv they would not wilful-
ly do this, and we canH believe they were mis-
taken. We then find under this clause the direct
grantof power to make these appropriations; but!
will add, that they are all "necessary and prop-
er" to sustain the navy, by furnishing protection
to its shipping and a nursery for its seamen.
President Polk, in his message, does not deny
the constitutionality of appropriations for piers,
beacons, buoys, &c.; indeed, he says—
"Congress have oxcrciscd the power, coeval with the
Constitution, of establishing light-houses, beacons, buoys,
and ptpiv, on our ocean and lake shores, for the puipose of
rendering navigation safe and easy, and of affording protec-
tion and shelter for our navy and other shipping. These
are safeguaids placed in existing channels of navigation.
After the long acquiescence of the Government through all
preceding Ad.mrn.>trations, i am not disposed to question or
disturb the authority to make appropnations for such pur-
poses."
Who could ask more than this? And yet he
vetoed the bill.
We have had intimations, on this floor and
elsewhere, about log-rolling in connexion with
this bill. This is an unjust aspersion. Before
taking up this bill, during the last session, did
we not adopt a rule providing for a separate vote
upon each and every item included in it? And
any member of this House, by that rule, was en-
abled to demand a separate vote upon each and
every appropriation contained in it. I voted for
that rule. Did this look like log-rolling? And I
state, furthermore, that 1 knew of no attempt at
log-rolling; that 1 neither asked nor was asked to
give a single pledge. I may confidently say, that
none of Indiana's representatives were approached
in this way, and 1 believe I may speak for the
whole House.
The gentleman near me, Mr. Chairman, says
that there was a kind of general understanding,
which he appears to consider log-rolling. Why,
sir, does he not know that it is only by such gen-
eral understandings that we pass any bill, except
we "go it blind,'5 as he seems to have done; for he
now says he regrets that he voted for the vetoed
bill, ancl would not do it again even to accommo-
date me, friendly as are our mutual relations. He
says that he voted for the bill without examination;
and I will say that he also voted against it, after
the veto, without examination; for I mean no dis-
respect when I say that he knows nothing about
the subject yet.
Was it not by a general understanding that we
passed the tariff? Did not many of us who pre-
ferred salt to come in duty free, vote for 20 per
cent, impost on it? Did not many who were op-
posed to the fishing bounties vote against their
discontinuance5 And why? Because we knew that
without some abatement of extreme pretension we
could not carry this salutary measure of reform.
But how ridiculous to call this concurrence log-
rolling !
Though a digression, I must be permitted to say
here, that, for the want of those facilities which
harbors would afford, we of the lake country
have been unable to reap the golden fruits of a less
restricted course of trade; and the benefits of our
, judicious tariff are lost to us in a great degree,
i owing to the want of shipping to take our products
