186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 1,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Alabama Volunteers—Mr. Reuben Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
of a million of. dollars for works of a useful and
humane character, while millions upon millionsare
lavished upon the pay of our official dignitaries.
And in passing I must remark, that those who are
opposed to river and harbor improvements, or at
least some of them, seem always ready to increase
the pay of the civil officers of the Government.
And here I am reminded of another expression in
the Southern Quarterly Review; it will be found
in the same article upon the Memphis Convention,
before referred to. I "will read the extract: " We
' have shown that party associations have but little
' influence on the question of internal improvement
< in the west or north. Executive patronage, also,
' seems to be of but little avail against the pledges
' of members of Congress to the people, especially
* in the west; where appropriations for internal
' improvements are most eagerly sought." JJ1™"
tentionally, I suppose, the author has paid the
West a just compliment; for if 1 can conceive any-
thing which should most emphatically condemn a
man to eternal infamy, it would be that truckling,
spaniel-like and fawning spirit, which would bend
the supple hinges of the knee before the altar of
executive power and patronage, while the interests
of a confiding constituency were being immolated
cis the sacrifice.
Let us pass now to,an examination of the ex-
pediency of these appropriations; or, in other
words, let us see whether the outlay which is pro-
posed for our vast lake and river commerce is dis-
proportionate to its magnitude, or extravagant, as
compared with the other expenditures of the Gov-
ernment.
In 1843, (see House Doc. No. 124, 3d sess. 27th
Cong;.,) the number of steamboats navigating the
Mississippi and its tributaries was 450; their ag-
gregate tonnage 90,000; their value $7,200,000;
persons engaged in navigating them 15,750; ex-
penses incidental to their navigation $12,280,000.
Number of flat boats 4,000, navigated by 20,000 men;
and the expense of building and navigating them
$1,380,000. Total value of freights $220,000,000.
This was early in 1843.
The foregoing estimate was made by an intelli-
gent committee of the citizens of Cincinnati. By
the Treasury reports, the tonnage of the steam-
boats on the western waters, on the last of June,
1845, was 159,713. It may safely be said that the
steamboats on these wafers now number 900, and
that their aggregate tonnage amounts to at least
170,000. The total value of freights is probably
$400,000,000.
So much for the rivers. Let ns now turn our
eyes to our great lakes; and here I would say that
I will draw freely upon a letter written by James
L. Barton, Esq., to our worthy chairman of the
Committee on Commerce. Mr. Barton's intimate
acquaintance, from his long connexion with the
business of the lakes, entitles his estimate to great
weight; and I believe if he has erred at all, he has
fallen within the mark. He states the amount of
the commerce of the lakes (exclusive of the money
transported) at least $81,<00,000 in 3845; the
number of passengers on Lakes Erie, Huron, and
Michigan at 98,736, by actual count; and esti-
mates the total number of lives exposed on all the
lakes, including Ontario, of course, (embracing
crews as well as passengers,) at about 250,000.
The tonnage of the steamboats, and other vessels
running on the upper lakes, m 1845, 76,000; the
cost $4,600,000. The tonnage owned and built on
Lake Ontario was 18,000; cost $,1,500,000. He
also gives the names of the vessels built on the
shores of the lakes in 1845, and their tonnage
amounts to J2,887. In 1846 the tonnage of ves-
sels built on the upper lakes was 19,000 tons.
From the foregoing data, we may safely place
the commerce of the lakes, even now, when it is
comparatively in the first stages of development,
at ^100,000,000-
Here, then, is an aggregate of the property of
our people of $500,000,000, and hundreds of thou-
sands of their lives exposed to wreck and disaster
upon the western rivers and our great lakes. And
upon these waters the amount proposed to be ex-
pended by the bill of last session, was (compara-
tively speaking) the insignificant sum of $999,000;
befag less than the one-fifth part of one per cent.
In Mr. Calhoun's report, the estimated losses
from obstructions which can be removed in the
rivers, amounted to $1,820,200 iu 1845, besides
(which no sum could reimburse) a great number
of valuable lives. On Lakes Erie and Michigan,
in 1845, the loss was estimated at $190,000, and
sixty or seventy lives were sacrificed. I have no
means of ascertaining what the losses were during
the last season, but in money they were great, and
in life beyond estimate. I am inclined to think
they were unusually heavy, for I could see from
the deck of the boat upon which I crossed Lake
Erie, that the shores were literally strewn with
wrecks. I hesitate not to say that if the sum total
of losses upon all the lakes could be obtained, it
would be appalling; and the major part of it is at-
tributable to the condition of our harbors.
In view of the foregoing facts, the policy which
would deny so small an appropriation for so great
and humane a purpose, must and will be consid-
ered as " penny wise and pound foolish.1'
I have before said, that the assumption that the
Constitution doesnot authorize these expenditures,
would seem to stultify its framers. For if you do
not attach the meaning which I have claimed for
that clause giving Congress the power to regulate
commerce, the clause has no meaning whatever;
as the idea of enacting rules and regulations for I
the commerce of the States is preposterous and
absurd, as entire free trade is established by the
Constitution among the several States, and of
course no rules and regulations can be required or
could be proper or necessary. The very words of
the Constitution forbid the idea that the power to
"'regulate commerce between the States," means
that Congress may simply enact rules under which
that commerce shall be carried on. The States are
forbidden the power to lay either export or im-
port duties; and this, in connexion with that clause
which says l< the citizens of each State shall be
entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the several States," embraces the whole
subject, and is so conclusive as to leave no room
whatever for the operation of " rules and regula-
tions."
In the exercise of the power granted by one
clause of the Constitution, we should not lose
sight of the general restriction imposed by the first
clause of the eighth section of the first article,
which would confine the appropriation of the pub-
lic moneys to works of such a character as would
conduce to the general welfare of the United
States. And here, for fear of misconception, I
would state, that, in my opinion, the clause last
referred to only grants one substantive power, and
that is, to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, which may be expended under the
various specific grants of power to Congress, and
shall be (in so being expended) only used " to pay
' the debis, and provide for the common defence
s and general welfare of the United States."
The bill reported this session proposes to ex-
pend, for the protection of this immense branch of
our national industry, only $293,000 (for western
rivers and the lakes.) It would seem to me, that
while we are annually expending millions upon
millions of dollars for the protection of our foreign
commerce, and for fortifications which, before we
will ever have any use for thfem, will be the laugh-
ing-stock of the improving age we live in; forvdock
and ship yards, not half as necessary to sustain
the navy as the nursery for seamen furnished by
the commercial marine,—if we refuse this small
appropriation, necessary to protect the basis of our
imports, from which we have to draw not only
our usual supplies, but the sinews of war, (for it is
evident that the duties upon the increased imports,
which would be received into the treasury, by the
exchange of a portion of our product's, now lost,
would outweigh, in a series of years, the proposed
expenditures,) that we will find ourselves in the
predicament of the unfaithful servant in the para-
ble, who, instead of using his one talent, hid
it in the earth; and the people will say to us,
" Cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer dark-
ness."
Mr. Chairman, I will not go into the defence of
the various appropriations contemplated by the bill
which we have to pass upon, but shall leave a par-
ticular defence of each place mentioned, if such de-
fence be necessary, to the gentlemen whose repect-
ive districts embrace the different points for which
appropriations are asked. I have given, I trust,
satisfactory reasons why the harbors neat* the head
or south end of Lake Michigan should be consid-
ered particularly worthy of our fostering care.
Michigan City, in Indiana, lies in my district; and
I beg leave to state, that the small appropriation
proposed, is absolutely necessary to preserve the
public piers already built there, but not completed,
and which have cost $135,733; and that small as
this sum is, it will enable a great number of ves-
sels to come into our port which are now shut out;
will conduce greatly to the safety and convenience
of the general commerce of Lake Michigan, as well
as afford great facilities in the export of our vast
agricultural surplus; and enable us to receive in
return the fabrics and products of our sister States,
and of the other nations of the earth, without the
dangers and delays consequent upon loading and
unloading in an open sea. This harbor is the only
one which Indiana has; and with a view to give it
to her, the terms of the ordinance of 1787 were so
modified as to her boundaries, by the act of Con-
gress admitting her into the Union, as to give her
the lake coast embracing it; and I cannot believe
that so wise a purpose, and one so long continued,
is now to be abandoned.
ALABAMA VOLUNTEERS.
SPEECH OF MR. R. CHAPMAN,
OP ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 1, 1847.
The rules having been suspended, on the motion
of Mr. Chapman, of Alabama, he submitted the
following resolutions, to wit:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House any information in
his possession, or in the War Department, showing the rea-
sons: why the Alabama regiment of volunteers, under the
command of Colonel John R. Coffey, was detained on the
Rio Grande, and not allowed to advance to participate in the
battle at Monterey, while otiier regiments from other States,
who arrived long subsequent to the Alabama regiment in the
hostile country, were permitted to go in advance, and take
part in that battle.
"Resolved further, That the Presidentof the United States
be requested to inform tin's House for what offence, and under
what law ovreguhitiun of the array f Bugadiei General Shields,
commandingat Tampieo, Mextco, deprived Lieutenant John
McDuff,ofthe Jackson county company of the Alabama regi-
ment, commanded by Colonel John R. Coffey, of his com-
mand, and ordered him home, without giving him the bene-
fit of a court of inquiry or a court martial, to inquire into the
charges, if any, against him."
Mr. CHAPMAN said :
Mr. Speaker : I am at all times averse to con-
suming the time of this House, more particularly
in relation to subjects that may not be as interest-
ing elsewhere as in my own district. Heretofore,
as all who have observed my course will bear me
witness, I have taken up as little of the time of the
House as any member in it. On the present occa-
sion, I feel myself called upon to explain the object
I have in submitting the resolutions just read to the
House: it is due to myself as well as to this body
that I shall do so. And first, Mr. Speaker, I will
remark, that I do not expect this House to remedy
the evils set forth in the resolutions, except so far
as the publication of the information called for
may effect that object. I do not purpose that Gen-
eral Taylor shall be censured by this House for
the injustice to the Alabama volunteers, referred
to in the first resolution, or that General Shields
shall be, for the oppression he has been guilty of
towards Lieutenant McDuff in the second; but I
do call upon this House to exercise the power—
the.existence of which no one can deny—of ob-
taining the information from the executive depart-
ments on the subjects referred to, with a view of
publishing it to the people, in order that the
wrongs, if wrongs have been committed, may
come in an authoritative form under their obser-
vation; that the high military officers who com-
mitted them may he at least punished by their
condemnation, if their acts warrant condemna-
tion.
It is due to myself, Mr. Speaker, to say further,
that before I left Alabama last fall, 1 saw many
newspaper paragraphs, and heard much said among
the people of that State, on the subject referred to
in the first resolution—of the injustice to the Ala-
bama volunteers, by keeping them at Camargo, on
the Rio Grande, while the volunteers from other
States, who reached the seat of war long subse-
quent to them, were allowed to go in advance, and
