188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 1,
29th Cong.....2d Sess.
Alabama Volunteers•—Mr. Reuben Cha.jmi
an.
Ho. of Reps.
that he would in the absence of any cause add in-
sult to injury by so expressing himself. I am so
•well assured myself that there has been no cause
heretofore to impair General Taylor's confidence in
the officers or the soldiers in that regiment, that I
will undertake to say, that if an opportunity had
ever occurred to test their valor and their conduct
on the iield of battle, previous to the movement I
have made in their behalf to-day, I would have been
relieved altogether from the necessity. The colonel, J
as" well as a considerable proportion of his men, re- I
side in my district. I have known Colonel Coffey i
intimately for many years, and I take great plea- I
sure in bearing my humble testimony to his high j
character as a gentleman, and his bravery and i
every other qualification that belongs to the gallant !
officer. No man has, or deserves more than he i
does, the confidence and respect of those who |
know him. True it is, that he is quite a reserved I
and unassuming gentleman in his deportment, j
Perhaps in this age of the world, when men are, I
regret to say, more favored in the estimation of
many by their vanity and egotism, than by that
modesty and reserve that ought to belong to every
gentleman, Colonel Coffey may lose caste on ac-
count of his not practising the usual quantity of
presumption in his intercourse among men; but
those who know him best appreciate him most. I
have an acquaintance with most of the other officers
in the reginlent, and take equal pleasure in saying
as much in their behalf—no regiment in the ser-
vice, I feel confident, has truer or more patrioticoffi-
cers, or who will render more service to the coun-
try, and give a better account of themselves when-
ever an opportunity presents itself. The regiment
only requires a proper occasion to prove to Gen-
eral Taylor and the world, that they are fit for any
and all the duties that belong to the soldier, and
brave and determined enough for any emergen-
cy however desperate. Why, then, I ask, Mr.
Speaker, was the Alabama regiment, who was the
first, or among the first, to respond to the call of
their country, and hasten to the seat of war before
the others, kept back on the Rio Grande, to suffer
■ so severely by the diseases of that fatal climate,
while volunteers from other States, long subse-
quent to them in the enemy's country, were car-
ried in advance, and in their stead, to fight the
battle at Monterey—as one of the officers of the
regiment (Captain Smith) ha? said, "to win and
wear laurels that ought to entwine our brows'"
It has been truly stated in the remonstrance,
that a portion of the two regiments at first called
out, under the orders of General Gaines, from
Alabama, were the first volunteers that reached
the seat of war. That gallant officer, General
Desha, of Mobile, (whose patriotism on the occa-
sion does him so much honor,) with his company
of volunteers, was the fiist to reach the Rio Grande,
after the call for volunteers to relieve General Tay-
lor, when he and his army were supposed to be in
imminent danger of falling into the hands of the
enemy. The next to arrive there was Colonel
Raiford, of Alabama, and hjs command. It does
seem to me, Mr. Speaker, that these circumstances
ought to have entitled them, if not to General Tay-
lor's favor, at least to expect full justice from him.
I have frequently heard it charged, that the Mexi-
can war has been carried on by the General, or
some of those who are supposed to have too much
control in his counsels, with a view of making
political capital—of breaking the dominant party
down, and raising the other party in the estima-
tion of the people. I am not disposed to believe
this, Mr. Speaker: it surely cannot be so; but the
apparent injustice done to Alabama in this matter,
while unexplained, is certainly calculated to en-
courage the belief among the people of that State.
It is well known, Mr. Speaker, that of all the
States in the Union, no one has stood more firm
iu the Democratic faith than Alabama: there, the
banner of our party has never trailed in the dust:
there, the strong citadel of Democracy has always
stood, and will, I trust, continue to stand proof
against every assault. I will not believe, however,
that on this account General Taylor has trampled
upon the rights of our brave and patriotic regi-
ment, who were the first to rush to his relief.
That regiment is composed of men of both the
great political parties: they are engaged in a com-
mon cause—the noble cause of their country—and
have (as we all o\tght to do in time of war) buried
all political differences, and act as a band of bro-
thers in the cause of their common country. The
information called for may relieve General Taylor
from the suspicions referred to. It is due to him,
therefore, as well a*s to the character of the regi-
ment, and the State to which they belong, that all
these things shall be fully explained.
I am very well aware, Mr. Speaker, that Ala-
bama has not had her due share in the prosecu-
tion of the Mexican war. The people know
j this in the State, and they feel it. While some
j States, not so near the seat of war, and with
j less population, have been allowed to send each
several regiments, Alabama has but one. Of this
we do not complain. We trust there are sufficient
reasons to justify the Administration, and I will
not stop to inquire into the cause. 1 know that
the people of Alabama are as ready, and I may
say, as anxious to engage in the service of their
country as those of any other State in the Union.
I believe that instead of one regiment, twenty
regiments might be obtained, if called for, in Ala-
bama. In that State scarcely any difference of
opinion exists in relation to the war; both par-
ties sustain it. They believe it was forced upon
us, and could not have been avoided without na-
tional disgrace. The able and unanswerable views
upon the subject in the late message of the Presi-
dent, has not met with a more favorable response
anywhere than in Alabama. The people of both
political parties are resolved to stand upon the
ground taken in justification of the war, and will
cheerfully pour out their blood and their treasure
to prosccute it, to conquer a peace, if it becomes
necessary, and bring the contest to a glorious termi-
nation. Instead of opposition to the war, or stop-
ping to inquire how it was brought on, or might
have been avoided, all paities in Alabama are sur-
prised at, and cry out against, Congress for the
delay in granting the men and money necessary to
prosecute it with energy and efficiency. As far as
I am concerned, I have acted upon tiie subject in
conformity to the sentiment in my State, as well
as upon my own views of sound policy. I have
urged speedy action in all propositions for carry-
ing on the war, and I have voted men and money
to the full extent asked for by the Executive.
Mr. Speaker, I am equally ready to vote for any
measure that has been or may be proposed by the
Executive to raise the money to carry on the war.
I am not disposed to act the part that some profess-
ing Democrats are acting here—claiming to be in
favor of the Administration, and the prosecution
of the war—voting any amount of appropriation
to carry it on, and refusing their support fyr any
measure recommended to raise the money they
appropriate. This course seems to me not only
inconsistent,butabsurd. Those who boldly oppose
the war, and refuse to vote supplies to carry it on,
are infinitely more consistent, and no more the real
enemies of the Administration and the war. I am
as reluctant to tax the people as any member on
this floor, but when it becomes necessary to carry
on a war, a just, an unavoidable war, and sustain
the honor of the country, I will give my vote for
an adequate tax. My constituents require me to
do so, and will sustain me even in voting for a tax
on tea and coffee, about which so much has been
said.
We all know, that to carry on the war, money
must be provided; and I know of no mode by
which we can carry on this war, if we refuse to lay
any tax upon the people. Gentlemen may tell us
that we can borrow money; but how can we ex-
pect to borrow, unless we make some provision
to pay ? War has been declared or recognised as
existing, by the almost unanimous vote of Con-
gress. It has been going on, at a heavy expense,
for many months, and it is likely to continue.
The President, as the head of the Government, is
required to prosecute it, and he is responsible for
the manner of carrying it on. He has informed
us of everything that has been done thus far, and
what is proposed to be done hereafter towards
bringing the war to a successful termination, rely-
ing upon the aid of Congress to enable him to carry
out the plan proposed. Congress have, in effect,
by their votes, approved of the measures of the
Executive; but when the President calls upon us
for the necessary means to carry out his measures,
and recommends the mode by which the money
can best be provided, some of those who gave their
votes in fhvor of the war, and still profess to be
in favor of it, vote against the President's recom-
mendation, and it is defeated. Their objection
cannot be to the particular plan recommenced, or
they would bring forward some other—but to any
plan to enable the President to prosecute the war.
1 do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to censure other
gentlemen for their course upon this or any other
subject; they are responsible to their constituents,
as 1 am to mine; but I must say, that professing,
as I do, to be the friend of the Administration, and
in favor of the war, if I had, by my votes here,
defeated the measures recommended by him as
necessary to carry on the operations of the Gov-
ernment and prosecute the war, my constituents *
would not fail to distinguish between my profes-
sions at home ant^my acts here, and they would
certainly act accordingly.
Mr. Speaker, having digressed somewhat from
the subject immediately under consideration, I will
ask the indulgence of the House, and proceed to
make a few remarks on the second resolution. It
is due to the House, as well as to myself, that I
shall submit the facts, as far as they have come
into my possession, upon which I felt myself
bound to make the call upon the President pro-
posed in that resolution. About three weeks ago,
1 received from Colonel John R. Coffey, of the
Alabama regiment, a letter, dated at Tampico,
Mexico, on t£c subject of the arrest of Lieutenant
McDuff, of his regiment. On the very day I re-
ceived the letter, I called upon the Secretary of
War, and submitted it to him. The case, as set
forth in the letter of Colonel Coffey, appeared to me
to be one of such enormity, so novel—the exercise
of such hi«h-handed tyranny and oppression—-that
I expected from the Secretary the most prompt
action upon it. In this I was altogether mistaken.
He did not seem to consider the case as one of
sufficient magnitude to engage his immediate ac-
tion. The Secretary has either become so familiar
with such scenes in the course of his official du-
ties, as not to feel, as I confess I did, for the out-
rages upon the rights of Lieutenant McDuff, who
is my constituent; or, if he did, his manner and
deportment on the occasion was so cold, so stiff,
and unconcerned, as to inspire in me but little hope
of obtaining redress at his hands. I then called
upon the President, who very promptly, after
hearing the facts, promised to see the Secretary of
War, and have it speedily attended to. For this
purpose, I left Colonel Coffey's letter with him.
I next heard of the letter in the hands of the Sec-
retary of War, who promised to inform me of his
action in relation to the case, that I might, as
requested to do by Colonel Coffey, communicate
with Lieutenant McDuff in Alabama. After wait-
ing some time for the promised information, with-
out receiving any, I sent for and obtained the letter
of Colonel Coffey. I have not received a reply up
to thisdayfrom theSecretaryofWar,orfrom any
one else, in relatio-n to the case. And as I am re-
quested by the colonel of the regiment, as far as
possible, to protect the rights of Lieutenant Mc-
Duff, who, in his opinion, and in mine, has been
most outrageously treated, and having failed alto-
gether in obtaining any redress from the Executive
branch of the Government, after several attempts
to do so, I have, in the honest discharge of my
duty, brought the case to the consideration of this
House. That the House may be in possession of
the facts, I send to the Clerk's table to be read the
letter from Colonel Coffey, referred to.
It was read as follows:
" Tampico, Mexico, December28,1846.
"Dr. Chapman: General Shields, commander of this post..
has issued an order that Lieutenant McDuff, of tire Jackson*
couritv company,should be lelieved from his command until -
further orders from the President, and that he shall report
himself to th* assistant quartermaster at this place for trans-
portation to the States ; which, of course, McDutf is bound
to do, or disobey an order.
" Now, i am of opinion myself, that the lieutenant is justly
entitled to a court of inquiry or a court martial, without he-
me sent from his command.
" 1 understand the facts to be these: a man was sent from
a detachment of a working party to that, company, under
guard, to be guarded by it; the higher officers of the com-
pany weie absent; McDuff himself was that very morning,
and for sometime previous had been, reported on the morn-
ing reports sick. The prisoner was riot taken charge of im-
mediately ; the general rode down, called Lieutenant AfoDn/f
from his bed in the tent, when a short conversation took
place as to who was in command; McDuff telline lum that
he was wholly unable for duty, and was so repotted daily.
" The company are loth to give him up; he is a good sol-
