1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6LOBE.
189
•29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
dier, and at home a worthy young m^.n, and a good citizen :
he has raised a family of fatherless young brothers and sis-
ters in good crcdit, his father having been killed in the army.
This is the third campaign for himself: one in the Creek,
one in Florida, and this; and before this, I have never heard
aught against him.
" Now, my object in writing to you is, to ask you to inter-
cede with the President, and get his hand of decision stayed,
until the facts of the whole circumstance are fully made
known, either before him or a court. * * * *
" I would be glad to hear from his case, as well as Mc-
DufPs, when you make the trial.
" Truly, your friend,
"JOHN R. COFFEY".
" N. B. Lieutenant McDufF will go from here to his home
jit Bcllefonte, where he or anv one thereof your friends will
be glad to hear from you. His witnesses, of course, would
be those who were present at the time. J. R. C."
I have such confidence in Colonel Coffey, know-
ing him to be a gentleman of unquestionable vera-
city, so discreet and cautious, that I rely most
confidently upon the account of the transaction as
stated in his letter. If the facts are as Colonel
Coffey has stated them, all must agree, that the
case is one as remarkable for its enormity, its
tyranny, and oppression, as any that can be per-
petrated against the rights of an officer. I can
scarcely believe that the annals of military opera-
tions can furnish any example of such an outrage.
I have, Mr. Speaker, some acquaintance with
Lieutenant McDuff; and there is now in this city,
a gentleman of high character, from the same
county, who is intimately acquainted with him.
From my own knowledge, as well as on the infor-
mation obtained from that gentleman, (Mr. Scott,)
I can fully corroborate the statement of Colonel
Coffey, as to his good character at home. He is a
man of high respectability, and as brave and pa-
triotic as any officer in the service. Where did
General Shields find his authority for thus seizing
upon an officer commissioned by the Governor of
Alabama, and sending him, perhaps as a prisoner,
from his command, some three or four thousand
miles to his home in Alabama, without giving him
a trial, without allowing him the opportunity of
making his defcncc—of being confronted by the
charges, or the witnesses against him, or of produ-
cing those in his defence-5 Besides the violation of
all the military laws and army regulations of which
I have any knowledge, every principle of justice
has been outraged. An officer, who (as Colonel
Coffey states) was then, and had been for some
days previously, confined by sickness, and so re-
ported to him every morning as unfit for duty, to
be thus dragged from his sick bed, and hastened
off without a heating, and without mercy, irre-
spective of his commission and his rank, is shock-
ing to every feeling of humanity. [At this point,
Mr. Douglass, of Illinois, remarked, (though he
did not address the Speaker,) in substance, that it
was improper to bring such charges against General
Shields, in the absence of proof.] Mr. C. resumed.
Mr. Speaker, I hear it said by the gentleman from
Iliinois, that the resolution is unsupported by proof.
Did he hear the letter from the colonel of the regi-
ment read ? Is that not proof? I consider it proof
of the most ceuain character. The colonel under-
takes to state a transaction that took place in his
regiment—all the facts stated he must have known
as the commanding officer officially. I cannot con-
ceive how I could have introduced stronger proof,
in the absence of the report from the War Depart-
ment; to obtain which, the resolution has been
offered.
Mr. Speaker, great as the outrage is against
Lieutenant McDuff, that is of but trifling moment,
when we consider, in comparison, the injurious in-
fluence to the public service such lawless proceed-
ing is calculated to have. If an officer, however
high in command, is to be allowed, of his own
will—perhaps when under the influence of pas-
sion—thus to deprive an inferior officer, commis-
sioned by his State, of his command, and send him
home in disgrace, without allowing any trial or in-
vestigation, how can you expect to keep up the
army.? Who will go into the service, if such acts
of oppression go unpunished? If the facts are as
Colonel Coffey states, Lieutenant McDufF, who has
been so roughly dealt with, and for the time dis-
graced, was guilty of no improper conduct. But,
however high his offence, he had a clear right, un-
der the military law, to a court of inquiry, or a
court martial. There is no authority in the com-
manding general to punish an officer without trial.
It is in vain to say that this injured officer can re-
turn to his regiment, and demand a court-martial.
I understand Colonel Coffey to state that a court
had been refused him. But he has been hurried
off home, in disgrace, some three or four thousand
miles from his witnesses: he is now suffering all
the horrors of a disgraced man, although innocent
of any offence. The injury to him cannot be re-
paired by any proceeding now; but such scenes
may, by proper action, be prevented from occur-
ring hereafter.
Mr. Speaker, I am actuated by no unfriendly mo-
tives towards General Taylor or General Shields,
in presenting these resolutions to the House; nor
is it my object to prejudice the service, by expo-
sing the facts referred to. On the contrary, while
I considered it to be my duty, as the Representa-
tive (and the oldest from my State on this floor)
of the colonel of the regiment, of Lieut. McDufF
and a large number of the Alabama volunteers, to
bring these subjects to the notice of the House, af-
ter having failed in obtaining any redress or infor-
mation at the War Department, I deeply regret
the necessity of troubling the House at this time |
with them. I ask that the resolutions may be j
adopted. j
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF HON. LEWIS CASS,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the Senate, February 10, 1847.
The Bill making a special appropriation of Three
Millions to bring the war with Mexico to a
speedy and honorable conclusion, being under
consideration—
Mr. CASS said: In the remarks I propose to
submit, Mr. President, I shall invert the natural
order of arrangement. I intend to present my
views of the causes and course of the war thus far,
and also the reasons, which will induce me to vote
for the appropriation of three millions of dollars.
To which I shall add my views of the best mode
of proceeding m the prosecution of the war. I shall
begin, however, with the two latter subjects.
I do not rise, sir, with the emotions so visibly felt
and so eloquently desciibed by the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina. I do not consider
this country, or its institutions in the slightest dan-
ger. Never was it more free, powerful, or pros-
perous, than at the present moment, when untimely
warnings come to assail us. The public sentinel
may sleep upon his watchtower. In the distant
horizon, not a cloud as big as the prophet's hand,
is to be seen, which is to overspread the heavens,
and to burst in thunder and in tempest upon us.
We are, indeed, engaged in a foreign war, which
demands the solicitude of every good citizen. But
the scene of its operations is two thousand miles
distant; and, come the worst that may, we can at
any time withdraw into our own country. Dis-
graceful, indeed, would be such a movement; but
it would be still better than the evils predicted,
and according to the natuie of the apprehensions
expressed, it would terminate the danger.
Mr. President, it gives me great pain to hear any
allusions to the dissolution of this Confederacy;
and of all the places in this republic, this high place
is the last, in which they should be expressed. The
Constitution is in no danger. It has survived many
a shock, and it will survive many more. There
are those now in the Senate—and i am among
them—who were born before it came into being.
We have grown with our growth and strength-
ened with our stiength, till the approach of physi-
cal infirmities, the kindly warnings of nature, bid
us prepare for another and an untried world. And
the Constitution, too, has grown with its growth
and strengthened with its strength, till from three
millions it governs twenty millions of people, and
has made them the happiest community upon the
face of the globe. But it is yet fresh in its strength.
No infirmity has come to tell us, that its dissolu-
tion is near. It is no longer an experiment, but
experience; no longer a promise, but performance.
It has fulfilled all, and more than all, its most
sanguine advocates dared predict. It is at this
moment stronger in the affections of the American
people, than at any other period of its existence
Like the cliff of eternal granite, which overlooks
the ocean, and drives back the ceaseless waves, that
assail its base, so will this Constitution resist th®
assaults, that may be made upon it, come how or
when or whence they may. In the providence of
God, no such lot as ours was-ever conferred upon
a people. What we have been and are, the past
and the present have told, and are telling us.
What we are to be, the future will tell to those,
who are to come after us, to their joy or sorrow,
as we cherish or reject the blessings we enjoy. If
we are not struck with judicial blindness, as were
God's chosen people of old, and punished for na-
tional offences by national punishments, we shall
cling to this Constitution, as the mariner clings to
the last plank, when night and the tempest close
around him; and we shall cling to it the stronger,
as the danger is greater.
Mr. President, I shall not touch any of the topic#
before us, as a sectional man. I view them, and
shall present them, as an American citizen, look-
ing to the honor and interests of his country, and
of his whole country. In these great questions of
national bearing, I acknowledge no geographical
claims. What is best for the United States is best
for me; and in that spirit alone shall I pursue the
discussion.
A strong desire pervades this country, that a re-
gion, extending west of our present possessions to
the Pacific ocean, should be acquired and become
part of our Confederacy. The attempt to purchase
it was made during the administration of General
Jackson, and the hope of succeeding has nev.er
since been wholly abandoned. I will not detain
the Senate by spreading out the reasons, which ren-
der such a measure desirable. It would give tons
a large territory, a great deal of it calculated for
American settlement and cultivation, and it would
connect us with the great western ocean, giving ns
a front along its shores in connexion with Oregon
of, perhaps, thirteen or fourteen degrees of latitude.
It would give us also the magnificent bay of St. Fran-
cisco, one of the noblest anchorages in the world,
capable of holding all the navies of the earth; and
from its commanding position, controlling, in some
measure, the trade of the northern Pacific. But,
sir, besides these advantages, commercial and ge-
ographical, there are impoitant political considera-
tions, which point to extension as one of the great
measures of safety for our institutions.
In Europe, one of the social evils is concentra-
tion. Men are brought too much and kept too
much in contact. There is not room for expan-
sion. Minds of the highest order are pressed
down by adverse circumstances, without the power
of free exertion. There is no starting-point for
them. Hence the struggles, that are ever going on,
in our crowded communities. And hence the
ententes, which disturb and alarm the Governments
of the Old World, and which must one day or
other shake them to their centre, Questions of
existence are involved in thpm, as well as ques-
tions of freedom. I trust we are far removed from
all this; but to remove us further yet, we want al-
most unlimited power of expansion. That is our
safety valve. The mightiest intellects which when
compressed in thronged cities, and hopeless of
their futuie, are ready to break the bairiers around
them the moment they enter the new world of the
West, feel their freedom, and tuin their energies to
contend with the works of creation; converting the
woods and the forests into towns, and villages,
and cultivated fields, and extending the dominion
of civilization and improvement over the domain of
nature. This process has been going on since the
first settlement of our country; and while it con-
tinues, whatever other evils betide us, we shall be
free from the evils of a dense population, with
scanty means of subsistence, and with no hope of
advancement.
The Senator from South Carolina has presented
some views of ouraugmentingpopulation as trueas
they are striking. At the commencement of his life
and of mine, this country contained three millionsof
inhabitants, giving a rate of increase, which doubles
our numbers every twenty-two years. There are
those yet living, who will live to see our Confed-
eiacy numbering a population, equal to the Chinese
empire. This stupendous progress outstrips the
imagination. The mind cannot keep up with the
fact. It toils after it in vain; and as we increase
in numbers and extend in space, our power of
communication is still more augmented. The tele-
graph has come with its wonderful process to bind
