194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29th Cong 2b Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
west of the Nueces, and remained there till the 17th
of March, 1846, when they marched for the Rio
Grande. So much for our military movements.
Two causes are alleged, as giving Mexico just
cause of waragainst the United States. ^ The first,
which is the annexation of Texas, is jointly urged
both,in Mexico and in this country. The second,
which I believe finds its advocates only in the Uni-
ted States, is that our army occupied the country
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
As to the first, it has passed the ordeal of pub-
lic opinion, and received its final judgment. I do
not flatter myself, that I could present any new
views of a subject, so long and so publicly discuss-
ed. But, as it stands in my way, and I cannot
avoid it, I shall venture to submit a few reflections,
which have occurred to me.
The right of a country to reduce to obedience a
portion of its territory, asserting independence by
arms, is not denied. The recognised principles of
the law«ef nations require other powers to afford
no aid to either party, during the actual progress of
the controversy. They may acknowledge, how-
ever, and in fact they often do acknowledge, the
independence of the insurrectionary province, with -
* Out giving to the Government, claiming its aile-
tiance, any just causc of offence. They did so to
lexico during the progress of her revolutionary
war with Spain, and they did so to Texas, while
a similar relation existed between her and Mex-
ico.
But there is alirnit to this right. Such a war can-
not last forever, and two nations cannot forever be
kept in this peculiar attitude, involving delicate
questions, that may at any time disturb the peace
of the world. When Greece declared her indepen-
dence of Turkey, the Porte waged a war of many
years to reduce her to subjection. The principal
powers of Europe, believing that a reasonable op-
portunity had been afforded to the Turkish Gov-
ernment to reestablish its supremacy, and in which
effort it had failed, determined, that an end should
be put to the operations. They therefore inter-
fered, and announced to the Sultan, that the time
liad come when Greece must be independent. And
this declaration was maintained by force, and at
Navarino, to use a vilified, but very proper ex-
pression, they conquered a peace. This is per-
haps a strong case, for this ihterference took place
^ flagrante bello, while a Turkish army was yet en-
gaged in operations to put down the spirit of
freedom in Greece. As a general principle, it
may be asumed, that while both parties are wa-
ging open war, to assert their superiority, other
nations should look on and peacefully bide the
issue. But when the contest is actually aban-
doned, and the invading party withdraws from the
disputed territory, and relinquishes all military
operations, the struggle is over. Independence is
established, and whatever may be the nominal re-
lations of the two countries, they are henceforth
in the same attitude—equal powers among the na-
tions of the earth. The war is in effect over, and
its rights should pass away with itself. This is
the true view of the subject; and applying these
principles to the then existing relations, between
Mexico and Texas, we shall find that the latter
power was as free from Mexico, as we are from
England. No effort had been made by the Mexi-
can Government for ten years to reduce her re-
volted province to subjection. Not a hostile foot
had trodden the Texan soil. A chief magistrate,
and at the same time, commander-in-chief, cap-
tured; an army destroyed; and all invaders repelled,
were the fruits of her last exertion. They crown-
■ ed at once her patriotism, and sealed her fate.
She was thenceforth independent. And 110 more
decisive evidence of this result can be furnished,
than the very conduct of Mexico herself. What
did she do, probably under other promptings,"
when it was ascertained, that Texas desired admis-
sion into our Confederacy? She offered to ac-
knowledge her independence, if she would pledge
herself not to join the American Union. A jea-
lous and an unworthy proposal, which the one had
no right to make, and which the other indignantly
rejected. A proposal, which was, in fact, the very
recognition offered. It acknowledged the strength
of Texas, and the weakness of Mexico, and that
further efforts at subjugation were hopeless. For
myself, I have always considered that act of the
Mexican Government, as an abandonment of the
controversy, and an admission, that Texas was in-
dependent of her, and beyond her power.
But as reasonable men, looking at things as they
are, what injury have we inflicted upon Mexico,
under any just view, that can be taken of her rela-
tions with Texas? What has she lost by our in-
terference? Her own claim may be summed up in
this, that she had a contingent right to reduceTexas
to submission. And what was that right worth ?
Where is the man in Texas, in Mexico, even in
Christendom, who believes there was a bare pos-
sibility, that the Texan people could ever be re-
placed in their primitive condition by the power
of the Mexican Government? The thing was im-
possible. Its time had gone by. Events had
rolled over and crushed all hopes of recovery. Of
what, then, does Mexico complain? Certainly of
no pecuniary injury, for none has been inflicted.
If annexation has had any effect, in this point of
view, that effect has been beneficial; for it has
saved to the Mexican people an immense and use-
less expenditure of blood and treasure. Is there
any point of honor involved ? I can discern none.
For the principal fact that Mexico was powerless,
was felt and acknowledged by all the world. ^ I
know what may be said upon this subject, sir.
Rights may be pushed to their extremes; princi-
ples to their utmost bearing And as Mexico had
an absolute rig^ht, we should have left it to her. I
do not deal with such questions, nor with their
consequences. I take the public affairs of this
world, as they are, judging them by the rules of
common sense, and pronouncing them just or un-
just, as they come up to, or recede from, that uni-
versal standard.
But, sir, there is one consideration, which ren-
ders it proper we should still keep in view the
previous wrongs, which Mexico had inflicted upon
us. Her conduct, in the long progress of these
outrages, had established her character. Redress
was impossible. Thirty years were, with her, as
one day, and one day as thirty years; for, at the
end of that period, we were about where we be-
gan, so far as respects satisfaction, while our causes
of complaint ha<J gone on accumulating, almost in
an inverse proportion, to the lapse of time. We
had found, by experience, there could be no ami-
cable and satisfactory adjustment of our difficulties
with Mexico. We had learned—and learned to
our sorrow—that what we got we had to take with
the strong hand. What greater probability was
there, that we should adjust the question of unset-
tled boundaries, after her hostile and peremptory
declaration, than that we should adjust our causes
of complaint, many of which she admitted, and
scarcely any of which she denied? We claim
Texas to the Rio Grande. I will not stop to ex-
amine the grounds of that claim. This has been
explained and defended by others, more competent
to the task than I am. In this Semite the strong-
est position I have heard taken in opposition to the
extent of this claim, is, that much may be said on
both sides. Well, then, we had a reasonable
claim. I say, an undoubted one, and we took the
assertion of it into our own hands. And, the jere-
miads of the London journals to the contrary not-
withstanding, I do not believe there is a govern-
ment in Christendom, if it felt itself able, which,
under similar circumstances, would not have done
as we did. The past had marked out the future.
The indication was unerring. And we judged for
ourselves, and acted for ourselves, as we had a
right to do, after Mexico, for the third part of a
century, had shown a dogged determination to
refuse us justice.
But, sir, had we taken the initiative, and com-
menced war immediately, we should have been
justified from other considerations. When the act
for annexation passed, the Mexican Minister in
this country immediately protested against that
measure; and, ill fact, declared it to be just cause
of war. And this view was more authoritatively
announced by the supreme Government of Mexi-
co, March 12, 1846, which declared, in a note to
Mr. Shdell, that it looked " upon annexation as a
' casus belli; and as a consequence of this declara-
' tion, negotiation was by its very nature at an end,
' and war was the only recourse of the Mexican
' Government." But before this last and decisive
act, the Government of Mexico had given many
indications of its determination to resist, by force,
the annexation of Tex| s; and particuluily tho.se
announced in thecommunications from our Consul,
and from our Minister in Mexico, and in the letter
of the Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs of De-
cember 20,1845. In this last document, that func-
tionary says that " the questions which have dis-
' turbed the harmony between the two countries,
' will bring on a war between them, unless such
' settlement be effected in a satisfactory manner,'
&c. What settlement the Mexican Government
demanded, and for want of which it is said a casus
belli had occurred, was a change in our relations
with Texas; leaving to Mexico the assertion of
her assumed rights over it. In short, sir, from the
first moment it appeared probable, that Texas would
be admitted into our Confederacy, to our latest
diplomatic communication with her Government,
Mexico has told us and the world, that annexation
would be, and is war; and she went on preparing
to add deeds to declarations, by the concentration
of her forces, so as to be ready to take the " initia-
tive" in hostilities against us, to borrow the ex-
pression of General Paredes in his orders to the
Mexican commanding general. I need not reca-
pitulate the series of facts, which announced and con-
firmed her purposes. They have passed into history,
and are known to us all. The Texas of Mexico was
Texas to the Sabine, with no intermediate boundary,
to which we might go with impunity, and make the
country our own. That river was a Rubicon, and
it became us to pause and ponder on its banks,before
we crossed its stream, and carried our standard to
the country beyond. In all the communications,
of the Mexican Government, no distinction is made
between the Nueces arid the Rio Grande. And the
occupation, by our forces, of the country between
these rivers, which took place in August, 1845,
was never presented as an exclusive cause of com-
plaint, nor, indeed, noticed ill any manner what-
ever. It was the annexation and occupation of
Texas, and not of any particular portion of Texas,
which led to the reclamations, and finally to the
hostilities of Mexico. It was a question of title,
and not of boundary. A claim of right, which went
for the whole, and would never be satisfied with
the relinquishment of apart. And, sir, the warn-
ing and threatenings of Mexico were no vain boast-
ings. She said what she would do, and she did as
she said. At the commencement of April, 1846, and
before it could have been known in Mexico, that
General Taylor had advanced to the Rio Grande,
the President of that republic directed its general
upon the frontier to " attack" our army " by every
means, which war permits." It was not till after
this, and in fact till after our occupation of the
country west of the Nueces, for upwards of eight
months, without a single allusion to that river, that,
it first makes its appearance in a Mexican com-"
munication. And it is then found in a letter from
Ampudia to General Taylor, who is required to
break up his camp witlnn twenty-four hours, and
to withdraw to the eastern side of the Nueces.
Such a demand, under such circumstances, admit-
ted but one answer, and it got it, and that answer
was No. And General Taylor was as speedy as
he was brief; for the same day gave birth to the de-
mand, and to the refusal. It surely cannut be neces-
sary to enter into the decisive considerations, going
to show that such a retrograde movement was then
impossible. We had taken up a position peace-
ably within our own territory, as we claimed it,
and with no intimation from our opponent, that that
position was any more an infraction of his rights,
than would have been the occupation of the west-
ern bank of the Sabine. I repeat, that during eight
months, we had been west of the Nueces, without
one word of complaint for having passed that river.
Now, sir, let us do justice to ourselves. It is
possible, with the best motives, to possess so
much general philanthropy, as to overlook our own
rights, while we regard the rights of others. It is
quite possible, that the divisions of opinion in our
country, and the views of this controversy, whichi
have accompanied its discussion, may have fur-
nished to the Mexican Government a motive for
requiring our army to retire to the east of the Nu-
eces. For certain it is, that this limit is an Ameri-
can and not a Mexican suggestion. BuUiowever
this may have been, it came too late. To with-
draw, when required to do so by the Mexican
general, accompanied with the threat of immediate
hostilities, should the proposition be declined, and
fixing the period of twenty-four hours as the term
