196
APPENDIX TO* THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 2%
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
wanted whtett procured, was finally found useful
and actually insufficient.
Burt, sir, there were other difficulties beyond
these, which presented themselves to the Govern-
ment. We were comparatively ignorant of the
true stateof the country we were about to enter.
We had almost no knowledge of its interior, its
roads, its*passes, its natural or artificial supplies of
water, its-means of transportation and subsistence,
the condition of- its fortresses, and of many other
important facts, topographical and statistical, con- I
nected with the movements of an invading army, i
Where we should first strike, and how we should j
do it, were difficult and delicate subjects of inquiry, i
There is, in every country, a line of operations, |
along which a hostile amy may most easily move, !
and where Jts movements will produce the greatest '
effect upon the people, who are invaded, and upon
their Government. It may be, that a strong for-
tress should be the object of attack; or Uncommer-
cial metropolis, the principal place of trade and
population; or the political capital, the seat ofGov-
eminent, and' the central point of influence and
authority. Now, in Europe, all these facts are
well known. Contiguity of position, continued
intercommunication, and ever-renewing wars, have
re-vealed the internal condition of the countries in
that quarter of the globe. Each knows its strong
and weak points, and these are equally known to
other Powers. Extensive topographical bureaus
make part of the military organization of all the
larger States of Europe. No reasonable expense
is spared to collect and deposite in them all the
information which future exigencies may render
necessary. Lines of communication, the direction
and condition of roads, the crossing of streams, the
passage of mountains, the state of the fortresses,
whether isolated or making part of the defences of
a city, the means of transportation, the extent of
supplies, all these objects, so e&sontial to an army
in the progress of its operations, are examined and
studiea; and the result is rea/ly, whenever the time
for action arrives. And, besides this, experience
has shown the most vulnerable points; where the
severest blow can he inflicted, and where the moral
effect of military disasters will be most sensibly
felt, and most likely to render a campaign decisive.
It-was information like this, spread before him,
which enabled Carnot, in his- cabinet at Paris, to
mark out, with almost mathematical precision, the
operations of the French armies, and to direct
plans of invasion, m which the genius of the great
generals of that day, in combination and execution,
was brought into admirable cooperation with the
genius of the minister, who had matured and pre-
scribed them.
There was a lamentable deficiency in our coun-
try of all this kind of knowledge, respecting the
condition of Mexico, at the time she attacked our
forces upon the Rio Grande; and the Government
was suddenly callcd upon to direct the operations
of a campaign in a region, which was almost a terra
incognita.
So much for the difficulties. Now for the re-
sults. Let me remark, in the first instance, sir,
that not a movement, as I understand, relating to
operations on the northeast frontier of Mexico has
been directed from the seat of Government, which
has not met the approbation of the distinguished
officer-, who has connected his own name with the
history of his country by his victories in the valley
of th& Rio Grande. So much is due to himself
and the Administration. His own movements he
was free to direct and control. Immediately after
the declaration of war, he was requested to com-
municate to the Government his views as to what
should be the future operations on the Rio Grande,
and the movement, he proposed to make before the
rainy season.
I have applied to the War Department for in-
formation upon this subject; and have been per-
mitted to look at that part of the correspondence
with General Taylor, which relates to past events,
and has thus become matter of history. J will
state its bearing upon the last campaign.
In a letter from the War Department of June 8,
1846, to General Taylor, the Secretary of War,
after informing him of the proposed augmentation
of his force, and making some judicious sugges-
tions, remarks that, " in taking positions, I need
* scarcely observe, that the means of getting sup-
4 plies, transporting; munitions of war, as well as
4 the ability to keep open .the channels, by which
4 these supplies and munitions are to be furnished,
* are points to be well considered,"&c. "The
4 President is desirous of receiving your views and
4 suggestions, in relation to the fall campaign. His
4 determination is to have the war prosecuted with
4 vigor, and to embrace in the objects to be com-
1 passed in that campaign, such as will dispose the
4 enemy to desire an end of the war. Shall the
4 campaign be conducted with a view of striking
4 at the city of Mexico, or confined, so far as re-
4 gards the forces under your immediate command,
4 to the northern provinces of Mexico? Yourviews
4 on this point will doubtless have an important
4 influence on the determination of the Government
4 here. Should an army penetrate far into the in-
4 terior of Mexico, how are supplies to be obtained?
4 Can they be, to any considerable extent, drawn
4 from the enemy's country, or must they be ob-
4 tained from the United States? These are very
4 important questions, and the answers to them
4 will have an important bearing in settling the plan
4 and objects of the campaign," &c.
44 It is important to know your opinion of the
* description of troops best adapted to operations
4 in the interior of Mexico; what portion should
4 be infantry, artillery, cavalry, &c. A peace must
4 be conquered in the shortest space of time prae-
4 ticable; youi; views of the manner of doing it
1 are requested. It is not doubted, that you will
4 push your advantages to the utmost extent it can
4 done, with the means at your command."
General Taylor, in answer, stated very clearly
the nature of the operations, which should take
place, and the difficulties attending them, resulting
principally from deficient means of transportation,
and from a want of breadstuff's. Considering the
distance from Camargo to Mexico, and the nature
of the country, and its want of resources, he look-
ed upon that line of operations as.an impracticable
one. He was therefore of opinion, that opera-
tions upon that frontier should be confined to cut-
ting off the northern provinces, and, in that point
of view, he thought the expedition to Chihuahua
of great importance. He says he has abstained
from any reference to movements against Tampico,
or Vera Cruz, because the yellow fever would not
have permitted us to hold either, and he deemed it
best to undertake no movement in that direction, at
that season of the year. He proposed the taking
of Tampico when the season should favor, which
would not be until November or December. So
far as I have been permitted to see the correspond-
ence, f find nothing which controls the discretion
of General Taylor. Views are indicated and sug-
gestions made, and very properly made. But he
is left to act as his own judgment dictates, in the
operations intrusted to him. And it is but an act
of justice, sir, to say, that the instructions of the
War Department are prepared with ability and
a wise forecast, creditable to the officer at the head
of it. They will bear the test of the severest scru-
tiny.
Three columns, then, sir, moved upon Mexico.
One, under General Taylor, invading its north-
eastern frontier. Another, under General Wool,
striking at the provinces higher up the Rio Grande,
and in communication with the preceding column,
and subject to the order of General Taylor. And
a third, entered New Mexico and took possession
of its capita], Santa Fe. It thence moved on,
through California to the Pacific, where it has no
doubt arrived ere this time, and where it will
eventually put itself in communication with the
regiment sent hy sea from New York; when the
whole force will unite and occupy the commanding
points of the country. Our flag now waves upon
the shores of the Pacific as well as upon those of
the Atlantic; and from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Gulf of California, a distance following the bounda-
ry of our possessions of almost two thousand miles,
we have overrun and occupied the enemy's ter-
ritory. I have caused an estimate—rather a vague
one, indeed—to be made of the extent of country
belonging to Mexico which we hold, and I am in-
formed it exceeds six hundred thousand square
miles, while the portion yet subject to the Mex-
ican Government contains but about four hundred
thousand square miles. And the population of the
region possessed by us amounts to at least one
million of inhabitants.. In the mean time, three
splendid victories have been gained, and, the Mex-
ican coast blockaded and almost hermetically scal-
ed. And we are yet in the ninth month of the
war. I shall not stop, sir, to speak of the results
in terms of eulogy. They need no such tribute
from me. They speak for themselves, and appeal
to the head and heart of every American, in justi-
fication of the conduct of the Government of his
country, and of the armies sent out to maintain her
honor. Looking at the distance and the difficul-
ties of the operations, to do this required energy,
ability, and promptitude; and these qualities have
been displayed, and have had their true rewards, m
the success that has crowned their exertion.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. DAYTON,
of new jersey,
In Senate, January 27 and 28, 1847.
The Bill to raise ten additional Regiments of Regu-
lars being under consideiation—
Mr. DAYTON said, that he had heard no good
reason yet assigned, why this bill should, on the
instant, become a law; and least of all could he
understand upon what principle it was, that our
political opponents were to be permitted to avail
themselves of every amendment, as an occasion
on which to justify the Administration, while we
were expected to be silent.
It seems to me, (said Mr. D.,) that the occasion
is one which makes the expression of opinion on
this side of the Chamber, upon the biH itself, as well
as upon the general subject with which it is con-
nected, eminently proper. There is no exigency
in our affairs which forbids consideration. At
least 6.000 regulars are yet to be recruited under
existing laws—a number greater than you have
recruited during the past year with your utmost
efforts. Not a man of these ten regiments, if the
bill were passed to-day, would reach Mexico be-
fore the close of this campaign. Upon what possi-
ble pretence, therefore, is it said, this bill should
pass, and pass noio ? The feeling of this side of
the Chamber was clearly indicated on the 13th of
May last, when an exigency was supposed to exist.
With a unanimity almost unparalleled, we voted
the Executive 50,000 volunteers and ten millions
j of money in an hour! Ignorant of the object or
j plan of the Executive, we are now called upon to
! increase that grant by the addition of 10,000 regu-
: lars, to be employed we know not how. As an in-
| cident to this grant, we are to inci'ease the patron-
j age of the Executive by the addition of at least six
| hundred military appointments, to be filled, if we
; may judge of the future from the past, we do know
hovj. As a part of the same system, besides our
usual revenue, we are to borrow at least twenty- .
eight millions of money, to be had we know not
where—to be expended we know not how. At the
adjournment of this Congress, a few weeks hence,
we will have invested m the hands of the Execu-
tive the control, for an indefinite time, of 77,000
troops and an amount of money, estimated by the
Secretary, as sufficient to carry the Government to
the 30th of .Tune, 1848—the close of the next finan-
cial year. We will have legislated away the en-
tire powers of the next Congress at its first ssssion;
we will have placed this Executive above ard be-
yond its reach. That Congress will be here on the
first Monday in December next, fiesh from the peo-
ple, of a different political complexion, perhaps,
from the present, in one of its branches, with new
views and new feelings on this all-absorbing ques-
tion; and yet it will he powerless; we will have
exhausted, in advance, all its effective powers of
legislation. This, sir, is all asked, not of political
friends only, but of political opponents, by the
present Administration. Ay, sir, and it is asked
with the significant intimation, that he who shall
question, in this matter, the conduct of the Execu-
j tive, will subject himself to the charge of moral
treason—of giving 4£ aid and comfort5' to the ene-
my \ Surely, sir, it required the full forcc of a
face official, and not a face personal, to make such
demand, accompanied with such an imputation-!
Such taunts are calculated to foster opposition to
these Executive demands; but I will not permit
myself to be driven by them from the support of
those measures which it may seem to me the inter-
ests of the country demand. At the same time, sir,
