1847.]
29th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Mexican War—Mr. Dayton.
I wish it understood, that I, at least, have no such
exuberance of patriotic fervor, as will induce me
to make an useless haste; as will shut my mouth,
while the President himself, and his friends on this
•floor, so constantly assume that he was right in
the inception, and is right in the conduct of this
war
The President, ;in his message, thought it neces-
sary to make forliimself a most labored and elabo-
rate vindication. He has spread out, not exactly
a catalogue of grievances suffered at the hands of
Mexico, but he has spoken, in general terms, of
"outrages," of "depredations," of "insults," of
"promisesof redress,*' "postponed or evaded," by
Mexico The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
availing himself of this very debate, told us he sup-
posed no gentleman, even on our side of the Cham-
ber, would hesitate to admit, that we had good
cause of war against Mexico. Sir, the President's
vindication of his conduct is, in my poor judgment,
a total failure. The putting forth, m general
terms, of these remote and distant causes of com-
plaint, is a mere juggle to distract attention—to
withdraw the public mind from the immediate and I
direct cause of the war. If the Senator from Mich-
igan means that there is, or has been, some out-
rage in our past history which, resented at the
time, might justly have led to war, I will not con-
trovert his position. I have not had the means to
examine these alleged outrages in detail. If they
consist of insults to our flag", then satisfaction for
u national, like a personal insult, should have been
enforced, not after long years of quiet negotiation,
but at once. If they consist of depredations on our
commerce, (and such, I understand, they are,) it
is enough to say, that Mexico has never denied or
scoffed at your claims. She has already paid a
part, and stipulated by treaty to liquidate and set-
tle the halance. I need not remind this Senate,
that it is not her fault that a commission is not now
sitting for the purpose of finally settling the ac-
count—of clearing the docket. She has not paid
you the full amount already stipulated I know; but
her poverty, and not her will, kent her your debtor.
The distractions of her political and financial con-
dition deprived her of the power. There was no
principle, then, at stake between her and us no
question, as in our past wars, of taxation, of trib-
ute, or of sailors' rights; the whole matter was
the non-payment of so many dollars and so many
cents. And when before has this country held this,
practically, to be just cause of war? Our com-
merce, like that of other nations, has, at one time
or another, been depredated upon by every mar-
itime power of the Old World—England, France,
Spain, Holland, Denmark, and I know not how
many more, have, for this cause, after long years
of negotiation, answered to us in damages. With
all the powers of Europe, we have been "patient in
long suffering." But now, for the first time, we
parade these things before the world as good cause
of war practically, against a weak and distracted
Republic on our own continent! Our codes of
municipal law have, to a great extent, cleared
themselves of that barbarism which authorized the
creditor to seize upon and imprison his debtor; and
yet here, in this J9th century, with all the lights of
civilization and Christianity around us, we are told,
that a nation may lightfully, for a like cause, make
war. Sir, the principle is a barbarism, and behind
the age.
Mr. President, this war had no such origin. Its
causes were near, not remote. The annexation of
Texas, and the subsequent order of the President,
placing our armies on the Rio Grande, (pointing
your guns to rake the streets of the city of Mata-
moros,) were the obvious and immediate causes of
this war. Without such annexation and orders,
it can scarcely be pretended, that the remote griev-
ances complained of could have produced war;
with, such annexation and orders, it can scarcely
be pretended, that the want of such grievances
Would have prevented it.
But, sir, suppose it be all true, how does it help
the President in his vindication ? Who gave him
the right to involve his country in war for any
cause ? How does he possess himself of that
power which the Constitution invests in Congress
alone ? Sir, the President has not gone far enough
to ma.ke good a justification, admitting that all he
says is true. 1
But we are told that there was just cause of I
Senate.
war, and that it will be prosecuted to obtain peace
and indemnity for expenses, and the pecuniary de-
mands of our citizens against Mexico. Sir, will
any gentleman on that or this side of the Chamber
tell me the effect of this very war upon the pecu-
niary demands referred to ? Does not the declara-
tion of war, of itself, cancel all treaty stipulations,
all binding obligations to pay this money ? Where
now is the argument of those gentlemen who so
stoutly resisted the payment of the claims of our
Citizens for French spoliations prior to 1800 ? The
whole groundwork of that opposition was based
on the quasi state of war between this country and
Prance, after those claims accrued. Sir, miserable
as was the condition of these claims on Mexico
prior to this war, by reason of the poverty and
distraction of that Government, I hold them ten-
fold worse now. If we cancel a treaty stipulation
by war, it would be the duty of the Government
to make good to the claimants their wrong. But
where is the man connected with this Administra-
tion who thinks of assuming the payment of these
debts, now or hereafter; unless perchance, in the
result of the war we may receive them ? Then,
perhaps, after years of delay—after the original
claimants shall have died—after speculators shall
have bought up the claims—after a long and weary
haggling about the amount due, some kind of half
payment by the Government may be agreed upon.
This, sir, if we may judge the future from the
past, is about the best we can anticipate for these
claimants; this, for them, will be the result, at best,
of the war.
But, Mr. President, my object was to speak, not
so much of the origin, as of the object and conduct
of this war.
The President, although not the war-making, is
the war-conducting power of ourGovernment.'He
asks aid for an existing war. He has the means
to prosecute it now in one way, and declares that
he will prosecute it. He seems not to think of
settling this question in reference to the original
controversy—the proper boundary of Texas. Sir,
I believe the President has made this war; made it
without right, and against right—still, he has
made it; it is upon us, and, as it seems to me, we
have no alternative but to aid in its prosecution, or
suffer our arms to be disgraced in the face of the
world. If our army were this side of the Rio
Grande, with my present knowledge, I would not
vote the President one dollar, or one man; but we
are in a position where a kind of necessity con-
trols us—a fate hurries us on blindly, we know j
not where. To withdraw our troops now would '
look like a retreat before a superior force, or a :
tacit acknowledgment, at least, that we could do j
nothing. To take up a line of extended positions I
within and across the Mexican territory, and hold !
them, would require a vast expenditure and force, '
to be continued for an indefinite time. Sir, I know I
not whether we will better ourselves by its direct
prosecution; but that is the recommendation of the
Executive—the constitutional commander-in-chief
of our armies—who is responsible for the conduct
of this war, and I %vill sustain him, at least with
all adequate supplies. But, while I do this, I shall
claim the right freely, but respectfully, to express
my opinions. What, then, has the President re-
commended? What has he done ?
The plan and conduct of the campaign consists
of three, or perhaps four parts:
1st. That which is, or was, political. ]
2d. That which is financial. !
3d and 4th. That which is naval and military, j
- 1. The political part of this campaign is among j
the things that are past. It consisted in that admira- j
Hie specimen of diplomatic tact by which the Presi- j
<lent thought to make a lodgment in the very heart
of Mexico—by which he expected to secure that 1
Government in the hands of a friend eminently de-
sirous of peaceful relations with this country. The
plan was perfected and carried out with a mo3t
consummate skill upon the part of the Executive.
Santa Ana, that man of peace! occupies the very
position designed for him by our most amiable and
astute Administration !
2. The financial part of the plan is not yet com-
pleted, and it may justly be doubted whether it
will be for some little time to come. It consists in
nothing but the demand for general and specific
appropriations. There is not a single serious effort
made to meet die war expenditure. The present
generation is to go quit, it is all left as a,to on
The special part of ;the financial plaji is here.
The President has asked for an appKOpriatioti'of two
millions last session, but three .this, for some vagae
and undefined purpose; explained, if. at all, by-a
reference to such appropriations, heretofore,made,
when we were about to negotiate wkh Ei;ance for
the purchase of Louisiana, and with Spain for the
purchase of Florida. In the first place, both Lou-
isiana and .Florida were absolutely essential to the
interests of this country. The great West could
reach the sea only through the Mississippi, and
the South onljr by the Gulf. In the next, place,
our relations with those countries were of the most
friendly character; we were in a condition for peace-
ful negotiation, a pure matter of bargain and sate. /
But here, sir, all peaceful intercourse has closed'.
We denied to Mexico an armistice of a few weeks
only; and now, while all is in hostile array, the
guns primed and pointed, the gunner blowing the
match, we say, Stop, tarry a bit; take three mil-
lions instead! Sir, we are not in a condition for a
quiet chaffer, we cannot now with.honor thus buy
our peace. I will have nothing to do with buying
up any man, or any set of men, in Mexico, either
for peace or territory.
Besides this, sir, we have not this money to
throw away; and I beg to know how long any man,
I or any set of men, could retain their power in
Mexico after making peace on such terms wjt)i this
'country? I beg to know whether, it is thought
their suceessors, in the ups and downs of that dis-
tracted country, would acknowledge for a moment
the obligations of any such treaty? Sir, this mo-
ney, if granted, would, I fear, slip through the fin-
gers of the President with about the same amount
of profit to the country that Santa Ana slipped
through his fleet. It would add just so much to
thp power of Mexico to protract the war.
3. The next part of this plan of campaign is the
naval. Something has already been done in the
Gulf by the navy proper, though its misfortunes
; have quite counterbalanced its advantages. It will
| do its duty, I doubt not, when the time comes.
| Our squadron on the Pacific has done something,
j has done much, to carry out the views of the Ex-
; ecutive, but it connects itself rather with his plan
! of military than of naval operations.
! There is one part of the President's plan recom-
; mended to Congress, connected with naval oper-
; ations, which I read with not less surprise than
j regret. I mean that part of the message which
. recommends that we   should immediately provide
by law for granting letters of marque and reprised
against vessels under the Mexican flag." This
recommendation seems to have fallen dead on Con-
gress. There was not enough of vitality in the
thing for a single motion. The press of the coun-
try, so far as I have seen, seems to have regarded
it with like indifference. And yet, can it be, that
we have so far forgotten the effects and conse-
quences of a privateer system, as to regard with in-
, difference a recommendation to adopt it at this day,
j and under these circumstances? That we have
| adopted the system before under an exigency, that
we have poioer to do so now, I do not deny. But,
whatever may be the indifference of others, I mean
to place my sense of this recommendation on re-
cord. I mean respectfully, but emphatically, to
denounce it. A brief reference to the history of
the system will best explain my views.
The modern privateer is the direct offspring of
the corsair of the middle ages. Piracy in the
earlier ages was a trade, and the robbing on the
high seas of strangers, (persons having no tie of
allegiance in common,) a legitimate act. No com-
missions were necessary to cruise against infidels.
Out of admitted piracy grew the corsair system.
Early writers on national law have chapters regu-
lating the conduct of armed corsairs, thereby re-
cognising them as having a kind of legal existence.
Still they say nothing of commissions or prize
condemnations. They were the pest of the seas,
the scourge of the commerce of the world. Let-
ters of reprisal (by that name) were first issued in
time of peace, and were limited to the restoration
of the thing taken, or damages. Next came letters
of " marque and reprisal," issued in time of war;
and the character of these rovers differed little
from their predecessors, the corsairs, save in this,
that Elizabeth of England was so harassed by
