198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 27,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
the complaints of neutrals, that "she soon after
(in 1602) required that each vessel should bear a
license or commission, and give security for its
good behavior on the seas. And with this, or soon
after, it was required that there should be a judicial
condemnation of prizes. This restraint was a long
step in advance; but, notwithstanding this, "let-
ters of marque and reprisal" continued the scourge
of the neutrajcommerceof tlieworld. .All the mari-
time, nations of Europe were struggling for the
mastery of the seas during the seventeenth century.
Privateering was a cheap mode of carrying on their
- wars, and was particularly useful to the weak
against the strong. The effects of the system were
most deplorable; it not only drove fair commerce
from the seas, but it debauched the morals of the
entire marine of the world. The appetite for plun-
der continued after the wars, which gave rise to it,
had ceased. Privateering was little else than pi-
racy legalized, and piracy legalized ended in mur-
der. Every peace in Europe but cast loose on the
seas an addition to these monsters of the deep.
Your own seas, during our early colonial history,
swarmed with these buccaneers. The very story
books of your children yet tell the tale of their
atrocities. Commercial nations generally exacted
security of the captain and owners for good be-
havior, but it amounted to nothing. It was intend-
ed principally, as T apprehend, to protect the Gov-
ernmant which granted the " letter of marque"
from liability for damages to neutrals. There was
no rule of commercial law which made this secu-
rity essential to the validity of a letter 8f marque
as against other nations. Different sums were
exacted by different nations, and sometimes by
the same nation. Holland exacted security in the
sum of #12,000; France $14,095; England §13,-
320; the United States, (by an act of 1798,1 in
$14,000.. The last three nations reduced the same
one-half, if the vessel carried less than one hun-
dred and fifty men.' Spain, by her prize ordinance
of 1779 and 1796, in the sum of $1,500 only.
Sometimes the matter was the subject of treaty,
and sometimes of statute regulation.
Efforts to restrain the system were likewise made
■by regulating the size of the vessels that might be
licensed. Some efforts were made to abolish the
system altogether. Pranklm had stipulations to
that effect incorporated into the treaty with Prussia
in 1785. Holland and Sweden made a like attempt.
France once made a decree abolishing the system,
but it was soon swept away. The spirit of com-
mercial livalry was almost fierce in its character,
and would not then brook restraint. The system
continued to exist, deplored and denounced as it
was by the wise and good of all nations.
The same language has been held towards the
system in the earlier and later days of its exist-
ence. Clarendon, in 1GG4, says of them, they are
persons
" Which no articles or obligations can restrain fiom all
the vilUny they can act, ant! arc a people, hov countenanced
soever, or thought necessary, that ilo limn; an unavoidable
scandal, and it l^ to be feared, a cur&e u|iun the ju&test war
that was ever made at sea."
Dr. Franklin deprecates and denounces the sys-
tem in the strongest terms; charactenzes it as a
remnant of the ancient piracyas " far from pro-
fitable to the nation that authorizes it;" as "that
in eU mischievous kind of gaming, mixedwith blood."
Sir, what an occasion has been suffered to pass,
unimproved, for the expression of just sentiments
on this subject. Time had elapsed since the piin-
cipal maritime nations of the world had used the
system against us, or each other. The world was,
I think, ready for a step in advance. Our position'
our extended commerce, our general system of
neutrality, the weakness, the nothingness of our
adversary on the ocean, made it prudent that we
now take the initiative in denouncing and discard-
ing this system. Would to God it could have been
so! Would to God that we could have had that
high honor! Sir, it would have made some amends
to humanity for the evils inflicted by this war.
Treasures and blood may be wasted, but one great
elevating truth added to the code of national law,
would have made amends to posterity a thousand'
fold.
But, sir, what have we seen > Instead of this, the
President has, in the first place, taken a petty ex-
ception to thevalidity of the Mexican commissions,
and then recommended that we retaliate in kind;
admitting, at the same time, the little probable us§
for them. The whole recommendation amounts
to nothing more than a hurtful recognition of the
system as one proper to be used by us on all and
every occasion.
Sir, the whole argument in the message connect-
ed with this question, is, in my judgment, (I speak
it with respect,) unworthy the Government. The
President shows that he is startled and annoyed by
this rumored issue of Mexican commissions, and
instead of denouncing the system, while he pre-
pared to meet it like a man, he says, " if you strike,
I'll take the law of you!" We'll submit it to " our
courts" whether such commissions shall protect
you from the consequences of piracy. But, sir,
if they are pirates, they are not pirates against us
only, but against the world. They are to be tried,
not in our courts only, but in the courts of the
world. And did it ever enter the head of the Presi-
dent or his cabinet that the courts of foreign na-
tions would look back of a commission, regular upon
its face, and inquire into the terms upon which the
Government issuing the commission thought proper
to grant it? Sir, " the usual preliminaries," the
absence of which is complained of in the message,
consist principally, I presume, in the want of the
security before referred to, and of the origin of which
1 gave some account with a view to this part of my
argument. That, as before said, (though the bond
may be prosecuted for the benefit of the party in-
jured,) is primarily a question between the privateer
and his Government; no want of such prelimi-
naries could invalidate the commission as against
the world. The Barbary Powers, while forcing
tribute from the commerce of all nations, and en-
slaving their prisoners, were not held piratical.
Their roveis sailed under the authority of a known
flag, and though wanting in all the preliminaries,
and all the conduct of civilized nations, the Gov-
ernment, and not the subject, was held to answer
for their outrages.
But the President takes to himself and adminis-
ters to us some little consolation. He says, he
apprehends no serious danger from these priva-
teers, because our blockading squadron will be on
the alert to prevent any prizes being taken into
Mexican ports, and he apprehends that no " nation
will violate its neutrality by suffering such prizes
to be condemned and sold within its jurisdiction."
Sir, I have no wish to disturb the equanimity of
the President; with him, I think, there is not much
danger; and yet to illustrate the value of the argu-
ment only, 1 beg to ask whether an important
phasis of this question has not been overlooked?
What prevents a Mexican privateer (if there shall
ever be one) sending a prize into a neutral port, and
while it is lying there having it condemned in a
prize court of Mexico ? In the absence of treaty
stipulations, this is no breach of neutrality, but is
a well-settled principle of admiralty law, recogni-
sed both in England and in this country. The
principle and the cases will be found in 1st Kent's
Commentaries, 104.
But this, sir, is a small matter; it is the system
I complain of as recommended without a corre-
spondingexigency. I know wehave used it in times
past; that great names have sanctioned the issue of
commissions, while they deplored it; but are we to
go on with a vicious principle forever? We have
witnessed vast improvements both in our munici-
pal and national codes. The rules of civilized war-
fare now protect private property on land from all
depredation of even a regularly appointed army.
The merchant's cargo ashore <s safe; afloat, it is
liable to seiztue and confiscation. His store-house
is unharmed, while his store-ship is taken or de-
stroyed. He travels one kind of highway in safety,
while he is plundered on another. The jealous
rivalry of commerce, not content with producing
this, actually increases the hazards of the sea vast-
ly, by adding to the ordinary dangers of war the
dangers of privateering. Ifany difference be allow-
ed in the hazards of property on land-and sea, it
should be in favor of, ana not against, the latter.
Commerce is the medium of intercourse between
nations—the humanizing agent of mankind, melt-
ing creeds and nations into one.
Yet, the principle of privateering would not be
tolerated on land for a moment. A trained band,
licensed to plunder private property for profit! it
would shock the moral sense of mankind—" Mili-
tare non est delictum, sed propter praidum mili-
tare, peccatum est." Yet this principle is the soul
of privateering. It is this that the President, at a
time of no exigency, recommends that we adopt.
Sir, I more than distrust the wisdom of his coun-
sels. That emergencies may arise (unless some
restraint be laid by treaty or otherwise) when the
nation may be driven, to it, I do not deny; but this
was no such emergency, and the principle of the
system I denounce as behind the age in which we
live.
With an apology forconsuming so much time on
a recommendation on which it seems Congress has
not attempted to act, I proceed to the last and more
interesting branch of this discussion. This relates
to that part of the campaign which is military.
4. I have no idea that Congress shall convert
itself into an Aulic Council, and issue in detail its
orders to the army. The President is the consti-
tutional commander-in-chief, and the war-conduct-
ing power. He, the Executive, is responsible for
the plan and object of the campaign. The Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in his expose of the
reasons which induced the President to recommend
the creation of the office of lieutenant-general,
which he was to Jill, tells us, that the President
could not command in person, and that "he could
notsend ordersfrom thecloset in this city; that that
was a folly of which there had been no example
since the time when the Prince Eugene (of Savoy)
was accustomed to return unopened, at the end of
the campaigns, all the orders which the Aulic
Council was accustomed to send him from Vien-
na." Sir, Chatham has lived since Eugene of Sa-
voy commanded. He was not only a man, but he
was the man, of the next generation. I need not
remind the Senate that his closet-orders, clear and
peremptory, ruled the armies of England in the
heart of Europe, in the Canadas, in both the In-
dies; that, in a word, they compassed the earth in
their extent, and ruled it by their power. But I
admit, sir, that we have as little right to expect a
Chatham m council as we had to anticipate an Eu-
gene of Savoy in the field !
I do not ask that the President be held answer-
able for the drill or manreuvre of the army. But
I do ask that he be held answerable, as commander-
in-chief of our armies, for the general plan and ob-
ject of the campaign; and for these, no man, I
think, can deny his responsibility. These can be
prepared as well here as elsewhere. The Senator
from Missouri has given evidence of this. He has
held up before the Senate those mystical sheets
which contained what he tells us is yet in reserve
for the world to see! He has shadowed forth the
outline of his proposed plan of campaign. Bold
and original, I doubt not. I think I have it now
before my mind's eye; columns concentrated; all
heavy or wagon transportation dispensed with; as
a substitute, the back of the mule and the shoul-
ders of the soldier; and thus, a push direct at the
seat of Mexican power! I trust, sir, he has avoid-
ed the example of Cortes, who, on a like occasion,
if I remember right, burned his ships behind him !
Sir, the mist which the Senator has thrown over
this plan of campaign serves a double purpose. It
tends, in moral as in natural objects, to give an in-
creased grandeur to tile outline, while it serves the
still more useful purpose of keeping out of view
the defects and difficulties, perhaps impossibilities,
11 which may attend its execution. But, whatever
jj it be, it was prepared here, and surely the Execu-
j tive has at least equal means, and greater, of here
!] maturing its plans of campaign.
j I would have preferred to avoid any remarks
j-j upon this plan of campaign, because it seems, in
|j some shape, personal to the Senator from Missouri;
j J but he appears, if not to have courted examina-
|j tion, at least to have thrown his plan in its way.
; After concluding his vague outline or plan of cam-
" paign, (which he says the President had accepted,)
j' he adds, " it now devolves upon those who have
'I frustrated the plan of the President, to present him
ji a better." That may be difficult, as we did not
! know, and do not now know, and the Senator
j says shall not know, what the plan of campaign •
I is. That he " does not belong to the school which
I makes publication of plans of campaigns—even
I rejected plans—in time of war." The Senator, in
i accounting for the selection of a person, other than
the generals now in command of the army, to carry
out his campaign, says, " it is a maxim of funda-
mental observance in war, that no general is to be
required to execute a plan which he disapproves."
