APPENDIX'TO -HE 5O0MG^|}SSIONAL ©LOBE.
[Dec. 2%
29th Gong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Reps.
Again, on the 8th of June, Secretary Bancroft
■writes to Commodore Sloat—
" ^California separates herself from our enemy, the Cen-
tral Mexican Government, aiid.estabjishes a Government of
Its own, under the auspices of the Ameriean flag, you will
take such measure's as will best promote the attachment of
the people of California to the United States; will advance
their' prosperity: and will make that vast region a desirable
place of residence for emigrants from our soil." *
A desirable place of residence for our citizens in
a foreign country!
Again, oathe 12th July following,,the Secretary
.writes:
" The object ,•of the United States has referenee to ulti-
mate peace with Mexico; and it at that peace the basis of
the uti possidetis shall be established, the Government ex-
pects, through your forces, to be found in actual possession
of Upper California."
in the same letter4 after other instructions, it is
added:
" But this is not to interfere with the permanent occupation
of Upper ©alifornia."
Again, on 13th August, he writes to the officer
Jn command of the naval forces in the Pacific—
u To take, if not already done, immediate possession of
Upper Cajhfornisi, and especially of the three ports, &c., so
that, if the treaty of peace shall be made on the basis of the
*uti/possidetis, it may leave'Oalifornia to the United States."
On the 5th of November, Secretary 'Mason
writes to Commodore Stockton:
(t You will, therefore, tmder no circumstances voluntarily
lower the flag of the United States, or relinquish the actual
possession of California.'5
Of other points of Mexican territory, he could
maintain possession or withdraw, as he judged fit.
I give a few extracts only, but the entire corre-
spondence is in the same spirit. No man can read
it without the clearest conviction that California
and its ports at. least were to be obtained, through
a peace, by virtue of the admission of the princi-
ple uti possidetis. A correspondence somewhat
analogous, though not quite so decided, passed as
to 'New Mexico.
"Well, sir, these orders were given to military
and naval officers—men not accustomed to split
hairs on questions of law, but to obey orders.
They did so; they seized the entire countries. On
the 17th August, 1846, Commodore Stockton an-
nounces, by proclamation, to the people of Califor-
nia, that " the territory of California now belongs
to the United States," &c. On the 28th of the
same month, he writes to Secretary Bancroft—
" This rich arid beautiful country belongs to the United
States, and is forever free from Mexican dominion."
He then, as commander-in-chief and governor,
organized his government, and appointed its offi-
cers. This was pretty fairly and fully carrying
out the spirit, if not the letter, of his instructions.
General Kearny made the same claims as to
New Mexico, and went, it seems, still further. He
had the fortune or misfortune to have, I suppose,
some legal gentlemen among his volunteers. With
the help of Colonel Doniphan and Private Willard
P. Hall, of the first regiment of Missouri mounted
"volunteers, he made " an organic law of the terri-
tory "of New Mexico," ordained and established, he
says, " by the Government of the United States
of America;" and jn addition, he enacts a regular
u statute book." He commenced his legislation
(true to the glorious memories of the past) by the
abolition of stamped paper in New Mexico. He
proceeds afterwards, in alphabetical order, and
goes regularly through the titles, from " adminis-
trations" down to " ivitnessesnot forgetting, by
the way, a regular u practice act," and very full
(t fee bill." The last, containing the amount of
charge for every item of professional service,
ranging from three cents up to twenty dollars.
This organic law and extensive systprn of legisla-
tion seem to have been rather too much for the
modesty of Mr. Polk ! In his answer to the call
of the other House, he tells them, with an official
naivete somewhat amusing—
<;That(/" any excess of power had been exercised, the
departure lia  been the offspring of a pati mtic desire to give
to the inhabitants the pnvileges, &.C., so diprished by the
geople of our own country."
Mr. President, why was it that all this matter of
the civil government of these countries was left to
the large discretion of military officers? It was
not forgotten, or overlooked; it was intentional.
Instructions as to other contingent matters were
full, but this important subject was left to these
officers, they being first possessed of the general
intent of the Government towards permanent ac-
quisition. The Government was thus in condition
to avow or disavow the act of the officer; it could
,avail -itself of the advantage, while it disavowed
the wrong. But, sir, aside from the documents,
for what other object than permanent acquisition
were our armies marched into those distant coun-
tries? They are no posts of command; you cut
off no supplies; you stop no trade. For what, then,
are you there? For nothing—no,nothingbutacqui-
sition, past and to come. It is for this your country
is exhausting its treasures and spending its blood.
Your campaign was never formed with peace for
its primary object; your Executive seeks peace,
but it is peace only upon the basis, uti possidetis.
Had peace been the end, and not the means, your
armies would have been stationed on the boundary
you meant to contend for, or your blow would
have been direct at the heart of Mexico.
Mr. President, I affect no knowledge of military
matters; but while lam willing, in connexion with
others, to aid the Executive with the means, we
have a right to demand plans of campaign which,
when accomplished, wiil have results. Our soldiers
have crossed the desert, have braved death by
disease and battle, have won every field, stormed
every height, and yet " cuibono? cxii bono?" Sir,
you want a lieutenant general in the Cabinet, and
not in the field! You want plans of campaign
which, when accomplished, will return you some-
thing more than barren honors and coffined bones.
If your plans be prudent, distrust not the men of
Palo Alto, of Resaca de la Palma, of Monterey.
Give them but the means. Say to them when,
where! And whether it be the passes of the Sierra
del Madre, " the lofty summit of the Cordilleras,"
or the plain of Mexico, they will attain for them-
selves a soldier's triumph or a soldier's bed, with-
out the help of any new and unknown guide.
Mr. BENTON (next morning) said, that he de-
sired to correct a misapprehension of the Senator
from New Jersey, as to the military meaning of
the word " contribution." That in no sense did it
signify plunder, but payment, in money or sub-
sistence, &c. That so far from originating with
Napoleon, he read an extiact from Yattel, showing
it then and before to have been the practice of re-
fined nations. He quoted, too, from Johnson's
Dictionary, (edition of 1755,) and from Shak-
speare, for the meaning of the word. He, like-
wise, justified the exaction of " duties," whilein
possession of an enemy's seaports; and he in-
stanced the case of Great Britain having done so
while in possession of Castine, a port in Maine,
during the late war.
Mr. DAYTON: I said nothing about the right
of a nation to avail itself of the temporary posses-
sion of the ports of an enemy's country, to levy
and appropriate the 4'duties," or customs. Those
duties are public property; they belong to the Gov-
ernment against which you are at war, and-1 doubt
not may rightfully be appropriated by you while
in possession of your enemy's port. But can it
be a question, whether the entire trade being shut
out from the port of the enemy by a blockade,
does not do more to coerce the country invaded,
than the opening of that trade for the sake of ap-
propriating the duties. In the one case you deprive
Mexico of the benefit of both her trade and her
duties, in the other of her duties only. Which is
the more stringent plan of campaign ? But, sir, al-
though I did not object to your right to take the
public duties, I did object to the system of "contri-
bulionsS9 referred to by the Senator.
I objected to it as a system which belonged
purely to an age gone by; as a modification of the
ancient system of military plunder. The Senator
has read his doctrines from Yattel, and kindly in-
forms us that he died before Napoleon lived. Sir,
we are thankful for the information ! But the Sena-
tor misunderstood me, if he supposed me to say
that "contribution" originated with Napoleon; on
the contrary, his campaigns, I contended, were
exceptions to the general system of modern war-
fare; that among Christian nations, in our day, it
was usual to protect all persons who were engaged
in peaceful life from every kind of injury and ex-
action. Great Britain collected the public "duties"
in the port of Castine; but did she not exact "con-
tributions" from its citizens for the pay and sub-
sistence of her soldiers stationed there ? "Where is
there such an instance in our day and country ?
Yet, if the principle of " contribution" be correct,
there is not an important city (to say nothing of
the country) on our seacoast, from Maine to Flori-
da, which, during the Revolution, or the late war,
would not have been subjected to its operation.
All have been in poss'es.sion of the enemy. The
Senator cites Yattel for the principle, and John-
son's Dictionary for the meaning of the word; that,
sir, is going nearly one hundred years back. He
supports himself by a quotation from Shakspeare;
that is going nearly two hundred years Dock!
j And had he but gone a century further, he would
have found his doctrine in its pure and original
state—military rapine and plunder. The question
is not what was the usage one hundred or two
hundred years ago, but now. It is easy to speak
of " contributions," as payments in money or kind,
collected under proper authority, but suppose the
inhabitants do not choose to pay, what then ? Sir,
it ends in open plunder at the least. The demand
for " contribution" was always made under that
penalty; that, and that only, is the support of the
system.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. I. E. MORSE,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
December 22, 1846.
The Resolution to refer the President's Message to
the appropriate standing committees being under
consideration in Committee of the Whole—
Mr. MORSE addressed the Committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: Although I had intended to
address the committee on the subject of the Mexi-
can war at a later period of the debate, I was per-
fectly willing to waive all intention of so doing; and
was more than happy that the resolution of the
honorable member from Kentucky, [Mr. Garrett
Davis,] calling upon the Executive for informa-
tion, was permitted to pass without a division.
I had hoped that the gentlemen in the Opposition
would have recognised the propriety of such a
course, and have been willing to wait for the infor-
mation sought for; but on the usual motion to re-
fer the message of the President to the appropriate
committees, the attack upon the Executive and his
friends upon this floor has been renewed, in a tone
and temper, if possible, more exceptionable than
the manner of its inception.
Could I look upon this debate simply as a polit-
ical partisan, I should rejoice exceedingly at the
| course it has alieady taken. The lavish use of
i such expiesssions as gentlemen have permitted
! themselves, (which pardon me the repetition,) as
applied to the President and his political friends
here, is in itself their best antidote, and maymdai*
the American people to doubt whether it were pos-
sible they could emanate from members self-con-
stituting "all the decency party."
But as the fame of our statesmen, even those of
|i political opponents, and the desire that our country
i; should stand bright before the world, are stronger
than the gratification to be derived from any party
triumph, I regret most deeply that any member of
this House should forget what is due—if not to the
man—if not to the Chief Magistrate of our country
■—at least to this body, and their own dignity and
self-respect; and I indulge the hope that the "sober
second thought" will prevent their soiling the print-
ed page with such epithets.
But whatever may be the manner of the warfare,
whether with manly weapons or with poisoned ar-
rows, it seems a relentless war—a war to the knife
—is to be waged against this Administration.
If some of our opponents seem disposed to be
merciful and forbearing to our enemies, and jealous
of their rights, no quarter is to be shown to the
supporters of this war, although, with but few ex-
ceptions, they contributed with their votes tn bring
it on. "A change has come over the spirit of their
dream" since May last.
Although I disclaim being a flatterer, or devo-
ted partisan of the President, I will say upon the
question of this Mexican war, before the civilized
world and the American nation, the Administration
