£04
AWENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29txi Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican fflar-r-Mr.. Harper.
Ho. of Reps.
SP;thsUnit;ed States were under consideration in the
jSenaAe", another distinguished Democratic Senator
.[the honorable Mr. Ashley] offered certain reso-
lutions on that subject, one of which was: " That
' the United-States'be authorized to adjust and set-
* ^le all questions of boundary which may arise
* with other (xovernments;"and stated in hisspeeeh
-on that occasion as follows: ** 1
** And here I will add, thatthepresentboundari.es of Texas
I have from Judge JEllis, the president of the convention that
"framed the constitution of Teyas, ajid also a member of the
first Legislature under that constitution, were fixed as they
nob are solely and -professedly with a view of having large mar-
gin in the negotiation with Mexico, and not in the expectation
of retaining, them as tjiey now exist on their statute-book."
Now, sir, it appears to me that the fact is estab-
lished incontrovertibly, even by the limited view
here taken, that the boundary between Mexico and
Texas was a disputed one; that Mexico was in
Eossession of the territory in controversy; the in-
abitants there subject to her laws, and no other.
If so, I leave the resolution of Mr. Benton to an-
swer the question, who commenced the war in
which the country is no.w involved, and who should
be held answerable at the bar of public opinion for
the blood that has been and may yet be shed, and
the millions that have and must yet be expended—
Mexicoxor the Presidentof the "unitedStates? Sir,
Mr. Benton done no .more, in the resolution he
offered, than adopt the well-known doctrine of the
law of nations, and that is, in a controversy with
regard to boundary or territorial rights, the nation
who enters the territory of the one in possession
in a belligerant manner, has made war upon her.
The President, in his message to the present
Congress, exhibited a long catalogue of grievances
inflicted by Mexico upon this country, which has
been not inaptly compared to the personal expla-
nations which sometimes are made in this House
when a member has been misunderstood or mis-
represented. I will only notice one of the series.
It is well known, that notwithstanding the annex-
ation of Texas, which Mexico considered an act
of war, and after her minister had left the country,
and the peaceful relations of the two countries were
for the time suspended, yet Mexico was willing to
receive a commissioner to settle the important
-question of boundary which, by the resolutions
annexing Texas, was left open for future nego-
tiation; but the Administration sent Mr. Slidell as
envoy extraordinary to that Government, not for
the purpose of settling the question of boundary
only, but all matters in controversy between the
two countries; and the fact Unit Mexico refused to
receive him in that character, is urged as one of
the causes which induced the President to make
war on Mexico, notwithstanding the letter of Mr.
Shdell, announcing to the State Department the
refusal of Mexico to receive him, dated December,
1845, was received, on the 23d day of January,
1846, just ten days after General Taylor had been^
ordered to march to the RioGrande,and thePresi-'
dent says that, in consequence of this, he ordered
General Taylor to march to that place. Comment
is unnecessary.
But admit, for the sake of the argument, that
all that has been urged against Mexico was true;
that we had good cause of war: why, I ask, was
not that question referred to the Congress of the •
United States—to the Representatives of the peo-
ple, on whom alone the Constitution confers the
power of declaring war? The answer is—and the
President knows it well—that long after the occur-
rence of most of the grievances complained of,
they had been settled by treaty; and that the only
causes of complaint on our part were the non-pay-
ment of two or three millions of dollars, and the
unsettled condition of the boundary between Mex-
ico and Texas, and that for these reasons it was
idle to ask Congress to make war on Mexico.
/Mr. Polk, therefore, commcnced this war; and in
• so doing, has trampled the Constitution under his
feet, committed a gross insult and outrage upon the
people in the persons of their Representatives, and
involved the country in a conflict m which thou-
sands of lives have been lost, and millions expend-
ed, and in the end, in all human probability, will
produce such a state of things as will convulse the
country from the centre to the circumference, and
terminate in the destruction of the union of our
States, and the liberty of the people, t
]NTow, sir, it may be asked, what motive could
induce the President tp pursue a course calculated
to lead to such results? I answer, a desire to ac-
quire foreign territory, to be annexed to the United
States, so as to secure to the South, and to her
'^peculiar institutions," in all time to come, as the
public press there has expressed it, the control, the
unrestrained control, of the Government. I am
awa?e that he says the war was not commenced
for that purpose, 6ut to obtain redress from Mexi-
co; conquest was no part of the scheme. If pun-
ishing Mexico, obtaining redress for wrongs, or
" conquering a peace," was the object, why was
the aimy not concentrated, and precipitated at
once into the heart of Mexico, and, in conjunction
with th^-navy, a decisive blow struck there? But
not so. /Why was it divided, ordered to invade and
overrun'the provinces of New Mexico, California,
&c.—to establishgovernments thereafter the model
of the States of the Union—and inculcate our po-
litical principles by the sword, if permament acqui-
sition of territory was not the object.}
In further proof that this was the object, I call
your attention to the orders given to the officers of
the army and navy. ;I will not read them, but .re-
fer to them very briefly. The Secretary of "War,
in his letter of the 3d June, 1846, to General Kear-
ny, marked confidential, says:
"I need not say to you, that in case you conquer Santa
F6, (and with it will be included the department or State of
New Mexico,) it will be important to provide., for retaining
aafe possession of it."
Again:
" It is known that a large body of Mormon emigrants are
cn route to California, for the parpose of settling m that coun-
try : you are desired to use all pioper means to have a good
understanding with them, to the end that the United States
may have their cooperation in taking posaeb iou of and hold-
ing that country " **
A^ain :
" Should you conquer or take possession of New Mexico
and Upper California, or considerable places in either, you
will establish temporary civil governments therein, abolish-
ing all arbitrary lestrictions that may exist, ^o far as it may
be done with safety. In performing this duty, it would be
wi&e and piudent to continue in their employment all such
of the existing officers as are Juiown u> be friendly to the
United States, and will take the oath of allegiance to them.."
And further on :
" You may a&mre the people of those provinces that-it is
the wish and design of the United States to provide foi them
a free government, with the least possible delay, similar to
that which exists in our Teiritorics. They then will be
• •ailed on to evcrcise the rights of frpemen in selecting their
own leprescntaiives in tiie Territorial Legislature."
Well, sir, General Kearny, in obedience to his
orders, did conquer the country; he marched to
Santa Pe; he instituted civil government over the
country, by an organic law providing for appoint-
ing governors, an executive, a legislature, judi-
ciary, marshals, sheriffs, clerks of courts, consta-
bles, and. with the rest, quite a liberal fee bill;
and also carried his orders into effect by natu-
ralizing the people of New Mexico. A legiment
was sent to California, under the orders of Colonel
Stevenson; and the men were directed to take their
families with them, and tools and agricultural im-
plements. And one of the terms on which the men
were irilisted was, that the Government would not
provide for their return to the United States at
the expiration of their term of service. The in-
structions to our naval officers, with regard to their
duty, when they shall have taken possession of
any part of California, directing Commodore Sloat
that when once Ins flag is hoisted in that country,
it is not to be taken down under any circum-
stances—the appointment of alcaldes, then, and
other civil officers, all go to prove that the war was
commenced by the President for conquest—perma-
nent conquest, and nothing else; and all that has
been said about the wrongs we suffered from Mexico
was to mystify the question, and deceive the peo-
ple.
This, Mr. Chairman, isnot a tythe of the facts
and reasons that might be adduced. If the actions
or statements of men is evidence of their intentions,
there can be no doubt about the intention of the
President on this subject. But this was not theonly
object in making war by the President: another was
to make political capital for present use and future
emergency. Examine any and all the documents,
from the President's message down to the reports
from any of the departments,and you will find that
the name of the man who commanded your army,
•and gained, against fearful odds, victories on more
fields than one—victories, the parallel of which is
not to be found in our national annals, is not even
mentioned. Indeed, before the battles of the 8th
and 9th of May last, and the recent brilliant
achievement at Monterey, an effort was made by
the public press in the confidence of the Adminis-
tration to prepare the public mind for defeat and
disaster, and that.General Taylor—not the Admin-
istration—should be held responsible. Defeat,
however, did not await the old veteran; on the
contrary, victory crowned his efforts. But a short
time since, an old army regulation, forgotten by
even military men, not seen by any one for the
last twenty years, was procured from the rubbish
of the War Department, and promulgated as gen-
eral orders; meant, no doubt for the special benefit
of General Taylor. An effort was made to force
through both Houses of Congress a bill autho-
rizing the appointment of a lieutenant-general, (or,
in other words, a regency bill; and there are pre-
cedents for it, both in Prance and England,) for
the avowed object of superseding in the command
of our army those who had by their skill and
bravery shed lustre upon the arms of the country,
in the last as well as in the present war. Sir,
General Taylor has been assailed by the par-
ticular friends of the President in this House; not
for the want of bravery—oh, no ! but for the want
of high military capacity. It was said by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] that he
was wanting in energy and promptitude, in not
following at once the enemy into tne heart of his
country, after the battles of the 8th and 9th of
May last. Another gentleman [Mr. Thompson,
of Mississippi] expressed his objections with much
warmth to the terms of the capitulation of Mon-
terey. Indeed, sir, the particular friends of the
President in both Houses of Congress have not
been able to discover anything in the conduct of
General Taylor to entitle him to their thanks!
The General may exclaim, with great propriety:
"Tray, Blanche, and Sweetheart,
Little dogs and all—
See, they do bark at me."
This, to my rhind, shows most clearly that politi-
cal power hereafter is attended to with full as much
vigilance as the present security aud prosperity of
the country.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable gentleman from
Florida, [Mr. Brockenbrotjgh,] has taunted the
party to which I am proud to belong, for voting
for the law of the last session providing for men
and money to enable the Government to carry
on the War with Mexico; and he deems it quite
inconsistent for those who did so to refuse to fur-
nish the President with whatever he is pleased to
demand, or to examine the conduct of the Pres-
ident in making the war, and the purposes for
which it was commenced, or the manner in which
it has been conducted. To one that belongs to a
party whose motto is " to the victors belong the
spoils," this is not surprising. The gentleman and
his friends, no doubt, in a similar case, would have
consulted alone the interest of the party; and the
lives and safety of our brave little army would have
been considered of secondary importance. Not
so with the party of which I am an humble member.
The miserable and contemptible effort to drive it
from coming to the rescue and aid of our little
army, after it had shown so much bravery, by in-
serting a falsehood in the preamble of the bill allu-
ded to, failed in the object intended; which was,
by that means, to foice it to vote against the bill,
that it might be charged with being enemies of the
country. The gentleman cannot be ignorant that
a vote was taken on that preamble, and that every
Whig in the House voted against it, and that it
was denounced by them at the time as false, in the
House and out of it. We have voted for men and
money at the present session for the same reasons.
We are involved in a war: that is a "fixed fact.'''
Our army is in the enemy's country; it must be
supported, by both men and money, until itcon-
quers a peace," in the clap-trap slang of the day,
and until wiser counsels prevail, and peace is
brought about by some other means. Why, sir,
when that bill passed we were assured that in-nine-
ty days our army would be revelling in the halls
of the Montezumas; and he knows, or ought to
know, that the preamble is no part of the bill. It
was enough for those who voted for the bill to
know that the peaceful relations that existed a few
weeks before between this country and Mexico
had changed; and that we were involved in a war
