206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Brev.se.
Senate.
ings of a high-minded and patriotic people; and
coming as it does to me, without the savor of party
upon it, I look back upon the votes I have already
given on allthe war measures, with increased sat-
isfaction, and am stimulated to perseverance in the
course I had marked out t'or myself before its re-
ception. I, for one, have never halted in my sup-
port of the' Administration in this war, and shall
not falter, be the consequences what they may.
But, sir, whilst this resolution instructs me to vote
for all measures in aid of the successful prosecu-
tion of the war, I am assured, at the same time,
the people of my State desire peace on honorable
terms; and, relaxing none of my exertions to
" nerve the arm of Government to increased vigor
in prosecuting the war," I shall, at the same time,
support all such measures as I believemay tend to
the accomplishment of this desire. And here, sir,
it becomes necessary to consider if the bill under
discussion, not providing means to carry on the
war, is of the latter character; and this leads to the
inquiry, under what circumstances is it presented
to us for our approvat ?
After the triumphs of our arms on the 8th and 9th
of May last, when we had shown to the world our
ability, with inferior forces, to overcome our enemy,
and the power of our sword, the proud spectacle
was presented to the view of the civilized world
by our Government, actuated by an earnest and
an honest desire to terminate the war, of making
a voluntary tender of the olive branch of peace.
On the 27th of July last, a despatch was sent from
our Secretary of State, through the commander-in-
chief of our squadron in the Gulf of Mexico, to the
Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs, proposing
" that negotiations should forthwith commence for
' the conclusion of a pence just and honorable for
* both parties;" and this body was informed of it
by a special message from the President, on the
4th of August ensuing, in which he frankly stated
his desire for peace, and the difficulties which he
believed might embarrass its speedy attainment,
and asked for an appropriation of money to aid him
in effectuating his desire. The difficulty antici-
pated, was the adjustment of a proper boundary
between the two nations; and should Mexico be
■willing to cede any portion of her territory for that
purpose, the President believed we should pay them
a fair equivalent, declaring that " a just and honor-
' able peace, and not conquest, being our purpose
' in the prosecution of (he war." The President
further said: " Under these circumstances, and con-
' sidering the exhausted and distracted condition of
' the Mexican republic, it might become neces-
' sary, in order to restore peace, that t should have
• it m mjr power to advance a portion of the con-
' siderauon money for any cession of territory
« which may be made. The Mexican government
' might-not be willing to wait for the "payment of
« the whole until the treaty could be ratified by the
' Senate, and an appropriation to carry it into effect
' be made by Congress, and the necessity for such
' a delay might defeat the object altogether."
He then concludes by asking Congress if it
would not be wise to appropriate a sum, such as
they might consider adequate for this purpose, to
be paid, if necessary, immediately upon the ratifi-
cation of the treaty' by Mexico, promising to ac-
count for its disbursement at the treasury, and
referring to the precedents of 1803 and 1806 for its
justification.
The action of the Senate was had on the 6th of
August, on this proposition, in the form of two
resolutions, reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations m executive session, the second of which
covering the whole ground of this bill, is in these
words:
''Resolved, Jut ther, That the Senate deem it advisable that
Congress should appropriate a sum of money to enable the
Resident to conclude a treaty of pence, limits and bounda-
ries with the Republic of Mcxico,ati8 to be used tivhimni
the event that Mich treaty should call for the expenditure of
the money so appiopri.ited, or any pait thereot."
This was adopted by a vote of 33 to 19; and a
resolution offered on the next day by thexhairman
of the Committee oil Finance, [Mr. Lewis,] in-
structing that committee forthwith to report a bill
appropriating two millions of dollars, to be placed
at the disposal of the President, for the purpose
indicated m the resolution adopted in executive
session. A few days after this, sir, oil the 10th of
August, the last day of the session, a bill for this
object was reported to the Senate from the House,
(one in the meantime having passed the Senate,)
and lost for want of time, the hour of adjournment
having arrived whilst the Senator of Massachu-
setts [Mr. Davis] was discussing the motion made
by the Senator of Alabama, [Mr. Lewis,] to strike
out of the hill that proviso which has caused so
much exciting remark here and elsewhere. Thus
Congress adjourned without carrying out the rec-
ommendation of the President, and our overture
of peace of July 97 was referred by the President
of Mexico to the Congress to assemble in Decem-
ber last, and from which we have as yet no defi-
nite answer.
I pass by now, sir, the previous efforts of our
Government, made in the autumn of the preceding
year, to resume diplomatic intercourse with Mexi-
co, which she had so abruptly terminated on the
passage of the joint resolution for the annexation
of Texas, and only allude to it in this connexion
as high evidence of our sincere desire to preserve
peace, and that the efforts of the President have
been unceasingly directed to this object. At the
opening of this session, the recommendation of Au-
gust last was renewed by the President in his mes-
sage, and he says: "The reasons which induced
' me to recommend the measure at that time still
1 exist; and I again submit the subject for your
' consideration, and suggest the importance of early
' action upon it." The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations has considered the recommendation, and
through their chairman reported this bill, giving it
their approbation; and the chairman himself, w-ith
that frankness which so eminently characterizes
him, in a lucid speech fully explained its objects.
From all this, sir, I am willing to believe that
the President is of opinion, founded upon inform-
ation to which we cannot-have access, that with
this money—in no degree, however, relaxing our
military operations—lie can procure a favorable
treaty of peace, limits, and boundary, with Mexi-
co; and to the extent of my vote, sir, he shall
have it. And I would submit to honorable Sena-
tors on both sides of the Chamber, whether it is
wise, if it be good policy, to refuse this appropria-
tion ? Suppose it should be refused, and the war
protracted for years, do not you, who oppose the
appropriation, put it in the power of the President
to say, " If you had voted me this money, I could
very soon have terminated the war, and I so in-
formed you." Do you not, then, take the respon-
sibility of the continuance of the war? Do you
not needlessly run the hazard of such a position ?
It seems to me, sir, that all those who sincerely
desiie peace cannot excuse themselves in voting
against this bill, untramelled with any provisoes—
disclosing, as it docs, accompanied by the mes-
sages of the President, that its object is peace, and
the adjustment of a boundary to be obtained by a
cession of territory by Mexico, for which an equiv-
alent is to be paid.
But the Senator of Rhode Island, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] who addressed us the other day, says he
would vote for the bill if he did not think there
was something equivocal in it. It looked too
much like buying peace: he would give millions
for defence, but did not like the idea of buying a
peace; and to pay money to a nation that owed
us large sums, he declared to be ridiculous.
Sir, I have a very different view. There is
nothing equivocal in the proposition—no mischief
concealed under the verbiage of the bill—nothing
that can subject us to ridicule or reproach—noth-
ing but a full recompense to Mexico, for any ces-
sion of territory she may make to us, to include
a line of boundary, safe and convenient for both
parties. The whole proposition is based upon an
enlightened statesmanship, high patriotism, and a
most commendable justice and humanity; and as
such, it will be regarded by the American peoplo
and the world, to whom the whole transaction is
fully revealed. Nothing like it, sir, has ever oc-
curred in history: the cases cited of 1803 and 1806
are not precedents, for we were then in amity with
France and Spain. This proposition is made to an
enemy in arms against us—made by a powerful
nation—a victor in every field, and with unlimited
resources—to a feeble foe, in an exhausted and
distracted condition, and beaten in every encoun-
ter; and affords the highest and most conclusive
evidence of the sincere desire of our Government
for peace. And although Mexico owes us indem-
nity , there is nothing inconsistent in this offer of
money to her, to place her in a condition by which
that can also be obtained. Alt who have paid any
attention to Mexican history must have perceived
that the army and the priesthood are the control-
ling powers there; that she is torn by dissension®
and rival factions, and has been subject to seven-
teen revolutions in the twenty-five years of her na-
tional existence—the army always causing them,
and always^ placing in power the person most ac-
ceptable to it. That is her condition now; and the
Executive, no doubt, sees in it a favorable mo-
ment, with ourarmyin her country, and our fleets '
blockading her * ports, with the additional means
asked for by this bill, to obtain a peace. No one
faction in Mexico is strong enough to take the re-
sponsibility of such an act; but by our aid, one
party may be made so, and their constitution of
1834 reestablished, and a permanent peace gained.
Having full confidence that the Executive sees his
way clear in this matter, I am willing to trust it to
him; and, if successful, he will be entitled to the
highest commendation.
Thus much, sir, in regard to the bill. I say-
nothing of the amendments proposed, as I do not
intend to vote for either; and to vote against the
bill itself, should the one proposed by the Senator
of Georgia [Mr. Berrien] be adopted. I wish
the proposition to stand or fall by itself, clear of
every proviso, and upon its own intrinsic merits,
so that the responsibility of its rejection may rest,
if it be rejected, where it ought to rest.
Having considered, sir, the origin and object of
the bill, it becomes necessary to examine, some-
what in detail, into the origin of the war also; and
in performing this part of my duty, 1 do not so
much intend to reply to the several Senators who
have preceded me in the debate, as to give my own
views on that point, formed principally from an
examination of the documents transmitted to us at
various times by the Executive.
Mr. President, this war has been denounced not
only in this Chamber, but by a party press in
different parts of the Union, as an Executive war
—as a Presidential war—as unjust—as waged for
conquest against a feeble Power, and without suf-
ficient cause. So, sir, the war of 1812 was de-
nounced as "Mr. Madison's war," and the judg-
ment of Heaven invoked against him and those
who sustained him in it. Every effort was made
to obstruct the action of the Government in its
successful prosecution; supplies were attempted to
be withheld; and it was solemnly declared by a
legislative assembly of one of the great States of
the Union, " that it was unbecoming a moral and
religious people to rejoice over the victories ob-
tained by our arms." Provisions and munitions
of war were furnished the enemy—lights were
kindled to lead them to our coast—the influence of
the party in opposition was exerted to prevent
capitalists from loaning money to the Government,
and treason plotted by a proposed alliance with
the enemy, which the termination of the war only
prevented. Sir, the recollection of the scenes of
that day awakens the most poignant regrets that
American citizens could be found so to have acted
at such a time, and the condemnation by which
they have been visited by the American people,
should be a warning to those, who, led on by party
spirit, and blinded by party zeal, may commit the
same great error, not to say crime, at this a simi-
lar crisis in our history.
But, sir, the war is not the act of the Executive.
Why, I would ask, should the President desire a
war with Mexico, or with any other Power? Cut
bono ? How is he to be benefited by it? What
personal gratification can it be to him to see his
country involved in war? No, sir; it is the act
of Mexico alone, and placed by her, not on the
ground Senators have assumed—the movement of
the army of occupation to the Rio Grande, by the
order of the President—but upon her avowed de-
termination to recover Texas, if the measure of
annexation was consummated. For proof of this,
sir, I call the attention of the Senate to some short
extracts from the letter of M. Bocanegra, the Mex-
ican Secretary of Foreign Affairs, to our Minister,
Mr. Thompson, dated National Palace, Mexico,
August, 23d, 1843:
''Although his Excellency the President hopes that an
authority so circumspect (the American Congress) will de-
feat a design so unjust, and an att.tek so decisive ou the
rights of the Mexican nation over that terntory, he lias or-
dered tho undersigned to declare to the Hoa. Waddy Tliomp-
