1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.209
29th Cong 2b Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Breese.
New Series.......No. 14.
"1 look upon war with Mexico as inevitable—a war dic-
tated by the British mini-ter here for the purpose of defeating
annexation, and intended at jtU events to deprive both Texas
and the United States of all claim to the country between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande, at the time the right of
Texas to the protection ot the United States arises under
the contingency anticipated by you at the date of your last
despatch to rne.
«I will send an express to you as soon as t see President
Jones; hut in the meantime, I trust, under a full view of
the dangers which threaten Texas, it may be found not in-
consistent with the opinion entertaiued by the President of
the United States ot his power and duty toconsider the pro-
tection of the United States as due to Texas, whenever the
consent ol the existing Government, through Congiess, is
given to the terms of oui joint resolution."
Again, in his despatch to our Secretary of State
of the 11th of June, he says:
"Tiic British Minister, Captain Elliott, who has been
recently to Mexico, and lett this place a few days a^o, in-
fonned President Jones that he thought war would bo the
consequence of tiie determination ot Texas to accept the
term* of annexation proposed by the United States, and lie
has expressed the same opinion to many of the citizens ot
this country,*'
To the Texan Secretary of State he writes un-
der the same date, m answer to his inquiry, if pro-
tection will be afforded Texas whilst she is delib-
erating on the terms of annexation, that
"The President of the United States tivh, in all then
force, the obligations which enjoin upon bun as a sacred
datj the defence ot Texas, after she shall have accepted the
condition's' which have, been submitted for hoi admission
i/uo the Union, m accordance with a solemn resolution of
Congress. An assault upon hei just right-:, for this eau-e,
and under such circumstances, will bean assault upon the
United States; and if will he felt the more keenly, because
it will involve the idea that the United States- can be made
to abandon the injunctions ot good faith, from the fear or
the arms of a foreign Power."
In addition to all this, Mr. President, of the
avowed and well-known intention of Mexico to
make war and invade Texas, I refer to three cir-
culars of Garcia Oomle, Minister of War and Ma-
rine of Mexico, tile first bearing date July 12, and
the others July 16, 1845:
[Cucular.] << Office of War and Marine,
" Section of Operations.
" The United States have consummated the pei tidy again.-1
Mexico by sanctioning the dcciee which declares the an-
nexation of the depaitment of Texas to that republic. The
injustice of that usurpation is apparent, and Me.\ico cannot
tolerate sneli a grave injury without making an effort to
prove to the United States the po^tbihty of her alnhtv to
cause her lights to he respected. With tins ol-jert. the Sli-
ps erne Government has resolved upon a declaiatiou of war
against that Power, -e< uig that our loi beaiancc, mst-ad of
b.'injr received as a pioot ot our friendly disposition, ha- been
interpreted into an acknowledged impossibility on oui part
to cam on a successful \v«u.
" Such an enor. on the part of the United States, will bo
advantigcous to Mexico, because, suddenly abandoning its
pacific attitude, it wi'l to-morrow communicate to Congiess
the declaiafion ot wai, and excite the patriotism of its "citi-
zens to s-u.-fain the dignify of the nntion and the integrity of
its temtory, now treacherously attacked, m utter disregaid
ot all guaiantees iecogm-ed 111 this enlightened age.
(t You will icadily appreciate the importance of this sub-
ject, and the necessity of piepaung the troops under your
command to inarch towards any point which may require
protection against these mo-t uuju.-t ag^re.s-ions. I am di-
rected by the provisional President to enjom jou, a* general-
in-chief of your division, and as a citizen of tins lepubhc,
to hold yourself m readme?* to repel thove who seek the
ruin of Mcxico. The Government is occupied in covenng
the deficient points on the fiontiers, and in collecting the
necessaty mean?, so that nothing may he wanting to those
whose glory it will be to defend the sacred rights of theii
countrj.
"I have the honor to communicate for your intelligence,
and to direct jour conduct. GARCIA CONDE.
" God and libeity ! Mexico, July 12, lfc45.*?
"This circular to the authorities subordinate to this office.
"Most excellent Senor. As my notes ot the JOth of
March arid 7th of Apul of this year, concerning the deseit-
ers and recruits for the army, have not produced the efiects
which his excellency, the PicMdont ad interim, defied, a-
the governors have not been able to gathei a number of men
by any means adequate to the wants of the army, in - excel-
lency h.i< ordered your excellency to piovide the inau-uaJ
to enable the different depaitments to tmni-di their quota,
and complete the contingent of tioops ipqiurcd by the de-
ciecsoi the 29th ot Deecmbei, lti-i;>, and ^d Julv,*1844; for
although the Supieme Government 1ms not exacted, with
punctuality, the eomplementfiosn the depaitments. she now
sees heiselt under tiie liecesoty of doing so, for the war
v\ hieh '•he w aires ajMin-a the United States, the perfidy and
treacheiy of which Powei put her in possession ot a part ot
this republic.
"His excellency, the Pre-ident ad inteiimy lequnes that
youi excellency inform the Goveinoi.- of the n< ces-ity which
t'AWs of detailing the number of men, so highly riece-j-niy
to fill the ranks ot the arm}, and to excite the zeal and pa-
tuotism of the authonties," that their preparations shall be
so effectual a« to fulfil the desiies of the Government, and
prevent the dignity of the nation ftom being m any measme
compromised.
"I have the honoi to eommumcaie toyotn excellency the
following, to be used as occasion m ly i equire
£/„ , JT '-GARCIA CONDE.
" God and Liberty! July 16,1845."
14
" Most excellent Senor, Minister of PorH«n Relations and of
Police. Transmit to the authorities depending vpon your
department.
"Most excellent Senor: It being necessary that the
troops of the line should cover the frontieis of the republic,
and march towards Texas to conquer that department, now
u-urped by the United States, his excellency, the President
ad interim, has commanded me to transmit jou this note to
excite the zeal and patriotism of the Governors, that they
place under arms m their respective districts all the force
which can be collccted in defence of tfie law, to be ready to
serve a? a &afcguaid of the respective departments accoiding
to the piecee of the 4th of June of thi? year, and the regula-
tion ot the 7th instant
"Your excellency will communicate to the Governors this
supreme resolution, and will infoim them of the obligation*
under which the citizens are to contribute to the defence of
their country, and to sustain rights violated by a nation
which refuses to acknowledge them, and obligedMexico to
maintain them by force, which if most undoubted!} will, or
fall in the stiuggle. Shewn! not consent to give up one-
half of hci teiritory, fiom the" ba.-e feai of lo-mg the otltei.
Hoping that your excellency will furnish me with informa-
tion as to the number of' men which can be devoted to this
important object, 3 our excellency will please to accept my
iikM hiah consideration.
"God and Libeity ! Mexico, Ju'y 16,1845.
" GARCIA CONDE.
"To the most excellent Senor, Minister of Foreign Rela-
tions and Police."
In view of all these things, sir, it does seem to
me that the President exhibited, in the order to the
troops to occupy Te^xas, a wise and prudent fore-
cast; being forewarned, lie was foreaimed, and i
ready to meet any emergency. The Executive |
could not shut his eyes to the conduct of Mexico j
if he would; and who would have been so ready I
to condemn him if lie had, as some who have spo- |
ken against his conduct? It was not, sir, until af- j
ter the decision of the convention of Texas, on the j
4th of July, 1845, that the order was given to the Jj
troops to take a position in Texas, when she had jj
acquired a perfect right to our protection; for she ]'
was, virtually, an integrant part of the Union, and
as much entitled to it as any one of the old thir- i
teen States, and Mexico never complained of it;
for when we attempted to open negotiations with ;
her in October of that year, she only requested that ,
our naval force might be withdrawn fiom Veia
Cruz, but not the army from Texas. Why, sir,
the previous Administration, at the head of which 1
was the Senator of South Carolina, [Mr. C\l- .
iiouN,] befoie we had acquued any rights what- ■
ever in Texas, promised to aid her with our fleet
and our own troops, and actually ordered the for- !
mer to take position in the Gulf, and the latter as ,
near Texas as our limits extended, and the officer 1
in command " directed to communicate directly J(
with the President of Texas;" and that gentleman, '!
as Secretary of State, on the 11th of April, 1844, ||
in answer to this query of the Texan charge here, |i
of the 17th January preceding: "Should the Pres- j
' ident of Texas accedc to the proposition of annex- ,1
i ation, would the President of the United States, j-
' after the signing of the tieaty, and before it shall i:
4 be ratified and receive the final action of the other (!
{ branches of both Governments, in case Texas j!
i should desire it, or with her consent, order such h
'number of the military and naval forccs of the ||
* United States to keep necessary points or places
4 upon the territory or borders of Texas, or the Gulf
4 of Mexico, as shall be sufficient to protect her
' against foreign aggression r" replied as follows to
the ministers of that republic:
WsbinxGT0\, +9pyi' 11, 1844.
lC Gentlemen. The letter addie.ss .d by Mr. Van Zaudtto
the late S^eri-taiy of State, Mr. Upshur. to which jou have I;
called mv attention, dared Washington, 17th of Jan nary, 1844, j
ha= been" laid before the President of the United State-. * \
i: In r.'plv to it, f am diiected by the Pie-niont to *av, that ■!
the Secretaiv ot the Navy ha* been iustuic-ted to oidei a ,•
stion? naval force to concentrate m the Gulf of Mjxico. to
meet am uncigt'iicy; and that sunilat ordei> h.ivo been I,
1-s.n^d by the Seen-t,nyof W.u, to mow the disposable mi!- r
ita:y foiees oo our touthwc tcrn fiontni fot the same iiu.- ,
po^e. Should the oxiL'ene} ante to winch jou re'er m your
note !o Mr. Up-bui I ant fmtliei directed by the Pr-^idcnt ■■
to snj, tliitduriii? tl'e pe-ideney of the ttval-o! annnx.ttion,
he would d^ein it ins duty to u-.e all the nioan^ placed w jtii- .,
i'i hi5- powci by the Couslitutiou to protect Texas from <".11
foreign invasion '' j
Now, sir, if this could be done " in the green
tree, what might not be done in the d y for then
we had no right whatever to Texas, whilst in 18-15. ,
when our troops took their position cJ Corpus ,
Chnstu we had. I did not censure the Adminis-
tration of 1844, for that promise to Texas. I ■
thought, so long as we did not enter the teintovy ,
of Texas, and, as a great national object was
sought to be attained, that it was good policy to
make a demonstration of force in that quarter; and 11
j that a portion of the ai*my and navy, not having
ij much to do, might well be employed there. But
lj the wonder is, sir, how the Secretary who advised
this promise, and gave this pledge, when we had
;j no right to Texas, can now, as Senator, fail to
, justify the President for performing the high obli-
,j gation resting upon him, Texas being in fact an-
j, hexed, to defend her.
j! I will not trespass upon the attention of the Sen-
jj ate by following up m detail the chain of events
11 that ensued; or make any remarks upon the orders
|j issued by the Government on the 13th of January,
i] 1846, as the reason for them is so fully explained
in the messages of the President of the 11th of
!, May and 8th of December last. I shall make no
, comments, sir, upon the plain, unvarnished ac-
ij count which they contain of this most justifiable
j. order of the President, so unscrupulously de-
, nounced. What followed is certain evidence that
, his conduct received the approbation of the Ameri-
can people; for, with great unanimity, Congress
: recognised war to exist by the act of Mexico," and
: proceeded to raise men and money to be placed at
1 the disposal of the President, to carry it on vigor-
j ously.
j I leave out of view entirely the other wrongs
, wo had received from Mexico, merely remarking
j that the President, in his message, nowhere avers
i that they were the cause of the war, but were a
cause, and had been long so regarded. He insists,
! as I do, that annexation was the £8use; and I sub-
mit, sir, that it has been fully made out by the
well-attested facts of the case.
A weighty obligation rested upon the President ~
to exorcise all his constitutional poweis to protect
Texas, and without exceeding them he has faith-
fully acquitted himself of it; and as to the fact that
Congress alone can determine the boundary of a
State, as asserted by the Senator of South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] when that boundary is also
claimed as that of the United States, I would refer
to the ease of Maine, whilst that exciting contro-
versy was going on with Great Britain, in 1839,
in relation to her boundary.
Then, sir, the Governor of the State, my honored
fiiend now a Seuatoi here, [Mi. Faiufillu,] took
possession of the country he claimed as within the
boundary of Main**, and it was resisted by the au-
■ thorities of New Brunswick. I will not go into a
history of that mafter; it is sufficient to state, sir,
that the Committee on Military Affairs of the Sen-
ate, through their chairman, [Mr. Benton,] made,
in 3840, an elaborate report upon the subject, con-
cluding thus;
" It has not been thought necessary to go into a consider-
ation of ti.e tei utoii.il limits of M i.oc, a?, defined and c&tah-
h-.h<'d by the trcaiy of oi t' -• ju-tu-e of her claim to
e\ercr?e aels of juupdietn.n, and execute her laws to the
extent of tho-e limit-. These question- have repeatedly
received tin; attention of Congre:-^ and the cmintiy, and as
often been deenkd favorably to the chums of ? I.un" : ami
the committee a:e not now dispo>ed to ca^t a doubt upon
the c-irrecfne.-b of lilt'-,' icp.-atcd jccoi.rmtioij> ol hei ughta,
which even a i ''newed di^rn^mn of the Mibj^ct ninxht seem
to imply. She now claims Uoni tiie United State*, under
the pjovisions ot tiie Constitution, lenitineratiou for.services
rendered in mam!a;nuH{ h- i juri-diction and sovereignty,
within her njrhtiul torsional limits, asainst foreb/n en-
ejoaehment, ana protecting the integrity of her?-oii against
threatened invasion.
«Tn,  cc.in.intt jc. upon a review nf the whole facts, are
satisfied that the evj^nnev contempSat- d by the '"'ons-titntion
had arK-en which auihori/t d a call upon the I'le.-ident for
aid and piotcction <u;.uu-t anticipated nnasion, that, under
the indent cncum-sinnce^ of thi.s case, the Kvecutive of
Ma-ne a-.ni-tifvjd in oidciintr a portion of the military force
ot th" State to th.'noiriieastern fiontier, exposed as it was
to an immediate etfa^k.-' ice.
They therefore report a bill to reimbuisc Maine
for tiie expenses incurred.
The ormolu' of this case seem4? to me, sir. to be
the same as tbt't involved m the defence of Texas,
therft bein^: n disputed boundary in both, and the
E:\ccufive of each deciding lor itself where the true
line was.
Previous to this report, sir, in 1839, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of thQ Senate, by
their chair'nan, [.Mr. Buchanan,] repotted a series
of resohu'uMs on this same subject, the third of
win :h I will lead:
ThPt should her Riitannic .Majer-syV Govern-
ment, in \ nhmon of the clear undcistanduis; between the
oa^in.'-.'persist m cariying it^ avowed detcunmatiofi into
e-'ceeti'ou, and atternot, by imhtai.v rou-e, to a^same e\clu-
sne nin^JicUon o\er the disputed terntoiy, all of winch
rli y ilrmiy believe nulitfuily belongs to the State of Maine,
the exi  c ey, in the opinion of the Senate, will then have
occurred, rendering it the imperative duty of the President,
