3-10
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 23,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Brecse.
Senate.
under the Constitution and the laws, to callthe militia forth
and employ the military force of the United States, for the
purpose ot repelling such an invasion. And m this, the
Senate will cordially cooperate with and en stain the Presi-
dent in defending the rights of the country."
Here the point is conceded, which no one could
doubt, that m case of a threatened invasion .of our
territory, it is the duty of the President, without
the action of Congress, to call upon the military
power of the country to repel it. This is all Mr.
Folk did, in the case of Texas, until after we had
recognised the war to exist, and we became, in its
necessary prosecution, m turn, the invaders; and
that is our position now; and the question is, Shall
we continue in this position ?
Shall the war be further prosecuted, and in what
manner?
On this question the views of Senators differ.
One, [Mr. Cilley,] has proposed to withdraw our
forces into our own territory; but he did not vote
for his own resolution. Jit was condemned by the
unanimous judgment of the Senate. No other Sen-
ator has made any distinct proposition as to the
manner of prosecuting the war, whilst, from the
remarks of several, the inference may be fairly
drawn that, as a further prosecution of it may lead
to further conquests of territory, and as such con-
quests are, in their opinion, far from desirable, it
would be best, perhaps, to assume a defensive po-
sition altogether; whilst at the same time they
express no partiality for the bill we are consider-
ing, though peace is its object.
I have thought, Mr. President, that by a vigor-
ous conduct of the war, attacking Mexico at all as*-
satiable points—conquering her provinces—taking
possession of her ports, and opening them to com-
merce—levying contributions upon the people—
annihilating her army by a bold and determined
movement, united with the influence which this
appropriation will exert, an honorable peace can
be more speedily obtained, as well as indemnity'for
the past and security for the future, than by any
other mode. We must make that nation feel our
power. She has not yet felt it. Our army within
it, has been rather a benefactor than a scourge, and
its coming has been hailed by the people with joy;
for it has taken money with it, with which it has
paid liberally for all the supplies furnished by that
people. They would not care if the war continued
until doomsday, so long as they make a profit by
it. Let the oilier course be pursued—visit them
with some of the distresses of war—force such ex-
actions from them as the established rules of war-
fare justify, and soon will the public sentiment turn
torpeace.'
But Senators object to conquering her provinces
for fear of consequences which they suppose may
affect injuriously the interests of the&c States. In-
deed, so great was" the apprehension of the Senator
of North Carolina [Mr. Badger] on this head,
that he declared he would prefer to see the whole
country swallowed up by an earthquake than be a
cause of such irritation as its future union with the
States would occasion, leading;, perhaps, to their
final ruin! Another Senator [Mr. Webster] lias
laid upon your table two resolutions, m one of
which he expresses the opinion that no territory
should be acquired by conquest " for the purpose
of creating new States to be admitted into the
Union." Whilst other Senators conceive it would
be a disgrace to this country to obtain any Mexi-
can territory in this mode, for any purpose—that
■we have now " room enough" and want no more—
whilst another portion seem to be in favor of hold-
ing those parts of it we have acquired, provided
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall be
admitted within it.
Now, sir, I conceive that a conquest of territory
by one belligerant from another, is a legitimate ob-
ject of war, and that we have a right thus to acquire
it, by the power to make wai*. ^It is legitimate to
do our enemy the most injury we can, and that
injury may consist, as with Mexico, in depriving
her of portions of her territory. She may not be
affected in any other mode—this may be her tender
point—and she may not be made to feel, except by
touching it. What is to be done with these con-
quests, if we retain them after a peace is made, is
another question; a treaty may sccure them to us,
and then it will be time, when such a proposition is
before us, to decide upon the propriety of keeping
them, and upon the policy to be pursued in regard
to them. Now is not the time to raise such ques-
tions. Whenever they do properly arise, I shall
be prepared to meet them and decide them. For
the present, sir, we cannot know that six months
hence we shall he in possession of a foot of Mex-
ican soil. What folly, then, it is, to be chasing
phantoms, and running into excitement'on a ques-
tion which may never be before us. Let us first
obtain the territory—let it be secured to us as a
part of our domain, then it will be time enough to
legislate about it—not now, sir. I, for one, sir,
will not make my State a party, at this time, to
any such questions; certainly not while engaged
in a foreign war, demanding for its success union
and energy. I will act on events as they arise,
in such a mode as I believe will be acceptable to
that State—now I will not consent that it shall be
drawn into any controversy about it. As for con-
quering Mcxican provinces, 1 shall vote for all the
maens'necessary to do that. One great object of
our arms, during the last war, after we had em-
barked in it, was to conquer Canada, and our prin-
cipal efforts weie directed to that end. And why?
Because it was thought that, in that way, our ene-
my could be most seriously injured, and no ques-
tion was made about our right to conquer it, nor
what we should do with it in the event of success.
Southern statesmen then made no objection to its
acquisition, although it would increase the power
of the free States vastly, and to the prejudice, con-
sidered with reference to political power, of the
southern States. Why, then, sir, should the ques-
tion of what should be our policy in regard to parts
of Mexico, if acquired, be brought into this discus-
sion to distract our councils, and in the end, per-
haps, defraternize us 5 Others, sir, object to any
further extension of our territory, under any cir-
cumstances, professing to fear that* thereby the
Union will he in danger.
Sir, I have no apprehensions of this kind. I
think our system is most admirably adapted to
almost any (Je^rce of extension. This objection
was urged in 1787, and a preference manifested in
some quaiters for a division of the States into
three or more small confederacies. So when Loui-
siana was acquired, the same objections were
urged, but time has shown their groundlessness.
Since the adoption of the Constitution, fifteen
States have been added to the Confederacy, six of
them out of foreign territory, and against the same
objections now urged, and all of them contributing
new vij^or to the system, and increased strength to
the circle. No symptoms of disaffection to the
Union have been observed in any of the new
States—no spirit of insubordination or of restless-
ness under the ties wiiich bind them has ever been
manifested; and if the action of Congress is con-
fined to its proper functions, and each State per-
mitted to exercise its own undoubted powers with-
in its own limits, and manage us own legitimate
concerns in its own way without the interference
of Congress, no imaginable bounds can be assign-
ed to the proper extension of this Confederacy:
it is peculiarly adapted to great enlargement and
extension. One common head,possessingclearand
well-defined powers, and these regarding chicfly
our external and foreign relations and interests,
and each State managing its own domestic affairs
according to its own views of policy, neither in-
terfering with the just rights and powers of the
other, and "with the seat of the common and gen-
eral Government at some convenient and central
point, the combination, no matter how extensive,
frould be endowed with an enduring strength, and
be invincible against the assaults of the world. T
have no fears, sir, arising out of an extension of
this Confederacy, if the principles of the Constitu-
tion are observed in their true spirit—none what-
ever, sir.
But the Senator of South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] suggested, the other day, and, I think, ad-
vised, that we should no further prosecute a war
of invasion—an offensive war—but should with-
draw our forces to the line of the Del Noite, forti-
fying it at certain points, as high up as the Paso,
and thence west to the Gulf of California; and he
maintained, with his usual power, that such a line
could be defended, and would tend to produce the
result we all desired—peace—at a much less ex-
pense of blood and treasure than the other mode;
and in advocating this plan, I regretted to hear
him speak doubtingly of our ability to carry on
the war m that other mode—by offensive opera-
tions. He spoke of an unwillingness that would ,
be manifested on the part of our yeomanry to em-
bark in the war—that their ardor would cool, arid
that money could not be obtained on good terms
to defray the expenses. I am sorry he said all
this, sir: for very soon it will be repeated in Mexi-
co, and will have the certain effect to stimulate her
to further and a more obstinate resistance. And
besides, sir, such remarks reflect upon the pa-
triotism of our people, which, [ believe, is as ardent
now as it ever was in the palmiest days of the
republic. And as to providing means, our re-
sources are unlimited, and are growing in magni-
tude hourly. No nation on earth can command
them more readily than we can, and no people will
make greater sacrifices than ours for such a pur-
pose. Sir, the people of Illinois are willing to be
taxed upon all the necessaries of life to aid the
Government in this struggle. Our women will
give up their jewels and our children their plajr-
things, rather than our troops shall suffer priva-
tions, and our country brought to dishonor by a
retrograde movement. Ay, sir, the people of that
State "would coin their hearts, and drop their
blood for drachmas," rather than this. No, sir,
this will never do. The country can never be
brought to this kind of masterly inactivity. But,
Mr. President, the defensive line proposed by the
Senator, a part of it at least—that formed by the
Rio Grande—is wholly indefensible. History, sir,
does not afford an instance, I believe, of a river
ever having been successfully defended against an
enemy determined to cross it; and in that particu-
lar the position chosen by our commanding officer
on the Rio Grande, was, in a military point of
view, the worst that could be selected, as after
events proved; for the Mexicans did cross it, and
placc themselves between his fortification and his
supplies.
From the passage of the Granicus, by Alexan-
der, against the Persian hosts, no instance can be
found where a river has been defended. In that
! battle, sir, the Macedonian, with an inferior force,
passed the river in open day—the whole force of
Darius, amounting to ten thousand horse and one
hundred thousand foot, drawn up in battle-array
against him. The passage was effected by a loss
to the Persians of one-fifth of their whole force,
whilst Alexander lost but one hundred and twenty
I men. So, too, in his march to Scythia; his passage
j of the Jaxartes was opposed, but effected m spite
of the most formidable opposition. So, sir, where
" the famed Hydaspes glides," he crossed that
1 river, though met and opposed by Porus and his
i elephants, about which the Senator of Ohio [Mr.
' Corwin] talked the other day. The Romans ai-
, tempted to defend the Danube against the incui-
, sions of the northern barbarians, but they had to
retreat to their proper line of defence, the Pan-
nonian Alps, leaving the country between them a
I desert. Julius Cte^ar, in his invasion of Britain,
1 passed the Thames, his troops wading up to their
] necks m water, against the whole pouer of the
! Britons. Look at the successes of Napoleon in
Italy in such attempts—at the Po, the Adige, the
Mincio, the Tagliamento, and other streams, the
passage of which the Austrians defended; and look
I at the passage of the Beresina, on his retreat from
| Russia, with the remnant of the grand army, with
1 forty thousand Russians piessing on his rear, and
thirty-seven thousand on this bank to oppose hi nr..
( Massena, in Switzerland, did not attempt to de-
fend the line of the Rhine, or any of its waters,
| but took his position on the mountain height?,
! where he was impregnable. So with Wellington,
j in Portugal: he did not try to defend the rivers,
j but retreated to the mountains—to the Torres
' Vedras, from which Massena endeavored in vain
: to dislodge him. Our own Washington, too, sir,
I could not defend the passage of the^Brandywine;
j though he did pass the Delaware at night, against
; tlie force stationed at Trenton to prevent him, and
; achieved theieby a brilliant \ictory at Piinceton.
' Numerous other instances might be mentioned, sir,
i of the passage of rivers, no matter by what de-
| STiption of force they are guarded; so that it may
I be safely asserted that they are indefensible, even
J by a superior force; and the reason is, I suppose,
| that they create a false security, and expose the
defenders to a surprise; it is supposed they cannot
be crossed, and will not be attempted, and there-
fore the same precautions are not used as iu the
