1847.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Cor win.
Senate.
open field. Besides, they can be crossed at points
distant from the opposing force, and distant from
fortifications, by which the defences are rendered
useless; or they may be crossed in the night, and
by stratagem, as Napoleon did the Taghamento
and Beresina.
But, sir, if I am mistaken in all this, would itbe
good policy to pursue such a system ? Would it ter-
minate the war? No,sir, no. It would renderitend-
less; and no plan could be devised more acceptable
to the military leaders of Mexico than it would be,
for it would afford an excuse for keeping up the
aimy, and enable them, for an indefinite period, to
maintain undisputed control over the Government
and people of Mexico, and thus save them from the
doom which awaits them on the return of peace,
and reestablishment of the Constitution of 1824.
Their hearts would leap with joy, sir, if we should
adopt this plan, and peace be farther from us than
ever. Mr. President, we cannot retrograde—our
honor forbids it—the spirit of the people forbids
it—the common glory of our common country
■would be sullied by it, and, with my consent, the
deed shall not be done. Nothing can save us from
national degradation, nothing can secure us from
the contempt of the world, but a bold and energetic
prosecution of the war to an honorable peace.
Senators need not suppose the war is unpopular.
Look at the indications around us of the contrary !
See the uncommon spectacle of 300,000 men vol-
untarily offering themselves to the Government to
carry it on. See the facility with which loans are
obtained. See the unexampled prosperity of our
people in all their business relations. See the gold
of other counties coming to us in millions to in-
crease the general wealth, and add to our revenues;
and sec the vast and unbounded resources of the
country, as they are daily developed; -and, in view
of all this, why should there be any fear—why
any despondency? And, above all, sir, see the fires
of patriotism, how ardently they glow, throughout
the whole length and breadth of our land !° No,
sir; there is no occasion for desponding;; for the
present is full .of confidence, and the future full of
nope and promise. We have but to do our duty,
and all will be well. But, if Senators think it is
unpopular, and ought not to be further waged, let
them introduce a resolution to dint effect, and put
it to a vote. Will any Senator offer it?
The honorable Senator of North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] need not " lay the flattering unction to
his soul," that this Administration, and the party
it represents, are to be put down by this war. Sir,
that party was never more united, never stronger
than it is at this moment; and, though he may join
in the chase to run it down—which he said he
should do—I can assure him he will not " be in at
the death," for (and he will pardon me for saying
it) he is getting old, and that party is to live and
flourish for very many years yet to come.
Sir, it is true we may expend much money in
this war, but the loss will be soon supplied on the
return of peace. No nation possesses such great
recuperative energies as this: and with our grow-
ing population, doubling itself in every twenty-
two years, and our unlimited powers of produc-
tion, with the markets of the world open to us, the
exhausting drain can be soon supplied. We will
lose many gallant men, too, sir, in the conflict,
and the bodies of many unbuned soldiers may
cover the plateaus and gorges of Mexico; but their
death will be a sweet and an honorable one: grat-
itude will hereafter build their sepulchre, glory
shall gild it, and affection forever defend the cy-
press that shall weep around it. These calamities
are the inevitable results of war; and no lecture
against it, on account of them, great as they truly
are, can have anymore effect upon a people engaged
in righteous combat, than the repetition of the silly
dreams of a sick girl. We all deprecate them, sir;
but they cannot be avoided, and will not be, until
the coining of that nullenial dawn, " when the lion
and the lamb shall He down together—when our,
swords shall be turned into ploughshares, and our
spears into pruning hooks, and nations shall learn
war no more."
Mr. President, having shown, as we uniformly
have, in every stage of our difficulty with Mexico,
an earnest desire for peace, making overtures,
which, under other circumstances, would have
marked us as craven in spirit and fearful of the is-
sue, it seems to me that no way isnow left for us but
to fight it out—array our legions, attack the enemy
at every vulnerable point, and, if need be, carry
our victorious eagles to the capital, and there, on
the Plaza of her famed city, dictate a peace. We
cannot retreat without disgrace—we can advance
with honor and success. Let there be no divisions
in our councils; let us all unite in giving additional
potency to the arm of the Government; Jet us
throw distracting questions aside, and, with one
heart and one mind, come to our country's aid in
the hour of its need. When the war-drum has
ceased to beat, when the excitement of the moment
shall have passed away, and passion shall be
stilled, and leisure afforded for reflection, how bit-
ter will be the regrets of those who shall now de-
sert their country's cause, and how terrible will be
that doom an indignantpeople will pronounce upon
them!
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. COR WIN,
of ohio,
In the Senate, February II, 1847.
The Bill making further appropriations to bring
the existing war with Mexico to a speedy and
honorable conclusion, being under considera-
tion—
Mr. CORWINsaid:
Mr. President: i am not now about to perform
the useless task of surveying the whole field of
debate occupied in this discussion. It has been
carefully reaped, and by vigilant and strong hands;
and yet, Mr* President, there is a part of that field
which promises to reward a careful gleaner with a
valuable sheaf or two, which deserve to be bound
up before the whol° harvest is gathered. And still
this so tempting prospect could not have allured
'me into this debate, had that motive not been
strengthened by another, somewhat personal to
myself, and still more interesting to those I repre-
sent. Anxious as 1 know aU are to act, rather
than debate, I am compelled, for the reasons L !
have assigned, to solicit the attention of the Sen- t
ate. I do this chiefly that I may discharge the !
humble duty of giving to the Senate, and through
this medium to my constituents, the motives and
reasons which have impelled me to occupy a posi-
tion, always undesirable, hut in times like the
present, painfully embarrassing.
I have been compelled, from convictions of duty
which [ could not disregard, to differ, not merely
with those on the other side of the chamber, with
whom I seldom agree, but also to separate, on one
or two important questions, from a majority of my
friends on this side—those who compose here that
Whig party, of which I suppose I may yet call
myself a member.
Diversity of opinion on most subjects affecting
human affairs is to be expected. Unassisted mind,
in its best estate, has not yet attained to uniformi-
ty, much less to absolute certainty, in matters
belonging to the dominion of speculative reason.
This is peculiarly and emphatically true, where
we endeavor to deduce from the present, results,
the accomplishment of which reach far into the
future, and will only clearly develope themselves
in the progress of time. From the present state
of the human mind, this is a law of intellect quite
as strong as necessity. And yet, after every rea-
sonable allowance for the radical difference in
intellectual structure, culture, habits of thought, and
the application of thought to things, the singularly
opposite avowals made by the "two Senators on
the other side of the chamber, (I mean the Senator
from South Carolina, Mr. Calhoun, and the Sen-
ator from Michigan, Mr. Cass,) must have struck
all who heard them, as a curious and mournful
example of the truth of which I have spoken.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] in con-
templating the present aspects and probable future
course of our public affairs, declared, thai? he saw
nothing to alarm the fears or depress the hopes of
! the patriot. To his sprene, and as I fear too apa-
!' thetic mind, all is calm; the sentinel might sleep
i; securely on his watchtower. The ship of State
11 seems to him to expand her saiis under a clear
!! sky, and move on, with prosperous gales, upon a
ii smopth sea. He admonishes all not to anticipate !
'j evil to come, but to fold their hands and close their ■
eyes in quietude, ever mindful of the consolatory
test, "Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
But the Senator from South Carolina. [Mr. Cal-
houn,] summoningfrom the depths of his thought-
ful and powerful mind all its energies, and looking
abroad on the present condition of the Republic,
is pained with fearful apprehension, doubt, dis-
trust, and dismay. To his vision, made strong:
by a long life of careful observation, made keen
by a comprehensive view of past history, the sky
seems overcast with impending storms, and the
dark future is shrouded in impenetrable gloom.
When two such minds thus differ, those less fa-
miliar with great subjects affecting the happiness
of nations, may well pause before they rush to a
conclusion on this, a subject which, in all its bear-
ings, immediate and remote, affects certainly the
present prosperity, and probably the liberty, of two
republics, embracing together nearly thirty mil-
lions of people. Mr. President, it is a fearful
responsibility we have assumed; engaged in fla-
grant, desolating war with a neighboring republic,
to us thirty millions of God's creatures look up
for that moderated wisdom which, if possible, may
stay the march of misery, and restore to them, if
it may be so, mutual feelings of good-will, with
all the best blessings of peace.
T sincerely wish it were in my power to cherish
those placid convictions of security which have
settled upon the mind of the Senator from Michi-
gan. So far from this, I have been, in common
with the Senator from South Carolina, oppressed
wuh melanchqly forebodings of evils to come, and
not unfrequently by a conviction that each step we
take in this unjust war, may be the last in our
career; that each chapter we write in Mexican
blood, may close the volume of our history as a
free people. Sir, I am the less inclined to listen to
the siren song the Senator from Michigan sines to
his own soul, because I have heard its notes before.
I know the country is at this moment suffering
from the fatal apathy into which it was lulled a
few years ago. Every one must recal to his mind,
with pleasing regret, the happy condition of the
country in 1843, when the other question, the pre-
lude to this, the annexation of Texas, was agitated
heie; we remember how it attracted the attention
of the whole Union; we remember that the two
great leaders of the two great parties, agreeing in
scarcely any other opinion, were agreed in that.
They both predicted that if Texas were annexed,
war with Mexico would be the probable result.
We were told then by others, as nowhv the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that all was well, that all was
calm, that Mexico would not fight, or, if she would,
she was too weak to wage the struggle with any
effect u pon us. The sentinel was then told to sleep
upon his watchtower; <{ Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof,1' was sung to us then in notes as
f oft and sweet as now. Mr. President, u the day*'
has come, and with it has come war, the most dire-
ful curse wherewith it has pleased God to afflict a
sinful world. Such have been the fatal effects of
lulling into apathy the public mind, on a subject
which agitated it, as well it might, to its profound-
est depths.
{ repeat, sir, the day has come, as was then pre-
dicted, and the evil predicted has come with it.
We are here, sir, now, not as then, at peace with
all the world—not now, as then, with laws that
brought into your treasury everything adequate
to its wants—not now, as then, free from debt, and
the apprehension of debt and taxation, its neces-
sary consequence. But we are here with a treas-
ury that is beggared—that lifts up its imploring
hands to the monopolists and capitalists of the
country—that sends out its notes and "promises
to pay" into every mart and every market in the
world—begging for a pittance from every hand to
help to sweli the amount now necessary to extri-
cate us from a war—inevitable, as it now seems it
was, from that very act which was adopted under
such flattering promises two years ago. IVlr.
President, it is no purpose of mine to arraign tHe
conduct of the United States upon that occasion.
It is no purpose of mine to treat this young and
newly adopted sister—the State of Texas—as an
alien or stranger m this family of republics. I al-
lude to this only to show how little reliance is to
be placed upon those favorable anticipations in
which gentlemen indulge with regard to conse-
quences^ which may flow from measures to which
