212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fF eb. 11,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Corwin.
Senate.
they are strongly wedded, either by feeling or
, party attachment.
Is there nothing else in our history even o^the
past year to justify the Senator from South Caro-
lina in the pregnant declaration, that in the whole
period of his public life, comprehending the most
eventful in the history of the republic, there had
never been a time when so much danger was
threatened to the interests, happiness, and liber-
ties of the people ? Sir, if any one could sit down,
free from the excitements and biases which belong
to public affairs—could such an one betake him-
self to those sequestered solitudes, where thought-
ful men extract the philosophy of history from its
facts, I am quite sure no song of "All's well"
would be heard from his letired cell. iso, sir;
looking at the events of the last twelve months,
and forming his judgment of the.se by the sugges-
tions which history teaches, and which she alone
can teach, he would record another of those sad
lessons which, though often taught, are, I fear,
forever to be disregarded. He would speak of a
republic, boasting that its rights were secured, and
the restricted powers of its functionaries bound up
in the chaiTis of a written Constitution; he would
record on his page, also, that such a people, in the
wantonness of strength, or the fancied security of
the moment, had torn that written Constitution to
pieces, scattered its fragments to the winds, and
surrendered themselves to the usurped authority
of ONE MAN.
He would find written in that Constitution, Con-
gress shall have power to declare war; he would
find everywhere in that old charter proofs clear
and strong that they who framed it intended that
Congress, composed of two Houses, the repre-
sentatives of (lie States and the people, should (if
any were preeminent) be the controlling power.
He would'find theie u President designated, whose
general and almost exclusive duty it is to execute,
not to make the law. Turning from this to the his-
tory of the last ten months, Kb would find that the
President alone, without the advice or consent of
Congress, had, by a bold usurpation, made war on
0 neighboring republic; and what is quite as much
to be deplored, that Congress, whose high powers
were thus set at naught and defied, had, with ready
and tame submission, yielded to the usurper the
wealth and power of the nation to executc his will,
as if to swell his iniquitous triumph over the very
Constitution which he and they had alike sworn to
support.
Xf any one should inquire for the cause of a war
in this country, where should he resort for an an-
swer? Surely to the journafs of both Houses of j
Congress, sincc Congress alone has power to de-
clare war; yet, although we have been engaged in
war for the last ten months, a war which has tasked
all the fiscal resources of the country to carry it
forward, you shall search the rccords and the ar-
chives of both Houses of Congress m vain for any I
detail of its causcs, any resolve of Congress that
\\;ir shall be waged. How is it, then, that a peace-
ful and peace-loving people, happy beyond the
common lot of man, busy in every laudable pur-
suit of life, have been forced to turn suddenly from
these, and plunge into the misery, the vice, and
crime which ever have been and ever shall be the
attendant scourges of war ? The answer can only
be, it was by the act and will of the President alone,
and not by the act or will of Congress, the war-
making department of the Government.
Mr. President, was it not due to ourselves, to
the^ lofty character for peace as well as probity
which we profess to be ours, and which till recently
we might justly claim—was it not due to the civili-
zation of the age that we, the representatives of the
States and the people, should have set forth the
causes which might impel us to invoke the fatal
arbitrament of war, before we madly rushed upon
it? Even the Senator from South Carolina,attached
as he has been by party ties to the President, and
therefore, as we may suppose, acquainted with his
motives for his war with Mexico, was compelled
to say the other day in debate, that up to that hour
the rouses of this war were left to conjecture. The
reason of this singular anomaly, sir, is to be found
m the fket that the President and not Congress de-
iv!?rei an-^ commenced this war. How" is this,
•' How is it that we have so disap-
pointed the intentions of our fathers, and the hopes
01 rtii the friends of written constitutions? When
the makers of that Constitution assigned to Con-
gress alone the most delicate and important power,
to declare war—a power more intimately affecting
the-interests, immediate and remote, of the people,
than any which a Government is ever called on to
exert—when they withheld this great prerogative
from the'Executive and confided it to Congress
alone, they but consulted in this, as in every other
work- of their hands, the gathered wisdom of all
preceding times. Whether they looked to the stern
despotisms of the ancient Asiatic world, or the
military yoke of imperial Rome, or the feudal in-
stitutions of the Middle Ages, or the more modern
monarchies of Europe, in each and all of these,
where the power to wage war was held by one or
by a few, it had been used to sacrifice, not to pro-
tect the many. The caprice or ambition of the
tyrant had always been the cause of bloody and
wasting war, while the subject millions had been
treated by their remorseless masters only as " tools
in the hands of him who knew how to use them."
They therefore declared that this fearful power
should be confided to thdle who represent the peo-
ple, and those who here in the Senate represent
the sovereign States of the republic. After secu-
ring this power to Congress, they thought it safe
to give the command of the armies in peace and
war to the President. We shall see hereafter how,
by an abuse of his power as commander-in-chief,
the President has drawn to himself that of declaring
war, or commencing hostilities with a people with
whom we were on terms of peace, which is sub-
stantially the same.
The men of former times toolovery good care
that your standing army should he exceedingly
small, and they who had the most lively appre-
hensions of investing in one man the power to
command the army, always inculcated upon the
minds of the people, the necessity of keeping that
army within limits just as small as the necessity
of the external relations of the country would pos-
sibly admit. It has happened, Mr. President, that
when a little disturbance on your Indian frontier
took place, Congress was invoked for an increase
of your military force. Gentlemen came here who
had seen partial service in the armies of the United
States. Thev tell you that the militia of the coun-
try is not to be relied upon—that it is only in the
regular army of the United States that you are to
find men competent to fight the battles of the coun-
tiy; and fiom time to time, when that necessity
has seemed to arise, forgetting this old doctrine,
that a large standing army in time of peace was
always dangerous to human liheity, we have in-
creased that army from six thousand up to about
sixteen thousand men. Mr. President, the other
day, we gave ten regiments more; and for not giv-
ing it within the quick time demanded by our
master, the commander-in-chief, some minion—I
know not who, for I have not looked into this
matter until this morning—feeding: upon the fly-
blown remnants that fall from the Executive sham-
bles and He putnfying there, has denounced us as
Mexicans, and called the American Republic to
take notice that there was in the Senate a body of
men chargeable with ineivism—Mexicans in heart
—traitors to the United States.
I trust, Mr. President, that our master will be
appeased by the facility with which, immediately
after that rebuke of his minion, the Senate acted
upon the hi!!, and gave him the army which he
required. I trust that he will now forget that law
which, as commander-in-chief of the aimy of the !
United States and President of this great North
American Republic for the time being, he promul- :
gated to us in the message, and those commands
which lie was pleased to deliver at the opening of '
this session fo his faithful and humble servitors in
both branches of the American Congress, admon- |
ishin  us that we would be considered as giving j
aid ond comfort" to his enemy—not ours!—his— :
if one word should be said unfavorable to the mo- .
tives which have brought the royal will to the con-
clusion that he would precipitate this Republic into :
a war with Mexico! I trust his Majesty, in con- 1
sideration of our faithful services in augmenting the j
forces of the Republic agreeably to the commands I
which we have received from the throne, will be I
induced to relax a little when he comes to execute i
that law of treason upon one at least so humble as j
niyself! I do r'emember, Mr. President—you will !
remember, Mr. President—your recollection of1
history will furnish you with a case which will, I
think, operate in my favor in a question of that
sort.
Some time in the history of the royal Tudors in
England, when a poor Englishman, for differing
from his majesty, or her majesty, on some subject,
it might be religious faith—was condemned to be
hanged and quartered, and embowelled,out of spe-
cial gra.ee, in a particular case where penitence was
expressed, the hangman was admonished to give
j the culprit time to choke before he began to chop
i up his limbs and take out his bowels!
| Now, Mr. President, I have already stated that
j I do not intend to occupy the Senate with a discus-
| sion of those varieties of topics which naturally
! enforce themselves upon my attention in consider-
I ing this subject. It must have occurred to every-
| body how utterly impotent the Congress of the
United States now is for any purpose whatever,
but that of yielding to the Piesident every demand
which he makes for men and money, unless they
assume that only position which is left—that which,
in the history of other countries, in times favorable
to human liberty, has been so often resorted to as
a check upon arbitrary power—with holding money,
refusing to grant the services of men when de-
manded for purposes which are not deemed to be
proper.
When I review the doctrines of the majority
here, and consider their application to the existing
i war, I confess I am at a loss to determine whether
the world is to consider our conduct'as a ridicu-
lous farce, or be lost in amazement at such absurd-
ity in a people calling themselves free. The
President, without asking the conscnt of Congress,
involves us in war, and the majoajfcy here, without
| reference to the justice or necessity of the war,
j call upon us to grant men and money at the pleas-
; lire of the President, who, they say, is charged
j with the duty of carrying on the war and lespon-
; sible for its result. If we grant the means thus
j demanded, the President can carry forward this
| war for any end, or from any motive, without
! limit of time or place.
! With these doctrines for our guide, I will thank
j any Senator to furnish me with any means of cs-
[ caping from the prosecution of this or any other
war, for an hundred years to come, if it please the
President who shall be, to continue it so long. Tell
me, ye who contend that, being in war, duty de-
mands of Congress for its prosecution all the
money and every able-bodied man in America to
■ carry it on if need be, who also contend that it is
the right of the President, without the control of
i Congress, to march your embodied hosts to Monte-
| rev, to Yucatan, to Mexico, to Panama, to China,
; and that under penalty of death to the officer who
i disobeys him—tell me, I demand it of you—tell
! me, tell the American people, tell the nations of
! Christendom, what is the difference between your
! American Democracy and the most odious, most
! hateful despotism, that a merciful God has ever
! allowed a nation to be afflicted with since govern-
' ment on earth began ? You may call this free gov-
i emment, but it is such freedom, and no other, as
' of old was established at Babylon, at Susa, at
< Bactnana, or Persepolis. Its parallel is scarcely to
| be found when thus falsely understood, in any
: even the worstforms of civil polity in modern times.
1 Sir, it is not so; such is not your Constitution; it
I is something else, something other and better than
j this.
I have looked at this subject with a painful en-
j deavor to come to the conclusion, if possible, that
i it was my duty, as a Senator of the United States,
; finding the country in war, to <l fight it out," as
! we say in the common and popular phrase of the
; times, to a just and honorable peace ! I could very
• easily concede that to be my duty if I found my
j country engaged in a just war—in a war necessary
i even to protect that fancied honor of which you
talk so much. I then should have some apology in
the judgment of my country, in the determination
J of my conscience, and in that appeal which you
1 and I, and all of us must soon be required to make
before a tribunal, where this vaunted honor of the
Republic, I fear me, will gain but little credit as a
defence to any act we may perform here in the
Seriate of the United States.
But when I am asked to say whether T will pros-
ecute a war, I'cannot answer that question, yea or
nay, until I have determined whether that wa$ a
