226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. II,
29th Cong 2d Sess
The Mexican War—Mr. Corwin.
Senate-
people, inlisting its young men, and marching- ufT j
two thousand miles to fight a people merely to be I
paid for it in money? What is this but hunting a ;
market for blood, selling the lives of your young ]
men, marching them in regiments to be slaughtered j
and paid for, like oxen and brute beasts ? Sir, ;
this is, when stripped naked, that atrocious idea j
first promulgated in the President's message, and !
now advocated here, of fighting on till we can get 1
our indemnity for the past as well as the present !
slaughter. We have chastised Mexico, and if it [
were worth while to do so, we have, I dare say, t
satisfied the world that we can fight. What now ! j
Why, the motheis of America are asked to send :
another of their sons to blow out the brams of:
Mexicans, because they refuse to pay the price of
the first who fell theie, fighting for glory! And ;
what if the second fall too? The Executive, the ,
parental reply is, "we shall have him paid for; we j
shall get full indemnity !" Sir, I have no patience .
with this flagitious notion' of fighting formdemnity,
and this under the equally absurd and hypocritical
pretence of securing an honorable peace. An hon-
orable peace ! If you have accomplished the ob-
jects of the weir, (if, indeed, you had an object
which yo*i dare to avow,) cease to fight, and you
will have peace. Conquer your insane love of
false glory, and you will ''conquer a peace." Sir,
if your commander-in-chief will not do this, 1 will !
endeavor to compel him, and as I find no other
means, I shall refuse supplies—without the money
of the people, lie cannot go further. He asks me
for that money; I wish him to bring your armies
home, to cease .shedding blood fur money; if he
refuses, 1 will refuse supplies, and then 1 know he
must, he will cease his further sale of the h\es of
my countrymen. May we not, ought we not now
to do this? I can hear no reason why we should
not, except this, it is said that we are in war,
wrongfully it may be, hut, bc-in^ in, the President
is responsible, and we must give him the means
he requires! He responsible! Sir, we, w are
responsible, if, having power to stay this plague,
wc refuse to do so. When it shall be so—when
the American Senate and the American House of
Representatives can stoop from their high posi-
tion, and yield a dumb compliance with the be-
hests of a President, who is for the time being
commander of your army; when they will open
the treasury with one hand, and the veins of
all the soldiers in the land with the other, merely
because the President commands, then, sir, it mat-
ters little how soon some Cromwell shall come into
this Hall and say, "the Lord hath no further need
of you here." When we fail to do the work
"whereunto we were sent," wo shall be, we oujjht
to be removed, and give place to others who will.
The fate of the barren fig-tree will be ours—Christ
cursed it and it withered.
Mr. President, I dismiss this branch of the sub-
ject, and beg the indulgence of the Senate to some
reflections on the particular bill now under consid-
eration. I voted for a bill somewhat like the pre-
sent at the last session—our armv was then in tiie
neighborhood of our line. I tnen hoped thot the
President did sincerely desne a peace. Our army
had not then penetrated far into Mexico, and 1 did
hope, that with the two millions then proposed,
wc might get peace,- and avoid the slaughter, the
shame, the crime, of an aggressive, unprovoked
war. But now you have overrun haif of Mexico—
you have exasperated and irritated her |>eoplp—
' you claim indemnity for all expenses incuned in
doing this mischief, and boldly ask her to give up
New Mexico and California, and, as a bribe to her
patriotism, seizing on her pi operty, yon offer three
millions to pay the soldiers she has called out to
repel j'our invasion, on condition that she will give
up to you ai least one-third of her whole territory.
This i.s the modest, I should say, the monstrous
proposition now before us, as explained by the
chairman of the Commuter on Foreign Relations,
[Mr. Sevier,] who rep<utud the bill. X cannot
now give my assent to this.
But, sir, f do not believe y<>u will succeed. I
am not informed of your prospects; of success with
this measure of peace. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations tells us that he has
every reason to believe that peace can be obtained
if wc grant this appropriation. What reason have
you, Mr. Chairman, for that opinion? "Facts
which I cannot disclose to you—correspondence
which it would be improper to name here—facts
which I know, but which you are not permitted to
know, have satisfied the committee, that peace
may be purchased, if you will but grant these three
millions of dollars." Now, Mr. President, I wish
to know if I am required to act upon such opinions
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, formed upon facts which he refuses to dis-
close to me? No ! I must know the facts before I
can form my judgment. But I am to take it for
granted that there must be some prospect of an end
to this dreadful war—.for it is a dreadful war, be-
ing, as I believe in my conscience it is, an unjust
war. Is it possible that for three millions you can
purchase a peace with Mexico? How? By the
purchase of California? Mr. President, I know
not what facts the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs may have had access to. I know ]
not what secret agents have been whispering into
the ears of the authorities of Mexico; but of one
thing I am certain, that by a cession of California
and New Mexico, you never can purchase a peace
with her.
You may wrest provinces from Mexico by war;
you may hold them by the right of the strongest;
you may rob her; but a treaty of peace to that
effect with the people of Mexico, legitimately and
freely made, you never will have ! I thank God that
it is so, as well for the sake of the Mexican people
as ourselves; forunlike the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Bagby,] I do not value the life of a citizen
of the United States above the lives of an hundred
thousand Mexican women and children—a rather
cold sort of philanthropy m my judgment. For the
sake of Mexico, then, as well as our own country,
I rejoice that it is an impossibility, that you can
obtain by treaty fjom her those territories, under
the existing state of things.
1 am somewhat at a loss to know on what plan
of operations gentlemen having charge of this war
intend to proceed. We hear much said of the ter-
ror of your arms. The affrighted Mexican, it is
said, when you shall have drenched his country in
blood, will sue for peace, and thus you will indeed
" conquer peacc." This is the heroic and savage
tone in which wc have heretofore been lectured lay
our friends on the other side of the Chamber, es-
| pecially by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
| But suddenly the rhairman of the Committee on
: Foreign Relations comes to us with the smooth
phrase of diplomacy, made potent by the gentle
suasion of <ro!d The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs calls for thirty millions of
money and ten thousand regular troops; those, we
aie assured, shall " conquer peace,''if the obsti-
nate Celt refuses to treat till we shall whip him in
another field of blood. What a delightful scene
m the nineteenth century of the Chnstian era!
What an interesting sight to see these two reprc-
j sentauves of war and peace moving in grand pro-
| cession thiough the halls of the Montezumas! The
I Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] red with the
! blood of recent slaughter, the gory spear of Achilles
! in his hand, and the hoarse clarion of war in his
J mourh, blowing a blast "so loud and deep55 that
| the shaping echoes of the lofty Cordilleras start
from their caverns and return the sound, tilt every
ear from Panama to Santa Fe is deafened with the
roar. By his side, with modest mien and down-
cast look,'1 conies the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Sevier,] covered from head to foot with a
gorgeous robe, glittering and embossed with three
millions of sinning gold, putting to shame " the
wealth of Ormus or of Ind.5' The olh e of Minerva
graces his brow; in his right hand is the delicate
rebeck, from which are breathed in Lydian meas-
ure notes " that tell of naught but love and peace.5'
I fear very much you will scarcely be able to ex-
plain to the simple, savage mind of the half-civil-
ized Mexicans, the puzzling dualism of this scene,
at once gorgeous and grotesque. Sir, I scarcely
understand the meaning of all this myself. If we
are to vindicate our rights by battles—in bloody
fields of war—let us do it. If that is not the plan,
why, then, let us call back our armies into our own
territory, and propose a treaty with Mexico, based
upon the proposition that money is better for her
and land is better for us. Thus we can treat
Mexico like an equal, and do honor to ourselves.
But what is it you ask' You have taken from
Mexico one-fourth of her teriitory, and you now
propose to run a line comprehending about another
third, and for what? I ask, Mr. President, for
what? What has Mexico got from you, for part-
ing with two-thirds of her domain ? She has given
you ample redress for every injury of which you
have complained. She has submitted to the award
of your commissioners, and up to the time of the
rupture with Texas, faithfully paid it. And for
all that she has lost, (not through or by you, but
which loss has been your gain,) what requital do
we, her strong, rich,robust neighbor, make? Do
we send our missionaries there " to point the way
to Heaven ?" Or do we send the schoolmasters to
pour daylight into her dark places, to aid her infant
strength to conquer freedom, and reap the fruit of
the independence herself alone had won ? No, no,
none of this do we. But we send regiments, storm
towns, and our colonels prate of liberty in the
midst of the solitudes their ravases have made.
They proclaim the empty forms of social compact
to a people bleeding and maimed with wounds re-
ceived in defending their hearthstones against the
invasion of these very men who shoot them down,
and then exhort them to be free. Your chaplains
of the navy throw aside the New Testament and
seize a bill of rights. The Rev. Don Walter Col-
ton, I see, abandons the Seimon on the Mount and
betakes himself to Blackstone and Kent, and is
elected a justice of the peace! He takes military
possession of some town in California, and instead
of teaching the plan of the atonement and the way
of salvation to the poor ignorant Celt, he presents
Colt's pistol to his ear, and calls on him to take
" trial by jury and habeas corpus/5 or nine bullets
in his head. Oh, Mr. President, are you not the
lights of the earth, if not its salt? Yon, you are
indeed opening the eyes of the blind in Mexico
with a most emphatic and exoteric power. Sir,
if all this were not a sad, mournful truth, it would
be the very "ne plus ultra" of the ridiculous.
But, sir, let us see what, as the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations explains it, we are
to get by the combined processes of conquest and
treaty.
What is the territory, Mr, President, which you
propose to wrest from Mexico ? It is consecrated
to the heart of the Mexican by many a well-fought
battle with his old Castihan master. His Bunker
Hills,and Saratogas, and Yorktowns, are there!
The Mexican can say, 4< There I bled for liberty!
and shall I surrender that consecrated home of my
affections to the Anglo-Saxon invaders ? What do
they want with it? They have Texas already.
They have possessed themselves of the territory
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande. What
else do they want? To what shall I point my chil-
dren as memorials of that independence which I
bequeath to them when those battle-fields shall
have passed from my possession?"
•Sir, had one come and demanded Bunker Hill
of the people of Massachusetts, had England's
Lion ever showed himself there, is there a man
over thirteen and under ninety who would not
have been ready to meet him ? Is there a river on
this continent that would not have run red with
blood ? Is there a field but would have been piled
high with the unburied bones of slaughtered Ameri-
cans before these consecrated battle-fields of liberty
should have been wrested from us ? But this same
American goes into a sister republic and says to
poor, weak Mexico, " Give up your territory, you
are unwoithy to possess it; I have got one-half
already, and all I ask of you is to give up the
other!" England might as well, in the circum-
stances I have described, have come and demanded
of us, " Give up the Atlantic slope—£tve up this
trifling territory from the Alleghany Mountains to
the sea; it is only from Maine to St. Mary's—only
about one-third of your republic, and the least in-
teresting portion of it." What would be the re-
sponse? They would say, we must give this up
to John Bull. Why? t£ He wants room." The
Senator from Michigan says he must have this.
Why, my worthy Christian brother, on what prin-
ciple of justice? " I want room !"
Sir, look at this pretence of want of room. With
twenty million# of people, you have about one
thousand millions of acres of land, inviting settle-
ment by every conceivable aigument, bringing
them down to a quarter of a dollar an acre, and
allowing every man to squat where he pleases.
But the Senator from Michigan says we will be
two hundred millions in a few years, and we want
