1847.]
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
217
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Corwin.
Senate.
room. If I were a Mexican I would tell you,
" Have you not room in your own country to bury
your dead men ? If you come into mine, we will
greet you with bloody hands, and welcome you to
hospitable graves."
Why, says the chairman of this Committee on
Foreign Relations, it is the most reasonable thing
in the world ! We ought to have the Bay of San
Francisco. Why? Because it is the best harbor
on the Pacific! It has been my fortune, Mr. Presi-
dent, to have practised agood deal in criminal courts
in the course of my life, but I never yet heard a
thief, arraigned for stealing a horse, plead that it
was the best horse that he could find in the coun-
try! We want California. What for? Why, says
the Senator from Michigan, we will have it; and the
Senator from South Carolina, with a very mistaken
view, I think, of policy, says you can't keep our
people from going there. I don't desire to prevent
them. Let them go and seek their happiness in
whatever country or clime it pleases them.
AH I ask of them is, not to require this Govern-
ment to protect them with that banner consecrated
to war waged for principles—eternal, enduring
truth. Sir, it is not meet that our old flag should
throw its protecting folds over expeditions for lucre
or for land. But you still say you want room for
your people. This has been the plea of every rob-
ber chief from Nimrod to the present hour. I dare
say when Tamerlane descended from his throne
built of seventy thousand human skulls, and march-
ed his ferocious battalions to further slaughter, I
dare say he said, " 1 want room." Bajazet was
another gentleman of kindred tastes and wants
with us Anglo Saxons—he "wanted room." Alex-
ander, too, the mighty " Macedonian madman,"
when lie wandered with his Greeks to the. plains
of India, and fought a bloody battle on the very
ground where recently England and the Sikhs en-
gaged in strife for "room," was, nodoubt, m quest
of some California there. Many a Monterey had 1
he to storm to get "room." Sir, he made quite as j
much of that sort of history as you ever will. Mr. j
President, do you remember the last chapter in i
that history? It is soon read. Oh, I wish we j
could but understand its moral. Amnion's son,
(so was Alexander named,) after all his victories,
died drunk in Babylon ! The vast empire he con-
quered to " get room," became the prey of the
Generals he had trained; it was disparted, torn to
pieces, and so ended. Sir, there is a very signifi-
cant appendix; it is this: The descendants of the
Greeks, of Alexander's Greeks, are now governed
by a descendant of Attila! Mr. President, while
we are fighting for room, let us ponder deeply this
appendix. I was somewhat amazed the other day
to hear the Senator from Michigan declare, that
Europe had quite forgotten us, till these battles
waked them up. I suppose the Senator feels grate-
ful to the President for "waking up" Europe.
Does the President, who is, I hope, read in civic as
well as military lore, remember the saying- of one
who had pondered upon history long; long, too,
upon man, his nature and true destiny. Montes-
quieu did not think highly of this way of "waking
up.". "Happy," says he, "is that nation whose
annals are tiresome.'
The Senator from Michigan has a different view
of this. He thinks that a nation is not distinguish-
ed until it is distinguished in war. He fears that
the slumbering faculties of Europe have not been
able to ascertain that there are twenty millions of
Anglo Saxons here, making railroads and canals,
and speeding all the arts of peace to the utmost
accomplishment of the most refined civilization !
They do not know it! And what is the wonderful
expedient which this Democratic method of making
histoiy would adopt, in order to make us known ?
Storming cities, desolating peaceful, happy homes;
shooting men—ay, sir, such is war—and shooting
women too.
Sir, I have read, in some account of your battle
of Monterey, of a lovely Mexican girl, who, with
the benevolence of an angel in her bosom, and the
robust courage of a hero in her heart, was busily
engaged, during the bloody conflict—amid the
crash of falling houses, the groans of the dying,
and the wild shriek of battle—in carrying water to
slake the burning thirst of the wounded of either
host. While bending over a wounded American
soldier, a cannon ball struck her, and blew her to
atoms ! Sir, I do not charge my brave, generous-
hearted countrymen, who fought that fight, with
this. No, no. We who send them—we who
know that scenes like this, which might send tears
of sorrow "down Pluto's iron cheek," are the
invariable, inevitable attendants on war—we are
accountable for this; and this—this is the way we
are to be made known to Europe. This—this is
to be the undying renown of free, republican Ame-
rica: " She has stormed a city, killed many of its
inhabitants of both sexes—she has room !" So it
will read. Sir, if this were our only history, then
may God of his mercy grant that its volume may
speedily come to a close.
Why is it, sir, that we of the United States, a
people of yesterday, compared with the older
nations of the world, should be waging war for ]
territory, for "room?" Look at your country, j
extending from the Alleghany Mountains to the j
Pacific Ocean, capable itself of sustaining in com- j
fort a larger population than will be in the whole j
Union for one hundred years to come. Over this ;
vast expanse of territory your population is now ;
so sparse, that I believe we provided at the last
session a regiment of mounted men to guard the
mail, from the frontier of Missouri to the mouth
of the Columbia; and yet you persist m the ridu'u- ,
lous assertion, "I want room." One would im-
agine, from the frequent reiteration of the complaint,
that you had a bursting, teeming population, whose .
energy was paralyzed, whose enterprise was t
crushed, for want of space. Why should we be ,
so weak or wickcd as to offer this idle apology for
ravaging a neighboring republic! It will impose
on no one, at home or abroad.
! Do we not know, Mr. President, that it is a law,
i never to he repealed, that falsehood shall be short
! lived ? Was it not ordained of old, that truth only
i shall abide forever ? Whatever we may say to-
j day, or whatever we may write in our books, the
| stern tribunal of history will review it all, detect
j falsehood, and bring us to judgment before that
I posterity which shall bless or curse us, as we may
I act note, wisely or otherwise. We may hide m
! the grave (which awaits us all) m vain; we may
i hope there, like the foolish bird that hides its head
j in the sand, in the vain belief that its body is nut
; seen; yet even theie, this pieposterous excuse of
j want of "room" shall be laid bare, and the quick-
commg future will decide that it was a hypocritical
pretence, under which we sought to conceal the
avarice which prompted us to covet and to seize,
by force, that which was not ours.
Mr. President, this uneasy desire to augment our
territory has depraved the moral sense, and bhehted
the otherwise keen sagacity of our people. What
has been the fate of all nations, who have acted
i upon the idea that they must advance ? Our young
| orators cherish this notion with a fervid, but fatally
i mistaken zeal. They call it by the mysterious name
of "destiny." "Our destiny," they say, is on-
ward ; and hence they argue, with ready sophistry,
the propriety of seizing upon any territory and any
people that may lie in the way of our " fated" ad-
vance. Recently, these progressives have grown
classical; some assiduous student of antiquities has
helped them to a patron saint. They have wan-
dered back into the desolated Pantheon, and there,
amongst the Polytheistic relics of that "palemollier
of dead empires," they have found a god whom
these Romans, centuries gone by, baptized "Ter-
minus."
Sir, I have heard much and read somewhat of
J this gentleman Terminus. Alexander, of whom I
have spoken, was a devotee of this divinity. We
[j have seen the end of him and his empire. It was
!; said to be an attribute of this god, that he must
ji always advance, and never recede. So both rcpubh-
lj can and imperial Rome believed. It was, as they ;
|l said, their destiny. And for a while it did seem |j
'i to be even so. Roman Termirms did advance, i
j; Under the eagles of Rome, he was carried from -
ij his home on the Tiber to the farthest East, on the
j! one hand, and to the far West, amongst the then ;
1; barbarous tribes of western Europe, on the other.
II But at length the time came when retributive jus- .
tice had become "a destiny." The despised Gaul
calls out to the contemned Goth, and Attila, with ;
his Huns, answers back the battle-shout to both, j
The "blue-eyed nations of the Worth," in succes- .
sion, or united, pour forth their countless hosts of ;
warriors upon Rome and Rome's always advan- i
cmg god Terminus. And now the battle-axe of |
the barbarian strikes down the conquering eagle
of Rome. Terminus at last recedes, slowly at first,
but finally he is driven to Rome, and. from Rome
to Byzantium. Whoever would know the further
fate of this Roman deity, so recently taken under
the patronage of American Democracy, may find
ample gratification of his curiosity in the luminous
pages of Gibbon's "Decline and Fall." Such will
find that Rome thought as you now think, that it
was her destiny to conquer provinces and nations,
arid no doubt she sometimes said as you say, " I
will conquer a peace," And where now is she,
the Mistress of the World? The spider weaves
his web in her palaces, the owl sings his watch-
song in her towers* Teutonic power now lords it
over the servile remnartt, the miserable memento
of old and once omnipotent Rome. Sad, very sad,
are the lessons which time has written for us.
Through and in them all I see nothing but the in-
flexible execution of that old law, which ordains,
as eternal, that cardinal rule, "Thou shalt not covet
thy neighbor's goods, nor anything which is his."
Since I have lately heard so much about the dis-
memberment of Mexico, I have looked back, to
see how, in the course of events which some call
" Providence," it has fared with other nations who
engaged m this work of dismemberment. I see that
in the latter half of the eighteenth century, three
powerful nations—Russia, Austria, and Prussia-
united in the dismemberment of Poland. They
said, too, as you say, " it is our destiny." They
" wanted room." Doubtless each of these thought,
with his share of Poland, his power was too strong
ever to fear invasion, or even insult. One had his
California, another his Now Mexico, and the third
his Vera Cruz. Did they remain untouched and"
incapable of harm ? Alas ! no; far, very far, from
it. Retributive justice must fulfil its destiny too.
A very few years pass off, and we hear of a new
man, a Corsican lieutenant, the self-named "arm-
ed soldier of democracy"—Napoleon. He rava-
ges Austria, covers her land with blood, drives the
I northern Ca:sar from his capital, and sleeps in his
| palace. Austria may nowiemember how her power
| trampled upon Poland. Did she not pay dear, very
| dear, for her California?  
But has Prussia no atonement to make? You
see tins same Napoleon, the blind instrument of
Providence, at work there. The thunders of his
cannon at Jena proclaim the work of letribution
for Poland's wrongs; and the successors of the
Great Frederick, the drill-sergeant of Europe, are
seen flying across the sandy plain that surrounds
their capital, right glad if, they may escape cap-
tivity or death. But how fares it with the Auto-
crat of Russia ? Is he secure in lus share of the
spoils of Poland? No. Suddenly we see, sir,
six hundred thousand armed men marching to
Moscow. Does bis Veia Cruz protect him now ?
Far from it. Blood, slaughter, desolation spread
abroad over the land, and finally the conflagration
of the old commercial metropolis of Russia closes
the retribution: she must pay for her share m the
dismemberment of her weak and impotent neigh-
bor. Mr. President, a mind more prone to look
for the judgments of Heaven, m the doings of
men, than mine, cannot fail in this to see thePiov-
idcnce of God. When Moscow burned, it seemed
as if the earth was lighted up that the nations
| might behold the scene. As that mighty sea of
| fire gathered and heaved, and rolled upwards, and
I vet higher, till its flames licked the stars, and fired
the whole heavens, it did seem as though the God
of the nations was writing, in characters of flame,
on the front of his throne, that doom that shall fall
upon the strong nation, who tramples m scorn
upon the weak. And what fortune awaits him,
the appointed executor of this work, when it was
all done? He, too, <.onrei\ed the notion that his
destiny pointed onward to universal dominion.
France was too small—Europe, he thought, should
bow down before him. But as soon as this idea
took possession of his soul, he too becomes pow-
erless. His Terminus must recede too. Right
there, while he witnessed the humiliation, and
doubtless meditated the subjugation of Russia, he
who holds the winds m his fast, gathered the snows
of the North, and blew them uponhis six hundred
thousand men—they fled—they fioze—they per-
ished. And now the mighty Napoleon, who had
resolved on universal dominion, he too is summon-
ed to answer for the violation of that ancient law,
