1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
this occasion, nor any examination into the facts.
If they had thus the right to exclude, they had
the right to punish by other means than expulsion.
If the printer to this body had acted inconsistent
with his character and relations to that body, it
would have been very easy to have referred the
matter to a committee, by whom he could have
been heard in his defence and witnesses ex-
amined.
Mr. BUTLER rose and asked permission to say
that he distinctly submitted a proposition to refer
the matter to a committee, but it was declined by
Mr. Ritchie's friends. *
Mr. HOUSTON. Such a proposition was not
actcd upon. No such resolution was passed.
Mr. BUTLER admitted that it was not passed,
but it was offered; and Mr. Ritchie said in his
paper he would not have gone before such a com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then it was what he had
said—a condemnation without trial. Mr. Ritchie
was condemned without a hearing, and for what?
For publishing an article, signed " Vindicator,"
alleging certain things against the Senate. Well,
this body was amenable to public opinion as well as
an individual of society. They had no exemption
from public opinion. They were amenable to it.
Though termed the " Supreme Legislature" by the
advocates of this power, they possessed not the rie;ht
which they had assumed to exercise. The rights
of the citizen are well ascertained and defined, and
their privileges are well understood; and whenever
this body shall define its privileges, the citizen will
have some guide to direct him. But though this
exclusion neither affected Mr. Ritchie in his purse
nor in his person, it was an indignity—a chastise-
ment—and it must be viewed as an encroachment
on the freedom of the press. He was not an ad-
vocate for the licentiousness of the press; but he
would rather see it increased, if possible, than see
this body assume a right which did not belong to
it. Such an exercise of power, such an assump-
tion of right, was dangerous. But there was no
danger to be apprehended from the licentiousness
of the press. There was a conflict among editors
which would lead to the detection and exposure of
falsehood. Their warfare differed from an as-
sumption of power by the Senate, when it was
directed against an individual. If the object of the
Senate was to redress a grievance, it had signally
failed. It would not check the licentiousness of
the press; and though one man might be the vic-
tim here, yet public opinion would vindicate and
sustain him abroad. The punishment of the Sen-
ate might fall on a man who had rendered himself
obnoxious as a party man; but a man who has
been an advocate of principles which he believes
to be right for the last half century, will not be
induccd, by all the terrors of the machinery of this
Senate, to abandon those principles. Thev have
grown with his growth and strengthened with his
strength, and will remain unchanged in his decli-
ning years. Such an individual would be sustained
by the people; for, however proud they might be
of their representatives on this floor, they were
equally proud of the liberties of the citizen. What-
ever trenches on the rights of the citizen, will never
be sanctioned and approved by an intelligent peo-
ple, no matter by whom attempted.
In the course of the remarks which have been
indulged in on this floor, Texas has been alluded
to—not only its original settlement, but its progress
and various mutations up to the present moment.
It was true that her history had been one of pecu-
liar interest and of peculiar enterprise and peculiar
vicissitudes; for though she may have enjoyed her
sunny days, gloom and darkness have rested upon
her, and calamities have impeded her progress. It
had been said that the citizens of Texas had gone
to that country to assail others' rights. They went
there on the invitation of the Mexican Govern-
ment, to live under a constitution recognised by
the world as fiee and republican—a constitution
assimilated to the one under which they had had
the happiness to live. They went not as vaga-
bonds. They went not to despoil Mexico of her
territory, or to rob any portion of mankind of their
rights. They went under a grant made to Moses
Austin in the year 1821, which was confirmed to
Stephen F. Austin, his son. Three hundred fami-
lies went under grants made by Mexico; for it was
then the policy of the Mexican Government to
colonize Texas by American citizens. JNo less
than seven grants were made, some to inhabitants
of Great Britain, and some to citizens of the United
States. They were invited there, and for what
purpose ? Was it to receive a gracious boon, and
to make no requital ? Was it to wrest from Mex-
ico her domain, and live regardless of law and con-
stitution ? No. They went to settle and populate
a wilderness. A wilderness surrounded only by
ordinary influences and inconveniences? Not so.
The Indians had so pressed on the settlements of
Mexico that towns which had been populous,
towns which had consisted of fifteen or sixteen
thousand souls, were reduced to mere hamlets.
The Indians were pressing in on every side. They
had no frontier, for every village was encircled and
surrounded by savage tribes, from the seaboard to
the interior. They were pressed upon to such a
degree, that after the Mexican revolution was well
over, they were not in a situation to resist the pres- j
sure of the Indians, and became subject to their '
control. Mexico, in this dilemma, aware of the
hardy and enterprising character of the Anglo-
American race, made the grants to those colonists,
and guarantied to them all the rights, privileges,
and immunities of their constitution. They were
offered homes and a free Government; and these
were the inducements to the North American race
to occupy the wilderness of Texas. They went
there. War succeeded war, and the Indian tribes
were repelled. They reclaimed the wilderness,
and it became cultivated fields, producing happi-
ness and prosperity for civilized man. They were
industrious, moral, and honest. They had sworn
to support the constitution of 1824, and they sub-
mitted to every inconvenience that, could be re-
quired of them. In this situation they remained
until 1833, when, as a State, thev desired to obtain
a constitution, and enjoy the rights of representa-
tion under the constitution of 1824. But when
they respectfully petitioned for their right4?, and
formed a constitution in conformity with the con-
stitution of Mexico, and sent a legate for that pur-
pose, he was incarcerated for months, and for
years their rights were disregarded. In the mean-
time, the constitution of 1824 was, by the usurper
SantaAnna, after successive convulsions, subvert-
ed, and a dictatorial government substituted in its
stead.
In this the people of Texas were quiescent.
They were submissive—and why? They hoped
to see the restoration of the constitution of 1894.
They expected to see the power of the tyrant de-
stroyed, and that they should again enjoy their
liberties. They were willing to endure the incon- i
veniences which arose from the convulsive throes i
of the military despots who succeeded each other, |
even to the last extremity. But that was not suf- j
ficient. They were known to be an enterprising j
; people. They had made an impress on Mexico, J
] and on her beautiful prairies. They had made an j
j impress that would never be effaced while human j
i intelligence and enterprise were permitted to roam j
, abroad in the earth, or their influence be felt in :
| those verdant spots of nature. Mexico saw they i
i were an enterprising people, and that they were i
i loyal and law-abiding; and the despot determined !
I to subjugate them to his will while they were yet 1
! few in numbers. Not only had he oppressed them,
i but he went so far as even to incarcerate their iep-
i resentative. Their wrongs were felt, but the peo-
i ole were still loyal to the constitution, though not
1 to the tyrannical Government. They did not re-
; nounce Mexico, but in firm remonstrance, tlioy
j invoked an indulgence in their rights. The tyrant
I resolved to subjugate them, though no act of lebel-
i lion had been committed. With a well-appointed
, and numerous army, he resolved on their extermi-
I nation from the earth. There was not one who
! uttered the English accent that he intended should
, remain west of the Sabine, unless it might be one
I who might consent to be his supple tool, and con-
i spire against the rights of his country.
| Before Santa Anna could advance on Texas, it
! was necessary that other portions of Mexico, still
; adhering to the constitution of 1824. should be sub-
! dued; and therefore he threatened them with over-
throw. But as several States at home were in a
state of rebellion, he could not leave them to ad-
vance on Texas, it was, however, important that
Zacatecas, one of the most respectable, should be
made an example; and she, standing prominent in
the confederacy of Mexican States, was made the
first victim.
That it might be known what just cause Texas
had for apprehension, he would read an extract
from an historical sketch by a writer of high re-
spectability, from which it would appear that the
despot found that it was impossible to succeed in
the overthrow of Zacatecas by valor and chivalry;
so he determined to destroy her liberties by other
agencies—by sending to her officers who had been
m his army. They went to the capital of Zaca-
tecas, and insinuated themselves as the friends of
the rights of that State, and offered to aid them in
taking up arms; and how they requited the confi-
dence of that brave and generous people, this ex-
tract will give a particular narrative:
" Zacatecas, where, in some of the darkest periods of (lie
revolution, hbeitybad found a last refuge, again served as a
rallying point for a few faithful votaries now remaining
among the degenerate Mexicans. An in my of 5,000 men,
composed pnneipally of the militia of the State, were, as-
sembled near the city of Zacatecas, prepared to resist the
authomy of the tyrant. Mexico had drawn its be&i troops
from Zaeatecas. In the long eonte&twith the mothfei coun-
try, no part of Mexico had mad.? equal sacrifices in aid of
thp common eau«e. The blow which robbed them of that
libei ty which was so dear to them, and which they had
well meuted by their liberal outpourings of blood and treas-
ure, must have been keenly telt tiom whatever hand it nriy
have come, and douhlv >o fiom th0 hand of the present
usurper, who was principally indebted to tnem for the means
of success aaainst Buftamente, and consequently for his
elevation to the Presidency. Thur vviongs were therefore
aggravated by the Mini? of ingiatitude. Santa Anna well
knew the character of the peonle he had to encounter, and
the ppirit which would animate them on the present occa-
sion; he therefore piepared to accomplish by the basest
treachery what he feared to attempt in a fan contest. Sev-
eral officer.-, of the army, pretending to be unwilling to aid
the President in dcstrovingfhat constitution which they hud
sworn to suppoit, retained their commissions and repaired
to Zacatecas. and theio aflccted to join the people in sup-
posing the authority of the State. They offered their ser-
vice* to command the militia in the approaching contest,
which were accented; and thi« devoted hand of 5,000 men
was placed under their command. Santa Anna was now ap-
pi i zed of the success of bis stiatageni, and advanced with a
Mipcrioi foice, while his pioyie^ wih concealed from the
Zaeinecans by the tieacheion-- officers, until th<w weie sur-
lounded and attacked; and thus more than half their num-
bei were hteiailv cut to pieces before they had an oppo>tu-
nny to make the lea^t lemt-taive , a few iallied to arm* and
made a desperate attempt to cheek the advance of the inva-
ders, but thev were driven befoie them into the citv of Za-
catecas, where tne victors- foi several dayi indulged them-
selves in excesses too shocking for recital. Foreigners, aa
well a* natives, who had taken no pai t m public affairs, and
who were quietly pursuing their avocations without inter-
meddling m anv manner with the political concern? of the
country, were butchered without ceremony,and their prop-
erty given up to the pillage ot the soldiery, or eonfi-eated to
the use of the officer*. When the tyrant had sufficiently
slutted his vengeance, the inhabitant* who had escaped the
.sword, submitted unconditionally to In* power."
This was placed before the eyes of Texas; these
acts were before the world. But in the year 1833
—for he would recur to that period when Texas
was roused to the most vigorous measures by acts
of usurpation of the stipendiaries of the Mexican
Grovernment, and bv extortion, under pretence of
giving titles to their lands, under the conditions of
the grants and of the laws of the republic—after
their money had been extorted from them, after
commission after commission had been sent, and
all the amount had been accumulated which was
desired, their agents were put in arrest. Commis-
sion after commission was sent; the citizens of
Texas contributed the required amount to obtain
the titles to their lands, and as often as they sent
were disappointed. But, in 1833, when it was
known that the despot had determined to exter-
minate the inhabitants of Texas, they organized a
convention—each municipality was represented;
they convened m October; and there they gave an
example to the world to enable it to determine if
they were a rebellions people. They were insult-
ed. They acted. A.nd bow did they act? They
formed a provisional constitution, assuming1 all the
rights that a State separated from other States
could do: and in their constitution they pledged
their lives, their honor, and all that was sacred, to
rally to the support of the constitution of 1824.
They invited other States of the confederacy to
rally with them. They did not assume the atti-
tude of an independent nation, although they
would have been justified in doing; so. They,
however, only adooted a provisional independence,
and pledged themselves to support the constitution
of 1824. They repelled force and resisted oppres-
sion: they did not rebel against the laws of the
republic, for they subscribed to us constitution,
and administered the laws of the republic over that
