220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
29th Cong...,.2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
territory as far as was- in their power. They had
not invaded Mexico. They had not assumed to
invade her territory; but they were deemed con-
tumacious in not submitting to the demands of a
tyrant.
Fi*om October, 1835, to March following, they
remained with a provisional government; not en-
croaching on the rights of Mexico, but merely or-
ganized themselves to give resistance to tyranny.
Every safeguard of their liberties had been broken
down, and all their rights had been trodden nuder
foot. Their arms had been demanded when they
were surrounded by a savage foe, and when many
of them depended on their rifle for the support of
their families, and for resistance to an invading
army. There was the*] no alternative left. They
must either yield an unconditional submission, or
submit to extermination. They resolved to stand
in the defence of their rights and privileges, and, on
the Sdof March, 1836, Texas declared herself sov-
ereign and independent of Mexico. The world saw
what was her condition. Was she acting under no
excitement ? Had she no danger to apprehend from
the resentment of Santa Anna? Were there no
armies marching to invade her rights? P^id not
Zacatecas fallen ? And if that*State could not es-
cape the malice of the monster, what had Texas to
hope but in her own-arms ? She had her inherent
rights to maintain and defend. The Alamo was
besieged on the 23d of February, 1836; by a well-
appointed army of nine thousand men, that fortress
was surrounded with its little hand of but about one
hundred and fifty men. Texas then felt that she
was about to be swept as with the besom of de-
struction; still she stood but on the defensive. Did
that look like rebellion ? She had acquired rights,
and the time had now come when she must defend
them; but Texas never rebelled. There were no
rebels there. They merely defended their rights
under the constitution; but it was a constitution
which was dissolved, perverted, and destroyed, and
Texas was resolved into her original elements like
the other States; and had Mexico ever had union
since? Where is Yucatan now? Talk of the in-
tegrity of the Mexican republic! Why, it is a
stain, a blot on constitutional liberty, to call Mexi-
co a republic. She presented a country distracted
ami severed, divided into numerous factions. Was
there not here, but the other day a minister from
Yucatan to negotiate with this Government5 Has
not California declared her independence? And
had not other States done the .-same ? And yet they
were to regard Mexico as an on^unzed and well-
established government, and as a nation of intelli-
gent men and patriots, who were willing to follow
the example of this Government. He protested
against such representations.
Under these circumstances, then, Texas was
placed. Shehad provocations as great as the origi-
nal thirteen States of this republic, when they
threw off the colonial vassalage to Great Britain.
Nay, look at her provocations, and they would be
found to be a stronger cause to drive a people to
resistance. But no one would impute dishonor to
the fathers of our own Revolution—to the patriots
of '76—nor could shame or dishonor be imputed
to the-people of Texas for vindicating their rights
and securing their liberties.
Our revolutionary fathers have acquired for
themselves immortal renown; their memories will
be revered by all ages; and to the last page of his-
tory, they will be recorded as the " primest men
that ever lived in the tide of time.1' And were the
Texana wrong in imitating such illustrious men,
in the vindication of their rights?
He could not for a moment agree with some
honorable members of this body, that the present
war was a war of the Executive of the United
States. He could not ao;ree that it was a war
brought on by the President of the United States,
and only by him. It was a war which grew out
of circumstances, which are now known to the
world. It was known before Texas was annexed,
that war would result. That was predicted again
and again. It was declared by the Mexican Min-
ister to this court, that war would be the instanta-
neous consequence of annexation. Jt was declared
by Mr. Socanegra, the Mexican Secretary of Statfe
for Foreign Relations, to Mr. Thompson, our Min-
ister at Mexico. Annexation by him was declared
to be a sufficient cause of war, and that it would
follow on the heels of annexation. Well, annex-
ation took place, and Mexico was pledged to de-
clare war, though at that moment, as far as Texas
was concerned, she was in a state of war, and
they could make nothing else of it! Mexico then
declared war prospectively against the United
States, and still the United State,s said they would
annex Texas. It must then be understood, that
from the moment annexation took place, these two
nations were towards each other as belligerants.
Was, then, the President justified in marching the
troops to the frontier of Texas? I contend that
he was. He was justified on every principle that
should actuate a nation, to occupy the territory as
far as the Rio Grande. That territory had been
understood to belong to Texas. Texas had under-
stood it to belong to her. She assumed that her
limits extended to the Rio Grande; and in 1836,
when she defined her boundaries more particularly,
she claimcd the Rio Grande to be her boundary.
This was before the recognition of her independ-
ence. She was entitled to that boundary, and she
had assumed and declared it to be as much her
territory as the land lying between the Sabine and
the Nueces.
But who had now set up this assumption of
right to the country lying between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande? Was it Me'xiko? Mexico never'
fixed the boundaries at the Nueces. Mexico con-
tended for no division of the territory; with her, it
was either all Mexican or none. If Texas did not
belong to the United States to the Rio Grande, no
territory belonged to her beyond the Sabine. Gen-
tlemen had said an intimation had been given that
if our army was not marched beyond the Nueces,
she would not consider it an aggression on her
rights. Why, the quarrel was about annexation.
Mexico insisted on her right as far as the Sabine,
whileTexas, by the rightof conquest and independ-
ence, claimed from the Sabine to the Rio Grande.
Texas preserved her independence. Texas exer-
cised her jurisdiction: and that jurisdiction was
recognised by England; for people of that country
appealed to Texas to recognise the grants made to
them to the Rio Grande, on which settlements had
been made, but had been broken up by the revolu-
tion and the disturbed state of the country. They
made application through the Minister of Great
Britain to the Government of Texas to receive
them, and ailow them to resume the possession of
their lands; and this was agreed to on the part of
Texas, without stipulation. This, then, would
show that England regarded Texas as entitled to
that portion of country lying between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande, and so recognised the juris-
diction of Texas as described by the law of 1836.
After annexation took place, if the President had
neglected to comply with the obligation to send a
force for the protection of Texas—if he had ne-
glected to give them that protection which, as an
independent people, they could have given them-
selves—he would have been recreant to his duty.
Mr. SEVIER interposed to ask the honorable
Senator from Texas, if, after the recognition of the
independence of Texas, General Felix Huston did
not keep possession of the country between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande with one hundred or
two hundred men ?
Mr. HOUSTON would answer the Senator from
| Arkansas with great pleasure. At the time referred
i to, Mr. H. was not with the army General Rusk
I was in command, and he despatched General F.
' Huston on that service. Colonel Hays, too, with
1 his rangers, occupied that country; and if there
: were any permanentMexican establishments there,
i he was not informed of it. It was a question never
ji mooted m Texas, as to the Nueces being the west-
ii ern boundary of Texas. The country beyond,
extending to the Rio Grande, was considered a
part of the republic of Texas; a post-office was
established in that territory; land was located be-
! tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande; their laws
! were extended to that country; and if their popu-
| lation did not extend all the way to the Rio Grande,
1 certainly the population of Mexico did not extend
1 to the Nueces, for there were no Mexican inhabi-
; tants there. After the battle of San Jacinto, Santa
i Anna was required to fall back, beyond the limits
| of Texas, to Monterey, and he acknowledged the
i boundary to be as they proclaimed it in 1836. He
•j made no question about it, but assumed the Rio
ij Grande to be the boundary, and ho other was dis-
h cussed. And when Texas was invaded by Vasquez
and his marauding parties, it was understood to be
an invasion of Texas, when he crossed the Rio
Grande. They were stationed on the other side of
the Rio Grande, and had no military establish-
ments in Texas. Whenever any invasion took
place by the Mexicans, they were either checked,
or repulsed, or pursued as fugitives across the Rio
Grande; and General Woll's army in 1842, would
have been taken, if it had not been for want of har-
mony amongst the Texan troops. It was attacked
and severely handled by the gallant Hays and
those under him, and compelled to retreat beyond
the Rio Grande.
Did the Texan Government consider that the
Rio Grande was not their boundary ? They con-
sidered crossing over the Nueces as no more than
passing over any other stream in their territory.
Texan rangers kept possession of that country,
and tribes of Indians were there—an agent of Texas
accompanying them. Texas, then, held posses-
sion of that country, while Mexico kept up no
military stations east of the Rio Grande. Texas
had no establishments west of the Rio Grande; but
when they invaded Mexico, they crossed the Rio
Grande at Laredo. Both nations considered the
Rio Grande to be the boundary. Whenever Mexi-
co threatened to invade Texas, terms were always
employed which showed the crossing of the Rio
Grande was considered an invasion; but Mexico
could never occupy that territory with her troops.
As further proof that the Rio Grande was the
boundary, Mr. H. referred to a proclamation issu-
ed under the orders of the Mexican Government
by General Woll, directing that any individual
whatever, who should be found beyond a league's
distance from the left bank of the Rio Bravo, should
be punished as a traitor. He referred, also, to
the occupancy of Point Isabel, and other circum-
stances, to establish the same point. He then pro-
ceeded.
Now, if the President, with a knowledge of all
these facts, had not taken the steps which he did,
he would have been justly chargeable with disre-
garding the rights of Texas. Texas at that time
had all the privileges, rights, and immunities of
any other member of this Confederacy. She was
at that time virtually a member of this Union.
Certain forms had been prescribed for her to ob-
serve before she could be admitted, and Texas
had conducted herself in conformity thereto, and
had, therefore, the right to claim the considera-
tion of this Government; and less than was ex-
tended to her would hatfe been injustice. If the
President had refused, Texas -would have had the
right to have rescinded all action on the joint reso-
lution, and considered it a fraud upon her, and a
transaction that had not been meditated in good
faith.
But it had been alleged that our General was in-
formed, previous to his advance from Corpus
Christi to the Rio Grande, that if he would not
cross the Arroyo Colorado there would be no act
of war. He had then passed over three-fourths of
the distance between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande, and to have acted on such an intimation
" would have left him in a position not defensible,
and where he could be surrounded and cut off—
for that Mexico meditated war there could be no
doubt. Did not Paredes write to $^ista express-
ing a hope that he was prepared to place himself at
once at the head of his army; and directing him
not to wait for the advance of the American army,
but to go and find it, and annihilate it wherever
found ? The Executive, then, had not transcended
either his power or his duty in stationing the army
at Corpus Chnsti, ormarchingit to the Rio Grande.
It could not be believed that the President did it to
i involve the two countries in war; but even if war
! was the inevitable result of the advance of the
army, he held that the President was bound to do
it. If we were to wait for any friendly indication
from Mexico towards Texas, he was apprehensive
we should wait a long time.
The President did not by any means go further
than his obligation to Texas required, or the joint
resolution implied, which had been entere'd into by
the preceding Administration. It was not neces-
sary to give the information to the Senate that the
Administration of Mr. Tyler took the initiatory
step to carry out the joint resolution on the evening
before his term expired, and that it was simply fol-
lowed up by the present Executive of the United
