1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
29th Cong '2d Sess.
The Mexican, War—Mr. Houston.
■ Senate.
States. Believing, then, as he did, that it was the
duty of the President to give the protection to Tex-
as which she desired, he must conclude that the
President would have been false to his trust, and
regardless of his obligations to the citizens of the
United States, it he had not done so. Anterior to
the time when annexation was before the authori-
ties here—when Texas was wooed and invited to
-us Mi'- Upshur wrote to the charge
d affaires of the United States in Texas, and gave
the Strongest assurances of regard and friendly
feeling towards her; and menaced her with doleful
consequences, if she did not consent; and by every
possible means of persuasion that wns decorous,
sought to induce the Government of Texas to ac-
cede to the proposition of the President of the Uni-
ted states, by reopening negotiations. The subject
had been suspended by the Government of Texas
or treated with apathy. She felt able to resist the
aggressions of Mexico. She thought she had bet-
ter remain a free, though humble Power, than to
come into a community of States where she was
not treated with cordial feeling- and hearty sympa-
thy. Leroro the Governmentof Texas would en-
tertain the application made by the Governmentof
the united States to send a minister to Washington
city to treat for annexation, the Executive of "that
country required, through her Secretary of State,
that the Government of the United States should
pledge itself that a squadron, sufficient, in the esti-
mation of the President of Texas, to meet a case
of war, should float on the Gulf, and that five hun-
dred cavalry and one thousand infantry should be
stationed on the ftootier of Texas, and that both
the land, and naval forces should be subject to the
order of the President of Texas.
But this was not deemed a sufficient guarantee
for lexas, and the President of the United Slates
was required to pledge himself that in case of the
lailure of annexation from any cause, the United
fetates would enter into a defensive alliance with
1 exas against Mexico.
T.he Minister of the United States in Texas, had
little hesitation in acceding to the requirement for
troops and a naval force, but in respect to the other
point, he wished to refer it to his Government, and
pioposed that the Executive of Texas should be
satisfied on that point by the Government of the
United States, after the Texan commissioner should
arnve at Washington, and before entering upon
negotiations. The President of Texas then de-
spatched an additional minister to the United
btates, to act with the minister previously sent,
and considered that all the requirements of Texas
had been complied with previous to entering into
negotiations. A letter had been written to Mr.
Upshur, then Secretary of State, ofthedate of 17th
January, 1844, but it remained in the State De-
partment until after the decease of Mr. Upshur,
unanswered. It was sent by Mr. Van Zandt, to
know what guarantees would be given; for Texas
considered that she would be regardless of her own
interests, if she entered into negotiations forannex-
ation without such guarantees, inasmuch as it
would certainly provoke hostilities with Mexico,
and expose her to all the hazards of a war.
^ Shortly after Mr. Henderson arrived in Wash-
ington city, a letter was addressed to Messrs. Hen-
derson and Van Zandt, the Ministers of Texas,
which he would read:
" Washington City, April 11. 1844.
"Gentlemen: The letter addtf^sed by Mr. Van Zandt
to the late Secietaryof State, Mr. Upshur, to which you
have called my attention, dated Washington, the l*7th of
January, 1844, has been laid before the President of the
United States.
[n reply to it, I am directed by the President to ?ay, that
the Secretary of the Navy has been liwtiucted lo Older a
fctiong naval force to conoo.tr.ife m the Gulf of Mexico, to
meet unit emergency; and that --miliar order* have been is-
sued by the Secretary of War to move the disposable mili-
tary foices on nut southwestern frontier for the same pur-
pope. Should the exigency ausc to which you ivfer in vout
note to Mr. Up-hur, I am further directed by the President
to say, that dm ins the pendency of the treaty of annexation
he would deem it hi  duty to use all the means within his
powei by the Constitution to protect Texas fiom all foreign
invasion. I have the honor to he, See., 59
"J. C. CALHOUN.
" To Messrs. I. Van Zandt and J. P. Henderson,
" Ministers from the Republic of Texas."
To meet any emergency." That emergency
was an invasion by Mexico.
This was written and signed by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] then
m the State Department; but it appeared that it
was not entirely satisfactory to those gentlemen.
They were desirous that nothing should be left to
construction, to explanation, to^inference, for the
situation of Texas was one of peculiar delicacy.
If the negotiation should be broken off between
the United States and -Texas, inevitably Prance
and England would regard Texas as compromised
to the United States; and it would take much time
.and care and assiduity to reassure them that Tex-
as would never get into the same predicament
again.
It appeared that, subsequently, instructions were
given to the army and navy; and the officer in com-
mand of the land forces, and Commodore Connor,
who was in command of the navy in the Gulf, did
put themselves in correspondence with the Execu-
tive of Texas. They were to be subject to the
President of Texas, and act at his bidding. If an
assurance to that effect had not been given to the
President of Texas, he never would have sent a
minister here, authorized to treat between the two
countries on that subject; for it was jeoparding the
best interests and the peace of Texas. The order
was therefoie given on the arrival of the Texan
Minister here, and before opening negotiations for
the treaty; and it was not said that the power way
to be limited which the President of Texas was to
exercise, so far as the army and the navy were
concerned; for they were both to be subject to his
orders; consequently, they were both to be em-
ployed for the protection of Texas, which was
then a foreign country. Texas was not then an-
nexed to the United States; and if Texas, then a
foreign country, was entitled to this assistance,
without any previous stipulation, surely the Presi-
dent ot the United States was justified in employ-
ing the army and the navy for that purpose, after
slie had been incorporated into this Union by legis-
lative action. The President, then, stood complete-
ly vindicated on this ground, and was not liable to
the slightest charge of exceeding his power and his
duty
H. did not believe that the assurances which were
given were more than the President had power to
give; nor did he mean to reflect on any officer of
•that Administration, because it was a fair and hon-
est transaction between the two countries. The
assurances were renewed, and he was sorry that
they were not always carried out; for after the
treaty was rejected, and Texas was in the worst
possible dilemma in which she could be placed—
degraded by the rejection of the treaty, dishonored
in the eyes of other nations, repudiated after ar-
dent expressions of the confidence and regard she
reposed in the United States, suspected by Eng-
land and France of insincerity and of versatility of
character—she was thrown on her own .resources
again; and the United States then, for the first
time, intimated that they had done ail that could
be done, or done what they intended to do.
Now, this was not considered a very comforta-
ble assurance to Texas. It was a withdrawal of
a portion of the assurances which had been given
to her previous to entering into the negotiations
for annexation, after the treaty had failed.
When iVIr. Murphy, the charge d'affaires in
J Texas, sent a copy of his letter to Washington,
: Mr. Nelson, then Secretary of State ad interim,
; said he had rather transcended his power; that the
I, President had only certain constitutional powers
j which he could exercise, and they had been tran-
j scended; and Texas was left in a position which,
J if she had been of a fickle character and unstable
! in her policy, might, indeed, have driven her into
j the arms of France or England, which had been so
i much carped about.
While he was on this branch of the subject, he
would here, in his place, state some matters in re-
lation to things which had been much discussed.
Texas, to be sure, had great domestic misfortunes,
but she never was recreant to the principles of
liberty; and if she had stood alone from, and been
disregarded and denounced by all the nations of
the earth, she never would have swerved from the
Verbal lissuraiKcs to Messrs, Van Zandt and Henderson by
Mr. Calhoun, written dovn in his presence and read over to
him.
" A powerful naval force, to consist of ten or twelve ves-
sels, will be ordeied to the Gulf of Mexico, the commmdei
of which, Captam Connor, will, upon any serious demon-
stration being made by watei by Mexico against Texas, in-
form the Mexican commander, that any attack upon Tex,is
\>nll be considered as a hostile act, and'the Executive will
feel himself hound to wc every means to repel it.
That tin- old division, .^'established by Mr. Calhoun as
Secretary of War, extending from Flonda Pomt to the south-
ern extremity of Lake Michigan, has been re^toied, and
General Gaines been put in command, and oidered to take
up In^qu.ti rois at Fort Jc>u(>, who will iceeive similar orders,
as to any demonstration hi/land, to those given to the naval
commander as to a demonstration hysea; and that he and
the chaig6 d'affaires will keep up an active torrespondence
with the President of Texas, and if they should receive any
communication■ from him vhich he con-cfives threatens any
serious intention upon the fait of Mexico to invade Texi'^
by land, they 01 either of them ^hall foirhwith despatch the
Srtme to Wa>binolon city by evpie^ss That the President
will, m that event, send a menage to Congtoss, informing
them of the fact, and request Congress to adopt, a-? bpeedily
as possible, Kuch measures as may be necessary for the de-
■ principles of constitutional liberty. She never
u till apprehending that the Government of i, could have been dri ven from the principles ingraft-
l exas would not be satisfied, further and more ex- I; cd in the very nature of her Constitution. She
phcit assurances were given by Mr. Calhoun to j never thought of forming an alliance winch could
Messrs. llenderson and Van Zandt, to wluch he ,! have dishonored her escutcheon. She never thought
would call the attention of the benate: . 0f owin  allegiance to any country but one with
j which she could be incorporated on principles of
j equality. Texas never thought of making any
i proposition affecting any of the institutions she
j had taken to that country, or to impair her self-
! respect, or the respect of other nations. England
never proposed the subject of slavery or of aboli-
{ tion to Texas. England never made a suggestion
| to Texas which, if she had pursued or accepted,
| would have degraded her in the eyes of the purest
j patriot that ever lived. Nothing was ever proposed
[ or done but what ought to take place between na-
| tions, although the journals of the United States,
j on various occasions, had thought fit to assail, not
! only the authorities of Texas, but the British and
| other foreign ministers, and to denounce them as
j foreign emissaries, and the President of the Repub-
! lie ofTexasasa traitor to the principles of liberty,
for which he ought to be hurled from his place.
He was perfectly aware that all this would cause
some excitement, which might lead to annexation;
fence of Texas ; and if the emaxe'ney should retfiMe il, to mni if 7 ,eXa® W,^S not *n a very comfortable position;
. in his message, that he would, in the meantime, consider it his 1therefore he was Willing that the United States
' duty lo defend Texas against aggression, and will accordingly j; should be induced to act by public opinion
I do so." • I O- .1   il...  • -    ' ■i 1. .
After the treaty was rejected, assurances were i
given to Texas that no material change should be 1
made in the orders to the commanders of sea and '
i land forces, exeept that they should no longer corre- :
' spond with the President of Texas, except through '
the United States charge d'affaires. '
In accordance with these assurances, Texas had :
received that protection which good faith required,
and withoutwhich negotiations would nothavebeen i
opened. He was not going to discuss the consti- ■
tulionality of these measures; but he would say
So far, then, as that was concerned, he did not
regret the abuse which was heaped on Texas by
many of the people of the United States, and by
some statesman too. But England was represent-
ed by a gentleman, (Captain Elliot) whnjae intelli-
gence would compare with that of any representa-
tive from any country, if Mr. li. was able to judge.
He was a ntan who sympathized with Texas, and
he proposed nothing but what was for the interest
of Texas. He was representing faithfully his own
Government, and he regretted that the blind zeal
of Mexico could have withstood the strong icpre-
. that the President was pledged to u?e all the power : sentations which had been made to her, to reco
! which the Constitution placed in his hands to de
: fend Texas to her boundary line. If it. should be
; pretended that lie only intended a constitutional
i exercise of these powers, and that his discretion
j was to be governed by that, to delude Texas into
. the belief that assurances were given which were
| not intended to be performed, it would reflect dis-
1 credit on the President of the United States. Mr.
nise the independenoeof Texas. He sought noth-
ing but mutually favorable commercial relations
between England and Texas, and an interchange
of her fabrics for the products of the South. The
character of that gentleman was preeminently
praiseworthy and patriotic. As a statesman and
diplomatist, he was entitled to all the respect and
gratitude of Texas; and when her annals are truly
