1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. C. B". Smith.
Ho. of Reps,
neration tendered for past wrongs may be; and
tJiat the territory thus acquired shall be made to
increase the preponderance of one section of the
Union, by legislating here in advance as to the
character of the population which shall overspread
I take now the ground which I took before on
the Oregon question. We have no rigjitto say to
the Executive department of the Government what
shall be done in settling the terms of a treaty; and
I therefore consider it highly improper to introduce
such projects here as have been referred to.
The attempt to fix in advance, by a vote of this
House, the terms of a treaty hereafter to be con-
cluded with Mexico, is a solemn interference with
the province and duties of another department of
this Government. That duty belongs to the treaty -
making power, which, by the Constitution, is
vested in the President and the Senate. It is for
this House to discuss questions of a very different
character. Each department of the Government
should be left to the undisturbed exercise of its
own functions. It is as unwise as it is unbecom-
ing in us to leave the sphere of our legislative
duties; we shall find full employment in ^faithful
attention to them, in the present state of our na-
tional affairs, without yielding to the promptings
of a discursive philanthropy, which can only in-
jure where it seeks to guide. If this scheme of
acquiring territory is persisted in, and the power
of this Government is to be brought to bear upon
it so as to exclude slavery from every part of it,
it must be seen by all who have bestowed any re-
flection upon the history of the organization and
progress of our political system, that the most
serious, I may say disastrous, results will follow.
'Jhis Union can only stand on those compromises
which I regard in their sacred obligation as second
only to the Constitution. The compromise which
has already taken place on the Missouri question,
was sufficiently disadvantageous to the South.
The South does not interfere m the concerns of the
North. A lofty feeling of brotherhood for the
people of this whole country is cherished there. j
I, for one, rejoice in the splendid achievements
and unprecedented success of the industry and
enterprise of New England, as much as any man.
I turn with pride to her revolutionary history.
I admire the genius which she sends to our na-
tional councils. I survey with pleasure the vast
resources and rapid growth of this whole country.
Why is it, then, that no opportunity is lost to
proscribe the South, to subject our internal policy
to censure, and to direct against our institutions
the sentiment of mankind, both at home and
abroad? Gentlemen have transcended the rules
which should govern them here: if they proceed,
they will rend the bonds of this Union as Sam-
son burst the withes that bound him.
Is this the doctrine to be acted on, that territory
must be acquired, and, wherever acquired, free
labor may be suffered to go there, but the men of
the South must not take their slaves with them
there ?
When this great question was agitated in 1820,
a northern man, Mr. Holmes, of Maine, said, that
to regulate slavery was the attribute of soveteign
power. He used this language:
<( To regulate the relation between different members of
a community, or to establish or prohibit slaveiy, is an attri-
bute of sovereign power. * * * * The gentleman from
New York 1ms told us that a slave representation beyond
the original States is unequal, and contrary to the spirit of
the compact. I know not where the gentleman derived his
authority, surely not from the Constitution. It is there
argued that the representation shall be apportioned accord-
ing to the number of free persons and three-fijths of the
Maves; not in such States as then existed, but 'in such
maybe, included within the Union.' Tins language is ex-
plicit and positive."
Mr. Macon, of North Carolina, took part in the
same debate—that which grew out of the Missouri
question. That good and great man, at once calm
and wise, was distinguished for a patriotism which
was comprehensive enough to embrace his whole
country. He said:
" The gentleman from New Hampshire has said that the
Constitution was a compromise as to slaves. This is no
doubt true; but not a compromise to emancipate. The
States that held them could free them, as others had done,
without asking or consulting the convention or Congress.
But it was a compromise as to representation, and nothing
else "
This is the language of truth and justice. But
we are told now that the North will nold the con- f
! quered Mexican provinces; but that neither I, nor
| any southern man, nor our children, nor our chil-
j dren's children, shall seta foot within them, unless
I we consent to abandon our property. This is not
a place to discuss the question of slavery. It is a
subject that should never be named in this Hall,
ft is an institution which belongs to the southern
States, and gentlemen do those States'great wrong
to press them on that subject here.
The Missouri compromise did them much in-
justice. Suppose the South should select a par-
ticular institution existing in the northern States,
or a particular feature in northern society—the
labor of operatives in factories for instance—and
undertake to denounce it and overthrow it, how
would it be regarded? What would they think
and say of such a proceeding ? Why, then, is this
course pursued towards the South ?
The slave population must have a representation
somewhere. By the compromise of the Constitu-
tion, the slave States are deprived of a portion of
their political importance. What, then, is to be
gained by limiting slavery to the prccise extent
' which it now occupies? Will it ameliorate the
condition of the slave? Would their introduction
into new territory increase their number?. The
object is clearly a political one, thinly disguised
by an assumed philanthropy. Suppose you could
even succeed by keeping slavery within its present
! limits, in bringing about its abolition, would not
! the political importance of these people b<5 in-
creased, by rising from a three-fifth to a full repre-
sentation ?
If there are other States to be formed at our side, |
under the same burning sun, and Covering the same i
fertile plains, will they not have common interests, i
and ought they not to have common institutions I
and common sympathies? Why is every occasion
seized on to bring this unprofitable and dangerous
: question into the field of controversy? I ask, in
1 the name of the Constitution, and of the men who
| formed our institutions as they exist, that thissub-
i ject shall not be made here a theme for angry dis-
j putation. Let not gentlemen disturb the regular
j course of business in this body, by rising in their
! places, and meeting us with projects and speeches
! such as those to which we have listened. If this
; is to be done, this Government will become un-
equal, and its days will be numbered. The spirit
still lingers in the South which produced our Rev-
olution—a spirit which will contend for political
rights to the very last. The people of those States
love this Union; they glory in the past, and hope
for the future. They will cling to the pillars of
the Constitution as long as they can; they will
listen to the parting words of Washington, still
vibrating in their ears, as long as endurance is pos-
sible; but, when they find that they are to be
downtrodden, they will be constrained, though it
be with deep grief, to give up an alliance which is
to be .marked only by wrongs and oppressions,
and gather about their homes and their property.
Sir, I trust that hour will never come. The
spirit which has this day been manifested by the
member from New York ought to be rebuked,
and the blame for the introduction of this subject
ought not to be thrown from him upon the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] who spoke
of it only because he had the sagacity to see the
question coming. It is time to meet it. If it is
provided that the States on this side of the Missis-
sippi shall be equally balanced in respect to slavery,
why should not the same balance be permitted to
exist on the other side?
As to the acquisition of Mexican territory, it is a
question which belongs to the treaty-making power.
We should not now discuss it. But, as it has
Hfeen thrust upon our attention, I have felt it my
duty, as a southern man, to express my own
views. If territory is to be acquired, let it be sub-
jected to compromises which have been already
formed. I do not wish for any violation of the
Missouri compromise. Let it stand, in letter and
spirit. Let the line upon which it runs be extend-
ed to the Pacific Ocean.
I hope to see that worst of all party spirit, the
spirit of geographical party, forever banished from
this Hall. If kept alive nere, it will lead to the
fiercest collision which has ever been witnessed in
this country.
When it becomes dominant, and the rights of
the North are exalted above those of the "South,
when fraternal affection is lost in a struggle for
party ascendency, wften patriotism dwindles down
into a narrow regard for a mere section of, our
country, then will this Government, erected by
our fathers for the protection of fruman liberty,
and which has awakened throughout the world the
noblest hopes, totter to -its fall.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. C. B. SMITH,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
January 6, 1847;
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the (Jnion, and proceeded
to the consideration of the bill to raise ten addi-
tional regiments for the increase of the regular
Army; and
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, of Indiana, upon
whose motion the committee had risen on the pre-
vious day, being entitled to the floor, addressed
the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The subject immediately before
the committee, is a bill which proposes to increase
the army of the United States by adding to it ten
additional regiments. As to the propriety of this
measure, it is to be expected that a diversity^of
opinion exists. For my own.part, I have been
unable to discover any reason in the condition and
circumstances of the country to justify its adop-
tion. By a law of the last session of Congress,
the Government is authorized to increase the regu-
lar army more than six thousand men beyond its
present numbers. During the past year the re-
cruiting officers of the army have been actively
employed in various parts of the country in efforts
to procure mlistments to fill up the existing regi-
ments to the limits authorized by that law. Their
efforts have been comparatively fruitless. But few
inhstments have been obtained, and the regiments
yet remain unfilled. The difficulty of obtaining
recruits for the regular army in this country is
well known. While the demands for labor and
the prices paid for itcontinueat their present rates,
but few will be found willing to inlist as soldiers
in the army. Those who desire to engage in the
military service of the country, would greatly pre-
fer to enter the service as volunteers. This has
been fully exemplified since the commencement of
the present war, by the alacrity and zeal with
whicii volunteers have flocked to the standard.of
the country in every State upon which a requisition
has been made.
Does any member of this House believe that if
this bill becomes a law, the number of men requi-
site to fill the proposed regiments can be inlisted ?
I do not believe that it is expected, either by the
President who recommends the measure, or by
those who support it. How can such an opinion
be entertained in the face of the facts to which I
have already adverted? Why, then, sir, is the
bill so earnestly pressed upon Congress? Why
should the brave volunteers, who, during the past
six months, have exposed their lives to the pesti-
lence and the sword, be treated with the contumely
which this proposition implies? Why shall not
the prosecution of the war be entrusted to them?
Have they not shown that they are fully adequate
to its prosecution, if prosecutcd it must be? The
President is now authorized by law to call into the
field near twenty thousand volunteers in addition
to those now called out. If more troops are requi-
site, why not call out these? We are uiged to
pass this bill with great haste, because it is said
the regiments are needed for immediate service,
before the commencement of the sickly season in
Mexico. This only furnishes an additional argu-
ment in favor of calling out volunteers. The pro-
gress of inlistment is always slow, and before any
considerable number of regular soldiers can be
obtained, the winter and spring will have passed
away, and the malignant diseases of Mexico will
have set in with all their force.
Why, then, I again ask, is this bill to be passed-?
To this question but one answer can be given.
To officer ten regiments will require the appoint-
ment of between five and six hundred officers. If
volunteers- are called into the field, they will select
