1847. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
29xir Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. C. B. Smith.
Ho. or Reps.
is the eastern boundary of Texas) to Spain. We re-
ceived from Spain a full equivalent for the territory
thus ceded, and we are therefore precluded from set-
ting up any title which we had before that cession.
Mexico acquired the title which Spain possessed.
Texas, as a department of the Mexican Govern-
ment, extended only to the Nueces river. The
provinces of New Leon, Tamaulipas, Chihuahua;
and New Mexico, each embraced a portion of the
territory between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
The truth of these statements has not been denied,
and will not be denied. If, then, it is admitted
that Texas, by her revolution,established her inde-
pendence, to what territory did she establish a title,
by that revolution? To just so much as was within
her limits while she was a province or department
of Mexico, and to nothing beyond those limits. I
would ask the gentlemen who represent Texas in
this House, whether, when the battle of San Ja-
cinto was fought, Texas owned or exercised juris-
diction overoneinch of territory beyond theNucees
and the settlement at Corpus Christ] ? Let them
tell me where, beyond this, she ever had posses-
sion—where did her flag ever wave—where was
her jurisdiction ever exercised? Did any person
ever suppose, before the commencement of this
war, that Santa Fe, the capital of New Mexico,
was a part of Texas? Does any one deny, that
even since, the resolution to annex Texas passed
the Congress of the United States, that same Con-
gress, by a solemn act of legislation, admitted
Santa Fe to be a part of Mexico? Is it not uni-
versally known and admitted, thatMcxico had her
custom-house and collected duties upon goods, not
only at Santa Fe, but at other points on the east
side of the Rio Grande? Is it not equally known,
that the entire population upon the east side of the
Rio Grande wasaMexican population, hvingunder
Mexican laws, and acknowledging allcgiance to
the Mexican Government? These things are all
so well known that they are admitted facts, about
which there is no controversy—no dispute; and
yet, in the face of all these facts, it is contended
that Texas had a good title to the country to the
Rio Grande. And this pretended title of Texas is
relied upon to justify the President for making war
upon Mexico, by the effort to drive her citizens
from the territory they had occupied ever since the
country was settled. The only evidence of title
offered in behalf of Texas is, that she claimed it: a
very cheap mode of establishing a title indeed! By
the same process we may easily acquire a title to
Canada. All we have to do is to pass an act of
Congress, declaring that it is ours, and the Presi-
dent must then send an army to take possession
of it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Pjreston
King] who addressed the House yesterday, made
a statement in regard to the commencement of the
war, to which I wish to call the attention of the
committee. He said:
" But to obtain possession of Tamauhpas awl Chihuahua,
between the Nueces and the Rio Giande, where the Mexi-
cans held disputc-d pohseseion, and to get Santa F£, where
the Mexican authorities and people held undisputed posses-
sion, the use of force was necessary. The use of force
between nations, to decide a disagreement between them,
is war."
This is the language of a prominent member of
the Administration party, used deliberately and
advisedly in a speech, which, to prevent all mis-
conception, he had reduced to writing before its
delivery. He admits that the country between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande was in the possession
of Mexico; that force was resorted to for the pur-
pose of depriving the Mexicans of that possession;
and that the use of that force was war. This is a
direct admission of all for which the Whig party
iti this House have contended. The Constitution
has confided the war-making power to Congress
alone. The people cannot rightfully be involved
in a war without the consent of their Representa-
tives; yet the President stands convicted by all
the facts, and by the admission of his own friends,
of commencing the war without the authority of
Congress, or the sanction of the people. If our
title to the territory had been clear and indisputable,
it would afford no justification to the Executive.
Had he deemed the possession by Mexico of ter-
ritory which belonged to us a good cause for the
commencement of hostilities to drive her from it,
it was his duty to present the facts to Congress,
and leave with them the decision of the question
| of war and peace. But without consulting Con-
' gress, he took upon himself the decision of the
question, and sent the army of the United States
to drive the Mexicans from the territory. The
question is not whether wehadcaufee of war against
Mexico, but whether the President of the United
States has a right, upon his own responsibility, to
make war. He has assumed to do it, and it re-
mains to be seen whether the unconstitutional as-
sumption of power shall be justified by the coun-
try. If a usurpation of authority so flagrant shall
pass unrebuked, then indeed is the character of our
Government already changed, and we have a
monarch under the name of a President.
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire to make a few re-
marks in regard to the manner in which this war,
thus begun by the President, has been prosecuted.
While the controversy m regard to the annexation
of Texas was pending, we were told that to whip,
or even conquer, Mexico, would be but a break-
fustspell.*' Our Democratic friends assured us that
they would end the war, should wc get into one,
in ninety days. Some gentlemen were patriotic
as to propose to take a contract to complete the
war. Well, sir, it is now abouteightmonths since
the war commenced, and although we have ex-
pended many millions of dollars, and sacrificed
several thousand lives, it seems to be generally
supposed that we are no nearer a peace than we
were when it began. An officer of the army, fresh
from the theatre of action, who claimed to be a
member of this House, (Mr. Baker, of Illinois,)
addressed us a few days ago. He told us that our
troops in Mexico were m a suffering condition;
that more men, and more money, and more means
j of every kind, were necessary to prosecute the
war; that we have, as yet, not been able to even
weaken the power of Mexico; that she is now more
united, more energetic, and more determined in
her resistance than she has ever been. If, then,
after eight months, with all the sacrifices we have
iucurred, with all the exertions we have made, we
have been unable yet to produce any impression
upon Mexico, how long, i would ask, will it re-
quire to subdue her'—what amount of men and
means must we sacrifice before this result can be
j obtained r
] By the law of 13th May last, the President was
| authorized to call out fifty thousand volunteers.
: If more men are ueccssary, as we are continually
assured they are, why have not these volunteers
been called out? If this war must be prosecuted
until Mexico shall be brought to an unconditional
submission to such terms as we may see proper to
impose, it would be but wise and humane to bring
such a force into the field at once as will bring the
war to a close in the shortest possible time. The
longer the war is protracted, the more expensive
will it be, and the more fatal to our troops. The
pestilential climate of that country is working more
havoc in our ranks than the arms of her soldiers,
j The numberof those who have perished by disease
i already exceed threefold those who have fallen by
, the hands of the enemy.
j Do you recollect, Mr. Chairman, the advice j
j which was given to the President shortly after the |
, commencement of the war, by that experienced
i and veteran soldier, General Scott? He advised that i
! the volunteers should be collected and drilled at j
; some point in their own States during the summer j
: months, made ready for active and efficient service, J
; and transported to Mexico about September. He J
1 had sagacity enough to perceive, thmt if they weie ;
' taken into that sickly climate during the summer '
' months, they would be rendered unlit for service, j
J and that thousands would perish by disease. For ;
i this plain, sensible advice, honestly given, the Ad- i
■ ministration sought to disgrace him. Taunts and ;
! sneers without number were thrown out against
I him. Many a bald joke was indulged about his j
I " hasty plate of soup." The Administration refused :
; to give him the command to which his rank, his :
j past services, his eminent military skill and bra- ;
I very, entitled him. But, sir, after the sad expert- J
i ence of six mouths has fully confirmed his opinions,
1 their correctness is now admitted-by all. His advice
| is now found to have been eminently appropriate,
i and it" is to be most sincerely regretted that it was
| not followed. Had that advice been taken and acted
1 upon, we should not be compelled to mourn the
| loss of so many brave spirits, wlb now sleep in
! death upon the banks of the Rio Grande.
My own State has been a heavy sufferer. She
was called upon to furnish three regiments of vol-
unteers. The call was promptly responded to, and
the men were furnished. They embraced within
their ranks some of the noblest spirits of the State.
Instead of being permitted to engage in active ser-
vice—to share the dangers of the fight, and partici-
pate in the glories of the victory, they were left to
pine and languish during the sickly months of
summer and autumn upon the deadly banks of the
Rio Grande. Many, ay, very many, of those bravto
spirits, who left homes surrounded by comforts
and abundance, with their hearts beating high with
i hopes of fame and glory, have found a resting
1 place for their exhausted and emaciated frames in.
the soil of a foreign land, without being permitted
to face a foe. The Administration seems at last to
have been convinced of the correctness of the views
of General Scott, and have given him the com-
mand in Mexico. But, as though already repent-
ing this act of tardy and reluctant justice, they
now seek to deprive him of the opportunity of
gaining fresh laurels, by importuning Congress to
authorize the President to appoint a lieutenant
general, to take the supreme command. The suf-
ficiency of Scott or Taylor for the command can-
I not be questioned, but they are both guilty of that
j most heinous of all offences, in the eyes of the Ad-
| ministiation, of being Whigs.
j But, Mr. Chairman, the President, with that gi-
I gantic intellect which has ever marked his career—
with that penetrating genius for which he has been
so eminently distinguished—not content to permit
our army to conduct the war in Mexico, has been
acting another part m the drama. Conceiving the
idea, common to small minds, that more may be
effected by low cunning and petty intrigue than by
a bold, manly, and open course, he has been en-
gaged in abase and contemptible intrigue with San-
ta Ana, an exiled tyrant, and a refugee from his
own country. The object of this intrigue seems
to have been to secure the return of Santa Ana to
Mexico, and his reinstatement in power there,
under the expectation that he would consent to
make a treaty of peace. 1 should be glad if the
I President would inform us what consideration was
! stipulated to be paid to Santa Ana for agreeing to
j a treaty—how large a poition of the " two million
I appropriation," so earnestly pressed upon Con-
I gress, about the close of the last session, was to be
i paid him to secure negotiations. Is this the end of
I all the vaunting* we have heard about'conqucring
Mcxico, or chastising her into submission? Is the
Piesident, by an intrigue with a foreigner and an
enemy, to effect that peace which he has been un-
able to obtain by arms? How becoming is such a
spectacle m the head of this nation, and how must
it raise our character in the eyes of the world, for
a nation of twenty millions of people to attempt to
despoil a feeble neighboring nation of a portion of
her territory, by secretly fomenting domestic strife
within her borders, and intiiguing with the worst
and most cruel of all her tyrants ? Who is this San-
ta Ana, from'whose elevation in Mexico President
Polk seems to have anticipated so much benefit to 
the country? He is the most cruel and rapacious
of" all the tyrants which ever disgraced that coun-
try—perfidious and treacherous, as he is blood-
thirsty and remorseless—avaricious and griping, as
lie is lying and deceitful—the perpetrator of most
of the robberies and spoliations upon our citizens,
which have furnished so much cause of complaint—
the author of the cold-blooded butcheries which -
were inflicted upon prisoners of war captured in
Texas—the deadly and unyielding enemy of the
United States. And it is with this man that the
President has been engaged in plotting for the pur-
pose of effecting his objects in Mexico, with
what feelings must the friends of the President look
upon this part of his operations connected with this
war. Can they reflect that their President has so
degraded the country and the Government without
the blush of shame mantling their cheeks?
The President, in his message, as if for the pur-
pose of furnishing some excuse or apology for his
intriguing with Santa Ana, says:
" lie (Santa Ana).had openly piofcssed an entire change
of policy; had expressed his regret that he had subverted
the federal constitution of 1824, and avowed that he was
now m favor of its restoration. He had publicly declared
his hostility, in the strongest terms, to the establishment of
a monaichy, and to European interference in tlie affairs of
his country."
