APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 6,
39th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. C. B. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
. Santa Ana may have professed a change of his
policy, but had he changed his treacherous and
perfidious nature? As well might you expect the
"leopard to change his spots, or the Ethiopian bis■
^kin." The result shows, that whatever profes-
sions of a desire for .peace he may have made to
the President, they were made only for the pur-
pose of duping ana deceiving Ijim. A more deadly
enemy to the United States is not now in Mexico.
The President, however, seems still to cling to the
hope that be will be able to effect a peace through
the aid of Santa Ana. He says:
"It remains to be seen whether his (Santa Jlna't) return
may not yet prove to befavoiable to a pacific adjustment oj
tke existing difficulties."
Well, sir, the President has accomplished his
object, and secured the return of Santa Ana to the
soil of Mexico. He is now there, at the head of
their armies^ the life and soul of all their opera-
tions against us. Who, let me ask, gave to the
enemy the "aid and comfort" of Santa Ana's pres-
ence? Who sent him there, to concentrate and
unite her scattered forces ? Who returned to the
people of Mexico the most cunning, artful, and
skiiful military leader they have ever lmd? The
^ President of the United States! This, then, has
■" beenthe fruits of his eight months' conduct of the
Mexican war. He has aided in overturning the
■weak and distracted Administration of Paredes, a
military usurper. He has returned to them Santa
Ana, and with him about sixty accomplished mili-
tary officers, of skill and experience. He has
assisted in placing in power, in that country, an
administration of firmness and energy, which is
now uniting all the resources of the country to re-
sist our arms. And now, sir, allow me to nsk,
which has furnished the greatest amount of "aid
and comfort to the enemy," the President of the Uni-
ted States, who has done all this, or the Whigs,
who have attempted to expose to the country his
unlawful usurpations of power?
I desire now, Mr. Chairman, to withdraw my
attention from the past, and, for a few moments,
look to the future. How, and for what purpose,
is this war to be prosecuted hereafter? This is a
question of great interest to the country. It is a
question of interest to those whose lives arc to be
perilled in the conflict—to the wives and the chil-
dren whom it may convert into widows and or-
phans—to the people, upon whom must be im-
posed the burden of its enormous expense to
those who wish and hope for the perpetuation of
this Government and its institutions—and to all
who feel an interest in the preservation of ourna- '
tional character. Is it to be continued as a war of j
conquest? Wo are assured by the President and
his friends that it is not. It is certainly not a war
of defence now, whatever it may have been at its
inception. Those who advocate it, deny that it is
a war of invasion. It seems to be a war sui gene-
ris—one that has no parallel.
The President has repeatedly assured us that it
is not a war of conquest. In his annual message,
at the present session, he says: :
. " The war has not been wa%td with a view to con- '
questyet, in the same message, after recapitula- <
ting the provinces which we have conquered, and 1
which, he says, embrace "territory larger in extent
' than that embraced in the original thirteen Stales of
' the Union, inhabited by a considerable pojnUation,"
he says '' it may be proper to provide for the security
' of these important conquests, by making an adequate
' appropriation for the purpose of erecting fortifica-
' lions, and defraying the expenses necessarily incident
' to the maintenance of our possession and authority
' over them."
A gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
who seems to be a spokesman for the President, has
assured the House, in a very positive manner, that
it is not a war of conquest. He says it is only a war
to carry out " the great measure of the age—the acqui-
sition of the Califomias." My colleague, too, on the
other side of the House, who addressed us a day or
two ago, [Mr. Owen,] has given us, also, the grati-
fying assurance that it is no war of conquest; that
no designs of conquest enter into the minds of those
who prosecute it. But yet he thinks in the end,
upon the final termination of the war, we shall run
our line up the Rio Grande as far north as 32°, and
thence across to the Pacific, taking from Mexico,
and annexing to our own country, all of her territory
which lies above that line. Oh, no! It is no war
of conquest—prosecuted with no such design; but
somehow, as a "kind of incident to the war, I sup-
pose, we are to get a large portion of Mexico, em-
bracing New Mexico and California. We are
assured by other gentlemen, that it is not a war for
conquest, but we must prosecute it untd we com-
pel Mexico to yield up to us a large portion of her
territory, in the shape of indemnities for the ex-
penses of the war. I suppose, sir, it must be a war
of " manifest destiny," or a war to " extend the area
of freedom."
Sir, attempt to disguise it as we may, we cannot*
conceal from the country, and from the woild, the
fact that this war was begun and is prosecuted
for the purpose of territorial aggrandizement. It
was an evil hour for the peace and prosperity of
this Union, when the project of annexing Texas
to this country was consummated. While that
measure was yet in embryo, it was predicted that
its success would soon be followed" by a demand
for the annexation of California. The correctness
of that prediction has been proved much sooner
than was anticipated. We have now departed
from the principles upon which our Government
and institutions are founded, and have launched
forth in the full tide of a successful career of con-
quest. Against this career, every patriot should
raise his voice. It is fraught with evils of the most
dangerous character, and threatens the peace and
safety of the Union. Our Government is based
upon the principle that governments can be estab-
lished only by the consent of the governed. We
are now seeking, in violation of this principle, to
extend our government, by force, over a reluctant
and unwilling people; over a people who hate us,
and who can only lie kept in subjection to our au-
thority by the strong arm of military power. Are
our republican principles, like the religion of Ma-
homet, to be propagated by fire and sword ?
But, sir, if we acquire these provinces of Mexi-
co, what are we to do with them ? Shall they be
admitted as States into the Union, upon terms of
equality with the other States ? Shall their semi-
barbarous population be entitled to the rights of
suffrage and representation ? Shall we admit them
to paiticipate in the deliberations of this Hall ? Or
shall we treat them as slaves, and deny to them
the rights of citizens? These are piaetieal ques-
tions, which should be answered. There is, con-
nected with this subject, another question, involv-
1 in? in its decision consequcnces of the most fearful
■ import. Suppose that, by our victorious armies,
we shall be able to compel Mexico to yield up to
J us the Califomias, New Mexico, New Leon, Chi-
: huahua, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas, and they be-
i come a part of the United States. The question
must then be settled, whether thev shall come into
J the Union as slave States or free States. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] has been
violently assailed for introducing this question into
this discussion. He has been charged with intro-
ducing a firebrand, calculated to array the North
against the South. So far from deserving the ceil- !
sure winch has been cast upon him, I think that j
gentleman deserves the highest credit. The course
he has pursued does great credit to his head as
well as his heart. He has clearly pointed to the j
evils which must be encountered, if the decision of ■
this question is forced upon the country, and, with i
a patriotic spirit, he is willing to forego all the ad- :
vantages which may result to the State which he !
represents, from the extension of the institution of ,
slavery, rather than hazard the peace of the coun- 1
try and the security of the Union by urging its ex- !
tension. Sir, the question of slavery, in connexion 1
with the territory of which we are seeking to de- j
spoil Mexico, cannot be avoided. We must meet |
it—meet it, too, fully and fairly. It is best for all
concerned that it should be met now. Let it not
be postponed, with the vain hope that it may be I
compromised after the territory is acquired. It is
a question which, in my opinion, will admit of no jj
compromise. Those who urge that we can ami- [j
cably apportion these Mexican provinces, making
a portion of them slave States and a portion free j
States, deceive themselves. "They cry peace, n
peace, when there is no peace." We have already
seen a faint foreshadowing of what may be expect-
ed when we have acquired this territory, and come
to settle this question. Gentlemen from the South
assure us, that if slavery shall be prohibited in the
territory to be acquired south of thirty-six and a
half degrees of north latitude, it will produce a dis-
solution of the Union. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Hilljard] says the people of the South
will not consent to any restriction upon their right
to go there "with their flocks and their herds, their
man servants and their maid servants." Upon
this subject, the determination of the North will
be found no less unyielding. I know I am not
mistaken when I say, that in the North there is a
settled and determined opposition to any further
extension of the institution of domestic slavery. If
any portion of the territory of Mexico shall be ac-
quired, the North will insist that it shall come into
the Union as free territory. Is there any gentle-
man here from a northern State, who will consent
to the admission of additional slave territory? If
there is, I should be pleased to hear him avow it.
With opinions between the different sections of the
Union so directly opposite, and so firmly adhered
to, how can a compromise be expected > It is in
vain to hope for it.' Let the territory be once ac-
quired, and the question will be before us with all
its force. The Missouri question for a time endan-
gered the safety of the Union. The compromise
which was then adopted, was applicable only to
the territory acquired by the purchase of Louisi-
ana. It has no application to territory hereafter to
be acquired, and the same compromise cannot be
expected in relation to such territory. If we ac-
quire additional territory, the question must come
before Congress and the country; and when it docs
come, it will come attended with a train of conse-
qucnces more alorming than any which attended
the admission of Missouri into the Union. The
! excitement which mnrked that contest, will be but
i as the molehill to the mountain, when compared
I with the convulsion which surely awaits this coun-
! try whenever that question shall be forced upon us
' for settlement. It will be a convulsion which will
! shake the pillars of this Government to their found-
! ations; and wc may find, too late, amid the scat-
j tered fragments of our Union, that we have raised
; a spirit which we have no power to control,
j Gentlemen from the North, who are opposed to
j the extension of slavery, base their hopes upon the
i " Wilmot proviso," which was attached to the
; " two million bill" at the last session. They an-
j ticipate thatasimilar proviso, declaring that slavery
i shall not exist in any territory which we may ac-
j quire from Mexico, will be attached to the same,
! or to some other bill, at the present session, and
i that this is to be a settlement of the whole question.
! Such calculations are, in my opinion, delusive and
i deceptive. The restriction, in regard te slavery,
; contained in the " Wilmot proviso," met my most
! cordial approbation; and I shall most cheerfully
vote for the same proposition whenever it shall be
again presented. It must, however, be apparent
to every gentleman here, that that proviso is no
settlement of this question. It is but the mere ex-
pression of an abstract opinion, which maybe car-
ried out hereafter, or may not. It by no means
determines that the territory to be acquired shall
be either slave or free territory.
The chief object of the present Administration
I seems now to be, to coerce Mexico into a treaty
I by which she shall agiee to surrender to us a por-
1 tion of her territory. If such a treaty shall be
! made during the term of President Polk, of course
'• the treaty will be made by him. No one can
doubt, that with his position, his sentiments, and
his interest, as connected with this question, he
will stipulate in such a treaty for all that the South
can ask or desire in relation to slavery. Well,sir,
suppose he makes such a treaty; it must be sub-
mitted to the Senate, and receive the votes of two-
thirds of that body before it can be ratified. If the
treaty shall stipulate for the introduction of slave-
ry into the territory, can any sane man suppose
that two-thirds of the Senate will vote for its ratifi-
cation r Surely not. Well, suppose it shall stip-
ulate that slavery shall not exist there; is it not
equally clear that two-thirds of the Senate will not
vote to ratify it? Placing the matter, then, upon
the ground that a treaty shall be made giving us
additional territory, and containing a provision
either for or against slavery, it is a matter of abso-
lute^ certainty, that such a treaty cannot and will
not be ratified by the Senate. If a treaty shall be
made which shall contain no stipulation upon the
subject, and shall be ratified by two-thirds of the
Senate, we shall then have acquired the territory,
