1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. McGaughey.
Ho. of Reps.
and the question will be immediately presented for
the action of Congress, whether slavery shall exist
there or not.
Are gentlemen desirous of testing the capability
of this Union to resist a shock of this character?
Are they anxious to determine by actual experi-
ment how much the different sections of this Union
may be excited and inflamed against each other,
without bringing about a separation' If they are
not, I warn them to avoid this issue. I implore
them not to put the Union to so severe a test.
I have attempted, Mr. Chairman, to point to the
evils which necessarily result from the question of
slavery, inseparably connected with the acquisition
of Mexican territory. I have shown that if the
territory is acquired, the great controversy between
the North and the South, whether it shall be slave
or free territory, must be met. Where, then, I
would ask, is the ground upon which the patriot
should stand? Sir, the only ground of safety—the
only ground which will secure the peace and har-
mony of the country—the welfare and prosperity
of the Union, is to keep the territory, with all the
distracting questions connected with it, out of the
Union. Upon this ground I stand. I am opposed
to taking from Mexico one acre of her territory
by force or conquest. I am opposed to extorting
from her any cessions of territory as an indemnity
for spoliations, or for the expenses of the war.
Whatever may be our demands against Mexico,
let their payment be required in some other way—
by some other means, than by the dismemberment
of her territory. I know of no portion of her ter-
ritory which could be of service to us', except some
of her harbors upon the Pacific. If these could be
obtained by fair and honorable negotiation, I should
have no objection to their acquisition. But beyond
these I have no desire to see any more " annexa-
tion."
The limits of this country are already sufficiently
extended. We have now immense bodies of va-
cant and unoccupied territory, much more valua-
ble for agricultural purposes than any we can ac-
quire from Mexico. We have territory for the
employment of all our enterprise for ages to come.
Any further extension of our territorial limits,
while it must greatly increase the expend ltures of the
Government, will weaken the bonds of our Union,
arid increase the dangers of its dissolution.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House"in-
sist that we must prosecute the war until we " con-
quer an honorable peace." How is this to be
done? It has been found, after eight months' trial,
that the vaunting boast that we would " dictate the
terms of peace from the Halls of the Montezumas"
is not of so easy accomplishment as was antici-
pated. It is possible, if we persist, that we may
reach the capital of Mexico. We may seize every
town and city in her dominions. It cannot be
doubted that the people of the United States may,
if they throw all their energies and resouices into
the contest, overrun Mcxico, and take all her
strongholds. It cannot be done, however, except
at a sacrifice of life which it is frightful to contem-
plate. But suppose we incur the sacrifice and ac-
complish the object, will we have peace then? We
may produce tbe quiet of desolation, and call it
peace. The people of Mexico, influenced by that
fortitude, stubbornness, or obstinacy, whichever
you may call it, by which they are characterized,
may still refuse to negotiate,still reject all offers to
treat, and ictiring into their mountains and fast-
nesses, wait the time when their desire for vengeance
may be gratified. And if they should pursue this
course, and still refuse to enter into negotiations,
what course must our Government pursue > Shall
we exterminate the race, until there shall be none
left to dispute our authority ? Shall we keep up a
standing army there, to hold possession of her
towns and cities, while our people at home shall
be taxed to meet the enormous expense it will
occasion? These are questions which should be
answered by those who have involved us m this
war.
Sir, I most ardently desire to see this ill-fated
war brought to a speedy close. I believe this de-
sire is entertained by the great body of our peo-
ple, of all political parties. The people look to
those to whom has been confided the administra-
tion of the Government to adopt measures neces-
sary to restore peace. There seems to be a vague
and indefinite idea resting upon the minds of gen-
tlemen, that the national honor requires that we
should fight this war through, at whatever sacrifice,
until we shall chastise Mexico into termsof absolute
submission. They seem to fear that any relaxa-
tion of hostilities—any effort to slay the carnage
of war—to stop the effusion of blood, will be dis-
honorable—that the world will conclude that the
United States, with her twenty millions of people,
is unable to cope successfully with the feeble and
distracted nation of Mexico, with her seven mil-
lions. Those who are so very sensitive in regard
to the honor of the country, should have manifest-
ed their regard for its honor before this war was
commenced. I fear we have not added, in any de-
gree, to our national honor, by commencing a war
of conquest—by invading the territory of a neigh-
bor. -I have as high a regard, I trust, as any in-
dividual, for the honor of my country, but I would
endeavor to preserve that honor by keeping her
in the right—by urging, that, in all her intercourse
with other nations, she shall pursue a course of
strict justice and magnanimity. This in itself con-
stitutes the very highest honor. " Be just, and
fear not," should be the governing principle of
nations as well as individuals.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH MR. E."~W. McGAUGHEY,
op indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
January 4, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under con-
sideration the Bill to increase the Army by the
addition of ten new Regiments—
Mr. McGAUGHEY said:
Mr. Chairmak : At the time the bill declaring
war against Mexico passed this House, I had no
opportunity of expressing my views upon its pro-
priety. Since then, I have not sought to engage
m the many discussions which have grown out of
that measure. But as I have to share, in common
with the other members of this body, a poition of
the responsibility, not of that measure alone, but
of all others which are or may be auxiliary to it,
I feel that it is due alike to myself and to my con-
stituents, that my reasons should be given for
what I have done and intend to do hereafter. I
am opposed to the prosecution of this Mexican
war, and, consequently, opposed to the bill now
under consideration, and to all others having the
same object in view. This explicit avowal of my
sentiments brings me, of course, within the range
of those charges of treason made against all who j
entertain such opinions. I'
Mr. Chairman, I take this occasion to say, that |!
however much such charges may disturb the tem- I
per of a gentleman for a moment, when time has !j
been given for cool reflection, they will be disre- [j
garded as the idle wind; or, if regarded at all, be jj
looked upon only as the unthinking prattle of iI
empty heads. There are men upon this floor who, !
like myself, are opposed to the continuance of this |;
war, and they are as patriotic and as sincerely !!
anxious to promote the welfare and happiness of ;j
the people, and the true glory and honor of the |j
country, as those on the opposite side of this Hall, |j
who have taken it upon themselves to inform the ij
American people and the world, that they only are 1!
the friends of the country. Mr. Chairman, when 'j
this war shall have been terminated, its expenses
paid, and its effects considered, it will then be seen j:
who are the real defenders of the public interests— I!
the friends of peace, or those who advocate the |t
further prosecution of this war. The President j
and his party claim to be in favor of an energetic jl
prosecution of the war, with a view to obtain :!
peace; or, as they term it, "to conquer a peace." !
1 am also in favor of peace, and would prefer to j
obtain-it, if possible, withouta further lesort to vio- |
lent means. We have tried the President's mode ij
of " conquering peace," and it has proved ineflec- jj
tual. The opposite means which I shall propose h
cannot be more ineffectual. But if the President , j
and his friends have proposed the true mode, that j:
is, a vigorous prosecution of hostilities, they have I;
placed it out of their power to do so with energy ! ]
and success. They have, by their financial policy, ! j
so effectually bankrupted the treasury, that they '>
are unable to raise the money necessary to defray
the expenses of the war. That this is true, I pro-
pose, m the course of my remarks, to establish
beyond doubt or question.
And here let me digress for a moment, to in-'
quire whether these Democratic gentlemen can
consistently claim to be the friends of a war, when
it can be shown that they have adopted (in oppo-
sition to the remonstrances of the Whigs) a sys-
tem of measures which have so prostrated the pub-
lic credit, and destroyed the revenues of the country,
as to place it beyond the power of Congress to give
energy to the war. What right have the Loco-
focoes to ask the Whigs to vote for the raising of
more troops, and the appropriation of more money,
when they have already, by their own acts, emp-
tied the public treasury? Let money be first put
into the treasury, before we are condemned for
refusing to vote i't out. I shall have more faith in
the sincerity and patriotism of the I*>cofocoes, when
I see them repeal the sub-treasury and the tariff of
1846. The sub-treasury, to say nothing of the
immense expense of putting its vast machinery in
operation—the vast number of new officers with
large salaries—the vast risk and expense of trans-
ferring the large amounts of coin from one place
to another to meet the daily wants of the Gov-
ernment—to say nothing of all this—exercises a
most baneful influence upon the commerce of the
country, and, consequently, upon the revenues of
the treasury. Still, however, this party measure,
for no other reason than because it is a party-
measure, must be kept in operation, although its
incapacity, as a Government agent, is every day
felt and acknowledged. A few days since, I saw
it stated that the Government paid, as the expense
of one shipment of specie to New Orleans, up-
wards of seven thousand dollars. It is not neces-
sary to say, that had the Government desired to
do so, this money might have been transferred by
means of a draft without any such expense. I al-
lude to a single instance of that which is of daily
occurrence. The expenses and inconvenience to
the Government, and oppression to mercantile in-
terests of this scheme, are scarcely supportable in
time of peace. But in time of war, when every
dollar is needed that the Government can possibly
raise, to continue such a scheme in existence is folly
and madness. When they shall have reinstated
the tariff of 1842, and thus again established a rev-
enue system which will pay off the debts of this
Administration, as it has heretofore paid off those
of the administration of Mr. Van Buren, then, but
not until then, shall I have the least faith in their
assertions, that they desire an energetic prosecu-
tion of this war. tlntil these things are done, I
shall continue to believe, that one great object of
this war is to enable the Administration to provide
for, to feed and clothe, its hungry friends at the
public expensfe. The public treasury is now in a
most deplorable condition. Something must be
done speedily to relieve it. Unless it be replenish-
ed in some way or other, this war must come to
a close without any assistance fiom the Whigs.
It can be replenished by taxation upon the peo-
ple, but to that I am opposed; because I do not,
as I have said before, believe that the war is in any
degree necessary to promote the happiness of the
people, or the honor of the nation. The Locofo-
coes are also opposed to this mode of replenishing
the treasury, not because they do not think it botS
proper and neressary, but because they are fear-
ful of the indignation of their constituents. I
therefore set it down that the treasury has noth-
ing to expect from taxation. The Whigs are op-
posed to it in principle, and the others have not
the patriotism to do what is indispensable to the
continuance of this war. The majority on this
floor, admitting the wants of the treasury to be
many and pressing, propose to relieve its embar-
rassments by borrowing—by selling the bonds of
the Government. Will any one vote for a bill
authorizing the sale of Government bonds for less
than their face? For one, I will not. If, then,
we place that restriction on their sale, the ques-
tion arises; Can the bonds be sold at par? Can
the money be borrowed in that way upon such
terms? In order to answer this question, it will
be necessary to look back into the history of this
Government. This is not the first time that the
follies of locofocosim have reduced this nation to
the humiliating necessity of borrowing money.
