>236
APPENDIX TO'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 4,
29th Gong.....2d Sess.
The Mexican War-.—Mr. McGavghey.
Ho. of Reps.
Her independence of this new Government, and by-
force of arms maintained it. What right can we
prfttend to that country, since we transferred ftll
of our rights to Spain ? The Louisiana claim cov-
ered the whole Of Texas, as well as the country
now in dispute. If our sale of it to Spain was not
binding, the whole process of annexation was un-
necessary, because we owned it as a part of the
Louisiana, purchase. According to that, Texas
was never an independent republic. I will not fol-
low up this flimsy argument, which has most un-
accountably found its way into the President's
message. For the honor of the country, I regret
that anything of the kind found its way into what
ought to be a State paper.
Thus it was that Texas became an independent
and separate Government. She was the child of
a revolution: of course that revolution, which gave
her an existence, settled her boundaries. So far
as the revolution extended, so far as the people
took part iri it, and claimed to be citizens of the
revolutionary government, that far, and no further,
the boundaries extended. If, then, the boundary
of Texas is to be decided by this criterion, (and it
is the only true one,) the country on the left bank
of the Rio Grande was not within her limits.
Then, to sum this question of title up into a small
compass, I assert that the United States can lay no
claim to this disputed territory, based upon the
Louisiana purchase from France, because, admit-
ting the claim then extended to the Rio Grande,
the subsequent sale and cession of all that part
west of the Sabine to Spain, destroyed forever our
title as effectually as if we had never owned it.
From this view of the question it follows, that the
United States had no claim or right to the country
before annexation, and now, by virtue of annexa-
tion, we have only a claim to so much of the
country known as Texas before that event. If
■ we had possessed any claim to this country in our
own right, aside from the Texas claim, it is strange
that we ever acknowledged the independence of
Texas; still more strange, that we had not revived
the claim, and set it up long since. If this Gov-
ernment, ihen, (as it is bound to do,) predicates
its claim to that country on the ground that it was
a part of Texas, and by annexation became ours,
the answer is at once given, that when Texas was
an independent State of the Mexican republic, her
boundaries did not include it; that when she de-
clared her independence, the revolution did not
embracc it, and that the people within the dispu-
ted territory have always acknowledged allegiance
to the Mexican Government. From the exumi- !
nation winch I have given this question, I have no
doubt but that the country west of Corpus Christi
belongs to Mexico, and that the United States
have neither a title nor the shadow of a title to any
part of it. If in this conclusion I am right, it fol-
lows, as a necessary consequence, that the acts of |
the President in bringing on the war were in vio- !
lation of the Constitution of the country. To jus- {
tify a war brought upon the country by Executive
usurpation is, in my opinion, the fit employment
for the servile and corrupt. .A patuotic and inde-
pendent representative of the people can never be
capable of such servility and baseness. I ask,
then, how long shall this war, thus commenced,
be prosecuted ? I have already shown that the
treasury is in such a low condition that taxation
is indispensable to a further prosecution of it. I
have also shown how and with what justice it has
been commenced. I inquire again, is it necessary
to the honor of the country, or the well-being of
the people, that taxes shall be imposed, and the
war continued ? For one, I think not. Laying
all questions Aside, as to the causes which brought
about this collision, it seems to me that nothing is
to be gamed, and much lost, by its further prose-
cution. The benefits resulting from all wars (those
which are stricly defensive excepted) are purely
imaginary; they are felt and realized by none ex-
cept the public contractor, who swindles his Govern-
ment out of a fortune, or possibly the conquering
genera], who survives the slaughter which makes
him a hero; while, on the other hand, the evils of
war are individually felt and suffered. War makes
widows and orphans; it breaks the heart of the
mother and father: it takes for taxes what should
purchase bread for a needy family: it corrupts
both the people and the Government. We have
already had an example of its Corrupting influ-
ence. We have seen a colonel in the army , in the
full receipt of the pay and emoluments of an offi-
cer m active service, present himself in this House
as a member, and receive his mileage and per
diem. The two stations are wholly incompatible
with each other. The acceptance of the last va-
cated the first. Considering the matter in this
light, and Mr. Baker an intruder, I felt that I could
not do less than call the attention of the House to
his extraordinary pretensions; and it was with
that view only that I moved that his pay as a
member of Congress should be divided among the
soldiers under his command. 1 allude to this mat-
ter as an example which forcibly illustrates the
corrupting influence which a war has upon the
Government, and for no other purpose.
But to return again to this war. If we are still
further to prosecute it, without stopping to inquire
into the cost, how much further are we to go?
When shall the war end ? I hear the answer, that
it will end when we shall have "conquered a peace."
That phrase is often used, but, in my opinion, sel-
dom understood. In plain language, this common
expression "conquer a peace" means nothing more
nor less than the prostration of a public enemy.
We are, then, to continue this war until' the ener-
gies of Mexico are broken, her army dispersed,
and her territory reduced into our possession.
How long will it take to accomplish all this ? Can
it be done? If so, how much of blood and treasure
will it cost? And when all this shall be accom-
plished, what kind of a treaty shall we make with
our conquered adversary ? These are all questions
of great moment, and should receive the calm and
grave consideration of Congress. We are told by
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] that
the designs of the Administration are not conquest,
but still that enough of Mexican territory must be
retained, in the final adjustment of our differences,
to indemnify us for the expenses of the war. Of
course the longer the war continues the greater the
bill for expenses; and, of course, according to the
doctrine of that gentleman, the more of her terri-
toiy we must keep. How this doctrine may be
understood by others I know not; but it looks very
much to me like making it a war of conquest.
We make war upon and overrun the country, we
estimate the expenses, and then take the country
to balance the account. Now, sir, if you really
intend to dismember that unhappy, country and
hoid her territory by conquest, why attempt to
conceal your purpose? Why not come out like
honest and fearless men, and avow your intentions
in the face of'the world ? These shallow pretences,
by which you attempt to hide them, will serve
only to bring you into disgrace, and, what is of
infinitely more consequence, to dishonor your
country. If the people continue to sustain your
course, I have no doubt that in time you can ac-
complish your object; but it will cost the lives of
more men and the expenditure of more means than
will ever be repaid through any indemnity.. I
admit your ability to accomplish your wishes, but
for one I am opposed to such a sacrifice for the
accomplishment of such an end. When the fur-
thci prosecution of the war is looked upon in that
light, it is virtually saying, that we are willing to
prosecute hostilities, spend so much money and
waste so much human life, for the quantity of ter- i
ritory we design to take. It makes the blood rush j
backward to the heart to hear a question of such i
great, teirible, and awful consequences, spoken of!
and discussed in this cold, sordid, and unfeeling j
manner. Let me remind gentlemen, that this is
not a question of the ordinary purchase of a dis-
tiict of country to be paid for in so many dollars.
It is a question of peace or war, of life or death,
to thousands; of misery or happiness to tens of
thousands. Well did the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Root] the other day remark, that when the
estimate of the value of the soldiers' lives who fell
in battle, or died of disease, came to be estimated,
for the purpose of being paid to us in territory,
that it would be well to have the value set by their
fathers and mothers, and widows and orphans.
The allusion did equal justice to the head and heart
of that honorable gentleman. It shows that, in the
examination of this momentous question, he had
considered something beside the mere question of
dollars and cents. It shows that he had considered
the question in all its bearing, and not overlooked j
those great considerations whieh so powerfully
appeal to the sympathies and feelings of thehuman
heart. Taking it for granted that you.havedeter-
mined to conquer and hold that countiy, I again
ask, what do you intend to do with the inhabitants?
Will you drive them from their houses and lands?
Such a course is alike forbidden by the laws of
humanity and nations. By the laws of nations the
conquest of a country transfers the sovereignty from
the subverted government to that of its conquerors,
but the private' and individual property of the citi-
zens remain as if no conquest had been made.
We every day hear it said, that the rights of the
private citizens of Mexico are respected by our
troops; that we pay them for all that we get of
them. This very conduct of ours shows that we
acknowledge the principle of the laws of nations,
that the private property of the citizen is not for-
feited to the use of the conquerors of his country.
This being the case, each Mexican that has a farm
or a tract of land now, will continue to hold it, even
after the country becomes a part of the United
States. What, then, does the conqueror take by
his conquest? Simply all the public property of
the Government—the righi to govern, to make laws
and enforce their obedience. From this it follows,
that we should get but little indemnity after all.
The right of sovereignty which we would acquire
would be a positive evil, a curse to us. Our in-
demnity, then, would be limited to the public prop-
erty of Mexico, and of that she has none. She
has no great body of public lands unsold; no pub-
lic property which can be sold and converted into
money to satisfy this war expenditure. As we are
to get the sovereignty of that country, I desire to
know in what way the American people arc to be
benefited by having the right to make laws for,
and enforce them upon, that people' Will that
privilege increase the wealth, or add to the intelii-
' gence, of our people? Will it give bread to a sin-
gle family ? Will it lessen the taxes of the people,
or of any portion of them? Will it enable the la-
boring man of this country to support himself and
family by the laboi of a single day less in the
week ? I admit that my hostility to this war would
be greatly moderated, if it could be shown that
any of these things would result from it. But,
sir, they will not, and no one has yet had the ef-
frontery to claim for the war the accomplishment
of any of these desirable ends. The civilization
of the age is opposed to wars of aggression and
conquest, as being great national calamities, whieh
bring misery and wretchedness to many, and hap-
piness to none.
Mr. Chairman, if we determine to annex all the
Mexican territory which has been overrun by our
army, we must, of course, take the Mexican iu-
. habitants as well as their country. What will we
do with them? How shall we control them? They
have shown by their revolutions and dissensions
that they are incapable of governing themselves,
and it will not do, therefore^ to admit them to the
privileges of citizenship. What course of policy,
then, shall we adopt in reference to them ? It seems
to me that we have only one other course to pur-
sue, and that is, to extend our laws over them. In
order to do this we would be compelled to extend
our army with our laws; the one would be neces-
sary to enforce the other. We need not expect
that a people, who have for a long series of years
refused obedience to their own laws, will quietly
submit to ours. Let us once take this semi-bar-
barous people under our jurisdiction, and a thou-
sand unexpected evils will be the consequence;
evils, too, for which we will find no adequate rem-
edy. They are ignorant of our language, our laws,
and system of government, and it"is not therefore
to be expected that they will submit to them, un-
less an armed force is present at all times to enforce
submission through fear. Is it in accordance with
the spirit of the age, or of our Republican institu-
tions, that our laws should be thus enforced? This
extension of our laws would render it necessary
that we should send into that country the neces-
sary number of officers to administer the Govern-
ment which might be established. The appoint-
ment of these various public'officers would be made
by the President of the United States, and thus his
already overgrown patronage would be swollen to
an alarming extent. This patronage has already
become so extensive that it corrupts the purity of
the elective franchise, until it is now almost im-
possible to obtain a true expression of the public
