238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Ligon.
Ho. of Reps.
offered; let a minister be sent, and directed to say,
that we will not, under any pretence whatever,
take an inch of her territory; that if she will agree
upon a fair boundary, and liquidate and pay the
amount she justly'owes our citizens, we will ask
no more. Let this be done, and she will not re-
fuse to make peace. But if she does, then I will
go with you, and vote any amount of money and
any number of men necessary to crush' her power
and force her to submission.
The President has been very careful in his mes-
sage to give an elaborate and detailed account of
the wrongs that we have suffered from Mexico,
for no other purpose than that of exciting in thes
public mind a feeling of animosity against her. If
in this he has succeeded, the effect will be to stave
off for a time inquiry into his conduct, which he is
most anxious to do. The sum of all the wrongs
inflicted upon this country by Mexico, after all the
efforts of the President to magnify them, consists
in the non-payment of certain debts which she
owes to our citizens for spoliations upon their
- property. And can any man in his senses believe,
that this war was commenced for no other purpose
than to enforce the payment of those debts? Are
we to allow the President to involve the country in
war for such a purpose? The end will not justify
the means'. It was never begun on account of any-
thing which Mexico had either done or neglected
to do. Who would ever think of beginning or
prosecuting a war for such a cause ? The expen-
ses of the war, for the ten days next following the
declaration of its existence, would exceed the
# amount in controversy. The citizens of the Uni-
ted States, whose private property was taken by
the French Government prior to the year 1S00,
have never received their indemnity to this day.
At the last session of Congress, a bill was passed
for their relief, and the President destroyed it by
the exercise of his veto power, which shows the
extent of his sympathy for the misfortunes of those
who have lost their property. These French spo-
liations have now remained some forty-six years
unpaid, and yet the President refuses to let Con-
gress make provision for them. Still he is over-
come with grief for the misfortunes of those who
have suffered by similar conduct in the Mexican
Government. As I have said before, this war was
commenced for other causes—causes which he
would like to conceal. These Mexican spoliations
had no place in the President's mind when he was
devising the means of bringing on this war. If
any man thinks differently upon this subject, let
him look into that part of the message in which
the President says he wants Congress to grant him !
two millions of money to enable him to make peace; f
and what is still more extraordinary, it is intima- !
ted that this large amount is only to be used as an
advanced payment, to he followed up by other in-
stalments. Let him contemplate this request, and
then answer whether he believes this war was
commenced to obtain payment for those spolia-
tions? Weak, vacillating, and wicked as this Ad-
ministration is, it is not yet weak enough to com-
mence a war for the collection of debts, and then,
in less than eight months, give millions to buy a
peace.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the demands of the
President are as singular in their character as they
are exorbitant. What, are they but demands for
appropriations to make war for the collection of
debts, and also for large appropriations to purchase
peace from our debtors? What a glorious repu-
tation for consistency our President is likely to
acquire! The financial reputation of our Secre-
tary of the Treasury will be its only parallel in
history. To use a homely but expressive phrase, I
these separate and inconsistent demands have the :
effect to place Congress " between two fires." I
came here expecting to be called upon to vote
means to carry on this war, but I never expected :
to be asked m the same message to buy a peace. |!
This two million peace proposition shows that this :
war is one of conquest, and that this peace bill is
to be used for the purpose of bribing the consent
of Mexico to the retention by us of the Californias.
Knowing that the acquisition of Mexican territory
is the purpose of this war, and that appropria-
tions for the defence of our own soil are no longer
necessary, I am prepared to vote against every
war bill now before us, except that which proposes
to increase the pay of all our soldiers in that ser-
vice. I find that our treasury, in less than one
short year, has, from a surplus of millions, be-
come empty, and in debt uncounted millions.
What is the cause of this sad change? Certainly
not the want of financial ability in the Secretary.
No one will pretend anything of that kind. What,
then, is the cause? Can it be the annexation of
Texas, either directly or remotely? Certainly that
cannot be so, unless Mr. Polk, in his message of,
December, 1845, was premature in using the fol-
lowing language:
" This accession to our territory has been a bloodless
achievement. No arm of force has been raised to produce
the result. The i>word has had no part in the victory. We
have not sought to extend oar territorial possessions by con-
quest, or our republican institutions over a reluctant peo-
ple."
The Whigs have always declared their opposition
to that measure; and, on the other hand, we have
always been assured that no evil, no war, would
ever grow out of it. That this war might have
been averted and Texas also annexed, is barely
possible. If we had paid to Mexico a few mil-
lions after annexation for her claim upon the coun-
try, we might have avoided a collision. When
the war shall have ended, we can determine wheth-
er it would not have been well to do so. That,
however, would not have answered the designs of
those in power. They had tasted the fruits of
foreign acquisition, and it only sharpened their
appetites for more. They then determined to have
' the territory lying between Texas and the Rio
Grande, and that was the reason a minister was
sent to Mexico ostensibly to treat with her, and an
armed force stationed near her territory shortly
afterwards to make " hostile demonstrations" to con-
vince her that we settled our differences as well by
the sword as by negotiation. What country in
Christendom would receive a minister who was
thus followed by an army, and who had been pre-
ceded by an armed fleet? It never was intended
by the President that Mr. Slidell should be re-
ceived. The necessary steps were taken to pre-
vent it, so that a pretext might be furnished for
the seizure of the country on the Rio Grande.
The beginning of this war shows that it was begun
for territory, and its subsequent prosecution shows
it still more clearly. If the object had been to
compel Mexico to accept honorable terms of peace,
and make just compensation to our citizens, would
not all of bur force have been directed towards the
very heart of the country ? Would not our armies
have been concentrated and marched upon her large
cities, in a direct line for her capital ? Would not
General Taylor have been directed to march with
all his force upon the enemy wherever to be found,
and crush him > This would have been the course
pursued, had the object of the President been other
than conquest. Now, let us look to the policy
which has been adopted, and if any one doubts
then that the aims and objects of this war were
conquest and acquisition, he deserves sympathy
for his credulity. An army is raised and equipped
at an immense cost, and sent to invade and over-
run Santa Fe and the northern provinces, and to
extend their conquests forward to the ocean. In
this country Mexico had no armed force, the loss
of which would ever be felt. The consequence
was, our troops took possession of a poor, sparsely
settled country, without meeting the least opposi-
tion, and without weakening any but themselves.
Garrisons had to be left, or else there would have
been no evidence that the conquerors had taken the
country. The President no doubt accomplished
his purpose, which was to get the country, not to
weaken the enemy. Will any one pretend that
the sending this army into Santa Fe was a neces-
sary measure of defence against an invasion of
Arkansas and Missouri, by those settlers of Now
Mexico, who could not (if they desired to do it)
find their way across this vast, western prairie in
six months ? I should not be much astonished to
hear it.
The few minutes of my time yet remaining will
allow me to introduce but one other subject to your
notice.
I have said in the course of my remarks, that it
had become manifest the war could be carried on
no longer upon credit. This fact is better under-
stood by the members of this House than the pub-
lic at large. The report of the Secretary of the
Treasury is well calculated to deceive the great
mass of the people in relation to the expenses of
this war. The report includes only such of the
expenses as had been presented to the Department,
audited and paid, and it omits to say that only a
portion of the expenses had been thus precisely as-
certained. If it had contained such an explanation,
no false impressions would have been drawn from
it. I make no charge of improper motive upon
that high functionary; that he included every item
of expense of which he had any official informa-
tion,! have no doubt. The omission to state that
a large amount of the expenses had not been re-
ported to his Department has emboldened many
unscrupulous partisan editors to assert that this
war was costing much less than its opponents pre-
dicted, and the report of the honorable Secretary
is quoted as proof of their assertions. To say how
much the war has cost, in addition to the amount
given in the Secretary's report, would be impossi-
ble, but I shall be very much deceived if it be less
than twenty-five millions. The condition of the
treasury requires that the country be immediately
restored to peace; and, in order to accomplish it, I
am ready to vote for a recall of our army into our
own country. I am willing, also, to vote such sup-
plies of every kind as may be necessary to guard
and protect our southern boundary. This I be-
lieve to be the surest and quickest mode of obtain-
ing peace. But if the war is to be prosecuted fur-
ther, it must be done without my aid. I will give,
such votes as I may deem necessary for the com-
fort and support of the soldiers in the service, but
beyond that I will not go.
Mr. Chairman, it has been said upon this floor
that there is no considerable party in this country
opposed to the war, and that the Whig party is not
opposed to it. This may all be true. I speak only
for myself and my constituents. I do not pretend
to commit the party t.0 which I belong to anything
that I have said. I disclaim the right for myself,
and deny it to others. I have now exhausted my
hour in speaking against the authors of this war,
against the war itself, its purposes and objects, and
against its further prosecution. I have declared
what I believe to be the true policy to bring it to a
speedy termination. It only remains for me to act
in accordance with what I have said, and that I
will do so, there is but little doubt. I am so un-
fortunately constituted, that I am not able to make
a speech on one side of a question, and vote on the
other. If the Whig party be in favor of the fur-
ther prosecution of the war, or in any way justify
its beginning or continuance, or its ultimate objects,
then, sir, whatever regret it may cost me, I am
constrained by a sense of duty to differ with my
friends. Still, I must be allowed to express the
opinion, that the heart of the great Whig party of
this country is with me, and that it will respond to
every sentiment 1 have uttered. I venture now to
predict, that when the voice of the people of this
country is heard upon this great question, it will
render a judgment that, will teach all that they have
intelligence enough to discriminate between a war
like that of 1812, in defence of great principles,
and the rights of the American citizen, and the' one
now under consideration, for plunder and extended
empire. He that is a slave to his own fears is in a
condition infinitely worse than the slave in chains.
The one is to be pitied, and the other despised.
No fear of misfortune to myself or my party shall
ever swerve me from what I conceive to be the
part of duty, of right, and of patriotism. Acting
upon these considerations, the ghost of the last
war has no terrors for me; and if it or any other
improper consideration should have the effect of
moving me from the true line of duty, I should be
unworthy to represent a free people.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF ME. T. W. LIGON",
OF MARYLAND,
Iv the House of Representatives,
January 8, 1847.
The Bill to raise for a limited time an additional
Military Force, being under consideration in
Committee of the Whole—
Mr. LIGON said:
I rise, Mr. Chairman, not so much with an in-
tention to discuss the merits of the bill now under
consideration, as to make a few remarks in relation
