1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Ligon.
New Series No.'16.
after,) Paredes issued a declaration of war. It was
most probably resolved on when the letter to Mr.
Slidell was written; for General Arista, at the dis-
tant city of Matamoros, on the 24th of April, (the
day he arrived there and took command,) notified
General Taylor " that he considered hostilities
commenced, and should prosecute them." On the
same day, he attacked and captured a detachment
of General Taylor's army. (See General Taylor's
official letter, House document No. 196, p. 123, 1 st
session 29th Congress.) Paredes, it thus seems,
held back his declaration of war until he thought
General Arista had arrived at Matamoros. It is
dated but one day earlier than General Arista's
notice to General Taylor.
I have thus given the Mexican view of the
causes of this war. With them it is not a bound-
ary question; it is not whether the Nueces or the
Rio Grande is the boundary between Texas and
Mexico; but the grievance is, the annexation of
Texas. "The Supreme Government had before-
* hand declared that it would look upon such an
* act as a casus belli; and, as a consequence of this
' declaration, negotiation was, by its very nature,
' at an end, and war was the only recourse of the
' Mexican Government," This is their own lan-
guage—-the language of the Mexican Government—
not mine. The motives that have actuated the
Mexican Government are of a character that will
not admit of justification. Mexico had no just
cause of war against the United States. Texas
was, and for ten years had been, as free, as inde-
pendent, and as able to maintain its freedom and
independence as Mexico was to maintain hers. The
nationally of Texas had been fully admitted by
all the leading nations of the earth. And I hold it
to be a self-evident proposition, that if two nations,
of similar laws, manners, customs, language, and
religion, choose to unite under one form of Gov-
ernment, to improve their respective conditions, it
is their undoubted right and privilege to form su<;h
union; and no other nations have a right to take
offence at such union of interests, or to levy war
on a nation (thus formed of two) on account there-
of.
Is there anything wrong in this doctrine? Is it :
repulsive to the dictates of justice, or conflict with ;
the rights of nations or of men, or war upon the en-
larging interests of humanity ? Unless it is wrong
for independent men or communities peaceably to
unite to form a government for the promotion of
happiness, and the diffusion of knowledge, and the
perpetuity of their liberties, then was it right for
the United States and Texas to unite their desti-
nies. And if Mexico, Guatemala, and Buenos
Ayres, were each or all to ask to be admitted into
the United States, and the latter should agree to
receive them, no nation could justly take excep-
tion; for all nations have an inalienable right to
form such governments, and live under such laws,
and unite with such communities in the formation
of such governments and laws as they see fit to
form, so that they trespass not upon the rights of
others. In what, then, has the UnitedStates wrong-
ed Mexico by admitting Texas into the Union—
Texas being free, independent, and by Mexico un-
conquerable?
But who can number the outrages that Mexico,
during a term of more than twenty years, commit-
ted against the United States?—outrages scarcely
paralleled in modern times for atrocity, rapacious-
ness, and frequency—outrages so gross, so revolt-
ing, so unblushingly audacious, thai General Jack-
son (who so much reprobated attacks from the
strong upon the weak) was at length fairly pro-
voked into a recommendation, ten years a<ro, to
Congress to authorize the making of reprisals.
Even Mr. Van Buren, celebrated for his diplomatic
accomplishments, finally acknowledged that his art
was incompetent to the task of obtaining justice
from Mexico, and submitted their case to Congress,
with a recommendation to discover a mode and
measure of redress that would accomplish what
diplomacy could not.
The Mexicans admitted spoliations upon Ameri-
can commerce to the large amount of $2,026,139,
and gave their bonds in payment thereof. They
have dishonored those bonds, and the claimants
remain unpaid. Besides these claims, it should be
recollected that claims to the amount of $4,265,464
were presented to the American and Mexican com-
missioners, but were not aeted upon for want of
16
time. Since then additional claims to the amount
of more than $2,200,000 have been presented to
the Department of State. It is thus seen that
depredations upon American commerce have been
committed to the en'ormous amount of $8,491,603.
(See H. Doc. No. 196, p. 33 and 34, 1st session, 29f/t
Congress.) The character of these Mexican out-
rages is well summed up in a letter addressed by
Mr. Forsyth, Secretary of State, to the Mexican
Minister of Foreign Affairs, under date of May
27, 1837. Tn that letter Mr. Forsyth says:
"These wrongs are of a character which cannot be tolei-
ated by any Government imbued with a ju<t self-respect,
with a proper regard for the opinions of other nations, or
with an enlightened concern for the permanent welfare of
those portions of its people who may be interested in foreign
commerce. Treasure beJonsrins to citizens of the United
States has been seized by Mexican officers, in its tiansit
from the capital to the coa?t. Vessels of the United States
have boon captured, detained, and condemned, upon the
most frivolous pretexts. Duties have been exacted from
other?, notoriously against law, or without law. Others
have been employed, and in some inetaner s mined, in the
Mexican service," without compensation to the owners. Citi-
zens of the United States have been imprisoned for Ions
periods of time, without beina; informed of the offence5 with
which fhev were charged. Others have been murdered and
robbed by Mexican officers on the high seas, without any
attempt to brim; the guilty to justice."
And it was in reference to eases of outrage like
these, as ascertained and stated in the letter of Mr.
Forsyth, that General Jackson, in 1837, in his
message, used the following remarkable and em-
phatic language:
"That the length of time since some of the injuries have
been committed, the repeated and unavailing applications
for rediess, the wanton chaiacter of some of the outrages
upon the property and persons of our citizens, upon the
officer* and flajr of the United States, independent of recent
insult* to tins Government and people by the hue extraordi-
nary Mexican Minister, would justify, m the eyes of all na-
tions, immediate war."
But when and under what circumstances were
these disgraceful outrages committed? "Why, sir, !
as the Union of last night truly said: !
"One portion of the*e robberies was committed upon us :
in the very year in which wc took the lead anions; all nations j
in acknowledging the independence of Mexico, and in pro-
curing its acknowledgment from England. Another portion
of these crimes \va« committed aa.nmt u<? past after our
treatv of armtv, commerce, and navigation, had been con-
cluded with Mexico, in 1^31. The .same course of violence
arid wrong-dome a<ram=t u« wa= kept up tbrouch the year
1837, in which our Government rejected the first overture of
Texas towards annexation."
And now, sir, instead of making reparation for
wrongs like these, Mexico makes a pretext of the
annexation of Texas to the United States to excuse
herself for attacking our forces, and murdering our
citizens ! The wrongs of our citizens, and the
blood of the murdered Cross, and of Porter, and
of many other worthy American citizens, cry aloud
for vengeance. And knowing, as we do, that Texas
was truly free and independent, and that when un-
der Spanish, French, American, and Mexican rule,
its territories extended to the banks of the Rio
Grande, let us not allow ourselves to be diverted
from our purpose of exacting ample justice and
reparation by insensate rant about the boundaries
of Texas, but rather let us rush forward'—let us
charge home upon these robbers and murderers of
our fellow-citizens, and teach them that if our for-
bearance is great, our justice when aroused is
swift, terrible, and complete.
Believing it to be our duty, and the best policy
to push this war rapidly forward to an early and
to an honorable conclusion, I avow my readiness
to vote ample supplies of men and of money to
effect this object. My people expect this, my con-
science tells me that it is right, and the impulses of
my heart render the duty a pleasing one to per-
form. Taxes will be cheeifully paid and men
readily furnished, if we will but do our duty: for
the country seems to have erected a higher stand-
ard, to be more eager for forward, consecutive, and
j vigorous movements upon the enemy than the
j majority of their representatives. I, for one, am
| ready, and am anxious to terminate this incongru-
I ous state of things; to terminate this delay in sup-
! plying the President with all the sinews of war, I
! am not only ready to vote men„but I am ready to
vote means, with which to pay those men who
nobly jeopard their lives for their country.
All men cannot go to Mexico; but all can, and
most men gladly will, contribute of their means to
pay those who do go to that country with arms in
their hands to fight, and, if needs he, to die. The
people will pay, cheerfully pay, all needful expen-
ses: not only to maintain fleets and armies, making
aggressive movements intended 'f to conquer a
peace,'' but also to hoid in safety and in subordi-
nation, such cities as may be captured, and such
provinces as may be overrun. For, without the
power to retain, control, and govern occupied cities
and provinces during the continuance of a war,
war could not be successfully, certainly not safely,
waged against any country with territories as ex-
tensive, and as sparsely populated as those of the
republic of Mexico. The power is indispensable,
its exercise universal, and the objections made to
both are not more novel than they are unworthy
of an attempt at a serious refutation.
It has been with feelings of deep regret that I
have listened to the remarks which have been
made upon the subject of slavery, in connexion
with the question of acquiring additional territory
inpayment of spoliations committed upon our
commerce. The agitation of this subject is pre-
mature. First obtain the territory; then the ques-
tion of what its organic laws shall be, will, with
propriety, come up for discussion and for final
decision. Still, as the question has been forced
into this debate, I neither fear, nor shall I shun it.
Thus far in advance, then, my opinions upon this
improperly introduced subject are, that the wishes
of the majority of the people of each Territory, and
of each State, now organized, or hereafter to be
organized, ought to be religiously respected. If the
people of any Territory or of any State desire to
allow citizens to own slaves, not my will, but
theirs, should prevail. If the people of any Ter-
ritory or of any State desire to exclude slavery
from within their own borders, (not their neigh-
bors',) by all means allow them to do so.
When the people of a new Territory or State
ordain slavery, or anti-slavery, I shall be satisfied,
perfectly satisfied: for, Mr. Chairman, I make it
a point contentedly to allow my neighbors to man-
age their own affairs their own way I never dis-
tress myself—my sort of philanthropy does not
prompt me to distress myself—because persons a
thousand miles off will not manage their business
in a manner that I might think would best pro-
mote their interests. Undoubtedly they lose much
by not following good advice; but as they allow
me to manage my affairs as I please, they may do
the same; the new States may have slaves, banks,
and huge State debts, if they want them; they may
have either one of those " luxuries," or neither, or
all three; they shall, so far as I am concerned, be
as free as freedom. My democracy teaches per-
fect non-interference with other men's business,
until they aTsk for my assistance; to interfere with
another man's business, unasked, is as thankless
an occupation as any champion of equal rights
ever followed. As it is with individuals, so it is
with States. Let each one manage its own inter-
nal concerns as it may please the people inhabiting
it in their wisdom to direct. If they are pleased,
certainly those living at a distance can afford to be
pleased.
But suppose we, the people of the old States,
determine to interfere with the business of the peo-
ple of the new States and Territories, whether they
wish our assistance or not, can we achieve any
other practical result beyond that of making our-
seh es ridiculous? 1 fear it will be difficult if those
to be taught by us should disregard our instruc-
tions. There can be but one kind of States—the
Constitution contemplates but one class. One State
is as free, as independent, as sovereign, possessed
of as many constitutional rights and privileges, as
any other. Exclusive privileges are not granted
to one State and withheld from the others. New
States may be admitted, but the power to make
them a secondary class—to make them a species
of attaches to the original States, or to some one
of them—is not conferred. The State of Ohio is
equal every way in its rights with the State of
Pennsylvania—Iowa and Texas, as Massachu-
setts and Virginia. The new States are equal in
; power, privileges, and rights, "with the old States,
i They are not an inferior class; the old States are
not a superior class of States. New York, when
the Constitution was adopted, was a slaveholding
State; and so weie most of the old thirteen States.
New York abolished slavery, the Constitution did.
not forbid that act; it can reestablish slavery, for
'! the Constitution does not forbid that act. Mary-
' land can abolish slavery this year; it can recon-
