242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 9,
29th Cong 2b Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Long.
Ho. of Reps.
Sider the act and reestablish it next year, if it
eliooses to do so. Congress may refuse to admit
a State until it consents to have a constitution in
which nothing is said about slavery; but, in pass-
ing through the constitutional gate, into the Union,
justice, with the sword of State-rights, cuts-every
humiliating fetter, and the State enters, with a
countenance erect, as free, as sovereign, as inde-
pendent, as any other -State. If any State can
abolish slavery, so can the new one. If any can
abolish slavery, so can the new State abolish sla-
very. If this is not so, then has Congress the
power to create an inferior order of States, which
js a proposition to which I cannot subscribe. The
American States are, in verity, equal; there are no
superiors and inferiors—no principals and seconda-
ries. Congress cannot, by a law or hy a treaty
with a foreign Power, create an inferior order of
States, possessed of less power, rights, and digpi-
ty, than the Status now existing. • When a State
is once admitted and acknowledged by Congress
to be a free and sovereign State, no congressional
enactment, whether enacted before or after the
creation of the State, can abridge its sovereignty,
or in any manner lessen its rights as a State under
the Constitution. The Constitution of the United
States has made no provision allowing a State to
alienate its sovereignty, and thus degrade itself
below its sister Commonwealths; nor is power
given to Congress to thus degrade a State. Hence
the sovereignty of the States, under the Constitu-
tion, is inalienable. A new State, once recognised
as a State, according to the forms prescribed by
the Constitution, is, for aught that appears in the
Constitution, equal, in all respects, to any other
State; and as Congress has no power granted to it
authorizing it to abridge the sovereignty of a new
State, any act purporting to do so would be void,
ab initio. A State, then, may establish slavery.
Massachusetts may do so, and so may California,
should it ever become an American State. A State
may abolish slavery. Massachusetts has already
done so; and Texas has the power to imitate the
example.
What, then, will be gained by not allowing the
people of a new Territory to decide for themselves
in this matter? As soon as a State is erected, the
people thereof can ordain to have slaves; and no
power on earth can constitutionally say, " Why
do ye so >"
In certain portions of this country, slavery, from
many causes, not necessary now to particularize,
must, for an indefinite period of years, continue to
exist. And in attempts to interfere with this order
of things consists the real danger to which the per-
petuity of the Union is exposed. Men are too
anxious to pull down what they do not like, to
allow us to suppose that interference will not be
attempted. Another class of men will always be
ready to resist those whom they consider imperti-
nent busybodies, meddleis in other men's matters;
hence violent collisions hetween the ultras of the
two parties are constantly to be apprehended and
to be guarded against. This is the avenue through
which discord, with its hydra train, will endeavor to
effect an entrance into our republican Government;
and it is from discord alone that we have anything
to fear; it alone can destroy the Union. Let us
avoid discord, then, as the discovered evil genius
of our institutions. It is an evil more to be dreaded
than the siroeco; it is a political miasma more fear-
fnl^ than a pestilence, it is an instrument whose
strings are swept only by the bree7.es of an ap-
proaching desolation. Dangers from without may
roll upon the Union, high as our mountains, and
not a timber shall he started, not a sail rent. Our
noble ship,guided byaunltedand concordant crew,
shall ride the storm, and, upon its subsidence, pur-
sue its onward voyage without the loss of a spar
oi a spike. But discords from within shall cause
the staunchest ship the world hath yet seen to go
down,
" Deeper than plummet ever sounded,"
carrying with it the fast best hopes of the oppressed
of all nations, shipwreckingat oncetheexpectations
of patriots, and reanimating the hopes of the mon-
archists of the old world. And who would thus
thrust out our'ship from her peaceful moorings into
an unknown sea, in a starless night, without an an-
chor, compass, or chart, and at a time when the
dearest interests of man are bound up in its destiny?
Gentlemenmayreasonandaigue; they may talk of
the blessings of universal liberty; expatiate upon
the beauties of political equality; the tendencies of
association, and of the more general diffusion of
knowledge. The cementing influence of iron and
telegraphic systems of intercommunication—of
trade and of emigration—to strengthen our bonds
of Union, maybe complacently dwelt upon; but
the union of these States goes down into the same
grave that entombs the rights of the South—that
entombs the right, among others, to possess a just
and equitable portion of all territory acquired by a
disbursement of the common treasure, or won by
a union of our common arms. This truth is as
abiding and as immutable as justice. See ye to it
whom it may concern.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. EDWARD LONG,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
January 9, 1847.
The House, in Committee of the Whole, (Mr. G.
S. Houston, of Alabama, in the chair,) having
under consideration the bill to raise, for a limited
time, an additional Military Force, and for other
purposes—
Mr. LONG having obtained the floor, addressed
the committee as follows:
I rise, Mr. Chairman, with unaffected diffidence
upon this important question. T had sincerely
hoped that a question of such transcendant inter-
est, at the present juncture, would not be viewed
through the medium of party, but that all sectional
and party feelings would be sacrificed upon the
altar of patriotism. This is emphatically a ques-
tion "eternal as the hills," and must survive the
ephemeral distinctions of party. I will not now
enter into Uib discussion whether the Rio Grande
should have been crossed. I will not look behind
the rccord. The proclamation of 13th May, sanc-
tioned by the Congress of the United States—the
great Amphictyonic council of the nation—has de-
clared the United States to be in a state of war,
provoked by Mexico; and whilst a state of war
thus exists, I feel constrained to sustain the flog of
my country. I will not attempt to nullify and set
at naught the existing law of the land, particularly
at this crisis, when a hostile force is arrayed against
us. "JVon tali tempore cogere concilium cum rrvuros
ubsidet ko&tisStanding here as the representative
of a district unsurpassed for patriotism and intelli-
gence, I will not attempt to paralyze the arm of the
Executive of the United States, by withholding the
necessary supplies and requisitions of war. Such
a coursc, in my humble opinion, is virtually yield-
ing the " vantage ground" to gentlemen of the Ad-
ministration; and I sincerely hope and believe, that
notwithstanding the ardor of debate, the vote upon
the final passage of this bill will be overwhelming
in its favor.*" <
Sir, we know with what virulence Mr. Webster
has been assailed by his opponents, upon the charge
of not voting the necessary supplies during the late
war. Sir, 1 do not stand here for the purpose of
endorsing the charge; but we know, that colossal
as he is in intellect, standing preeminent upon the
great constitutional questions of the day, his oppo-
nents, whenever his name has been associated with
the Presidential chair, have regarded his course
upon the late war as the most assailable point of
his political fortress. I need only advert to the
taunt of Poindexter, of Mississippi, upon the floor
of the United States Senate, on the 19th February,
1833, as corroborative of this. It is within the
memory of us all, with what indignation the nation
regarded the instructions to Mr. McLane, our min-
ister to England, from Mr. Van Buren, while Sec-
retary of State, when he adverted to differences in
our political family.
Sir, the American people are sensitive upon this
point, and wish to be regarded as an unbroken
phalanx in ail their external and foieign relations.
cannot, for the life of me, comprehend the dis-
tinction, that we can rally for the country while at
war, and still oppose all the measures of national
redress. I have my stiong party attachments and ;
feelings, but, if I know my own heart, I am pie-
* The result proved, 176 yeas, 34 nays. '
pared, in all sincerity, and with all purity of mo-
tive, to render to the Administration, to which the
destinies of the country have been confided, a hear-
ty, generous, and ardent support, in the present
crisis. I adhere to the doctrines of the father of
his country, when he indignantly put down the
arrogant distinction which Genet, the French Min-
ister, attempted to draw between the people of the
United States, as contradistinguished from their
constituted authorities.
I regard the Rubicon as now passed, and I elect
to take my stand as uncompromisingly opposed to
Mexico, until an honorable peace be attained. It
is not now necessary for me to taunt the Execu-
tive with having permitted Santa Ana to return to
Mexico; nor will I, by my course, suffer myself
to be jeered at, as sustaining a policy which sub-
serves the interests of Santa Ana. But, sir, we are
told that this is an unjust war, illegally waged. I
will not libel the illustrious dead by giving utter-
ance to such a sentiment. Were the heroic Ring-
gold, the intrepid Cross, and chivalrous Watson,
prosecuting an aggressive and unjust war when,
they fell as martyrs in their country's cause ? W ith
a fame.not less distinguished than that of Leonidas
and his Spartans, they are canonized by their eoun-
trymen;and themournful pageant lately witnessed,
when age and youth vied in expressions of condo-
lence, and when beauty poured its tears upon the
bier, exhibits the proud spectacle of a nation duly
appreciating patriotism and chivalry. Sir, those
gallant men died in no unjust war, unrecognised by
their country. Their martyrdom has acted as an
incentive to further patriotic efforts on the part of
the country; and so long as patriotism and chiv-
alry are appreciated, their fame will last. Sir, I
am opposed to the prosecution of this war for con-
quest purely. But what is proposed by those op-
posed ? If we remain still and fold our arms, we
are covered with dishonor. Are we prepared to
show the "white feather" after the gallant achiev-
ments of Palo Alto, Resaca de la Palma, afid Mon-
terey?
We have been told that the opposition to this
war is not marked by greater asperity here, than
; the prosecution of the war against the colonies was
l characterized in the debate in the British Parlia-
ment. Sir, there is no analogy between the cases.
Does Mexico stand to us in the relation of bone of
our bone and flesh of our flesh, as {he colonies did
to Great Britain ? Was Mexico compelled to leave
us, as the colonies did their homes, for civil and
religious liberty ? Have we attempted to tax Mex-
ico without suffering her to be represented, or made
any attempt in that regard ?
Sir, I will pursue the"contrast no further. There
, is no more resemblance between the cases, than
Hyperion has to a Satyr. Lord Brougham has
recently declared, in the British Parliament, that
the conduct of the mother country to the colonies
was unjust, and not susceptible of vindication.
Various subjects have been introduced, in the
course of the present debate, which were wholly
foreign to the subject immediately under discus-
sion, and which I shall not stop or turn aside to
notice.
But among the rest of these irrelevant topics,
that of negro slavery had been mentioned, with all
its horrors and its difficulties; and this m a debate
I exclusively connected with the foreign relations of
: the country! For what purpose could this have
; been done? Of what avail could it possibly be, to
! thus perpetually annoy that House and the people
of the United States, upon a subject which had
long since been provided for and settled by com-
I promise? Were the people of the South to have
no peace on that question ? Must this constant
crusade be kept up against an institution, pecu-
■ liarlv and exclusively their own? Why could not
gentlemen imitate the conduct of the divine Author
: of the Christian religion, who left slavery, then
i existing all around him, to the slow progress of
, time, and the gradual influence of the principles
1 promulgated by himself and his apostles? This
> would have been to copy after a divine exemplar.
r Why constantly be irritating and lacerating the
, feelings of those who were entitled to equal lights
: on that floor, and to equal consideration and respect
i with the representatives of other portions of the
Union? Did patriotism depend on the question,
whether certain territory should hecome slave ter-
ritory or free? 1 had hoped that, in relation to
