1847.]
APPENDIX* TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Long.
Ho. of Reps.
those subjugated provinces of Mexico, we should
have presented to our enemy anfunbroken front,
and then leave the final arrangements in regard to
territory where they rightfully belonged, in the
hands of the treaty-making power.
Had not this question of slavery, as affecting
different portions of the Union, been already set-
tled in the provisions of the Constitution? Charles
Pinckney, of South Carolina, (a name once cele-
brated in the annals of this country,) had stated
that the permission to continue slavery had been
a concession by the eastern to the southern States,
on account of the advantages which the former
enjoyed from the grant to Congress of the power
to regulate commerce, which would give to these
States a gradual monopoly of the shippinginterest.
The South had at first insisted that no navigation
act should be passed, but with the consent of two-
thirds of both branches of Congress. And why
had this point been yielded? Because the North
conceded to the South the right to import slaves
up to 1808. He would read a brief extract from
the debates in the Convention:
" Mr. Pincknev moved to postpone the report, in favor of
the following proposition:
"1 That no act of the Legislature, for the purpose of regu-
(lating the commerce of the United States with foreign Povv-
f ers and among the several States, shall be parsed without
1 the assent of two-thirds of the. members of each House.'
"He remarked that there were five distinct commcreial
interests: 1. The fisheries and West India trade, which
belonged to the New England States. 2. The interest of
New York lay in a free trade. 3. Wheat and flour, the sta-
ples of the two middle States, (New Jersey and Pennsylva-
nia.) 4. Tobacco, the staple of Maryland and Virginia, and
partly of Noith Cdiolaia. 5. Rice and indigo, the staples
of South Carolina and Georgia. Tnese diftejerit interests
would be a source of oppressive regulations, if no check to
a bare majouty should be piovided. States pursue their
interests with less scruple than individuals. The puwei of
regulating commerce was a pure concession on the part of
the southern States. They did not need the piotection of
the northern States at piescnt.
« Mr. Martin" seconded the motion.
"General Pinckney said it was the true interest of the
southern States to have no regulation of commeice; but,
considering the loss brought on the commerce of the
eastern States by the Revolution, their liberal conduct to-
wards the views-* of South Carolina, and the interest the
weak southern States had in being united with the strong
eastern States, he thought it proper that no fetters should be
imposed on the power of making commercial regulations,
and that his constituents, though prejudiced against the
eastern States, would be reconciled to this libeiahty. lie
had himself, he said, prejudices against the eastern States
befoie he came here, but would acknowledge that he had
found them a« liberal and candid as any men whatever."
By this mutual relinquishment, the question of
slavery had been reduced to an equipoise, and per-
manent harmony (as it was hoped) established be-
tween the several portions of the Union.
How long, then, was this vexed question to be
thrown up here, to agitate the councils of the
Union, and alienate the feelings of legislators from
each other?
Were I so disposed, Mr. Chairman, t might
throw back upon gentlemen from the North the
offensive imputations they seemed ever ready to
cast in the faces of their southern friends, by in-
quiring who had been most active in bringing slaves
into the "Union, and fixing the institution on the
South ? But 1 will forbear. I have no desire to
retaliate injurious or unfriendly reflections. If
gentlemen would examine the past history of this
whole exciting subject, they would find that the
South had ever acted on the broad principles of the
Constitution, and had at all times been willing to
sustain it. They were still willing. Let them look
at the practical operation of the taxing power; it
fell mainly upon the South.
Sir, the eider Adams had entertained very differ-
ent views on this subject from those which were
now expressed here. H§ had pronounced the con-
dition of the fishermen, in his region of the Union
particularly, to be as abject as that of the slaves of
the South. 1 will here read a portion of the argu-
ment of that able statesman on this subject. The
argument was made upon the question of taxing
the southern States in proportion to the white pop-
ulation alone. On that Question what said Mr.
Adams ?
<kMr. John Adams observed, that the numbers of people
are taken, by this article, as an index of the wealth of the
*{c He meant the permission to import slaves. An under-
standing on the two subjects of navigation and slavery had
taken place between those parts of the Union, which ex-
plains the vote on the motion depending, as well as the lan-
guage of General Pinckney and others."—Note by Mr. Mad-
UtOtU
State, and not as subjects of taxation; that, as to this matter,
it was of no consequence by what name you called your pet-
pie, whethe.r by that of freemen or of slaves; that, in some
countries, the laboring poor are called freemen, in others
they were called slaves; but that the difference as to the
State was imaginary only. What matters it whether a land-
lord, employing ten laborers on his farm,give them annually
as much money as will buy them the necessaries of life, or*
give them those necessaries at short hand? The ten labor-
ers add as much wealth to the State, increase its exports as
much, in the one case as the other. Certainly five hundred
freemen produce no more profits, no greater surplus for the
payment of taxes, than five hundred slaves. Therefore the
State m which are the laborers called freemen, should be
taxed no more than that in which are those called slaves.
Suppose, by an extraordinary operation of nature or of law,
one-half the laborers of a State could, in the course of one
night, be transformed into >Iaves; would the State be made
the poorer, or the less able to pay taxes ? That the condition
of the labonng poor in most countries—THAT OF THE
FISHERMEN, PARTICULARLY, OF THE NORTHERN
STATES-IS AS ABJECT AS THAT OF SLAVES."
Could stronger language have been used ? The
men whom gentlemen from the North and the East
were so proud of eulogizing, in whose praise they
often quoted the fervid language of Burke, were
declared, by this son of New England, to be in a
condition as abject as that of the slaves of the
South. Yet, after the New England States had
secured to themselves the advantage of the fishing
bounties, and the power to regulate commerce,
they turned upon their southern brethren with re'
proaches on the subject of that slavery which had
been the equivalent for yielding these advantages.
Was this just? Was it fair?
I come from a State now slaveholding, but
which, in the regular and natural course of things,
will become a non-slaveholdins; State; but whether
Maryland were the one or the other, this would
not in the least alter my views on the general sub-
ject. I should entertain and advocate the same
sentiments, if I were a resident of New Hamp-
shire, which I hold now. I reside in a State
which, in this contest about slavery, is destined to
be the Flanders of this Union; it is in this State
that the great battle must be fought, and fought
out. On this delicate question, were gentlemen
prepared to sunder this happy union of States?
Would they enfeeble the arm of the Executive in
conducting the ivar of his country, rather than not
get the free territory that they wanted? I advise
gentlemen to let the arrangement of that matter be
left to circumstances. I beg them not thus, in
advance, to conjure up difficulties on the subject
of slavery. This was an affair pertaining to the
South, and the South knew how to manage it for
themselves. Let the General Government but at-
tend to the management of its own concerns, the
South would never invoke its interference in theirs.
They had no fears for the safety of their condi-
tion. Gentlemen wasted their eloquence and their
ingenuity m conjuring up ghosts to scare their
southern friends. The people of the South enter-
i tained no fears for their hearths or their altars.
, But if gentlemen were resolved to persevere in
| their attacks upon southern interests and southern
j feelings, and were willing for this to sweep away,
! in the furious storm of civil war, all the blessings
| secured to us by the Union, on their heads be the
| fearful responsibility. Thciis would be the un-
[ enviable immortality which was attained by the
' destroyer of the temple of Ephesus. The man
1 whose mad fanaticism against slavery should suc-
; ceed in tearing down this fair temple of human
| freedom, would have the solace of remembering
I that his rash hand had destroyed the hopes of all
' the oppressed millions of the old world, and had
j extinguished the last light of liberty which shone
i on the darkness of the human race. Could men
be found who would encounter the risk of doing
this in a wild crusadc in behalf of an abstraction?
They might, for their reward, enjoy the sad privi-
; lege of sitting, like Marius amidst the rums of
! Carthage, contemplating the broken columns and
I disrupted arches of one of the noblest structures
I ever raised by the hands of man. Who here
j would be such a parricide ? To expect the South
j to surrender this question to the crude notions of
! northern Abolitionists was absurd. They would
i not—they dare not d© it. The precepts of Holy
j Writ forbade them, for it declared, that " he that
1 provideth not for his own, and for those of his
; own household, hath denied the faith, and is worse
j than an infidel.5' If gentlemen expected the men
of the South to yield up their altars and their
I hearths to the mad schemes of men who had
but one idea, and were prepared to sacrificsto that
all that was dear to their fellow-citizens, they were
grossly mistaken. Gentlemen might declaim as
long and as loudly as they pleased, but ultimately
this question must be settled by the sword; and
the day might yet come when we might have a
Lucan to lament over our victories. When that
war of father against son, and of brother against
brother, should come, it would be a war against
the first principles of liberty. It was perfectly
certain, that in a contest like that the African must
succumb to the Anglo-Saxon race; and the friends
of abolition will have succeeded only in defeating
the object for which they contended.
I do not charge the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kmc] with any design to disturb the peace
of the country, or break the happy bonds of its
Union. He claimed, and so did his friends, to be
influenced by patriotism—by a patriotic attachment
to the best interests of their country. I hope they
are what they claimed to be; but would their pa-
triotism ooze out of their fingers' ends, like Bob
Acres'courage, if they did not succeed in carry-
ing this restriction against slavery m all the new
territory th*t ever should hereafter be added to
this Union? However this might be with those
gentlemen, the men of the South wanted no ques-
tion precedent to the impulses of their patriotism.
They were prepared to fight for their country to
the last, without any ?/first to be settled.
But to return to the subject of this war. If I
were permitted to go behind the record, what a
scene of destruction of life and property could I
not. exhibit! J could point to the persevering re-
jection of all peaceful overtures by Mexico, and
her contumelious refusal to receive a minister with
the olive branch of peace. These formed proper
causes for war, without urging the point that a
war might be vindicated as a mode of coercing in-
demnity. But gentlemen said that this would
make it a war on a mere question of dollars and
ccnts; and even if so, would it not furnish a legiti-
mate ground for war? And did you mean to let
Mexico escape under a national bankrupt act?
How could the United States obtain a just settle-
ment of the account with Mexico, except by the
compulsory law of arms ? They had now resort-
ed to war—that ultima ratio reguin; and they were
bound, by every consideration of self-respect, and
interest, and national honor, to prosecute it, until
all its just ends were fully accomplished.
. But it was also a war for boundary; and what
had been the ground of that war with which we
had recently been threatened from another quar-
ter? Was not that a question of boundary? It
seemed that the days of patriotism were gone,
which we once had witnessed in this country.
We were all familiar with the fact, that when Tal-
leyrand, in behalf of the French Directory, upon
the eve of negotiating a treaty with the United
States, required money on the part of our minister
as an indispensable preliminary to the negotiation,
the venal demand was indignantly spurned; and
when the insulting demand of a douceur was
known to the American people, but one sentiment
reverberated through, the entire Union—" Millions
for defence, but not a cent for tribute /" John Ad-
ams, who was then in the chair of the Union, de-
clared at that time that he never would send anoth-
er minister, unless lie was first sure he would be
received as the minister of a great nation. Such
were the patriotic sentiments of our republic in its
infancy; but now, when we had offered Mexico
peace, and our offcrs had been rejected, we were
taunted by gentlemen with the charge of going to
war on a question of dollars and cents ! I do not
want to prosecute this war for territory alone. I
should prefer that the Government mark out what
was our fair and proper boundary line, and sus-
tain it by the power of the nation. But do not let
gentlemen prove themselves the mere architects of
ruin—abusing everything that was done, and pro-
posing nothing.
If a tax upon tea and coifee were necessary to
meet the exigencies of the Government, I am pre-
pared to vote for it.. True, I was opposed to
taxing these articles at the last session, when the
tariff had been under consideration, and I deem a
tax inexpedient now; but I had, and still have, an
ulterior view. I was, and still am, ready to get
for the country all the benefits from this war that
lean. I hoped that an incidental benefit would
