#
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 15,
29TH Cong....2D SESS.
The Slavery Question—Mr. liheit.
Ho. of Reps.
-accrue to the country from the pressure of the war
debt, and compel the Government to restore the
protective features of the tariff of 1842, with modi-
fications, so that we might thus be enabled to,carry
out the system of protection to our,home industry.
As a Whig, I was actuated by that view, and
have no hesitation to avow it. Gentlemen might,
perhaps, think the hope delusive; but I cherish it.
I am willing that a tax on tea and coffee should be
incurred, rather than that the character, honor,
and interest of the country should be sacrificed.
The members of this House, the people of the
country, have a vocation from Heaven as the
guardians of the sacred principles of human free-
dom. If liberty should be destroyed, they would
be responsible. I will, therefore, act in the spirit
ofthe charge given to the Roman dictators: "Caveto
ne respublica quid detrimtnti capiat." It pertained
to us to see thfit this republic received no injury.
Should the holy fire that now lingered on this the
latest altar of liberty among men, once be quench-
ed, J know of no Promethean touch that can re-
suscitate the flame. " But once put out that light,
I know not where is the Promethean heat that
can thy light relumine !"
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF ME. R. B. RHETT,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
Januanj 15, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Oregon Territory
Bill, excluding slavery from that Territory—
Mr. RHETT said:
Mr. Speaker: I agree in opinion with those who
have expressed regret at the introduction of the
subject of slavery at the present session into the
discussions of Congress. It was introduced here,
at the last session, most unwarrantably,! think,
from Pennsylvania, on the proposition to appropri-
ate two millions of money to facilitate a peace with
Mexico. On the same proposition it has been again
introduced, at the present session, from New York;
and on the hill before you it stands out in strong
relief, in the clause prohibiting slavery in the Oie-
gon Territory, after a vote refusing to recognise
the Missouri compromise. Under such circum-
stances, it appears to me impossible to avoid the
agitation of this question. The South is compelled
to defend herself, or stand mute and inactive under
aggression and insult. The present state of things
is not the growth of yesterday. When I came here
ten years ago, T found the question of slavery in
Congress: and if the policy I then proposed had
been pursued, 1 think it would have been suppress-
ed, and suppressed effectually. A member from
Vermont, since made a Governor of that State on
account of the hostility he displayed to the institu-
tions of the South, thought proper to enter upon
the discussion of slavery in the States. I proposed
to the southern gentlemen that we should leave this
Hall. They did so; and had they followed up that
decisive step with other corresponding measmes,
to protect themselves and their people from insult
and aggression upon this floor on the subject of
slavery, wc would have had peace, and the'Union
greater strength. There are occasions, with States
as with individuals, when in courage only there is
safety, and boldness is true frisdom. We faltered;
and from that day to this 1 have witnessed anti-
slavery agitations at every Congress which has
sincc assembled. The very men who told us that
the twenty-fhst rule was the cause of these agita-
tions, have themselves now commenced it, although
that rule is repealed, and we are involved in war,
and the territory is not yet obtained from which
they propose in the South to exclude slavery.
Democrats now, not Whigs, are the assailants;
whilst both parties from the free States join in our
exclusion and denunciation. Sir, I do'not think
we can avoid this question; and, if we are to meet
if, the sooner the better—the better for the South,
the better for the whole Union.
The question made by the bill is, has Congress
the power of excluding the people of the southern
States from entering and colonizing with their
slaves the territories of the United States? The
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] and others,
a'ffirm that it has, because the sovereignty of the
Territories is in the Government of the United
States. That is their position, and the only posi-
tion which can justify their conclusion; for in my-
, Judgment there cannot be a higher act of sovereign-
ty than determining the persons who shall consti-
tute members of the body politic, or be excluded
from the territory belonging to a State. If the
principle is good, that sovereignty over our Terri-
tories is in either the Congress or the Government
of the United States, I yield the conclusion—the
right in Congress to exclude slavery from their
limits. The discretion in Congress rules the ques-
tion, a majority governsthe minority; and, for one,
I will bgw in acquiescence. But I deny the prin-
ciple; I deny that sovereignty is in either Congress
or this Government. To show where the sover-
eignty is, in our system of government, must
carry us up to its first principles, and there I pro-
pose to lead the argument.
Before, however, we enter upon the merits of
the grave questions involved in the discussion, it
is of the utmost importance that we should under-
stand the terms we use. Half of the sophistries
in argument consist in the abuse of words. It is
about sovereignty we are to reason. What does
the word sovereignty mean? The meaning ofthe
word is well understood by publicists; and by
those of England, from whence we have chiefly
derived our ideas of the principles of free govern-
ment, it is defined to be " the supreme ultimate au-
thority in a State." This authority must exist
somewhere, or else there can be 110 government;
and it is chiefly in making or unmaking the funda-
mental law, or constitution of a State, that its su-
preme attributes are displayed. Its powers, indeed,
are exercised in all the actions of the government;
since all, the very least, directly or indirectly,
emanate from its authority. But the powers of
sovereignty are one thing, and its being is another.
The faculty uf speech, and the use of our limbs,
arc powers of a man, but they are not the man.
And so it is with sovereignty in a State, which
exists not only in the forms of its action, but in
being the source, the principle of all action, the su-
preme ultimate authority, by which all forms of
action in government exist. In despotisms, sov-
ereignty exists in the will of a single individual,
which, for (lie time being, is the fundamental law.
In mixed governments, like that of England, all
her publicists agree that the sovereignty is in the
King, Lords, and Commons in Parliament. In
republican governments, like ours, I shall maintain
that it is in the people of the States.
Now, let us examine, first, before we ascend to
general principles, the clause of the Constitution,
on which the gentleman from Indiana relies, to
show that sovereignty over the territories, is in the
Government of the United States. "The Con-
' gress shall have power to dispose of, and make
' all needful rules and regulations respecting, the
1 territory or other property belonging to the United
' States." Here, 111 the first place, nothing is said
about the Government of the United States. What-
ever power is conceded by the clause is conceded
to "the Congress." What is Congress ? The fitst
clause in the Constitution answers—"All legisla-
' tive powers herein granted shall be vested in a
' Congress of the United States, which shall eon-
4 sist of a Senate and House of Representatives.''
The Senate and House of Representatives are very
far'short of being the Government of the United
States. But let us stride over this difficulty, al-
though rather awkward for a strict constructionist.
Suppose Congress to be the Government, what
■ power docs the clause convey? "To dispose of,
; ' and make all needful rules and regulations con-
; ' cerninjr, the territory or other property belonging
i ' to the United States." Does the power (i to dis-
! pose of and make all needful rules and rcgula-
| dons," imply sovereignty? Mark, sir, how far
1 short this phraseology is in its scope of that other
1 clause in the Constitution which relates to " the
' other property" of the United States—the forts,
; arsenals, magazines, and dock yards. Over these,
| and over this District, Congress "is to exercise
j exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever." Does
I not the clause relate to the territory only as prop-
j erty,and confer only powers necessary for its dis-
} position and control as property? It speaks of the
1 territories in connexion with the (t other property"
of the United States. Congress can sell the lands
lying within the territory,and, to secure purchasers
and settlers in their persons and property, they
can make " all needful rules and regulations," es-
tablish territorial governments, and pass laws.
This, it appears to me, is all the authority the
clause confers;* and this authority is vested, not in
the Government, but in Congress. Suppose the
owners of a factory should convey to an agent the
power contained in this clause, " to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations concerning
it," would it make him the proprietor? On the
contrary, would not directly the contrary inference
arise from his accepting such a trust? Yet this is
the language by which sovereignty is claimed to be
in the Government of the United States, authori-
zing the expulsion of one-half of the States out of
our territories. But the clause itself directly repu-
diates the idea that either Congress or the Govern-
ment have any property, much less sovereignty
over our territories. Its words are, " territory and
other property belonging to the United States." Here
is a direct affirmation that our territory does not
"belong''1 either to Congress or the Government.
Now,although it does notfollow that where there is
property (for property may belong to individuals)
there is sovereignty; yet where there is no prop-
erty, over an unsettled country, there cannot be
sovereignty. The " supreme ultimate authority"
cannot exist where there is neither the inferior
right of property, which exists in individuals, or
the higher right by the eminent domain. The
clause, however, does not stop at negativing, by
implication, the idea that the Government has the
sovereignty over our territories, but it directly as-
serts where the property and the sovereignty over
them are—"belonging to the United StatesHere
is the great truth which dissipates all mists and fal-
lacies.
Sir, it is a truth, vital to all free popular gov-
ernments, that sovereignty can never be in gov-
ernment. The fundamental doctrine, on which all
our free institutions rest, is that government is no-
thing of itself, but is simply the agent of the peo-
ple. Make government sovereign, and the people
are subject. They are ruled, and do not rule them-
selves. To attempt to alter, change, or abolish the
forms of government over them will, then, not be
a right in the people, but treason to the existing
government, for which they may rightfullybe gib-
beted or put to the sword. I repeat the position,
that sovereignty in free popular governments can
never be in the government. It is, under our sys-
tem of government, neither in the General nor In
the State Governments. Both are but agencies, to
carry on in cooperation the grandest schemes of
free government the world has ever seen on the
part of the people—the people of the States, who
alone are sovereign. They, voting as separate po-
litical communities, made the Constitution and Gov-
ernment of the United States. Each State voted
on every clause of the Constitution separately; and
separately, as a whole, adopted it for itself. Rhode
Island and North Carolina remained long out of
the Union after the Government was in full oper-
ation over other States. The States were sovereign
before they entered the Union—sovereign to keep
out of it or to enter it—and sovereign now, unless
it can be clearly shown that they have surrendered
their sovereignty. That they are sovereign now,
nothing can proclaim more clearly than their con-
trol over the whole system of government. Next
to creating a government, the greatest test of sov-
ereignty is the power to alter, change, or abolish
| it. Where does this power reside by the Consti-
] tution? In the States. As they made it, as eo-
j equal sovereigns, without any "agreement on their
I part, by the assent of every State only, could the
1 Constitution, their joint compact, be amended,
j No other State or States can alter or change the
i constitution or laws of a sovereign State unless
i there is an agreement to that effect; and then this
| agreement operates as a practical adoption of the
] amendments by the State. The same sovereign
authority which made the agreement with another
State, sanctions and authorizes amendments to the
Constitution made in conformity to its powers.
The States have modified their sovereign authority
in this respeet. They have expressly agreed, in
the fifth article of the Constitution, that the will of
all shall not be necessary to amend it, but that three-
fourths of them (eaeh State acting separately) shall
