1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Rhett.
Ho. of Reps.
change the Constitution and Government at their
discretion. Here, then, the creating power and
the amending power in this Government are both
with the States. Where else can the sovereignty
reside? Gentlemen say, with the Government.
Why, the Government can absolutely do nothing
whatever to alter or change a single feature of its
organization. It is powerless to amend, as it was
to create, the Constitution. Wit ever heard of
before that sovereignty resides where not only there
is no supreme ultimate authority, but no authority
whatever to touch the organic law ? Here, in this
Government, is subordination—absolute subordina-
tion—the creature and dependent on the States for
its form of existence, and existence itself; yet the
Government is sovereign ! Can anything' produce
such positions but the grossest confusion of ideas
■and abuse of terms ? Congress, it is true, can do a
little towards amending the Constitution. It can
(two-thirds of both branches agreeing) propose
amendments for the consideration of the States.
But this is all it can do. They may consider or
not consider, reject or adopt such amendments, ac-
cording to their sovereign discretion. Nor is the i
power of moving in the matter of amendments '
alone with Congress. Every State, by its Legis-
lature, can propose amendments, and when two-
thirds of them agree, on application to Congress,
" Congress shall call a convention of all the States"
to consider the Constitution. But the power of
proposing amendments does not imply sovereignty.
On the contrary, if this was all the power retained
by the States over the Constitution, it would be an
infallible proof that they had alienated their sov-
ereignty. Sovereignty consists in the actual su-
preme authority by which the Constitution and
Government is changed. This is m the States,
and may be exercised by them, although Congress,
in both branches, and every man in the Govern-
ment of the United States, may be opposed to its
exercise. Congress has no option in the matter.
When the States demand a convention to revise
the Constitution, "Congress shall call a conven-
tion." They are merely the instrument by which
the sovereign parties to the Constitution make
known to each other their sovereign will to revise
their compact. The convention, therefore, assem-
bles at their call, and any amendments it may pro-
pose goes to the States alone, who sanction or
reject them, they displaying throughout that su-
preme ultimate authority in which sovereignty con-
sists.
But there is another test, the strongest, except-
ing the amending power, to show where sover-
eignly resides in a government. Treason is a vio-
lation on the part of a citizen or subject, of his
allegiance to his sovereign. To show where sover-
eignty is in our Government, we need but show
against whom the Constitution says treason must
be committed. The framers of the Constitution
had themselves been too long near the perils of
treason not to understand the signification of the
term, and the strict necessity of putting it on its
true relations between citizen and sovereign. It
affects, too, the existence of the body politic; and,
therefore, has ever been considered the highest in
the catalogue of crimes; always, by all nations,
punished with death. What says the Constitu-
tion ? Surely if Congress or the Government is
sovereign, treason will consist in some way or
other in resisting their supreme authority. The
words of the Constitution are, " treason against the
1 United States shall consist only in levying war
' against them, or adhering to their enemies, givinc
' them aid and comfort." Here, apparently, as a
matter of course, the United States are alone men-
tioned as those against whom treason can be com-
mitted; and it consists in levying war against
"them," or adhering to " their" enemies. ° The !
words them and their show clearly that the United ;
States do not consist of a single sovereignty; for i
then " her" or " it" would have been used in the
Constitution. But itconsists of many sovereignties, i
the States of the Union united. Against " them,"
therefore, the war must be levied, or the adherence ■
must be to "their" enemies, to constitute that!
violation of allegiance due to sovereignty, in I
which ^ treason consists. It would be bold argu-
ment, in the face of this plain declaration in the
Constitution, to contend that sovereignty was in
" the people of the United States" as one people.
That used to be the old heresy of consolidationists;
although, in point of fact, there never has been
any such people, and, unless by revolution, never
can be; but it is still bolder to maintain, that sov-
ereignty is in Congress or in the Government.
Neither Congress, nor the Government, nor the
people  { the United States, are mentioned in the-
Constitution as those against whom treason can
be committed. But, had the Constitution asserted
that the people of the United States, as a single
people, should be sovereign in the confederacy,
and be those against whom treason should be com-
mitted—it would have asserted a very plausible
theory, which a large party in t!ie Union, from its
commencement, have been endeavoring to ingraft
upon it by usurpation. The great fundamental
doctrine of our free institutions, that the people are
sovereign, would not be contravened by such a
theory. But, to put up Congress or the Govern-
ment as sovereign, is an aristocracy of federalism,
that, I believe, lias never heretofore been heard of
until this debate.
Mr. Speaker, it is these same " United States,"
against whom treason can alone be committed, to
whom the Constitution, in its third section, affirms
that our territories belong—" belonging to the Uni-
ted States." The least reflection, it appears tome,
would show, that the territories could, under our
system of government, belong nowhere else. If this
Government was made by the States—is alterable
alone by the States—in fact, belongs to the States 
to whom, but the States, should any territory ac-
quired by this Government, their common agency,
belong? In the very nature of things, an agency can
never be supreme. In the very nature of things,
territory acquired, whether by conquest or by
treaty, must belong to the sovereignty of the coun-
try acquiring it. I think, therefore, that the the-
ory of the Constitution, as well as the words of
the Constitution, place the sovereignty over our
territory in the States. But suppose there was
room for doubts, grave doubts, on both of these
points—where, I ask, ought presumptions and con-
structions to place the sovereign power' Surely
it ought not to be on light grounds that the sover-
eignty of a State can be wrested from her. Sov-
ereignty is the life of a State. It is the last thing
it can or will surrender. When she parts with it
she commits political suicide, and transfers the
allegiance of her citizens, and the paramount obli-
gation to protect and defend her, to the command
of others. If a State, like the States in this Union,
has been sovereign, (which the Declaration of In-
dependence and the Articles of Confederation ex-
pressly affirm, and no one denies,) ought it not to
be clearly shown that she has snrrendeied her
sovereignty ? It cannot be surrendered in part, or
retained in part. It is " the supreme ultimate
authority," and therefore must be wholly retained
or wholly alienated. Subjection or subordination
of any kind, is absolutely inconsistent with sover-
eignty. Where is the clause in the Constitution
showing that this supreme power over their des-
tiny has been surrendered by the States ? There
is not one which even looks to any such conces-
sion; but, on the contiary, there are several like
those I have referred to, expressly showing that
they have fully retained their sovereignty. But if
these did not exist, shall the States he shorn of*1
their sovereignty by implication—by construction?
The Constitution is nothing but "a collection of
powers, which the sovereign States have agreed
to Exercise together by a common agency the Gov-
ernment; and it is a vast assumption to claim any
powers for this agency but those expressly and
plainly granted; but to construe the life out of a
State'—to infer a political "felo de sc," is a species
of logical profligacy, which only suits the argu-
ment of the sword. !
Sir, these views bring me to the extraordinary ]
position of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc- I
Clernanh.] He deals in inferences on quite a
splendid scale, not applicable to our Government !
i only, but to all Governments. He puts the sov-
] ereignty of Congress, or the Government, over our
territory, not on any grant in the Constitution,
but upon the ground that it is an incident to all
government to acquire territory; arid Government
having by this authority acquired territory, is sov-
ereign over it.
Now, admit the principle contended for, that it
is a necessary incident to all government to acquire !
territory, does the conclusion follow—that the I
Government, in our system of Government, is sov-
ereign over the territory? After the territory is
acquired, it matters nQt by what authority, does
it not fall under the provisions of the Constitution#
If it does, then the restrictions in the Constitution
determine with whom lies the property, as well a«
sovereignty, over the territory. But if it does not
fall under the provisions of the Constitution, then
Congress, or the Government, may give it away
to a foreign nation, or erect a monarchy within its
limits. Being sovereign, by a sort of political con-
venience, it can be responsible to no superior will
or control. But, I submit, such conclusions must
appear, from their simple statement, to be wrong.
All the provisions of the Constitution, or none,
extend over territory acquired- All the provisions
of the Constitution extend over them—those guar-
antying a republican form of government to alt
the States admitted, or to be admitted, into the-
Union, arising in our territories—prohibiting or-
ders of nobility—securing the habeas corpus act,
and trial by jury, to the citizen—and especially"
that provision in the Constitution defining the pow-
ers of Congress over our territories, and declaring'
to whom they belong—all are of force over any
acquired territory. Congress has no legislative
powers, but those " herein granted"—granted ill
the Constitution. But is the principle of Ihe gen-
tleman sounder than his conclusion? "It is the
necessary incident to all government to acquire
territory!" Sir, I think it would have been bettep
if the gentleman had announced his proposition in
another form: " It is the necessary incident of all
government to rob." For why should govern-
ment have, as a necessary incident, the right of
despoiling a neighbor of his territory, and not take
his other property? Land is only one species of
property. It may not be a whit less convenient,
and far more valuable, to take ships on the ocean,
or levy contributions from cities or towns. The
republic of Rome seemed to think that it was a
necessary incident to their Government, to exact
tribute from all nations. Their territory they
scorned. The Barbary Powers, a short time since,
confined this necessary incident in their Govern-
ment to the sea; and the commercial nations of all
Europe were put under contribution. We, how-
ever, did not like the doctrine, and abolished it at
once, by the potent arguments of gunpowder and
cannon. Mexico, also, has carried out this in-
cident to her Government, in despoiling our citi-
zens of many millions. Sir, I think to acquire
territory, or any other property, is not an incident
to any Government. Territory may be desirable
or convenient to a country, or it may be injurious
and dangerous. Location and circumstances must
determine the question of interest. Take the case
which gives rise to this discussion. Is the acqui-
sition of territory from Mexico necessary to the
existence or liberties of the Union? No one will
affirm that it is; whilst the veil of futurity covers
so thickly its results, that whether it will prove a
blessing or a curse, will strengthen or will dissolve
the Union, is the dark theme of fiercest specula-
tion. But admit the benefit—when territory is-
acquired, it must belong to those to whom the
government belongs. If the government belongs
to a despotism, then the territory belongs to the
despot; hut if the government belongs to the peo-
ple, then the territory belongs to the people—the
people of the States, with whom, in our system
of government, sovereignty exists. Whether the
Government of the United States can acquire ter-
ritory for the people of the United States, is no
longer a question. The power was strongly doubt-
ed on our first acquisition of territory; but the
Supreme Court, and the subsequent action of the
Government, have settled the question. But it
never has been settled, that the Government of the
United States is sovereign over the Territories;
and are, therefore, beyond the reach and limita-
tions of the Constitution.
Another doctrine has been announced, only a
little variant from that of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. It is said, that there is an inherent sover-
eignty in the Government of the United States,
whereby it acquires territory; and, when acquired,
this inherent sovereignty operates over the terri-
tory, beside and above the Constitution. It is not
easy to answer this position, because there is no
reasoning in it. It is naked assumption; and, if
it is good in regard to the territories, I cannot per-
