246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 15,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Rhett.
Ho. or Reps.
ceive that it will not hold good as to any other
object of Government. It, therefore, abolishes
the Constitution. I may not, however, understand
what gentlemen mean by inherent sovereignty.
In one sense, all sovereignty is inherent; but I
suppose the word " inherent" to be used as con-
tradistinguished from "derived." Formerly it
was argued, that sovereignty in the General Gov-
ernment, was derived from the States, through the
Constitution- of the United States, which, granting
sovereign powers, granted sovereignty. In this
view, the sovereignty must be co-extensive with
the granted powers only. But this will not suit
the new advocates for sovereignty, in the present
emergency. It will restrict the alleged sovereign
powers within the terms of the Constitution; and
the Constitution gives Congress only the power to
" dispose of and make all needful rules and regu-
lations concerning the territory and other property
belonging to the United States." This is a deci-
ded rebuff to their pretensions. They, therefore,
got up this inherent sovereignty in the Govern-
ment to acquire territory, that the Government and
Congress may be absolute over it when acquired,
and the free States may, by their instrumentality,
appropriate it all to themselves.  
Sir, here is a doctrine, at which the old Federal-
ists of '98 and '99 would have stood aghast.
They regarded the Constitution as paramount to
the Government in all its operations. They never
pretended to deduce any powers, but from its ex-
press provisions. They inferred powers by re-
fined construction, from its special grants, when
they passed the alien and sedition laws; but they
never claimed powers, much less the highest of all
powers—annihilating the Constitution—annihila-
ting the State sovereignties, and creating an irre-
sponsible despotism in the Union;—they never
claimed inherent sovereign power to be in the Gen-
eral Government. As citizens of proud Common-
wealths, as freemen in the Confederacy, they
would have spurned the idea that the General Gov-
ernment, in any of its operations, was above the
Constitution, above the States, and above the peo-
ple—capable, by its despotic behests, of acquiring
territory, and then lording it supreme over the
territory when acquired. Why, sir, cannot gen-
tlemen perceive, that when they talk of the Gov-
ernment being supreme in such a matter, they in
fact vest the sovereignty in the President? Who
is to acquire the territory, whether it be by ces-
sion or by conquest? The Executive must bo the
Government in the whole affair; and, if the Con-
stitution does not apply to it, why should he sub-
mit the matter to the consideration of the Senate?
Why should he ask Congress for means? Sov-
ereignty over a matter, implies omnipotence over
the means as well as the end. He may raise ar-
mies, and the taxes necessary to support them.
He may enter on a career of conquest; for his dis-
cretion, if he is sovereign, must govern as to the
territory it is the sovereign incident of the Govern-
ment to acquire, and the way of acquiring it. AH
his acts must be legitimate, no matter what may
be the consequences; and all that the people of the
United States will have to do will be to obey.
They, and the Constitution of the United States,
will be thrust aside as impertinences in the caieer
of this new sovereignty. If it is to be inherently
sovereign to acquire, and sovereign to rule after
the territory is acquired; to say that it is not to be
inherently sovereign also, as to the means to ac-
quire and rule, is arrant nonsense. It must be so
in the very nature of things; once put the Consti-
tution aside; and disguised as it may be by soft
phrases arid honeyed professions, this inherent sov-
ereignty, in all its monstrous proportions, stalks
forth, in argument, " every inch a king."
Sir, I fear that I have said too much on this prop-
osition oi inherent sovereignty. To discuss it may
look as if it had some show of reason to justify it.
It is indeed deplorable that such a doctrine should
be put foith in the Congress of the United States,
after the Constitution has been in operation fifty
years—and put forth by members of a party whose
corner-stone is laid in a strict adherence to the Con-
stitution. Is the contest of '98 and '99, and the
great principles of State sovereignty then rendered
triumphant, utterly forgotten? Or is it to be fought
over again with tenfold fury, not by Democrats
agaiiist^ Federalists, but by contending sections of
the tmon—the North against the South—and sla-
very the grand subject of controversy ? Sir, this
cannot be, if we will- be faithful to the Constitu-
tion, which, in itself, is adequate to every emer-
gency. Its faith, like the faith of the Jews of old,
cannot be violated with impunity. Peace and safe-
ty follow an adherence to its provisions; dangers
and troubles attend their violation. It declares,
that the territories belong to the United States:
They are tenants in common, or joint proprietors,
and co-sovereigns over them. As co-sovereigns
they have agreed, in their common compact, the
Constitution, that their agent, the General Govern-
ment, "may dispose of, and make all needful rules
and regulations," with respect to them; but, be-
yond this, they are not limited orlimitable in their
rights. Their sovereignty, unalienated and unim-
paired by this mutual concession to each other,
exists in all its plenitude over our territories; as
much so, as within the limits of the States them-
selves. Yet there can be no conflict; for none of
the States can make any " rules and regulations"
separately, within the territories, which may bring
them in conflict. The " rules and regulations"
prevailing, will be«made by all, and obligatory on
all, through their common agency, the Government
of the United States. The only effect, and proba-
bly the only object of their reserved sovereignty,
is, that it secures to each State the right to enter
the territories with her citizens, and settle and oc-
cupy them with their property—with whatever is
recognised as property by each State. The ingress
of the citizen, is the ingress of his sovereign, who
is bound to protect him in his settlement. It mat-
ters not, whether he carries those who are slaves
or not. He is not responsible to any of the co-
sovereigns, for the nature of his property. That
is an affair between him and his State. Nor cftn
the other States have any just ground of complaint,
because the southern States occupy a portion of the
territory common to them with their slaves. Did
not this institution exist, when they made the com-
pact of union with them ? Will not every foot of
territory acquired be purchased by their common
blood or treasure? And do they not know, that
the southern States must enter it with their slaves,
or not at all? Nay, more, that in vast regions,
where the Anglo-Saxon race cannot cultivate the
soil, they must be cultivated by a southern planter,
or bo left a wilderness? In exercising a common
right over a common property, the southern States
only do what the other States have also a right to
do, without giving any just cause for pleading sur- !
prise or injustice. But it will be a surprise—it will |
be a strange injustice, if a portion of the States,
whether free or slave, shall presume to set up their ,
will as supreme over the territories, and through \
Congress, or any other instrumentality, shall at-
tempt to exclude any of these co-States from pos-
sessing and colonizing them. This would practi-
cally be to assert, that the sovereignty over the ter-
ritories is not in all the States, but in the excluding
portion only. And if this may be asserted in ter- j
ritories, where the sovereignty of States is as com- j
plete as in the States, why may it not be asserted :
m the States? The exclusion of slavery is the j
pretext. But does not slavery also exist in the j
States ? And if, on this account, the sovereignty :
of States can be abolished in their territory, why |
not in the States themselves ? Is not the pretension !
as fatal to sovereignty in the States as in the terri- ;
tories—to slavery in the States as in the territories?
The principle is the same in both aspects; and,
whilst asserting it, gentlemen need not vaunt their
magnanimous forbearance towards slavery in the
States, whilst they strike it down in our territo-
ries. Their present want of power, not their prin- j;
ciples, may dictate such forbearance. We cannot, ■'
by yielding to their pretensions, place ourselves at ij
the mercy of their interests or fanaticism. The in- i!
stinct of existence itself forbids our acquiescence. !i
Turn, also, Mr. Speaker, to the effect on the !!
Government itself these pretensions must produce. |
It is not fanaticism, or a sense of right only, which :;
dictates this policy. Political power, the power i|
of the different sections of the Union, seeking the ij
mastery, is undoubtedly a strong element in the |j
proposed exclusion of slavery from our territory, ji
If a portion of our territory is settled by the south- ||
em States, twenty-eight thousand white inhabit- t <
ants may create a State—the rest of the seventy j
thousand required for a Representative in Congress i
being made up of slaves—three-fifths of whom are i
counted in representation. Two Senators in Con-
gress, and a Representative, follow to the southern
States. Now, it is designed to impede the growth
of the southern States, in political power, by ex-
cluding them from our territories. The North is
to grow indefinitely, and all our territories are to
be kept open for their special enjoyment and ag-
grandizement. Laying aside considerations of
policy, which urge us as strongly to resist as them
to persist in such pretensions—we ask, where is
the clause of the Constitution which gives Con-
gress the authority to control and determine the
relative political powers of the different sections of
the Union ? Where is the clause giving Congress
any power whatever over the constituency of the
Union? 'By excluding slavery out of the territo-
ries they determine the character of the constitu _
ency of the territories, and of the States which
shall arise out of the territories. Congress does
more: it affects, also, the taxing power under the
Constitution; for when direct taxes are laid, three-
fifths of th,e slaves are liable to taxation. This
was supposed, at the time the Constitution was
made, to be a great advantage to the free States.
By excluding slavery from the territories, this
source of revenue is extinguished in the territories,
and the States arising from them. I ask, again,
where is the authority in the Constitution to do
these things ? The Constitution has expressly left
it to the States to determine the qualifications of
voters for members'of Congress, plainly intima-
ting that it shall not control the character of its
constituency. Yet it exercises this right over the
territories, and ordains forever after, the nature of
the constituency of the States soon to arise out of
them. This seems to be an usurpation; but when
the constituency of Congress is thus regulated, not
with a view to Congress, but for the purpose of
controlling and altering the relative political power
of different sections of the Union, the usurpation
is still less tolerable. A common agency is used
by a part of the States, to spread their dominion
over the rest. This might be borne, if subjection
can be borne at all by a free people, did we see
that there was an identity of interests and institu-
tions between the different sections of the Union.
But the northern people, whilst seeking power
over the South, openly proclaim—have proclaimed
in this debate, that they abhor our institutions;
and that to overthrow and abolish them, is the
grand object of these usurpations. The South is
a minority, a weakening minority, by the rightful
and natural operation of things. She, therefore,
cannot injure the Worth. They alone have the
; weapon of aggression in their hands. It would be
I natural to suppose that, secure in power, they at
I least would be content to await the certain and
- rapid progress of events which must, in a few
years, crown them with the entire mastery of the
Union. But they will not wait. They stride over
the Constitution to reach our institutions; and force
us, by their hasty and reckless aggressions, to
1 ponder over our destiny, when, by a tame and
long acquiescence, we shall stand suppliants at
: their mercy. Our fate, no dark oracles need ex-
j pound. It is trumpeted in advance—proclaimed
; m tones of triumph and scorn in this very debate,
which should reach every wild and hamlet in the
1 South.
Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to show that
the exclusion of the southern States, with their
slaves, from the territory embraced in the hill, is
without authority. For that territory we care but
little, since it is not probable that a single planter
would ever desire to set his foot within its limits.
But the right is important, because it applies to
future acquisitions of territory; and by refusing to
acknowledge the obligation of the Missouri com-
promise, you force open the whole question of
power. I have endeavored to show, that it involves
the integrity of the Constitution, the sovereignty
of the States, and the liberties and safety of the
southern States. In lifting the argument to its
high and proper principles, my purpose has been
to raise it, also, if possible, above the passions it
is so well calculated to excite. Sir, I lament the
language of defiance and contempt towards the
South, which has been used in this debate. What
have we done to elicit it? What have our people
done to merit it ? Not only have our institutions
been gratuitously introduced into the House, but
the whole South, as a section, has been arraigned
