1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
and condemned. We are told that we are " dwarf-
ed," and are " cursed." And as if disparagement
was not enough to produce the desired irritation,
we are taunted with our "imbecility!" The
Union is not in the least danger from aggressions
on our institutions, or from any other cause; for
we dare not dissolve it. Our fears, under any op-
pressions and wrongs, are a sure guarantee for its
eternal preservation, so far as we are concerned;
and so cowardly are our constituents, that they
will hang as high as Haman any Representative
who shall venture to question a Union deemed so
vital to their protection against their own slaves.
Sir, if the arch-fiend himself was plotting a disso-
lution of the Union, he could not have spoken
more wisely than the gentleman from Indiana. He
knows full well that pride often masters reason,
and that a taunt is often more potent than argu-
ment. Passions lead revolutions; and to dare, is
to awake them. What right has he to suppose
that the people of the South will act in State af-
fairs only from one principle—and that the lowest
of all principles—fear ? The five millions of white
men. in the South—double the numbers who
achieved our independence in our Revolution—
afraid of their slaves, not half their numbers; and
so afraid of them as to 'forget their honor, their
liberties, and rights—give up their constitution,
their sovereignty, and their self-control, and gibbet
the faithful Representative who warns them of
their danger or degradation t Where, in history
or out of history, has the gentleman learned such
an estimation of the people of the South, that he
ventures thus to portray them? Was it in out-
Revolution ? Then, the greatest of British states-
men and philosophers declared, that on account of
their slave institutions, the southern people were
fiercest in the vindication of their liberties. " They
scented tyranny in the tainted gale." Was it in
the last war? The South made it—forced it on
this TJnion, and bore her part at the council board
and in the battle-field—on land and sea. And in
the war we are now waging—all the fruits of
which, in territory acquired, the gentleman pro-
poses to appropriate generously to the free States—
is the South inactive or craven, although, accord-
ing to his policy, fighting for nothing? Sir, the
gentleman's taunts are exactly such as" greeted our
fathers in our Revolution, from the British Parlia-
ment. They, too, were cowards, whom a single
regiment could march over the continent, and
quell into submission; and by British journals and
Federalists, we were told that we " could not be
kicked" into the last war. Yet we disappointed
the contemptuous expectations of revilers then,
and may not justify them now. In what have we
shown ourselves degenerate ? We may be rela-
tively weaker in the Union, but who has "dwarf-
ed" us? Whose hand has withered our prosper-
ity ? 
The expiration of the allotted hour arrested the
speech.
PAY OF THE ARMY.
SPEECH OF ME. J. F. BELL,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
January 19, 1847.
The House having under consideration the bill to
increase the Pay of the Army, and to grant
Bounty Land in certain cases—
Mr. BELL being entitled to the floor, began by
saying, that the biil under consideration*^vas im-
portant from the fact, that it proposed to take a
large amount of public land, and also a consider-
able sum of money. It derived additional and still
greater importance from the fact, that this land and
money were to be distributed in bounties and pay
to the volunteers and soldiers, who had been, were
now, and would be, engaged in fighting the battles
of the country, in Mexico. And of this bestowal
of bounty land and increased pay, Mr. Bell re-
marked, 1 am decidedly in favor. It is a burning
shame, that you have not paid the soldiers who
have volunteered, more than the sum now allowed
by law. And it will be a still greater shame, if
the bill under consideration, or one having the
same general object, do not pass.
The bill proposes to pay the volunteers ten dol-
j lars'a month, and to give to such of them as may
' have inlisted for twelve and served three months,
| one hundred and sixty acres of land; and to such
i as hereafter might serve more than a year, it pro-
j posed to give the same amount of land. The pro-
: visions of the bill would, therefore, exclude from
\ the bounty land such of the volunteers as might
| have served less than three months, though fail-
ure to serve longer had been produced by sickness
; or wounds, incurred earlier in the service; and he
who served a year, or even longer, would only
receive the same amount of land, as he who was
in the service for three months. There was evi-
dent injustice and inequality in this.
It is impossible, Mr. Chairman, to deal out exact
justice, and graduate the amount of land, precisely
to the length and character of the service; we can,
however, approximate it. The amendment which
I have offered for the adoption of the Committee,
has attempted, and will to some extent accomplish,
this object. It proposes to give to all volunteers
in the service ten dollars a month, and to such as
may have volunteered for less than live years, or
during the war, and may have served six months
or less, it appropriates eighty acres of land; to
such as serve twelve, or less than twelve and more
than six, one hundred and sixty acres of land; to
such as have volunteered or may volunteer for five
years, and serve less than two years, two hundred
| and forty acres; and those over two years, three
: hundred and twenty acres. No lands to be given
I to any, but such as might receive or be entitled to,
an honorable discharge; but giving to-the widow
or children, or father and mother, or brothers and
sisters, of such as had been killed in battle or died
in the service, the same amount the soldier would
have received if honorably discharged.
The objections, which the able gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had urged so plausibly and
forcibly against the provisions of the bill and the
| amendments, have with me but little weight. The
\ chief objection was, that, if the bounty were given,
; it would only subject the soldiers to the designs
' and impositions of speculators. If this objeotion
were good, then it might, with equal propriety, be
urged against all forms of bounty, whether of land
! or money. For it is impossible to provide, in any
| conceivable form, any pension or bounty that will
i not be exposed to the same difficulty. It is in-
■ herent to the very nature of the subject. The
| ingenuity of man can devise no system of legisla-
I tion, which can prevent the designing sharper from
j preying on the credulous and ignorant. No legis-
j Iative safeguard can be so cautiously contrived, as
| to shield the honest and the simple, from the arti-
j fices of the fraudulent and cunning. Even your
I laws, which extend pensions to the soldiers of
; the Revolution, have, in many instances, proved
more profitable to the pension agent, than to the
1 meritorious persons who were intended to be the
, recipients of the beneficence and bounty of the law.
; You, sir, have seen, we all have too often seen,
, the heartless speculator snatch from the aged and
i infirm soldier, one-half of that stinted and too small
■ bounty, which the law gives to comfort and make
I pleasant the declining days of him, whose bestand
! earliest years were spent in the service of the coun-
I try. You have thus seen men, hallowed in the
| estimation of the good and christian, by present
j poverty and past services to the republic, made the
, subject of heartless speculation. Yet no man would
| therefore argue that pensions should not have been
i given to the revolutionary soldiers. Neither ought
' it be urged that, because some of the volunteers
I may, for too small an equivalent, transfer their
i claims to the land which may be given by this bill,
! that therefore none should be granted. It may be j
| true, that some provisions may be inserted in this I
■ bill which will, to some extent, save the lands |
given to the soldier, from the arts of the specula-
tor; but I disagree with the gentleman from Ohio, i
[Mr. Cummins,] that by making the land war- j
rant or the land itself inalienable, you can accom- ;
plish the desired result. On the contrary, whilst j
| this proposed provision will not do the proposed j
j good, it will produce much greater evils. In the :
! first place, the men will give you little thanks for i
! land or land scrip, which you will not allow them I
! to sell. Many of the volunteers are young men, !
! just commencing life, without families, who do not j
| want to settle on the land; others of them have fam- ;
i ilies, and are not desirous of quitting their present, 1
to seek other homes, on that fand you may give
them. Many of them are engaged in mechanical
and professional pursuits, and who, when they re-
turn to their respective homes, wish to reengage in
their respective avocations; and to all such, if you
forbid the sale of these lands, the bounty thus gi ven
will be comparatively valueless. In fact, its chief
value to many of them will consist in their ability,
at some time, to sell it; that they may thus have a
small sum on which to begin life. And it is with
the view, Mr. Chairman, of giving this land and
land scrip a higher value, I feel constrained to op-
pose that other suggestion made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] of requiring ail the loca-
tions to be made in some specified district. This
was the great evil of the past legislation of the
country in relation to land bounties given to sol-
diers, and had contributed more than any other
arrangement, to render the bounty worthless, and
expose the soldier to the designs of the speculator.
It is far better to make the warrants, what are
called land floats, to be located on any public land
subject to entry and sale at the date'of the warrant.
The only restriction, which should be imposed, is,
that the scrip shall not be subject to attachment in
chancery, or the land liable to levy and sale under
execution.
Without arguing at any great length in favor of
any particular mode of bestowing these bounties
over others, I am in favor of that mode which the
collected wisdom of the House may devise, as
that best calculated most effectually to accomplish
the object.
It is desirable to extend the provisions of this
bill to other classes of soldiers than those engaged
in the present war. The too-long neglected soldiers
of Wayne's campaigns should be remembered and
rewarded. Let us deal with no niggard hand and
stinted charity with those gallant men who have
heretofore, in times of peril and privation, fought
the battles of the country, or who now, from the
blunders of the President, or the atrocities of Mex-
ico, have been called to fight in far distant fields. '
The Government has now surveyed and ready for
sale one hundred and forty-seven millions of acres;
it has ready for survey more than three hundred
millions of acres; it has a still larger amountunsur-
veyed—an amount so large that we cannot properly
estimate it. This constitutes a vast magazine, from
which the Government can reward liberally its sol-
diers, and with no fear of exhaustion or self injury.
The eight millions which this bill would take from
the public domain would not in a few years be felt
or missed. Tenyearshence,itwouldnot beknown
that the deduction had been made. And in the mean-
time, a great good will be done by withdrawing from
political contests the public lands, whose disposi-
tion has, for a long time, been such a disturbing
element.
The bill, besides the land bounty it provides,
also, as amended, proposes to increase the pay of
the volunteers from seven to tendollais per month.
Agentleman from New York [Mr. Rathbun] asks
how is the money to be raised? That question
had better have been asked before this war was
entered into. Then it would have been wisdom
to have considered it. But,'sir, the answer is
easy. Bring back the Government to an economi-
cal basis; put it where it stood before this Admin-
istration came into power; reduce overgrown sal-
aries of civil officers; let the annual expenditure
in the civil departments be twenty-four instead of
thirty-one millions of dollars; bring back the taiiff
of 1842, or one like it; repeal the miserable sub-
treasury; and restore confidence to the country, by
assuring it that some wisdom is left in the public
councils.
We have exhibited an extraordinary spectacle
to the world under this Administration—a spectacle
of striking inconsistencies; a war commenced to
obtain a peace; in the very midst of that war, when
the necessity for revenue was p-eatest, the tariff—
our only means of raising revenue—repealed; at
the very time when it was necessary to have the
credit of the Government highest, and the money-
market easiest, the gentleman from New York, and
his party on this floor, pass the sub-treasury, sink
the national credit, and madly throw the moneyed
affairs of the country into the wildest derange-
ment—rendering it thus, by the inconsistency of
party mismanagement, very difficult to obtain any,
and impossible to secure advantageous loans. And
