348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 19,
29-th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army—Mr. Bell,
Ho. of Reps.
at the very time when you announce to the world j
that your scheme of an exclusive specie currency ,
is accomplished, you signalize the falsehood of;
the statement and the fallacy of the scheme, by j
flooding the country with millions of treasury
notes. But, sir, the resources of the Government, j
if only properly husbanded, are amply sufficient j
to meet its wants, and to pay; your volunteers the
trifling addition which the bill proposes to give
them. I am, sir, in favor of paying the soldiers,
whom you send to a distant and dangerous field of
warfare, to meet the enemy and encounter the dis-
eases. of an unhealthy climate, at least as much
as you pay the laborer who stays at home and
works in the field—and no man pretends that his
pay is too large.
It is right that this bill should pass, as a com-
pliment and substantial benefit to the army, for
they well deserve it. A better and braver army,
headed by a more gallant chief, never did battle
for a country's righls. Such services as that army
had rendered, would have been, in other countries,
better rewarded'. Such victories as General Tay-
lor had won on the Rio Grande and at Monterey,
would, in even monarchal governments, have en-
sured him rich remunerations—remunerations of a
far different kind from those which we have pro-
vided. For such services as he and his army had
rendered the republic, there is not a country in the
civilized 'world, that all its people, from prince to
peasant, would not have rendered them universal
honor and applause. England would have eleva-
ted to the peerage the victorious hero of Palo Alto
and Resaca de la Palma. Napoleon would have I
made him a Field Marshal of the Empire, and i
proudly would he compare with Junot, Murat, \
Lannes, Ney, and that host of brilliant chiefs
whom the wisdom of Europe's greatest captain !
lifted from obscurity to the companionship of an |
Emperor, and to an equality with Kings. Had lie 1
belonged, even to any of the despotisms of the !
older continent, he would have glittered with orna-
ments, the gifts of royal munificence, the expres-
sions of national gratitude. Sir, how have devo- j
tion and bravery, never surpassed in military an- '
nals—how have such glorious services and brilliant
success been rewarded by the President of the
United StatesBy a cold and forgetful silence.
How have the Democratic party in Congress ex-
hibited its gratitude? By the petty cavils and
small criticisms of the gentleman from Illinois, J
[Mr. Fickli.v,] and the "gentleman from Missis-|
sippi, [Mr. Thompson,] who, without daring to
make any charge of incompetency or cowardice, :
have, by insinuation, assailed the reputation of the
brave old hero, and have thus endeavored to injure :
his good name before the people. The Picsiilent
had gone still farther, and recommended the crea-
tion of a lieutenant-generalship, that he might ap-
point one of his political friends and favorites to
supersede General Taylor. And yon, Mr. Chair-
man, (the chairman shook his head,)—Mr. Bell
remarked, no, sir, I beg your pardon, not you, but !
many of your friends on tins floor, are exceedingly j
anxious to establish the new office, and turn out
General Taylor from the command of our army in |
Mexico, by putting an untried civilian over his i
head. I fear, sir, the main reason for this unkind i
conduct is, he is supposed to be a Whig. In fact, 1
the gentleman from Illinois says that the reason
why the war lingers so long is, that there is a
Whig General in command; and the gentleman
from Mississippi thinks the President ought to
have the privilege of appointing the commander he
prefers. Is it, then, true the President does not
prefer General Taylor ? Then this silence of the ,
President is ominous of attack, and the opinions of ■
the gentlemen from Illinois and Mississippi echo i
the President's wishes, and are the small be°-in- !
nings of that bitter assault which is to be made on
him. I
This course of the President is not new. lie I
follows only in the footsteps of an illustrious pre- ji
decessor, the monarch of another land: when the !■
great Spanish leader, returned from the self-same !i
fields of victory and conquest, he was received in the !1
same manner. He was passed in forgetful silence !■
by the Spanish king. You remember, sir, when i[
Cortez returned to Spain after the conquest of:
Mexico, he asked an audience of the King, and '|
was long and obstinately refused. At length, in- !>
digriant at this unlooked-for and unjust refusal, he i!
presented himself before the king, and asked the
privilege of speech. The monarch, with charac-
teristic hauteur, pretending to have forgotten the
conqueror of Mexico, bent his brow in sternness,
and angrily asked, " Man, who art thou; I know
thee not?" Cortez responded, "I am, sire, he
who has added to thy dominions more provinces
than previously you had towns." The silence of
President Polk'is very much like to this instance
of royal insolence. The President has forgotten
the man, who has added to the country that terri-
tory, larger than the original thirteen States, whose
possession the President makes the subject of
hearty congratulation.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know that the criticisms
of the gentleman from Illinois, or the want of per-
ception on the part of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, will do old Rough and Ready the slightest
injury.
'The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
son] had said we had not been able to see in Gen-
eral Taylor any quality which fitted him for the
general command of an army, but yet he had seen
such qualities in General Butler. Will the gentle-
man say what Taylor has done, what left undone;
what order he had left unexecuted, what order
badly executed ? How, sir, has he come short of
his duty ? Has he not done everything which
mortal man could have done with his means ?
Mr. THOMPSON here rose and said that he
did not wish to make any comparison of Generals
Taylor and Butler. General Butler had not been
tried. General Taylor had not shown himself fit
for the post of general in command.
Mr. BELL then said: Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he is willing to put an officer,
whom he says is untried, over one who has been
fullv tried? Let the country hear.
Mr. THOMPSON" said that he was not quite
i sure that Mr. Bell did not wish to misrepresent
1 him; and that he had not indicated by his remarks
that General Butler ought to be placed in supreme
command. He held that the President ought to
have the appointment of a supreme officer to take
command of the invading army.
Mr. BELL remarked: I am very far from wish-
ing to misrepresent the gentleman. I have the
! notes of the gentleman's speech, and he, as I un-
! derstood, very clearly indicated the wish to have
! Taylor superseded by General Butler. As the
j gentleman says he did not, I very cheerfully with-
| draw the charge. But I should like to know if
| the gentleman and his party do not desire to
I supersede both Generals Butler and Taylor, by
appointing over their heads, as supreme comman-
der—lieutenant general—some untried civilian,
who never fought a battle. Sir, such is the course
which the Democratic party on this iloor and the
President wish to pursue. Its injustice would be
equalled only by its folly.
The gentleman fiom Mississippi [Mr. Jacob
Tiioi irsoM| has very highly complimented General
Butler. Though I differ in politics with this dis-
tinguished general, I shall not follow the example
of therefore detracting from his merits; on the con- |
trary, with the utmost cheerfulness, I bear my !
humble and grateful tribute to his chivalry and !
gallantry, and accord to him the fullest measure of J
well-earned praise. I would not if I could, in the J
slightest particular, lessen the honorable estimate !
placed on his conduct by the country, and trust !
that he arid General Taylor may be associated to- i
gether, and each receive, as he may deserve, the !
common gratitude of the American people. This !
is not the time or place to attack a general in com- j
mand of nnr troops in a distant and dangerous ser- '
vice. It is unfair, bv insinuations meaning more j
than dare be charged or can be proved, to impair !
the confidence of troops in their general in com- ]
mand. If General Taylor has been guilty of any !
wrong.—if he be incompetent, prefer the charge !
boldly; arraign him before the court martial, and, j
if guilty, try and condemn him* Do not blast his j
reputation by guarded hints and sly insinuations, ;
made for party pui[loses. !
In what hard-fought fields of dangerous fight have 1
these gentlemen won so many and such brilliant
laurels, and acquired so much experience, that they !
should speak so slightingly of the Hero of the Rio !
Grande ? They might, however, and we and the j|
world have never heard it. Upon the faith of such j!
unknown laurels, the gentlemen might feel them- 'I
selves fully competent for the ungrateful office they
had assumed. Napoleon has done goot^service for
military science, by leaving for all military men his
criticisms on the battles of the great Condeand the
Prince Turenne; and the gentlemen doubtless, in
their own estimation, have done as much, by leav-
ing to after ages their criticisms on the campaigns
of Mexico. How high an estimate will, in after
ages, be placed on their learned disquisitions, deliv-.
ered in this debate, I leave for posterity to settle.
The reputation of General Taylor will doubtless
outlive the invidious forgetfulness of the President,
and the invidious assaults of the gentlemen. I do
not know that they will ruffle a feather in the war-
rior's plume, or detract a feather's weight from his
high regard. Though he find no reward in the
praises of the President or the President's friends
on this floor, he will find the sincere gratitude and
admiration of his countrymen, of all parties, richer
to him than all the gifts of royal favor, or the hol-
low and heartless praises of men in power.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Rathbun]
says that it is useless to give the soldiers more than
they now get; that they fight for love of country,
not for pay. I accord to the volunteers all the
praise which the gentleman has bestowed. If ne-
cessity existed for it, they would fight the battles
of the country without a dollar's pay. In two past
wars they gallantly fought, amidst many priva-
tions, for very small pay; and if the country again
wanted their services, and wa3unable to pay, again
with their accustomed patriotism and alacrity,
would they gather to the fight. If this were a war
of invasion on our soil, waged by an imperious ty-
rant to overthrow that freedom, won by the gal-
lantry and blood of our ancestors—were it a war
against a haughty invader, who came to extin-
guish the fires on our hearths, and desecrate the soil
hallowed by holding the graves of our fathers, and
being fhe birthplace of our children, they would,
without one cent's reward, fight to desperation and
to death. No tax could be too great for their gal-
lantry—no sacrifice too costly for their devotion.
But when they are called upon to quit their fields,
and workshops, and their own firesides, and the
scenes of their own country, to march to a far-dis-
tant land, many of them to fill unknown graves,
without ever meeting an enemy, to encounter the
invisible "pestilence which walketh in darkness,"
and the " destruction which wasteth at noon-day,"
or die by the hands of the enemy, it is no more
than right that your Government should pay them
liberally and punctually. Sir, I know that our
brave volunteers stopped on no cold and prudential
calculations as to how much they would be paid,
or whether paid at all, or what dangers they would
encounter; they learned that your little army and
its gallant chief were in danger, that you wanted
their services, and at once they were in the field.
We ought not now, when the Government has
such ample resources, to stop and inquire for how
little they will fight. We should not be subject to
the foul reproach of stinting them in allowance, or
neglecting its payment. Many of these men who
went into service stout in nerve and strong in limb,
comeback wasted by disease, weakened in strength,
and diseased for life. The largest sum which is
proposed by this bill—ten dollars per month—is
poor payment for the risks these soldiers run.
We are told by historians that the land called
by the Spaniards the " burning land," which has
been, and will be, the scene of these Mexican cam-
paigns, is very beautiful to the eye, clad with
flowers of the most brilliant hues, and covered
with the richest and most luxuriant vegetation; but
that, in«trange contrast with this visible beauty,
are invisible dangers, which, to the mind, rob it of
its loveliness; that the air, though laden with per-
fume, yet hears on its wing, and scatters in its
course, the black vomit and malignant diseases,
more terrific to the brave, more fatal to the strong,
than the tangible and visible substances of ten
thousand Mexicans. When you send men to meet,
and many of them to fall into unmarked graves,
before these terrible and unseen enemies, will you
refuse the soldier the additional compensation pro-
posed by this bill? Sir, it bears none, nor will any
that you can give bear any, proportion to the
character of service these gallant men aie called
upon to perform. After having given all, and much
more than is proposed, there will be scope and
verge enough for men to show their patriotism by
