1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army—Mr. Bell.
Ho. or Reps.
volunteering. But I am told, sir, that we ought not
to speak of these dangers; that it is " giving aid
and comfort to the enemy;" that it will weaken
the arm, and paralyze the patriotism of the soldier's
heart. Were S( the dangers thicker than thought
could make them, and ten times more terrible,"
yet if the honor and interest of the country require,
the gallant men of the country will be ready to
meet them. The cowardly would hide the dangers
the brave man wishes to know, that he may face
and overcome them ! But do gentlemen desire to
conceal these dangers from the country? Would
they, who sit here in ease and quiet, and will never
see the battle ground, and who echo the Presi-
dent's charge of treason against those who want
honestly to let the country know the perils inci-
dent to these campaigns—would they wish to hide
^hese things, or deny them? It would be abase
fraud to these brave men whom you propose to
inlist, and would, if successful, be a fraud stained
with blood. *
But I proceed. Any American army engaged in
fighting the battles of the country ought to be well
paid. When you cause men to quit the pleasures
and "pursuits of home, for the perils and disquiets
of the camp; when you send them far from home
on dangerous employment, it is but right you
should pay them well, and but just, that, out of
your countless millions of acres, you should give
them the proposed bounty.
Again, sir, taking as true and just all the causes
upon which this war is justified by the President, I
for one hold, that these very causes multiply rea-
sons why your soldiers should have increased pay.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose giving my views
as to the causes of this war; this is not the time or
the ocrasion to inquire into these causes; not that I
think it wrong to discuss and explain them; on the
contrary, it is very proper it should be done, and
I spurn the trammels the President and his friends
on this floor would impose on the inquiry. The
effort to chain the freedom of debate, and to stifle
this inquiry by charges of treason and faction, only
prove the weakness and imbecility of those who
make such charges. Your President, sir, and his
friends 011 this floor, cannot, by such silly clamor,
stifle or prevent investigation. The spirit of in-
quiry is among the people. They who bear the
burdens of the Government, sir; they who fight
the battles and pay the taxes, want to know why,
after a protracted peace of thirty years, you are
suddenly plunged into a war; why already thou-
sands of their brave children have been killed in
battle, and have fallen beneath the pestilence of
unhealthy lands, and are buried far from home?
Why, after an exemption for years from public
debt, millions upon millions above the public rev-
enues are being expended, and that we have in
existence and in prospect an immense debt, which
even the present generation will never see paid ?
Why these discordant sounds of disunion, grow-
ing o#t of disputes as to whether territory, con-
quered and to be conquered, is to be slave or free
territory, are heard in these Halls ? These ques-
tions they wish answered. Politicians on this floor,
to serve their party ends, may attempt to hush the
inquiry, but in vain. Sooner bridle the winds, or
bind the tempest with a chain. Sir, the people,
your masters, who placed your Presidentin power,
demand an answer. The President says that we
had two causes of complaint against Mexico; that
we had an unsettled boundary between Texas and
Mexico, and that our citizens had just claims
against Mexico to the amount of five or six mil-
lions of dollars; that, to settle these subjects of
dispute, he had sent Mr. Slidell as minhtq^plenipo-
tentiary to Mexico, but that the Mexican Govern-
ment, feeling itself outraged by the annexation of
Texas, refused to receive Mr. Slidell as a full min-
ister, offering to receive him as minhler to tellle the
Texas, difficulty fmU and, after that, to adjust the
question of money due our citizens. Mr. Slidell
was instructed by Mr. Polk to have both questions
settled together; and the Mexican Government was
threatened that if both were not at once and to-
gether settled, that war would be the consequence.
The Mexican Government again refused the union
of questions, and again declared its willingness to
settle them, taking first the question growing out
of the annexation of Texas. Whilst this negotia-
tion was going on, the President, anticipating the
rejection of his minister, ordered the army to
march up to the Rio Grande, and opposite the
Mexican town of Matamoros; and upon his re-
jection, in fket before it, a conflict between, the
American and Mexican army took place, and the*
war begun.
Now, sir, I have stated fairly, but in condensed
form, the grounds taken by the President in rela-
tion to this war. So it may be clearly seen that,
even according to the President's own showing, if
our President would have consented to settle the
question of boundary first—in other words, to call
Mr. Slidell a special Minister, rather than Minis-
ter Plenipotentiary—we would not have had this
war; this effusion of blood and expenditure of
money might have been saved. We are fighting,
then, on a mere matter of etiquette. Now, sir,
when you send men many thousand miles from
home, on such perilous enterprises, to shed their
blood to settle this question of ceremony, it is right
that you "should pay them well. I do not believe
that Mexico was right in refusing our Minister
for the reason stated; on the contrary, she was
wrong. Her weakness was her only apology for
such a refusal.
If she yielded, after the hostile demonstration
made by our armies and fleets against her, she
thought the world would charge her with cow-
ardice. But, sir, the strong can well be magnan-
imous. Our strength and courage acknowledged,
world-wide, might have produced forbearance to-
wards our weak, though erring sister. She, like
ourselves, was a republic; was situated on the
same continent; and the eyes of the nations of the
earth were turned to see how these two republics,
situated in such close proximity, and wearing the
same livery of freedom, would live together—
whether in peace and harmony, or in blood and
strife. In this point of view, it was desirable that
we should have had pcace. It wears the aspect of
harsh and scrupulous exaction, that the President
should not have been willing, to have changed the
style of his Minister from general to special. It
wears a darker aspect, when the change would
have saved his country, the continent, the world,
a war. To weak, and distracted, and republican
Mexico, we might have yielded a point of diplo-
matic ceremony, especially when our Piesident
was preparing so large a sacrifice, according to his
own statement, to the powerful, united, and mon-
archical England. At the very time the President
was warring with Mexico about whether Slidell
was a Minister, special or general, he was prepa-
ring to yield to England one-half of Oregon, to
which he said our title was clear and unquestion-
able, and giving up the navigation of the rivers
which he said he never would surrender. This, to
some extent, looks like cringing to the strong and
oppressing the weak.
But the President said he was fighting to recover
the five 01* six millions of dollars which Mexico
owed our citizens, and that it was a very substan-
tial cause of war. Sir, you know wars are the
great lawsuits which nations institute to recover
owing debts. We have brought our suit, and put
the process for the collection of the debt into the
hands of the army; and you send twenty-five
thousand men to waste their time—many of them 1
their blood and lives—in collecting this amount. |
You ought to pay them for their services. You j
ought not to say it will cost too much. Already j
some thirty or forty millions are spent, and still j
the amount is not collected. It has not been spent ;
in paying your volunteers; it lias found its way
into the hands of speculators—men who furnish
the army subsistence and transportation. If this
bill should pass, two millions of dollars would be
paid the army, being the same sum which the
President intended to give to Santa Ana. Let this
money be paid to our brave volunteers and sol-
diers, rather than to Santa Ana, the wily and cun-
ning friend and ally, whom the President lias sent
back to Mexico. For what was Santa Ana re-
turned ? Let the President speak for himself, and
give the answer. He says, c< that our object was
the restoration of peace." Then why send the
best commander that Mexico ever had to head her
armies and lead them to battle? He says, " Pa-
redes was a.soldier by profession and a monarchist
in principle." Santa Ana was far more expe-
rienced as a soldier, and no more republican in
principle. Paredes, Mr. Polk says, "had been
recently, before then, successful in a military rev-
olution, by which he had obtained power.'> The
only power Santa Ana ever held was by usurpa-
tion, enforced by the army. Paredes, Mr. Polk
says, " was the sworn enemy of the United States,
with which he had involved his "country in exist-
ing war." Did any man ever breathe deadlier and
fiercer hatred towards our country than Santa Ana?
Was he not the very man who imprisoned our
people and committed the wrongs on their persons
and property, for which we are now fighting? Yet,
thanks to Mr. Polk, the Mexicans have now the
united counsels of both Paredes and Santa Ana,
idols of their respective friends, heretofore opposed
in politics, now united by the strong bond of com-
mon and uncompromising hostility to the United
States. The President has denounced the men
who dare to think and call this war unjust and
unnecessary, as traitors to their country, as giving*
aid and comfort to the enemy. What more sub-
stantial aid and comfort could possibly be given to
the enemy than by sending them, as the President
has done, an experienced commander, an able
diplomatist?
Sir, it is time to put an end to the miserable
farce which has been playing in reference to his
return. Spend your money in promoting open
and honorable warfare, not in clandestinely pur-
chasing up perfidious and unreliable traitors. The
people of the United States want peace, but an
honorable peace; not one obtained by perfidy and
intrigues. This policy pursued in permitting the
return of Santa Ana, was not American policy—
not that of a brave and warlike nation. It savored
more of the Italian, the Spanish, the Asiatic—of
those people to whom the poison and the stiletto
were the means of vengeance and redress.
The people of the United States would have
their President to be the representative of their
virtues and their strength. The)'' want no victory
which they cannot bravely win. They rear a
haughty ensign on the field—a star-typed stand-
ard—a standard which never has been struck
down in equal and honorable battle. They wish
no victories won in war which their brave soldiers
cannot win beneath its ample folds. WhaUAme-
rican does not feel humiliated when he reads the
I confession of the President as to the permission
j given Santa Ana to return ! Sir, could we have
i been so soon driven to such desperate straits as to
! send back the very man whom the President, and
! iiis friends on this floor, denounced, a few years
1 ago, so very bitterly, as tyrant, despot, and mo-
narchical and military usurper—the very man who
perpetrated the very atrocities in which the present
war finds its main justification?
But it was resorted to for the purpose, as the
President tells, of procuring peacc. Peace may be
purchased at too dear a price; and it is far too
costly when it is had by national degradation—by
even dimming by suspicion the, national honor.
But is it likely that this piece of diplomatic craft
is calculated to secure peace—to shorten fins war?
The very way to prolong and imbitter the contest,
is to impress the enemy with the opinion that you
are perfidious. We had a striking instance of this
in the history of the Florida war.
We had impressed upon the Seminole chief the
idea that our Government had some secret design
in all its offers of peace. And when the troops of
the United States were gathering in closer and still
closer circles around the small number of stubborn
Indians, who resisted to the last, a proposition in
writing was sent to the chief, that, upon proposed
terms, peace should be made, and the American
troops at once withdrawn. The proposition seem-
ed fair; the braves in council were generally m
favor of its acceptance. But Osceola, their chief,
the bravest of the braves, indignantly replied, "the
white man speaks with the forked tongue." Then,
striking his dagger through the paper, said, " you
haveOsceola's answer." The increased bitterness
i of the subsequent contest, only proves how much
! wiser it would have been, in all things, to have
1 taught the enemy that, at least, we were honest,
i So it may be in the present war. The impres-
i sion created that you are dishonest, may only pro-
long and give increased bitterness to the contest.
! No! let our motto rather be, as when we fought
i the African pirates in their strongholds, " Millions
: for defence, not a cent tor tribute."
j But the other reason upon which the President
; justified the war, was also a reason that your sol-
