2§2
APPENDIX TO THE (3ONGEESSI0NAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 90,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Ckiber.
Ho. or Reps.
cockade!" "We are the disciples of Jefferson—
the true Democracy!" "You, the ol'd Federal-
ists—old Federalists!"
Theseare the'changes rung by these croakers of
modern Democracy, till their chattering has shamed
the magpie, and thrown the blush upon the par-
rot. It is amusing, Mr. Chairman, to see with
what accuracy the tune has been pitched for these
Democratic musicians—"old Federal," "old Fed-
eralism," " blue-light," " Federal party," "Fed-
eral press," " Federal leaders." And then, " the
Democracy," " Democratic party," " Democratic
measures," " Democratic Administration." These
are the notes now being played from the highest-
keyed bugle in Washington, down, down to the
lowest pumpkin vine that toots in an Ohio corn-
field.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, such are the very potent
weapons with which we are assailed, and Mr.
Polk justified. In speaking of" old Federalism,"
I wish to be understood as casting no reproach on
those who were Federalists, none whatever. In
those days there were honest differences of opin-
ion—honorable men upon both sides. In 1801,
Jefferson said, " We are all Republicans—we are
all" Federalists." In November, 1816, General
Jackson wrote to Mr. Monroe, advising the ap-
pointment of" old Federalists" to office, and thus
to destroy " the monster of party." For this advice
General Jackson was denounded by the Albany
Argus in 1824, and abused by Thomas Ritchie.
.;The issues and landmarks that then distinguished
parties have long since been obliterated; the Fed-
eralists and the Democrats of those days have
since, more or less, commingled with all parties;
and no man but an arrant demagogue, or one de-
fending a bad cause, seeking to "cast dust in the
air, and hiding the true issue of the day, will at-
tempt to drag up these exploded distinctions, and
brand his antagonist with these obsolete epithets.
But so it is, sir, gentlemen prefer this mode of war-
fare, and I choose to meet them with their own
weapons. I stfid just now I meant to adopt the
silver rule. If " old Federalism" were a sin, who
is most contaminated with it? If having ."old
Federalists" in one's party taint it with political
leprosy, where is the purity of modern " Democ-
racy?" You are infected from your head to your
toes. Answer me a few questions on this score:
Who and where are the "old Federalists" that
have come to your camp? What rewaul and hon-
ors hare you not heaped upon their heads > What
a premium have you paid ?
Sir, begin down East; look into the State of
Maine, and there you find Kucll Williams, an old
Federalist, now transformed into a modern " De-
mocratic" Senator; elevated to the head of the
party—his sins all forgiven. Pass over to the
.State of New Hampshire, the " Switzerland of
modern Democracy," (and so it is, for, like Swiss
troops, they work for those that pay best,) and
whom do you find there ? Jinny Hubbard, an "old
blue-light Federalist," in whose garment yet re-
mains the •'smell of the Hartford Convention,"
now a Democratic Governor, Senator, Subtrea's-
urer. Close by his side stands Levi Woodbury,
" blue' us indigo in former days*, twin Senator,
Secretary of the Treasury, Judge of the Supreme
Coui t ol the United States, all by Democratic ap-
pointments. Where, tell me where, have you
bulled the sins of these "old blue-lights" of New
Hampshire ? W ith what magic wand have you
changed their Federalism into modern Democracy'
Look to Connecticut. Who was Ralph J. In^er-
soll now Mr. Polk's Minister to Russia? An old
federalist. So were Isaac Toucey and Thomas
S. Whittlesey, now the one is the Democratic
Crovornor, the other the Democratic nominee for
the same office. -Take the next State, Vermont
What sprouts of "Ancient Federalism" do you
find there vegetating in modern Democracy' Ex-
Governor Martin Chittenden, the man who refused
to Older out the militia when the country was in-
vaded, the enemy of the war; the reviler of Jeff'er-
S°u-t ^1 :'1' ''vcc^ an^ died a modern " Democrat;"
while his competitor, Jonas Galushu, who headed
his regiment, and took the field, and became Gov-
ernor, was an ancient Democrat, and died a staunch
Whig. 1 commend these facts to the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Chimian] who lamented his
misfortune at being " born in the Federal State
of Vermont, and his lamentations are fully re- i
ciprocated by the people of that State. I pass to
Massachusetts, the old mother of States, and the
nursery of statesmen. To whose special charge
is modern Democracy committed in that State?
Why, sir, to one George Bancroft, an " anti-war
Federalist of 1819," now rewarded for his federal-
ism, first, by a place in Mr. Polk's Cabinet; next
by an embassy to England. Nor was old Federal-
ism his only passport to favor; his modern " Abo-
lition" avowals may have contributed to the same
end. My friend from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] is
denounced by modern Democrats on this floor as
an "incendiary," a "fanatic," a "madman;" but,
sir, where can you find more of what Democracy
calls " fanaticism," in any sentiment uttered here,
than is contained in an address of George Bancroft,
in 1834, to the electors of his Congressional dis-
trict ? Speaking of the effects of slavery, as con-
flicting with free labor, he says: '
" We would not interfere with the domestic regulations
of' New Orleans or Algiers,'but we mav demand the in-
stant abolition of the slave trade in the < District of Colum-
bia,5 and should assist free labor to recover its rights in the
capital of the ' country.'"
There, sir," is "instant abolition" for you. A
pretty dangerous medicine, truly, as defined in
Democratic dictionaries, but very harmless and
palatable when taken from a Democratic teaspoon.
Next, sir, I pass into my own State, and I come
to rebuke my colleague [Mr. Gordon] for treading
upon the toes of his political friends—for his as-
saults upon "Old Federalists." He had better
beware, else he'll see ghosts and hobgoblins at his
bedside. Does my colleague know old Edward
P. Livingston, late Lieutenant-Governor of the
State, and Senator from his district? Does be
know John H. Prentiss, long the Federal editor of
the "Cooperstown Federalist," but late a Demo-
cratic member of Congress.' Does he know Hen-
ry Vail and John P. Cushman of Troy, John
Fine of St. Lawrence, Harnianus Bleecker of Al-
bany, and William C. Bryant of New York, all
prominent Federalists; but now, or late, high De-
mocratic office-holders? Does he know Aaron
Vanderpoel, who lived in the same valley of the
Hudson with himself, whose lungs, when inflated
with "Old Federalism," had the powers of a com-
pound blotvpipe; but, now he can roar modern "De-
mocracy" up and down that valley with a bellow-
ing that would throw any horned animal of the
Devonshire breed into the back ground? Such,
Mr. Chairman, is "Old Federalism" transformed'
into New York patent Democracy. I wish I could
| stop with my own State, but I must ferry over to
; New Jersey, and there, sir, I run against a Wall
; of Old Federalism. This is exhibited in the per-
, son of Garrett D. Wall, late United States Senator,
j the impersonation of modern Democracy; one who
j boasted, at a period not remote, that "he sailed
i under the flag of Federalism, so long as that flag
j continued to float." Close by hie side sits his po'
j litical twin, Peter I). Vroom, late Democratic Gov.
ernor, and^ recently the candidate for United States
Senator. These old Federalists now glitter as stars
of the first magnitude in the Democratic constella-
tion. But I leave the New Jersey twins with the
Siamese from Nesv Hampshire, and pass over to
the Dutch Democracy of Pennsylvania. Here I
must tread lightly, because of some who sit near j
me. What, sir, was ex-Senator Wilkms, late :
Secretary ofWar, Senator, and Minister to Russia? *
An old Federalist; Richard Rush, another sprig,
late Smithsonian agent under Mr. Van Buren.
Who, sir, is the renowned modern Democrat, that
admitted he should " have been a Tory had he
lived in the days of the RevolutionAH that
saved him was, he was not born in season. I am
too modest a man to call his name here, fearing I
should ruffle the feelings of a gentleman now in
my eye, [Mi. C. J. Ingersoll.] [Great laughter.]
Rut this is not all of Old Federalism. The pre-
mier of Mr. Polk, Jamks Buchanan, Secretary of
State, was saturated with Old Federalism. So late
as 1828, it is alleged, that he boasted of his Fed-
eral blood, insisting that, if he "had a drop of De-
mocratic blood in his veins, he would tap them and
let it out." Now, sir, he claims to be the Boa-
nerges of this self-styled "Democratic Administra-
tion." To show you his old Federal instincts,
and "anti-war" bearings, 1 must refer you to the j
extract I have before me from his oration at Lan-
caster, shortly after the war. Had I time I would !
read it at length. The following will suffice: 1
"Time will not allow me to enumerate all the wild and
wricked projects of the Democratic Administration. * * *
They rashly plunged us into a war with a nation more able to
do us injury than any other nation in the world. * * * It
[the war of 1812} took its rise from an overwhelming "par-
tiality which the Democratic forty have ultimately shown for
France.
"Immediately before the war, this foreign influence
had completely embodied itself with every political feeling of
a -majority of the people, particularly in the Wf,st. °Its
voice was heard so loud at the seat of Government,
that the President was obliged to yield to Us dictates, or to re-
tire from, office. The choice in this alternative was easily
made by a man (Madison) who preferred his private
interest to the public good. We were, therefore, hur-
Tied into a war utterly unprepared.
"The very Capitol of the United States—the lofty temple
of liberty which was reared and consecrated by Washington
—has been abandoned to its tate fry his degenerate successor,
(Madison,) who ought to have shed his last drop of blood ia
its defence."
"Thanks to Heaven, that we have obtained peace, bad
and disgraceful as it is; otherwise, the beautiful structure of
the Federal Government, supportedjsy the same feeble
hands, might have sunk, like the Capitol, into ruins."
"7 'his hits been called a glorious war. Glorious it lias been,
in the highest sense, to the American character, but disgrace-
ful in the extreme to the Administration
u But do the Administration, who involved us in,Me late
unnecessary war, derive any credit from their exertions ?
Certainly not. They were the spontaneous efforts of the
country, undirected by the Government."
There, Mr. Chairman, is ''Old Federalism"
simmered down. That was the sentiment cherish-
ed towards James Madison, the war, the then De-
mocratic party. Virginians may see the estimate
in which their President was held by the present
Secretary of State.
I leave him and his friends to digest old remi-
niscences, and I pass over to little Delaware.
Thete I find Louis McLane, late her brightest
Democratic star, but once obscured behind the
cloud of "old Federalism." General Jackson
marie him his officer of finance. Mr. Polk sent
him as his Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of
St. James; and, "old Federalist" as he was, he did
for us what Mr. Polk could not have done alone,
saved us from a war with Great Britain.
Coming to the State of Maryland, I find Gray-
son, and Carroll, and Thomas, of the Federal
school, changed into prominent Democratic nomi-
nees and Governors. Higher up than all these, I
find there one Roger B. Taney, once a high-toned
Federalist, said to have known something of the
great Baltimore mob and the Hanson faction, but
more recently a Democrat—General Jackson's At-
torney General, then his Secretary of State, and
now Chief Justice of the United States. Sir, I
make this allusion to" Judge Taney in no unkind
feeling. I have the highest respect for his integ-
rity, past and present, his talents, and his consist-
ency. But I am trying Democracy by its own
rales, curing it by its own prescriptions. But I
beg pardon. I had liked to have forgotten the
State of Michigan. She boasts of a modern Dem-
ocrat, [Lewis Cass,] who is said to be cherishing
high aspirations. But right sorry am I to learn*
that the disc of his morning sun was partially ob-
scured by " Old Federalism." I have the author-
ity frorn^ Niies's Register, volume 47, page 18.
There, sir, I find it stated expressly, that—
« His father was a vety ardent Federalist, even fur Hwsa
Hays," (1800;) that he [tile present Governor "was
the preceptor of a grammar school m Wilmington, and al-
wajs appeared with the < black cockade' jn Ins hat."
I commend these choice relics to the two gentle-
men from Ohio, [Messrs. Smwyer and Thdrman;]
they will serve for a second edition of their "anti-
Federal" speeches, when their favorite is nomi-
nated for the Presidency.
Now, Mr. Chairman, time would fail me to go
throughjjkginia, North Carolina, South Caroli-
na, and^pFgia, and complete my researches after
old Federalists, now m the Democratic ranks. As
to the new States—Mississippi, Alabama, Missou-
n, Illinois, Florida, and Texas—now so clamorous
for modern Democracy, it is sufficient to say, that
amid the strifes and conflicts of 1813, they had not
cracked the eggshell of their Democracy; their
political pin-feathers have come out long since that
time, otherwise they would have furnished their
'' Federal1' quota in the modern flock.
I rail on gentlemen over the way to toll me, if
old Federalism was such a stain, such a curse upon
the men affected by it, how stands your party?
Why did General Jackson call one-third of liis
cabinet from Federal ranks ? Why did Mr. Van
Buren do the same? Why did Mr. Polk, the
quintessence of modern Democracy, place an old
