1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Culver.
Ho. of Rep's.
and unrepenting Federalist first, and asiother one
third in his Cabinet? Could he not find material
for his first cabinet without drawing from those old
ranks, thus offering a premium for " Federal pol-
lution ?" It would seem that a man must have
been an " old Federalist" to qualify him to repre-
sent Mr. Polk at the Court ofSt. James. He has
chosen none other, having sent two Federalists in
succession, Mr. McLane and Mr. Bancroft. How
do you account forall this " Federal" predilection ?
Do I hear some spunky Democrat whispering
" they have changed," " they have repented V' I
deny it. Give me the evidence of their repentance.
Wot a mother's son of them has ever repented.
Tell me when and where James Buchanan, George
'Bancroft, Aaron Vanderpoel, or Levi Woodbury,
have ever backed one iola from their former posi-
tions? Where is the evidence that they do not
think of James Madison, of the war, of ancient
Democracy, mow, as they did in 1812? If, in your
chaste vocabulary, it is political leprosy to have
" old Federalists" in the party, or ever to have
been one, then, I charge you with being more dis-
eased than .Naaman, the leper; and instead of
washing, as he did, seven times in Jordan, you
ought to dip seventy times seven in Goose Creek,
near this Capitol; and right sure am I, if you did,
no animal would drink the water below and live.
[A laugh.] I beg pardon, I only meant political
pollution. Mr. Chairman, these remarks may
seem harsh and uncourteous; they would be so,
were I not talking to Democrats in their own dia-
lect. With such Indian antagonists I must use the
tomahawk. They must be cured by their own
medicine.
Then, sir, if I have shown who were and who
are "old Federalists," and what party now hugs
them to its bosom, I will leave this part of the sub-
ject for the consideration of my friends over the
way, and pass.
The President has attempted to silence all dis-
cussion as to the right and wrong of this war. In
his message, he has denounced in advance all who
question its justice or necessity as traitors to the
country, " giving aid and comfort" to the enemy.
Whence the authority of the Executive to put
padlocks on our lips, here or elsewhere? He
charges treason upon those who (I use his own
words) " x'epresent this war as unjust and unne-
cessary." Where in the Constitution does he find
his authority for wading through twelve pages out
of sixteen to prove it just and necessary, and yet
deny to the members of a coordinate branch of
the Government, or to the people, the right to an-
swer his arguments, detect his fallacies, and expose
his sophistries? The Constitution only requires
him to <£ give information of the state of the Union,
and recommend such measures, from time to time,
as he deems important." It does not call on hnn
to labor his own cause, or defend his own acts,
and then deny to others the right to reply. While,
then, he acts without positive authority from the
Constitution, I claim to act under its express pro-
visions—those which secure "freedom of speech"
on all questions connected with the public welfare,
and that, too, without being liable to the charge of
" treason," or subjected to Executivedenunciation.
Now, sir, I maintain that every war, as to any
given party to it, is either just or unjust The war
of Great Britain on her colonies, in 1776, was, as
to her, either just or unjust. If just, then we were
in the wrong; if unjust on her part, then I ask,
were her statesmen, who stood up and denounced
it as unjust, guilty of treason—of " giving aid and
comfort?" Among these were Fox and Wilkes,
Burke, Hartley, Lord Chatham, the Duke'of Graf-
ton, the Marquis of Rockingham, and the Duke
of Richmond. Some denounced it, as " unjust;"
others avowed that they were for "abandoning it;"
others, that they would vote "no supplies;" others
called it a " scene of carnage;" others, that if they
were "Americans, they would never lay down their
arms;" others, that it was a " murderous war."
I ask you, Mr. Chairman, I ask the gentlemen
over the way, were these British statesmen right,
or were they wrong, ill these denunciations? JVe
said they were, right, and our bosoms heaved with
emotion when we heard of such sentiments beyond
the ocean. The despotic doctrine contended for
in the message is, that if an unjust war he waged,
the people must take one of three horns. They
must be silent as to its justice, or guilty of a false-
hood by calling it by a wrong name; or, branded
with " treason," if they call it by a right one. Do
gentlemen mean to say that there is no such thing
as an unjust war? Do they mean to charge, that
to call a war which is unjust by its right name is
a treasonable offence?
Let me give them a case. Suppose Mr. Polk
had desired to promote a marriage between some
branch of his family and that of the Governor of
Canada. The proffered nuptials are declined. Mr.
Polk is offended; deems himself insulted; and, as
commander-in-chief of the army, he orders six
regiments of infantry to the city of Toronto, m Up-
per Canada; they invest it, plant their camion; cut
off the supplies; they are ordered off by Canadian
authorities; they refuse; a fight ensues; war fol-
lows; Congress recognises it. Would that war on
our side be just or wnjust? If unjust, would the
people be guilty of treason, of "giving aid and
comfort," if they "represented it unjust and un-
necessary?" Out upon such an autocratic doctrine
from the pen of the Chief Magistrate. If every
sentiment or avowal which technically can " give
aid and comfort to the enemy" is treason, moral
or political, then, sir, I arraign James K. Polk as
guilty of that crime; for I aver nothing has ever
given more aid and comfort to Mexico than this
jesuitical message on which I am now commenting.
Every intelligent Mexican, on its perusal, will feel
his cause stronger and ours weaker. He will put
his finger on the place and say, " There Mr. Polk
disguised the truth; here he told but half the case;
there he gave a false coloring." I verily believe,
Mr. Chairman, I have twenty Cluaker women in
my district that could overturn these positions, and
expose the sophistries in this message. On the 8th
day of May, 1844, Colonel Benton, in the Senate,
declared that the taking of the valley of the Rio
Grande, even by treaty with Texas, would be an
"act of unparalleled aggression agalllSt MeXl
co," "despoiling her of parts of four of her States."
Well, sir, in May, 1846, Mr. Polk, not even by
treaty, but by an armed force, seizes the territory,
and drives Mexico from it. Now it is done., and
what is Mr. Benton to say' If he declares it right,
he falsifies his former positions; if he repeats what
he said before, tlien he " represents this war un-
just;" and (Mr. Polk being judge) is guilty of
moral treason, "giving aid and comfort" to Mexi-
co. I leave the President and his newly-converted
defenders to explain the inconsistencies. I shall
canvass this war on its merits, regardless alike of
demagogue cries and Executive menaces.
In doing so, Mr. Chairman, I call the attention
of the House, of the country, to the jesuitical at-
tempt of the President and his partisans on this
floor to change the issue; to hide the true point in
dispute. He labors through half his message, and
so do his defenders here; so does his organ in this
city; so do his collared presses in the country, to
make the people and the world believe we have
gone to war with Mexico because she will not pay
u,i the indemnities due. A more reckless ground, and
one more at variance with history and truth, was
never assumed. This I purpose to show.
But first, let me devote a moment to this ques-
tion of Mexican spoliations. In 1839 we concluded
a conventional arrangement with her, by which
our claims were to be proved and liquidated. That
, arrangement expired by its own limitations, in
February, 1842, the joint commission having found
I j due us $2,026,000. This amount was to be paid
i in twenty quarterly instalments. A new prelimi-
j! nary treaty was made by our Minister (Waddy
'•! Thompson) in 1843, for the final hearing and ad-
,! justment of all the remaining claims; but our Senate
i refused to ratify that treaty unless the negotiation
'! were removed from Mexico to Washington. It
ij thus fell through. In the meantime Mexico paid
! us five of the twenty instalments—one-fourth of
1 the entire award—bringing it down to July, 1844.
j Mr. Polk says Mexico then stopped, and has paid
i no more since. Ah, sir, why did not this jug-handle
'' message tell the world the occasion of her stop-
'1 puig just then ? Why not give the reason Mexico
assigned for withholding further payments? Why
f not divulge the fact that she had then learned that
'I in April previous, at Washington, a treaty hod
been signed by John Tyler and the President of
' Texas,fobbing her (in the language of Mr. Reti-
!j ton) ofpaits of " four of her large States." Per-
■' petrating on her "an act of unparalleled aggres-
sion!" Was it not time for her to stop and ipquire
what it all meant? I pass over her other grievan-
ces, real or imaginary. I say nothing of her having
witnessed for the last nine years the people of the
United States rushing to the standard of her rer
volted province; of the thousands of money and
companies of men sent to the conflict against her.
I come to that treaty. It was inconvenient for Mr.
Polk to tell any of these facts, or to set forth any
of these palliations. He thought the world, that
posterity, would never know the facts only as lie
chose to spread them out.
But I press this point in its broadest form. Is it
good cause of war that a nation or State neglects
to pay her debts? I put it to you, you barking
Democrats from the West; you from the non-pay-
ing States; you from Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas,
Florida, and Texas; you, whose protested State
bonds are hawked about the markets at a ruinous
shave. I put it to you, war-hnwks from Mis-
sissippi, whose Democratic Governor repudiated
seven millions of your State debt at one batch, an
amount three times beyond what Mexico is proved
to have owed us.
[Mr. ROBERTS, of Mississippi, here interrupt-
ed Mr. Culver, and said it was false; that the
State had not repudiated.]
Mr. C. proceeded, "jfot repudiated," sir? Is
the gentleman serious? I have the message of
Governor McNutt before me. I point him to two
consecutive elections—1841 and '42—where the
issue was said to be the paying and anti-paying
party—the latter succeeding. Does ho say it is
"false ?" Then, sir, I will brand his statement
with the attributes it deserves; and I will do it, too,
by unimpeachable Democratic authority. The
"Democratic Review," volume 14, page 13, says:
"Mississippi has the unfortunate distinction of
' being the only State which has formally re-
' fused to acknowledge the obligatory character of
' the whole or any part of her debt." False, sir?
Then brand your own Governor and your own
Review. There is my authority.
i I put it to nil of you, whose bonds, amounting
I to nearly one hundred and seventy-four millions,
are floating over the world, tell me. ought Mexico
, for such a cause, especially without telling her that
i is the cause, to be invaded, her citizens murdered,
| and her dominion subverted ? Then I charge that
j your towns and villages ought to be laid in ashes,
your women and children made houseless, and
your men shot down in the field.
j But this is not all. I charge not only these in-
| solvent States, but this Government, with guilt
fourfold blacker than that imputed to Mexico. I
mean in this matter of "spoliationsMore than
forty-six years ago, citizens of our republic had
spoliations committed upon them by France.
Many of them lost their all—were mined. These
spoliations amounted to more than thirty millions.
For an equivalent, a valuable consideration, we
released France, and assumed theclaims ourselves;
and for more than forty-five years, these ruined
citizens while they lived, and after them, their
widows and children, came, witlrtears in their
eyes, knocking at the doois of this Capitol for
payment. Congress at last beard their cries; last
session a bill for their relief passed both Houses—
but slap in our facc came hark aveto. The money
was all wanted, said Mr. Polk, for the war with
Mexico. And, sir, your non-paying, but war-
going, States, were found sustaining that veto.
And among the rest, the tender-hcarte'd Democrat
from northwest Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] who has
shed tears over the " ruined merchants" that went
J to Mexico to trade; lie, too, was found voting
j against the widows and oi phans of our own "ruin-
1 ed citizens."
j "Nor is this the choicest specimen of that gentle-
man's Democracy. When a bill had passed both
, Houses, making appropriations for the improve-
' ment of our risers and harbors—a bill which was
to protect the lives of thousands of our sailors who
! are now being wrecked and lost, and millions of
i our exposed property, that gentleman at first stood
! up and voted for the bill, as the interest of his State
I inquired. But back came your tkto, and where
] now the independent Democrat from Ohio? Ah ! he
! doffs his cap, lowers his peak, bows to the Execu-
j tive, and votes for the veto! Out on such moonlight-
I mackerel Democracy as this! I would not have
i it about me for all the metal buttons that could
