254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 20,
29th Cong:....2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Culver.
Ho. of Reps.
glitter on a, boy's coat, or the yellow lace that could
a&om his cap. This veto, too, alleges, that the
money is wanted to carry on this war. Shame on
. the nation that can thus withhold millions due to
her own citizens, and expend hundreds more to
fight a poor, crippled, faction-torn republic, be-
cause she neglects to pay us two millions. But did
we go to war because Mexico would not pay us ?
Did we inform her of that? Did we submit our
ultimatum, and threaten her with war for that
cause? Not a word of it, sir. Mr. Polk, on the
12th of May last, in recommending to Congress to
recognise the warwhioh, he said, "Mexico had
commenced,'' gave, as the reason, " that she had
invaded our territory, and spilled our blood on our
own soil." He also procured the preamble to the
war bill, false in fact and fraudulent in purpose, to
recite that " war existed by the acts of Mexico."
Does this look as if we had gone to war with her
for not paying our debt? No, sir; it is an after-
! thought, got up to change the issue.
But the President would stultify Mexico, as well
as ourselves, in relation to the true issue and cause
of the war. On page seven of his message, he says
that " Mexico has never placed the war which she
has waged on the ground of our army occupying
the intermediate territory on the Rio Grande."
What a statement to emanate from the Chief Ma-
gistrate! I'll prove it destitute of any foundation
in truth, and, with it, I will show up another as-
sertion on the same page. He says, " her (Mex-
ico's) avowed purpose in commencing a war with
the United States, was to reconquer 7'ems." Ah!
loas that her " avowed purpose?" I will thank Mr.
Polk, or any of his friends, to tell me when or where
she made that avowal ? So far from that, sir, I will
call four consecutive witnesses; each speaking for
and on behalf of xMexico, to brand this statement
With the character it deserves.
My first witness is the Secretary of State of
Mexico, Mr. Pena y Pena, to Mr. Black, 31st Oc-
tober, 1845. He says:
"The Government of Mexico has given its order-*, for the
present, suspending any act of hostility against the United
Slates, and limits itself to the defence, awaiting the issue of
the negotiation," &o.
That talks only of "defencet" nothing there about
" reconquering Texas."
My next witness is General La Vega, who, on
the 28th March, 1846, said to General Worth:
Tiie umioh of the United State;; troops through a pa.it of
the Mrxiuin terntonj, uas an act of wai. That Mexico had
not. (ieel.wd war. The two countries wore <-tiII at poace.
We (Mexico) Icit indignation nt seeing: the American flu^
placed on the Rio Gumle, a foi tion of the Mexican ten i-
tory•"
Here is the cause of their indignation: not a word
about the " reconquest of Texas."
My next witness rises in grade; he speaks for'
Mexico; this is General Ampudia, who, on the
]2th April, 1846, wrote to General Taylor:
li Your Government, in an incredible manner, lias not
only insulted, but ex-asperated, the Mexican nation, bearing
Us conquering banner to (he left bunko/ the Rio del Norte; in
1hh case, by the definitive orderof my Government, J 10
quire you, m all form, to breakup yourcamp and withdiaw
to the other h.ml^of the Nueces, while our Governments aie
treating,'' S>.c. " ff vtni mMs*l ou remaining on the soil of
Tamauhjias, it must clearly result that arm? mu^t decide the
question."
Now, sir, what is the cause of the collision of
" arms?" is it the " reconquest of Texas," or the
invasion of Mexican soil ? Let the world and pos-
terity judge.
My fourth witness ranks equal with Mr. Polk,
ill every respect, but mode,sty and veracity. It is
President Parades himself. On the 23d of April,
3 846, after he learned the approach of our army, m
an official manifesto, he says:
" I -olcjniily announce that I do not declare war against
the United States of America, because tliat belongs to the
august Confess; but the defence of Mexican territory, which
llie of Uic United States have invaded, is an urgent
neep^it.v."
And he insists that—
" The troops, which III u '. act n ; enemies, be ordered to be
repelled. Fiom this day begins our defensive irar, and every
point of oilr territory, attacked oi i n vaded, shall be defended."
There, Mr. Chairman, you hear of "attacking,"
" invasion," " repelling," " defending," but not a
word about the " reconquest of Texas." For ichat
cause, then, I ask you, I ask this House, for what
cause did Mexico "avow" that she began this
war 5 On a question of veracity between Mr. Polk
and four confronting witnesses, I leave the world
to judge. And yet, by these bald statements in
the message, thousands are made to believe that
Mexico made war to reconquer Texas, and we
made war for the non-payment of our indemnities;
while truth and history establish the fact, that the
cause, the sole cause of this war, was the armed
invasion of her territory by our troops—that, too,
in defiance of law, while Congress was in session,
the act and deed of a usurping President.
This leads me to the great point, the only real
point in issue. Who did own the territory on the
Rio Grande ? Who had the right to occupy it with
an armed force? Possession is evidence of title
till a better is shown. Mexico had occupied it for
three hundred years. Since the days that Cortez
conquered it, her people had lived, flourished, and
passed away, generation after generation, m that
valley; their bones are now mingling with those of
our own soldiers. Her possession, then, must be
overcome by a paramount title. What is that?
Mr. Polk says it was " our soil." He is chal-
lenged for the proof. He attempts, in his message,
to give it, and I will attempt to analyze it.
His first item is, that, " under the treaty of 1803
with France, we claimed down to the Rio.Grande."
Yes, but did our adversary admit the claim ? Did
not Don Oms, the Spanish Minister, always deny
and stoutly resist it? It is one thing to claim,
but quite another to get your claim admitted. But
grant that we did claim or own under the treaty of
1803, did we not, sixteen years after, in the Flor-
ida treaty, cede away, and, for a valuable equiva-
lent, forever quit claim whatever right or tftle we
had to all west of the Sabine? We took Florida
in exchange. If, then, we can go back and predi-
cate title on such a claim, Spain or Mexico can do
the same to Florida. What an argument for a
President to use. Who ever supposed a man could
go back of his deed of cession ?
Again, sir, for another argument in defence of
our title, Mr. Polk says: " Texas always claimed
the Rio Grande as her western boundary." I
most respectfully deny it. Texas did not always
so claim. In 1834, (Texas being an integral part
of Mexico,) General Almonte was sent out as a
commissioner on the part of the republic to ascer-
tain, among other things, the boundaries of Texas.
He put it between certain parallels of latitude,
which did not bring it within one hundred and
thirty miles of the Rio Grande. Moreover, the
acts of the Texas and Coahuila Congress, when
they were united in one department, define the
Nueces as the boundary. These facts I have seen
stated under General Almonte's own hand.
But Mr, Polk says, again: " Texas, by her act
of Congress m 1836, defined that river as her
western boundary." Suppose she did; and sup-
pose that act, for the tune being, gave her title; did
she not, nine years after, ill 1845, by assenting to
the joint resolution, agree to waive the question of
boundary, and allow us to settle it for her by nego-
tiation? This was, pro tanto, a repeal or modifica-
tion of her act.
But 1 deny, sir, that her ex-parte act of 1836
ever gave her one patch or shred of title. Mexico
was not a party to that act; she always resisted it.
One party cannot thus manufacture title for him-
self. Let mc give my friends a ease. Suppose
the member from Texas [Mr. Pillsbury] and
myself own contiguous farms. We occupy, side
by side, twenty years. He takes it into ins head
that he will have fifty rods on the south side of
my form. He enteis and claims it. I resist. A
i fight ensues. I call on him for his title. I appeal
1 to him, and ask him, have I not always lived
on and occupied it? "Yes." Have you ever
occupied it at all? "No." Have I ever given
you any deed, scrip, or writing ? "No." Have
you ever tried to oust me by force? "Yes, twice."
Did 1 not each time resist you—shoot your dogs,
whip your negroes, and sue you for trespass?
"Yes." Well, then, where is your title ' "Oh,"
says he, " in my office, in a pigpon hole, there
is a certificate, a solemn instrument, under my
hand and seal, certifying that I own fifty rods
further on to your farm." What a title ! What
1 a rush of lawyers he would have to bring a suit
i for him on such proof. And yet this is the kind of
! proof a certain ex-Tennessee lawyer is urging in
support of our title to the Rio Grande. I main-
tain, that national boundaries cannot be altered,
or territorial jurisdiction acquired, but in one of
two ways.—by treaty or by conquest. Mr. Polk
was aware of this, and he makes a?lame attempt
at each for title. He says, "Texas revolted in
1836, and carried her revolution beyond the Nueces."
Ah, he stops short of telling how/or. He means
to have it inferred she carried it to the Rio Grande;
but he had not the effrontery to say it. True,
Texas did carry her revolt just across the Nueces,
embracing a little settlement at Corpus Christi, not
within one hundred and thirty miles of the Rio
Grande.
Then, sir, having got " across the Nueces," it is
amusing to see his Excellency ringing the changes
about the occupation and jurisdiction of Texas,
"in the disputed territory." He tells us of "col-
lectors," "custom houses," " post offices,"" post
routes," of her " courts," Senatorial and Con-
gressional " districts." Really, one would think
the valley of the Rio Grande all alive with these
Texas demonstrations. But the buzzing all ceases
when you ask him to be a little specific. " Cus-
tom-houses!" Where? At Corpus Christi. No-
where else. "Collectors!" Where? Corpus
Christi. "Postoffices!" Where? Corpus Christi.
" Post routes!" Where ending? Corpus Christi.
" Senatorial and Congressional Representatives 1"
From what part? Corpus Christi. "Courts and
"elections!" Where? Corpus Christi. That
vast valley of the Rio Grande, four times the size
of the State of Ohio, is then claimed by our saga-
cious President, because of these Texas demon-
strations at that little village of Corpus Christi.
All centering in that one place. Not one of them
coming within one hundred and twenty-five miles'
of the Rio Grande. Was there ever a more bare-
faced attempt at deception? If these demonstra-
tions at Corpus Christi give Texas any title to all
that valley, certainly Mexico will be an hundred-
fold stronger. She has more than ten post offices
to our one; fifty courts, elections, and magistrates
to our one; ten Representatives to our one. Why
is not her title ten times stronger than ours?
The message insists that " the Rio Grande, from
its mouth to its source, is the true western bound-
ary of Texas." Is the President aware in what
a dilemma his reasoning puts my honorable friend
from Texas [Mr. Pillsbcry?] He would put
sixty thousand Mexican constituents into his Con-
gressional district. And I would advise the astute
catechiser from Tennessee, [Mr. Barkley Mar-
tin,] instead of asking, as he did, my Whig
friend from Maine, [Mr. Severance,] whether he
was a representative of Mexicans or Americans,
that he propound the inquiry to his political brother
from Texas. Ask him if he represents Mexicans
or Texans on this floor ? Ask him if he is not the
Representative of Brasos, Dolores, Laredo, Taos,
and Santa Fe? And, sir, I have been astonished
at the silence of my friend from Texas, while
sixty thousand of his constituents have been slan-
dered on this floor; held upas " treacherous, per-
fidious enemies" of their country, worthy of being
conquered by an armed force; sworn into new
allegiance; put under new military governors;
and new tribunals placcd over them. And yet,
amid all this obloquy, the dumb Representative
opens not his mouth in the defence of his con-
stituents. [A laugh.] Why, sir, he is leaving; us to
infer the truth of all we had heard about Texas
and Mexican refugees. It used to be said of them
at the North, (slanderously I presume,) that they
were a set of crime-committing, justice-hating,
sheriff-fleeing, country-running gentlemen, that had
sought Texas as the city of refuge—(one of its
counties is called " Refugio")—and, when arrived
there, #e used to hear of them as your dirk and
pistol, bowie knife, long-wluskered patriots of
Texas; and patriots they were, sir, for most of
tlieni left their country for their country's good.
And if these other charges are true, some of them
in Mr. Polk's new Texas, add treachery, perfidy,
and treason to their catalogue.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will do justice to the
member from Texas, between whom and myself
there has been a good understanding. He is not
the Representative of Mexico; Mexicans never
voted for him. He would have hazarded his head
to have attempted a stump speech in all that val-
ley. No friend of his would have dared to have
opened a ballot box for him. It is the President,
and not the gentleman himself, that places him m
this singular predicament. But the message itself
