258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 25,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army—Mr. George S. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
1846, as well as to the subtreasury which I have
just been considering, that Mr. Walker owes the
difficulties which must embarrass the negotiation
of his loan. Capitalists want to see clearly where
the money is to come from to pay before they lend.
They are not so fond as some of our friends are of
operating in the dark. * .. ,
• We were told by a gentleman from Indiana, in
the Oregon debate of last winter, that the western
Democracy "went it blind on the Texas question,
in the expectation that their southern brethren
would return the compliment by going it blind for
Oregon up to fifty-four-forty. X imagine that the
Texas question is not the only one in which those
gentlemen "went it blind." On this very tariff
they " went it blind," as they will ere long them-
selves discover. On the subtreasury they " went
it blind," and continue to go it in all their original
blindness. Nor is this propensity confined to the
members of the House. Looking to the Cabinet,
we find that it is still the story of the blind leading
the blind, and we all know where this march ter-
minated. Mr. Marty "went it blind" when he
published to the world, a few days before Mr.
Walker's last public appeal to the money-lenders
in Wall street, that there would be no more troops
called out for the prosecution of this war. Mr.
Walker " went it blind" when he wrote his letter
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, staking his financial success on the pas-
sage of the tea and coffee tax. And, as for the
President himself, we all know that Santa Ana
threw dust in his eyes!
The policy of the Administration, Mr. Chair-
man, seems to be a game of cross purposes. Look-
ing at the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the end and aim of Government seems to be to di-
vert labor from manufactures to agriculture. Im-
mense estimates are piesented of our agricultural
products, and of the vast accession to our national
wealth by the increasing value or prices of our cot-
tin arid breadstuff's. \V"e are sent back to the soil.
There we must earn our bread by the sweat of our
brow, and grow rich by consuming ninely-five-hun-
dredlhs of our products within our own territory,
provided we pass them from one to another at con-
siderable prices. But, whilst we are to be an agri-
cultural people, we are to indulge in expensive
wars of conquest, and to depreciate the value of
our own lands and their products by vast ten'ito-
rial accessions. To carry on wars, sir, we must
be a rich people. It is an expensive game for the
country. We must build, and create, and bring
the aid of machinery and the steam-engine to the
production of the means of war. A late popular
English writer says, " it is the spinning-jenny and '
' the steam-engine that we must look to as the true I
■ moving powers of our fleets and armies, and the :
1 chief support also of a long-continued agricultu-
ral prosperity."
_ Wations purely agricnltuial are, and must con- j
tinue to be, comparatively poor; and, if they would i
be prosperous, they must enjoy permanent and un- !
interrupted peace. Invincible while acting on the I
defensive, they must entertain no scheme of ag-
grand izement—no project of aggression. Their
citizens cannot be withdrawn from their daily la-
bors. They cannot reap in the autumn when they
have not sown m the seed-time, and watered and '
watched' in the summer. Personal and constant
attention must be given to their crops, and the
whole piucess must be conducted by the slow toil j
of human hands. From men devoted to such pur- ,
suits you cannot take the means of war, without i
robbing them of the means of life. True it is that i
our brilliant Secretary informed the Senate, in his
lecture—for it can hardly be called a report—under i
date of August last, that the operation of the tariff '
adds nothing to "the aggregate wealth of the coun- '
try, because it does not increase labor." Now, sir '
it is the labor-saving machinery which the tariff '
puts into operation—by the aid of the winds, the
waters, or the steam-engine, doing the labor of 'a j
thousand hands by the guidance of a single pair
that multiplies to an extent incalculable the produc- '
tive labor, and consequently the aggregate wealth of I
nations, :
Strange it is, and almost without parallel in the i
annals of political infatuation, that, at the very i
time the country has the most need of its wealth: i
at the very time, of all others, when it is most
necessary to stimulate manufacturing production, 11
and augment the national revenue; at the very time
it is most essential to nurse all our economical
resources, to cherish the national credit to the ut-
most, arid increase the facilities of financial oper-
ations, individual and national, the Administration
should desccnd upon the country with a series of
measures calculated only to cripple, embarrass, and
impoverish it.
You disturb the commercial world by a pretend-
ed adoption of a government currency exclusively
| metallic, and the actual issue of mere government
| paper. You venture upon an experimental tariff
j of revenue, substituting it for one of known and
! tried sufficiency, and provide for your extra ex-
I penditures in the conduct of a foreign war by the
I mortgage of your national domain. And as to
i this aimless and destructive war, which was be-
i gun, Heaven only knows why, and which will be
j ended, Heaven only knows how, or when, or on
I what terms, no two members of the Cabinet, I
presume, agree upon the questions which the ter-
mination of this war involves. One would be sat-
isfied with indemnity from a nation which is una-
ble to pay; another would like soil with slavery,
and a third without it. One would go to the Rio
Grande; another would take all west and north of
a line drawn from the mouth of the Rio Grande to
the Pacific; and a third would be satisfied with
nothing short of a revel in the halls of the Monte-
zumas, and the territory down to the isthmus.
And it is to the prosecution of such a warfare that
all other interests, public and private, are to be
sacrificed. Our rivers and harbors must go unpro-
tected and unimproved, that Mr. Polk may carry-
on his war. We must continue to pay tribute to
English steamers for carrying our letters and pas-
sengers across the Atlantic and the world over,
because the Postmaster General cannot see his way
clear to advise any recognition or aid to private
enteipiise in this behalf. Money honestly due for
nearly half a century, on the score of French spo-
liations, must be withheld from its rightful owners,
because it is wanted lo help along Mr. Polk's war.
Private claimants of every name and nature are
turned away from your departments, and turned
away with neglect, if not insolence, from this Hall;
and we cannot even hear, much less consider their
■demands, because Mr. Polk wants their money to
carry on his war! And with what fairness, Mr.
| Chairman, can this military chieftain of ours, as
he has done in the annual message, in one breath
; contend that we have good cause of war against
Mexico for not paying her debts, and in the next
advise Congress to withhold the paying of our own
debts, in order that we may prosecute this war 1 :
And by this policy, Mr. Chairman, in what re-
lation are we placing ourselves to the other nations
of the earth ? What is England about, while we
are sacrificing all our industrial and national inter-
ests to this unnecessary warfare? Doing as she
always does—lending a helping hand to her people
ill all quarters; letting in wheat and breadstuff's to
feed the starving population of Ireland; and cozen-
ing Mr. Walker into the relief of Manchester and
Birmingham, by putting the screws upon Provi-
dence and Lowell; and into the aid of Newcastle
and Wales, at the expense of Maryland and Penn-
sylvania. It was the failure of the potato crop to
the amount of seventy-five millions of dollars, and 1
the dangers of dealing with a famished population, i
that brought about all this seeming complaisance '
which the English Government and the English
journals extend to our Democratic Presidenfand
Secretary, by their remedial measures of relaxa-
tion and repeal. England is not growing rich—as
we are under Mr. Walker's auspices—by merely
marking up the price of her goods, but by impro-
ving her machinery and pushing her manufactures;
opening, by steam communication, new markets
for them in all quarters of the globe; and bringing
to the aid of her merchants, and of her skilful and
enterprising citizens, the favor and encouragement
of public protection and patronage. It is thus that
she has suddenly become the great steam-carrier
°f the mail and of travellers in every quarter of the
civilized world; and the world, consequently, has
become dependant upon her for locomoticfh and
intelligence. Every letter, every traveller, con-
tributes towards the support of this enlightened
and liberal policy, which yearly adds immensely
to England's wealth and England's power. Would
to God that we might profit by her wisdom !
But, after all, Mr. Chairman, stripped of its dis-
guises, what is this measure but a clumsy attempt,
on the part of the Secretary, to do away, as far as
possible, the evils of one bad act through the me-
dium of another bad act. It is a mere temporary
repeal, to all intents and purposes, of the sub-
treasury, by the passage of a bill which renders it
practically inoperative and unavailing. It is ex-
tending our metallic currency by the issue of that
worst possible of "rag money," as our Democratic
friends rejoiced at one time in calling it—Govern-
ment paper. The evil of the subtreasury recoils
upon the heads of its inventors, and they now peti-
tion us to relieve them from its disastrous conse-
quences, not in a fair, open, and honorable manner,
but covertly and by a trick. Instead of proposing
manfully to repeal that oppressive and absurd
measure, and relieve the country forever from the
curse of it, Mr. Walker proposes to flood the land
with $28,000,000 of treasury paper, in denomina-
tions as small as fifty dollar bills.
But what will be the immediate effect of this im-
mense issue of paper money ? Ten millions or so
of the issue the country may possibly bear without
injurious effects; but as you augment the supply
beyond this amount will come the risk of deprecia-'
tion; and who will be the sufferers? Already, if
reports are true, have our poor soldiers been the
losers of some 10 or 15 per cent, of their hard-
earned wages in the exchange of treasury paper
now issued for their necessities, and we shall hardly
improve their value by increasing the issue of
$23,000,000 more. In the passage of this bill the
predictions of the Opposition are all realized. The
specie subtreasury act is about to form the basis of
an immense Government paper bank, which will tend,
by its own issues, to create an inflated value of
property, and lead to a future revulsion of distress
and ruin.
And what will be the situation of Government a
year hence. ? If the war continues, as it no doubt will,
and continues to be as unwisely managed at head-
quarters as it has been, at least a loan of fifty mil-
lions of dollars more will be required. With a float-
ing paper debt already of $28,000,000, what must
then take place? Will you add this §50,000,000,
too, to your paper currency? Or will you compel
the Administration to counsel together for the wel-
fare of the country, rather than for the preservation
of mere party bonds and pledges, and compel them
to remove the millstone from their own neck and
that of the people ?
PAY OF THE ARMY.
SPEECH OF MR. GEO. S. HOUSTON,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House or Representatives,
January 25, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having under considera-
tion a bill " To increase the pay of the Non-com-
missioned Officers, Musicians, and Privates of the
Army of the United States, and the Militia and
Volunteers in the service of the same, and allow-
ing them bounty land in certain cases"—
Mr. George S. Houston proposed to amend
the bill m the fifth line by striking out the word
"two" and inserting "three,'' so as to increase
the pay of the soldiers to ten dollars per month.
In support of the proposed amendment,
Mr. HOUSTON said:
Mr. Chairman: I had not expected to enter into
the debate upon this subject; but as it seems to be
very difficult to agree upon a bill which will render
justice to the soldiers who are fighting our battles,
and as I entertain objections to both the bill and
the substitute now under discussion, I will ask the
indulgence of the committee while I hastily attempt
to specify some of these objections.
This subject has passed the ordeal of two com-
mittees: first, the military; then a select commit-
tee; and, in my estimation, the plan at last pre-
sented is defective and unjust. I do not think the
labors of the select committee have contributed
much, if in any degree, towards perfecting the
measure. I am not sure that the substitute pre-
sented by that committee is not as objectionable, as
a whole, as the original bill itself. It is true that the
