1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army-—Mr. George S. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
substitute does not contain that very objectionable
provision of the original bill which required one
class of the warrants proposed to be given to be
located on lands which had been ten years in market
at private sale; and in that I will admit there is an
improvement; but it yet contains provisions which
are, in my opinion, highly objectionable! It re-
quires that the warrants be located on, and received
in payment for, lands which, at the date of the
warrant, may be subject to 'private entry. Such a
provision I conceive to be unjust to the soldier. If
you pretend to give him lands, give him such as
you would select for yourself. If he finds land to
suit him subject to private entry, let him take it,
but do not force him to do so. You propose to
give him land which you say is worth two hun-
dred dollars. Who, with a common-sense view
of the case, will believe you? If you desired to
purchase land for yourself, would you go into the
market and select such as you are offering to the (
soldier? Would you pay for such land the price !
at which you estimate it to him ?—lands which
have been picked and culled for years—the refuse
of speculators and other purchasers. You would
never make choice of such lands, if better could
be procured; yet you offer to pay your soldier,
who fights your battles and gains your victories,
in these inferior lands for the high services he len-
ders to his country. Suppose the war now going
on in Mexico were to result, as I believe it will,
in the acquisition of large tracts of valuable terri-
tory; could the soldier, who, by his toils and his
privations, by his valor and his blood, had won it
for you—could he take the warrant which called
for one hundred and sixty acres of land—two hun-
dred dollars—and locate it upon any part of that
rich and valuable soil? Would he even be per-
mitted to attend your land sales, and purchase
land with that warrant as others might do? ]NTo,
sir; he could do no such thing—such a privilege
would not belong to him; but, after the speculators
had made their choice, with a view to extort from
the h'onest settler an exorbitant price for his little
home, then the "old soldier,"scarred, mangled, and
decrepit as he has become in maintaining his coun-j
try's rights, and in fighting for that veryland> might
come forward, and from the refuse make his loca-
tion, and purchase lands which would be compara-
tively worthless.
Nothing, sir, is better known to those who live
in the new States than the fact that the choice lands
are generally taken at the public land sales, and
that the inferior, and very seldom any other thaa
an inferior quality, is left to be sold at private sale;
and such inferior land your liberality, your grati-
tude, and your justice prompt you to offer to your
brave, patriotic, and faithful soldiers. Sir, I can
speak for my own State, and know that I keep
within the bounds of moderation in saying than
out of nearly eighteen millions of acres of public
lands now subject to private entry, in the State of
Alabama, there is not one legal division or subdi-
vision of it worth seventy-five cents per acre—not
one tract of forty acres, being the smallest subdi-
vision, worth that amount; and I very much doubt
whether a tract of that extent could be found, worth
more than the half of that price. I would, then,
appeal to gentlemen—to the members of an Ameri-
can Congress—to know if it is their purpose to do
no better for our soldiers. This piovision seems
to me, sir, to be but little better than a mockery—
an insult to the brave veteran who has perilled his
life, and who is ready to forego the pleasures of
home, to shut himself out from all the social and
domestic enjoyments of life, to sacrifice and sur-
render everything that society, friendship, and
peace can render dear, in order to maintain the
rights and preserve the honor of our country. I,
sir, am opposed to such an illibeial and ungrateful
course. 1 will never consent to discriminate against
the patriot soldier. I am for giving such a war-
rant as will purchase good land—a warrant which
would enable him to compete with any other pur-
chaser, as far as its amount would go, at either
Erivate or public sale, for such land as the soldier
imself might desire to obtain.
The third section of this substitute is objection-
able, also. It provides that if the man who has in-
listed for five years, o2r for the war, be taken sick
or wounded, and be thus prevented from service,
he should get his land, the same as those who
served. I do not object to this provision: on the
contrary, so far as it goes, it receives my approba-
tion. My objection is, that the bill does not ex-
tend the same benefit to the man in a like condition
who had volunteered for six or three months, or
for any period under twelve months. Such men
are unquestionably and fully entitled to the benefit
ofsuchalaw; and! desire to see the bill so amended
as to put them upon an equality with those within
the purview of the provision as it now stands. If
the twelve months' volunteer should be wounded
or get sick, would he be any more meritorious than
the sick or wounded man who had volunteered for
only six months? Wh}', I can perceive no imagin-
able difference between the merit of the man who
volunteered for three months, or six months, and
the one who volunteered for twelve months, five
years, or during the war, so far as the loound or
disability is concerned. The bounty is to be given
to him in consideration of his wound or sickness,
and not for the length of time for which he may
have volunteered to serve his country. The very
basis of such legislation is the sickness or wound—
the disability; and if he had been in service but for
a month, or a day, and was wounded whilst de- j
fending his country, and bravely bearing aloft her ;
banner amidst the clash of arms and the horrors of
war, that country would be ungiatcful, indeed, in
withholding from him that solace and support
which his sickness or wounds, contracted in her
service, might require.
The provision contained in the fourth section of
the substitute, is also subject to serious objections.
It provides that these bounty lands shall be laid off
in some district, but does not specify any location.
Why does not the bill specify where the lands
shall lie, giving the metes and bounds of the district
in which they maybe embraced ? Suppose it should
be said they were to be loeated in Alabama or Ohio,
where all the lands have been picked and culled
over until there is nothingleftbut an inferior quality;
suppose the time of this session should not allow
us to pass a law marking out the district; then the
bounty would be gone, or it would have to run the
hazard of meeting the approbation of another Con-
gress. It is necessary and proper to complete the
work now. Let us either not impose a restriction
as to the place of location, or lay off the district in
the bill giving the bounty: let all go together, and
then each member will know for what he is voting.
I am not for-trifling in this matter—I am not for
deceiving the soldier. I am opposed to promising
him a home on which he may support and main-
tain his family, and then putting him off with in-
ferior lands. I am for taking the restrictions off,
and leaving the soldier with his warrant upon an
equal footing with other purchasers.
Sir, the history of this measure is rather a sin-
gular one. At the last session of Congress, when
the bill authorizing the President to accept the ser-
vices of fifty thousand volunteers was under con-
sideration, my colleague [Mr. Chapman] offered
an amendment increasing the pay to ten dollars per
month. Since then, the proposition has found
" many fathers;" all seem to be anxious to claim
the honor of its introduction: and amidst the ardent
aspirations of other gentlemen, my colleague's con-
nexion with the measure has been lost sight of and
forgotten; but it should be remembered that he
[Mr. Chapman] is entitled to the credit of having
first moved in the matter; and doubtless the mod-
esty for which my colleague is so remarkable, has
prevented him from asserting his claims to its pa-
ternity. I hope, therefore, lie will excuse me for
this allusion to it.
This bill, sir, will give to the soldier no more
than justice, even if amended in all particulars as
I have suggested. The pay should be at least ten
dollars per month. I voted to make it ten dollars
at the first session of this Congress. I then voted
I for my colleague's amendment; and it is my pur-
• pose to follow the dictates of my conscience and
judgment, to yield to the gratitude which [ feel
' towards the brave soldiers of the country, by
| voting now for the increase of pay and the bounty
■ land. Some gentlemen have argued that the vol-
I unteers do not fight for pay, but from a high sense
1 of patriotic duty. I am ready to admit that the
! patriotism and valor of our countrymen are such
| as would cause them in thousands and hundreds
of thousands to rally, unforccd or unpaid, to resent
an insult upon our national honor; to repel an in-
vasion, or to comply with any call of their country
in time of need; but does a willingness on their
part to render such patriotic service afford a suffi-
cient reason why thecountry should rtqxiire it of
them? Will any member say, that because the
citizen soldier would march forth and defend his
country without pecuniary compensation, rather
than submit to insult and injury, that therefore the
Governmentshould require his services in the most
hazardous of all duties without offering him an
equivalent, or something like an adequate compen-
sation for such patriotic devotion and efficient ser-
vices? It should be borne in mind that the valiant
men who come forward and volunteer for their
country's war, do so at great sacrifices. They
leave their homes, they leave their friends, they
lay down their implements of trade, and abandon -
their profitable pursuits. The farmer forsakes his
plough, the mechanic his tools, and the profes-
sional man his office; ease, comfort, everything
that is dear and valuable, is made subordinate to
the call of their country. Then, sir, is it not, I
would ask, the duty of the Government not only
to hold the services thus rendered in grateful re-
membrance, but also to make the men who are
thus willing to perform them some grateful return
for the privations they have endured and the inter-
ests they have sacrificed ?
It has been my misfortune, Mr. Chairman, to
have been misunderstood by some of my constit-
uents, and classed with the opponents of this meas-
ure, because I voted against a motion, made by
a gentleman from Pennsylvania,-[Mr. Andrew
Stewart,] to suspend the rules to enable him to
offer a resolution upon the subject of increasingthe
pay of volunteers; and I will take this as a proper
occasion to set myself right, and to disabuse the
minds of such of my constituents as may labor
under an erroneous impression in reference to the
matter. I feel no disposition to disguise or conccal
the fact that I voted against the motion to suspend
the rules on the occasion alluded to; and I will
now offer some of the reasons which governed me
in giving that vote: First, I was one of the major-
ity of the House at that, as I am at the present
session, and as such, in common with the majority
with which I cooperated, felt that I (together with
the majority) was more particularly responsible
for the action of the House, or its failure to act,
than I should have been if associated with a mi-
nority. My practice therefore was, and yet is, to
vote against all motions to suspend the rules, unless
there were, in my opinion, high and imperious
considerations requiring a different course. A mo-
tion to suspend the rules is made only when some
member of either the majority or minority party,
it matters not which, desires to "push aside" the
regular business before the House for the purpose
of introducing some other proposition or subject,
out of its order or place; and such motions to be
successful, always require the votes of two-thirds
of the members present; hence they are seldom
made by those members who wish to see the busi-
ness of the House advance in a prompt and expe-
ditious manner.. When the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stewart] made his motion to
suspend, the House was in due progress with its
regular business, which was quite as important to
be done at that time as it was that any other busi-
ness should then have been transacted. Every
man who has any experience as a member of the
House of Representatives or of any other legisla-
tive body, will join me in saying that by taking
up and disposing of business in its proper order, it
is much more promptly, rapidly, and easily de-
spatched. I will venture the opinion, that if the
rules were properly enforced, and no business were
taken up out of its regular older, and no efforts
were made to disturb or suspend that regular
order, it would not require one-half the time it
nosv requires for the transaction of the same
amoynt of business. In that opinion, I believe
that all who hear me will concur. I have known
entire days thrown away in fruitless efforts to
suspend the rules by those members wno cared
but little whether anything or nothing should be
done, and whose object was to make personal or
party capital. Since I became a member of this
House, I have doubtless voted to suspend the
rules; but such has not often been the casej and I
presume that,upon examination, such votes will be
found to have been given only in such cases, and.
in favor of such measures, as required prompt and
