ATPPEiNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 26?
CbNG 2B Sess.
Bounty Lands to the Army—Mr. Boyd.
Ho. of Reps.
immediate "attention. I can appeal to all who Lear
me to: establish the fact that much—I had almost
"kaid three-fourths—of the confusion which attends
and seems incident to the deliberations of the
House, proceeds from an attempt to advance the
business m an -irregular manner, out of the regu-
lar and established order.
The motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, being made as it was, and under circumstan-
ces which surrounded it, was doomed to fail, and
all who reflected for a moment mu&thave known
it. INo one, not even the mover himself, could
'have believed it would be successful, for such mo-
tions do not ordinarily meet with favor in the
House; on the contrary, they but rarely command
the full strength of the question, or measure, pro-
posed to Be brought forward for consideration.
There are always some who would vote for the
proposition, or bill itself, .if regularly before the
House, who would not vote to suspend the rules
_to take it up opt of its regular order, and thereby
bring it before the House, more especially when
every one knows that the suspension cannot pre-
vail, and that the motion is made by some one who
would be willing to hinder and delay the ordinary
business of the House—the public business of the
country—in order to make capital for himself at
home. I feel confident that I can satisfy any one,
who will favor me with attention, that such was
the case with the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. When my colleague [Mr. Chap-
man] offered the amendment increasing the sol-
dier's pay to ten dollars per ihonth, it was fairly
and properly before the House. It was offered as
an amendment to the bill raising the fifty thousand
volunteers, and as such was germane and appropri-
ate. The vote upon that amendment being a direct
vote upon its adoption, commanded its full strength
at that time, and stood—yeas one hundred and four,
nays eighty-two. INo man ever supposed that any
of the eighty-two who had voted against it on the
yeas and nays would be So childish as to vote to
suspend the rules a few days afterwards, with a
view of bringing the same subject again before the
House. If none of the eighty-two would have
changed their votes, then it must have been appa-
rent that the rules could not be suspended—eighty-
two being more than one-third of the whole House,
and, as I have before remarked, to suspend the
rules requires the votes of two-thirds of the mem-
bers voting.
I am opposed, sir, to wasting the time of the
House, and neglecting the business of the country,
upon motions which all, even the mover himself,
must feel conscious cannot succeed. However
much I mi<?hthave desired the consummation of that
measure—and I was exceedingly anxious for its sue-
cess—I knew that my duty to my country required
me to aid, to the extent of my humble ability, in
maturing other measures which the public interest
demanded; and I trust that I shall never be willing
to lend myself to members who may wish to play
upon their constituents at home, and make capital
for themselves, by moving, out of lime and order, and
under every disadvantage, upon popular questions. I
know, as did every other member of this House, that
there was a time and a way when and in which the
bill to increase the pay of the army could be brought
forward, when it would come up in its regular or- j
der, without a two-thirds vote. My desire was to I
see it brought forward and passed into a law; but |
the only way in which it could be surely done, j
with so large a minority opposed to it, was to pass |
through such business as regularly preceded it, !
and let it then come up in its due order, in which j
case it would have required two-thirds to thrust it ■
aside, instead of two-thirds to bring it forward. '
I have many other good reasons, sir, which I j
might give in justification of that vote—reasons |
which would, in my view, prove satisfactory to 1
my constituents, or others interested; but I will
detain the committee only to give one other, in
addition to those which 1 have already mentioned.
That reason is, that the resolution for the intro-
duction of which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania desired a suspension of the rule was partial
in its provisions, it provided but for one class of
the army, leaving the others upon the loio pay.
No man, governed in his view of things by a
proper sense of justice and a due appreciation of
merit, would, in my opinion, say that such should
be the law. For men who were under the same
command, "fighting side by side, who were
" shoulder to shoulder," storming the iortitica-
tions and defences at Monterey; whose blood
moistened the earth in one common stream—tor
such men to receive from the Government dtfterent
treatment, different amounts of compensation, tor
the same grade of gallant service, would seem to
be not only impolitic and unwise, but also ungen-
erous and unkind in the extreme. Such a system
would not only mortify the noble and patriotic
pride of those whose misfortune it should be to
encounter neglect, if not harsh treatment, from
this Government, and to- repress their generous^
ardor; but it would have the more baleful effect ol
engendering jealousies, heart-burnings, and dis-
cord in the army, which might prove seriously
detrimental to the service, as well as destroy every
prospect of filling up the ranks of the regular
army; for, while the Government was making^ an
obvious, and, the soldier would think, an odious
distinction in the ranks, could it be reasonably
expected that it would be able to procure the ser-
vices of men willing to enlist in that branch of the^
army which had been neglected and wronged, if
not degraded, by your legislation? Suppose, sir,
that you pay the regulars ten dollars, and the vol-
unteers fifteen dollars per month for the same ser-
vice; does any one suppose, can any one rationally
believe, that men could be found who wouUl go
under such circumstances into the regular service ?
They would come out in the greatest abundance
as volunteers, but not as regulars. For it has at
all times been difficult to fill up the rank and file of
i the regular army: that branch of the military ser-
r vice has never been, nor is it now, considered in
I all respects so honorable and respectable as the
i volunteer service; and if you make a glaring dif-
1 ferenoe m the pay of those two classes of soldiers,
the evil will be greatly increased: you will then be
! utterly unable to fill up your regular ranks, but
; will have to disband your officers or leave them
in very small commands. In support of what I
have remarked it may be proper for me to observe
that, at the very time at which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania made the effort to bring forward his
resolution, the Government was trying to procure
enlistments in the regular service. Our recruiting
officers were then, and are yet out upon that duty;
and even without the distinction which the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania sought
to draw between regulars and volunteers, recruits
have come in so slowly that, at this very session,
we have had to give a bounty to each man who
would enter the regular army.
I could, were it necessary, give many other co-
gent reasons for my course, but I deem it entirely
unnecessary to trouble the committee further. At
the last session t voted for the proposition, because
I was desirous to see it become the law. I am for
it now. It isdue to the soldier. I wish to see the
pay not only of the volunteer, but also of the regu-
lar, increased. No man has ever had reason to
doubt my friendship for such a measure, or in the
least degree to question my sincerity in the sup-
port of it.
It was under these circumstances that I gave the
and, sir, in reflect-
ing to the American bosom cannot be imagined;
for while it conveys to our minds a lofty sense of
the true patriotism and the pure sentiments of na-
tional pride and national fidelity which are peculiar
to the American character, it fills our hearts with
a propgr sense and a due estimate of the free and
glorious institutions under which we live. It is
from those institutions, founded upon principles
for which our revolutionary fathers struggled,
that the American citizen derives that noble spirit
and that dauntless valor which prompt him to put
on the armor of war, and fly, unled by the strong
arm of the law, or undazzled by the hope of re-
ward, to his country's defence. Under the influ-
ence of such sentiments, it would be far from me
to hold in any other than the highest estimation,
or to appreciate with anything less than admira-
tion or gratitude, the services of our brave volun-
teers. I pay to them, sir, a sincere tribute of my
heart, when I say that such soldiers I believe the
world has hitherto not known. The long and
sanguinary battle of Monterey, where many as
true a heart as ever beat in the bosom of man gave
its last throb, and sent up its last aspiration for its
country, is alone sufficient to attest the truth of
what I assert, and to show to the world that braver
and better soldiers than the American volunteers
never fought or died. But while I appreciate the
valor and" the patriotism of our brave volunteers,
I should feel as if 1 were underrating their high
qualifications as American citizens in believing that
they would wish to see the regular troops with
whom they are fighting crushed in their spirits,
wounded in their pride, and disturbed in their har-
mony, by the humiliating consciousness that their
Government was less interested in them than in
those with whom they shared the hardships and
perils of battle, and with whom they rejoiced over
the brilliant achievements of their country's arms.
vote of which I have spoken
ing further upon it, I feel the pleasant conscious-
ness of having voted right; and more especially,
when I remember that at the time at which the
vote was given, the same subject was before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and under its ad-
visement and examination—the very committee to
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania had di-
rected his resolution.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to bo distinctly and prop-
erly understood. I am not unfriendly to volun-
teers; on the contrary, in my judgment, the citizen
soldier is not surpassed, if not unequalled, by any
other soldier in the world. Skilful and valiant,
intelligent and conscientious, feeling an individual
as well as a national responsibility and pride, he
rallies beneath the flag of his country, and rushes
into battle, with a devotion and ardor to others
unknown. I look, sir, with emotions of lofty pride
upon those of our fellow-citizens who, in obedience
to their country's call, have voluntarily poured
themselves out from the cities, towns, mountains,
and valleys of our land, to offer themselves, their
blood, and their lives, unpurchased and unpaid,
for the maintenance of then- country's rights and
the defence of her honor. A spectacle more inspi-
BOUNTY LANDS TO THE ARMY.'
SPEECH OF MR. LINN BOYD,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
January 26, 1847,
On the Bill to increase the pay of the Non-commis-
sioned Officers, Musicians, and Privates of the
Army of the United States, and the Militia and
Volunteers in the service of the same, and allow-
ing them bounty land in certain cases.
Mr. BOYD said:
After the full discussion bestowed upon this
measure by others, I feel very little inclination to
continue the debate. It is due, however, to the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Graham] and
to myself to say, that he is m the main the author
of the substitute proposed by the selcct committee.
I reported it in obedience to the order of the com-
mittee, and not because I preferred it to the original
bill introduced by me at the beginning of the ses-
sion. On the contrary, I prefer the bill to the
substitute.
In addition to increasing the pay of the soldiers
two dollars per month, the bill proposes a grant of
one hundred and sixty acres of land to each of
those who engage to serve for twelvemonths or
during the war, and to such as engage for a less
time than twelve months, eighty acres of land. The
substitute makes no such provision for the latter
class. To this I object. If it be proper to give
one hundred and sixty acres of land to the twelve
months' men, it is surely but just to give eighty
acres to the six months' men. Whether we make
j the grant in payment for services rendered, or as
| a reward to patriotism, it is due to all; for all have
j rendered service. Allhave manifested a becoming
j patriotism.
j To my mind this proposition is clear, and I
1 have listened in vain, during this whole discus-
1 sion, for even a plausible reason against it. It
! will not do to contend that a grant of land to the
i six months' men would produce too great a drain
I upon the treasury. If that argument be good
! against that class, it will be found to apply with
' double force against the other. But, sir, it is an
| argument which can have but little weight, as ap-
plied to the one or the other. The resources of
I this country are quite competent to the task'of
