1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Bounty Lands to the Army—Mr. Boyd.
Ho. of Reps.
$
supplying the treasury with ail the means neces-
sary far the prosecution of the war, even though
every acre of the public lands be given to the
soldiers.
The frightful picture drawn by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] of a bankrupt treasury
and of ruined national credit, to which he as-
sumes this system of granting bounty lands to
our soldiers will lead, is but a fancy sketch, and
should alarm no one. True, whilst we are pro-
viding for those who fight our battles, those who
pay the taxes should not be wholly forgotten.
Both deserve consideration. To satisfy both, we
have only to do what is just to all. Our constitu-
ents are willing to pay increased taxes when shown
to be necessary to the prosecution of a just war.
I was, Mr. Chairman, from the day wc declared
war against Mexico, in favor of increasing the pay
of the soldiers engaged in that war. When the
war bill was under consideration in this body, the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Chapman,] moved
an amendment increasing, the pay of the volunteers
to ten dollars per month. It ought to have included
the regulars, but as they could be provided for in
another bill, I cheerfully voted for the amendment,
notwithstanding the omission. The amendment
was adopted by a majority of about twenty votes.
By reference to the journal, it will be seen that of
the number voting for the amendment, a large ma-
"ority were Democrats—myself among the number,
't was, however, no party measure, nor did either
party so consider it.
The bill thus amended went to the Senate,
where the amendment was stricken out unani-
mously—at least no division was called for by
any one of either party in that body. What in-
fluenced them, I cannot certainly say. They did
it, however, and one important reason for doing
so, was very palpable on the face of the proposi-
tion itself. It was invidious. It proposed to in-
crease the pay of volunteers only, when it should
have embraced all those serving in the war—the
regulars as well as the volunteers.
With that amendment of the Senate, the bill
was sent back to us; and upon the question of
concurring with that amendment, I voted, with a
very large majority, to concur. And why? Be-
cause I was afraid that a contest between the two
Houses about the pay of the volunteers, would
endanger the bill; and every schoolboy knows that
it would do quite as well to increase the pay of
the soldier thereafter as then. Senators and Rep-
resentatives, old and young, and of every party—
whether rightfully or wrongfully is immaterial—
were all of opinion, after the reception of the
news of the capture of Thornton and his com-
mand, that action, action, speedy action, should
be had upon the measure which was to provide the
men and money to meet the exigencies of the mo-
ment; not, perhaps, in the hope that we could thus
thiow troops upon the banks of the Rio Grande in
time to relieve General Taylor from the perils in
which he was then involved by the hostile move-
ments of Generals Arista and Ampudia; but who
could tell that General Taylor was not to be
repulsed, followed into Texas, and our whole
southwestern border swept by a strong invading
army ?
Everybody, sir, was for as prompt and speedy ac-
tion as the forms of constitutional legislation would
permit; and for that reason alone, if for no other,
it would not only have been improper, but mon-
strous, to have provoked a contest between the two
Houses, which must have resulted in delay, and
possibly in the defeat of the bill itself. For it is
within the recollection of all, that the Senate was
much divided on the proposition to declare war at
all. Some were for declaring that a state of " hos-
tilities" only existed, whilst a small majority was
for declaring war, and pursuing the enemy where-
ever he was to be found. These are the reasons
which influenced the vote of the House, and will
abundantly justify that vote with every nghtmind-
ed man in the nation.
Notwithstanding the known and decisively ex-
pressed opposition of the Senate to increasing the
monthly pay of the volunteers to the exclusion of
the regulars, a member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
-Stewart,] some time after the passage of the bill
declaring war against Mexico, moved to suspend
the rules and orders of the House to introduce a
resolution instructing a. committee to inquire into
the expediency of increasing the emoluments of
the volunteers only!
Of course I voted against this, and for two rea-'
sons: First, as I have before stated, it is unjust to
make a distinction, and pay one class of our fellow-
citizens, who are bearing arms in .defence of the
country, a less price for the exposure of their lives
than to another class of equal grade; and second, I
knew that if the House were disposed to sanction
such an act of partiality, the Senate had already
unanimously declared it would not.
But whilst irreconcilably opposed to a partial-
ity so unjust, and, permit me to add, so diame-
trically opposed to all my ideas of moral right, so
distinctly and directly at war with those" prin-
ciples of political equality and fairness which I
have ever endeavored to vindicate and uphold,
I did not, therefore, cease making efforts to pro-
cure a more adequate remuneration for the difficult
services and patient sufferings of the gallant volun-
teers. On the contrary, a consultation was had
between a Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] a
Representative from South Carolina, [General j
Black,] and myself, and others, which resulted j
in the introduction into the Senate (at about the !
same time the member from Pennsylvania [Mr. !
Stewart] made his motion to suspend the rules)
of a bill containing the same provisions for the
benefit of non-commissioned officers, musicians, i
and privates, whether volunteers or regulars, as
those embraced in the bill which I had the honor '
to submit for the consideration of the House at the
beginning of the present session.
The bill gave moneys and lands to both volun-
teers and regulars; it placed all men performing
similar duties upon a perfect equality, without
deigning to inquire whether they were known
upon the pay-rolls as " volunteers" or as "regu-
lars. " As the Representative of a just and noble-
minded constituency, I trust I shall ever be just^
enough to apportion pay, not according to names,
but according to the value of services rendered. J
When I see valor, and service, and suffering, and
tried worth, I hope to be true enough to my con- j
stituents and to myself promptly to recognise and [
honor it, without stopping to inquire whether I
am in the camp of the militia, of the volunteers, or
of the regular army of my country. i
Justice demanded that all privates engaged in the
same description of service, should be equally pro-
vided for: All were provided for in the bill of the
Senate, as agreed upon by myself and others at the
last session, and all are provided for by the bill
introduced by me at this session. The evidence
was palpable to us all, that a very large majority
of this House, and of the Democratic members of
it, were in favor ofincreasing the compensation of
our soldiers during the continuance of the war.
Yet this vote against suspending the rules of the
House to let in a proposition to increase the pay
of the volunteers only, has been referred to, and
political capital attempted to he made out of it, by
petty political hucksters against the Democratic
party on this floor. It has been paraded before the
country, with the unblushing declaration, that the
Democracy in Congress were opposed to increasing
the pay of the volunteers. Nothing could be more
false in Jact—nothing more unjust, than an at-
tempt of that kind. I characterize it but as it de-
serves.
With regard to a vote of that kind, however,
so far as it is personal to myself, I may be per- j
mitted, and I am proud to say, that my constit- j
uents would be slow to doubt my sincerity in this 1
or any other matter. And, sir, allow me just here
to remark, that one of the many pleasant fruits of
candor, and honest straightforwardness, blunt and
homely though they be, is the trust which the peo-
ple unsuspectingly repose in those who never
trifled with them", wheie a doubtful or responsible
vote must be given.
A decided and unswerving Representative can
safely vote his best judgment in a doubtful case,
because he knows his constituents, instead of cast-
ing about for pretexts wherewith to assail him, will
cheerfully await the verdict which time will pass
upon the soundness of his opinions. j
But, sir, we all know that a vote against a mo- j
tion to suspend the rules to bring forward a meas- |
ure, is no evidence of hostility to the measure
jtself. Were it otherwise, the order and method j
of the business of the House would be at the i
mercy of the whims and caprice of the idlest, and
most inconsiderate—would be undefended from the
designs and assaults of the intriguing and the mis*
chievous.
Nothing is more common than the attempts of
excited and embittered minorities to embarrass the
business of legislation by submitting impracticable
and untimely motions. They often bring forward
a measure known to be popular, but at stich time,
or in such particular form, as will most annoy the
majority.
Let me illustrate this: The independent treasury
and the revenue tariff act's were passed at the last
session; the first was introduced by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] the last, by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. iYIcivA y. }
Suppose the tariff bill first upon the calendat", and
entitled by the rules to be first taken up for the
action of the House. Suppose the gentlerMSn from
Virginia, impatient of delay, and burning with zeat
to carry out to a glorious consummation the oft-ex-
pressed wishes of the American democracy, should
have moved to suspend the rules of the House
to allow his independent treasury bill to be taken
up in preference to the tariff: would my vote against
suspending the rules for that purpose be evidence
(m the mind of any one) that I was hostile to the
independent treasury? Assuredly not. Neither
can a vote against a suspension of all the rules and
orders of business, to allowthe member from'Penn-
sylvania to bring forward his crude, badly-digest-
ed, and invidious proposition, relative to the pay
of the volunteers, and give it precedence over meas-
ures of the most vital importance to the whole
country—a proposition, if not designed, certainly
calculated to injure the cause it professed to pro-
mote—be construed into enmity to increasing the
pay of the volunteers.
But enough of all this. I am, suffice it to say,
for paying the volunteers liberally. I was, as you
all know, at the last session, as I am at this, in
favor of not only increasing the monthly pay, but
also in favor of granting bounty lands to all the
soldiers engaged in the war—to both volunteers
and regulars.
This, I am aware, is liberal—to some may seem
even extravagant—especially when compared with
the compensation allowed at other periods of our
history.
The pay allowed by the United States, by the
act of 5th March, 1792, was only three dollars per
month.
By act of 1794, same pay.
By act of 1796, four dollars per month.
By act of 1812, eight dollars per month.
At a subsequent date the price was fixed, as it
now exists, at seven dollars per month.
By the bill the price is proposed to be establish-
ed at nine dollars per month, and one hundred and
sixty acres of bounty land to the twelve, and
eighty to the six months' men, at the close ot the
war.
The pay in the early days of the republic, as
I have shown, was small—three dollars—and sub-
sequently four dollars per month. The country
was then new, but sparsely settled, and indiffer-
ently improved; the people and the Government
were poor, in debt, without commerce, manufac-
tures, or revenues, to any considerable extent; and,
withal, harassed with distressing Indian wars.
But now the scene is changed. The country is
well settled, well improved, and abounds with the
most desirable and easy commercial and military
avenues. Commerce and manufactures are flou-
rishing beyond all precedent. The people and the
Government are rich, comparatively free from debt,
and possess revenues totally inappreciable by other
nations. The people arc at once able and willing
to sustain any amount of taxation that may be ne-
cessary to prosecute this war with vigor until such
time as Mexico may conic to her senses and sue
for peace, be that period near at hand or remote.
To turn this ability and this willingness of the
people of the United States to a practical account
m this war, we must call upon them for men and
for money. Of the first, more are already volun-
tarily tendered than the War Department could
employ, were its views magnified tenfold, and
enough of the last can be had by simply asking,
as I verily believe.
But we are divided amongst ourselves as to
the form which our requisition upon the people
