264
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan. 27,
29th Cong 2d Sess. The Spirit Ration in the Navy—Mr. John A. Rockwell.
Ho. of Reps.
have resulted from intemperance; and nine years' expe- i
xjence in the army has convinced me, that no inconsiderable
proportion of the desertions occur in consequence ofintem-
.perate drinking, either of the deserters themselves, or others;
I say others, because bad treatment from petty officers, while
under the influence of ardent spirits, has caused many to
become disgusted with the service, and finally to desert.
" I have known cases like the following, and think them
not uncommon: a non-commissioned officer, either ine-
briated or not, oppresses a young soldier, who complains to
jiis commander; the subject is investigated by him ; and the
witnesses upon whom the complainant relied to sustain his
charge, either from fear of the displeasure of their non-
commissioned officer, or -from being bribed to hold their
peaee by whiskey, " know nothing." The petty officer pro-
duces his witnesses, bought with spirits, to exculpate him-
self. and perhaps cast blame upon the complainant. The
accused, thus cleared, is prompted by revenge to render the
situation of the soldier as irksome as possible, who, despair-
ing of redress, deserts."— {Lieut. Gallagher's statement.)
Remarks by Dr. Warren.
" The information contained in Dr. Sewall'sletterappcars
to me to be of great importance to the moials and happiness
of our country. If the heads of departments and member?
of Congress take an interest in discouraging the use of ardent
spirits, the amount of misery which will be prevented, must
be great beyond calculation. The suspension of the rations
of spirituous liquors to the army is a measure that may be
very useful. Its good effects will, I fear, be much dimin-
ished by the permission to sutlers to sell spirits to the
soldiery, under permission of an officer. The consequence
of this arrangement will be, that some officers will grant this
permission, while others will refuse it; and in this way dis-
content will arise, and the most valuable officers in the army
become unpopular and obnoxious. The way seems to be
open f(?r a total prohibition ; and certainly an order to this
effect would greatly increas-e the efficiency of the army.
The opinion of gieat bodies of physicians, given in the most
solemn manner, is unfavorable to the u^e of spirits; audi
cannot find language strong enough to repeat and impress
the fact, that the^e articles do pot give strength, but weak-
ness. A momentary flash of powei may be excited under
their first impulse; but tins is soon followed by a moial and
physical failure of strength, and a loss of thiit steady, un-
yielding courage, necessary to the support oT a tegular en-
gagement."
"The evils of drinking, great as they are, and dioadful in
civil life, are still greater m the army. Many acts which,
committed by citizens, would be trifling and venial, would,
if committed by soldiers, be of a serious nature, and be ,
vie-itud with instant and severe retribution. Otherwise dis-
cipline and subordination would cease.
" A propoition ot at leastnine-tenths of crimes committed
in the army can be safely and ceitainly traced to cxces-ivc
drinking; and there is no way, that I can see, of removing
tins evil entirely, except by legalizing temperance.
" Let Congress pass a law prohibiting, under any circum-
stances, the issue or sale to the soldier of the smallec-t quan-
tity of spirit. Such a law might, and probably would, at
fiwt, give uneasiness to some confirmed tipplers; button
H would be chcci fully acquiesced in, because the law would
make no invidious distinctions, and all would fare- alike.
Our army would Gradually, though ceitainly, b< conic tem-
perate, and its moial and religious cliaiacte'r be so far im-
proved as to be an honot, as wulJ as safeguard, to our coun-
try.'5
3. Rut, sir, we have, from the navy itself, the
highest and strongest evidence on this subjcct.
Every experiment which has been made to per-
suade the men to abandon their grog, when suc-
cessful, has been attended with the most beneficial
results.
Commodore Joseph Smith has furnished the fol-
lowing statements on this subjcct:
" Bureau or Ships and Docks,
lilV<uthivi>toii, January 28. 1846.
" Dear Sir : J have the honor to acknowledge the iceeipt
of your note of ye--teid.ty, informing me that you had intro-
duced into the ilou.se of Representatives an amendment
abolishing the spirit lation in the navy, and substituting an
allowance of six cents per day m lieu of it, and asking my
experience on this subject, especially on my last cruise; how
far spirit was abandoned by the soainen,and it? effects.
"So far as my experience goes, I have found the aban-
donment of the use of spirit by seamen to be beneficial in all
respects, lessening both crime and punishment.
" On my hist cruise, the ship in which my flag was worn,
the frigate Cumberland, with near live hundred persons on
board, sailed in November, 1643, and returned in November,
1845. The first part of the cruise, the men generally drank
their grog; by a course of reasoning and discipline, they grad-
ually (mid voluntarily of course) stopped their hquorj and
received the small pittance of two ends pei day therefor.
"At the end of the year, all but two had relinquished the
spirit part of their ration, and those two requested to be
transferred to another ship ofthe squadron. [ gratified them.
No person remaining who defied to draw his grog, it was
pumped off and landed, and the casks filled with good pure
water. To the end of the cruise no more spirits were issued.
The crew were, so far as F observed, at all times contented
and happy. I never hoaid of a complatnt that liquor was in
the slightest degree necessary to enable seamen to better
endure the haidships and privations of a sailor's life. On
the contrary, the men were satisfied they were better off, in
all respects, without it.
<% I do not entertain a doubt that the majority of seamen
in om ship-5 of war would gladly see the spirit ration abol-
ished by law, with the libeial compensation you namo, to be
paid monthly in lieu thereof. This sum would enable them
to purchase fruit, milk, and vegetables, whenever they hap-
pened to bp in port, which would prove both healthful and
grateful to them.
*< Whilst a portion of the men receive tlieir liquor, and the
grog-tub is daily paraded before their eyes, it appears.a strong
inducement to others to follow the example, who otherwise
would not think of it. ,
"Should you not succeed in abolishing the spirit ration,
the amount you propose to give in lieu of it, viz: six cents
per day, would be a strong motive to the men to stop their
grog, and I am sure would do much to diminish the evils
produced by its daily use.
"I do not assert that all who would thus voluntarily re-
linquish their spirits would not drink on shore, but I do be-
lieve the measure you propose would give general satisfac-
tion, and be productive of a great deal of good.
"I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,
' J "JOSEPH SMITH."
An officer on board of the Columbia, on this
cruise, after being some time at sea, writes:
«I sincerely hope that the rest of the vessels of our navy
will follow the noble example set them by the officeis and
crew of the Columbia; for I am now convinced that the
sailors in our navy do not require the spirit part of their
rations. Of a crew of over four hundred and fifty in the
Cumberland, the flag ship in the Mediterranean, all but two
voluntarily renounced their grog, and these were suffered to
depart. A petition was sent to Congress, signed bv the
commandcr, many of the officers, and two hundred and fifty
ofthe ship's coinpanv, praying for the abolition of the spirit
portion ofthe navy ration. <We have satisfied ourselves,'
say they, 4 from a year's experience of the temperance sys-
< tem on board this ship, that grog is not necessaiy to the
< performance of our duties. In point of health, comfort,
1 and happiness, we are infinitely better without it.' {The
< ship commanded great respect for her appearance, and the
i 'deportment of her officers and crew while in the Mediter-
l ' ranean. Of twelve hundred men who were suffered to go
{on shore, it was reported that only one man was known to
'get dinnk, and none broke his liberty.'
  In 1831, the Secretary of the Navy expressed his convic-
tion that the use which was made of ardent spnits is one of
the greatest curses, and declared his intention to recommend
a change in rcgai d to it in the navy. And a distinguished
officer gave it as his opinion, that nine-tenths of all the diffi-
culties which the officers had with the men arose flora the
u^e of ardent spmts; and expiessed his strong conviction,
from what he had witnessed on bo.nd his own ship and
others, of the piacticabihty and great utility of entire absti-
nence throughout the navy."
The evidence connected with and derived from
the Exploring Expedition is most full and satisfac-
tory. Charles Wilkes, Esq., the commander of
the expedition, says:
" In my opinion there is no need of spirit rations in the
navtf. Tim opinion is founded on my own experience while,
in command of the Exploring Expedition. The duty we
had to perform was certainly as arduous, and perhaps more
exposed, than any that ha- oceuriod in the navy ; yet most
of it was peifoimed without grog—I have now particular
reference to the boat duty, on which they were for weeks
together without it."
4. The use of spirits on shipboard is attended
with enormous loss of life and property by ship-
wreck. The number of shipwrecks of United
Slates vessels in 1842 was ^380, and G02 lives were
lost at sea. In 1844 there were shipwrecked 208
vessels, with the loss of 105 lives. These ship-
wrecks were not, I suppose, in all instances, occa-
sioned by the use of ardent spirits; nor was the
diminution in two years to be ascribed wholly to
the constant decrease of the consumption of spirits
on shipboard. No temperance and caution can
entirely ffuard against the perils of the ocean. The
winds "and the waves are in the hands of the Al-
mighty; but all agree that the use of spirits greatly
aggravates and increases this enormous evil.
A report of a select committee of the British
House of Commons affirms that the number of
ships and vessels belonging to the United King-
dom, which have been wrecked and lost during
six years, amounts to 2,905; worth, with their
cargoes, <£14,525,000, or $70,101,000. Of 130 of
these the entire crews were drowned; and, in addi-
tion to these, 3,414 lives were sacrificed.
"Among the principal causes of these losses, the com-
mittee state diunkenness and the use of spirits; these lead-
ing often to improper and even contradictory otders on the
part of officers, sleeping on the look-out or at the helm
amon  the men; occasioning ships to run foul of each other
at night; to be taken aback or overpowered by s-udden
squalls ; sinking, upsetting, or getting dismasted for want of
proper vigilance in preparing for the danger; or in steering
wrong courses, so as to run upon dangers which might other-
wise have been avoided."
The report further states:
" That the happiest effects have resulted from the experi-
ments tried in the American navy and merchant service, to
do without liquor as an aiticle of daily use, there being
moi e than one thousand sail of American vessels, traversing
all the seas of the world, in every climate, without the use
of spirits bv either officers or crews : and that the example
of British ships sailing from Liverpool on the same plan has
been productive of the greatest benefit to the shipowners,
underwriters, merchants, officers, and crews."
These statements present some idea of the enor-
mous amount of property annually lost by ship-
wreck, and the great destruction of human life in
the same manner.
The view taken on this question by underwri-
ters, practical men, as a matter of business, with-
out any reference to other than the pecuniary
bearing3 of the question, is by no means to be dis-
regarded or overlooked.
In 1834 the insurance companies of the city of
New York adopted the following resolution, and
the same course is pursued in other cities:
" At a meeting of the board of underwriters, held at the
office of the American Insurance Company, in the city of
New York, on the 2d of October, 1834, it was
«Resolved, That the different marine insurance compa-
nies, in the citv of New York, will allow adeduction of five
per cent, on the net premiums which may be taken after
this date, on all vessels, and on vessels together with the
outfits, if on whaling and on sealing voyages, terminating
without loss; provided the master and mate make affidavit,
after the termination of the rxf-k, that no ardent spirits had
been drunk on board the vessel by the officers and crew
during the voyage or term for which the vessel and outfits
were insured."
Captain Wilkes remarks:
"The destruction of public property, owing to the use of
spirits is immense 5 and, as a measure of economy as well
as safety for the lives and property, i would urge its total
exclusion."
I am sure, sir, I need not add testimony on this
subject to show that, as a mere question of money
—of pecuniary loss by shipwreck alone—the Gov-
ernment suffers annually most severe loss by the
continuance of the drinking habits on board their
armed ships. To all who are acquainted with that
subject no proof beyond their own experience and
observation is necessary.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is a more important
consideration than even this of pecuniary loss.
This constant use of intoxicating drinks leads to
! the great increase of sickness and death in our
! navy, especially in warm climates. It is every-
j where the fruitful source of disease, and nowhere
| more fatal than among sailors. They are often
! exposed to the fevers and other destructive mala-
i dies of unhealthy regions, which require the strong
i health and vigorous constitutions which only exist
in connexion with temperate habits. It is a well-
' known fact that a very large portion of those who
fill our naval hospitals are there through the im-
mediate or remote effects of ardent spirits with
broken down and ruined constitutions.
We have seen that the use of spirits causes a
i large portion of the desertions in the army, and
1 the same cause operates to a considerable, although
I not as great an extent, in the navy, occasioning
j thereby serious pecuniary loss.
i 5. There is also, sir, another most serious evil
1 attending the continuance of these rations. They
' impair the discipline and efficiency of the service,
' and lead to disobedience of orders, assaults, muti-
i nous conduct, and the various offences on ship-
; board, and frequent punishment by the brutal
! practice of whipping On this subject, I must
i, refer you at length to the remarks of Commodore
i Jones, commanding the Pacific squad/on in 1844.
j; In his address to the naval forces in the Pacific, he
j' says:
"There now stand before you sixof your comrades,about
to receive the wages of transgression. Drunkenness is the
pvcuse offered by five out of the six for the commission of
offences for which, under a vigorous enforcement of the law,
the transgressor would forfeit his life. A  in the present
eai-e, so in all others which occur in the navy, five-sixths of
the punishment inflicted can easily be tiaced to drunken-
ness.
" It has been baid that a man-of-war is a State prison. If
that be true, Rum is the jailor. Destroy that, and the shipped
man can be free as the commissioned officer. Would you de-
sire such a state of things? You have only tu will it, and it must
be fcO. Your country has at last advanced one step toward*
rescuing the sailor from perpetual degradation to which the
too free use of ardent spirits has hitherto consigned him. Con-
giess has passed alaw to legulate the navy ration, by which
whiskey is reduced one-half, and in heu thereof tea and cof-
< fee are issued. Why did not Congress abolish whiskey fiorn
| your ration altogether? Only because some loving persons
j in authority libelled your patriotism and love of country by
! saying that 'Ameiican sailors would not enter the navy with-
i out the allowance of whiskey.' Are you willing to rest un-
' der the disgrace of such a charge? I trust not; I believe
1 not. I am not. Liquor is a thief and a murderei—the
| greatest enemy mankind in general have to contend with,
though to sailors he is more unrelenting than any other class
of men. Will you not—I earnestly a k the question—lend
a hand to conquer this greatest of enemies ? There is not a
man among you that would not cheerfully follow your offi-
cers to the cannon's mouth, though its unerring aim were
directed by the stoutest hearts. Will any among you join
me in a petition to Congress to abolish whiskey from the
navy ration altogether, and not only from ration, but the
cabin, the wardroom, and every other part of the ship, save
only the medtcinc department? Is all well with you at pres-
ent? If not, strike at the root ofthe evil—remove the cause,
and the effects will cease; and as the cause of all your
