APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 23,
29th Cong 2b Sess. ,
The Mexican- War—Mr. Edwin H. Ewing.
Ho. of Reps.
particular- description of force, nor- had he heard
* such-reasons from any other quarter.
It had been said that the Mexican Congress had
required the President of that republic to swear
that he would not make peace with us whilst there
•was an enemy upon Mexican soil, or- an Ameri-
can war ship upon the Mexican coast. This be-
ing- the case, there were but two ways of ending
this war: one was-, to prosecute it until the Mexi-
can people should feel its effccts in every portion
of their territory, from the frontiers to the capital;
the other method was, to withdraw our troops, not
only to the east of the Rio Grande, but to the east
bank of the Sabine, and to withdraw our ships
from the Gulf. To this plan of ending the war he
was decidedly opposed. The plan suggested by
General Taylor xtrould not do; which was, to keep
our ships upon her coast whilst our army acted on
the defensive, holding possession of New Mexico,
California, Chihuahua, New Leon, and from the
Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific, ft seemed to him,
though he had not much skill in such matters, that
it would require as many, if not more troops, to
hold all that part of the country, than it would to
take the city of Mexico, and that under that mode
of operation the war would be interminable.
Would it not be doing violence in some measure
to the pride of our patriotic citizens who had so
promptly come forward and volunteered their ser-
vices, not for twelve months only, nor for five
years, but during the war—an indefinite period,—
would it not be casting censure upon our gallant
volunteers nmv in the service, to pass such a bill as
this? Would it not be depreciating their services?
would it not be saying to them that regular sol-
diers were deemed to be more efficient? If the tes-
timony of the President of the United States was
worth anything; if the testimony of our Secretary
of War was worth anything, to show that our vol-
unteer troops had done all that had4 been expected
of them, all that it was necessary for them to do,
they had that testimony. The President alluded
to thesubject,parenthetically,in his message. [Mr.
Atchison here quoted from the message.]
Here was the testimony which the President
bore to the discipline and good conduct of the citi-
zen soldiers in this war. What higher testimony
could they desire in favor of the efficiency of the
volunteers? Then why change the system; why
reverse the plan which they luul so far pursued?
It seemed to inm there was no good reason for do-
so.
lie bad suggested on a former occasion, in a few
remarks which he had made, and which he did not
intend to repeat, that, if they should increase the
regular army by adding ten regiments, it would be
fastened upon the country to all time. There was,
he thought, great reason to apprehend thut this
would be the case. Dut this could not be the case
in reference to the voluntet-rs. Their term of ser-
vice being expired they would be disbanded, and
would immediately return to their homes, gladly
resigning the toils of war and resuming those peace- j
ful occupations which they had abandoned at their !
country's call. It had been said by the Senator 1
fiom Texas—it had been stated in various quarters, |
and he supposed the records of the War Depart- !
ment would show—that there had been apphca- '
tions from about three hundred thousand volun-
teers for permission to enter the service, and they
knew that a great number of these were already
organized, and had, ever since the declaration of
war, been anxiously looking forward to the time
when they should be called into service. Pass this
bill, and say to them that unless they enter the reg-
uhir army their services could not be accepted, and
what would be the result ? Would they be likely
to obtain them? Decidedly not. The feeling of
pride and of emulation which had prompted these
men to come forward as volunteers would find no
encouragement in this proposal.
He was disposed to vote for any number of vol-
unteers that might be deemed necessary; and he
was willing to vote all necessary supplies of money;
\ and, if necessary, to impose taxes for the purpose
of raising that money. He had already consumed
more time than he had intended, and he should not
have said a word on the subject were it not that it
might be supposed, from the amendment he had
offered, that he was arrayed against the proposi-
tion which had been submitted by the Executive.
He deemed it necessary, therefore, to say this t
much in order to show what his views were upon
the subject, and the reasons why he had submitted
the amendment. And there was still another rea-
son, which was this: let this bill be adopted, and
the syBtem established of carrying on the war by
regular troops alone, and they would preclude the
people of Missouri from any further participation
in it; and not only the people of Missouri, but he
would venture to say of Mississippi, Indiana, and
Ohio. No one in those States would be willing to
inlist, so that it would be virtually an exclusion of
that portion of the people from any further parti-
cipation in the war.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. E. H. EWING,
of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
January 28, 1847.
The bill making appropriations for the Naval Ser-
vice being under consideration—
Mr. EWING said:
Mr. Chairman: I have risen to make a few sug-
gestions in regard to this most remarkable, I had
almost said most foolish, war in which we are en-
gaged. These suggestions I would fain make
practical, looking to the difficulties by which we
are surrounded, and attempting to devise their
proper remedies. I cannot, however, wholly
waive the inquiry into the nature and causes of the
war; its justice or injustice; whether made by the
Piesident or by Congress; whether for conquest
or for durable peace and adjustment of bound-
ary.
The terms just and unjust in the law of nations,
as practised upon and administered, were in former
days, and are now indeed, in some degree techni-
cal. The jus gentkim is not always jus equitatis;
on the contrary, the law of nations is sometimes
as lutle equitable and christian (as found in the
books) as the literal construction of the barbarous
statutes of the jus municipii. In regard to war
and belligerant rights, it is little else than the law
of the strongest—a practical commentary, from the
days when Charlemagne forcibly baptized the
Saxons, on all the unjust, oppressive, and abomi-
nable wars that have desolated Europe and Asia,
running1 through the thirty years' war in Ger-
many, and the war of the Succession, down to the
wars of Napoleon and the conquest of the Pun-
jaub. Indeed, writers upon the law of nations,
not content with this scope, sometimes resort even
to the barbarous practiccs of the Greeks and Ro-
mans, when hard pressed to sustain a favorite, or
what may be deemed a necessary position. Far
be it from me, however, to repudiate in toto the
law of nations, as it is written. Taken in its gen-
eral scope, it is at last our only general rule of ac-
tion. I would avoid, however, an abuse of its
dictates, and reject many times its extreme prece-
dents. This is demanded by the greater laws of
morals and of Christian brotherhood. Some dis-
pute has arisen on this floorin regard to the proper
books from which to draw our rules. Vattel, by i
a gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingeu- |
soll,] has been unceremoniously stripped of his 1
ermine, and, accoiding to him, Grotius is alone to
be relied on. " Who is Yattel ?" soys the gentle-
man, in his usual self-satisfied strain; "a misera-
ble Switzerland so he is disposed of. "And
who is Grotius In the same vein, I might re-
ply, " a miserable Dutchman;" and so he would
be unfrocked. Neither of these writers is, how-
ever, to be got rid of in this ex cathedra style. Of
Grotius, however, a great name, it may be re-
marked, that he was born in the year of Grace
1583, and wrote his celebrated treatise de Jure Fa-
cts# el Belli in 1645, a few years only after the
thirty years' war, in which every principle, human
and divine, had been trampled on, and when Eu-
rope was still smoking with the blood of the slain.
Vattel wrote his treatise a hundred years after-
wards, with the advantage of Grotius, and the sub-
sequent lights before him. Since these, we have
had the decisions of Mansfield, and Eldon, and
Stowell, and Marshall, and Kent, and Story; and
it is to be hoped that something has been done by
these to illumine the principles of public justice,
and that by their labors some improvements and
ameliorations have been made in the doctrines of
international law. Grotius, alone, should not
have this field, however well he may have written,
considering the comparatively dark and barbarous
times in which he lived. 4? the gentleman from
Pennsylvania did not, however, cite either book or
page from Grotius to sustain his positions in regard
to this war, I need not have made these remarks
to refute him, nor was this my purpose. I had a
more comprehensive one. It was this: I wished
to repel the idea that it was sufficient for us to find,
in some moth-eaten volume, a precedent, upon
which we might say "our war is technically
just," and thereupon proceed to conceive schemes
of magnificent national plunder, and to carry them
out by arms and wholesale murder. With me, it
would require more than the rejection of a minis-
ter; or some petty depredation by a semi-barbarous
and almost anarchical government, to justify a war
fraught with consequences so tremendous to us and
to our opponents, to our and to their posterity.
My inquiry would always be, is a war to be
avoided consistently with the honor and dignity of
our nation ? If it could be so avoided, then un-
questionably morals and Christianity, our own
interest, and that of the world, would require that
it should be done. This should be the general
rule to govern all nations, but, in regard to the
present war, we stand in a peculiar position. We
are as " a city set upon a hill;" we have held our- '
selves out to the nations of the earth as a " peculiar
people," devoid of an eager thirst for conquest, not
lusting after foreign dominion, and if propagand-
ists, only peaceful ones, of the doctrines of true
republicanism. We are looked to by others, the
people and the nations of .the earth, as a beacon
light, and as first in the lead of the great principles
of liberty and justice; especially are we so looked
to by our younger sisters of the northern and
southern portions of this continent. We are the
great exemplar. They have been content, in the
main, to follow in our wake, and pursue, at an
humble distance, our precepts and our practices.
What, then, is peculiarly demanded at our hands
against their occasional fretfulness and folly ? Not
certainly that fierce and eager spirit, ready to take
offence if offered, and ready to find it if not. On
the contrary, dignity, self-respect, charity, Christi-
anity, require the exercise of forbearance, and, if
need be, even of long suffering.
These considerations present themselves with
peculiar force, in reference to our position toward
Mexico before and at the commencement of this
war. She had recently lost what was considered
by her an integral portion of her territory. Our
people had settled in this territory; they were the
revolutionists; they had gone there with our as-
sent; even pending the war between Mexico and
Texas, we had connived at this emigration, and
Mexico (whether justly or unjustly) looked upon
us as the ultimate, if not the 'proximate, cause of
the dismemberment of her dominions. Her lead-
ing population conccived this to be a deep-laid and
deliberate scheme on our part to acquire their ter-
ritory; and when the consummation came, the an-
nexation of Texas, that which to them had been
before suspicion became now clear as " proof of
Holy Writ." The affront, too, was only doubled
by their secret conviction of their own weakness,
and the belief that it was upon this we acted.
True, smarting under these supposed wrongs, agi-
tated by internal dissensions, acting upon passion
rather than judgment, they committed upon us and
our people depredations and spoliations, sullenly
refused to rcceive our minister, and, with savage
pride, seemed resolved to despise our friendship
and defy our enmity. According to their vain-
glorious nature and barbarous ignorance, they
threw out against us boastful threats, and asserted
equality in .arms. But they had not invaded our
newly-acquired territory; they would probably
never have done so.
What should we have done ? Seized upon our
technical grounds to declare war? I say, boldly,
no ! Forbearance had not yet ceased to be a vir-
tue. Magnanimity, and Christianity, and bro-
therhood, and a sense of our own dignity, all alike
required that we should exorcisc the evil spirit of
pride, and await a clear and palpable and danger-
ous invasion of our national rights or national ter-
ritory. And what have we done? Nothing, at
first, as a nation! Nothing by the properly con-
