270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 28,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War-
-Mr. Edwin H. Ewing.
Ho. of Reps.
and expedition of our movements; it may tend to
communicate our plans sometimes to an enemy; it
may give him even a deceitful encouragement from
our apparent dissensions. Yet this is the price
we pay for liberty; this is the mighty check upon
domestic tyranny. And this should teach us that
■we were not made for distant wars of aggression
and conquest. How has this been in other days
and other countries ? True, any one may trample
with safety upon those who opposed our British
war of 1812. But look at the history of England,
in the days of the great rebellion, when Charles I.
attempted his levy of ship money. Are not the
names of those who opposed it held in honor as
patriots, not only by the British nation, but by the
lovers of freedom throughout the world? Were
those men traitors when they told the Stuart, if he
persisted, it should cost him his throne? Were
Fox and Sheridan traitois who opposed the ad-
ministration of Pitt, when Napoleon was striding
toward universal dominion? Are Chatham and
Barre, whose stern denunciations and burning elo-
quence did more than many a stricken battle to
shake the power of North in his war upon the
American colonies, to have the brand of treason
stamped upon their brows? Or are these and all
of these to be ever held in honor, as the intelligent
defenders and bold asserters of the true principles
of the English Constitution? If charges like this
are to be brought forward and sustained, what
proposition, however monstrous and revolting,
may not be brought into this House, and passed
without remonstrance or opposition ? . Away with
such doctrine and such teacher!
But I proceed, Mr. Chairman, to examine the
question, at last the most important and the most
practical. We are in this war, and how are we
to get out of it without detriment to the republic >
Two courses suggest themselves—one to withdraw
our armies, abandon our incipient conquests, and
ask to live at peace with our neighbor; the other
to prosecute the war vigorously to some successful
issue. The first of these propositions, which has
indeed but few advocates, I deem totally inadmis-
sible. This war lias now become the war of the
nation, and its result should be a final adjustment
of all matters in dispute between us and Mexico.
Should we withdraw our armies, would ourmotives
be properly appreciated by the vain-glorious, con-
ceited, and ignorant people, with whom we are in
conflict3 Would our conduct be attributed by
them to magnanimity or to cowardice, or to our
domestic dissensions? Would they not probably
again sullenly refuse negotiation and settlement,
fortified in their resentment by recent suffering and
released from fear of future invasion ? How would
our dignity, too, be compromised in the eyes of
other nations? That dignity which is the best
preservative against outward nssault and internal
commotion. They might well say that we had
rushed imprudently into the war, and skulked
weakly and meanly out of it.
1 am, then, for prosecuting the war, earnestly,
manfully, and vigorously. I do not wish merely
to talk of this as is done by the President, but to
act it out. J hold myself ready to vote men and
money, and munitions of war. I am ready, too,
to sustain these grants by all necessaryand proper
taxes. More ready, perhaps, than some of those
who call themselves the peculiar friends of the
Administration. I may go so far even as to put a
. war tax upon tea and coffee, if other sources of
revenue are recommended and adopted, to shield
this from seeming a mere act of wanton oppres-
sion. Doubtless it is an act of supreme effrontery
on the part of the Administration to expect from
Whigs assistance in laying taxes, after the pas-
sage of the tariff law of 1846, and the absurd persist-
ence in the enforcement of the sub-treasury law of
the same year. I am willing, however, to waive
this inconsistency, and to meet our opponents
nearly upon their own grounds, for the accom-
plishment of the great purpose of effecting peace.
I apprehend, however, that my assistance will
hatdly be needed. I know that a large vote, in-
cluding Democrats as well as Whigs, was given
some days since in this House, declaring it inex-
pedient to tax tea and coffee at the present junc-
ture. This, in my estimation^ amounted, how-
ever, to very little. I have hear$ this thundering
m the index before, but have rarely seen it sus-
tained. The Executive application lias cot yet
been strong enough; the screw has not yet been
sufficiently turned to make the blood start. The
lash of scorpions is however prepared, and the
minions of power will yet flee away from t( the
face of hiswrath."
In saying, however, Mr. Chairman, that I will
vote, liberally, supplies and means of prosecuting
the war, I will not have it understood that I will
support everything that may be demanded by the
President under this pretence, however monstrous
or absurd. I have refused to vote the creation of
a lieutenant general of our armies, and in this I
shall persist. But in other matters, besides my
desire to have a speedy close of the war, I am dis-
posed to take from the President all excuse for its
dilatory prosecution. In my poor judgment, as
yet there has been more of bluster than of real
activity and energy in the management of this war
by the Piesident. I am no military man, and
make no pretensions to military skill or knowledge;
there are some things, however, that every one
must have learned who has read anything of the
history of the human race. It is well, in war as
well as in peace, to have some eye to precedents.
In all wars, whether of defence or invasion, of
which 1 have read, it has been the practice of the
Government to keep the commanding general sup-
plied with men by a constant stream of reinforce-
ments. Desertion, the sword, sickness, pestilence,
garrison!?, discharges, make gaps in the original
levy, for which the leader of the armies must look
to the head of Government for a lemedy. "Who
ever heard before of a war in which an army of
twenty or thirty thousand men was sent into a
foreign land, and there abandoned to its own re-
sources? Even in the English war with China,
remote as the two countries were from each other,
reinforcements were not wanting to the invaders.
But how has our Government treated General
Taylor? Since the first call for volunteers, he has
scarcely j^ceived a soldier. Means ad libitum were
placed by Congress at the discretion of Die Presi-
dent—the army and the navy, fifty thousand vol-
unteers, and the whole militia of the United States.
Of these volunteers, seventeen thousand still remain
uncalled for, and, if General Taylor is to be be-
lieved, other supplies were equally defective. Yet
Taylor is charged with these delays; he is arraign-
ed and censured for the capitulation and armistice
of Monterey. An issue is sought to be made be-
i tween the President and the general in command.
! Be it so. I have no defence to make for the gal-
! hmtgeneral. I am willingthat he and thePresident
! should stand before the country side by side. I
would say to the American people, " look on this
picture, then on that." Would they not reply,
" Hyperion to a Satyr? The President has been
playing, in this war, the old suspicious game of
Austria with her generals, by whom the Aulic
Council in their rear was always held in greater
dread than hostile squadrons in the field.
I will not venture to criticise the campaign; my
ignorance of warlike movements precludes it. But
still I think I may ask, Why is it that we have
been hanging upon the frontiers of our enemy?
Why have wc been lapping off her extremities?
Why have we not been thrusting at her heart}
grappling in her vitals, thundering at her capital?
Was it the fell purpose of conquest and robbery,
that has thus delayed us 2 Were we conquering
territory, rather than a peace? 1 am for il con-
quering a peace." I feel sure that the means to
do this have not been yet employed, and that the
causes of delay lie at the door of the Administra-
tion. We have dallied along to gather up the
spoils of battle. We have been fighting and fur-
nishing supplies with reference to the money in
the treasury. Mr. Polk and Mr. Walker did not
forget the scoffs and the taunts of those who, at
the last session, prophesied an exhausted exche-
quer and a bankrupt Government as the result of
their financial experiments. These jeers rankled
in their little minds, and they resolved that the
prophesies should not be verified. They deter-
mined to meet the Congress with a surplus in their
vaults, conte qui coute. And truly they seem to
have brought about this result, though, if their
outstanding debts were paid, how it might be, may
be quite another affair. They called for no addi-
tional soldiers till they had made their loan, and
these were called for but a few days before the
commencement of this session. They come in
now, and demand a l©an; they now ask for addi-
tional arms and armies. But do they still ask for
enough ? I do not believe they do. I do not think
we shall see the palaces of Mexico with less than
fifty thousand men in the field. Of the force de-
manded, not one, perhaps, can be made efficient
during the proper season of the campaign. April
will bring with it the gloomy vomito; our northern
soldiery will melt away under the fierce ardors of
a tropical sun; pestilence and desertion will do the
woi*k of the sword in summer quarters, and we
shall again be left, in the autumn, with the skele-
ton of an army. Another call for men and money
will have to be made upon Congress; another re-
sponse will be given to the call; and, probably,
the same"* ignorance and fatuity in another year
may bring us to a similar result.
And what is to be the end of all this? It be-
hooves us to see what shall be its end. We are
asked for supplies—we grant them. The war will
sometime be brought to a close: and what then?
Are we, in addition to all these foreign evils, and
their ordinary results—a bankrupt treasury, cor-
rupted morals, a deranged currency, inflated prices
—to be visited with another, a greater, and a more
enduring one? Are we, for the first time, by the
swordy to acquire foreign territory? Everthing
threatens this; the President 3eems fatally bent on
it; there appears to be no adequate check upon his
designs.
For one, I have discharged my duty, and shall
continue to discharge it, by offering to these bills
for supplies a proviso against the acquisition of
territory from Mexico beyond the Rio Grande.
This proviso has been ruled to be out of order.
And why out of order, Mr. Chairman ? Is it not
competent for the Legislature to refuse supplies
altogether to the Executive, when they suppose it
to be for carrying on a war, the results of which
may be eminently disastrous ? Has the Congress
less power than the British Parliament m this be-
half? Or has the President more power than the
British King? If supplies maybe refused alto-
gether, they may be granted on terms, and on
terms which, whether of legal force or not, would
have a moral force that the President dare not dis-
regard. It is, indeed, a strange defect in our Gov-
ernment, if there be no mezzo termlno between?a
total refusal of supplies and their unlimited grant.
I believe that Congress has the right to place upon
its grant conditions which, if violated by the Presi-
dent, would involve him in a charge of having
committed a " high crime and misdemeanor" un-
der the Constitution. It is lamentable, indeed, if
there be no such restraint! But if there be none
such, and I belonged to the dominant party, I
would not grant a soldier, or a dollar, without a
pledge that they were not to be abused for pur-
t poses of foreign conquest. As it is, I must do the
j best I may. IP, with a fatal disregard of conse-
| quences, those in power choose to disregard this
[ proviso—choose to trust the President in spite of
! all the demonstrations he has made—I will go with
; them to grant supplies to end the war, and then to
j meet the difficulty as best it may be met.
; But wh y this fierce resistance on my part against
I the acquisition of territory ? The time has been
| when I should have heard with pleasure a propo-
1 sition to buy New Mexico and the Cahfornias; I
1 desired to roundoff our dominions to obtain a port
for the rich East upon the Pacific, and fair lands
] for the mighty press of our vagrant population.
. But, with me, this is all now changed. These
j smiling prospects are now all darkened and over-
I shadowed; the horizon, kite so bright, is black
; with many a storm; the fruit, so pleasant to the
, eye, like the apples on the shore of the Dead
' Sea, shows within but rottenness and ashes. The
! foreign battle for its acquisition will hardly be over
before a domestic battle, for its appropriation, must
commence. The plagues of Pandora's box were
not more fatal, the apple of discord was not more
! productive of commotion, than would be to us this
fell present of the battle-field and the sword. Like
a petard, it would be scarcely screwed on to the
I Union, before, with loud explosion and disastrous
recoil, it would blow off the southern portion of
i1 the Confederacy.
!| It will be seen, Mr. Chairman, that, in the ac-
■ guisition of territory, I make a distinction between
|! that east and that west of the Rio Grande. To
;i take the one might be a sin, but to take the other
