1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Edwin H. Ewinsr.
O
Ho. of Reps.
would be a miserable blunder. The territory with-
in the Rio Grande, if acquired, would, as between
the United States and Texas, belong to the latter,
and so all questions of domestic difficulty would
be avoided. The territory beyond the Rio Grande,
if admitted, would immediately array the pro-sla-
very and the anti-slavery portions of the Union
against each other. It is this great question, this
great difficulty, that I would avoid. We have al-
ready heard the tocsin sounded, to rally the north-
ern hive, upon this exciting topic. The Wilmot
proviso has been attached to a grant proposed to
be made to the President. And I rejoice to see
the question so early made. We cannot now be
taken by surprise. I fear me, however, much,
that the northern Democrats (who have made this
move) do not intend now to brine it to any practi-
cal result. Instead of offering this proviso, which
stipulates, that in no territory to be acquired in the
present war shall slavery, or involuntary servitude,
#be permitted to exist, to one of the important sup-
ply bills, it is merely made an appendage to a bill
granting to the Piesident three millions of money
to aid him in making peace. This last bill may
never be called up for action, or if it be, and ever
becomes a law, the President may think proper not
to employ a fund clogged with such a proviso, and
thus attempt to get rid of the obligation. The pro-
viso, to be effective, should be upon those bills
which must pass, and the grants in which must be
used by the President in the further prosecution of
the war.
The South must then look to itself. It must see
that the territory is not acquired, or if acquired,
that it be upon an equitable understanding as to its
dispostion. It is safe that it shall not be acquired
at all. Resolutions adopted now for the disposition
of territory to be hereafter acquired, would cer-
tainly have no obligatory force upon future legis-
latures, and their moral bearing might be totally
disregarded. The Missouri compromise, I admit,
has been carried out both in its letter and its spirit,
and for so much I give the North all due credit; sed
temporamutanturetnosmutamuriniUis. The feelings
of the North are not now what they have been.
But the President, through his organ, beseeches
that this exciting question may not now be pressed;
that the supplies may be granted and the war
bravely prosecuted, and suggests that this ques-
tion, should it ever arise, may be settled hereafter.
To these prayers I should incline a willing ear, if
he would disavow any intention of acquiring ter-
ritory. He has told us that this is not a war of
conquest. I suppose it is only a war of which
conquest is to be the inevitable consequence.
Everything tends to show that, if things are left as
they are, territory will be acquired. And this being
done, the President can retire, with the glory of a
conqueror, and leave the people hereafter to settle
the disposition of this "heritage of wo," as best
they may.
With my concurrence, there shall be no post-
ponement of this question. Who wishes to post-
pone it? No one but the President. Northern
members do not wish the territory; southern mem-
bers fear the consequences of its reception. And
shall the Piesident, by a base subserviency, thus .
be permitted to over ride and trample under foot j
the real wishes and desires of us all? |
We of the South, at all events, do not desire j
postponement. We know that the North is strong j
enough to control the destiny of the territory, when |
admitted; we feel that her dispositions are not such 1
as when the compromise of the Constitution was J
made. The anti-slavery feeling, (for I will call it |
by no more odious name,) has extended greatly be- \
yond the few fanatics and hypocrites, who disturb j
the Union with their howling about this " south- !
em institution." Grave and. serious men of the
North begin to regard the acquisition of territory
and its mode of settlement as a question of politi-
cal power, "between our northern and southern divi-
sions, no longer to be overlooked and disregarded.
They look upon the acquisition of Texas as in
some degree a fraud upon northern rights, and they
will be sure to avail themselves of the first oppor-
tunity for indemnity. They insist that the Mis-
souri compromise has expended its force, and there
are not now live on this floor from all the North,
(Whig or Democrat,) who do not protest agains^
ever being bound by it, or its like again.
What, then, will be the consequence of a refusal
to act now upon this question? The conquest will
be made, the territory will be settled, States will
apply to be admitted; into the Union, and then at
last must come a struggle; I hopp that it may not
be the death-struggle of the republic, or if it be, that
I may not live to see it. I am no alarmist; I make
no empty threats of dissolving the Union; I regard
this as among the last, if not the very last of evils.
As a deliberate purpose, I cannot for a moment
entertain it. But if the dissolution come at all, it
will not come as a deliberate act; this republic will
never commit premeditated suicide. It may how-
ever, come, amid the clang of arms and the fury of
civil conflict. Surrounded as we will be on all
sides by a cordon of free territory, " offences must
come,"suspicions, collisions, armed interventions.
And for what is all this to be? That the President
and the nation may have the miserable satisfaction
of having wrenched from a weak and despised
neighbor some of her fairest provinces.
I shall pursue this slavery question no farther at
present; I have much to say, however, in regard
to the principle of the Missouii compromise, and
in regard to the power of this Government to pass
regulations and laws for the government of her ter-
ritories; but I must waive these topics for the pres-
ent, and proceed to give some additional reasons
against acquiring territory from our present ene-
my, On all hands it is agreed, that if any acqui-
sition be made, it must be as indemnity for our
claims, and tor the expenses of the war. wSome
have suggested that the territory may be taken and
held merely as a pledge, to be redeemed by Mexico
at some future day, and that we may thus avoid
the question of slavery and anti-slavery. Now, to
this £ answer, first, that it would be mere mockery
and pretence, and would, in effect, amount to an
absolute surrender of right by Mexico. But if this
were not so, what would be done with territory
held as indemnity, for an indefinite period, peopled
as this now is? First, it would be a burden and
expense, and thus only increaseour demand against
Mexico. It would require government; its people
must not be neglected; education and internal im-
provements must take place; and, finally, the whole,
after ages of delay, be delivered up to our debtor,
if she should, perchance, find the means to pay us.
A hint is sufficient to show the absurdity of this
plan. What we take, we must take absolutely.
Then what would be the difficulties ? We have as
yet conquered no territory; we have, indeed, pur-
chased none", upon which existed organized gov-
ernments and integral States. We acquired Texas
with the consent of its inhabitants; we purchased
Louisiana, with few and scattered settlers, and
without objection, at least of any note, from them.
But now we are about, by arms, to compel from
Mexico a cession of her rights over several of her
provinces, having all the forms of States, and but
loosely dependent on the federal head. What will
we acquire by such a cession? Nothing but the
rights of Mcxico; upon her alone we have made
war, and not upon California or New Mexico.
Their inhabitants may say to us, when the war
shall be ended and the treaty made, " we would be
free; we desire none of your government; wc seek
not your parental care; our allegiance cannot be
transferred, like that of Russian serfs or German
boors. Look to your own Constitution and laws,
and see what authority you have there for assert-
ing dominion over us." What answer could Ameri-
can republicans make to this appeal? The right of
Mexico over these States was just such and no more
than that of our Federal Government over our States.
The result of the war at last, then, would only give
these States a right, with our assent, to be incorpora-
ted into the Union. But m the interval, and before
they were ready to become States of this Union, how
would wc dispose of them ? These are grave diffi- i;
culties, but they would be met, perhaps, as others ji
have been. We should cut theGordion knot. And n
yet the man who would overleap these constitu- |j
tional obstacles—who would add princedoms and ij
dukedoms to our already extended empire—is the \
same man whose conscience was too narrow to ad- :
mit the passage of a bill to improve our rivers and j
our harbors! whose scruples were too nice to sane- ■
tion the payment of an honest debt to the misera- !
ble survivors of those who, half a century ago, '
were despoiled by the ruthless Frenchman ! "Oh,
for a forty-parson power, to sing thy praise, j
hypocrisy!"
I might proceed, Mr. Chairman, to show, as I
could easily do, that we have no right to receive
this territory, or to make laws for its government.
That such a thing as the acquisition of territory is
not hinted at in the Constitution, and was never
dreamed of by its framers. That we have no right
to plant colonies, to make laws for their govern-
ment, or to exercise jurisdiction over them. At
theadoption of the Constitution, we possessed only
such territory as had been ceded to us by the States,
and for these the law had been already made by
the terms of cession and ordinances of the old Con-
gress pursuant thereto. By the first article and
eighth section of the Constitution, we possess ex-
clusive jurisdiction and legislative power over the
District of Columbia, the sites of forts, arsenals,
&c.; and by the third section of the fourth article,
we have communicated to us power " to dispose
of and make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting the territory, or other property, belonging
to the United States." In neither of these is power
given to make fundamental laws, or to assume
jurisdiction in the territories, except according to
the terms of their respective ordinances and ces-
sions; the last of these provisions looks merely to
the disposition of the soil as property.
But it is time wasted to prove these things;
communis error facit jus, wo, have bought and legis-
lated for Florida, and Louisiana, and Oregon, aftd
now we will have-no scruples to carry this course
of proceeding a step further. We will rob Mexico
of California, and force our legislation upon her.
And yet we will stickle upon the ninth part of a
hair, wheu it comes to make a gift ^o the heirs of
RobertFulton, or a purchase from the aged widow
of Alexander Hamilton; and we will shed our
crocodile tears over the fate of unhappy Poland.
Again, Mr. Chairman, this is to*be our first step
in conquest. We have heard much about its being
against the genius of republics to maintain stand-
ing armies: we have heard much of their lack of
ambition, and favorable comparisons of them, in
these respects, with kings and emperors. Are we
about again to falsify these grounds for self-gratu-
lation ? Are we destined to follow m the footsteps
of the Greeks and Romans, and of republican
France? Are we at last to convince the world that
democratic ambition is like all other ambition, only
perhaps more unscrupulous, because the responsi-
bility is more divided? Shall we not pause" upon
the threshold ? Shall we not reflect that we are
encouragingan appetite which can never be gorged?
Shall we not fear, that if we " sow the wind, we
shall reap the whirlwind?" But, sir, were I to
pause to tell of all the evils of conquest, as well to
the conqueror as to the conquered. Lshould never
have done. V<z Victls! Vce victoribns!
I turn to another topic. It has been urged that
the disavowal of an intention to acquire territory
on our part would operate injuriously upon our in-
terests in the pending war; that it would tend to
make it interminable; that Mexico, divested of the
fear of dismemberment, would fight without fear,
and without the sense of responsibility. It is cer-
tainly tiuc, if this disavowal be made on our part
here, she would know it. I would have her to
know it. As she will not receive a minister, I
would publish a manifesto to her and to the world,
declaring the just ohjects of the war, and repelling
the idea of dismembeiment and conquest. And
having thus cleared ray skirts of the charge of ava-
rice and rapacity; having thus placed myself on
high ground in the eyes of all nations; having thus
escaped the danger of domestic difficulty, 1 should
proceed with activity and energy to bring our op-
ponents to a speedy and just settlement of all the
questions really at issue between us—of debt, of
depredations, and of boundary.
Gentlemen are strangely mistaken, in my opin-
ion, when they suppose that this would encourage
and inspirit our enemy, and that she would then
continue the fight, till compelled to cease it from
mere exhaustion. They do not appreciate the true
grounds of the imbittered opposition pervading ail
classes, from the President to the lowest peasant,
with which this conflict is carried on against us.
It is not the fear on the part of Mcxico that she
may lose a portion of her domain, that produces
her.desperate and rancorous resistance. It is not
with her a question of property, of territory, more
or less. It is one of pride, of insulted national feel-
ing. It is the insolent attempt, (as she deems it9)
