272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 29,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Appropriations for the Navy—Mr. Seaman.
Ho. of Reps.
on our part, to seize at will upon her dominions,
and dispose of her provinces at pleasure, that has
roused and set on fire the old Castilian blood. It
is the arrogant assertion of superiority, and the
real or affected contempt with which we have treat-
ed their race, that now nerves their arms and swells
their veins. Despised, outraged, trampled upon,
(as they conceive,) despair gives them courage, and
fury will supply them with arms. Neither the
character, nor the history of the people to whom
we are opposed, has been studied by those who ex-
pected them speedily to yield under threats of dis-
memberment or fear of conquest. Who are they,
then ? They are not merely the poor, feeble, down-
trodden Indians who fled before Cortez at the first
blast of his trumpet. The best blood of the hi-
dalgos of Spain flows in many of their veins; they
have cherished recollections of their ancient re-
nown. These are the same people who for seventy
years kepf up war upon Holland—a war redound-
ing neither to the honor nor to the profit of the
Spanish monarchy, but one evincing the indomita-
ble spirit artd haughty obstinacy of the nation by
which it was waged. These are the brethren of
that people, who, with extatic fury and persevering
resolution, resisted and finally expelled from their
soil that mighty conqueror, whose power over-
shadowed the earth, and whose name was synony-
mous with victory. He seized upon Madrid (as we
may seize upon Mexico,) but Spain was not con-
quered. His brother sat upon the Spanish throne,
and this was but the beginning of the war. These,
too, are the people who so late defied the Spanish
monarchy in arms; vanquished in every field, they
rose with vindictive fury to renew the contest.
Destitute of treasure, of organization, their fields
ravaged, their cities plundered and burnt, their ar-
mies overthrown, with fell determination and des-
perate resolve, with single arms, and scattered
bands, they kept alive the lingering conflict.
It is with these people, insulted and outraged as
they deem themselves, that we are yet to obtain a
peace—a peace, firm and durable. And we are
told, that to disavow the intent of conquest is the
readiest mode to encourage opposition. Is this
wilful blindness, or is it disingenuous pretence?
What can there ho more offensive to a proud na-
tion, what, more galling and insulting, than a threat
to divide and parcel out her provinces. Have Gen-
tlemen forgotten the manifesto of the Duke of
Brunswick? Have they forgotten the mad fury
with which Fiance, torn and divided as she was
by internal dissensions, almost without a Govern-
ment and witliout a soldiery, rose up as one man
to hurl from her territory an invader who dared to
threaten disturbance to her ancient boundaries-
boundaries fixed by nature, by blood, and by time?
But our manifesto would be a message of peace.
We would say to our enemy, " why shall you
longer maintain this struggle, in the mere spirit of
chivalry and defiance? We want nothing of you
but what wo have uniformly claimed as our bound-
ary. Hie injuries done to our commerce and our
people must be repaired; the debt acknowledged
by your treaties must be paid; for these causes the
war is now prosecuted, and upon the adjustment
of these difficulties you shall have peace.'' This
would, in my view, be indeed a magnanimous
course; it would reach the intellect amfthe heart
and quiet the passions of our opponents. Suppose'
m her vain-glorious spirit, that Mexico should sup-
pose she had driven us from a point; so much the
better for us and for them, and for the world
Woulu our dignity suffer abatement ? Would the
world suppose that fear had quelled our proud
spirit; With arms in our hands, with our navy
hovering on her coasts, with our armies swarrmn?
under her walls, with our flag flouting her skies,
she would still see enough to know the hopeless-
ness of the contest, when all adequate motive for
its continuance was taken away.
In any event we should have done right, we
should have done that which our own necessities
demand. We should present to the world the <rlo
nous spectacle of a great, powerful, and free natfon
ready but not willing to perpetrate one of those im'
penal acts of plunder for which conquerors have
been always forgiven. The noble, the god-like
virtue of forbearance would for once be exercised
upon a great theatre.
Some, however think, Mr. Chairman, that this
would be but a lame and impotent conclusion.
What should we get by the war? we are asked.
I ask, what did we expect? The President has
denied that the war is waged for conquest. He
has said k has been thrust upon us. If the war
shall be successful, and if it has been righteously
commenced and prosecuted, we shall have gained
much. We shall have taught our enemy our over-
whelming superiority. We shall have secured
with her permanent peace. Hereyesand herears
will hereafter be opened to our just demands. If
she deserved punishment, we shall have inflicted
upon her the utmost evils of a desolating war;
broken her strength, diminished her wealth, de-
populated her territory, disorganized her govern-
ment, and thus given her a solemn warning against
the indulgence of that petulant spirit of which she
has continually exhibited the most revolting speci-
mens. The acquisition of territory is not the ne-
cessary result of successful war, even where terri-
tory is desirable. What did Russia gain by the
twenty years' war with Napoleon, carried on at
an expense of the lives of millions of men and of
billions of money ? Nothing but the assertion of
the independence of nations, and the security of
permanent peace.
What did we gain by our last war with Great
Britain, glorious as it was, and successful as it has
been deemed ? Nothing but the maintenance of our
dignity and the respect of the nations of the earth.
And with such results we must be content. Ours
is not.a nation made for conquest; peace should
ever be our study, and war should be regarded as
the last of evils, except dishonor.
I have thus finished, Mr. Chairman, what I had
to say in regard to this Mexican war. But I can-
not sit down without, for a moment, turning my
eyes back upon the past two years. On the 4th
of March, 1845, the present President came into
power; he found this great people really prosper-
ous and happy—at peace with ail nations, and with
no question pending with any which might not
have been settled with ease by calm and dignified
negotiation. The land flourished and blossomed
as the rose; no man complained of oppression; the
national debt was a bagatelle; the people and their
various modes of industry had become fashioned
to the existing laws; the banks were sound, and
the currency corresponded to the demands of com-
merce; we were, indeed, a happy as well as a great
I and respected people!
Two years are not yet gone, and how has the
scene been changed! I mean to draw no exagger-
ated picture, nor in the least to resort to fancy.
With a prurient ambition, utterly beyond his
abilities, (and as if he were not already sufficiently
misplaced,) the President sets out by new courses
of policy, and new schemes of finance, and new
modes of diplomacy, to illustrate his name and his
reign. With a schoolboy's fondness for abstract
and exploded theories, and a profound ignorance
of the experimental philosophy of government, he
proposes at once, and with a confidence corre-
spondent to that ignorance, a complete change in
our whole system of finance,.currency, and rev-
enue, affecting, in its results, every interest of the
whole people. With a presumption only equalled !
by his want of moral resolution, he challenges the I
tille of one territory, and moves m arms to take j
possession of another. By the patronage of the i
-Government, and the cohesive bonds of party, he
is sustained in all his moves, and the nation is
made to feel the results of his policy. With Eng-
land he attempts to play the bully, but is at last
compelled to confess himself a craven. Europe
looks upon his ignominy, and America hides her
diminished head. He turns upon Mexico to wreak
his baffled spite, and attempts to wrench from her
her fairest provinces to avenge his loss of the bar-
ren wastes of Oiegon. In the eagerness of his
vanity, he tramples upon the Constitution,and puts
in jeopardy the lives, and the treasure, and the
character of the nation. Busy, mischievous, and
filled with self-conceit, there is no rest to the ac-
tivity with which he pursues his vagaries, and no
pause from an apprehension that he "may possibly
be wrong. Aspiring to the title of a conqueror, no
consideration of domestic difficulties can restrain
his onward march; carrying oil a war, with one
hand he demands a loan, while with the other he
cuts off the sources of revenue; he builds deep the
vaults of a specie treasury, and fills them with the
filthy rags of Government credit; with the same
hand, and perhaps with the same faith, he signs a
bill annexing Texas, and rejects one for internal
improvement. These things have been done in
this short period by him who has been, by the peo-
ple's will, made our President. We begin already
to feel their results, though the " end is not yet."
Our national character has suffered at home and
abroad; we are charged at once with rapacity and
cowardice; our domestic industry is shackled, and
ready to be broken up; our Treasury is exhausted;
our revenues are crippled; our citizens have been
slain; a public debt has been begun; the piers of
our harbors are falling to ruin for want of repairs;
our rivers are the graves of our vessels, for the
want of laborers; the Union is threatened, through
the fell spirit of conquest; ^nd confidence is lost in
the stability of our institutions.
Mr. Chairman, we have " fallen upon evil days;"
" the times are sadly out of joint;" the vessel
is among the breakers; the helmsman must be
changed, or shipwreck is inevitable.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE NAVY.
SPEECH OF MR. H: I. SEAMAN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
January 29, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the Navy Appropria-
tion Bill—
Mr. SEAMAN next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman, I must claim the usual courtesy
which is claimed by members of this House when
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to give my views upon subjects of a public
nature, but which are not strictly germane to the
subjcct under consideration by the committee. It
will be remembered, sir, that when the bill " nfa-
t king appropriations for the naval service for the
, next fiscal year" was under discussion in commit-
! tee, the debate was restricted, by the " usual res-
' olution," to terminate debate upon it in two hours
after the House went into committee. It will also
be remembered, sir, that nearly the whole of this
very brief period, allowed to the discussion of this
very important bill, appropriating nearly five mil-
I lions of dollars, was occupied by the honorable
member from South Carolina [Mr. Sims! in de-
j fence of the measures of the Administration, and
| an effort to prove that slavery was " God's own
! institution;" and by the honorable member from
i Alabama, [Mr. Payne,] in defence of the Mexican
j war, and an attack upon General Taylor. The
i defence of slavery, of the Administration, and of
ihis unnecessary, unjust, and obnoxious war, and
a violent attack upon the gallant general, were con-
sidered by these gentlemen of paramount import-
ance to anything connected with the navy, or five
millions of dollars of the people's money. As I
was not allowed then to get the floor, to give my
views upon one item of the bill, in which my con-
stituents have a deep interest, I must now claim the
indulgence of the committee for a short time, to
enable me to say what I then intended. The item
to which I refer, is the appropriation of two hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars for the dry-
dock at the navy yard at Brooklyn. I am the more
desirous of doing this now, sir, as I have been,
within a few days, charged, in certain quarters in
the district which I have the honor to represent,
with neglecting the interest of my constituents in
I relation to^ this appropriation. I make these re-
marks in vindication of my course in relation to the
j dock, and to "put myself right" (as we say) be-
j fore those who sent me here.- It is due to them as
i w®" as to myself. I have been charged, sir, with
j cooperating with the honorable chairman of the
| Committee of Ways and Means to defeat this ap-
: propriation. If the honorable gentleman was m
j his seat, he would give an unqualified contradiction
] to the charge. It is true the honorable chairman
| was opposed to the appropriation, and a majority
j of the committee, with which he acted, were in
j favor of keeping it out of the bill; but these <*entle-
| yien know, and my colleagues [Messrs. Maclay
; and White] know, that from the commencement
1 of the session I have resisted it. 1 can also appeal
