274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
the pit is entirely fresh, and easily kept out from the depth
of some thirty-five feet by one set of pumps, though four sets
are on hand ready for use in any contingency which, might
• require them.
" a rumor that another breach had taken place thei e yes-
terday has no foundation in fact. Nothing has occurred
which Interrupts the operations of the woikmen, or in the
lea&t endangers the stability of the coffer dam. a slight
pressing over of the tops of the sheet piling, at a point sev-
eral hundred feet from the water, which is a matter of little
moment and easily corrected, has probably given rise to this
story, though we believe it has not as yet found its way
into the public prints."—(.Mew York Evening Post.)
-Now, I do not pretend to be wise above what is
written; but, with these surveys and reports before
me, made by officers of great experience, practical
men, who know better than I do, or any member
of thi^ House can know, what the wants of the
navy are; with the action of the Government for
the last five years, the present advanced state of
the work, the assurances of those in charge of it
of the practibability of finishing it—with all this
before me, I will not place myself in the equivocal
position before my constituents and the.country,
and by my vote say, that this important work
ought to be suspended. No, sir; I will not sub-
ject myself to the charge of arrogance by refusing
to vote the necessary money to complete a work
which ought to be finished without unnecessary
delay, and which every officer of the navy, with
whom I have conversed, says, is of great impor-
tance to the service.
Mr. Chairman, it is not my intention to say
anything in disparagement of the floating docks.
I think well of them. They, no doubt, are a very
good thing for the merchant service, or for the
navy, at certain points. I am not disposed to
throw any Obstacles in the way of testing them,
whenever the Government may think proper to do
so, and I have ori all occasions, when the question
has been before us, voted appropriations for that
purpose for Philadelphia and Pensacola. But it is
enough for me to know that the Government, after
the most careful examination, made by the best
engineers in the country, who understand this
subject, have recommended the stone dock for
New York, and m this recommendation are sus-
tained by the most experienced officers of the
navy.
Gentlemen may differ with me in opinion, but I
hope they will have some regard to the opinions
of those I have referred to, and also to tlie policy
of England and France in relation to their docks.
Why, sir, it is a fact, that England has hut lately
constructed one of the most costly stone docks
she has in her service, I think at Weymouth; and
one of the largest stone docks in the world is now
in progress of construction by France, at Tou-
lon.
I would ask the honorable members represent-
ing the districts in which are the Norfolk and
Charlestown yards, whether they would be willing
to exchange the fine stone docks in those yards for
one of the floating docks ?
I think, Mr. Chairman, it will be admitted by
every one, that the port of New York is the most
important point on the whole coast for a national
work of this kind. In the event of a war with
any of the great maritime powers of Europe, there
must be our great naval depot, and hence, there
all public works connected with the naval service,
should be of a permanent character. It is acces-
sible at all seasons of the year for vessels of the
largest class, either by Sandy Hook or Long Isl-
and Sound, when other ports north of the Chesa-
peake are closed with ice. A successful defence
of the coast may depend upon the facilities afford-
ed at the navy yard at New York to repair our
ships when injured in battle, or by stress of
weather. The supplies for the navy are concen-
trated at that point, and more than one-half of the
seamen for the naval service are shipped there.
I might go on and give other reasons than those
which I have already mentioned, but they will no
doubt suggest themselves to the minds of mem-
bers. When the dock now constructing there
shall be finished, the Government will have a
work as lasting as the granite of which it is con-
structed, and adapted to every possible exigency
of the naval service.
I stand here one of a small minority. If this
item in the bill is defeated, it is the act of a Demo-
cratic Congress, and I cannot and will not be held
responsible for it.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. MILLER,
of new jersey,
In the Senate, February 2, 1847.
The Bill making further appropriations to bring
the existing war with Mexico to a speedy and
honorable conclusion, being under considera-
tion—
Mr. MILLER said;
This bill is urged upon our consideration by the
same reasons which have been pressed upon us
for the adoption of every measure connected with
the Mexican war—that the President asks for it,
and that it will be the means of procuring a speedy
and honorable peace.
If I believed that the passage of this bill would
produce this result, I would cheerfully vote for it.
Three millions of dollars would be a cheap sacri-
fice to rid the country of this unfortunate war.
But along with this proposition, the chairman
of Foreign Relations, speaking, as I suppose, by
authority from the Executive, has told us how this
money is to be used, and has given us the terms
of the peace which it is to procure. We are in-
formed, that this money is to be used in some way,
not clearly defined, to induce the Mexican authori-
ties, or some portion of the Mexican people who
are inclined to be friendly towards us, to consent
to certain terms of peace, to be dictated by the
President of the United States. These terms are,
that Mexico shall, by way of indemnity to us for
the expense of the war, cede to the United States
New Mexico and Upper California. Upon these
terms, and upon these terms alone, the SenaLor
tells us the Executive ought to consent to make
peace with Mexico.
We have now for the first time, from an official
source, the information which the country has long
desired to obtain, viz: to what extent, and for what
purposes this war is to be further prosecuted.
It is to dismember the republic of Mexico, and
to annex two of her provinces to the United States.
This war, then, which we have been so frequently
assured by the Executive, was forced upon us by
Mexico, and only prosecuted by him <c in vindica-
tion of <pur rights and in defence of our territory,"
is now to be converted into a war of aggression
and of conquest on our port. These objccts are
now openly avowed before the world. It matters
not that these provinces are to be acquired through
the means and under the sanction of a treaty, for
we all know that such treaty is to be extorted from
Mexico by means of the further prosecution of the
war; and that, if she abandons her claim to Texas,
and surrenders two more of her provinces at our
dictation, it will be only to save the entire republic
from being subjugated by our arms.
Called upon, day after day, to vote men and
money—the lives and property of my fellow-citi-
zens—to sustain a war, for the origin of which I
thank God I am in no way responsible, and over
the continuance of which I regret that I have but
little if any control, I feel it due to myself, and to
those who have honored me with a seat on this
floor, to take this occasion to express plainly, but
fearlessly, my views and feelings upon all the sub-
jects connected with the Mexican war. I will,
therefore, proceed to notice the character of this
war, the importance it has assumed to the coun-
try, the causes which led to it, and the manner in
which it has been conducted; and then suggest to
the Senate a few considerations in regard to what
I consider the mode of bringing it to a speedy and
honorable termination.
Whatever might have been said, as to the exist-
ence of estate of icar between the republic of Mex-
ico and the United States, on the 11th of May last,
the day on which the President sent his war mes-
sage to Congress, all must admit that war exists
now. And whether it exists by the act of Mexico
or by the act of the President of the United States,
the country is, nevertheless, compelled to bear its
burdens, suffer its evils, and encounter its hazards,
until those who control its issue shall be induced
or compelled to restore peace to the country. If I
believed that, by withholding the supplies neces-
sary to sustain this war, honorable peace might be
restored to my country, I would, at all hazards to
myself, vote against them all. But this war is now
beyond my control—commencing in the will or by
a blunder of the Executive, it has proceeded step
by step, under the management of those who now
direct our political affairs, connecting itself with
the legislation of the country in every form, in
opposition as I believe, to the will of a majority of
the people, and in defiance of the terms of the Con-
stitution itself, until it has fastened itself upon the
country in such a manner, so that even those who
deplore its origin, and do not approve of its objects,
are now compelled, for the sake of the honor of
their country, to give it their support by voting the
necessary supplies.
Yes, sir, this little war, brought upon the coun-
try with little thought, and with less preparation,
grows larger and larger as time advances. The
enemy, retiring before our victorious armies, seems
to gather new strength from every defeat. A year
ago, Mexico, divided in Ijer councils, distracted in
her domestic affairs, without means, and without
credit to sustain a war, appeared to lie before us
like the lamb before the lion. We had but to seize
and devour. But the devoted victim seems to
gather strength from every wound we inflict; its
blood, like that of the patriots, shed in defence of
home and firesides, becomes the lifeblood of the
nation, and rallies an hundred freemen to avenge
the death of one. All Mexico is in arms to resist
your invasion; every mountain pass is defended by
her citizen soldiers. The road to the city of Mex-
ico glows longer and more difficult as we advance,
and the promised " revels in the halls of the Mon-
tezumas" have been preceded by many a carnival
of blood. That peace which we were to conquer
by the first of November, flies before our invading
army like an ignis-fatuus, and it is now further
from our grasp than it was on the day we crossed
the Nueces.
It is now evident to all that this war has as-
sumed a serious and momentous aspect. It has got
beyond the control of mere cabinet management;
not to be settled by an intrigue with an outlawed
Mexican general—by paper conquests of non-re-
sisting towns and defenceless provinces—by pro-
clamations of annexation prepared at Washington,
and repeated from the quarterdecks of our ships
of war on the coast of California, or upon the
mountain tops in New Mexico.
No, sir, all these devices of bloodless conquests
have passed away, like the dreams of the night.
We are now waking up to the realities of the war.
Its burdens are beginning to be felt; its calamities
are falling thick and heavy; already is your treas-
ury exhausted; already have thousands of your
patriotic soldiers fallen either by the sword or dis-
ease; and the sick and the wounded are daily re-
turning to remind us of the desolations of war.
Now comes urgent calls for more troops and for
money to pay them. The treasury is empty, new
loans must be resorted to. The national debt is
accumulating to a fearful amount. New and heavy
taxes must be laid, or your national credit will be
crushed beneath the burdens of this war.
If this war be continued for another year, it will
require all the power and energy of this nation to
be exerted to their full extent, in order to conduct
it with vigor and success.
We have already authorized the President to
receive into the service fifty thousand volunteers.
We have increased our regular army to twenty-
seven thousand men.
This army of seventy-seven thousand men is to
be employed in a foreign country, at a distance of
about three thousand miles. Its line of operations
extend from Tampico, on the Gulf, to San Fran-
cisco, on the Pacific, embracing sixteen degrees of
latitude. The furthest point m this line, upon a
straight course drawn from this Capitol, is distant
four thousand miles, and only to be approached by
a voyage of fifteen thousand miles, by^ the way of
Cape Horn. In order to occupy this extended
line, our forces have been divided into four divis-
ions. One division, and the largest, is upon the
Gulf, one upon the upper Rio Grande, another at
Santa Fe, and the fourth is, I hardly know where,
being yet afloat upon the high seas around the
world, but destined, wind and waves permitting,
to take possession of Upper California. *
All the munitions of war and the supplies for
these several armies are to be drawn from the Uni-
ted States, to be carried by land over deserts, and
through a wild and savage wilderness.
