3W
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2,
•29th Cong..:..2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
peace, by striking at the heart of Mexico, when
he places the forces which are to strike the blow a
thousand miles from striking distance, is the most
remarkable of them all.
If the President's object was peace, and nothing
else, he should have concentrated our forcps at the
most vulnerable point, supplied them in time with
proper munitions of war and the necessary means
of transportation, struck a decided blow at the heart
of Mexico, and then said to the Government of
that republic, now we are willing to make peace
by settling the two causes which led to the war,
viz: the boundary line of Texas, and indemnity
to our citizens. If this had been done, we would
hnvrJpd peace before to-day. But instead of adopt-
ing TOsk effective means, he scattered our forces
over remote and defenceless provinces—wasted our
means in useless enterprises—sent a colonizing
army to Upper California—employed, our naval
and military commanders in annexing Mexican
territory to the United States; thus publishing to
Mexico, and all the world, that his object was not
peace, but to despoil that republic of her territories.
The people of Mexico, seeing your object, have
united in defence of their native "soil. They now
stand m every mountain pass to resist your invading
army. They, too, in common with our Execu-
tive, have forgotten the cause of the war in the im-
minent danger that now threatens their national
existence. So strong is that feeling now in Mexi-
co, that we are told that the Government dare not
even entertain a proposition for peace, connected
in any way with a surrender of any portion of her
territory to the United States; that her people will
rebel against a proposition of that kind, and at once
hurl from power the Executive who may be reck-
less enough to sell 01- surrender any portion of the
teniiory of his country.
The President of the United States, aware of
the difficulties attending a treaty of peace with
Mexico, predicated upon a surrender of two of her
provinces, now proposes that we shall place in his
hands $3,000,000, to be used by him to sustain the
Executive of Mexico in making such a treaty,
against t|ie apprehended indignation of the people
of that republic.
I can understand the proposition now made
through the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations in 110 other way. That honorable
Senator has lofd us, that "the intelligence possessed
' by the President gave them reason to believe that
' upon a certain advance to be made to t ho til to j
' pny the expenses of their army, and other ex- j
' penses, they would be willing to cede that por-
' lion of their country which he had named."
" That wo had got possession of a large part of
' their territory; we had got possession of some of i
' their seaports, and held others blockaded. We
' were powerful, and in a condition to force contri-
' butions, and every one in Mexico, orat least the ■
'gieatiT number, were desirous of concluding a | j
* peace." !
I also understand from what that Senator said, ;;
and from what { now hear from other quarters, !j
that the oliject of this advancement is to keep the i
army and people, of Mexico quiet until a treaty can
be made. .;
Thus, sir, we have this new scheme for obtain-
ing a speedy and honorable peace with Mexico ;
fairly presented to the world. .
its programme when reduced to writing, is this: I
Our Executive proposes as his ultimatum—that we ■
■Will make peace, if Mexico will cede to the United ;i
States Now Mexico and Upper California. ;
Santa Ana replies: I cannot entertain the prop-:i
osition; for if I should do so, my army would re-
volt, and the people of Mexico would hurl me from I1
poiver before we could complete the bargain. The j'
President replies: I have thought of the difficulties !
of your position, and in order to overcome them, I 11
will advance you ^3,000,000, with which, if you I
are the man 1 take you to be, you can retain the !|
allegiance of the army until a treaty can be rati- '
fled. !
That Santa Ana, or some other good friend of
thePresule.it, will take the money, I have no doubt.
But that we shall procure peace, honorable peace,
by such a devious course as this, no ono can seri- i
ou-dy believe. .!
It will he a peace tainted with bribery and treacli- i,
ery. It may answer the purposes of our Admin- l!
istration—it may gratify the cupidity of Santa Ana; 1
but its bribery will bring dishonor upon our name,
while its treachery will excite every patriot in Mex-
ico to a fiercer renewal of the war.
Sir, I will have nothing to do with such a scheme
as this. I believe the attempts to procure peace by
such means will prove abortive; and, if successful,
will bring nothing but disgrace upon our fair name.
That if the money is paid, it will go into the hands
of some traitor in Mexico, who will be as ready to
cheat us as he was to betray his own country.
It looks very much as if the two millions asked
for at the last session had been wanted then to get
Santa Ana into Mexico, and that the three millions
are now required to get liim out.
The only honorable way to settle our difficulties
with Mexico, is to go back to the causes of the
war. These causes are recent, they are well un-
derstood, and, in my judgment, susceptible of a
speedy and honorable adjustment. Before the com-
mencement of this unfortunate war, there existed
but two matters of serious difficulty between Mex-
ico and the United States:
1st. The annexation of Texas.
2d. The unredressed injuries inflicted by Mexico
on the persons and property of our citizens.
The President, in his message of the 2d of De-
cember, 1845, states these to be the only serious
causes of misunderstanding between the two Gov-
ernments.
As to the first, he says, that on the fith of March,
1845, the Mexican Minister protested against the
joint resolution of Congress for the annexation of
Texas to the United States, which he regarded as
a violation of the rights of Mexico, and demanded
his passports. That, from that time, Mexico had
assumed an hostile attitude, and broke off all dip-
lomatic intercourse with the United States. That,
on account of the hostile attitude Mcxico had as-
sumed towards the United States, "he (the Presi-
' dent) deemed it proper, as a precautionary meas-
' ure, to order a strong squadron to the coasts of
' Mcxico, and to concentrate an efficient military
' forcc on the western frontier of Texas." He then
says: " but though our army and navy were placed
' in a position to defend our own and the rights of
' Texas, they were ordered to commit no act of
' hostility against Mexico, unless she declared war,
' or was herself the aggressor, by striking the first
' blow." Thus stood the first cause of difference
on the 2d of December, 1845.
As to the second cause of difference, the Presi-
dent states it, in substance, as follows: That we
had frequently complained of the injuries inflicted
upon the persons and property of our citizens, and
asked redress. That Mexico admitted the justice
of our claim to a certain extent, but negleetcd to
( make satisfaction. That after much delay, a treaty
of indemnity was concluded on the 11th of April,
1839. That under this treaty a commission was
organized at Washington, on the 25th of August,
1840, who adjudicated claims in favor of our citi-
zens to the amount of $2,026,139 G8. That, for
want of time, other claims, amounting; to between
three and four millions, were left undisposed of.
That Mexico then asked for further indulgence,
and we granted it. That on the 13th of January,
1843, a new treaty was concluded, and by the terms
of which it was provided—
1st. That the interest due on the award made
under the treaty of the 11th of April, 1839, should
be paid on the 13th of April, 1843; and that the
principal and interest arising thereon should be
paid in five years, in equal instalments, every three
mouths, to commence on the 13th oP April, 1843.
The President states, " that the interest due on
the 13th of April, 18-13, and the three first of the
twenty instalments have been paid," leaving sev-
enteen unpaid, seven of which were then due.
By this statement it appears that our claims for
indemnity against Mexico had been made the sub-
ject of friendly adjustment under several treaties,
and that the whole amount of these claims which
had been adjudicated under these treaties was the
sum of §2,126,139 68, and that of this amount
there was only due and unpaid, on the 2d of De-
cember, 1845, seven instalments, amounting to the
sum of §709,142. Thus stood the second cause of
difference on the 5th of December; 1845.
The President also informs us, in the same mes-
sage, that on the 10th of November, 1846, he sent
Mr. Slidell to Mexico, " clothed with full powers
' to adjust and definitely settle all pending differ-
1 ences between the two countries, including those
' of boundary between' Mexico and the State of
'Texas."
I have thus particulaily referred to this message
for the purpose of showing, in the first place, that
at the time negotiations were interrupted between
the two Governments, and up to the time our army
was directed to take a position on the Rio Grande,
the difficulties between us and Mexico were not of
such a character as to justify war between sister
republics; secondly, that the war which has arisen
out of them might, and ought to have been pre-
vented; and, thirdly, that there is no difficulty in
putting an end to it now, if our Government will
direct its exertions to an honorable and just settle-
ment of the causes of difference which led to the
war. The attempt which has lately been made to
magnify our grievances by a renewal of bygone
disputes and forgotten iijgult, may tend to ease the
conscience of the promoters of this war, but it
must fail to satisfy the world that there were any
other causes for its existence but the two I have
named.
We all know that this war was a surprise upon
the nation. We were in it before we were aware
of its necessity. How and by whom it was brought
on, is still an unsettled question. Its paternity is
unacknowledged—its existence is that of a nullius
filius, the child of nobody, to be supported by the
nation at large. Mexico denies that she brought
on the war; our President affirms that he did not;
Congress has never declared it; all we know is,
that war exists. Even now we vote the necessary
supplies under a protest, and are not permitted to
express thanks to our gallant officers and men
for glorious victories won, without accompanying
j those thanks with a disavowal of the very war in
which they were achieved.
Whence this hesitation, this quivering and sha-
king, whenever we touch upon the authorship of
this war? Does it not arise from the fact that there
is doubt lurking even in the minds of those who
brought it upon the country, as to its necessity or
justice ? Or does the Administration begin to see
m the signs of the times, that the day is fast
approaching when they will be called to answer at
the bar of public opinion for the millions of money
and thousands of lives sacrificed in the prosecution
of a war which, if they did not bring on, it was
their duty to have prevented ?
There was no overruling necessity for this war.
It might have been avoided, if the President had
exercised that prudence and foresight becoming the
Chief Magistrate of the nation in an emergency of
peace and war.
I believe, and I think every Senator here believes
now, that if the President had, before our army
was thrown in collision with the enemy, by means
of his order to cross the Nueces, submitted the
whole case to Congress, who has the sole newer
to make war under oui Constitution, this Mexican
war would never had an existence.
But the President did not thmk proper to take
this course. He neglected to consult Congress
until our troops had been brought into collision
with the Mexican army—until war had actually
been made. And even then, if the party in power
had given proper time for that deliberation which
the importance of the occasion demanded, this Ex-
ecutive war would have ended with the victories of
Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma, and our army
would never have crossed the Rio Grande to invade
and conquer Mexico. Whether the President is
responsible for having commenced this war or not,
is a question which I suppose will only be settled
by history. But we all have our opinions now; I
beg leave to express mine in a single sentence.
If taking possession of a territory, claimed by,
and in the actual possession of another, with an
armed force competent to drive out its inhabitants,
and hold the country, and then directing that armed
force to take a hostile position within gunshot of a
city belonging to the adversary, is not actual war,
it is certainly doing that which the President ought
to have known, under the state of feeling then ex-
isting between the parties, would inevitably lead
to war.
But though the President may be responsible for
bringing on the war at the time and in the manner
in which it was brought on, there are others who
are equally responsible to the country for produ-
cing the state of things out of which our difficulties
