1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
with Mexico have arisen. These difficulties were
produced by two hasty, and, as I believe, by two
unconstitutional acts committed by our Govern-
ment. The first was, the annexation of Texas to
the Union by means of a joint resolution of Con-
gress. The second was, the sending our array into
Texas before it was a part of the United States.
In the first act, this Senate participated. We on
this side of the Chamber opposed that measure as
both unconstitutional and vicious; as a measure
that would not only lead to war with Mexico, but
also endanger the peace and welfare of the Union
at home. All that we said on that occasion has
been, or is about to be, fulfilled; war with Mexico;
lust for the acquisition of territory; extension of
slavery over other Mexican provinces; internal dis-
sensions, have all followed m quick succession that
unlawful and reckless deed. But my object in re-
ferring to that act now, m for another purpose. It
is well known that the Texas resolutions could not
have passed the Senate without the amendment
which gave to the President the discretion either
to submit the resolutions of annexation to Texas,
or to proceed by negotiation and treaty.
The object of this amendment was to enable the
President to settle, by treaty, the boundary line
between Texas and Mexico, and to prevent, by
liberal policy on our part, any difficulties that might .
arise out of the annexation of Texas to the United
States. It was this feature in the resolution that
overcome the conscientious scruples of the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Bagby.] We were assured
that the Executive would adopt the treaty mode,
and without that assurance, the resolution would
not have passed.
But what was the result? Why, the then Execu-
tive, (Mr. Tyler,) immediately adopted the simple
resolutions of annexation, and sent them post haste
to Texas, for the concurrence of that Government.
The present Executive coming into power soon af-
ter, approved of the course of his predecessor, and
immediately sent our army into Texas, and our
navy to the Gulf, in order to enforce and defend
by arms that which it was his duty to have settled
and adjusted by treaty.
I do not intend to say that Mexico had the absolute
right to interfere with the annexation of Texas to
the United States, or that we were bound to con-
sult her upon that subject. But .knowing as we
did the excited feelings of Mexico, arising out of
the peculiar circumstances attending the revolution
and independence of Texas; knowing, also, that
Texas included within her declared boundaries ter-
ritories then in the actual possession of the people
of Mexico, we owed it to our own peace, we owed
it to the feelings and honor of Mexico, to that
state of honor and amity which had always existed j
between us and our sister republic, we owed it to |
the opinion of the world, to act in a spirit of forbear- j
anee towards Mexico, and to adjust these difficul- !
ties upon terms of the broadest liberality. !
Had this policy been adopted, the country would
have been saved the expense and calamity of this
war. .
But this is passed, and I will leave the President,
and those who trusted to his discretion, to settle the
matter between them.
* In adjusting disputes between individuals or na-
tions, it is important, in the first place, to ascertain
clearly and distinctly, the real matters of difference
between the parties. This being done, if the par-
ties be. honest in their claims, and sincerely desirous
of putting an end to the controversy, there can be
but little difficulty in making peace between them,
unless one of the parties, thinking he has the ad-
vantage of his adversary in the present position of
the quarrel, or in his superior ability to prosccute
it to extremes, demands something beyond what
was embraced in the original dispute, something
by way of indemnity to himself or of punishment
to his opponent.
So, Mr. President, in the present controversy
between us and Mexico; if the parties desire peace, .
and nothing but honorable peace, there can, in my J
humble opinion, be no difficulty in obtaining it, if i
we would but direct our attention solely and steadi-
ly to the causes which led to the war, and settle
them, without regard to any ulterior advantages.
And now I beg leave to put this question to the
Senate, and through the Senate to the Executive,
who holds the issue of peace or war in his hands:
Are you willing to make peace by a just and hon-
orable settlement of the two causes which led to
the war? Are you willing to say to Mexico, in
plain English, or in any other language that she
may understand, that if she will acknowledge our
boundary to the Rio Grande, and pay the indem-
nities justly due to our citizens, this war shall be
at an end ? I regret to say that the President has
anticipated an answer to these interrogatories by
what has been communicated to us this day , through
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. The President is not willing to make peace
by a just and honorable settlement of all the causes
of difference between the two nations. He is not
willing to put an end to the war, though Mexico
yield all her own grievances and claims, and give
us all we demanded at the time the war commen-
ced. He has now other objects and motives for
the prosecution of the .war than those which were
avowed on the 5th of December, 1845, and on the
11th of May, 1846. Grotius, in speaking of the
causes of war, draws a distinction between what he
calls " the justifying reasons and the motives for the
war." The former being that which is assigned
to the world, and the latter that which exists m the
mind of the war-maker. Thus, in the war of Al-
exander ao-ainst Darius, to take vengeance of the
Persians for the injuries they had done the Greeks
; was the justifying'reason, whilst the motive was a
I strong des're of glory, empire, and riches._ When
! history comes to record the causes of this war, 1
1 fear she will be compelled to write that the justify-
ing reason assigned to the world was to " avenge
American blood shed upon American soil, whilst
the real motive was a strong desire to obtain two
or more Mexican provinces.
■ But to return. The President's object, as we
: have been told to-day, in the further prosecution
' of this war, is to obtain indemnity for the ex-
penses of the war; in other words, it is to punish
Mexico, by compelling her to pay damages; the
i amount to'be taxed by the President, and which
| he has already estimated to be ol the value of i
• New Mexico and California. i
I As the real objects of this war are disclosed, as j
: the motives of its authors are brought out from the
f dark recesses of the cabinet into open daylight,
! how they will chill the ardor and disappoint the
l' hopes of our patriotic soldiery. Under the solemn
:i assurance of the Executive, that this war had been
' forced upon us by Mexico; that our only object in
j continuing it was to resist aggression and" to con-
: quer a peace, our gallant army, volunteers and re-
i Ailars, have marched whereveryou directed them to
I march, encountering death in every shape-, meeting
1 the enemy wherever they could find him; lighting
three glorious battles, in each victorious, and each
more glorious than the former; and m all, the battle-
cry'has been, we fight for our country, we strike ,nr
peace and not for spoils ! But now they are to be
told that they are the mere instruments m the
hands of the Administration, to bring about a state
of things in Mexico, under the pressure of which
the President may force or bribe that Government
to sell to the United States two of her provinces. ,
ThatSanta Alia, who has thus far escaped your vigi- ;
I ant pursuit, is still approachable by the President. .
That the peace which you have been prevented, ,
by the imbecility of the dcpartmcnthere, from win- -
nine bv your valor, is now to be purchased with ,
money. And that bribery and treachery, more
powerful than valor and arms, is to end this war; I
thus making its consummation as dishonorable to j
the country as it will be mortifying to the pride ;
and honor of every true soldier ill the army. j
The President's views being now fully under-
ineri^iuwx^  „ , ,
stood, it becomes an important question tor tins.
Senate to decide, whether it will sanction the fur- j
ther prosecution of this war for the purposes j
avowed. Whether, in this enlightened ago, when
war is deplored by all good men and only tolera- j
ted in self-defence, this, the proudest and the might- f
i«t republic on earth, shall continue to prosecute :
a war against a poor and enfeebled sister republic, ,
for the mercenary purpose of despoiling her of her j
people and territory, in order to pay the expenses ,
of a war, in the making of which we were as much
to blame, if not more, than she. Neither the laws
of God nor man will justify a nation in continuing
a war bevond the point of obtaining redress for
the wrongs which occasioned the war. io push
it further is vengeance, ambition, or avarice, j
" An equitable conqueror," says Vattel, instead <
1 of being swayed by ambition and avarice, wiU
s make a just estimate of what is due to him,^hat
4 is, of the very thing that has caused the war; and if
4 the thing itseJfis not to be procured * * * he
' will detain no more of the enemy's goods than is
' precisely the equivalent. These are the condi-
4 tions which render an acquisition made by armies
'justand unreproachable before God and our own
* conscience; justice in the cause, and equity an the
4 satisfaction.'*
I have entertained the opinion for some time past
that the Senate ought, in some way consistent with
law and order, express its opinion as to the objects
and purposes for which this war should be further
prosecuted; and to give to the Executivo^n re-
spectful terms, our advice, (asked or unaskedy) as
to the mode and manner in which it should be
brought to a speedy and honorable termination.
The bill now before us affords an opportunity for
(he exercise of this solemn duty: and I trust that
before this debate is concluded, a proposition of
the kind I have referred to will receive the sanction
of this body. . . -
I believe, and I think such to be the opinion ot
the country, that this war may be brought to an
honorable termination in ninety days, if Congress
will advise the President not to prosecute it for the
purpose of acquiring Mexican territory, to be an-
nexed to the United States, and that m his offer
of peace to Mexico, he confine his proposition to
the adjustment of the causes of difference out of
which the war originated. It may be said that we
have no right to interfere in this matter, that the
President has the sole power of making peace, and
that he alone is responsible for the manner of con-
ducting this war. This is true to a certain extent.
But Congress has also the sole power of granting
the supplies, and the Senate has the power of final-
ly affirming or rejecting any treaty of peace that
the President may think proper to send to us.
Besides, the President having assumed the respon-
sibility of making war without the knowledge or
: consent of Congress, he ought not to complain if
i we take upon ourselves the humble privilege of
I advising him to put an end to it. On a late mem-
1 orable occasion, when the country was m danger
i of being involved in war with Great Britain, rela-
; tive to the boundary of Oregon, the President
thought proper to consult the Senate as to the terms
and conditions upon which that controversy should
be settled. We did not then stand on formalities
in a question of war or peace. We did not say
to the President, act upon your own responsibility;
but in good faith, we at once gave him our advice;
and public opinion accords to the Senate the honor
of having saved the peace of the world on that
occasion" Our advice now, although unasked,
may, I trust, have the like effect; and if rejected
by the President, upon him, and upon him alone,
will rest the responsibility of continuing the war
for the purpose ho has avowed.
Mr. President, I believe that nothing but evil,
unmitigated evil, will result by the prosecution of
this war, for the objects now avowed by the Pres-
ident, and that the more successful he is in attain-
ing his object, the more evil he will bring upon
this country. Yes; this war of conquest may
proceed vigorously and successfully; your army
may carry every mountain pass, may storm every
height, and give your victorious flag to the breeze
from the topmost turret on the halls of the Monte-
zumas, and the military chieftain who shall have
accomplished all this, may return, like Ccesarfiom
Gaul bringing with him, as the tiophies ot lus
victories, an hundred subjugated provinces and
eight millions of conquered Mexicans, and present
them here for our dominion and control. What
then—ah! sirs, what then? Then will come the
division of the spoils, the partition between the
North and the South. Shall the country which
you have achieved at the sacrifice of so much blood
Ld treasure, be free?_shall there be no 'involun-
tary slavery" there? Or will you divide it into
equal tiers of States, extending from the Del Norte
to the Pacific, separated all the way by an ideal
hie on one side of which the free institutions of
the North will march along side ot the s ave insti-
tution of the South on the other, until they shall
both stand together on the shore ot the Pacific, and
s°Jh for other lands beyond? These questions
must then be met and settled. Already are they
agitating the public mind to a fearful extent. The
