1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
29th Cong 2d Sjsss.
Tfie Mexican War—Mr. Delano.
Ho. op Reps.
tions, ignoVant of everything requisite for good cit-
izens, wicked and vicious because ignorant, whose
right of suffrage would so cheapen the privilege
that we should no longer deem it worth exercising.
These and similar reflections induced Mr. Jeffer-
son to deny that such power had been given by the
Constitution. If we can acquire one of the inhab-
ited departments of Mexico, and make the people
citizens, we may also acquire the territory of the
Creek Indians, or any other savage tribe, and con-
fer upon them the same privilege. I do not say
that unoccupied territory, necessary forthe public
welfare, may not be obtained by treaty; but I do
say, that the founders of this republic did not in-
tend to confer the power of extending the Confed-
eracy by adding to it all the nations of the earth,
thereby subverting and destroying the original
compact and copartnership, and creating entirely
a new one.
But, grant we have the right to make such ac-
quisition, it can only be accomplished by treaty. |
Until the treaty is made, no province occupied by j
our armies can be annexed; it is not ours. We I
have no authority over it—no right there, except- j
ing that of military possession. j
Congress has no jurisdiction, and cannot make j
laws to govern its inhabitants. It is yet foreign [
soil, beyond the reach of our laws and of the law-
making power. Yet we find that, m territory thus
situated, subordinate officers of the army are es-
tablishing civil governments, with full codes of
laws, providing for every department of munici-
pal police, and declaring that these territories be-
long to the Union. Is it not the duty of Congress
to take some public notice of these usurpations,
that silence may not give thera sanction, and thus j
permit them to ripen into dangerous precedents ? j
Again, sir, the Administration has underrated |
the military power of Mexico, and overrated our j
own. If we seek to coerce a peace, we may have
a prolonged, if not a fearful, conflict before us, ru-
inously expensive in money, and wickedly waste-
ful of human life. Compare the power of your
enemy with that of the Colonies during the Revo-
lution. Mexico has eleven millions of people—the
Colonies had three. Great Britain had, during
that struggle, a standing army and navy of two
hundred and fifty thousand men. Ours did not
exceed, on the first of January last, seventeen
thousand. The ordinary revenues of Great Brit-
ain exceeded one hundred millions of dollars per
annum. Ours will not reach, under the tariff of
'46, after giving away your lands for soldiers'
bounties, twenty-five millions.
But this is not all, nor is it by any means the
most important consideration. We have, in this
conflict with a sister republic, the same obstacles
to overcome which Artabanus informed Xerxes lie
would find most formidable to his invasion of
Greece. They are, "the land arid the sea." If
we escape destruction in the Gulf, which, during
a portion of the year at least, seems yawning to
receive us, we find the land covered with natural
military defences, full of defiles easily obstructed,
and passes dangerous to be attempted. The coun-
try is poor, and nearly destitute of all the products
necessary for the subsistence of an American army.
The people are exasperated to the last extremity;
they feel that the war is one of race against race,
and they are determined to make it, on their part,
a war of victory or extinction. They fight for
home,for fireside, for country, for existence; and,
short of extermination, they will hardly yield.
To this must be added their climate, which is their
best friend, and our most dangerous enemy. It
will continue to carry sickness and disease, pesti-
lence and death, among our troops, so long as we
send them there.
While this unnecessary war is prosecuted, Mexi-
co will continue to be the grave-yard of our troops.
If I am informed that thus to speak is giving aid
and comfort to the enemy, I will reply, "the perfec-
tion of human conduct is this: in previous delibera-
tions to calculate with fear upon every ill that may
arise* "
But suppose we subdue Mexico, dictate a peace,
and annex her territory, what are we to do then?
I call upon the friends of the "Wilmot proviso" to
answer, what they intend to do. I call upon my
southern friends to say what they intend to do. Af-
ter this territory is obtained by our common blood
and treasure, what will you do with it? Now is
the time to settle this question; for you know, Mr.
Chairman, that if we will but announce to Mexico
that we do not want her territory, this war can be
closed at once. I beseech you, then, follow not
the blind guidance of those who desire to suppress
this question, until the territory is obtained, for
then it may prove too late for the safety and wel-
fare of the Union.
If we have entered upon a career which threat-
ens to weaken the bonds of union, or to produce
sectional animosities, or to furnish food for present
exasperated appetites, in different localities, now is
the time to pause, before the evil is consummated.
This "Mexican fish," as some Administration
members figuratively call our proposed conquests,
will not, I fear, prove to be a bobo;* it will be
found a scorpion, whose venomous sting is death;
and I am opposed to baiting our hook with so
much blood and treasure to obtain it. I theiefore
call upon every man who loves the Union to stop
now, and say what shall be-done with the territory
when acquired. I speak for the North, for all the
free States, and I say you never shall make it slave
territory. The Executive, with his patronage, may
he able to purchase traitors now, and prevent the
passage of Wilmot's proviso, and thus suppress
an expression of the true free State sentiment. I
presume this will be done, for traitors are always
marketable, and always a cheap commodity. I
have heard of one who sold his birthright for a
mess of pottage; of another who betrayed his mas-
ter for thirty pieces of silver; and I presume the
crumbs which fall from the table of executive
power will be found ample to purchase the liberties
of freemen. But I warn the " doughfaces," that
they are only treasuring up " wrath against the
day of wrath." Whenever they sell themselves
again, at the expense of freedom, and the rights
of the free States, they will find the indignation of
their constituents too hot for their political exist-
ence, and their doom is inevitable. Their fate is
fixed—their destiny is written; the finger of un-:
mitigated scorn and contempt will follow them, and ,
the voice of every freeman in the North will echo >
in their ears, " What right have you to speak 5 j
you have been boughl." 1 know, sir, that the South
has always defeated the North; and why? Be-!
cause southern men are ever true to their interest.
What they think, they say: and what they say,
they do.
It is now time, sir, for the North to-speak and
act; but I do nut think there is any purpose on the
part of the/iorthcrn democracy to do so. Where
is your three milbon'bill, offered by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. King]' Why, sir, it has
been offered and rejected on a motion to suspend
| the rules. It is spoken of, but never taken up and
i acted on. These unmeaning efforts, in regard to
j it, are carried into northern papers for home con-
I sumption; and that is the end and purpose for
| which it was introduced. There is, I fear, no
I sincerity in the effort.
j What would the South say if the northern de-
, mocracy would speak out like men ? They would
! not permit this war to be prosecuted another day,
i; if they thought slavery would be prohibited in the
j acquired territory. Southern men speak plainly,
j! and give us to know precisely what is intended,
j! They will convert the territory to slavery, if it is
j: acquired. With becoming frankness they openly
II declare their purpose, and for this I respect them.
!; I would that northern men would follow their ex-
Ij ample. We might then say, with the eloquent
' gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,]
II "thank God, there arc no traitors among us."
I: But wc cannot thank God for any such blessing.
I! We have them all around us. Let me say, how-
li ever, to the South, in all kindness and candor, you
|. may purchase these politicians, but you cannot
11 buy our constituents. Our principles are just—
i i they are fixed—and our constituents will adhere to
11 them to the end of time. Never, never shall you
' I extend your institution of slavery one inch beyond
its present limits. Go on, if you will. Conquer
I Mexico, and add the territory, but we will make
| it free; if not with the politicians we have now, the
' people of the North will bury these, and send
! honest men in their places. If you will drive on
this bloody war of conquest to annexation, we will
establish a cordon of free States that shall surround
* A Mexican fish highly esteemed for food.
you; and then we will light up the fires of liberty
on evefyside, until they melt your present chains,
and render all your people free. This is no idle
boast; and it is time for you to determine whether,
in view of this fact, you will push on this war.
Mr. ATKINSON, of Virginia, here rose, and
desired to know if he correctly understood the gen-
tleman from Ohio. Did the gentleman say that the
day was to come when the shackles of slavery were
to be broken asunder in the South ?
Mr. D. I said no such thing, sir. I said this: Un-
less you come up to the work of patriotism, truth,
and justice, and aid us in stopping this war of con-
quest and acquisition, we will make free territory all
around you, and thus sunder the bonds of slavery,
and make your people free. I desire, sir, to stop
this war. I do not wish to see this element of dis-
cord, the conquest of southern territory introduced
among us. I will join the South in a patriotic en-
deavor to prevent it. There is nothing I love better
or revere more than the Union. I never think of
the name of Washington withoutremembering his
farewell warning: "To frown with indignation
upon the first dawning of every attempt to dissolve
the Union, or to weaken the bonds which hold its
several parts together."
I venerate the man and the warning. I will fol-
low the advice. I will adhere to it, and will cling
to the Union as long as I can; but I'll see it shat-
tered into ten thousand fragments, before I will be
instrumental in extending the institution of slavery.
But I desire to ask, sir, what is to bo done with
the people now inhabiting the country which you
propose to acquire? There is in New Mexico,
this side the Rio Grande, some sixty thousand in-
habitants; and in California, and the other territo-
ries which you seek to obtain, I know not how
many. What will you do with them ? Thcyem-
brnce all shades of color, from the pure white of
the anslo-Saxon to the richest ebony of the unadul-
terated" African. They are asad compound ofSpan-
ish, English, Indian, and negro bloods; crossed
and intermixed in every variety of form; and re-
sulting, it is said, in the production of a slothful,
indolent, ignorant race of beings. Will vou make
them citizens, give them the right of suffrage, and
permit them, ignorant as they are of our institu-
tions and form of government, to control our elec-
tions, and, perhaps, our destiny? You must do
this, or deprive them of their freedom. The senti-
ments of the age will not permit you to subjugate
a people now fice, and convert them into slaves.
Humanity revolts at the thought; the world would
unite in its condemnation; and we shall be com-
pelled, if we take these people, to give them under
our government the benefits of that ever-living
truth, imbodied in the Declaration of Independ-
ence, that "all men are born free and equal."
Think of this, sir; and let those who go for con-
quest think of it; and let them remember, too, that
one of the questions which disturbed the peace,
and hastened the destiuction of the Roman repub-
lic, was a proposition of Tiberius Gracchus to
give to the people of the provinces the right of
suffrage. _ ,
Mr. Chairman, the rash and illegal conduct of
the President has brought upon the country a dan-
gerous crisis, which we should meet like patriots,
and not like politicians. I consider this war a
great calamity; it is wicked and inhuman. Its ob-
ject is national robbery, consummated, if carried
on, by a sacrifice of human life that falls but little
short of murder. It is odious to the people, and
will be more so as its effects become more visible;
it is loathed and despised by a majority of this
i House. Why do we hesitate to stop it? It must
j end in conquest, and thus produce a violent con-
flict between the North and South in regard to sla-
| very; or it will end in defeat and disgrace, fruitless
1 cxcept in the creation of a heavy national debt, and
I in the increase of taxation.
j What, then, shall be done? Let the Government
I immediately declare, to Mexico and the win Id,
i that we do not want territory, offer to treat with
| her upon the basis of such a declaration, and pro-
. pose to arbitrate, if negotiation is unavailing; do
I this, and, if need be, do more; propose to withdraw
'< your army and navy from the territory and coasts
u of your enemy, provided she will submit to arbi-
I! tration; let this be done,and the war is ended,and
j; peace will smile again upon our happy country.
II I think this ought to be done; I think the Presi-
