1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Severance.
Ho. of Reps.
Yet President Polk says: " Texas always extend-
ed to the Rio Grande."
From Morfit's letter, Jlugust 27,1836.—*' It was the inten-
tion of this Government, immediately after the battle of San
Jacinto, to have claimed from the Rio Grande, along the
river, to the 30th degree of latitude, and thence due west to
the Pacific. It was found, however, that this would not
strike a convenient point in California; that it would be
difficult to control a wandering population go distant, and
that the territory now determined upon would be sufficient for
a young republic.3>
If the Texan Congress had resolved their title
to the Pacific, it would have been just as good as
their title now is to the valley of the Rio Grande.
In the same letter, speaking of the population of
Texas, Mr. Morfit says:
The additional toriitory claimed by Texas, since the Dec-
laration of Independence on the 2d March, 1836, will increase
her population at lean 15,000; so that the State may be said,
at this time, to contain 65,000 souls. Of this augmentation,
there will be in the village of Taos about 1,5(0;"in Santa f6
2,500; in San Miguel 1,000 ; and 2,000 in the other settle-
ments. There are also S,000 souls belonging to the families
ofrancheros, or herdsmen, who will add to the products, but
not to the physical force of the country."
They did not add much to the physical force of
Texas, but they added something to that of Mex-
ico in 1840, when the Texan expedition was sent
to Santa Fe.
In the speech of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Payne,] delivered some weeks ago on Texan
affairs, he maintained that what he calls the treaty
with Santa Ana in 3836, was binding upon the
Mexican Government, and that it recognised the
Rio Grande as the boundaiy; for, although Santa
Ana was himself a prisoner, and not free to act,
Filisola, who became commander, was authorized
by his Government to treat, and he did sign the
treaty.
To all this, the answer is plain. The paper which
Santa Ana and Filisola signed was nothing more
than an agreement for the release of prisoners, and
did not, on its face, purport to be anything more
than a promise that a treaty should be made, if
their influence was sufficient, by commissioners to
be appointed by both parties, to meet in the city of
Mexico for that purpose; but no such commission-
ers were ever appointed by Mexico, and no such
treaty was ever made. Mr. R. J. Walker, two
years ago, in the Senate, tried to make something
of this agreement of Santa Ana. I think the fol-
lowing letter will put an extinguisher on this pre-
tended treaty. It is from our agent m Texas, and
the information is derived from the Government of
Texas.
Extract of a letter from Henri/ M. Morfit to the Hon. John
Forsyth, Secretary of State, dated—
" Veusco, September 10, 1836.—Sir: (Jpon the inquiry
whethei any negotiation has been commenced, oi is intend-
ed, with Mexico, for the acknowledgment of the indepen-
dence of Texas, I have a-ecrtained that no attempt of that
kind has been made siiwc the.Jailure of the treaty with Gen-
eral Santa Ana.
4<It was hoped that the commissioners, Lorenzo de Zavala,
the Vice President of thii State, and the Hon. Bailey Hardt-
man, Secretary of the Treasury, would have been enabled,
in conjunction with the President of Mexico, to have effect-
ed a full recognition, according to the uiiderntanding pre-
viously had on that subject; hut the detention of Santa Ana,
by the"popular voice, after he had embarked with Ihoe two
gentlemen, and his continued captivity, together with the
political changes m Mexico Mtice then, have put an end to
these Jamrable expectations from that quuifer,,y
Hereis an official admission, more than ten years
ago, that the treaty was a total failure; and yet the
President himself, m his last annual message, is not
ashamed to give it a prominent place among his rea-
sons for taking possession of all the country up to
the Rio Grande.
The gentleman from Alabama said, as reported
in the Union:
  Well, then, they came to the question as to the extent
of the boundary. Some gentlemen said it extended to the
Nueces. Whence did they derive that opinion? Was it
from any public document extant? or was it merely an idle
idea of a dn?teinpei ed imagination, having its origin in what
some might consider the wayward course of a distinguished Sen-
ator in the other end of the Capitol ? It could not be carried
further than the Senator from, Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] It
was not an original idea by any means; but he defied anyone
to point out any authority Jor it in any public document, or
any principle oi' national law. It was the offspring of the
Senator from Missouri—there it uas to be j omul, and nowhere.
e&e."
Now, sir, while I cannot undertake to vindicate
the consistency of the Senator from Missouri, still
less vote to make him a lieutenant general, I think
I have already shown, that in his speeches upon
the Tyler Texas treaty, he was historically and
geographically correct; and that the ancient bound-
aries of the several Spanish provinces were no
chimeras of his imagination. In this, the gentle-
man from Alabama is as wide of the mark, as he
was two years ago in his speech on the annexa-
tion of Texas, in which he valued the public lands
of that now extinct republic at one hundred and
seventy millions of dollars, and calculated that,
after giving Texas ten millions of dollars to pay
her debts, as then proposed in the Tyler treaty,
we should clear upwards of $150,000,000, besides
deriving an immense revenue from her imports;
which revenue he calculated, at20 percent, duties,
would ultimately go up to the annual amount of
thirty-three millions of dollars !
In confirmation of what I have said of Mr. Ben-
ton 's geographical reading, Jet me add a few more
authorities.
First and foremost, and most reliable, is Austin's
map. I have it as published by Tanner, in Phila-
delphia, in 1837. It was " compiled by Stephen
F. Austin," "from surveys by General Teran of
the Mexican army;" and is still, I believe, the
most correct map of Texas extant. It gives the
Nueces as the western boundary of Texas, as far
up as the sources of that river; and thence north-
ward to Red river, and making that river the north-
ern boundaiy. More recent editions of Tanner's
map, "compiled by Stephen F. Austin," have re-
moved the boundary to the Rio Grande, by color-
ing, while the engraved line remains the same,
making a curious piece of contradictory patch-
work. I have here a specimen of this, published
in 1846.
Dr. Jedediah Morse's Universal Geography,
Boston edition, 1812, pages 612 and 613, describing
New Spain, says:
" Previous to 1776, the country was subdivided
as follows." And here he gives substantially the
samedivisionsas Humboldt, Pinkerton, and Malte
Brun. In enumerating the ancient divisions he
says:
"5. Province of Texas, north of nver Nueces.
"6. Piovince of Coahuila, westof Texas and Santander."
Encyclopedia of Geography, by Hugh Murray
and others, Edinburgh, says:
" The State of Tainauhpas, consisting of the former col-
ony of New Santandei, occupies the whole coast from the
rivei Panuco to the Nucccs.'"
Tanner's large map of North America, publish-
ed in Philadelphia in 1822, includes all Texas in
the intendancy of San Luis Potosi, as part of New
Spain.
The American Atlas, published in Philadelphia
in 1822, includes all Texas in the intendancy of
San Luis Potosi, as Humboldt and Pinkerton both
do. Like them, too, the north line of Texas is
some distance south of Red river, and the western
line east of the Nueces, except near the mouth,
where it follows that river. It only differs from
Humboldt and Pinkerton in making the Sabine the
eastern boundary, as it should do, for so it had
been made by the treaty of 1819.
The American Atlas, published in Boston in
1839, copies Austin's map, published by Tanner,
which makes the Nueces the western boundary,
the Red river the northern, and the Sabine the
eastern.
Mitchell's great map, Philadelphia, 1834, which
may be seen in the library, makes the Nueces the
western boundary of Texas, and Red river the
northern.
Black's General Atlas, published in F.dinburgh in
1840, agrees also with Austin's map and Mitchell's,
as to the limits of Texas.
The attempt to acquire Spanish territory on our
southwest, both by negotiation and by more rep-
rehensible means, is no new thing. It may be in-
teresting to notice, briefly, some of these attempts.
The first I am aware of was the scheme of Genet,
the French Minister, during Washington's admin-
istration. He was then in Philadelphia, where he
concerted a plan of sending a body of men down
the Ohio from Pittsburg. Washington's procla-
mation stopped him.
Next, we hear of the arrival of General Miranda
in this country in 1798. His scheme, we believe,
was to revolutionize all Mexico, for which pur-
pose he sought aid in this country and in England.
His subsequent unsuccessful attempt upon the
Spanish mam is well known.
The agitation of these schemes led the way to
Burr's project. His ambition for the Presidency
having been disappointed, he sought to carve out
a magnificent empire for himself upon the north-
ern shores of the Gulf of Mexico, taking Florida
and Texas from Spain, and as much of £ouisiana
and of the western States and Territories of the
Union as he could induce to join his standard.
The purchase of Louisiana from France in 1803,
put an end to these schemes for a few years, there
being no collision on the southwestern fromierex-
cept that between General Wilkinson and General
Herrera, in 1806. But, meantime, the neutral ter-
ritory agreed on by them was encroached upon by
settlers from the United States, some of whom
went over the Sabine, to. the old town of Nacog-
doches and vicinity. Some portion of this terri-
tory having become the resort of a desperate band
of robbers and outlaws, Lieutenant Magee, of the
United States army, was sent with a detachment
of troops to capture or dislodge them. He suc-
ceeded, but soon after resigned his commission,
and got up an expedition of his own into the Span-
ish territory, in which he is said to have inlisted
most of these same outlaws, and others, to the
number of five hundred, with whom he penetrated
as far as Goliad, on the San Antonio, where he ef-
fectually resisted General Salcedo for some months,
but was finally defeated with great slaughter by
General Arredondo, who showed no quarter, and
was justified in doing so under the circumstances;
for the invaders had been guilty of most monstrous
outrages, among which were the shooting of their
prisoners. General Herrera himself, Colonel Cor-
dero, and a body of Spanish officers, who were
taken by surprise, had been shot in cold blood by
Magee's party, who now, in turn, received no
mercy, and were nearly exterminated. These mur-
ders were said to bo perpetrated by order of Ber-
nardo Gutierrez, a Spanish officer who had joined
Magee.
In 1817 the noted pirate Lafitte, took posses-
sion of the island of Galveston, from which point
he carried on his depredations. He is said to have
had in his possession at one time nearly twenty
vessels, which he had captured.
1818. Party of French refugees, under General
Salleman, went up Trinity river, and took posses-
sion of a district of country. Spanish force sent
to conquer them; they fled; many of them said to
have joined Lafitte at Galveston.
The next in order, I believe, was General Long's
expedition, which it is neccssary to treat somewhat
more in detail, because it has frequently, on this
floor, been made the foundation of an argument in
favor of Texas annexation. To show what the
nature of this argument is, I will quote from the
speech of the gentleman from the eastern district
of Texas, [Mr. Kaufman,] delivered at the last
session, but which has not, till recently, fallen un-
der my notice.
Extract from the speech of Mr. Kaufman, of Texas, Juno
SU, 1846.
"Enough has been read to show conclusivclv that the
ancient limits and boundary of Texas was the Rio Giande.
But thi< coiinir> was ceded in 1819 to Spun. However
binding this tieaty niay have been considered hy the United
States, jet, its b.:ing made without the consent.of the people
of Tf-xas, it was a palpable mfi action ot that provision of
the Louisiana treaty of 1**0.1 which declared that ' the m-
1 habitants ol the ceded tenitory s.hall he incorporated into
' the United State.®, and admitted as s*oon as possible, accord-
ing to the principles of the Federal Constitution, to the^
' enjoyment of all the rights, advantage*-, and immunities of
'citizens of the United State*,' and, therefoie, aceoiding to
reason and authority, null and void; at Jea?>t it was not
binding, t-xcept by the. power of force, on the disfranchised
citizens of Texas. Not only did that people not consent to
the hurrender, but they sent forth, at old and time-honored
Nacogdoches, an eloquent protest and remon^ti ance, }>ro-
nunciumento, and declared they would not consent to be
subjects ol the prie*t-riddon monaichy of Spam, and they
never did submit to that degradation. " That protest was in
the name of all Ttxas^ throughout its ancient limits, and it
fully woiihy of being copied at length. If is as follows:
" Dec'aration of the Independence of Texas.
"The Louisiana Herald contains a copy of a declaration
issued on the 23d June, 1819, by the Supreme Council of the
Repubhe of Texas. The following extracts contain all that
would be interesting to the American reader:
'v The citizens of Texas have long indulged the hope that,
j in the adjustment of the boundaues of the Spanish poises
i vjons in America, and of the territories of the United States,
they should be included within the limits of the latter. The
claims of the United States, long and strenuously urged,
i cncouragcd this hope. An expectation so iiatterino pre-
1 vented any effectual effort to throw off the yoke of Spanish
authority, though it could not restrain some unavailing
' rebellion against an odious tyranny. The recent treaty
j between Spam and the United States of America has dissi-
I pated an illusion too long fondly eheushed, and has roused
1 the citizens ot Texas from their torpor, in which a fancied
