1847.] '
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
'29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Ashnun.
Ho. of Reps.
sition among a portion of the party to resist the ;
iniquity; ancl the spirit that still burns there gives j
hope of a better day for her. j
These apprehensions were attempted to be qui- ;
eted by assurances from high quarters that war
would not follow. One of the most remarkable
vouchers was given on this floor by the person
who was then, as he is now, chairman of the Com-
mittee of Foreign Affairs, [Mr. G. J. Ingersoll.]
It was by him that the original resolutions for the
annexation ofTexas were inuotluced in this House;
and upon that occasion he madeaspeech,iri which,
among other things, he labored to quiet all fears of
war. On that day, February 3, 1845, he said:
"Although the public correspondence between the
4 two North American republics hns become an-
'gry5 I am happy to be authorized to assure this
{ House, that those best acquainted with the true
* state of things apprehend little or no danger of
6 war. The main smew of war—money, will heal
'the breach, and end the controversy amicably.
1 It affords me great satisfaction to be authorized to
4 state, that hostilities aie not probable with Mexi-
* co." 3*
Here, it is to be observed, is a person speaking
by authority, and how great that authority is, we
can in some measure comprehend, when we re
member that a few* days since he announced to us
that he was the adviser of the President, in relation i
to the movement of the army; that he was the au-
thor of the war preamble; and from his position
as chairman of Foreign Affairs, he may be well
supposed to express the views of the President
upon this floor. He was " authorized"—mark the
phrase—to assure the country that money would
settle all difficulties! And in this manner the peo-
ple were lulled into the delusion that peace would
continue; and in that Hope Texas was admitted.
How bitterly has that, hope been destroyed1 War
has come, but the false prophecy and assurance
stands on the record.
One of the principal immediate causes of the
war was the question of boundary between Texas
and Mexico. The admission of Texas into the ;
Union brought that controversy upon our hands, !
and it was the attempt of the President to settle ,
' that question by the power of the swoid that light- 1
ed up the fires. Upon that question, also, in the ,
early stages of the annexation movement, the |
Whigs of the country felt and expressed appro- ;
hensioii; and upon that, in like manner, did we
have similar oracular and authoritative statements,
calculated to quiet our fears. Mr. Denton, who
was the great leader in the Senate, and the same
chairman of Foreign Affaiis in the House, made
formal and solemn declarations in their places, that
the boundary was the great desert between the j
Nueces and the Rio Grande. Mr. Benton, in his j
speech of May 16, 1844, denounced the attempt to j
claim the Rio Grande as a boundary in the most
indignant terms, and offered the following resolu-
tion, as expressive of his sense of the outrage:
" Resolved, That the uicoipoiation of the h'ft iuutk o( the'
llio del Noite into the American union, by viitue <>t a treaty
witii TVxa?, conijnelK'WlinKj a^ the sdid inooipoiiiuou
And Mr. B. also proceeded to demonstrate these >
four propositions in relation to it, viz:
Mr. Wi^e, and a few Opposition mcmlnns of Conuie-'s aia
in favor of it, hut tliey have liui strength enough to do any
haiin.
From the Jllbany Uh'gus, Mui/ 11, 1844.
The Washington Spectatoi, Mr. CalhonnS oigan, while
landing Commodore Stewart's letter in lavoi of the imme-
diate anni-'XKtion of Texas, alludes to the ptohahiht) of a war
with Mexico in a tone oi levit}. if not of joy ! It would Ik;
wet! lorf.u< Si politicians to lemember taatuansnot jk pop-
ular as in foi nu i nnic>. I'eople hegin to reflect and eonip.ne
its results, betore thev phutee into it* mwnes. 3t us per-
ceived that wais, undeiuken for the extension of dominion,
exalt tiie leaders and nianatrei,-, while theyeiubh and im-
poverish the masses. The ti«ippmij;s of the v, at~hoi&<, and
the glitter of aimed legions, tickle the fancy and plea.-e the
. e>e, but the people see tnat they place a leaden weight upon
the hand of honest labor. It is foi tins leason tnat tine
statesmen rcgatd vvai<, undi'ilaken for such s-elfi-li pmpot.es,
sua one of the gieate^t evil-s that can inflict a country.
From the N. H. PalriU, May, 18-14.
Slavery, and the defence of elaveiy, form the contiolnng
consolidation^ urged in favor of the tteatv [of annexation]
by lho-u! w ho have been engflgt'd in its negotiation, j. o these
documes, w e can never sullen be ; and wheiK'vrr they are
offensively urged upon the tree States, they dcseive to be
pointedly rebuked.
" 1. That the ratification of the treaty would be, of itself,
war4|>etwee  tiie United States and Mexico.
<k2. That it would be an unjust war.
"3. That it would be war unconditionally made.
"4. That it would be war upon a weak and groundless
pretext."
These are Mr. Benfon's own words; and how
marvellously they resemble those which, now that
war has come, we are in the habit of using concern-
ing it! The war has grown out of this very ques-
tion of boundary, and yet the distinguished gentle-
man who uttered these most just and righteous
sentiments, is the person whom Mr. Polk has
selected to be lieutenant general of the armies that
are to wage it.
Again, on June 10, 1844, when Mr. Benton in-
troduced his bill for the annexation of Texas, he
spoke as follows:
"The desert, prairie to the west of the Rio Nueces (Wal-
nut river) is The boundaiy pointed out by the finger of na-
tuie, agreed upon bv eminent sl,U"-'nien as proper for Olir-
=elves, and written down in the hook of fate and tlio law of
nature, as tin: tine and permanent boundary between the
two first powers ot the new world. The Rio Giande is a
Mexican river !iv position and possession, ancl to the Mexi-
cans may it tbiever belon? !"
Nothing surely could be more clear and em-
phatic, unless, perhaps, the statement of the same j
position by the chairman of Foreign Affaiis in this j
House. On the 3d of February, 1843, he intro- |
dueed his resolutions, and spoke in explanation of
them; and, on the subject of the boundary, said: |
"The stupendous deserts between the Nueces and the [
Bravo rivers aie the natural boundaries between (lie Ansrlo-
Sa\on and the, Mauritania!! races. There ends the valley i
of the We«t. There Mexico beqins, Thenee, hevond the j
Jiravo, begins the Moorish people ami their Indian a-'soci- .
ates, to whom Mexico properlv belongs; who r-hould not
cross that vast desert if thev could, as wo, on onr side, ton,
ousht to stop there, because int-rininable conflicts must !
ensue our ffnini; south, or their coinim.' north, of that trittan-
tie boundary. While peace ?s ehertihrtK that loionlartivilll-c j
sacred. Not Ul] './lir/l of < o\:;'-v.-t ra«es, will the people
on either side molest or nn\ with each other; and when- 1
ever lliev do. one or the othei races must lie conquered, if i
not extinguished.1' i
Here, Mr. Chairman, we see again an official j
declaration of this boundary made to quiet all fear
that our relations with Mexico would be disturbed
by claiming to the Rio Grande. And we sec, also, |
the spirit fit" prophecy proclaiming, in tones of sol-
emn warning, that while, peace is cherished, the
desert will be held sacred as a boundary; that not
till the spirit of conquest rages, will the people, on
either side of it molest or mix with each other.
Sir, it is because peace is no longer cherished, that I
the houndary is not held sacred. It is because the
barbarous spirit of conquest does rage.that those,
who ate now in power have, sent our armies across
that desert to gratify the. burning lust of acquisi-
tion and dominion. Yes, sir, if the spirit that
animated this declaration could still have, controlled
the councils of the President, we should now bo in
the enjoyment of peace, lhit mark' how the lapse,
of a few months bunas with it a change of opin-
ions to suit the changing purposes of party and of
men. We were called upon, a few days since, by
this same chairman, to print some extra copies of
a report, made at the last session by him, on the
subject of the Mexican war. It had fallen dead
upon the attention of the country, but, by the, vote
to print, it was elevated to a degree, of distinction
which alone entitles it to attention; and T accord-
ingly have run through its voluminous pages; and
I was not surpiised to find a paraguiph upon this
subject of boundary, so entiiely contradictory of
everything 'contained in the above extract, that it
is worthy of being collated and contrasted. It is
on the 44th page, and is as follows:
<' Present Polk had no rr>mt}tutional 1 i"ht to slop sliort of
the Hravo; and, in tiutli, the pio'. ince of Texas extended to
that livei bvteiritorial continuation, which natuie itscit lias
icndeied the limitary dcmai cation of that legion."
If any explanation is demanded of the palpable
inconsistency between these two official exposi-
tions by the'snme person, of the natural and legal
boundary, I enn only say. that, one. was made
before the annexation of Texas, to induce us to
believe there would be ho war; and the other is
made after war has actually come, for the purpose
of justifying it. It is one of the many proofs of
the facile clinnge of partisan positions, where there
is no principle to control them.
It was, then, this question of boundaiy which
;l Texas brought with her, and the attempt to settle
|j it by the, swoid, that, involved us in this war. As
, t0 t|le historical and geographical view of the bound-
ary question, I have no time now to consider it.
Much argument and evidence has been expended
upon it by others, and particularly by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Severance,] who has pre-
ceded me this morning. It will all be read and un-
derstood by the people. My object has been, more
particularly, to show that annexation brought war
in spite of the deceptive and hollow statements
and assurances, which Democratic leaders held out
to pave the way for the admission of Texas. Is
there a man in the nation who believes that we
should now be in war; that thousands of our coun-
trymen would now be dead and dying in a foreign
land; that our treasury would be bankrupt, and
all the pursuits of peaceful life be disturbed, if, in
a fatal hour,-the opposition to that measure bad
not been defeated ?
But it is pretended that, independent of the all-
embarrassing questions growing out of the Texas
measure, we had strong and sufficient causes of
war against Mexico; and that, on account of those
causes, this war is to be justified. It would bo
enough, without going into an examination of those
old difficulties, to answer, that they are an after-
thought, in this connexion. We did not declare war
against Mexico 011 account of ancicnt grievances.
The'President, in his war message of May 11,
1845, did not ask us to do it. He only asked that
we should admit that war existed. He did not call
upon us to go to war to avenge those wrongs.
The act which we passed did not declare any such
thing; and when some of the Democractic mem-
bers" more bold than the rest, proposed to ingraft
such a declaration upon the act, it was promptly
voted down. sir; war grew out of the Texas
measure, and the unconstitutional conduct of the
President in his attempt to settle'the disputes be-
tween us and Mexico by force of arms, without
the sanction or knowledge of Congress, and at a
time, too, when Congress was ill session.
But, sir, I proceed to consider my next proposi-
tion, viz., that this war is now carried on for the
purposes of conquest. Wc have got icxas by
such management, as the world knows, and now
we are, by the teirors and horrors of war, pushing
011 to tho'bold and finable dismemberment of the
territories of a sister republic. One acquisition has
given us an anputite for another; the commission
of one crime is leading us to another of darker dytf
and deeper guilt. _ _
In the early days of the war, this intention or
conquering for the purpose of acquisition, was not
openly avowed. It was charged upon the Admin-
istration, but not by them admitted. We all re-
member that the first light which broke upon the
country, cle.ulv demonstiatiug this plan, was the
i letter of Mr. Marcy to Jonathan D. Stevenson,
t authorizing an expedition to California. In that
document conquest and colonization, and subse-
quent annexation, shone out in clear colors, flow
it came to be published is yet a mystery; for it
bears upon its face ample evidence that it, and its
purposes, were not intended for the public eye, as
it cautions Mr. Stevenson against its being pub-
licly known. Twill read one extract: "It is, how-
' ever, vtrij desirable (says Mr. Marcy) thai It should
' not be i>id)He,ly i< n<"ra, or protlultned, that ilicy aie
' to go to any particular place. On this point great
' million is enjoined.'" What is now openly avow-
ed was then cautiously conce.-ilcd; and it was not
till the last week of the last session, when the
President sent a message, asking for two^ millions
of dollars, that the intentions of the Executive
Hashed upon us. From that time confessions have
gradually grown into bold avowals; and the war
now stands before the world, with our flag flaunting
in the face of mankind, with " Conquest !" " Cox-
QrissT 1''* emblazoned on eveiy iold. Is it necessary
to cite evidence upon this point.' The movements
of our troops, the measuies and official declarations
of the Administration, and the speeches of Ocmo-
ciatic members of both Houses, all proclaim it. A
few selections from the latter will answer all my
present purposes. At the very beginning of the
session a member from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
who may well be supposed to have the confidence
of the lixecutive, announced to us that the annexa-
tion of California was " to be the great measure of
the ace." At a. later stage of the debate, a Demo-
cratic gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. ITedivger,]
Vv ith fervor expressed his trust, in ]Iea>em- m
these words:
