1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
29th Cong 2d Sess.
General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Daniel P. King.
Ho. of Heps.
trymen goes up to Heaven, it is only answered by
the echo, coming from the capital of the nation,
proclaiming that their country hears of no calamity!
And to the many widows throughout the land,
who are bending with grief over children suddenly
made fatherless, with cheeks furrowed by scalding
tears, with hearts broken, affections crushed, and
hopes ruined, and whose homes are filled with
mourning, lamentation, and wo, our country sends
only the insulting exclamation, that it has heard of
no calamity!
Sir, I have heard in this Hall many monstrous
declarations, but surely its echoes never wrung to
one of rival barbarity. I stand here to denounce
it as unworthy the age in which we life, and fit
.only to belong to a Government upon whose stand-
ard is written—"Conquest, havoc, and spoil, are our
gaiti."
I come now to consider my third proposition,
viz: that after the conquest has been consummated,
and Mexico, by the power of war, has yielded us
a share of her provinces, the purpose is to extend !
the institution of slavery over them, there to exist i
as an element of political power in the Union.
This, sir, is a most momentous topic, and calls for
the exercise of calmness, wisdom, and firmness.
It is a subject that must be discussed. It ought
not to be and cannot be avoided, so long as this
project of increase of territory is agitated. It has
already been met by some of the gentlemen who
represent slave States in a spirit of frankness that
shows their willingness to have it settled. The
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Dargan,] and also
the one from South Carolina, [Mr. Btjrt,] who first
addressed the House upon this topic, while they
manifested a firm determination to stand by, what
they deem, the rights and interests of the South,
agree that now is the time to dispose of a question i
of so much portent. Procrastination will only in- i
crease the evil, and the difficulties with which it is
surrounded. But I greatly fear that in this respect
we are to be disappointed; and I take this oppor-
tunity to warn the country, who are looking with
deep anxiety upon the progress of this matter, that
a mighty effort is at this moment making to stave
it off. The Executive, its organ here, and its lesser
organs elsewhere, are all working daily and nightly
for this purpose. Public signs and private assu-
rances leave nothing to doubt upon this point. All
the appliances by which the Administration usually
accomplish their purposes are brought to bear upon
members of this House; the purchasing seductions
of Executive patronage, the'denunciations of the
organ, and the terrors of party proscription, are
alternately tried, and I fear their influence. "We
have seen before, in the instance of Texan annex-
ation, northern Democracy readily turning a most
loud-mouthed opposition into an equally vocifer-
ous support of one southern scheme; and now,
.although Democratic representatives from the free
States have, during the whole session, seemed to
be almost ready to dissolve the Union, rather than
lose the Wilmot proviso, I must be permitted to
express great doubts of their future course. The
cry is, that this subject of slavery must not be
agitated, because the harmony of the Democratic
party is in danger; and that cry has great potency. 11
In what form this subject is to be evaded I am not
quite sure; whether by the sudden springing of the !;
previous question, in which so much skill is dis- j>
played on the other side of the House, when it is j
desirable for them to avoid a direct vote, or by i!
declaring the amendment to be out of order, as in j|
the case of the loan bill; but that some similar par- j
Hameutary jugglery will be tried there is no doubt. 'I
But however that may be, and whatever the result
of such a manoeuvre may be, it is my duty to speak ! j
out the sentiments of the people whom I represent |i
on this subject. _ (|
Sir, the people of the North are neither fanatics 1
nor disunionists. They do not desire, in any j
manner, to intermeddle in any question which con-!
cerns simply the internal policy, or the domestic ;
State institutions, of the slave States. I speak ,
now not for a class of men, who may be found on
both sides of Mason and Dixon's line in equal !
numbers, who disregard all law, all constitutions; j
but I speak for the great mass of the people, of all |
political or religious divisions. They are a law j
and Constitution-loving people; and while they [
condemn slavery, in whatever form it exists, they j
know full well that, under our Constitution, they j
have no political power over it, so long as it is
kept within the limits of those States which choose
to tolerate it. It is there, for good or evil, beyond
their reach; and although they believe, as I do,
that, in the providence of God—when, and how,
is veiled in clouds and darkness—the time will
come when the chains shall drop from every hu-
man being in the land; yet, so long as it exists,
except in districts and territories over which we
exercise exclusive legislation, this Government
cannot touch it. They are willing and anxious to
stand by the Constitution as it wasgiven*to us by
our fathers; and however much*they may regret
some of what are called its compromises, they will
stand by it. But when you set on foot a series of
measures which have for their object and end an
extension of slavery as an element of political
powers—when you attempt to bring in foreign
territory, and give it a slave representation in the
Congress of the Union, so that the interests of the
free States are to be outvoted and overpowered
here, they would be false to all their duty if they
did not resist it at every step. We have seen the
annexation of Texas planned and set on font for
the avowed purpose of protecting slavery and ex-
tending its power, and the powers of the General
Government invoked and used to accomplish it.
This was openly avowed by the Secretary, Mr.
Calhoun, who negotiated the treaty of annexation;
but, from the many passages in the public docu-
ments which show this, I will only quote a single
one from his letter to Mr. Pakenham, in which he
says:
"Themeasure (annexation treaty) was adopted with the
mutual consent, and for the mutual and permanent welfare,
of the two commies interested. It was made neeessaiy in
order to preserve domestio is'stitutions, placed under
the guarantee of their respective constitutions, and deemed
essential to their safety and prosperity."
It was also manifested by the author of the
Texas resolutions in this House, a Democrat from
a free State, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.] In the same
speech, of February 3d, 1845, already referred to,
he said: " It is undeniable, however, that southern
interest?, southern frontiers, southern institutions, I
mean slavery a>\tl all, are to be regarded in settling the
restoration of Texas."
The people of the free States have seen and felt
all this; they have seen for half a century the
powers of this Government swsayed and controlled
by the slave power, and now they have seen the
system of protection to free labor destroyed by
the votes of Texan Senators, whom that measure j
brought here just in season to give the fatal blow;
for without their votes the tariff of 1842 could not
have been repealed. With slavery, then, as it
manifests its power in the operations of the Federal
Government, and as it seeks to extend its <jrim
front beyond the States in which it now exists,
the people of the free States have some concern,
and will endeavor to exercise some interference.
You now seek to acquire territory to make at least
a dozen more States: and think you that they are
to fold their arms, and slumber over the inevitable
tendency of your measures? I tell you that they
will not do it. They are fully waked up to the
danger of the hour, and wo to that man of their
representatives who is false to his trust and to
their expectations. Those who representthe south-
ern States openly declare that they cxpect slavery ;j
to exist in any newly acquired region on our J
southwestern frontier; and the present Adminis- jj
tration, elected as it was to promote southern j:
views, is laboring to prevent us from adopting;, at !j
this time, a legislative declaration that slavery !
shall not exist there. Our duty, then, is to make ji
resistance at every step. If we do not succeed at !'
this time in fixing upon some hill which must be-
come a law, the proviso excluding; slavery, I fear ij
it will be too late to do it afterwards. I confess 'j
that my faith in success has, within a few days, ij
been much weakened, and am constrained to say, ji
that we must not expect any aid from the sup- h
porters of this Administration. The President;!
has, with great apparent earnestness, asked us for J
an appropriation of money to enable him to make f
peace with Mexico, and bills giving1 him three i
millions of dollars have been reported in both j
branches. Under one pretext and another, those |
bills have been delayed, in order to let the war- j
supply measures obtain the precedence. It is j
upon thevse bills that the Wilmot proviso is expect- 1
ed to be ingrafted. But let me make one prophe-1
cy. If by any good fortune it should be so
ingrafted, the bill will be allowed by the Democratic
party to fail! The Administration will not take
the millions for peace, if they are accompanied by
this restriction upon tfee extension of slavery !
But, in conclusion, let me say to my southern
friends, in all frankness, that we of the North -want
no more territory, whether acquired by purchase or
conquered by war. As you unroll the map of the
world, see, see how broadly our domain spreads
over it now! The waters of the Atlantic on the
east, and of the Pacific on the west, alone hold us
in their embrace. Our latitudes give us every
variety of climate, from the burning tropics to the
barren and icy regions of the northwest; and our
rivers, which take their rise in regions of perpetual
snows, journeying thousands of miles to the ocean,
empty themselves in regions of perennial flowers.
Millions of acres of soil, unsurpassed in fertility, un-
occupied, still invite the care of the husbandman ;
and minerals, piled mountain-high, stand ready to
open to the blow of enterprise; while our commerce
penetrates every corner of the globe where the habi-
tation of man can be found. Our population is
increasing almost beyond the power of calculation;
and we have a Constitution, if we will but sustain
it, which is adequate to all the high ends of a free
Government. What want we more to make us a
happy and a glorious nation?
Let us put a stop to this war of conquest. Let
us starve out this appetite for acquisition of terri-
tory. Let us take away the temptation that now
inflames the lust of dominion. Let us shrink back
from the stupendous crime of making the shores of
the Pacific ring to the clank of chains forged by a
free people for their fellow men! Let us stand by
our country as it is. Let us devote ourselves to
the great pursuits of peace, which alone are the
paths of safety for a republic, and we may then
feel that we have avoided that rock upon which
others have been wrecked; and that, although
O'er thiee quarter? of the groaning globe
The name of Commonwealth is past and gone,
the rich inheritance which has come down to us
will be yielded up to those who come after, secure
and unimpaired!
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. D. P. KING,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 4, 1847.
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the General Appropriation Bill being
under consideration—
Mr. DANIEL P. KING said:
Mr. Chairman : The question before the com-
mittee is, on the motion of a Democratic member,
to strike out the item for the payment of the annual
salary of the President of the United States. If a
Whig had made the motion, he might be accused
of affording aid and comfort to the enemy. Mr.
K. could not advocate that measure; for, of all men
in the country, the President, m this hour of his
extremity, most needs the aid and comfort of his
friends. To deprive him of his salary would be
cold comfort to him.
But you, Mr. Chairman, who have been an at-
tentive member since I first had a scat in this Hall,
know that I have seldom addressed the House, ex-
cept with the purpose of affording aid and comfort
to some of the many deserving citizens who have
suffered from the tardy justice of their country.
My object in rising is to propose the following
amendment:
"To supply deficiencies in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, twelve thousand dol-
lars."
As briefly, sir, as possible, I will state the
claims of these hardy sons of the ocean to the
liberality and justice of the country. Their claims
have been too much neglected, and their merits too
much underrated. But two days ago, I proposed
an amendment to the pension bill for paying to the
wounded and disabled privateersmen of the last war
with Great Britain, the pensions from the fund
raised by a per centage on the prizes taken by
them, and pledged to them during life by the law
of June 26th, 1812; and I enforced their honest
