294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
~29th Cong 2d Sess. General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Daniel F. King
Ho. of Reps.
claim by all the arguments I could command. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
opposed the motion, and it was rejected by the
House; and these poor maimed sailors, who fought
bravely and successfully foR-their country in their
youth, in their old age and poverty are denied all
relief by the present Congress.
In the last year's general appropriation bill, I
proposed an amendment giving twenty-five thou-
sand dollars to supply deficiencies in the marine
hospital fund. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, always desirous of saving the
people's money for the uses of the people's Gov-
ernment, Strenuously opposed the measure; but
the House, actuated by a sense of justice, after a
full discussion, adopted the amendment, and it be-
came a law. The same necessity for an appropri-
ation now exists, and it shall be my endeavor to
satisfy the committee that justice and good policy
demand it. For more than forty years this annual
appropriation has been made, and 110 money has
been better applied or more gratefully received.
Now, when by the bad policy of the Administra-
tion the revenue has been diminished, and the ex-
penses of the Government much increased by a
war which I consider wanton and unnecessary,
these poor, sick, and disabled sailors must be put
on half allowance, and, instead of the usual appro-
priation of twenty-five thousand, it is proposed, as
more likely to sectire the favor of the committee,
to give them twelve thousand dollars. If you will
allow the money to be expended where it is collect-
ed, Massachusetts sailors will ask for themselves
nothing more; but, with a characteristic generosity,
they desire that relief may be extended to their
suffering shipmates wherever they may chance to
be overtaken by sickness and misfortune. The
expense of maintenance and medical attendance is
much less in the northern than in the southern
hospitals. The sailors do not complain of the tax
laid by the Government upon them, but they want
that it should be honestly and fairly expended; if
the amount of tax is not sufficient, increase it; but
do not deprive them of their hard-earned rights.
Individuals of them may have contributed, with-
out complaining, for twenty or thirty years to this
fund, without needirg relief. When by sickness
or accident they are now in want of its aid, it is de-
nied them, because the fund is for the time insuf-
ficient. The amount collected in 1844 was $85,037;
the amount expended, $ 109,541; the number of sail-
ors icheved, 7,000; of those, 7v-)0 received relief m
Massachusetts, where the amount collected was
$34,271; the amount expanded, ^11 You can
remedy the evil by an annual appiopnation; you
can try the experiment, for wild experiments in
legislation are the order of the day, by providing
by law that no sailor shall be afflicted by sickness
or accident fiom the first day of January to the fust
day of April, annually. The experiment would
probably fad, but a prudent and paternal Govern-
ment would not fail to make the piovision contem-
plated by this amendment.
By a Jaw parsed July 16th, 1798, it was provi-
ded that all masters of vessels arriving from foreign
ports shall, previous to the entry of their vessels,
pay to the colleeter of the customs a sum equal to
twentv cents per month, for every seaman em-
ployed on board their vessels; which sums they
were authorized to retain from the wages of such
seamen. Provisions nearly the same have been
made in relation to persons engaged in the coasting
and inland trade; and the several collectors are re-
quired to make quarterly returns to the Secretary
of the Treasui y; and, ft otn the money so coileLtccf,
provision is made for the temporary relief (not ex-
rrnlin^ four months) of sick and disabled seamen
in hospitals, or such other places as may be pro-
vided.
Seafaring men are proverbially improvident; in
their generosity, they would divide their last dollar
with a suffering shipmate or brother tar. Many
of them have no abiding nome—they are citizens
of the United States, and have no particular claim
on any municipality for relief. When overtaken
by disease or poverty, they ate the proper subjects
of national chanty. It would not be improper,
then, that the needy and alllictcd of their number
should be provided for by the General Govern-
ment. Instead of doing so, you have enacted laws,
without their consent, to compel them to provide for
their own poor. This provision has been found,
by long experience, to be insufficient. Until you
have madeit sufficient, do not justice and liberality
require that you should supply the deficiency? -A-ircd
what class of our citizens are better entitled to the
bounty of the Government? They brave the dan-
gers of the ocean and the storm, that you may en-
joy the luxuries of foreign climes. They are the
instruments of bringing into the country the goods
and merchandise, from the duties on which you
derive almost all your national revenues. Gener-
ous themselves, they will appreciate the generosity
of the Government, and love their country all the
better for its kitfd, and not unmerited, provision
for them.
[Mr. K. made other statements to show the ne-
cessity and propriety of this allowance, and said
he was satisfied that the House would afford this
aid and comfort; and at this easy price, secure the
gratitude of many sailors in all portions of the
country. This item was added to the bill.]
In considering this bill, it has always been held
to be in order to discuss the state of the Union
generally. On the 1,3th of May last, a law was
passed declaring that, " by the act of the Republic
of Mexico, a state of war exists between that Gov-
ernment and the United States;" and, for the pro-
secution of the war to a speedy and successful ter-
mination, the President was authorized to employ
the militia, naval, and military forces of the United
States, and to call for and accept fifty thousand vol-
unteers; and ten millions of dollars were appropri-
ated. Believing that war did not exist by the act
of Mexico, and that the war was unjust, inexpe-
dient, and wanton, I voted against the measure;
and from that day to this, although I have been
assailed by the minions of Executive power, and
the defenders of Executive usurpation, in this
House and out of the House—although I have
been stigmatized as a coward and a traitor by
a venal party press, here and elsewhere, I have
sought no opportunity of denying, explaining, ex-
cusing, or retracting my position. I voted against
the war because I then thought it unconstitutional,
unnecessary, and unjust; and I still think it so. ^ In
my judgment, this war was bad in its inception,
has'been had in its progress, and nothing but evil
can be its consequences. A treaty might have
been made, and peace secured, without recourse to
those last, worst arguments, the cannon, the sword,
and the bayonet; but the object desired was, not
peacc with Mexico, but a piece of Mexico. I may
have erred in my judgment, but such was, and
such remains, my honest conviction. In a minor-
ity of fourteen, I voted against this war upon a
feeble and distracted, a priest-ridden and faction-
torn, sister Republic. For this we have been de-
nounced as traitors and cowards. If an earnest de-
sire to save my country from ruin and disgrace be
treason, then am I a traitor; if the fear to do wrong
make a man a coward, then I am a coward. I will
make no empty boast of an ardent love of country,
but I mean that my life and conduct shall manifest
it. I hear many men talk of their willingness to
shed the last drop of blood in this Mexican war,
but most of them aro careful not to expose them-
selves where they may shed the first drop.
I will maintain and defend my country with the
best effort of my feeble power when she is right,
and when I think she is on the wrong track, I will
exert my best efforts to get her on the right. He is
the coward who is afraid to stand up manfully for
truth, justice, and liberty. He is a coward whose
voice sticks in his throat when danger, disgrace,
and ruin threaten his country; who is afraid to
raise his cry and sound the alarm when the Union
and the Constitution arc in imminent peril. He is
a traitor who, for hope of reward, for party ag-
grandizement, or Executive f-ivor, sells his own
\\ integrity, and betrays the honor and true interests
I! of the country.
- The question whether "the immortal fourteen,"
'I as they have been so often sneeringly denominated,
i1 are indeed cowards and traitors—whether they are
right or wrong, they, I think, will be willing to
submit to the^decision of coming times and after
generations. From the decision of good and wise
men and true patriots, even now, I shall take no
appeal. If the gentlemen, with whom I have the
honor to be associated in this impeachment made
by the commander-in-chief of the naval and milita-
ry forces, and by his retainers and partisans, the
Trays, Blanches, and Sweethearts, who have duti-
fully joined in the cry, ask for another day and a
new hearing; if they appeal from the decision of
a few men, mad with the din of war, and drunk
with a surfeit of blood, and thirsting for more, I
can only advise them to call for witnesses as to the
origin, propriety, and necessity of this war—such
statesmen as Van Buren, Calhoun, Benton, and
many others, once good enough Democrats, but
now in danger of being turned over to the Federal
side. By this charge of treason, I have been often
amused, but never disturbed or annoyed. The
President—in his message of December 8th, that
same j^iost remarkable of all political fictions, says;
" It is a subject of congratulation that there has been
< noperiodin our past history when all the elements
4 of national prosperity have been so fully devel-
' oped. Since your last session, no afflicting dis-
* pensation, has visited our country!"—the succes-
sor of Washington—but with what immense differ-
ence of dignity !—accuses those who represent this
war as unjust and unnecessary, of giving u aid and
comfort" to the enemy. I am not accountable to
the President for my opinions or my votes. My
voice is free, and so shall be my vote. I do not
submit to his dictation. I was sent here to exer-
cisc my independent judgment, not to be the mere
instrument of registering the Executive will. I
do, however, acknowledge my accountability to
my constituents. Since this accusation was made
by the President, the people, by their verdict,
have decided whether they think me a traitor or a*
true man. In an election held on the 28th of that
same month of December, the President's cry of
" aid and comfort," echoed by the party press, yet
ringing in their ears, the people of my district have
reelected me by more than two thousand votes
over my miscalled Democratic competitor. From
this decision, I can have no desire to take an ap-
peal. It is worthy of remark, that all others of the
calumniated fourteen, who were candidates, have
been reflected.
I have opposed this war thus far—this Execu-
tive war, as it must forever be denominated—and
I can vote for no measure connected with it which
is not designed fonts speedy termination. On the
16th July last, to the hill authorizing a loan of ten
millions of dollars for its prosecution, I proposed
an amendment, as follows :
"Provided, That immediate measures b<> taken for the
peaceful and honoiable setlement of all difficulties between
this country and the sister republic of Mexico."
That amendment was rejected. Congress did
not wish to express a desire for the speedy and
honorable settlement of the war, and, in a minori-
ty of four, I voted against the bill which allows
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue notes to the
amount of twenty-eight millions of dollars, because
it is an ill-digested financial project; because, of
the indecent haste with which so iinpoitant a
measure was pressed; because, a protective tariff
has been proved to bo the easiest and best way of
raising revenue, and maintaining the credit of the
country; because, I was unwilhngto increase the
national debt, without affording the means of pay-
ing it; and because, 1 was unwilling that the North
should supply money for the special aggrandize-
ment of the South, and for conquering more terri-
tory for slavcholdmg. I have also voted against
a bill for the appointment, by the President, of a
lieutenant general, because it would give him the
power of furnishing a commanding officer for both
the Mexican and American armies—if, indeed, in
i' his excess of partiality to, and confidence in, Santa
:> Ana, he should not appoint him to the command
jj of both armies; and for the more serious reason
J) that, in the commissioning a civilian, he would
!; supersede, disaffect, and drive from the service,
I several brave, accomplished, and experienced Gen-
"! eials, who have acquired, and who deservedly ro-
ll tain, the confidence and respect of the country. If
;j in this I am accused of affording " aid and com-
'I fort1'to the enemy, a large majority in both Houses
'I have made themselves obnoxious to the same
charge.
|i 1 voted, also, against the bill for raising ten ad-
'| ditional regiments, because the President has al-
! j. ready sufficient forces at his command, and because
;i I am not willing to burden the country with unne-
cessary debt. Besides the whole naval force, the
President has now, or may have if he chooses,
17,000 men in the regular army. He has already
called out 25,000 volunteers, and can order into the
