298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 5,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Hill—Mr. Berrien.
Sen
ate.
relation to the prosecution or the termination of
this war, differ'm no particular, but in the intense
interest of the subject to which they relate, from
any other recommendation which, in the discharge
of his official duty, he may make to the Congress
of the United States. It is his constitutional right
and duty to make them; and mine to consider
them, is derived from the same source.
Mr. President, I am not versed in military mat-
ters, and am willing therefore to receive informa-
tion from every available source, to aid my judg-
ment in determining on the proper mode of prose-
cuting this war; but the questions presented by
the bill under consideration are not of that nature;
and the doctrine advanced here, and elsewhere on
this subject, is more startling to me than a thou-
sand wars with Mexico, or with the most powerful
nation under Heaven. That doctrine is, that the
power of Congress is exhausted in the act of de-
claring war, and that when once it exists, the
authority to conduct it, and the responsibility of
conducting it, are with the Executive, and not with
Congress. We may, but at our peril, assume the
responsibility of withholding supplies. Thus, the
President requires a loan for the purpose of carry-
ing on the war. His Secretary of Finance an-
nounces his wishes, and expresses his belief that
the loan may be obtained on the terms proposed,
and this we are deliberately told, is " all that we
have need to ask." The President requires it—his
Secretary thinks lie can get it—and we have nothing
more to do than to grant what is required, without
considering (ho manner in which it is to be used,
or the objects to be accomplished by it. The Presi -
dent wants an additional mililary force—an increase
of the regular army. His War Secretary, as is
his duty, makes his desire known to us, and we
must make haste to yield to it. And now, sir, the
President comes in his own person, or by an auto-
graph message, to demand three millions of money,
to be subjected to his unlimited discretion, it may
be, to be used as secret-service money, and a mwlto
fortiori, we must^yield to a requisition thus im-
posingly made. Sir, if this be true, a declaration
of war upturns the Constitution of the United States.
If it be true, that the powei of Congiess is ex-
hausted by the act of declaring war—if it be true
that the whole power of conducting and prosecu-
ting a war—of determining the manner in winch
it shall be conducted, and the purposes for t,he ac-
complishment ot which it, shall be prosecuted—if
it be true that all these devolve exclusively upon
the President, then I agree that the conclusion de-
duced from these premises is also true. If the
responsibility be exclusively his, the power must
be his also. Out if this be true, I ask* you what
is the character of the Government undej which
you live ? Sir, it is no longer that free and model
Republic which our fathers transmitted to us. It
has degenerated into a military Government—the
act, of declaring war places a military dictator at
its head. Mr. President, that doctrine results, in
my judgment, from an utter misconstruction of
the. Constitution, and the Senate will I trust not
think a few moments unspent, in the effort to put
a great constitutional question, which is justly
dear to us as freemen, on the basis on which truth
and reason ought to place it.
Sir, the war power which was delegated by the
framcts of the Constitution, is vested" in the Con-
gress of the United States. It is so vested in them, ,
not merely for the purpose of determining the!
causes which require a declaration of war, but to I
' I'1""e them with theauthonty and the obligation !
to superintend its prosecution, and from time to ;
time determine the objects which, by the use of|
the public force, we shall seek to accomplish. Let I
IIS briefly consider this question, ascending above j!
the atmosphere in which mere party dwells.
% tilr Constitution of the United States, all the i
legislative power therein granted, is granted to
Congress. The power to declare war is not a
legislative power, and is therefore the subjcct of a
special grant. In Democracies, it belongs to the
people, in Monarchies to the sovereign1, hut the
framers of the Constitution have vested it in the
Y'ngress of the United States. In like manner
the Executive power is vested in the President,
but thejiower to command the army and navy of
the Union does not belong to Jum, as the chief
Executive Magistrate. That also is the subject of
a specific grant. Now, in regard to any laws
enacted by Congress, in the exercisc of its ordi-
nary legislative power, which the President is
required to carry into effect, he stands to them in
precisely the same relation which he holds towards
them when, in the exercise of the war power, they
pass an act declaring war, which it becomes his
duty to carry into effect. He is, in each case, the
officer intrusted by the Constitution with the exe-
cution of the laws which are enacted by Congress.
In each case he obeys the public will, as that will
; has been declared by Congress, with no other re-
sponsibility, and with no other power, than tha
which devolves upon, and is vested in every officer
charged with the performance of a public duty.
As President of the United States, he executes a
, law enacted by Congress, in the exercise of its or-
dinary legislative power. As commander-in-chief
of the army and navy, he carries into execution
an act of Congress, passed in the exercise of the
s power to declare war, standing to them m precisely
j the same relation, and invested with precisely
I the same degree of power as m the former case.
That is, he is, in each case, the executor of the
laws, whether of peace, or of war, enacted by them.
In each case, it is the public will, as declared by
Congress, not his will, which he is required to
; execute. He has the right to inform, to recom-
I mend, and the right to what the lraniers of the
, Constitution designed to be a qualified veto; but
j when a law is once enacted, whether of peace, or
war—whether he acts as the chief executive magis-
| trate, oras the commander-in-chief of the army and
j navy, he is still but an agent to carry into effect the
| public will, as that has been constitutionally de-
clared. It is the public will declared by Congress,
not hit will—not Ids purpose which he is called to
execute.
I Mr. President, this may be rendered perfectly
obvious by the consideration of a single question.
The case which I am about to suppose, is not like-
, ly to occur, for the veto of the President, which
, the framers of the Constitution designed to be a
! qualified one, has, in practice, become absolute.
Nevertheless, it is a case contemplated by the Con-
stitution, and may, therefore, be reasoned from,
i If the President, in the exercise of that power,
should withhold his approbation from an act of
Congress declaring war, which should neverthe-
less be passed by the constitutional majority, the
President, as cominandcr-in-chief, in canyins that
act into effect, would obviously not be cxecutin 
his own will, but acting in direct opposition to it,
and in submission to the superior authority of
Congress, exercising the power specially delegated
to us—that of declaring war. Well, in such a
case, would the President be less bound to carry
into execution the purposes of Congress ? Would
his responsibility be less? Would his powers be
less? If not—if his duties and his responsibili-
ties and his powers would be the same in both
cases, as undoubtedly they would be, then these
are the results of his obligation to defer to the au-
thority of Congress. The proposition stated in
t.ic outset, is thorefore true. The power of Con-
gross over the subject, is not exhausted by the de-
claration of war. That act does not upturn the
Constitution; it does not create a military dictator;
it leaves us still in the-possession of a ficc Gov-
eminent. The power to declare war, to conduct
and to prosecute it—from time to time, to deter-
mine the manner in which it shall be conducted,
and the objects for the accomplishment of which it
shall be prosecuted, is with Congress. It is, there-
fore, not only our right, but it is out duty to de-
liberate on the demands of the President for men
and money, and only to yield to them, when our
own judgments are satisfied, that the true interests
of the country require the supposed supplies.
Mr. President, if we look to the past history of
our country, we will find abundant evidence that
such was the understanding of the statesmen who
have preceded fts. We have passed through one
war, of nearly three years duration, with the most
powerful nation of the world. I call the attention
of the Senate to the fact, that the Congress of the
United States, which assembled during that period,
so far from being willing to cast upon the Presi-
dent, the exclusive responsibility of conducting
that war—so far from desiring to "shift from them-
selves the obligations which the Constitution had
devolved upon them—were careful to meet that j
responsibility as became them; that they never ad- it
journed without providing by their own act, not
awaiting the call of the President, for their re-as-
semblage at earlier periods than those contemplated
by the Constitution. Sir, this is a speaking fact,
indicating in a manner not to be misunderstood,
the opinions of the statesmen of that period on the
question which we are considering. The war with
England was declared on the i5th June, 1812.
The treaty of peace was signed in December, 1814.
The session of Congress, in which the declara-
tion of war was made, ended in July, 1812; and
the next regular session would have been in De-
cember, but Congress, before its adjournment, pro-
vided for an earlier meeting.
The act of the Gth July, 1812, enacts "that the
next meeting of Congress shall be on the first
Monday in November, 1812."
That session ended on the 3d March, 1813, and
of course the next session would have been again
in December, but Congress again provided for its
earlier assemblage.
The act of 27th February, 1813, requires " that
the next meeting of Congress shall be on the fourth
Monday of May, 1813."
That session ended in August, 1813, and again
it was provided by the act of 27th July, 1813,
" that the next meeting of Congress shall be on
the first Monday in December, 1813."
That session terminated in April, 1814, and
Congress again anticipated the regular meeting in
December, by providing " that the next meeting of
Congress shall be on the last Monday in October,
1814."
It would seem that they were convened at an
earlier day, for the next session appears to have
been commenced on the 19th September, 1814, and
to have ended on the 3(1 March, 1815.
Such is the record of your statute book. Two
facts are thus obvious to the Senate:
1. That during the continuance of the war with
Great Britain, Congress never adjourned without
themselves providing an earlier day for their rt-absem-
blage, than that fixed by the Constitution.
2. That Congress mas hi session, and that by their
own special provision, nearly two-thirds of the whole
lime that the war continued.
Now why was this? If the doctrine which is
now advocated be true—if the war-power of Con-
gress ended m the first moment of its exercise—if
the authority to consider it rested exclusively with
the President, and Congress was only to furnish
the means at his bidding, why did they not leave
it to the President, in the exercise of his uncon-
trolled discretion, to convene them when he re-
quired these means? Sir, the rcfcrence which I
have made furnishes, in my judgment, satisfactory
evidence of the opinions of the" statesmen of that
day on this interesting question. Such, however,
is not the doctrine presented to us now. Such is
not the principle on which the operations of the
Government are conducted at this day. The esti-
mates for the expenses of the war, look beyond
the present fiscal year, and give to the President
the uncontrolled direction of the war, dunng the
long congressional recess, which is approachm".
The President feels—it is said he is authorized to
feel—that he is quite competent to conduct this
war without the assistance of Congress. There
IS, therefore, no provision for a meeting earlier
than December next. Nay, the suggestion that
the President might possibly find it advisable du-
ring this long interval, to call an extra session, is
at once repudiated and put down, by the official
organ of the Government. I repeat, sir, that such
a doctrine should be maintained here; that it should
be the basis of the practical administration of the
Government, is to me more startling than this, or
any war m which we could be engaged. 1 will
not detain the Senate on this brancVof the sub-
ject My own judgment is—and that suffices to
legulate my own action, but I venture to presume
that such will also be the judgment of the Senate—
my own judgment is, that it is within the consti-
tutional power, and, therefore, that it is the consti-
tutional duty of'Congress to superintend this war,
which they have recognised, and that they cannot
relieve themselves from this responsibility. I hold
myself free, then, to inquire what are the objects
and purposes to which this money is to be applied,
and to grant, or withhold it, as these are approved'
or condemned, by myjudgment. '
The bill before us, proposes to give to the Presi-
