300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 5,
2$th Cong 2b Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
Mr. Berrien. Here, then, is an admission that
we are to" require territory for indemnity. But the
paper has been handed to me. The opening re-
marks of the Senator, as they are reported in the
Union, and to which I had reference, were these:
u He was not authorized to state precisely what
* territory this Government wouM require for this
' indemnity, and for the payment of these claims."
Mr. Sevier. Exactly. ~ *
Mr. Berrien. The report continues: "But he
f supposed that no Senator would suppose that they
4 are to get less than New Mexico and Upper Cal-
<ifornia."
Mr. Sevier. Yes, and by treaty.
Mr. Berrien. Then follows this declaration:
" lie did not suppose a treaty of peace, with less
than this, would ever pass this body."
Mr. Sevier. These are the remarks I made.
Mr. Berrien. I understand the Senator to say
that it is a correct report.
Mr. Sevier. It is correct.
Mr. Berrien. Then, without entering into a dis-
cussion of the precise terms of the Senator's state-
ment, (for I admit the right of every Senator to
define what he intended to say,) it seems to me
that this is a new principle in the diplomacy of the
country. We are to negotiate with our enemy—
to pay money in advance to be applied to her exi-
gencies—the payment of her army and other ex-
penses—to dispose her to enter into a treaty with
us, by which we arc to acquire territory as an in-
demnity for the expenses of the war, and for the pay-
ment of the claims of our citizens.
The payment of the Mexican army is, then, I
apprehend, the first object of this appropriation.
The Senator from Arkansas, speaking, I presume,
as advised by the President of the United States,
states, what we probably all feel, that an act of
_ the Government of Mexico, not sustained by the
army, would be an unstable one—one not to be
relied upon, and it is therefore to propitiate the
army, to secure its support of the treaty whicli we
propose to negotiate, that this money is to be used.
I do not know if it can be properly denominated
secret-service money—but I understand it to be
money, winch is intended to be given to the Mcxi-
c\n rulers, to dispose them to make peace with
us—and in any aspect m which I can consider it,
the history of our country, so far as I am conver-
sant with it, affords no solitary instance in which
money has been appropriated to such a purpose.
Why, sir, in our negotiations with the Indian
tribes within onr limits, we are accustomed to
provide for their sustenance, while they arc assem-
bled to treat with us, and yielding to a practice,
which custom has established, to make presents to
their chiefs, to facilitate our intercourse with them.
But I did not know that we had transferred, or
that it was deemed advisable to transfer, our inter-
nal diplomacy with the aborigines of the country,
to our negotiations with foreign Powers. Arc we
disposed to treat with the Mexican people, as with
a savage tribe? And do wc believe that this dis-
tinct avowal of our purpose—this unequivocal
manifestation of our conviction that the Mexican
Government is too unstable to be capable of ful-
filling any treaty into which they may enter, will
be calculated to conciliate that Government, and
thus to facilitate our negotiations? I apprehend
not—ydt on this subject I may speak rashly. I
have had no communications with General Santa
Ana. It may be, that he is really disposed to treat
with us—that undeistanding the unsettled condi-
tion of his own country, he fe'els that he cannot
give effect to any treaty which may be entered
into, unless he is sustained by his army—and that
he requires this fund to secure its fidelity. I may
iiot speak of what 1 do not understand; but if
these things be so—if this distinguished chief is
sincerely disposed to peace, and to the fulfilment
of the stipulations on his part, or the reliance on
the part of the President, which, if we may believe
what we read, enabled him to pass our blockading
squadron—if, with his characteristic sincerity, he
is disposed to fulfil his engagements, and waits
only the reccipt of these three millions, to enable
him to pay his army, and to meet the other ex-
penses of his Government, so as to secure the sup-
port of the army to the treaty, into which he may
have entered, or shall enter—why, then, sir, we
have a key to his extraordinary inactivity while at
the head of a military force, which is, as we know,
vastly superior in numbers to any which we can
oppose to it. It becomes us, however, to consider,
that when we part with this money, which, as I
understand it now to be conceded, is to be paid in
advance, and of course I presume to be expended,
at the uncontrolled discretion of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, we lose the security which its possession
gives us, that the stipulations of any treaty which
may be afterwards entered into will be fulfilled.^
Mr. President, I desire to remove an-impression
which may, I fear, have resulted, however unin-
tentionally, from the opening remarks of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
That Senator has himself corrected the misappre-
hension under which he was laboring, when he
supposed that the vote which was given at the last
session on the resolutions reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, in answer to the
message of the President asking two millions of
money, was given on the first resolution, first re-
ported by that committee. But I fear that it is not
distinctly understood what was the real action of
the Senate on that occasion. I fear it is not un-
derstood that Senators are wholly uncommitted on
the question before us by the almost unanimous
vote which was then given.
Sir, the President, in his message of the fourth
of August last, required an appropriation of two
millions of dollars, to enable him to pay in advance
a portion of the consideration money, which might
be stipulated for any cession of territory which
might be agreed upon—and this, it will be seen,
was declined by the Senate. The following is an
extract from that message:
" Under those circumstances, and considering the ex-
hausted and distracted condition of the Mexican republic,
it might become necessary, in order to restore peace, that I
should advance a portion ot'the consideration monev for any
ecsHon of leiritory which may be made. The Mexican
Government might not be willing to wait for the payment of
the whole until the treaty could be ratified by the Senate,
and an approptiation to carry it into effect be made by Con-
gress ; arid tlse necessity for such a delay might defeat the
object altogether. I would therefore suggest, whether it
might not be \vi.-.e for Congress to appropriate a sum such
a< they might consider adequate for this purpose, to bp paid,
if necessary, immediately on the latification of the treaty by
Mexico. Thi4! disbursement would of course be accounted
for at the treasury, not as a secret-servicc money, but like
other expenditures."
On this message of the President, the Committee
on Foieiffn Relations made the following report to
the Senate:
"Resolved, That the course adopted and proposed by the
President, as indicated in his message of the 4th instant, for
the --peed v termination of the war with Mexico, receives the
approbation of the Senate.
"Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, it is expe-
dient to place two millions of dollars at the disposal of the
Provident, to be u-ed at his discretion in ibe event of a
troatv of peace with Mexico, satisfactorily adjusting the
boundaries of the two countries; and th.it the Committee
on Foreign Relations be instructed to report to the Senate,
in open session, a bill for that purpose, m conformity to the
provisions of similar acts passed in 1803 and J 806."
No.w, these resolutions were so little acceptable
to the Senate, that the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, of his own accord, modified
the second resolution in this way:
" Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate, it is expe-
dient to place at the disposal of the President a sum of money
to be o=?ed at his discretion iri the event of a treaty of peace
with Mexico, satisfactorily adjusting the boundaries of the
two countries."
Upon this, on motion by another Senator, it was
proposed to strike out all after the word resolv-
ed," and say:
" That the Senate heartily unite vnth ike President in his
ex-pressed desire for a speedy and honorable pence unth Mexico,
hut at at present informed, they hare no further udvtcc to give
in the premises
Then, these resolutions were so little acceptable
to the Senate, that, by order of the Senate, they
were recommitted to the committee, and they re-
ported back the following:
"1st. Resolved, That the Senate entertain a strong de«ire
that the existing war with Mexico should be terminated by
a treaty of peace, just and honorable to both nations, and
that the Pre>ident be advised to adopt all proper measures
for the attainment of that object."
Well, I presume that is a resolution in which
the Senate would now unite—that they entertain a
strong desire for the termination of the existing
war upon honorable terms, and advise the Presi-
dent to adopt all proper means for that end. The
second resolution was then presented, in these
words:
"2d. Resolved, furthery That the Senate deem it advisa-
ble that Congiess should appropriate a sum of money to en-
able the President to conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and
boundaries, with the republic of Mexico, and to be used by
him in the event that such treaty should call for the expenditure
of the money so appropriated, or any part thereof "
Now, the vote of the Senate—not the vote to
which the Senator from Arkansas referred, but the
vote given by the Senate, some thirteen to eighteen
—was a vote upon the second resolution, on which,
by that majority, the Senate recommended that a
sum of money be placed at the disposal of the
President, to conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and
boundaries, with the republic of Mexico; not to be
used by him, for the purpose of concluding that treaty,
but in the event that such a treaty should call for
the expenditure of the money so appropriated, or
any part of it. Sir, I have referred to these pro-
ceedings of the Senate at its last session, for the
purpose of showing that no Senator is committed,
by the vote which he gave on those resolutions,
to the measure now proposed by the bill under
consideration.
Mr. Sevier. "Will the Senator from Georgia
permit one remark ?
Mr. Berrien*. Certainly.
Mr. Sevier. As soon as I saw the error, I cor-
rected it in this Chamber; and so the Senator will
see, if<he looks to the report in the papers.
Mr. Berrien. Yes, the Senator from Arkansas
states with perfect correctness that he did correct
the misapprehension under which he labored at the
first moment he had the opportunity of doing it.
I discovered the error which he had committed. I
announced to him privately that error, and told
him that I had done it for the purpose of enabling
him to correct it, instead of doing it myself on the
floor. But I advert to this subject now, because I
believed, from the manner in which it was left in
the opening discussion, Senators were under the
impression that they had committed themselves by
the vote they had given upon the resolution which
ultimately passed. The Senator from Arkansas,
I repeat, took the earliest opportunity to correct
this misapprehension; and it was communicated
by me personally, as he will admit.
Mr. Sevier had only one word to say. The
correction was made in his published remarks.
There could be no mistake about it.
Mr. Berrien. Oh! no doubt. I am perfectly
understood by the"Senate as distinctly stating that
the Senator from Arkansas took the earliest oppor-
tunity to place this subject upon its proper footing,
and that he did so in consequence of a perfectly
friendly communication which I made to nim my-
self, instead of making the correction on this floor.
Mr. President, I have spoken of the manner in
which, according to the provisions of this bill, this
money is to be applied. I now ask the attention
of the Senate to a consideration of the objects which
it is proposed to accomplish by it. In the message
'of the President, at the opening of the session, we
were told that the war had " been carried into the
i enemy's country, and would be vigorously prose-
' cuted, with a view to obtain an honorable peace,
' and secure an ample indemnity for the expenses of
' the ivar, as well as to our much injured citizens,
4 who hold pecuniary demands against Mexico."
Now, sir, looking to this declaration—to the con-
dition of the Mexican people—to the state of their
finances—to the instability of their Government,
the message of the President was, in itself, a auifi-
ciently distinct annunciation of the objects which
he proposed to accomplish by the use of this mon-
ey. .tfmple indemnity would be equivalent to dis-
memberme7ii of the Mexican territory, since it could
be obtained only by such means. If ample indem-
nity was to be required for the expenses of the war,
which have probably amounted to fifty, and may
be increased to an hundred millions of dollars,
Mexico must part with a large portion of her ter-
| ritory, because that was all which she had to give,
| It was to facilitate such a result, that this money
j was to be used. That territory was to be wrested
from Mcxico, was rendered still more manifest by
the instructions from the War and Navy Depart-
ments to the officers of our army and navy, who
held military possession of different portions of
that republic, directing them to take measures to
secure what they had acquired, with a view to
enforce the principle of uti possidetis in the treaty
which shall terminate the war.
But the chairman of the Committee of Foreign
Relations has dissipated all doubt on this subject
