1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Increase of the Revenue—Mr. Payne.
Ho. of Reps.
patriotism require no effort of you to lessen its ca-
lamity !uid bring It to a close? or are all your duties
dischargeable, and to be discharged, by emptying
the vials of your wrath upon the head of the Ex-
ecutive? What, gentlemen, is your object in this
course of policy r What do you mean ? What do
you desire ? I am aware it has been said that the
true policy of an opposition is to oppose every-
thing, and propose nothing. That policy may be
tolerated in peace; but in war, patriotism should
rise above the degiaded level of faction; then the
country needs the service of all her sons, and ex-
pects each one to perform his duty. If he fails, he
justly forfeits her confidence, and merits the exe-
oration of his brethren.
Sir, do you desire this war to be honorably and
successfully terminated ? 1 hesitate not to say I
do. How is this to be done? By continuing to
levile the President? No, sir; that will retard its
successful termination. The people of Mexico
have no idea of the true character of our Govern-
ment—they suppose it similar to their own, based
upon the will of the Executive, and upheld only by
Ins popularity; and when they read the denuncia-
tory speeches delivered upon this floor, so trans-
lated as to suit the views of the Mexican ruler,
the masses believe that a party now exists in Con-
giess opposed to a further prosecution of the war,
and sufficiently numerous to set aside the Execu-
tive, choose a successor, and thereby control the
action of the Government. Under this impression,
produced by the indiscretion ofOpposition speakers
here, the rulers of Mexico arc enabled to induce
the masses to believe that if they will resist yet a
little longer, the President of the United States will
be compelled to withdraw the army fiom Mexico,
lose his position, or negtoite a treaty upon their
own terms. Under this impression the people of:
Mexico now act. It is evident, therefore, that j
those inflammatory harangues, instead of facilita-
ting a termination of the war, tend to prolong it.
It is said the war may be terminated by fortify-
ing a line through the enemy's country, and hold-
ing on to the territory now in our possession, as
indemnity for debts due us by Mexico, and for
expenses incurred in the prosecution of this war.
Sir, in what age of the world, or in what history
of the past, can an example be found in which a
■permantnt peace between a civilized and semi-bar-
barous race has resulted from a state of quasi war,
or negative hostilities? No such example can be
found; but the reverse. The histoiy of the past,
speaking from the earliest ages of civilization down
to the present hour, admonishes us that no perma-
nent peace ever has or can be made with a barbar-
ous people, which is not founded upon their fears,
and supported by the dread of punishment for a
violation of its provisions.
What would be the consequences of this negative
policy towards Mexico ? The withdrawal of your
Iroops from her territory, would be regarded by
her people as an admission of your inability to
prosecute the war with greater activity. Presu-
ming upon that weakness, Mexico would be stimu-
lated to renewed and redoubled efforts to expel
your army from your fortified lines, and your citi-
zens from every inch of territory south of the Rio
Grande.
if defeated in her attempts to accomplish that
object, as she undoubtedly would be, then Mexi-
co would organize maiauding bands of rancberos
and Indians, stimulated by the love of plunder,
would keep up a bolder warfare, with occasional in-
cursions into your territory, more expensive, and
moie harassing than the most active prosecution
of the war, with all its horrors, could be; and,
finally, when your patience shall have been ex-
hausted, and this state of things could be borne no
longer, you would be forced to resume active oper-
ations, push the war into the heart of the enemy's
country, and dictate the terms of your treaty of
peace within the walls of Mexico itself. Why,
then, speak or think of withdrawing your forces
from Mexico? It is the suggestion of misplaced
philanthropy, or childish imbecility. Sir, we have
had a proposition to terminate th  war upon this
plan submitted to the Senate of the United Stales,
and, unless I am misinformed, it received no vote
in that body—the mover of the proposition him-
self declining to support it. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. SchknckJ introduced a similar propo-
sition in this House: many of us desired a direct
vote upon the question, but the honorable mover
of the proposition perceiving the spirit in which it
was received, and dreading the consequences of a
direct vote, anxiously availed himself of his well-
known parliamentary tact, to withdraw his propo-
sition from the House, and 1 venture to predict he
will never again renew it.
These facts are not to be overlooked. They are
important events in the legislative history of the
war, and say most emphatically to Mexico and
to the civilized world, that however much we
wrangle with one another, or revile the Chief Ma-
gistrate of the nation, there is but one opinion, one
determination, with the people of theUmted States,
or their Representatives, to any considerable ex-
| tent, and that is vigorously to prosecute the war,
1 and to push our conquest even to the entire subju-
gation of Mexico, unless she sues for peace upon
terms alike just to herself and honorable to us.
Sir, if this be our fixed determination—and no
man can doubt it who knows anything of our peo-
ple.—shall we not accomplish our object more
speedily, and with less cruelty to the enemy, by
abstaining, in future, from the crimination of party
debate, productive of no good, but of incalculable
evil. By it the enemy is encouraged to hold out
against us, under the idle belief that a change of
Administration would produce a change of policy
I with regard to Mexico. A change of policy can-
not occur, no matter which of the two great par-
ties of the time shall direct the Government. The
war is popular with all parties; and those who arc
now seeking to make political capital out of it,
will find their efforts as unsuccessful before the
people, and disgraceful to themselves, as it is un-
wise in policy and injurious to the country. Why,
then, continue this clamor? All can result in noth-
ing but mischief to the country and injury to your-
selves. That, however, is your business, and not
mine.
Sn, it is not to gentlemen over the way that I at-
tach exclusive blame for a failure to sustain the
President in a prosecution of tins war. 1 have a
word or two to add not very palatable to gentle-
men on this side of the Bouse. Have we dis-
charged our duty to the country ? I fear we have
not; nor have we met the just expectations of the j
people. It was undeniable that the Executive had  
not by any means received that full and united
measure of support, in the prosecution of this war,
from that quarter m which wc had a right to except
the most zealous cooperation. What had occurred
in that House some weeks ago? The finances of the
country were in a condition which seemed to re-
quire that something should be done by that de-
partment of the Federal Government which alone
possessed the power of raising the ways and means
necessary for the prosecution of the war. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, feeling that the public exi-
gency was important, and acting in a spirit of the
utmost candor towards the Representatives of the
people, addressed the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means the following letter:
Tkka^uky Devartmkn't. Dcccmher 21, 1840.
Sir: Permit me iixxt vc-pecUullj to call your attention
to tfre views submitted in my last annual repoitm repaid to
inipo^m^ dunes on tea and collet
These" duties were suggested in view of the ncccsstty of ,j
obtaining the loan theiein piopoj-ed, and tins d< patlment
feels bound to communicate the opinion enteitaim-d by it, j;
that, in the Ub-ence of the-c duties, it will piobaldy be ;
wlio'ly impracticable to negotiate the loan on %ucb tenns a.-*
would be pei nutted by Connie*?.
Most lespeetfully, youi obodiuit servant, |i
Jt. J. WALKER. 11
Sir, could a stronger appeal than this be made ij
to the Representative* of the people to provide the jj
necessary means for the prosecution of the war ? H
How was it responded to bv a majority of tins !
body? A gentleman from the Northwest, [Mr. !■
Wen'twortii.] who stands very tall (full six feet
seven) in his party, professing to be a friend of the
Administration, rose in his place, and offered the <|
following resolution:
"Ile&olved, That it is inexpedient to levy a tax upon tea 1.
and coffee." |'
Mr. WENTWORTH here rose and said: Will \ ,
the gentleman ftom Alabama allow me to lefer to |j
1 the report of the Secretary of the Treasury ? j
: Mr. PAYNE could notgne way. The gentle- !
! man could take some other opportunity. What ,
I was the result of the introduction of the proposi- 1
S tion ? Why, a majority of the House voted for j
I the resolution, thus giving a negative answer to i
the letter submitted to Congress by the Secretary
of the Treasury! Such action in the British Par-
liament would have been, as a matter of course,
followed by the resignation of the Ministry. What
next? Immediately upon the adoption of that reso-
lution a gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Sims,]
feeling the effect of that extraordinary vote given
by the House of Representatives upon the war,
rose and introduced the following resolution;
"Resolved, That the people of the United States are too
patriotic to refuse any necessaiy tax in time of war."
This resolution was adopted unanimously. I
thought it meant something, and supposed Con-
gress designed to give the resolution some practical
utility. Acting under this impression, I rose in my
place (I speak of myself with becoming modesty)
and offered the following resolution:
"Resolved, That it is expedient to levy and collect a duty
. of twenty p<r cent, ad valoiem upon all imported articles
! (bullion and com excepted) not taxed by the tariff bill of
18IS."
And the House refused to entertain the resolu-
tion.
j Now, what is the conclusion to which just and
, enlightened minds must come from the adoption of
these two resolutions by the House of Represent-
atives ? Why, that the people are patriotic enough
to bear any tax necessary to a successful prosecu-
tion of the war, but that their Representatives have
not the patriotism to lay it—a sad but just legislative
commentary upon the patriotism of this body.
Mr. A. JOHNSON here rose and said: By the
permission of the gentleman from Alabama, I
would like to call the attention of the House to a
paragraph in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the subject of the tax on tea and
coffee. He is striking at the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman yield
the floor ?
Mr. PAYNE. No. If in the discharge of his
public duty there—if in an honest endeavor to pro-
cure the necessary means which might be demand-
ed for the prosecution of the war to a successful
and honorable close, it should be his (Mr. IVs)
j misfortune to strike at the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or any other individual in the nation, no mat-
ter how elevated he might be, he could not help it.
His duty must be peilurmed, rcgaidless of conse-
quences. But he knew, that in this instance, at
least, he was neither striking at nor actually stn-
kingthe Secretary of the Treasury; between that
officer and himself there was, upon this subject,
the most perfect concurrence of opinion.
I now pass, Mr. Chairman, to another incident
in legislation equally important, and no less omin-
ous in conclusion, than the one I have just re-
viewed.
On the 29th December, 1846, the President of
the United States sent a message to Congress, from
which the following is an extract:
u In oidor to pio=-eeute the war a^mn^f Mexico with vn*or
and success, it is necessary that auilioiitv should he prompt-
ly jjive.n by Congress to increase the regular amiy, and to
remedy OM^tinjj defects in i ts organization. With ill is \ tew
your f.ivotabh; attention i< invited to the minimi report of
the Secretary of War, which accompanied my nic-saye of
thefcih instant, in which he leenmmcnds that fcfcn additional
raiment- of regular ttoopd t-hali he uu^cd to seivc duum?
the war.
f Ol the additional losrmient' of volunteer winch have
been called for fiom several of the s-oine havt: Ik en
piomptly laired, but thi« bav not been the ruse m i< u;a>(i to
ail; tue existing law, inquiring that they should lie organized
1)v the independent action of (he State government-. Ii.n m
some in -^tanc ev occasioned c on-iderable delay, and it i- yet
uncertain when the troops requited can be lendyfoi t-emce
in the field.
u It is our settled policv to maintain, m time of pca'-c, as
small a reguhu army a-, the exigency of toe public service
will permit. In a state of war, noiwitli tandin<r the great
advantage^ with which om volunteer citizen soldiers can
bebiou^bt into the held, tins Htuull leqular oiiKViiiu-t be
inere.i-ed in it- numbers m order to render the whole force
more efficient.'"'
What lias been the action of Congress upon this
proposition? The chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs reported a bill, in conformity with
the President's recommendation, to laise ten regi-
ments of regulars. The House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of con-
sidering that proposition. When in committee,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hatiu'.uk]
moved an amendment substituting volunteers in
i place of the regular troops asked for by the Presi-
! dent. This amendment was defeated in commit-
tee by one vote only.
