1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
29th Cong 2b Sess.
Increase of the Revenue—Mr. Payne.
New Skries No. 20.
involving consequences so serious to himself and
•injurious to Lis country.
Again: this letter says, " I am decidedly op-
posed to carrying the war beyond Saltillo in this
direction." Suppose the President should deem
it expedient to push our arms even to the city of
Mexico, by way of Saltillo: if General Taylor wrote
this letter, disapproving a campaign in that direc-
tion, he would have disqualified himself from con-
ducting the expedition. No man, I believe, is ever
intrusted with the execution of a military expedi-
tion to which he is " decidedly opposed." Do you
suppose General Taylor would have thus disquali-
fied himself? I cannot, I will not believe it.
Sir, there are other evidences that this letter is
not from the pen of General Taylor. It is filled
with inucndoes and petty complaints against the
Executive, showing that it is the work of a petty
political grimalkin, seeking to manufacture political
capital out of the war, and not seeking, as it would
do had General Taylor written it, to nerve the arm
of the country, by silencing the clamor of faction,
and urging all forward to an united and vigorous
prosecution of the war, and thereby securing a
speedy and honorable peace.
In view of all these facts, I must again repeat my
total disbelief in the authenticity of this letter, and
therefore denounce it a forgery, which I shall con-
tinue to do until better advised.
But, sir, suppose this letter should not prove to
be a forgery; suppose it proves to be genuine;
what then? Does not the appointment of a lieu-
tenant general become infinitely more necessary ?
No one believes that General Scott ought, under
the circumstances, to command the army in Mex-
ico. If General Taylor did write this letter, he
has disqualified himself for the command. In this
emergency what will the people expect? What
does^the interest of the country require? Sir, that
the Executive recommendation should be passed,
•and that a lieutenant general should be appointed.
That is what- the people expcct and the countiy
requires. But, sir, it is said, if a civilian be ap-
pointed lieutenant general, all the officers of the
army will resign. Bet it so; it constitutes one of
the strongest arguments in favor of the measure.
The Government will be relieved of that swarm of
vampires which hang upon the bosom of the body
politic. All I fear is, that they would not resign.
But if they do, then those officers who are useful
to the country the President would promote; those
who are superannuated, or otherwise unfit for ser-
vice, would be permitted to remain in retirement.
Their places would be supplied with younger,
more active, and efficient men; the organization of
the army would be more perfect, and the efficiency
of the service greatly promoted. But he should
like to know what, m this land of freedom, entitled
any particular set of men beneath the sun to the
exclusive right of command—leaving to the masses
the humble privilege of obeying! Be had supposed
that office was open to the enterprise of all, and
that merit constituted the sole claim to preferment.
Does the gilded epaulet or button establish the only
claim to office; or does it establish that exact degree
of merit necessary to its attainment? I think not.
Gentlemen should remember that there is no au-
thority in this Government not derived from the
people—those in civil life. Nor should they forget,
that every officer in the nation, from the President
down to the mere police magistrate, is the servant
of the people—deriving authority, directly or in-
indirectly, from them, and directly or indirectly
responsible to them. Am I, then, to be told that
the appointment of a civilian to a distinguished
post in the army, constitutes a sufficient reason for
the resignation of all the officers? No, sir; it
affords no such reason; and if the officers of the
army act upon any such principle, the epaulet
should at once be torn from their shoulders, and
placed upon others more worthy of the honor
and distinction they confer. Viewing this subject
in any aspect, I am decidedly in favor of the ap-
pointment of a lieutenant general.
Sir, I now turn to the amendment read by the
Clerk before I commenced my remarks. It is in-
tended to raise the ways and means necessary to
a vigorous prosecution of the war; and, for that
purpose, proposes a duty of 30 per cent, ad valo-
rem upon the entire list of imported articles not
now taxed, including tea and coffee. The bill
20
under consideration proposes an appropriation of
money not now in your treasury. The amend-
ment proposes to place it there. The connexion
between the raising and expenditure of money is so
necessary and intimate that my amendment will
not, I imagine, be ruled out of order. In fact you
must collect before you can expend the money.
Let the bill, therefore, which proposes the one,
provide the other.
^ By reference to the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, I find the following estimates
of expenditure, and accruing revenue for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1847:
Estimated expenditures for the fiscal yearendin« the 30th
June, 1847 $35,241,212 09
Estimates ol accruing revenue for the same
period :
From customs $97,835,731 00
From public lands  3,400,000 00
Miscellaneous  100,000 00
To winch is added the follow-
ing available means:
Treasury notes authonzed to
he issued by act of 23d July,
1846  5,000,000 00
Loans authorized by the same
act   5,000,000 00
Unexpended balance m the
Treasuiy, July Ut, 1847  9,125,439 08
The whole available means in the Treasury,
July Ut} 1847   50,462,170 08
Excels of expenditure over the le&ourees of
the Treasuiy, on the 1st of July, 1847  4,179,042 01
The same report estimates the excess of ex-
penditures over the revenue tor the year
endmg July 1st, 1848, at  18,560,82G 52
Which when added to the deficiency of the
pjesent fiscal yeai, leaves a debt, on the
1st day of July, 1848, of $22,739,868 r,3
Now, sir, is this debt to be paid by ourselves,
or is it to be transferred as a legacy to posterity?
If the former, we must provide the means of pay-
ment; if the latter is to be the policy, then let us
go on borrowing as Ions: ns we have crcdit, and
when that fails, either beg or rob, as necessity may
require.
For myself only I speak in this matter. I hold
it to be our sacred duty to provide for the payment
of this debt. What right have ive, by failing to
perform our duty, to transfer our burdens to pos-
terity? There is no moral right to do any such
thing. What would be thought of the wisdom or
justice of the law-making power of a Slate that
would impudently seek to bind mankind beyond
the grave ? It-would be condemned and ridiculed
by the enlightened wisdom of all mankind. And
yet 1 can pcrccivc no difference (either in justice or
wisdom) between an effort to do this and an at-
tempt to bind the unborn. There are no obliga-
tions existing from the dead to the living, neither
do any obligations exist from the unborn to the
living; and any attempt upon the part of the living
to release themselves, and impose those obligations
upon the one or the other, is an absurdity which
this enlightened age should reject. Then, sir, it is
our duty to provide for the payment of our own
debts. How is this to be done? There are two !
modes, and two only, by which ccitain provision !
for its payment can be made; all otheis, in my !
opinion, will prove deceptive failures. One is by ■
a direct tax; but the public necessity has not yet !
reached a point to render a resort to that measure !
necessary; and the other is, to levy a duty of thirty j
per cent, ad valorem upon all imported articles, bul- ,
lion and com excepted, paying no tax under our |
present revenue system. I have not been able to i
ascertain the exact amount, m dollars and cents, of
impoits paying no duty, and therefore speak con-
jccturally; but I suppose it is not less than keenly
millions of dollars per annum. Assuming that to be ;
the sum, a duty of thirty per cent, ad valorem (as J
contemplated by my amendment) would bring into '
your treasury six millions of dollars per annum.
In ten years, this would discharge a debt of sixty
millions of dollais, which I hope and believe is 1
much more than the war will cost, us over and
above our annual revenues. . '
By graduating and reducing the price of the pub- :
lie lands, the revenue would be greatly augmented
fiom that source, and, when added to your icve- :
nue coliccted through your custom-houses upon
articles now belonging to what is called the free !
list, would pay a much larger debt than sixty mil- '
lions in ten years, or, what is the same thing, liqui-
date that debt in a shorter period.
No one doubts that by these provisions any debt
which the existing war may entail upon the coun-
try would be liquidated in a few years. But it is
objected, that, under this arrangement, tea and cofr
fee would be subjected to taxation, and therefore
the measure should not be adopted.
Mr. Chairman, I have listened with great atten^
tion to all the arguments of gentlemen urged against
a tax upon tea and coffee, and must now assert, that
I have never heard a sensible argument against it
that does not apply with infinitely greater force
against a tax upon clothing, iron, steel, salt, cot-
ton bagging, mechanics' tools, leather, hats, and
all of the articles of necessity consumed by our
people; and yet no one*objects to the enormous
tax now levied and collected upon those articles.
What is the argument against a tax upon tea
and coffee? They are articles of necessity, say gen-
tlemen, and therefore ought not to be taxed. That
is tiie argument relied upon. I deny that tea and
coffee are articles of necessity. They are not
necessary to the continuance of life, nor to the
preservation of health; and had those articles
never been introduced into society, civilization,
science, agriculture, and commerce, would have
advanced with the same steady progress that it has
done with them. Such would not have been the
case if the axe, anvil, and hammer, had never
been invented. Tea and coffee are not, therefore,
articles of necessity. They are, strictly speaking,
articles of taste and luxury, consumed by all
classes of society, and tbeiefore legitimate objects
of taxation. But suppose tea and coffee were
articles of necessity: are not the articles already
enumerated by me as necessary to the comfort,
nay, existence, of man m organized society, as tea
and coffee can be? No one can deny this. If,
then, the argument, founded upon the necessary
consumption of tea and coffee, should exempt those
articles from taxation, why should it not exempt
the plough, the hoe, the axe, the fore and jack
plane, the knife and the awl, the anvil and ham-
mer, the blanket, the coat, the hat, leather, and
salt, from taxation also? Those articles aie all
more necessar-y to the existence and comfort of
man than tea and coffee can be. Why, then, tax
the former withoutremorsc, and positively refuse to
tax the latter? Thereisno senseor justice in it; and
those continued appeals to the tea and coffee drink-
er are but the appeals of the demagogue to the
ignorance of his fellow-man, to make political
capital at the expense of principle. There is the
same justice in taxing one article of necessity that
there is in another; and if you exempt one fioin
taxation, exempt all.
Does any one design attempting this? No, sir.
The very men who are now clamoring against a
tax upon tea and coffee, as a war measure, because,
as they allege, it is an article of necessary con-
sumption, would be the last to relinquish the ad-
vantages to the manufacturer (of the present tax of
thirty percent.) upon all the articles of necessity
before enumerated. In addition to the political
capital sought to be made out of the tea and coffee
tax, gentlemen who arc advocates of the protective
policy, and who aio devoted to the monopolies
afforded by the tariff bill of 1842, and have a dollar
and cent interest in its restoration, resist the tax
upon tea and coffee, under the hope that the neces-
sities of the Government may force upon the
country the reestablishment of that iniquitous and
odious measme.
But, sir, the voice of patriotism, announced by.
the tongues of twenty millions of freemen, will,
in due time, proclaim the distinction between pri-
vate and public intuest—between principle and
demagoguism; and when that is done, provision for
paying the war debt will be made, by imposing a
duty of thirty per cent, upon the free list.
I may be told that I, some years ago, voted
against a dufy upon tea and coffee. I admit the
fact. The financial measure then proposed for the
country was an odious one—the tax upon tea and
coffee did not render it less so. It was intended
to supersede the compromise act of '33; and, more-
over, the country was at peace with all the world.
For these reasons I voted against the tax on tea
and coffee, as I did against the whole of Mr. Clay's
financial scheme. Under similar ciicumstances, I
