1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho, or Reps;
But there was a strong moral sense in the people
of the United States; they yet adhered to the eter-
nal rule of right; and they would resist and change
their own administration of Government if it con-
tinued to prosecute a war of spoliation against the
weak and the powerless.
1 Should we take into the Federal Union the ter-
ritory spoken of by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Sims,] we must take at least a million
and a half of people, so ignorant, vicious, and de-
graded as to be utterly incapacitated for self-gov-
ernment, and give them equal power and privileges
in this Government with ourselves—a motley race,
made up of Spaniards, and Indians, and blacks,
and the mixed offspring of all mixed together !
What an element of weakness it would add to our
decadence, so prematurely begun !
But another question of fearful importance grew
out of the prospect of such an annexation—a ques-
tion which the Democrats in this House, or a por-
tion of them, were disposed to postpone, but which
cast into the midst of us the apple of discord—a
great question, which, if it were not met now,
would rend this Union in twain before the lapse of
twenty years. They had been told that the an-
nexation of Texas was effected for the extension
and increase of the slave power in this Union; and
it was then predicted that it would lead the way
to successive contests for territory, to restore the
re-adjustment of political power between the free
and slave States. That prediction was being re-
alized from day to day. The slave States, by the
acquisition of Texas, had acquired territory suf-
ficient for four or five States, and now the Demo-
crats of the North wanted all these Northern Mex-
ican provinces for an area out of which to form
free States as a counterpoise. Supposing the South
should even defeat that design, by covering the
country with slaveholders, then these Democrats
would be for a war with England to get Canada,
and make free States out of that. And thus a war
for territory would be carried on successively by
the slave and the free States, for the acquisition of
controlling political p'ower in this republic. No:
now, now was the time to meet this question on
the threshold.
Mr. D. appealed to northern men in that House,
on the one hand, and to the gallant southerners on
the other, and he asked them whether, as patriots,
they were willing to launch the destinies of this
Government on the postponement of such a ques-
tion, and sow the seeds of interminable war, or
inevitable dissolution of the Union?
Again: he said now was the time to meet the
question and settle it—now, while we were yet
untrammelled by it, while we were free to act in
conformity with the lights of experience and the
dictates of sound reason and enlightened policy.
Let us decide now whether this new territory, if
it is to be brought into the Union, should be free
or slave territory. He protested against the post-
ponement of the question. Would the South ever
consent to the surreptitious acquisition of territory
in which the natural proposal of the free Stales of
the North required that slavery should be forever
prohibited' He thought not. He regarded the
acquisition of any territory west of the Rio Grande
as a great, unmitigated, and blasting curse to his
country. So far from coveting it, untold millions
added to it would never prevail on him to accept it
as a gift. .
Mr. D. said he complained of the manner in which
the President had conducted this war; but the nature
of his censure must depend mainly on the objects
the President had had in view. The success or the
failure of his war measures depended altogether
upon that. If his object had been the acquisition
of territory, as doubtless it was, ill that he had cer-
tainly been eminently successful; and his declara-
tion that his object in the war was to " conquer a
peace" was as'uncandid and hypocritical as ever
was made by man. If his object had been to strike
at once at the heart of the Mexican power, and
force her to an honorable peace with us, what would
have been his course ? He had by law at his dis-
posal an army of seventeen thousand regulais, fifty
thousand volunteers, and an extraordinary appro-
priation of ten millions of dollars. At the com-
mencement of the present session he had informed
. Congress that there was a balance remaining in the
Treasury of nine millions of dollars. What did
common sense tell the President? Just what Gen-
eral Scott had told him. His object had then been
to disgrace General Scott, as it was now to disgrace
General Taylor. He gave him indefinite intima-
tions that he was to go to the frontier, but gave him
neither orders nor instructions; and when, after-
ward, the General asked in explicit terms for the
command and the control of the war, he was re-
fused. But, with this amount of means placed at
his disposal, what ought the President to have done
To spend the sickly season, during which nothing
could be done in Mexico, in recruiting regular sol-
diers and calling out volunteers; in drilling and
training them; in providing all sorts of munitions
of war and military stores; especially in organizing
a good eommissariat, and providing ample means
of transportation. In this manner he might have
continued his preparation, until the frost came, and
Mexico was no longer a burial place to northern
men who entered on its soil. In this way he might
have filled his regiments, and had seventeen thou-
sand regulars and twenty or thirty thousand volun-
teers ready to march, all drilled and disciplined, the
harness on, unwasted by disease, burning for the
battle, thirsting for glory, and certain of triumph.
He would then have landed his force at Tampi^o,
marched upon Vera Cruz, stormed the Castle of San
Juan d'Ulua, fallen like a thunderbolt upon the city
of Mexico, and then dictated a peace just, fair, and
honorable, and the war would have been at an end.
In this way he would have covered his A dministra-
tion with glory, and won for himself the gratitude
of his countrymen and the admiration of mankind.
But he had an ignoble jealousy of General Scott;
he was determined to disgrace him by proving his
plan of campaign tardy and inefficient. He hurried
an undisciplined host of young, ardent, and noble
spirits to Taylor's camp, on the Rio Grande, with-
out supplies or means of transportation. Fifteen
hundred of them there met pestilence and death,
without ever seeing an enemy, and now sleep in
a land of strangers, where " memory raises no
trophies o'er their tombs."
But the plan of his campaign was altogether dif-
ferent. He ordered General Taylor to the Rio
Grande without adequate forces, a great deficiency
of all supplies and means of transportation. The
Departmenthad promised him 4,000 regular troops;
he had received but 2,300; and for many long
months he had been writing urgent despatches for
the residue. With his small force he met thrice his
numbers in two hard-fought fields, and conquered.
But particular partisans of the President in this
House assail him because he did not capture the
entire host opposed to him. The gentleman from
Mississippi especially enters into a critical exami-
nation of the conduct of the whole war, up to the
capitulation at Monterey, and he disposes of the
military capacity of Taylor, and Scott, and Wotth, <
and some half dozen others, with as much sum-
mary authority as Hannibal did of Alexander and
Scipio Africanus. To hear that gentleman and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] discourse of
war, and Taylor's battles and blunders, and Scott's
deficiences, one would come to the conclusion that
| there were in this House two most original and
j military geniuses, and altogether competent for lieu-
! tenant generals. Will those gentlemen inform the
j House and the. country how 2,300 troops could
j pursue and capture six or seven thousand, who iiad
j been scattered to the winds by the shock of battle,
and had at first taken to the chaparral, and then
| across the Rio Grande, like so many wild mules?
I And this without a ponton train, which General
i Taylor had so long been asking for in vain uom
] Mr. Polk. So destitute was Taylor's army of mu-
nitions and supplies, that after he had left Fort
i Brown, to open his communications with his depot
! by cutting his way to Point Isabel, the heroimittle
band which he left behind had neither mortars nor
bombs nor shot, to return the fire of the Mexicans
from Matamoros, through a three days' cannonade,
i A tiiHe of mingled shame and indignation will
! Shootthrough the bosom of every American when
! he learns that the defenders of Fort Brown had to
! suspend for hours at a time their fu e upon an enemy
• that was pouring ill upon the men an incessant
storm, and, for the want of ammunition to main-
tain the fight, had, like animals, ingloriously to
burrow under ground.
After such successes, which this heroic old Gen-
eral and his little army had won for themselves,
in despite of the culpable neglect of the President
and Secretary of War, they overwhelmed him
whom they were so recently preparing heartlessly
to sacrifice in case of disaster with some sixteen
thousand volunteers. Yet all this host came with-
out one barrel of pork or flour, without a single
article for the purpose of transportation, and in
total destitution of many other supplies. To trans-
port them and their camp equipage, baggage, c&c.,
from Point Isabel to the Rio Grande, consumed
several weeks; and when Taylor had'got them on'
the way to Monterey, and a portion of them to
Camargo, about four hundred miles up the river,
the Louisiana, Alabama, and Missouri volunteers,
were discharged by the Government, because they
would not serve twelve months. These discharged
volunteers amounted to six or seven thousand, and
had to be transported back to Point Isabel, to be
embarked for New Orleans, which caused another
consideiable delay. About the first of September,-
after great and persevering exertions, a portion of
the army was ready to take up the line of march
from Camargo to 'Monterey. Not a wagon had
then reached the army, nor did a tingle, one until
the 2d of November. Ampudia had denounced
death against any Mexican who should furnish the
Americans with any supplies; yet " Old Rough
and Ready" had gone on, with his characteristic
perseverance, and collected one thousand seven
hundred pack mules, mostly of the counti^. With,
these he transported two thousand seven hundred
and fifty regulars, and volunteers to make six thou-
sand, with fifteen days' provisions, to Monterey.
He had no means to push forward anymore men,
or to take with him a suitable battering train to
assault the strong works of that city. It was
manned by about twelve thousand troops, regulars
and irregulars, and was defended by many works
of solid" masonry and plenty of heavy artillery.
The honor of our arms required a prompt and suc-
cessful blow, and General Taylor determined at
unce to strike it. If I understand the plan of the
battle, the main attack was made on the west by
General Worth; that upon the east side of the
town, under Taylor, was intended as a feint to
favor the progress of the other. The object was
to carry the numerous mountain heights -which
overlooked the city and the works within it, and,
from these secure and commanding points, to pro-
ceed without precipitation or excessive loss to the
complete reduction of the place. Taylor ordered
a detachment of the army, in prosecution of this
plan, to carry one work, and there to pause. The
order Was executed with great spirit; and the troops,
excited by battle and success, pushed on deep into
the town to assail other fortifications. They thus
transcended their orders, and became exposed to
the fire of m&ked and cross batteries, and the
musketry from the windows and parapet walls of
the houses, which caused such dreadful slaughter.
This movement was made against the cool judg-
ment and military experience of General Taylor,
and the consequences were disastrous. However,
the battle was continued through three days of
severe contest, all the defences of the place were
successively carried but the main plaza and another
fort. I'ut these were the strongest works, to which
the entire Mexican force had letreated, numbering
seven thousand regulars and two thousand irregu-
lars, besides the citizens in arms, and estimated to
be a total of eleven or twelve thousand men. They
had amide supplies of every kind, and plenty of
heavy ordnance, in which respect the American
army was greatly deficient, and with but a few
days' provisions. The Mexicans were still un-
conciuered, and Taylor had not enough troops to
invest the plaza, and, as a necessary consequence,
the Mcxican army could any night escape to the
mountains. was assured, too., and had reason
to believe, that the two nations were about to make
peace. lie had not the necessary artillery, sup-
plies or provisions, to take the remaining positions
by regular approaches. The only mode by which
he could possibly carry it was by storm, subject-
ing the city to plunder, and the hapless women
and children to the excited passions of a victorious
and incensed soldiery. Under this state of the
case, he accepted a capitulation of moderate terms
! which had been previously agreed to by three high
I officers of his army, and it is for this capitulation
! that he has been censured by Mr. his Cabi-
, net and his friends in this House. They approved
! his'eonduct in every other respect: the conception
