1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ana
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Reverdy Johnson.
Senate.
command of the President of the United States.
He calls out but a trifling quota. TJp to Novem-
ber last, his War Secretary writes that they want
no more. Five days afterwards ten additional
regiments were called into the field, and as soon as
we meet here, ten additional regiments of regular
troops are demanded. Now, what is, to be done ?
My friend, the Senator from Arkansas, says that
there may be difficulties in the way of effecting
peace; that Mexieo may be unwilling to give up
any territory—territory won by their valor, and
portions of it literally mired by their blood. But
there is, says he, one way of accomplishing it.
The army is in the ascendant. Santa Ana is at its
head. If the army is paid, Ihey may be willing and
they maybe able to make a peace. Willing—how?
Santa Ana being the President of the Republic, by
force of that army, may put down the opposition.
Why, buy up the enemy then, is said to be the
true policy—pay this chosen leader of Mexico the
price that he demands! You may get such a peace
as the Senator says is indicated—a peace indemni-
fying the United States for the expense of this war,
and the debt due to our citizens by,the Govern-
ment of Mexico, by a cession of territory—Upper
California and New Mexico.
Now, Mr. President, let me put it to the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, what would he say if Mexico
should pass such a law as this, appropriating three
millions to buy a peace with the United States—
stating upon its face or by its official commentary,
that they expected to accomplish it, by buying off
Zachary Taylor and his troops? Would not he
and the whole nation be in a fury of indignation
at such an atlempt to tamper with our army?
Peace cannot be made, says the Senator, in the
present state of things—the difficulties are insuper-
able—the character of the peace which we demand,
and which alone we will take, renders those ob-
stacles entirely insuperable—for it cannot be made
but by a dismemberment of the territory of the
enemy. But there is one way to accomplish it.
We have intelligence from Mexico, satisfactory
to the committee—communicated by the President
to Congress—that such a peaco can be obtained.
What, then, is the intelligence which warrants
this particular bill and this accompanying com-
mentary ? Intelligence that the President of the
United Slates can buy up this army—he can in that
way put an end to this war, and get as much terri-
tory as he wants. Now, I ask my honorable friend,
the Senator from Michigan, when he comes to re-
ply-—fbr I know he will, notwithstanding his pres-
ent misgivings—I ask him, as a soldier, full of the
soldier's pride; I ask him as a statesman, imbued
with a statesman's elevated feeling, if he would
consider a peace obtained in that way, an honor-
able peace; or if he would regard it as a peace ob-
tained by a " vigorous prosecution" of this war?
Now, one thing cannot but have suggested itself
to the Senate, §md that is, how it happened that
when io the month of July last—I think it was
July—[A Senator. August]—well, then, when
in the month of August last, Santa Ana, having
his orders no doubt communicated to him, or else
he would not have run the risk of capture, that he
might go into Mexico, the President came to us
with a message in secret session, and afterwards
in public, asking us to give him two millions of
money to enable him to negotiate a treaty, the
honorable Senator from Arkansas—who is sup-
posed, necessarily, to have consulted the Execu-
tive on this subject, now proposes three millions ?
Has Santa Ana raised his demands ? He had not
as much of an army in August as he has now.
The President had more confidence in him in Au-
gust than now—confident in his consciousness, not
that it would keep him straight, but that it might
keep him from going wrong. Why, I ask the
Senator—when he comes to close this debate, as I
presume he will—when two millions were sup-
posed to have been sufficient in August last, three
millions are now indispensable ? Are these three
millions to be considered as part of the expenses
of the war?
[Mr. SEVIER. Yes, part of it.]
There are two armies in the field—the American
and the Mexican; and so it seems we are willing,
out of the treasury of the United States, to pay the
expenses of both, provided Santa Ana thinks pro-
per to cede to the United States at least New Mexi-
co and Upper California! If he does not do it in
a short time, as the Senator intimates, and permits
this war to go on, we will want a great deal more—
perhaps the whole of Mexico. It appears to me
to be a most extraordinary proposition. We are
to make peace with Mexico, who, by the confes-
sion of the Senator, is herself trodden down by
contending factions—who is not .free—who num-
bers amongst her tyrants this very Santa Ana—
who looks to the army with the dread which the
past course of the army is well calculated to in-
spire; we are to make peace with this poor, down-
trodden, impoverished people, who have been
reduced to such an abject and helpless condition
by this very army, and this very leader, by pour-
ing gifts into the hands of their tyrants, and then
transferring them, in spite of themselves, from the
institutions in which they have been bred—fiom
the associations in which they have been brought
up, and which they value, into an integral portion
of the United States, to be subject to our laws and
government! The principle is wrong, Mr. Presi-
dent. I know that the Senator from Arkansas and
those who agree with him, entertain a different
view of this proposition, and, of course, entertain
it on high and elevated grounds. Thai, it is not
for me to doubt. But I have a right to my own
opinion. Standing here then as an American Sen- ;
ator, I declare, with all the emphasis and solemnity
due to the occasion, that this project of termina-
ting the war by dismembering a sister republic is
so revolting to my moral sense, to all my notions
of propriety, honor, and justice, that I would
see my arms sink palsied by my side, rather than
agree tp it! There is a principle pervading the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan, which
is to me even more alarming. I understand it to
be this: Congiess having declared this war by the
act of the I3tli May, it is the duty of the United
States to prosecute it to a speedy and successful
termination; and that only is to be done by ob*
taining a reasonable indemnity, and that the man-
agement of it rests exclusively with the President
of the United States! See where this doctrine leads.
Now, I do not say that this war was brought 011
by any act of the President of the United States,
with which Mexico had a right to find fault.
Others may think it was. I am by no means sure
that a majority of the people of the United Suites,
do not think so. I am not also free fioni doubt,
but that that is the light in which the civilized
world now regards it. The President brings 011
the war—he brings on a state of hostilities, to
use a term used upon a former occasion by the
Senator from South Carolina, farthest from me,
[Mr. Calhoon.] It involves the Congress of tlie
United States in a direct responsibility, by fol-
lowing that state of hostilities, by a declaration
of war. That was done here. The Senator fiom
South Carolina refused to vote—the only Senator ;
who refused. [A Whig Senator. Not the only i
Senator.] I am aware of that. I intended to say i
the only Senator on the other side. He refused to i
vote. He and others thought, then, that there I
was not evidence to satisfy him that the war was j
brought about by the act of Mexico. Our army [
is in peril. The national honor is involved. The 1
glory of our flag is hazarded, it must be saved at
ail and every risk. We pass by the alleged illegal
act of the President. Yv'e instantaneously leap"to
the conclusion, that wo must declare the war m
order to save the national honor. We gave the i
declaration to the world. Now the war is upon us. i
What suys the Senator from Michigan ? Congress I
has just the power to declare the war, but over its I
management, over its termination, over the terms I
of its termination, the powers of Congress are 1111- i
potent! The war must go on untu a treaty is ]
negotiated satisfactory to the President, a d is |
submitted by him to the Senate for ratification. If
he refuses to treat—if he refuses to listen to terms—
if, imbued with the lust of dominion which seems
to have seized upon so many in the United States
to the utter bewilderment of judgment, he is resolv-
ed to get the territories of Mexico, it is his right
to go 011 until he brings Mexico into a condition
in which, sooner or later, she must be if the war go
on, and when we can be indemnified only by a
cession of the whole! What are we to do ? Can
we not even declare our opinions ? Can we not
give an opinion which, if the President of the
United, States thinks proper to resist, would in-
volve him in the danger of a just impeachment? I
am nothere arguing, Mr. President, that the treaty-
making power is not exclusively in the President
and the Senate—that the House have anything to.
do either with the initiatory or final step; but I am
here to maintain that, looking to the character of
the government—looking to the, distribution of
powers amongst the several departments of the
government—looking to the reason which causes;
the whole power of declaring war to be vested in
Congress by the Constitution—-Congress must, ac-
cording to the spirit of that instrument, have some
right to say how it is to be conducted, and when
it is to be terminated. And above all, when- it is -
announced as one of the objects of this war, that
territory is to be acquired, and that t? an extent
which, according to the statement of the President
himself in this message, is equal to the whole of
the territory embraced in the thirteen original
States of this Union, the Congress of the United
States have a right to be heard. The inevitable
result of a different doctrine would be this: that
the President may bring us to a state of hostilities,
which will compel us to declare war, and then he
can go on to prosecute it, until he is tired of his
defeats or his triumphs. Now I am not entirely
certain whether my recollection serves me right 
some Senator on the floor, particularly the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
who was a member of the House at the time, can
no doubt set me right—but I am under the impres-
sion that in the declaration of war in 3813, the
causes of the war and the objects of the war were-
stated in the bill itself—
Mr. CALHOUN. In the accompanying report.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the report, then, which ac-
companied the bill, as the honorable Senator in-
forms me. But we have no report accompanying
tiny with such statements. That was not permitted.
The iron will of a majority, as patriotic, I admit, as
we arc, deemed it proper to rush the declaration of
war through without even a moment's time to de-
liberate. Now, I apprehend, Mr. President, I am
not mistaken when I say, that if, upon the 13th of
May, the President of the United States himself had
sent us a message containing what is contained in
the speech of the honorable Senator from Arkan--
sas—or if the Committee on Foreign Relations had
accompanied the act of the I3th May, with a report
containing what is contained in that speech, that
the object of carrying on this war was to get ter-
ritory, not to vindicate the national rights—not to
drive off supposed or alleged invaders of our soil—
not to protect our sister State of Texas, one of the
States of the Union, and her territories—but, in
order to pay our own citizens the debts due to
them by Mexico, which Mexico was unable, be-
cause of her poverty, to pay, and in order to ob-
tain New Mexico and California—that law could
not have passed this body in that shape, and would
not have passed, Mr. President, for reasons so for-
cibly suggested by my friend who sits near me,
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berkien.] No
man was so blind then—no man is so absolutely 1
blind now—as not to see that the questions to arise
011 the admission of any new territory into the
United States, are questions likely to cause this
Union to totter to its very foundations. We have
seen some indications of the feelings of the South
on this subject, in the language of the learned Sen-
ator to whom I allude. We have seen, if possible,
still more excitement manifested in a resolution
proposed this morning by the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Bagest.] What have we witnessed?
One of the greatest States of this Union—the State
of New York—whose voice will be potential, m
all human probability, in all our subsequent politi-
cal conflicts, through one of her representatives on
this floor presented to this body resolutions which
speak the fixed and abiding opinions of that State
upon this subject. Go beyond the resolutions;
look at the manner in which they were passed.
By consulting the records of the Legislature of
that State we will see that there were but nine dis-
senting voices.
Mr. BAGBY here asked for a reading of the
resolutions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I intend to call for the read-
ing of them in a moment. What takes place in
the coterminous and almost equally powerful State
of Pennsylvania? That State has passed resolu-
tions of the same import, and by a voice equally
loud and decided. The Legislature of Ohio, in
