. a 14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Restriction of Slavery—Mr. Wilmot.
Ho. of Reps.
one of its branches, has proclaimed, in an equally
unanimous voice, almost the same declaration;
and, if I am not incorrectly informed, one of the
branches of the Legislature of the State of Michi-
gan, which the honorable Senator who has moved
the amendment so ably represents, has announced
the same to be her will. Now what is this will?
The resolution of New York speaks the sense of
all; and I stop a moment until the Clerk reads it.
[Here the Clerk read the joint resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, which sets forth " that
' no peace with Mexico can be regarded as honora-
' ble to the United States, which shall not secure
* full indemnity for the aggressions committed upon
* the rights of this country and its citizens, and
' that if any territory is hereafter acquired or an-
' nexed, the act by which it is acquired or annexed
' should contain an unalterable fundamental article
* or provision, whereby slavery or involuntary ser-
' vitude shall be forever excluded."]
The Senator from Alabama, (Mr. Johnson con-
tinued,) at once—for I suppose he did not know
of the existence of the resolutions till he heard
them read—
Mr. BAGBY. I never dreamed of such a thing.
Mr. JOHNSON. ThehonorableSenatorinstinct-
ively at once—and his people will honor him for
it—flics to the rescue of their institutions, which
he supposes to be unconstitutionally and unneces-
sarily assailed by those resolutions. It is not my
purpose, however, to speak now of the subject
which the resolutions embrace.
Mr. BAGBY.- I hope the resolution offered by
me will be read also.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have sent for it, sir.
[The resolution was then read as follows:
Resolved, As the opinion of the Senate, that the resolu-
tion of ihe Legislature of New York, declaring " that if any
' terntoiy is hereafter acrjuned by the United Stales, or an-
*■ riOYcfl thereto, the ant by ivlndi'&ueh teiritory is acquired
< or annexed, whatever such net may be, should contain
( nil unalteiablc fundamental article or provision, whereby
< slaverv or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
< for crime, shall be forever excluded from the terntory ae-
< (juirerl or annexed," is in delegation ol the Constitution of
the United States, ,uul at wai with tile rights and interests
of ihe States in which slavery exists.J
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded. Nobody doubts
that the Senator from Alabama not only speaks his
own opinion, but the opinion of his constituents,
on the subject of that resolution. Sir, I make bold
to say, and I say it after some opportunities of
knowing—that the voice of the North on this sub-
ject will be uniform and unalterable, it is useless
to inquire into the constitutional question involved
in it until it is forced upon us. It is useless to ex-
amine what rights will be left to the South, if it is
to be forced upon us. 1 mention the fact only that ;
there is one universal opinion pervading all politi- j
cnl sects; and f make bold to say, Mr."Prcsident, \
that no Representative, who dales even m accord- !
anee with his convictions, by any act of his, iraou I
this floor or elsewhere, to go against that pervading
sentiment of his constituents, will ever be permit- j
ted again to represent the people. It is a matter
of feeling. It results from a settled and abiding
conviction that slavery is wrong in the abstract as '
well as in reality. It grows out of a belief m the i
extent of human rights. It is a spirit of liberty, !
having us birth and its home in the heart I am
sure that I err not when I say, that if it has not1
already covered the whole North, the whirlwind !
of opinion is rushing on, and no man will be per-.I
mitted to stand who attempts to resist it. There i
is but one way to obviate it, and thank God ! that
way is open to us, and that way leaves us as we :
are—a happy, united, and powerful people—it is
by keeping the question out—by bringing no terri-
tory in; and, in my judgment, it may'be done con-
sistently with the vindication of the national honor, j
What are the hundred or the hundreds of millions
in which this war may involve us? No man will 1
feel the pressuie of it a moment. No man would
know of its existence, unless he were told of the I
fact. For what is additional territory wanted ? i
Have we not enough, not only for the men of the j
present day. but for the hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of millions, who may come into i
existence hereafter? Have we not degrees of;
latitude enough to furnish us with everything !
which may minister to men's wants or comforts" i
as far as depends upon soil or climate? The!
progress of the United States thus far announces !l
that we have ail this. No other people who have
ever appeared on the theatre of the world, in the
past or present time, can compare in any pros-
perity which they may have enjoyed or in any
glory which they may have acquired, with the
prosperity jWhich has been enjoyed or the glory
which has been acquired by the people of the Uni-
ted States, under their present Constitution and on
their present territory. Sir, the war in which we
are engaged will be forgotten except in the splen-
dor of its achievements. They, through all time,
will tell the world what are the extent and ability
of American valor. They will proclaim in all time,
that whenever, and wherever, and however associ-
ated, American courage and American skill, under
the guidance of American wisdom, are equal to
any emergency. But, sir, glories still greater, still
more attractive in the eyes of all good men and
genuine patriots, if we be true to ourselves, await
us. Who is there, looking through- the vista of
time, no matter how fruitful his imagination or
sanguine his temperament, can tell of the power
and happiness which are sure to belong to those
who are to succeed us if this Union lasts? Sir,
the South is in no danger, from whatever you may
term the lowest prejudices of the North, or the
political fanaticism of the political demagogues of
the North, if her people are true to themselves,
and stand together as one man. Let the South
maintain its fealty to the Constitution, and there
need be no apprehension beneath its protecting
aegis. But when a new question is brought into
existence, and new States are to be added to the
Union—when a territory equal in extent, as says
the President of the United States, to the whole
thirteen original States of this Union, is about to
become part of the United States by conquest, then
indeed a new and alarming element is cast upon
i the political waters, and even the most sanguine,
• if patriotic, cannot fail to tremble. In the name
| of all that we hold most sacred and dear, Mr. Presi-
! dent, why is it that wc are willing to hazard such
| an inheritance for such an acquisition? Sir, are
: we not satisfied with the present Constitution of
j the United States? Have we not territory enough
to answer all the reasonable wants of human so-
ciety ? Has not the Constitution given us all the
blessings which man can derive under any con-
ceivable form of government? Sir, the Constitu-
J tinn was reared for immortality, if any work of
[ man can aspire to such an existence. But it may,
to use the woids of another, " perish in an hour
from forgetfulness, conuption, or negligence of its
only keepers, the people!" What is to be done ?
I ask southern men and northern men, again dis-
claiming'any intention to argue the question, till it
is forced upon us, what is to be done if the crisis
come? The North is firm as the soil upon which
her freemen tread. X'he South is equally firm,
endowed with indomitable courage, and fully im-
pressed with a conviction of her rights. What is
to be the result? One of two things—civil war,
in all its inconceivable horrors, or disruption of
the Union, and a violated Constitution. Mr. Presi-
dent, 1 beseech Senators to pause. I point them
to the Union. Pair and undefaced as whenitcame
from the hands of its august founders, that fabric
still stands in all its " stately height" and solemn '
grandeur. Are Senators indeed prepared to be- I
hold its Doric pillars mingled with the dust? Are 1
they willing to see our glorious Union broken i
into shattered and withered fragment of empire?
Are there amongst us any who esteem so lightly this ;
glorious inheritance of ours, that they can regard j
without the utmost alarm, even the possibility of;
such a fratricidal conflict as that of which 1 have
spoken, in connexion with this distracting ques- ]
tion «and all for what? Because Mexico, being ;
too poor, cannot pay what she owes except by a !
cession of territory which we will force from her !
at the point of the bayonet, or failing in that, will '
buy of her. Mr. President, there are many con- 1
siderations connected with this subject, of which I j!
cannot now speak without trespassing unduly on n
t le patience of the Senate. I have but a word to '
say in conclusion. I am sure the Senate and the ;!
public, as far as they have taken any interest in :j
what my course in this body may have been, will jl
UO me the justice to say, that by my votes as a !'
Senator of the United States on this floor, I have j
given a cordial and a hearty support to the present I
Executive m the conduct of this war. I have done !
it at the sacrifice of differing in some particulars
from Senators, to whose judgment I am in the habit
of constantly deferring. I have consulted my own
judgment alone, when, pex-haps, I should have de-
ferred to that of others. But my instincts were
the other way, and I followed them. They taught
me that the honor of my country was involved. I
was resolved, as far as in me lay, to vindicate it.
They taught me that the glory of our flag was about
to be tarnished. I was resolved that, as far as in
me lay, it should be maintained. And I here vote
freely and liberally, and will continue to vote with
equal freedom and equal liberality, for any and
every measure which the President may recom-
mend, if supported by any reasons which can sat-
isfy me that the adoption of such measure will be
necessary for the vigorous and successful prosecu-
tion of the war. I have known, sir, but one party
—my country. I have consulted the interests of
but one party, and the honor of but one party—
the interest and honor of my country. And if I
know my own nature, I shall adhere to the same
party throughout. But that same spirit which
conducted me in the course to which I have allu-
ded, and which caused my heart to leap with joy
at the first tidings of the brilliant achievements of
our army, would constrain me to blush for my
country, if she persisted in exactions upona feeble
and impoverished foe, which the world would
justly anathematize as rapme and plunder. We
are great and powerful, and we can afford to be
magnanimous. But our greatness and power owe
their being to our public virtue. A long and unex-
ampled career of prosperity has been the result.
Let that virtu^ fail us—weaken the moral sense of
the nation—teach the fatal lesson that the property
of others may be seized upon and confiscated—
j pander to the unbridled lust for foreign territory—
i and, in my humble judgment, and I speak it with
entire deference to ihose who differ from me—as
surely as there is a God—whose dread name I pro-
nounce with all reverence—who rewards virtue and
punishes vice, so surely, sooner or later, His re-
buke will descend upon us in some overwhelming
visitations of indignant wrath.
RESTRICTION OF SLAVERY.
S P E E C H OF MR. D. WILMOT,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,,
February 8, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the Three Million
Bill-
Mr. WILMOT addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
| Mr. Chairman: I suppose it will be proper for
j me to notify the committee that I intend to move
I to amend the bill now under consideration, by the
| additional section which has been read, without
j designating the particular place in the bill where I
: desire it to stand. I do not wish to deprive the
j gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Oromgoole,] or
| any one else, of the opportunity to move any
I amendment to this bill; but I am embarrassed by
, the rules of the House, (with which I am but little
j acquainted,) and I do not intend to surrender, or
| be deprived of the floor. I wish to be heard upon
j this question, and I cannot consent to yield to the
1 gentleman from Virginia, and thereby be deprived,
1 by the operation of some parliamentary rule, of
an opportunity of vindicating this amendment,
and the position I occupy before the House and
! the country. It is my privilege, sir, it is my duty,
| to justify myself upon this momentous question;
to vindicate the stand I have taken, and that I am
I resolved to maintain. 1 am not one of those who
move without reflection, or change without reason.
In the discharge of duty, sir, I have stood alone
among my delegation on this floor; on that occa-
sion, sir, m support of the great leading measure
of this Administration. Now, sir, if the delega-
tion choose to change their action, I shall not
shrink from the responsibility of again standing
alone, even in opposition to the wishes of that
Administration, the genera! policy of which I ap-
prove. Intrenched behind the right, neither " pow-
ers nor principalities—things present nor thmss to
come"—shall change my purpose, or swerve me
