1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Restriction of Slavery—Mr. Wilmot.
Ho. of Reps.
are told that our action is premature, untimely.
"Wait," says my colleague, [Mr. McClean,]
" until we get the skin of the lion, before we dis-
pute about his hide." , Sir, we have the skin, and
slavery is already grappling for it. I invoke my
colleague to the rescue. I repeat it, sir, now is
the time, and the only time. Southern men de-
clare that they desire this question settled now.
Neither party should be deceived. The North
ought not to be betrayed under the idea held out
that slavery cannot, or will not, exist there. Let
not the South be deceived. Let no prospect be
held out to her that this war is to result in strength-
ening and extending this institution. Now is the
time, and the honest time, to meet this question.
But I am told you are embarrassing the Admin-
istration by bringing forward this proposition. We
embarrassing it—the majority of Democrats on this
floor! Do gentlemen reflect who make this charge?
Does a declaration that free territory shall remain
free embarrass the Administration ? Does it thwart
iis purposes and policy? Sir, those who make this
charge accuse the Administration of seeking the
extension of slavery over territory now free. Is
this true, or is it a gross slander upon this Demo-
cratic Administration ? We, sir, accused of em-
barrassing the Administration! The majority,sir—
we who constitute a majority of the Republican
party on this floor—who carry out its great prin-
ciples and vindicate its faith and practice! The
charge is idle, sir; unworthy of notice. We have
voted promptly, sir, for all the supplies of men and
money asked for to carry on a vigorous prosecu-
tion of this war. Yet we are charged by southern
men with throwing obstacles in the way of the war.
Sir, I have thrown no obstacles m its way, unless
it is waged for the extension of slavery. If my
amendment embarrasses the prosecution of the
war, then it is a war for slavery, which I am not j
prepared to believe.
Sir, my amendment can interfere with the war
only in two respects: either by frustrating its ob-
jects, or weakening its support. The first it does
not do, unless slavery is its object; nor the second,
uuless for this cause the South are driven from its
support. If the South are so driven, then it will
be apparent to all that, on the part of the South, the i
war was prosecuted for the extension of slavery, i
and not the vindication of the rights and honor of 1
the country. This is my ground. If the war is
not for slavery, then I do not embarrass it with my
amendment. If it is for slavery, then I am de-
ceived as to its objects. The treasure and blood
of the North will not be poured out in waging a
war for the propagation of slavery over the North
American continent. I trust that such is not its
object; yet the attitude of the South on this ques-
tion is susceptible of no other construction.
My colleague [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] suggests
the propriety of waiting until the people of those
territories shall meet together to form their own
1 constitution, and then to let them decide for them-
selves whether slavery shall or shall not be tolerated
within their boundaries. Sir, I am satisfied with
this; it is all 1 ask. I do not, however, doubt the
right of this Government to prescribe binding and
lasting conditions upon new territory admitted into
tins Union. It may declare that upon such terms
and conditions, under'such, and such restrictions
only, it shall be acquired. All I ask is, that the
people be left free to choose for themselves between
freedom and slavery. I only ask that, while it is
territory, under our control and guardianship, its
fiee character shall be sacredly preserved. When
it shall increase in strength and population, when
it shall have attained the stature and vigor of man-
hood, when States are formed and admitted into the
Union, I am willing they should be free to adopt or
reject the institution j)f domestic slavery. I do not
wish to interfere either with the sovereignty of ex-
isting States, or to cripple the sovereignty of new
ones. 1 suppose Pennsylvania could establish sla-
very to-day, if she chose; and so possibly might
Ohio, in spite of the ordinance of 1787. All that
we demand is, that while these provinces shall con-
stitute a part of the territory of the Union, under
the control of this Government, slavery shall not
be permitted to gam a foothold in them. Free they
now arc, and free, with God's help, they shall re-
main. Free territory shall not be fettered, it shall
not be trampled upon; it is ours, and we will hold
on to it with a grasp that shall bid defiance to the
slave power. When territory presents itself for
annexation where slavery is already established, I
stand ready to take it, if national considerations
require it, as they did in the case of Texas. I will
not seek to change its institutions; I will not first
ask the abolition of slavery. I make no war upon
the South, nor upon slavery in the South. I have
no squeamish^ensitiveness upon the subject of sla-
very, no morbid sympathy for the slave. I plead
the cause and the rights of white freemen. I would
preserve to free white labor a fair country, a rich
inheritance, where the sons of toil, of my own race
and own color, can live without the disgrace which
association with negro slavery biings upon free
labor. I stand for the inviolability of free ten itory.
It shall remain free, so far as my voice or vote can
aid in the preservation of its character.
This, sir, is what we ask, and all we ask. Yet
the majority of this House, reflecting the will of a
vast majority of the freemen of this republic, a
majority of the republicans of the North, are
called upon to yield—what? To make concession
of things that ought to be conceded? No; they
are required to surrender the dearest rights, to vio-
late the most sacred obligations. Where is the
northern man prepared to do it? I am a man of
concession, of compromise; but to compromise on
this question is to surrender the right and establish
the wrong. It is to carry slavery where it does
not now exist, to subjugate free territory. If we
refuse to convert free into slave territory, is that an
invasion of the rights of the South? One would,
indeed, suppose so, who had listened to all the
violent declamation about the constitutional rights
of the South, which has been heard in this debate.
While I have, as I before remarked, no morbid
sensitiveness upon this subject, I am, neverthe-
less, one of those who believe that the future great-
ness and glory of this republic demands that the
progress of domestic slavery should be arrested
now and forever. Let it remain where it now is,
and leave to time and a merciful Providence its j>
results. jj
Sir, upon this subject, the North has yielded
until there is no more tr give up. We have gone !
on, making one acquisition after another, until we l!
have acquired and biought into the Union every il
inoh of slave territory that was to be found upon j
this Continent. Now, sir, we have passed beyond
the boundaries of slavery and reached free soil.
Who is willing to surrender it? Men of the North
—Representatives of northern freemen, will you
consummate such a deed of infamy and shame? |
I trust m God not. Oh! for the honor of the J
North—for the fair fame of our green hills and ;
valleys, be hrm m this crisis—be true to your !
country and your race. The white laborer of the |
Noith claims your service; he demands lhat you
stand firm to his interests and his rights; that you j
preserve the future homes of his children, on the i
distant shores of the Pacific, from the degradation j
and dishonor of negro servitude. Where the ne- j
gro slave labors, the free white man cannot labor j
by his side without sharing in his degradation and '
disgrace. j
but, sir, we are threatened with a dissolution of
the Union. It is an idle, harmless threat. It has '
worked so well heretofore, however, that I am not i
surprised it should be employed on this occasion. !
The North has ever been ready to yield when the j
South raised the cry of disunion. Sir, 1 have no
fears for the Union. When southern gentlemen
sit down and revise their estimates of the value of
the Union, no fears need be entertained of a disso-
lution from that quarter. Not that 1 doubt the |
bravery of the South. I know that they dare do
all that brave men dare do, in vindication of their i
rights. 1 would be afraid to invade their rights, i
I would expect, from their known character, and
from the stand they have heretofore taken m de-
fence of State sovereignty and State rights, a man-
ful and spirited resistance. But, sii, I am not
afraid to do right. The South dissolve the Union
without just cause! The Union is valuable to all,
especially valuable to the South. The Union dis-
solved, sir, and it is my deliberate conviction that
southern slavery could not exist twenty years.
The. South, sir, equally with the North, places a
proper estimate upon the value of the Union.
Sir, there is another reason, and a more substan-
tial one, why this amendment should be made
now, and to this bill. For what is this appropria-
tion to be made? To make peace. How to make
peace, I inquire, sir? Not to purchase a humilia-
ting peace. No one supposes this. What return,
then, are we to have for this money? Territory,
sir, territory. My friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. C. J. Ih-
gersoll,] bows; he admits it, sir; I thank him for
the admission; itisfrank.it is true. The chairman
of the same committee in the Senate [Mr. Sevier]
makes the same distinct admission. His language
on this subject is explicit. He says:
" The intelligence possessed by the President gives them
reason to believe, that upon a certain advance to be made,
to pay the expenses of their army [the Mexicans] and other
expenses, tliey would he willing to cede that portion of their
territory which he had named." f Upper California and New
Mexico.]
Why are we to pay the expense of their army?
It is hard enough to fight them, and to pay the ex-
penses of our own army as the war is going on.
Ay, sir, the Mexicans " would be willing to cede
Upper California and New Mexico." This, sir,
is the return we are to have for "paying the Mex-
ican army." Yes, sir, when the bill is before the
House, appropriating the very money which is to
purchase territory, northern men, as an excuse to
vote against my amendment, tell us they believe no
territory is to be acquired; that the movement is
untimely and out of placc; that it is throwing an
agitating and distracting question into our councils
—breaking the unity of the party. An agitating
question, sir! If the South, the minorify, will
yield, there will be no "agitation" upon this sub-
ject. I implore my friends of the Smith to stop
the "agitaton of this delicate question." They
have it in their own hands.
Sir, my reasons for moving in this matter at the
time I did, have been given. I saw the policy of
the Admiriistiation as clearly then as I see it now.
Every man with his eyes open must see it. Ter-
ritory is to be acquired, and money is asked to aid
m its acquisition. I am ready, I am anxious to
give the money; but I seek in the act which ap-
propriates it, a guarantee that free territory shall
be preserved from the aggression of slavery—that
it snail be sealed up and held sacred for freedom.
This is what I seek.
Onegcntleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
submitted a long constitutional argument on this
question, and one, which itseemed to me, frittered
away ail the powers of this Government. I tried
to follow him in his ideas of sovereignty, but his
refinements were too nice for my comprehension.
I became lost in the mists and clouds of constitu-
tional refinements. I understand by sovereignty,
the power that makes laws—a power that demands
of the citizen submission to its authority—that ex-
ecutes the prerogative of enforcing obedience. I
could not undeistand the distinction the gentleman
was pleased to make, when he said " the powers
of sovereignty are one thing, and its being another."
I know of no sovereignty distinct from its attri-
butes. Sovereignty is known by its attributes and
its powers. The theory of our Government places
all sovereignty in the hands of the people. They,
sir, are the true source of this right which we call
sovereignty. But m a political and legal sense,
soveieignty resides in the States and in'this Gov-
ernment. Within the limits of the Constitution,
and m the exorcise of the powers given, this Gov-
ernment is sovereign; and within the limits of their
respective constitutions the governments of the
States are sovereign. Tliey exercise different and
distinct powers, vet each in the powers exercised
are sovereign. The right of the people to alter or
remodel their constitutions, is a right which the
theory and practice of our Government maintains.
That part of the argument of ihe gentle'man from
South Carolina, which places Ihe sovereignty ex-
clusively in the people, would strongly conflict
with the opinions held by that school of construc-
tionists, in the case of Rhode Island. I recollect
that they denied the authority of the people of
Rhode Island to re-construct and remodel their
organic law. In one breath, the gentleman makes
sovereignty reside in the people, and the next in
the States. Indeed, he makes it reside cvciywhera
and anywhere, except in this Government. He
tells us that this Government stands as a naked
trustee for the States, and that the States are joint-
tenants and cosovcreigus over the territories of the
Union. 1 his, sir, is novel. I confess I can form
no idea of a copartnership in sovereignty. Sup-
