1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Strong.
HEo.. of Reps.
lated, not only at home, but have been spread
throughout Mexico and the whole world." Is this
denied ? I have not yet heard any man controvert
these facts; and the President then expresses his
opinion and belief that " a more effectual means
could not have been devised to encourage the ene-
my and protract the war than to advocate and
adhere to their causc, and thus give them aid and
comfortAnd is the President wrong in his
opinion? It is not because he has erred in his facts
and statements, but because he has done what the
humblest citizen claims a right to do—merely given
an opinion, to the truth and justness of which
every person will subscribe—that he is to be de-
nounced with such fierce malignity, and in terms
the most offensive and opprobrious. The Presi-
dent does not even intimate that it is possible for
any member of Congress to have been guilty of
these " misapprehensions," or of entertaining such
" erroneous views;" on the contrary, he expresses
his conviction that they are cherished " but by
few." And yet, what have we seen in this Hall ?
One member gets up after another, claiming and
assuming to be one of " the few," who are not
only willing tacitly to admit that they " entertain
such erroneous views" and "spread them through-
out Mexico and the whole world," but denounce
the President for expressing an opinion that such
conduct is calculated to give €i aid and comfort" to
our enemies. To no other desciiption of persons
does the President's language apply. It is not the
facts, but the opinions of the President, with which
these patriots find fault, and are willing to place
themselves voluntarily within a category which
the President never assigned them, for the purpose
of assailing him and his Administration. First,
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
• Davis] led off the debate, and his speech, or
rather speeches, have been characterized by noth-
ing remarkable, except for the many and varied
epithets of denunciation and abuse which he poured
out promiscuously upon the Piesident. " Usurp-
er," " traitor," u autocrat," " dictator," "Nero,"
''Caligula," "Tiberius," figured conspicuously
in the honorable gentleman's vocabulary. He
even threatened the President with impeachment
for high crimes and misdemeanors, until he seemed
wearied and exhausted with the mighty effort.
Next followed the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] the chief of the Abolition band
upon this floor, and who appears, by common con-
sent, to be the chosen champion and leader of the
Whig or Federal party also here. Following in
the track of his predecessor in debate, he seemed
to labor to outdo him in denunciation of the Presi-
dent, and in the application of vindictive epithets
to him. Moreover, he boldly assumed the cause
of the Mexicans, and argued against that of his
country. His printed speech contains expressions
like these:
" We know that it is a war of conquest, commenced and
catrted on tor the purpose ol dismembering Mexico. Now,
with all these facts bctorc mc, wcic I to vote for the appro-
priation of men and money to continue this wicked and
murderous war, and to carry out the^e de-igns I feel, be-
foic Heaven, that I should make myself a parry to it. I feel
that I should become involved m tiie crimes and bioodshud
of those we send there."
Again:
" I Had intended to have noticed that part of the message
which speaks of the annexation of Texas ; that, beyond all
doubt, was for the extension of slavery."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I consider this a direct
libel on the American people, who themselves de-
cided that Texas should be annexed by the same
vote which made James K. Polk President and
George M. Dallas Vice President of the United
States. But the same honorable gentleman did not
stop here. He declared that were he a Mexican,
as he was an American, he would never yield \v hile
a foreign soldier remained upon the soil of his
country. It is true he thought it necessary to offer
an apology to the country, and to quote an author-
ity by way of justification of his course, as did also
another honorable gentleman, whose remarks I
shall notice presently. " I wish to say to our
' Whig friends, (exclaims the honorable member
'from Ohio,) that the course of conduct which I
4 have prescribed for myself m regard to this war
' has the high sanction of the Whigs in the British
' Parliament when that nation waged an unjust
' war against ourselves." He then launches forth
m strong invective3 against the war and its support-
ers,again and again declaring it to be "murderous"
" unjust," and " felonious," adopting the language
of Fox, Burke, Wilkes, the Duke of Grafton, Lord
Chatham, and others, which he largely quoted.
That I may not mistake or misrepresent the hon-
orable gentleman as to the objects he was striving
to accomplish, and the results he proposed to bring
about by the course he was pursuing, and which
he recommends to his Whig allies to pursue in
relation to the war in which we are engaged with
Mexico, I will quote his own words:
"These were the sentiments," says he, "of the most dis-
tinguished members of the British Parliament—of men
whom we delight to honor. They, sir, were {Whi^s,' and,
by rigidly adhering to the dictates of justice, by their uniform
opposition to the war, which they believed wrong and un-
just, they secured the popular approbation, compelled the
Tories, the advocates of that unjuvt war, to make peace wirii
the colonies, and finally drove them from power, and them-
selves assumed the conuol of Government. I will respect-
fully suggest, that were the Whigs of 1846 to follow the
example of tho-e m the British 1'ailiament of '76, alike
result would follow."
This, Mr. Chairman, is frank and explicit enough
in all conscience. The object of our Federal and
Abolition friends is distinctly avowed. It is to
compel the Administration of the country, who
are designated as Tories, to make peace with Mexi-
co, on terms which our enemy shall dictate, and
get the power of the Government into their own
hands. And is not such language and such con-
duct giving " aid and comfort" to our enemies?
And so it was m the war of our Revolution. The
Americans affected to honor and praise the Whigs
in the British Parliament, because they were aiding
us, and were traitors to their own country. We
took advantage of their treason, whilst we despised
the traitor. And who can tell whether America
owes her independence most to the course which
these British statesmen pursued in the councils of
their country, or to the arms of France, and the
aid furnished us by Louis the Sixteenth? One
thing we do know—that the great Lord Chatham
saw his error when too late; that almost at the
I close of life, when dying and full of grief and rc-
j morse at the prospect of losing the colonies, he
i caused himself to be carried to the House of Lords,
| and, with his expiring breath, implored his coun-
! trymen not to acknowledge our independence,
| nor to surrender and give away the " brightest
i jewel in the diadem" of his sovereign. But it was
j too late. He and his Whig coadjutors had done
| the deed, and the colonies were fiee.
| But I ask, in all humility, is this the example,
| and such the conduct, which are held up for Amer-
j ica to follow in regard to Mexico, and by American
j statesmen, honored by a seat on this floor? Even
j the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
I Winthrop,] who seemed anxious to come to the
1 rescue, and contribute h.s share m this crusade
i against the war and the Administration, could not
1 adopt the exam pie and the plea in justification under
' which the gentleman fioin Ohio [Mr. Giddings] '
j chose to seek shelter. Was he afiaid they would 'I
I grate harshly upon the sensibilities of the American |l
I people? But whilst professing to honor and to
I admire those u illustrious statesmen," he did not jj
! see his "way clear in making their conduct in the jj
: British Parliament, in 1776, the exact model of:!
1 his own conduct here now." He would rather j
" turn to the example and authority of American [
statesmen, hardly less distinguished, and no less i
worthy of admiration and imitation." He reposed !
himself upon the example and authority of John j
Jay, and quoted the opinions of that eminent Fed- j:
oral statesman in 1814, a short time previous to the j!
conclusion of the last war with Great Britain, jj
Under the shield of this authority, he suffered !i
himself to use the following language—more court- j:
ly, perhaps, than that used by the leader of his !i
party before referred to, [Mr. Giddings,] but cer- |
tamly not the less criminative of the Government :!
and Administration of his country: il
uSo, then, Mr. Chairman, if the rulers of our republic shall ';
content themselves with some oidmary inea.-urc ot mi<eon- >'
duct, with some cheap amlvujgiu ini>deme<uioi, the people ■
may anaign and imprach thtm to Then heart'* eontenl.
But let them onl> lift themselves boldly to the perpetration '
of a liagiant crime, let them onlydaie to commit the veiy u
worst act of wbieh they aie capable, and they arc to find !!
their impunity in the veiy enormity of then conduct, and !
are to be salely screened behind the mountain of their own 1 i
misdoing! '
"Tins, sir, is the length to which the President has gone
in ins message. This is the length to which gentlemen have j
followed him on this rioor. ii
" I utterly condemn Uie manner in which the war was l!
commenccd, and the spirit in which it seems now to be pros-
ecuted, and I shall never hesitate to say so.
"As to the origin of the war, I shall say but few words.
It should never be forgotten that its primary cause was the
annexation of Texas; a measure pressed upon the country,
by its peculiar advocates, with a view of strengthening,
extending, and perpetuating the institution of domestic sla-
very.
« Sir, I cherish no feelings of ilk will towards Texas. Now
that she is a member of our Union, I would speak of her in
the terms which belong to the intercourse of sister States.
But I cannot fail to speak plainly in regard to the unconsti-
tutional act of her annexation, and the disastrous conse-
quences which have thus far attended it. Who forgets the
glowing terms in which the addition ot that lone star to our
American constellation was heralded! How much of pros-
perity and of peace, of protection to our labor, and of defence
to our land, was augured from it! Who now can reflect on
it-s consequences as already developed ;*who can think of
the deep wound which, in the judgment of many, it has in-
flicted on our Constitution; of the alienations and heart-
burnings which u has produced among different members of
the Union; of the fearfuilookings-for of disunion which it
has excited; of the treasure it has cost, and the. precious
lives it has wasted, in tiie war now in progress; of the poison
it has in *o many ways minded with the previously health-
ful cuirpnt of our national career—without bein$ rftirnnded
of another lone star, which 'fell from Heaven, burning as it
{ weie a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers,
< and upon the fountains of waters • and the name of the star
{is called Wormwood, and the third part of the waters be-
£ came wormwood, and many men died of the waters because
' thev v\ ere bitter!'
The more immediate cause of the war was the Execu-
tive mode of consummating tins measure of annexation."
This the length to which the President has gone
in his message! Where does the honorable gen-
tleman find it, or anything which, by the remotest
analogy, or the most forced construction, can be
tortured into any such meaning? Nowhere, sir,
but in his own heated and excited imagination.
Let us see, now, whether the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts is more fortunate in his exam-
ple, and his authority to justify his course of con-
duct, than the honorable gentleman from Ohio. Mr.
Jay, in 1814, was a retired American statesman,
but his political opinions and predilections were
well known. He was a Federalist. His political
associates were those of the Hartford Convention
school, and his sympathies and views coincided
with theirs. What was their position at the time
| when Mr. Jay put forth the sentiments quoted by
' the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] with such self-complacent approval?
And here I beg permission to relate an anec-
dote, and then to quote an authority. Jn 1822,
I had occasion to spend the winter in the city
of Albany. Whilst there, a friend of mine and
myself were one day invited to take tea and
spend the evening with a distinguished politician
of the State of JNew York, since deceased, whose
name I see no reason to conceal. It was Solomon
Southwick. During the evening the conversation
turned upon the subject of the late war, and the
ulterior designs of the Federalists of New England.
He said that, late m the year 1814, he happened to
be in Boston and Hartford, and that, from some
cause unaccountable to him, the Hartford Conven-
tion Federalists took him. to he friendly to their
views, and admitted him to their confidence. That
he was, for some time, in frequent and daily in- '
tercourse and conversation with the leading mem-
bers of that convention; that he was told by
them that their plan was nearly consummated;
which was, to secure the principal officers of the
militia thioughout New England to their views;
that they had been already sounded upon the sub-
ject; that the convention had been called to per-
fect the plan and secure concert of action; and
that, at a moment to he fixed upon, they were to
publish a list of grievances, propose an alliance
offensive and defensive with Great Britain, with
whom the matter was in course of arrangement,
place themselves under the protection of that Pow-
er, call in a prince of the blood, (and his name,
I recollect, was mentioned—it was the Earl of Dal-
houMe,) as governor, president, or head of the New
England confederacy, declaie themselves indepen-
dent of the United States, and secede from the
Union. " When they had sufficiently disclosed
1 their views," said Mr. Southwick, " I expressed
' to them my entile dissent, and exclaimed, ' The
'moment, gentlemen, your designs are fully dis-
' closed, and you begin to act in accordancc w;th
' them, half ot you will be hung up at once as trai-
£ tors;'and here my intimacy with the Hartford Con-
4 vention men ended." The gentleman is yet living
who heard with me this remarkable conversation.
He is my neighbor, and was formerly a member
