324*
•APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
"29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Sill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
two plans of operation ought to be selected. It is
a grave question; in my opinion, next in import-
ance only to the war itself. I have given it my
deliberate consideration, and the result to which. I
liave come is, that we ought to choose the defen-
sive position. I shall now proceed to state the
reasons upon which that conclusion is founded.
I believe it is the policy best calculated to bringthe
war ad vantageously to a successful termination; or,
to express it more fully and explicitly—for I wish to
be fully comprehended on this important question—
to bring it with certainty to a successful termination,
and that with the least sacrificc of men and money,
and with the least hazard of disastrous consequences
and loss of standing and reputation to the country.
If I rightly understand the objects for which the
war was declared, I feel a deep conviction that, by
assuming a defensive attitude, all of them may be
eliected. I say,if I rightly understand, for, strange
as it may seem, those objects, even at this late
day, are left to inference. There is no document
in winch they are distinctly enumerated and set
forth by the Government, and of course they can
only be ascertained by viewing the messages of the
President in reference to the war, in connexion
with the acts of Congress recognising its exist-
ence, or for carrying it on. I have examined them,
and particularly the message of the President to
Congress, recommending that Congress should
make war, for the purpose of discovering the ob-
jects for which it was made, and the result is that
they were threefold: first, to repel invasion; next,
to establish the Rio del Norte as the western bound-
ary of Texas; and thirdly, to obtain indemnity for
the claims of our citizens against Mexico. The
first two appear to me to be the primary, and the
last only the secondary ohjcct of the war. The
President, in his messages, did not recommend
Congress to declare war. No. He assumed that
war already-existed, and called upon Congress to
recognise its existence. He affirmed that the coun-
try had been invaded, and American blood spilt
upon American soil. That assumption was based
on the position that the Rio del Norte was the
western boundary of Texas, and that the Mexi-
cans had crossed that boundary to the American
side of the river. This he affirmed was an inva-
sion of- our territory.
The act of Congress reiterated the declaration
that war had been made by the republic of Mexi-
co, and thus recognised the Rio del Norte as the
western boundary'of Texas, and the crossing of
that river by the Mexicans as an act of invasion.
Hence, botii the executive and legislative blanches
of this Government are committed to the fact that
the Rio del Norte is the western boundary of Texas,
and that crossing: it was an invasion on the part of
the Mexicans. To repel tin: invasioiyind establish
the boundary were then clearly the primary ob-
jects of the war. But having got into the war, the
President recommends it to be prosecuted for the
other object I have mentioned—that is to say, in-
demnity for our citizens—a recommendation, in
my opinion, proper; for while we are engaged in
war, all the differences between the two countries
ought, if possible, to be settled. These appear to
me to be the objects of the war. Conquest is ex-
pressly disavowed, and therefore constitutes none
of its objects. The President, in addition, recom-
mends that we shall prosecute the war in order to
obtain indemnity for its expenses; but that in no
sense can lie considered as one of its objects, but a
mere question of policy; for it can never be sup-
posed that a country would enter upon a war for the
mere purpose of being indemnified for its cost.
I hold, then, Mr. President, such being the ob-
jects of the war, that all of them can be accom-
plished by taking a defensive position. Two have
already been thoroughly effected. The enemy has
been repelled by two hnlliant victories. The Rio
del Norte is held, from the mouth to its extreme
source on the eastern side by ourselves. Not a
Mexican soldier is to be found there. As to the
question of indemnity to our citizens, such has been
the success of onr arms that we have not only
acquired enough for that, but vastly more, even to
comprehend, great as they already are, the ex-
penses of the war, if it should be judged to be wise
and just policy on our part to make Mexico re-
sponsible for them. Here arises the question,
shall we hold the line we now occupy, and which
we cover by our military forces, comprehending
two-thirds o'f the whole of Mexico, embracing the
valley of the Rio del Norte on the west side as far
as the Sierra Madre, and on the north to the south-
ern limits of Lower and UpperCaliforniaand New
Mexico—shall we hold all this, or shall we select
some other position better calculated for the object
in view? 1 am not prepared to discuss this point.
I have not the requisite information, and if I had,
it would not be necessary, with the object I have
in view. What I propose to discuss in the absence
of sitch information is, what considerations ought
to govern us in selecting a defensive line. These
must be deducted from the objects intended to be
effected by taking a defensive position.
The first and leading consideration that ought to
govern should be, to select a line that would fully
accomplish the objects to be effected in making the
war; avoiding the appearance, however, of taking
any portion of the country on the mere principle
of a war of conquest. But what may be required
in reference to this consideration may be enlarged
by the other considerations he would now proceed
to state.
The first and most important of them is, that in
selecting a defensive line, it should be such as to
possess, in the greatest degree, such natural advan-
tages as would require the smallest sacrifice of men
and money to defend it; and, among others, such
as would afford every facility for drawing promptly
supplies of men and provisions from the adjoining
country. The next consideration in making the
selection is, that the country covered by it should
be convenient and desirable for us to possess, if in
the ultimate adjustment of the difference between
us and Mcxico it should become the established
boundary of the two countries. I go further, and
add, that it should be such as would deprive Mex-
ico in the smallest possible degree of her resources
and her strength; for, in aiming to do justice to
ourselves in establishing the line, we ought, in my
opinion, to inflict the least possible amount of in-
jury on Mexico. I hold, indeed, that we ought
to be just and liberal to her. Not only because
she is'our neighbor; not only because she is a sis-
ter republic; not only because she is emulous now,
in the midst of all her difficulties, and has ever
bepn, to imitate our example by establishing a fed-
eral republic; not only because she is one of the
two greatest Powers on this continent of all the
| States that have grown out of the provinces for-
merly belonging to Spain and Portugal; though
these are high considerations, which every Ameri-
can ought to feel, and which every generous and
sympathetic heart would feel, yet there are others
which refer more immediately to ourselves. The
course of policy which we ought to pursue in
regard to Mexico is one of the greatest problems
in our foreign relations. Our true policy, in my
opinion, is not to weaken or humble her; on the
contrary, it is our interest to see her strong, and
respectable, and capable of sustaining all the rela-
tions that ought to exist between independent na-
tions. I hold that there is a mysterious connexion
between the fate of this country and that of Mexico,
so much so, that her independence and capability
of sustaining herself are almost as essential to our
prosperity, and the maintenance of our institutions,
as they are to hers. Mexico is to us the forbidden
fruit; the penalty of eating it would be to subject
our institutions to political death.
The next consideration is, that the line should
be such, in the event of its being ultimately estab-
lished between us, as would lead to a permanent
peace between the two countries; and, finally, that
it should be such as would lead to as speedy a
peace as possible, and for this purpose it should
be eminently coercive. Neither of these requires
any illustration.
Such being the considerations that ought tg gov-
ern us in selecting a defensive line, the next ques-
tion is, what line would best fulfil them; and here,
again, I am not prepared to pronounce definitively.
It requires a more exact knowledge of the country
than I possess or can derive from any of the maps,
all of which, there is reason to believe, are more
or less imperfect. But while I do not feel myself
prepared to pronounce definitively, I am prepared
to suggest a line, which, in my opinion, to a very ,
great extent, will fulfil most of these considerations; j
and what recommends it more strongly to me is the 1
fact, that it is substantially the one which the Ex- J
ecutive themselves, as I infer from the declaration I
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, contemplate establishing,even in the event
of a successful offensive war. The line to which I
refer is the following: beginning at the mouth of
the Rio del Norte, and continuing up the same to
the Pass del Norte, or southern boundary of New
Mexico, about the thirty-second degiee of north
latitude, and thence due west to the Gulf of Califor-
nia, which it would strike, according to the maps,
nearly at its head, and thence down the Gulf to the
ocean.
I now propose to turn back and compare this
line with the considerations which I have laid
down, as those which ought to govern in selecting
a defensive line. It will secure all the objects for
which the war was declared. It will establish the
Del Norte as. the western boundary of Texas
throughout its whole extent, from its mouth to its
source; it will give us ample means of indemnity,
even if the cost of the war itself should be deemed
proper to be included in the indemnity, which, as
at present advised, I am far from being disposed
to countenance. The next consideration is, that
the line should be such as would involve in its
maintenance the least sacrifice of men and money.
In reference to this, the one suggested has great
advantages. In the first place, on its east side, the
Del Norte would constitute the line, a broad, rapid,
and navigable stream, of which we would have the
entire command; and in the next, it would be near
to the settled parts of Texas, from whence, in ari
emergency, the forces and the means of supply
necessary for its defence may be promptly derived.
The whole extent of this portion of the line is less
than four hundred miles, measured on the map.
I have consulted the opinions of military men of
judgment and experience, in reference to its de-
fence, and they inform me that three forts properly
located—one not far from the mouth of the Del
Norte, another somewhere near Camargo, and a
third at the Pass del Norte, properly constructed,
and garrisoned with a suitable force—would be
sufficient for its defence. The fort at the Pass del
Norte would, from its position, not only defend
the river itself, but protect New Mexico, by com-
manding the only passage through which the Mex-
icans could invade it. Pour regiments would be
ample to garrison the forts, after the first year,
when they would be completed.
The other portion of the line, extending from
the Pass del Norte to the Gulf of California, and
thence through the gulf to the Pacific Ocean, would
be still more easily defended. The part which ex-
tends from the mountains that border New Mexico
on the west, and which separate the waters of the
Del Norte from those whic^fi fall into the Colorado
and the Gulf of California, passes through a coun-
try inhabited on both sides by Indian tribes through
its whole extent, and requires neither men nor forts
for its defence. It is in length about three hun-
dred and fifty miles. The residue is covered by
the Gulf of California. A few small vessels, which
could be furnished under the peace establishment,
with a single regiment, would be ample for its de-
fence and the protection # of California. Hence,
five regiments, with a small naval force, supported
by the contiguous population, would be sufficient
for the defence of the whole line against any foice
which Mexico could bring against it.
The next point to consider is, what would be
the expense of maintaining this force, in addition
to what the peace establishment would require.
On this, too, I have consulted officers of expe-
rience, and they are of opinion that two and a
half millions or dollars annually would be suffi-
cient.
The next consideration is, that the country to be
covered should be convenient and desirable to be
held by us, if, as has been stated, on the settlement
of our differences with Mexico, the line should be
established as the permanent boundary. And here
again it possesses striking advantages. It is con-
tiguous to us. It has on its eastern side the Rio
del Norte as the boundary between it and Texas,
and on it? northern, the southern boundary of Or-
egon, through its whole extent. But what makes
it still more desirable, and what is of vastly more
importance to us, is the very circumstance which
makes it of little value to Mexico, as it regards its
strength or resources; and that is, that it is almost
liteially an uninhabited country. It covers an area
of 600,000 square miles, with a population of less
