1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Mexican War and WUmot Proviso—Mr. Brodhead.
Ho. of Reps.
supposition, would not be equally opposed to the
further prosecution of the war and the acquisition
of territory ? And how can this war be vigorously
carried on for a third campaign, with this known
pointed division of opinion between these two
great portions of the Union as to the ultimate dis-
position to be made of the territory to be acquired?
But I will suppose, that all these difficulties are
surmounted—-that men and money may be had,
and that unanimity and zeal existed on ail points—
the question then presents itself, can you, should
you not obtain peace in the city of Mexico,—can
you bring this war to a successful termination by
subduing the country? Can you certainly?—not
probably. That is the question. Look at the
history of such wars carried on by powerful and
^highly civilized nations against others poor and
less civilized, in mountainous regions like Mexi-
co—the wars of Russia against" the Caucasians,
and the war of France against the Arabs in Al-
geria—and take warning. In both there has been
powerful and effective resistance against the best
troops in Europe, under the lead of their most ex-
perienced generals. And are we to expect to sub-
due the country without encountering like difficul-
ties? Are you certain that you will not, and that
the war will be brought to a termination at the end
of the third campaign r—that you can effect in a
single campaign what has cost France already in
Algeria, sixteen—and has cost Russia in the Cau-
casus, I know not how many?—and it may be
added, which cost us against a paltry band of In-
dians in Florida, five campaigns and thirty millions
of dollars? Well, then, if we are not certain, this
war may go on, if offensive operations are to be
continued, to the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and
I know not what number of campaigns. I say
may, for the mere possibility ought to be sufficient
to deter a wise people from a policy which would
lead to such disastrous results, as would a long
and protracted war, in attempting to subdue Mexi-
co, and where especially so little is to be gained.
What can we gain, if success should finally crown
our efforts, by subduing the country? What would
we do with it? Shall we annex the States of
Mexico to our Union? Can we incorporate a peo-
ple so dissimilar from us in every respect—so little
qualified for free and popular government—with-
out certain destruction to our political institutions?
Or can we bring into our Union eight millions of
people, all professing one religion, and all concen-
trated under a powerful and wealthy priesthood,
without subjecting the country to the most violent
religious conflict, and bringing the Government in
the end under control of a single sect? No. These
difficulties are insurmountable. The question then
recurs, what shall we do with the country? Shall
we hold it as a subject province? Consequences
not less fatal will result from this disposition of it.
It would end in the loss of liberty, as it ever has,
where free States undertake to hold in subjection
extended provinces. The process would be short
and easy. It would be followed by enormous
patronage, and that again by a corresponding in-
crease of the power and influence of the Executive,
and end finally in despotism, by making that de-
partment absolute. Such would be the inevitable
results, if you should undertake either to incor-
porate them into the Union, or to hold them as
subject provinces, unless, indeed, the stern conflict
between the slaveholding and non-slaveholding
States, as to the disposition to be made of the ter-
ritory, should give a different turn to the conquest,
and terminate the whole in a disrupture of the
Union, •
But if the dread of these results should deter-
mine us to abandon, after wc had subdued it, what
we shall acquire by a further prosecution of the
war—as we certainly would, if we acted wisely—
hnw strongly it would illustrate the folly of what
is called a vigorous prosecution of the war. It
would, on that supposition, leave us, as far as the
acquisition of territory is concerned, after all our
mighty sacrifices and the hazards and disasters to
which we may be exposed, where we now stand,
and where we may stand and maintain ourselves
with perfect certainty, with little or no sacrifice of
men and money, and without any hazard of disas-
trous consequences.
We would be fortunate, among these sacrifices,
to escape without an appalling loss of human life,
and an immense burden in the shape of a public
debt, to be followed by permanent and irretrieva-
ble loss of free trade for generations to come, to
say nothing of the disastrous consequences which
the vastly increased patronage of the Government
may have upon our free institutions, and the loss
of reputation and standing as a Government and a
people, should we, after putting forth all our efforts
to subdue the country in a vigorous war, be baffled
in the attempt.
When I said there was a mysterious connexion
between the fate of our country and that of Mexi-
co, I had reference to the great fact that we stood
in such relation to her that we could make no dis-
position of Mexico, as a subject or conquered
nation, that would not prove disastrous to us; nor
could we conquer and subdue her without great
sacrifice and injurious effects to our institutions.
Hence my opinion, already expressed, that it is
our true policy not to weaken or humble her, but
to desire to see her under a safe and stable govern-
ment, and capable of sustaining all the relations
which ought to exist between independent nations.
Situated as the two countries are to each other, my
conviction is deep that the prosperity of each, and
the maintenance of free and popular institutions on
the part of both, depend greatly upon our pursuing
towards her a just and liberal course of policy. In
this view, I hold this war to have been a great de-
parture from our true line of policy, and therefore
deeply to be deplored. Should we be so unfortu-
nate now as to commit the error of determining to
prosecute offensive operations vigorously, instead
of taking a defensive position, we shall take a step
which I fear we shall long have to rue. Thus
thinking, I regard it a paramount question—party
is nothing to it; but let me say to whatever party
may advise it, that they stake their fate upon a cast
which may end in their overthrow and ruin, to say
nothing of the higher consideration of disasters to
the country, on which I have so fully dwelt.
There is but one way of escape, as far as I am
capable of seeing, and that I have suggested. I
might say much more to enforce its adoption, but
forbear consuming the further time of the Senate.
The way I have suggested is not the result of re-
cent reflection, for I have long looked upon the
subject with intense interest. Nor is it the first
time I have suggested it in my place. During the
last session, in a discussion while our doors were
closed, on the bill appropriating two millions of
dollars for a like object, I suggested, but more
briefly, the same plan of policy as the most advisa-
ble couise, and the only one, as far as I could see,
likely soon to bring the war to a certain and suc-
cessful termination.
With a few observations in reference to mj^self
I shall close my remarks. I shall feel myself com-
pelled, as the Senate will readily perceive from
what I have said, to vote against the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan. In reference to that
amendment and the bill itself, I reserve an expres-
sion of opinion until I see further developments,
both as to the course of policy intended to be pur-
sued in conducting the war, and the great domestic
question to which I have alluded. My vote may
depend upon developments as to both.
MEXICAN WAR—WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF MR. R. BRODHEAD,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1847.
The Bill to appropriate Three Millions of Dollars,
to be used by the President in negotiating a peace
with Mexico, being under consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Norris, of New Hampshire, in the chair—
Mr. BRODHEAD said: I have sought and ob-
tained the floor at this time as well for the purpose of
making known some of the views and sentiments
which I entertain upon the various questions grow-
ing out of our relations with Mexico, as to express
my dissent to the amendment submitted and advo-
cated by my honorable colleague [Mr. Wilmot]
last evening. The questions to which I refer are,
to some extent, novel in their character, and of
the greatest magnitude; their decision and the re-
sult of the war will vitally affect the character and
prosperity of this nation. They have been to me
a source of great anxiety and perplexity. I feel,
deeply feel, the responsibility which my station
imposes; but I trust I will be able to meet it with
a firmness and correctness of motive, at any rate,
becoming a legislator occupying a seat in this great
arena of national concern.
This is a crisis in our national history in which
legislation should be the result of calm, statesman-
likedelibcration; when party feeling should .foe sacri-
ficed and forgotten, and questions decided upon the
suggestions of patriotism alnne. It has been the
misfortune of this country that partisan feeling has
been permitted to dabble in our foreign affairs. I
intend to speak without reference to party consid-
erations, but at the same time without reserve,
though some of my opinions may be in conflict
with those entertained by gentlemen for whom I
have the highest regard. Freedopi and puiyicity
of debate are essential to the preservation of our
free institutions. But in thus speaking, I trust I
will not so far forget myself as to follow the exam-
ple of some gentlemen who have preceded me, by
substituting the exasperations of personality for
the calm logic and chaste animation of debate
which should ever characterize the deliberations
j of this body.
I The points of inquiry which present themselves
j in connexion with our foreign relations I think
! may be thus stated:
j I. Is the war in which we are now engaged with
j Mexico a just and necessary one upon our part? I
I think it is, as I will attempt to show before I con-
! elude.
j 2. What is the object of this war? If it is to
J punish an aggressor, and to obtain indemnity for
! the past and security for the future, what extent
1 of punishment should we inflict, and what kind
of indemnity demand? If indemnity by the ex-
tension of our territorial limits, it brings with
it the question of slavery, which has unnecessa-
rily, this session, as well as heietofore, produced
so much excitement in both branches of Congress,
and upon the decision of which, in a certain way,
it is said, depends the existence of our Union. Is
the extension of our domain desirable, or beneficial,
even if we could do it in conformity with the Con-
stitution and the wishes of the people inhabiting
the provinces of Mexico proposed to be annexed?
Under this head I will consider my honorable col-
league's proposed amendment, and notice some of
his remarks.
Upon the first of these propositions I will oc-
cupy but little time, because the subject has been
elaborately discussed in the Executive message, and
by several gentlemen who have preceded me in the
debate. Preliminary, however, to an examination
or discussion of either of them, I desire to make a
few remarks of a general character, appropriate, I
trust, to the subject in hand.
War, even though it may be waged in a foreign
country, is so dreadful an alternative, so destruc-
tive in its effects, that it should never be under-
taken without the most urgent necessity; and when
it is, it should be prosecuted with the utmost vigor.
It is the enemy of progress and civilization; it calls
forth the worst feelings of the human heart; it im-
poverishes the people by taxation; it is the friend
of ignorancc, and the ally of despotism. It leads
to the concentration of power in the hands of the
Executive, the creation of a large national debt,
and the depreciation of the currency of the coun-
try by excessive paper issues—three things, against
which the Democratic party have ever contended.
But a few days ago wc were obliged to issue a
kind of circulating medium, founded upon the
credit of the Government, in the shape of treasury
notes, to the amount of twenty-three millions of dol-
lars. We were obliged to convert the Treasury
Department into a kind of Bank of the United
States. I voted for the bill, it is true, and I did it
cheerfully, because the necessities of my country
required it. I will not withhold "aid and com-
fort0 from our brave soldiers, or anything which
the President might require to prosecute the war
to a " speedy and successful termination." With
the President was the responsibility; the Constitu-
tion makes him the commander-in-chief of the
army and navy; and all the means in men and
money, therefore, which he might require, so far
as my vote is concerned, he shall have.
But, notwithstanding the evils of the war refer-
red to, they must be endured; and they sometimes
