APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
29tii Cong 2d Sess.
Meorican War and Wilniot Proviso—Mr, Brodhead.
Ho. of Reps.
have beneficial results. It is said by the "poet—
<e Sweet are the uses of adversity."
Nations, as well as individuals, sometimes have
too much prosperity; for all history teaches that
.the first step in the downward road to ruin is gen-
. erally taken in. the hour of the greatest prosperity,
"and therefore an occasional reverse of fortune has
a tendency to check pride, and produce proper re-
flections and circumspect conduct. Nations, how-
ever anxious for peace, cannot expect to escape
occasional collisions_with other Powers, until evil
shaH cease to molest"the world. Nations, too, like
individuals, are often troubled with unreasonable,
quarrelsome, vain-glorious,and litigious neighbors;
and to punish them a little; becomes absolutely ne-
cessary in order to secure peace. Very peaceable
and just individuals are sometimes obliged to insti-
tute "suits in the courts of law, in order to obtain or
protect their rights. Wars are but the lawsuits of
nations. I have looked into all the books, which
have not been taken out of our library, upon inter-
national law, for the purpose of ascertaining what
are considered just causes of war. These books,
it is said, contain the gathered wisdom of a thou-
sand years, and the collected reason of ages.
They contain the rules which the customs of all
Christian and civilized nations have sanctified, and
which no nation can disregard with impunity. Our
Constitution recognises them as of binding effi-
cacy.
Vattel, one of the best writers, states the fol-
lowing triple end to be the characteristic of lawful
war:
1. To recover what belongs or is due to us.
9. To provide for our future safety, by punish-
ing the aggressor.
3. To defend ourselves from an injury, by re-
pelling an unjust violence.
The present war with Mexico, I admit, was not
commenced for the purpose of recovering what that
nation owes us, although the debt is large, but for
the purpose of providing for " our future safety,"
by " repelling an unjust violence," and " punish-
ing an aggressor." _ Mexico refused to determine
the questions in dispute with this nation by the
ordinary peaceful means, and declared at once that
they should be referred to the decision of the
sword. We have accepted the issue which has
thus been forced upon us; and I think we can ap-
peal with safety, as in our pgst wars, to the God
of righteous battles. Tile war was accepted upon
our part for the purpose of providing for our futuie
safety, for the purpose of " conquering a peace,''
as it was said at the time, arid not for the purpose
of territorial aggrandizement. I
In our act of the 13th of May last, which accepts j
the war with Mexico, and provides for its prose- i
cution, the President was directed to prosecute it
to a " speedy and successful termination." Notli- [
ing is said in that act about the acquisition of ter- ;
ritory; nothing is said about compelling Mexico 1
to pay us in land what she owes us for spoliations
upon our commerce; nothing is said about prose- i
cnting the war until she pays our citizens for j
seizing their property unjustly, and contrary to I
the law of nations. The President says, in his 1
message at the opening of the present session, !
" the war has not been prosecuted with a view '
to conquest." Can this war be brought to a
" speedy termination," if we make this idea of the
acquisition of territory so prominent ? The Pres-
ident further says: "Near the close of the last
' session, tor reasons communicated to Congress
I deemed it important, as a means of securin0, a
' speedy peace with Mexico, that a sum of monev
' ($2,000,000) should be appropriated and placed in
' the power of the Executive," &c. I, therefore,
inter that a " speedy peace" is the obiect.of the
President, and not a large acquisition of land
lexashas always been considered valuable, and
the I yler treaty provided for the payment of ten
millions for it. In making a treaty with Mexico,
Upper California and the valuable bay of San
Francisco might be ceded to us for a pioper con-
sideration, but not as a result of the war; but I do
not believe that the President ever designed to ob-
tain territory below the Rio Grande, even if that
land were valuable. In none of the books which
I have examined do 1 find the acquisition of terri-
tory by conquest sanctioned. Everybody knew
that the land-stealing and land-conquering propen-
sities of Great Britain have disgraced her in the
eyes of civilized nations. The Roman republic
ruined itself by its triumphs, and the excess of its
conquests and power. Territory has been con-
quered and people subjugated-, but I have yet to
find the fy-st instance in history where the con-
querors profited thereby. They generally dispute
about the manner of dividing it. It is true that
savage nations have given way to the advances of
civilized man, but that is not conquest in the
proper acceptation of the term. Old William
Penn adopted the proper mode of acquiring terri-
tory from savage and semi-civilized people. But
I am anticipating my argument upon the second
branch of the subject, and I will therefore forbear
further remark in this connexion.
But it is said, Mr. Chairman, that this war must
be prosecuted until we have an "honorable peace."
Honorable peace means just about as much as "ju-
dicious tariff"—any thing or nothing. I would have
a settlement of our difficulties with Mexico upon
just and equitable terms, and a little apt application
of common sense in bringing it about, instead of
the false notions of honor and glory which seem
to be prevalent. Many wars have had their ori-
gin, or heen continued, from erroneous conceptions
of national glory. It is said to be honorable among
persons calling themselves gentlemen, in certain
sections of this Union, to settle disputes or avenge
injuries with pistols at ten paces, to explode false-
hood with gunpowder; for one gentleman to suffer
another who has injured him to take a shot at him;
but that is neither reasonable nor just. But hap-
pily for the peace of the world and the safety of
individuals, nations of equal strength, and gentle-
men who are known to have equal courage, and to
be of equal skill in shooting, have a way of special
pleading themselves out of difficulty, and soothing
wounded vanity, which is entirely incomprehensi-
ble to people governed by the ordinary rules of
cpmmon sense. I would discard these false notions
of honor, and the tricks of diplomacy; I would
have my country famous; but, in the language of
Byron—
" Of that good fame,
Without which, glory is but a bar-room song "
The love of reputation, and the desire of a good
name, is the foundation of all public and private
worth. Itis thegoodcharacterofthis country which
has enabled us to conquer, to prosper, and to go
forward with such unexampled progression. True
national glory, however, at this time of day, does
j not depend alone upon successful efforts in war.
I No nation has lately questioned or doubted our
| courage: let us do nothing which would lead na-
tions to doubt our justice or magnanimity. My
honorable colleague, [Mr. C. J. Ingeksoll,] in his
report upon the subject of this Mexican war, made
on the 24th of June, 1846, truly says: "The des-
tiny of this country is to develop the useful arts in
peace, not to live by war." And I say that neither
Christianity nor republican principles are to be
propagated at the point of the bayonet. It is said
that the Oregon question was settled in an honor-
able way, that is, by claiming the whole, and when
the roar of the British lion was heard, giving up
half. I voted for every measure which went to
assert our claim to the whole of that territory; for
I would much rather yield to weak and distracted
Mexico, than to proud, grasping, and imperious
John Bull. But the Oregon question is settled.
The treaty-making power gave up territory enough
to make three or four States, and I am obliged'to
submit.
Partisan feeling, Mr. Chairman, and political
advancement, have had, in my opinion, a great
deal too much to do with this Mexican war. I
speak it with humiliation and regret; but the great
delay occasioned thereby, and truth, require me to
say it. I have seen too much political jockeying
on all sides of the question, to please me. Look
at the amount of Buncomhizing which was done in
this Hall upon the land bounty bill, and upon the
resolution of thanks to General Taylor, and his
officers and men, for their successful effort in
storming Monterey. The Whigs have assumed
a partisan attitude upon the subject. They de-
nounce the war as unjust, notwithstanding it is
authorized by an act of Congress, passed by an
unprecedented majority. They refuse to submit
to the law of the land; and how, therefore, can i
they be called a law-loving and law-abiding peo- !
pie ? When war is either declared or adopted by 1
Congress, is it not the war of the country ? Does
not the Constitution say that Congress alone shall
have power to declare war? Is there any other
means by which a war can be made that of the
country? And does it not follow that every citi-
zen who does not sustain that law, in word and
deed, is against his country? In a state of war
every man of the one nation is at war with every
individual of the hostile nation. Is it not the boast
of every good citizen that we live in a land of law
and constitutional liberty, where our persons and
our property are protected by the strong arm of
the law? And is it not, therefore, the duty of
every good citizen to sustain the law, particularly
when a foreign enemy opposes it, until it is re-
pealed? Why say that they vote supplies, when
it is unjust? Can a law be sustained in this coun^
try, or a war be carried on successfully, against
public opinion? Does not the Government rest
upon the shoulders of the people? If the Whigs
in this House believe what they say, they ought
to bring in a bill, at once, to repeal the act of the
13th of May last, which is our declaration of war.
Is it to be supposed that Mexico is not looking to
the political condition of this country, and regula-
ting her conduct thereby? Is it to be supposed
that the leaders of the war party in Mexico do not
reason in this way to the people ?—" The Whigs
and Abolitionists in the United States are opposed
to the war against us; they say it is unjust, and
the President ought to be impeached for taking the
steps which produced it. In 1848 they have an-
other election for President. The Whigs are a
powerful party; and if they succeed, their candi-
date will take the Executive chair on the 4th of
March, 1849;and he will then withdraw the Amer-
ican army from Mexico, pay us for the injury we
have sustained by this unjust war, as they admit
it to be, and perhaps ask our pardon for flogging
our troops at Palo Mto, Re sac a de la Palma, and at
Monterey. Let us therefore continue this war for
two years more; at any rate, it will cost these
northern barbarians (as they call us.) at least two
hundred millions of dollars, and we may succeed,
through a Whig administration of that Govern-
ment, in obtaining all we want."
I ask whether such an argument, addressed to
an ignorant and vainglorious people, would not be
justified by the conduct of the Whigs, and a po-
tent one in rousing them to most determined acts
of hostility against this country—at any rate, for
two years longer? How can the Whigs say they
are in favor of a " speedy peace," when they place
such arguments in the mouths of the Mexicans
against us? If the Whig party should happen to
get into power by the 4th of March, 1849, (an
event which they say is to happen,) and this war
should be continued until that time, is it supposed
that the Mexicans would be too magnanimous to
take advantage of the admissions of the Whi<*
party and the Whig President in their favor, when
negotiations for a peace were opened ? Would not
the Mexican Government have a right to demand
from a Whig President the retrocession of the
whole of Texas ?
But this is not the first time that a party has
been found in this country which refused to submit
to the will of the majority when constitutionally
expressed, and to sustain their own Government
when in difficulty with a foreign nation. In 1810
we had a dispute with Spain in regard to limits
growing out of the Louisiana purchase. Spain
claimed the territory between the Perdido and the
Mississippi rivers, and we claimed it by purchase
from France. Mr. Madison took possession of
the territory, although in dispute, and that was de-
clared in Congress to be an unauthorized act of
a usurpation of a legislative function.
Mr. Clay, then in the Senate, defended the Admin-
istration of Mr. Madison; and if gentlemen want
to see a masterly defence of the position and pol-
icy of President Polk in regard to our dispute with
Mexico in reference to limits, I recommend them
to read Mr. Clay's speech, delivered on the 25th
of December, 1810. Members of Congress, at that
day, opposed the pretensions of their own Gov-
erment; and Mr. Clay, with his inimitable elo-
quence and sarcasm, thuslrebukes them:
"Allow me, sir, to express my admiration at the more
than Aristidean justice which, in a question of territorial
title between the United States and a foreign nation in
duces certain gentlemen to espouse the pretensions of the
