1847:]
29th Cong 2z> Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE COJVGkfiSSlGlVAL ^LOfiE.
Mexican War and Wiltnot Proviso—Mr. Brodkead.
"Ill
Ho. or Reps.
foreign nation. Doubtless, in any future negotiations, she
will have too much magnanimity to avail herself of these
spontaneous concessions in her favor made on the floor of the
Senate of the United States."
And upon the subject of taking possession of
territory in dispute which had been ceded to us,
he thus further speaks:
" I have no hesitation in saying, that if a parent country
will not, or cannot, maintain its authouty in a colony adja-
cent to us, and if there exists in it a state of misrule and dis-
order menacing our peace, and if, morever, such colony, by
passing into the hands of any other Power, would become
dangerous to the integrity of the CJnion, and manifestly tend
to the subversion of our laws, we have a right, upon the
eternal principles of self-preservation, to lay hold upon it."
The whole of the speech fully sustains the posi-
tion of the Democratic party in regard to the right
of this Government to take possession of the ter-
ritory between the .Nueces and the Rio Grande. It
is an authority which has not yet been cited in the
debate, and I commend it to the special attention
of my Whig friends. But the most notable in-
stance of opposition to a law of the United States,
and of aid and comfort to an enemy, occurred in
1812. On the 1st day of June, 1812, Mr. Madi-
son sent to Congress a message recommending a
declaration of war against Great Britain, and on
the same day it was considered in secret session,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On the 3d day of the same month Mr. Calhoun re-
ported a bill declaring war, in accordance with the
recommendation of the President, and the next
day it passed the House by a vote of 79 to 49. Let
gentlemen who complain that time is not allowed
them to consider and debate great measures, ob-
serve with what promptness our predecessors in
this Hall did business. As soon as the bill pass-
ed the Senate, which was very speedily—much
more so than our bill for raising ten regiments—
thirty-twoof the members of the Congress who had
voted against it issued an address to the people of
the United States, denouncing its objects and pur-
poses as unjust, &c. This, too,is another authority
which has not yet been cited,''and is to be found in
the second volume of Niles's Register, page 309. I
need hardly add that the names of the thirty-two are
not now held in grateful remembrance by their coun-
trymen. Their address was an appeal to the peo-
ple against an act of their own Government when
in difficulty with an enemy, which tended to anar-
chy and confusion; and if they had joined the
enemy at once, they could not have more effectu-
ally aided him.
The troth is, that this war with Mexico has got
to be a serious affair; and if it continues much
longer, the people will be obliged to take its manage-
ment out of the hands of politicians and generals,
■who have an eye to political advancement and the
Presidential chair. We will be obliged to quit
talking and blustering about the dignity of the na-
*tion, the honor of our .flag, and the glory of our
arms, (stately and imposing terms, it is true, but
calculated to mislead the judgment,) and go to work
like sensible and practical men, or onerous taxa-
tion and loss of national character will be the re-
sult.
With these preliminary remarks, I come to the
discussion of the propositions in the order stated
in the commencement of my remarks.
1st. Is the war in which we are now engaged a
just and necessary one on our part?
The pertinacity with which the Whigs in this
House insist that the war was occasioned and
brought on by the order of the President advan-
cing the army from Corpus Christi to the Rio
Grande, I confess, has been to me a matter of sur-
prise; and the rudeness of their language, in de-
nouncing him for making the order, has been to
me a source of deep regret. Look how the British
journals gloat over the speeches of the Whig mem-
bers, for the purpose of bringing our republican
form of government into disrepute. But, sir, I
trust and believe that they will find the President
too honest to be purchased, too firm to be bullied,
to watchful to be surprised, and too shrewd to be
deceived. If they were to assert that the annexa-
tion of Texas produced the war, and that the army
of this republic should never, for any cause what-
ever, be used for the purpose of invading an ene-
my 's country, I admit there would be plausibil-
ity in the positions which they assume. But it
is now admitted on all sides, in this House, that
the annexation of Texas was not a just cause of
"war, and that it was the duty of the President,
when annexation was about to be consummated,
to order the army into Texas, to protect the people
of that State from invasion. It is admitted, also,
that he should not be held responsible for the an-
nexation, and that he was justified in advancing
the army to Corpus Christi. Now, let us look at
facts and dates, and see if he was not justified—
nay, whether it was not his duty—to advance the
army to the banks of the Rio Grande; particularly,
if he believed our title to the territory between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande to be as good as that
of Mexico.
1. On the 1st day of March, 1845, the joint reso-
lutions providing for the annexation of Texas to
the United States became the law of the land.
2. On the 6th of March, 1845, General Almonte,
the Mexican Minister at Washington, protested
againstthe annexation ofTexas, declared it a cause
of war, demanded his passports, and withdrew;
thus abruptly suspending friendly intercourse with
this country. And on the 10th of the same month,
four days thereafter, Mr. Buchanan, our Secretary
of State, sent him his passports, expressing his re-
gret that the Mexican Government should have
taken offence, and stating, by the order of the Pres-
ident, that the most strenuous efforts of this Gov-
ernment would be exerted to have all the causes of
dispute between this Government and Mexico am-
icably settled.
3. In September, 1845, diplomatic relations hav-
ing been broken off, the President, anxious for
peace, directed Mr. Black, our consul at Mexico, to
ascertain whether the Mexican Government would
not consent to receive a minister to settle all ques-
tions in dispute. On the 10th of October, 1845,
Mr. Black received Mr. Buchanan's note. The
next day he had an interview with the Mexican
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and on the
13th of the same month, it was settled that the
Mexican Government would receive a minister.
As soon as this Government was informed of the
fact, to wit, on the 10th of November, 1845, Mr.
Slidell was appointed, and on the 29th of the same
month he landed in Mexico. On the 21st of De-
cember, 1845, Mexico refused to receive and treat
with Mr. Slidell, after considerable correspondence.
On the 29th of December, 1845, the Presidency of
General Herrera was superseded by General Pa-
redes, because he had agreed to attempt to settle
with the United States.
4. After General Paredes came into power pledg-
ed to make war upon the United States, Mr. Sli-
dell, after consulting his Government, renewed
his application to be recognised as a Minister to
negotiate a peace; and on the 12th of March, 1846,
he was again rejected, the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Affairs saying that the annexation v/as a
cause of war; that Mcxico had so declared it be-
forehand; that negotiation was at an end, and war
was the onlv recourse.
5. On the*12th of April, 1846, the Mexican army
was on the banks of the Rio Grande, eight hundred
miles from the city of Mexico, in force, and Gen-
eral Ampudia notified General Taylor to retire, &c.
On the 18th of the same month, President Paredes,
not knowing what the General at the head of his
army had done, addressed him a communication,
saying that it was " indispensable that hostilities
should be commenced." On the 23d of the same
month, Paredes issued his proclamation, declaring
war against the United States.
Now for a few dates on the American side.
6. As soon as this Government was notified that
a Minister to negotiate for peace would not be re-
ceived, orders were given to General Taylor to
occupy the left bank of the Rio Grande; and on
the 11th of March, 1846, the army moved from
Corpus Christi, and arrived at the point of desti-
nation on the 28th of the same month; so that the
Mexican army must have been ordered to invade
Texas before the intelligence of the movement of
our army from Corpus Christi could have rcached
Mexico.
7. On the 24th of April, 1846, the Mexican gen-
eral (Arista) notified General Taylor that hostili-
ties had commenced, and he would prosecute them;
and the same day some of our men (Captain
Thornton's party) were killed on this side of tiie
Rio Grande by Mexican troops who had previous-
ly crossed over. With what has since taken place
the public is familiar.
It seems to me that no unprejudiced person can
look at these facts and dates and say that it was
the order of our President to advance the army to
the banks of the Rio Grande which produced the
war. Mexico always claimed fhe whole of Texas,
declared that the annexation of it to the United
States would be cause of war, and? as soon as it
was annexed, marched her army hundreds of
miles to take forcible possession of it. The Mexi-
can army was not ordered to occupy or take mili-
tary possession of the disputed territory between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande, so that, admitting
that Mexico has a good claim to that territory, the
said order to our army was not the cause of the
war. But the President, I think, has clearly
shown in his message that our title to the disputed
territory is the better one. I have not time to
enter into an examination of it, nor is it necessary
to sustain the position which I assume. It is
enough for me to know that Mexico refused to
negotiate in a friendly manner upon the matters in
dispute. What nation has a right, at this time of
day, to decline an effort, at least, at a friendly and
amicable mode of settling disputes ? Is there any
offence so great that it cannot be atoned for except
in blood? Was the sandy desert between the
Nueces and the Rio Grunde so valuable that the
American Government could not pay for it? It
seems to me, therefore, that I have clearly shown
that this war was not brought on by the act of the
President, and that he used the utmost exertions
to prevent it, and to induce Mexico to come to an
amicable settlement of questions in dispute. What
other Government on earth would have sent a
minister to Mexico to treat for peace after the
insulting manner in which she withdrew her min-
ister from Washington? Mexico made a formal
declaration of war against the United States on the
23d of April, 1846, which was not accepted by this
Government until the 13th of May, after the battles
of the 8th and 9th of that month.
It was not, however, Mr. Chairman, my purpose
to discuss this pointat length, for the reason before
stated. In regard to the necessity and justice of
this war I consider the public mind settled. It
could not have been avoided unless we gave up the
whole ofTexas to the Sabine. With the manner
of waging this war Congress has nothing to do.
The Constitution makes the Executive the war-
waging and treaty-making power, by and with the
advice of the Senate. The President has seen
proper, in order to accomplish the purpose of this
war, to make it one of invasion. Whether he was
right in so doing, and so continuing it, the Ameri-
can people will decide. To them alone he is re-
sponsible.
1 now come to consider the second branch of my
subject: What is the object of this war? I under-
stand it to be for the purpose of providing for our
future peace and safety, by punishing an aggressor,
and to compcl Mexico to settle questions in dispute
in regard to limits. It looks to peace as the result.
The President says, in his message, that it is not a
war for conquest; but still, sir, I am obliged to ad-
mit that the President intimates that indemnity in
[and ought to be asked. I regret, sir, that the Presi-
dent has thought it his duty to say anything from
which an inference can be drawn that this war will
be prosecuted with a view to conquest. For my-
self, I confess that I never desire to sec the func-
tions of any of the departments of this Government
exerted for the purpose of obtaining land by force.
It is contrary to the genius of our institutions and
the spirit of our Government. I deny that the fur-
ther extension of our domain at this time is neces-
sary to the happiness of our people, or to our glory
as a nation. The distinguished gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Jones] said m his speech on the Ore-
gon question, delivered in this House on the 15th
of January, 1846: "I hope not to live to see the
'day when the Government of the United States
' will be extended by conquest." But where do
gentlemen who contend that we ought to seize and
hold permanently the provinces of Mexico find
the power in the Constitution to do it ? It is said,
in the clause which authorizes Congress to declare
war. I admit that under that clause we would
have a right to overrun and hold military possession
of the whole or any portion of Mexico; but that
is a very different thing from annexing it to the
United States, and incorporating the Mexican peo-
ple with our own. If we incorporate them, we
must either make them slaves or citizens; the
