1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Extension of Slave Territory—Mr. Dixon.
Ho. of Reps-
are we contending, if not for conquest? for peace?
Is there, then, no other mode of stopping blood-
shed, than by shedding more blood? no means of
putting an end to slaughter, except by continued
carnage ? Can we have no peace, except by con-
quest? I cannot but believe that if the intention
of dismembering Mexico was now disavowed by
the Administration, peaceable relations with that
country might easily be restored.
In the prosecution of the war, Mr. Chairman, I
see little to command approval in the course of the
Administration. It has been conducted by them
rather as a partisan than as a national war. Early
in its progress, the energies of the President and
his Cabinet seemed devoted to the unworthy at-
tempt to injure a war-worn patriot, of whose ser-
vices they have since been glad to avail themselves.
-They were then flushed with victory, and were
anxious that no portion of the glory, or the spoils
of victory should be appropriated by a prominent
political opponent. At a later period, General
Taylor became the object of attacks of their par-
tisans. His position before the people of this
country had become too commanding, and, in obe-
dience, no doubt, to Executive wishes, a syste-
matic attack upon him was commenced in this
House. How successful hiwe been these efforts
to injure General Scott and General Taylor, in
public estimation, remains to be seen.
^ But, sir, I will not further occupy your time in
discussing the origin, or the prosecution, of the
war with Mexico. There is another question
which I regard of far greater importance, at the
present moment, than the origin of the war, and
that is, its termination. The past is no longer
within our power. Its evils are, perhaps, remedi-
less; but the future is ours. What course pursued
by us wijl restore peace? For one, if I knew by
what means, likely to be adopted here, this war
could be brought to a close, I would give my vote
for those means. My constituents demand such
a vote of me. The Poet tells us that—
" War is a game which, were the people wise,
Kings would not play at."
And the people, in^w-hose name I occupy a seat in
this House, are too wise to sustain their Govern-
ment in the prosecution of an unnecessary war.
If the white wings of peace can be won back to
the valley of the Rio Grande, and the beleagured
cities of Mexico—if our people, who are dying
there ingloriously, not by Mexican arms, but by a
pestilence which they inhale with every breath of
Mexican air, can be restored to their homes by
any proper measure which the Administration
propose to adopt, I must give it my support. The
President informs us that^with the sum of three
millions of dollars, peace can be obtained. I fear
he is mistaken; but, for the sake of peace, I am
willing to see the experiment tried. We can but
lose the money, at the worst; and if it is to be
added to the immense sums already squandered in
this war, it will not greatly swell the amount.
For nothing but peace would. I vote to place this
sum of money in the President's hands; but if
there is a bare possibility that it may be the means
of producing so desirable a consummation, I
should be unwilling that my vote should prevent
it. I shall, therefore, vote for this bill, with the
proviso of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Wilmot,] prohibiting the existence of slavery in
any territory to be acquired by treaty from Mexi-
co. "With that proviso, I can vote for the bill;
without it, it cannot have my support, under any
circumstances. And this brings me to a subject
of immense importance, on which I propose to
address some remarks to this committee.
It seems now to be supposed, that the acquisi-
tion of territory, in some mode, is to be the result
of the war in which we are engaged. The appe-
tite for territorial aggrandizement grows with the
food it feeds on, and the enlargement of our bor-
ders, by the annexation of Texas, is to be only
the precursor of still greater extension.
But by conquest, with my consent, this exten-
sion can never take place. I would not wrest from
the Mexican Government one foot of her soil, un-
der any of the low, dishonest, dishonorable pre-
texts by which a war of conquest may be attempted
to he justified. If we are to have new territory,
let it be peaceably won, not. torn from the Mexican
republic by conquest. I deny the justice of any
such title. * Ours is a Government founded upon
reason, justice, truth, virtue, religion. It presumes
the capacity of man for self-government, and its
great idea will never be realized until the people,
who are the foundation of its power, acquire as-
cendency and dominion over themselves. To such
a conquest we may well aspire, and, when that is
achieved, the spectacle will not again be exhibited
to the world of a republic founded upon the arts of
peace, and holding itself forth as an example worthy
of universal imitation; yet plunging into a war of
conquest, and carrying fire and sword into the heart
of a neighboring republic. The President assures
us that conquest is not the object of the present
war. I was glad to hear from that source sueM a
declaration. It is an acknowledgment from a quar-
ter whenceflit was least expected, that such a war
would be unworthy of our people—of the age in
which we live. Whether this declaration of the
President be consistent with his acts, is another
consideration. If conquest be not his object, his
California expedition seems to be wholly without
motive or end. But I am not noW disposed to
question his sincerity on this point, choosing rather
to coincide in the opinion he virtually expresses,
that a war of conquest is unworthy of our arms.
For the first time since the commencement of our
national existence, we are engaged in a war not
defensive. The war of the Revolution was defen-
sive. It was waged on our own soil, and the strug-
gle was to repel invasion. Our second war with
Great Britain was of a similar character. The
conquest of foreign territory was no part of the ob-
ject of either of those struggles. Heretofore, we
have been invaded. ISTow we are the invaders. No
hostile foot presses our soil—our cities are not
threatened—our harbors are not blockaded—our
commerce is not obstructed-^-our fields are not red-
dened by the blood of the slain. The war which
we are waging is in a foreign country, where our
own eyes cannot see the woes which our armies
have suffered or inflicted. Yet, says the Presi-
dent, the war is not one of conquest. Be it so.
But territory, we are told, is to be acquired.
Our object is not conquest, although New Mexico
and Upper California, being convenient and desi-
rable acquisitions, are to be ours! But on what
terms? After Mexico shall have been compelled
to relinquish her claim, or shall have freely assigned
it for a valuable consideration, there still remains
a party to be consulted. The people of the North
have a question to raise on this subject, and their
views are itnbodied in the proviso of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot.] Shall this
territory, in which slavery has now no existence,
continue free? or shall it, like Texas, be doomed
to the curse of perpetual slavery ? That, sir, is
now the question; and on that the people of the
North are watching, with anxious attention, the
votes of their representatives on this floor.
I think I know the sentiments of a portion of
the northern people. I speak only for my imme-
diate constituents, and I tell you, sir, that they
wish to hear no argument, and to make none, on
this point. They have fully considered the ques-
tion in all its bearings, and their minds are made
up. They never will consent to be instrumental
in extending slavery over territory where it does
not exist. Look, sir, at Mexico. While the true j
principles of liberty seem imperfectly understood j
by the people of that country, yet human slavery I
is there unknown. No slave can breathe in those
fertile valleys, or on those table-land mountains.
Human flesh is not there the subject of*property;
but the great republic of the world—the model
government—the home of freedom—the asylum of
the oppressed—proposes to extend its empire over
that vast realm, and straightway it is to become, j
what it is not now, -a land of slavery ! Sir, this ,
cannot be. Those who threaten us with a disso-
lution of the Union, unless we consent to this,
mistake the intensity of the feeling which pervades
the North on this subject. The danger to the
Union is from another aspect of this question, as
the result I fear will show.*
■* To show the southern sentiment on the subject of sU- '!
very, the manner in which it is defended by Bible ar«u- !'
mmts, and the determination of southern Representatives! !i
to extend it to temtory hereaftei to be acquired, I quote the : j
following from a speech delivered in the House of Repre- j:
sentatives, by Mr A. D. Sims, of South Caiolina, on the 1
28th of January, 1847: 1 j
u It is supposed, said Mr. Sims, that this slave question is |j
the most dangerous of all others. Sir, no man, who reads '•
And here let me state what I understand to be
the feelings, the opinions, the settled purposes of
the peopl.e of Connecticut on this subjcct, so far as
I am authorized to speak for them. While they
detest every form of human slavery; while they
look upon it as it exists in some of the States o"f
this Union, as an evil of enormous magnitude, not
only to the slaves whom it degrades below the con-
dition of brute beasts, but to the masters who hold
them in bondage, yet they do not claim, and have
never claimed, the power to interfere"with State
legislation on this question. They understand their
own duties and rights with regard to it. They
know how the Constitution of this Union was
formed. They value the Union; they respect the
Constitution. Their duty under it they will never
fail to fulfil to the letter and the spirit. Whether,
if the subject were now open, they would consent
to its compromises on the subject of slavery, I deem .
exceedingly doubtful; but to the Constitution of
the United States as it is, they will be faithful.
Further than that they cannot go. While they
understand that they have no power to interfere
with southern legislation upon slavery, they also
understand that neither the letter nor the spirit of
the Constitution requires them to aid in extending
the "peculiar institutions" of the South. They"
wish those institutions, while they exist at all, to
continue peculiar, and will have no part in the un-
holy work of making them universal. When you
ask them to leave to your own legislation your
own evils, they checrfully acknowledge your right
to control the destinies of your own people, re-
sponsible only to God. But when you ask their
aid in subjecting the fairest portion of the earth to
the foulest curse which ever stained humanity,
they meet you with a decisive answer. Much as
they love the Union which binds together these
States—ardently as they hope it maybe perpetual—
they would sooner see the Confederacy riven asun-
der, than steep their souls in the guilt of extend-
his Bible, and who is a Christian, either in theory or in
practice, can denounce slavery as immoral. Who does not
know the history of tins aholmon movement in Cnnsten-
dom ? The very first step taken by the French Encyclope-
dists for overturning the authority of the Bible, was "to pub-
lish to the world—and they made the Fieuch people believe
it—that .sUwciy w<v? wrong in principle; and then that the
Bible from one end to the other was the advocate of -.Uveiy.
The conclusion was inevitable that the Bible was v/iongin
principle—that the Bible was a table, not to be believed—
and that the religion that stood upon it, recognising and
allowing slaveiy, must be wrong. No man, who is a Chris-
tian, can denounce slavery as immoral In the laws of
Mo.-es, slavery is introduced and provided for; slaveiy is
recognised throughout the Bible. It is, therefore, useless to
say that a heresy, testing upon this flimsy foundauon of in-
fidelity, can produce these dangerous lesults which gentle-
men -speak of. I believe in the abiding good sense and
Chri-tianity of the American people; that they will not
rise—in the face of Piovidence and in contempt of the laws
of th.- Bible.
" Upon the whole, then, (said Mr. Sims,) Mr. Chairman, I
have undertaken to show to the committee that we have but
two alternatives in refcience to the prosecution of the war:
either to withdraw our tioop> and yield to the Mexicans all
our conquests, and acknowledge we aie unable to prosecute
it; or to prosecute it with vigor, until we conquer the peacc
for which it wa-< undertaken. I think X have >hown that the
war was just and necessary; that it was not waged for eon-
quest, but in accordance with the laws of nations, as recog-
nised under the Constitution of the United State*-, \v henever
a war exists in tbi*> country; that wo have a right to make eon-
quests, to occupy the country, to establish provisional govern-
ments, and to seize upon even more than is necessary to in-
demnity us foi the mjuiics we complain ol and the expenses
of the war. I have al>o attempted to --how that, should it be.
necessaiy, we may rightfully, and without any great danger,
looking to an ovenuling Providence and to the patriotism of
our people, permanently occupy tins eountiy. And I have
no doubt—I expie^s tne opinion here—that every foot of ter-
ritory we shall permanently occupy south of thii ty-six de-
giees thirty minutes, will be slave terntorv.
" Mr. Burt here inteiposed, (Mr. S. yielding.) and desired
to ask his colleague whether he had expressed the opinion
that the count!}"conquered fioni Mexico south ol thuty-six '
degrees thirty minute^ would be occupied with the slave in-
stitution*, in consequence of the state of public opinion in
the noj them, western, or middle States! Or whether it was
in consequence of the known determination of the southern
people that their institutions! shall be carried into that coun-
try if it be acquired !
"Mr. tfiMs. (in reply.) It is founded on the known deter-
mination of the southern people that their institution shall
be earned there ; it is founded on the laws of God, written
on the climate and soil of the country; nothing but  lave
labui can cultivate profitably that region of couitlrv. I hare
no idea that the. North or the. TVni, will resist to the death.
Tins Union will nevei be dissolved on that question.
"Mr. WooJ), of New York, here interposed, and protest-
ed aeainst the gentleman answering either for the North or
for God.
"Mr. Sims. I answer for God, because this opinion is
written in his revealed vvoid. I can speak authoritatively
upon that point."
