1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3S
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Foot.
, Ho. or Reps.
permitted to raise his voice in remonstrance. Did
gentlemen find it was then too early to discuss this
subject ? No, sir, it was too late!
The perpetuation of slavery, in the manner I
have just described, was accomplished by north-
ern votes. Let it never be forgotten, that by the
aid of the Representatives of the-free States, the
South has always succeeded in maintaining its
ascendency. Almost thirty years ago, John Ran-
dolph, of Roanoke, drew for us a picture of the
men who have abandoned the principles of the
North, and bowed in humble subserviency to
southern dictation. Hear him:
" IVe do not govern you by our black slives, but by your oicn
white slaves. We know what we are doing. We have con-
quered you once, and we can again. sir, we will drive you
to the wall; (tud when we have you there, we mean to keep you
there, and nail you down like base money."
The " northern men with southern principles,"
who have given to this sarcasm the biting sting of
truth, I hope will never a°;ain have the power to
betray the cherished principles of their people. It
is not that nearly all the patronage of the Govern-
ment has been monopolized by the South, that we
of the North complain. That wrong we can pa-
tiently bear, and we are never disposed to harbor
sectional prejudices; but when we are called on to
consent tnat the power of the Government shall
be perverted from its original design, to the wicked
purpose of extending and perpetuating slavery,
even where it has now no existence, we answer
that we shall submit to no such wrong; and the
northern men, who, in the hope of gaining some
personal benefit from the slave power which con-
trols the Government, abase themselves, and those
they represent, to the condition of "white slaves,"
have a doom awaiting them which 1 will not at-
tempt to describe.
Let us take warning from the past. The North
must not again be deceived and betrayed. She
must be heard, before this territory is acquired. !
call on gentlemen from the South to consider this
question in all seriousness, before we shall be so
far committed in the acquisition of territory, as to
render a difference of opinion a source of extreme
peril to our Union. Do they wish to see a revival
of the Missouri controversy? If, even then, before
this subject had everywhere been agitated, the
Union was convulsed from its extremities to Us
heart, what tempestuous commotion may we not
now encounter, in the renewal of such a contro-
versy? There was then only one man who could
calm the ragingof the storm; and though he is
still living, he will not" be here to raise his head
above the fury of the waves, arid hush them into
silence. Will gentlemen persist in forcing th-e
ship of State into the perils which seem to await
her? Why rush madly into this appalling danger?
As v/e now are, in spite of misrule—in spite of
war—we are comparatively prosperous. Why
seek out a danger which we may far more easily
avoid ? It hardly needs the dictates of wisdom to
keep us from the destruction which we seem almost
to court. Folly itself could scarcely fail to mark
and avoid it. Nothing but fatuity unparalleled in
the annals of the world—the utter infatuation with
which, we are told, those are blinded who are pre-
destined to destruction—can prevent our deliver-
ance from the danger to which I allude.
We of the North are determined, at all hazards,
to oppose the extension of slave teiTJtory. The
South is equally determined, that whenever our
boundaries are extended south of the line of the
Missouri compromise, there slavery shall go.
While this continues an abstract dispute, it will
be as harmless as other abstractions; but when it
regards the settlement of a. practical question, then
comes the hour of danger. Will gentlemen, then,
refuse to decide this question now ? There is now
, a compromise, on which we can unite. When the
territory is ours, that will no longer be possible.
The compromise is this: to abstain from the acqui-
sition of territory; be satisfied with our own lim-
its; and relax the insatiate grasp with which we
have laid hold on Mexico. Our Union may thus
be saved from the perils which await us, if the
question of slavery in new territory is hereafter to
be discussed. Let us discuss it beforehand; and
if we cannot agree upon our future policy, let us
at least agree to continue as wc are, in respect to
territorial limits. Rather than run the risk of a
dissolution of the Union, let us stand by the Union
as it is. If we cannot agree as to the question of
extending slavery where it does not now exist,
we cannot too early discover the strength and de-
termination Of the opinions which divide us. The
opinions of the North are fixed and firm as the
decrees of fate. Those of the South seem to be
not less decided. Let us pause, then, before it is
too late.
The people of the slave States committed a grave
error in attempting to defend their institutions by
extending slave territory. They should have been
satisfied with the protection of the Constitution;
but having succeeded in their designs, so far as to
bring in Texas as a slave State, it is time for them
to be told that they can go no further. Without
the aid of the recreant representatives of the free
States, who prostrated themselves in humble ser-
vility before the haughty and arrogant demands of
a slaveholding oligarchy, they could not have suc-
ceeded in their designs. This cannot again hap-
pen. The spirit of the North is at last thoroughly
awakened. The determination that the foot of a
slave shall never tread on any inch of territory
hereafter to be acquired, is a principle fixed, like
their religion, in their hearts, in support of which
they are ready to make any sacrifice. I know
that you of the South are equally determined.
Your spirit is no less firm than ours; and every
imaginary right of yours will be maintained with
your utmost power. What must be the result?
Can anything but fraternal blood appease the fury
of that contest ? Is it to precipitate such a fate that
we are now urged to the conquest of Mexico?
Shall we, to gain a territory for which we have no
use, light up the flames of civil war at home, and
desolate the glorious inheritance won by the blood
of our fathers ? No, sir. Let us rather abandon
all ideas of conquest, and return to the arts of peace,
by which we have heretofore advanced to glory
and happiness. Not for us is that false honor
which is won on the field of battle. The mission
of our republic is peace. Our boundaries, if ex-
tended, must advance by peaceful conquests, and
the footsteps of libertV must keep pace with the
flight of our eagles. The error which two hun-
dred years ago planted slavery on the Atlantic
coast, if it cannot now be wholly retrieved, must
never be extended to "where the sun, with softer
fires, looks on the vast Pacific's sleep."
Mr. Chairman, I am astonished when I hear
gentlemen advocate the extension of their peculiar
institutions to regions where it has now no exist-
ence. Slavery to be extended! New life to be
breathed into it by the aid of northern freemen!
Let me say to these gentlemen, that the day is not
far distant when, instead of being extended, it will
die where it now exists, and be buried to rise no
more. Justice, truth, advancing civilization, the
resistless force of human opinion, all the,light
which nearly two thousand years of Christianity
have shed upon the world, are leagued against its
life. Yet gentlemen talk of subjecting boundless
regions, soon to be inhabited by untold millions, to
vhe empire of this ancient wrong, which, "wound-
ed and writhing in pain," is " dying amidst its own
worshippers." Little do they know of the pro-
gress of human opinion who hope, in spite of its
power, to perpetuate a system by which the im-
mortal soul of man is made the subject of prop-
erty—a mere personal chattel. By some means
our republic will be delivered from the reproach of
slavery. I hope it will be by the free consent of
our southern brethren. But, in some way, liberty,
though late, will come at last. 1 hope it may not
come through carnage and devastation—that its ap-
proach may not be lighted by the flames of civil war,
kindled by the fiantic struggles of an infatuated
slave power, to extend the area of its dominion.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. SOLOMON FOOT,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 3847.
The bill " making further provision for the expen-
ses attending the intercourse between the United
States and foreign nations " being under consid-
eration—
Mr. FOOT addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: It has been my purpose, for
some time past, to address the House, in some
general views, upon the character and purposes tff
the Mexican war. Perhaps no more fit occasion
can be presented than by the bill before u3, which
proposes to place in the hands of thePresident three
millions of dollars to secure a peace, by means not
less dishonorable, I fear, than those by which the
war itself was incurred. It is my fortune to be of
the number of those who maintain that the war in
which the country is now engaged* with Mexico
might and ought to have been avoided; and that,
if wise and considerate counsels had prevailed in
the Executive department of our Government, it
would have been avoided. I hold that it was un-
necessary for the redress of an^ wrongs we may
have suffered, or for the assertion of any rights
which may have been infringed. Most of all was
it unnecessary for the vindication of our national
honor. I believe that all our differences With Mex-
ico, whether in relation to the question of boundary,
or in relation to the question of indemnity for spoli-
ations, might have been satisfactorily and honorably
settled without a resort to arms. I assert, more-
over,and challenge investigation to the truth of the
assertion, that this war resulted, not from the act
of Mexico, but from the unauthorized and uncon-
stitutional acts of our own Executive Government.
These are my own deliberate and settled opinions,
the irresistible convictions of my own judgment,
after the most careful and thorough examination of
the subject; and therefore I hesitate not to declare
them. I do not forget that the expression of senti-
ments or opinions like these has been charged in
high quarters and in low quarters as treason to the
country, couched in the equivalent language of the
Constitution as giving "aid and comfort" to the
enemy. 1 remember that an honorable member
from New York, [Mr. Strong,] who addressed
the House on yesterday, assumed to administer a
rebuke to those on this side of the Hall who choose
to take exception to the accusation, and to admon-
ish us that wc should show a better spirit than to
indulge in what he is pleased to call an "abuse of
the Piesident," by repelling and denouncing the
charge. 1 admire the honorable member's kind
dispositions, but I mu&t reject his counsels, because
they inculcate a spirit of servility utterly abhorrent
to all my sentiments of personal independence.
The Constitution of the United States has made
it the duty of the President to lay before Congress
an expose of the state and condition of public
affairs, foreign and domestic, and to recommend
such action as, in his judgment, shall best advance
the public weal. But where is it made his duty,
in hts official communications with the National
Legislature, to impugn the motives of those who
may chance to entertain and to express views coun-
ter to his own, upon agreat national question which
concerns and agitates the country? Where does
he find authority or precedent for sending into
these legislative halls a bulletin of denunciation
against any portion of the American people, or
their Representatives, who may have formed and
expressed opinions not in conformity with such as
he professes to entertain, in relation to the origin,
the justice, or the necessity of the war in which
the country is involved, and whose lifeblood is
flowing in its prosecution ?
When the Chief Magistrate of this republicsha.il
become so far unmindful of the dignity and pro-
prieties of his station; when he shall so far disre-
gard the ordinary courtesies and decorum which
belong to the official intercourse of one department
of the Government with another,as to assume the
character of a volunteer accuser of any portion of
his fellow-citizens with a hostile intent against their
own Government, and with aiding and abetting
the public enemy, and for no other.cause than that
they have intelligence to form, and independence
to speak, their opinions upon a momentous and
vital question of public interest, how shall the au-
dacious insult be met? How ought it to be treat-
ed ? Shall it be received with silent and trembling
submission? Shall it be received with acqui-
escence, or even with gracious words of remon-
strance? Or shall it not rather be met with that
prompt and bold rebuke, with that scornful defiance
which alone becomes the action and the character
of fieeborn men, determined yet to be bee?
Whet} the spirit of dictation, or of despotism,
shall become arrogant and bold enough to lift its
frowning form in these Halls, consecrated to liber-
