1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Foot.
New Series....tNo. 22.
have got back?" " how could he have passed our
blockading; squadron in the Gulf?'* And when it
v was intimated that his return must have been effected
through the consent or connivance of our Execu-
tive Government, it was stoutly denied, and writ-
ten down as a " Whig slander" upon the Adminis-
tration. But now this imputed slander turns out
to be veritable fact, upon the President's own con-
fession, a reluctantconfession though it be, extorted
from him by the popular clamor at so extraordi-
nary an occurrence. And when the reasons and
excuses which he assigns for giving orders to our
commander in the Gulf not to intercept the passage
of Santa Ana to Mexico were read from the message
at your Clerk's desk, who does not jemember the
involuntary sneer it raised through this Hall, and
who that did not feel his sympathies moved for the
man who, itin extremiswas laboring to cover his
conduct under excusesand pretexts so frivolous and
so futile? The idea of giving Santa Ana a permit
to pass our blockade, under the pretext that he
would have passed it in spite of us, and for the
reason that his presence in Mexico would produce
a state of affairs there more favorable to peace, is
quite too ridiculous to entitle them to the claim of
sincerity. Sir, was there ever a simpleton detected
in a mischievous act who could not excuse himself
with a-better grace)
But some of the President's friends on this floor,
feeling, doubtless, the weakness of his own de-
fence, have kindly come to his rescue, and among
others an honorable member from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] who places his vindication of the Admin-
istration in this affair upon another ground, and
that is, that Santa Ana returned in a neutral vessel,
and therefore we had no right to obstruct its pas- I
sage to any of the Mexican ports! I confess, sir, !
I can see no force m this argument, although it !
comes from so high and reputable authority. You !
might as weli deny the right to intercept the pas- ;
sage of a vessel sailing under a neutral flag, though I
it were freighted with a hostile army and muni- i
tions of war for the service of the public enemy
against our own country. The veriest tyro knows
that such a violation of the laws of neutrality
would authorize a capture of the vessel, and that
the higher law of self-protection would demand its
seizure. Sir, there is no justification for this act;
and the only surprise is, that party adhesion should j
be strong enough, and party blindness obstinate
enough, to save it and its authors from the un-
sparing condemnation of the whole country. Yet
so it is; and those who at first denied the truth of
Santa Ana's return by the knowledge and consent
of our Executive, and denounced the suggestion
as the fabrication of hate and envy—as a thing in- ;
credible, inconsistent—yea, impossible—as too silly
to obtain a moment's credence—now that the deed
is confessed, are equally piompt in their approval
and commendation of the act as a wise and patriotic
measure. But justify or extenuate it as you may,
and subject your consistency and your sincerity in
so doing to what standard of honesty you please,
the act stands there, and will stand there through
all time, a foul and infamous stain upon the page
of your country's history. Would that it could
be blotted out from that page—that for the honor
of the American name, it could be obliterated from
the memory of mankind.
But, Mr. Chairman, my time admonishes me to
pass to the consideration of other questions con-
nected with this general subject. And here let me
say, that I am not about to enter upon a discus-
sion of the origin and causes of the war. I have
done that upon a former occasion. It has been
often done by other and abler speakers who have
preceded me. It has become more important, to-
day, to inquire how* and when the war is to be
ended, than how it was begun. It is of higher
moment now to inquire what are the present and
ultimate purposes of those who have the conduct
of the war, m its further prosecution, than whether
it might or ought to have been avoided. The
American people-, who are called upon to pour out
their treasure and their blood in this war, demand
to know, as they have a right to be informed, de-
finitely, with what design and to what extent it is
to be prosecuted. The pertinent and anxious in-
quiry of every honest man and patriot is, for what
is the war waged? To what extent is it to be
carried on? What are its objects, its aims, and
purposes? I need not say, what everybody un-
22
derstands, that the war is not now conducted as a
defensive war, or for the purpose of repelling inva-
sion. Not a hostile foot stands upon our soil.
The enemy is everywhere driven far back from
our bordeis* It is no satisfactory answer to say
that the war is carried on for the purpose of ob-
taining an " honorable peace." The language is
vague and indefinite. It means nothing at all, or
rather, it means what any one may choosc to have
it mean. The conquering despot could say as
much, and say it as truly.
Call it, sir, by what name you may, and dis-
guise it under what pretexts you may, it is nothing
more nor less, it is nothing else but a war of inva-
sion, of conquest, of aggression, and waged for
the purpose of acquiring territory. The Presi-
dent, to be sure, says " the war is waged with no
view to conquest," and yet he " rejoices with ex-
ceeding joy," and congratulates the country upon
the "vast ex tension of our territorial limits.'1 "The
war," he says, " is waged with no view to con-
quest," and yet he sends abroad fleets and armies,
Napoleon-like—no, sir, I beg pardon, not Napo-
leon-like—the comparison is inapt and inappro-
priate. Compare James K. Polk with Napoleon <
Bonaparte!—-as well might you compare the dog-1
star's pale and sickly light to the effulgent and 1
dazzling brightness of the comet's blazing and ]
boundless path way through the skies; but rather
like the maniac, who, in the wildness of his deli-
rium, imagines himself the commander-in-chief of
all creation, and in the fancied plenitude of his
infinite authority, from some lofty pinnacle, ex-
claims, " attention, the universe !" " kingdoms to
the right wheel.!" So our commander-in-chief,
bedizzened by his sudden elevation, struts forth
upon a somewhat less magnificent theatre, but with
hardly less magniloquent tones of command, and
sends abroad his generals and his commodores, his
Satraps and his Tetrarchs, not to meet and van
•quish the enemy in battle, but to conquer whole
states and provinces hy proclamation! "The wai-
l's not waged with any view to conquest;" oh, no !
and yet new territorial governments are organised,
new laws are ordained, and new magistrates ;ire
appointed over these new and extensive acquisi-
tions; and appropriations of the public money are
called for to erect fortifications, in order to secure
the permanent possession of the conquered regions.
" This is not a war of conquest," say the defend-
ers of the Administration upon this floor; and yet
we are told, at the same time, by a confidential
friend of the President, [Mr. Stanton, of Ten-
nessee,] that "the acquisition of the Californias is
the great measure of the age." And, by the way,
we have had several "great measures of the a<re"
on hand within the last year or two. " It is not a
war of conquest," say you, and yet some of the
President's accredited expounders of constitutional
and international law, tell us that these conquered
territories (if running an army over them, and sur- |
veying their coast from quarter-deck, be conquest) i
are ipso facto annexed to, and constitute an integial '
part of, the United States. You say " it is not a j
war of conquest," and yet tell us that the acqiiisi- I
tion of territory is a " necessary incident of the !
war;" that " it is not a war of conquest," but that j
the possession of territory must be one of its inev- 1
itable results. The sum and substance, then, of;
all these declarations, is concisely and precisely i
this: " It is not a war of conquest," but only a 1
helhgerant process for the acquisition of territory j
by force of arms! ;
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that others of the
jj friends of the Administration are less disposed to ■
;j dissruise the truth, and are ready to admit, that one
of the chief aims and objects of the war is the ac- I
qui rement of territory: but who seek, nevertheless, 1
ij to justify this national aggression on the ground ;
that we shall improve the political and social con-'
! dition of the inhabitants of the conquered tcrrito- j
'! ries; that we shall build up schools and churches ;
among them, as said a member from New ^ ork, I
[ i [Mr. Groves,] who addressed the House some
i 1 days a°;o upon this subjcct; that we shall carry the
1 j arts and sciences to them, and instruct them in the
j' pursuits of commerce and agriculture; that new
j towns and cities will rise up among them, nnd that
1] general prosperity and happiness will follow this
jj new order of things. Glowing pictures of national
i! improvement and national aggrandizement are por-
|| trayed before us in justification of national con-
quest. The Mauritaman race must yield to the
sword of the Anglo-Saxon, that we may give them
a better government, bestow upon them higher
privileges, and open before them a noble destiny,
is the doctrine of these philanthropists. Sir, this
is the doctrine of the Musselman, who propagates
his religion by fire and the sword. It is a doctrine
at war with every principle of justice, arid every
principle of humanity. It is at war with the fun-
damental principles of this republic, based as it is
upon the recognition of the right of all people and
all nations to institute their own forms of govern-
ment. This republic of ours, this boasted exem-
plar of civil liberty and religious toteration, this
first-born child of rational and practical freedom,
is to be instigated by the modern zealots of" Pro-
gressive Democracy," to prescribe for other people,
and for other nations, at the point of the sword
and the bayonet, new forms of government and
new modes of faith. Sir, if I had but a single for-
mula of prayer to ITeavcn for my country, it should
be, from all these new-born, gigantic schemes' of
philanthropic villany, of patriotic rascality, "good
Lord deliver us."
Mr. Chairman, the mode and manner in which
this war has been conducted on the part of the
Administration, is inexplicable upon any other
view than that of a settled purpose to wrest from
Mexico a large portion of her territorial posses-
sions. If, as is alleged, <£ the war is not waged
with a view to conquest,but solely with a view
to redress our wrongs—to ohastise Mexico for the
alleged injuries she had committed upon us, and to
obtain an "honorable peace," it is obvious to in-
quire, why were notour forces concentrated within
supporting distance, upon some vital and vulner-
able point? Why was a part of our naval force
sent around to the distant coast upon the Pacific?
Why was a separate division of the army, under
General Kearny, sent off over the vast and almost
i uninhabited regions of New Mexico? Whyaregi-
j ment of military emigrants sent to California under
| the command of Colonel Stevenson ? Do not all
i these movements look to the subjugation ofdistaot
! territory, where little or no resistance could be
j made, rather than to a " vigorous prosecution" of
1 the war, with a view to its early and honorable
i termination? Was it supposed that Mexico was
j to be subdued and brought to terms by running
'' your armies across her remote regions of wilder-
ness, inhabited chiefly by scattered tribes of un-
taught and untamed savages? Did it enter into
the profound calculation's of your President, that
peace was sooner to be restored, and our national
honor vindicated, by playing off, through his miji-
tary commanders, such fantastic pranks as have
been performed there 5 Enacting the solemn farce
of organizing new and complete governments; reg-
ulating tradeand commerce by manifesto-, appoint-
l mg themselves and their associates, governors and
! judges, and prefects and alcaldes, with fixed sala-
i 'nes5, and for a term of years; administering to the
j straggling and affrighted populace oaths of alle-
! giance to"the United States, and calling upon them
! to forswear allegiance to Mexico, as though it
! were all done after approved precedent,^ and as
! though there were some sanction in the Con^Utu-
i tion or the laws of nations for such capers ! Ihese
i operations bring shame, and not glory, to the
American name. So far from subduing or weak-
ening Mexico, they have served only to ex; ^pei~
ate and to strengthen her. So far from tending
to bung the war "to a speedy close, they will serve
only to" prolong it. Your mihtmy occupation of
the wild and remote province of Mexico, instead
of crippling, in the smallest degree, her power,
only weakens your own forces by the necessary
division and transfer of them to difieient services,
and at far distant and unimportant points.
While your President talks about " prosecuting
the war with vigor," as the only mode of securing
an " honorable peace," he has sent oft a large
division of the arrnv to squat upon the vacant lands
of Mexico, and left General Taylor at the on y
t where the enemy was to be met, at the only
and diffieuUvj without adequate
point
point of danger   . .
force and with still less adequate supplies ot pro-
visions and the munitions of war, and, till some
ten days later than the battle of Monterey, desti-
tute of the necessary means of transportation.
But, nevertheless, by his own gieat prudence ana
I valor, and the bravery of his troops, General lay-
