1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
£39
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Foot.
Ho. of Reps.
they will proffer terms such as shall be just and
liberal to Mexico—such as, according to the lan-
guage of the able and eloquent gentleman from
.Georgia, (Mr. Toombs,] the other day, " become
a great, and powerful, and magnanimous nation''— j
such as become the character of a people who pro- [
fess to act upon the high principle of" demanding !
nothing wrong." We have little reason to fear |
that our national honor will suffer by any acts of
justice and generosity towards Mexico. We have
more occasion to fear it may be tarnished by acts
of wrong and oppression. Let her hare some
assurance that you war for justice and peace, and
not for dominion and plunder, and it will do more '
than a dozen well-fought battles to hasten that con-
summation so devoutly to be wished, an " honor-
able peace." Adopt the proposition embraced in
the resolution offered some days since by another
distinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste- i;
phe>js,] and give some assurance to Mexico, that ij
you want none of her territory—demand of her a
fulfilment of her former treaty obligations—>are-<|
cognition and provision for the discharge of her C
indebtedness to our citizens. Indicate a line of;;
boundary, not along the Rio Grande, nor along:;
the Nueces, but along the course pointed out by j
the honorable chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, [Mr. C. J. Ingeksoll,] on a former ;
occasion, when he said: " The stupendous deserts ,
* between the Nueces and the Rio Grande rivers arc ,
* the natural boundaries between the Anglo-Saxon and j
* the Mauvitaii'um races. There ends the Valley of the
4 West. There Mexico begins. While peace is cher-1
* ished, that boundary will be sacred. Not till the :
* spirit of conquest rages, will the people on either!
* side molest or mix with each other.19 Do this; be '
just to yourselves and just to Mexico; and I have ;
little doubt, that peace will be restored, and the j
national honor saved from reproach. But, unhap- |
pily, and doubtless much sooner than the honor-,
able chairman,at the time he uttered this language, I
anticipated; the spirit of " conquest now rages," j
and opens before us, in reference to the termina* |
tion of the war, only a dark and uncertain future, j
the end whereof no man can foresee. The still !
small voice" of reason and humanity is almost un- ;
heeded and unheard amidst the clangor of arms, i
The blessings of peace may be restored to our j
country, when, and not till when, the spirit of con- j
quest shall ceasc to rule the hour, and shall be ,
abandoned; and when the demoniac idea of vindi- 1
eating or preserving the national honor, by com- .
miffing national robbery upon a feehlp neighboring
sister republic, shall be forever discarded. |
Mr. Chairman, my opposition to taking any ter-:
ritory from Mexico arises, not more from the con-,
sideration of its injustice to her, than because I .
believe it would prove a curse% and not a blessing
to our own country. And this,after all, is the para- ;
mount and all-important consideration growing: out1
of the whole question of the Mexican war Row-
ever just you may claim the war with her to be,
and however just that in any peaceful arrangement.
she should indemnify us for its expenses, in whole
or in part, it would be infinitely better for us to
yield it all, than to receive as an indemnity that
which in reality would prove to be a bane to us.
What idiotic madness, then, is it to wage a war for ,
the conquest of possessions which, if granted to us
peacefully and gratuitously, would forever rest
upon the heart of this nation like the incubus of;
death. The acquisition of territory from Mexico, '
upon whatever terms, of peace or of war, would j
forever be a source of contention arid strife with ;
us, if not, sooner or later, fatal to the integrity of1
the Union itself. This Hall has already witnessed
the forebodings of those evils, whh'h are sure to
come of the accession of newterritory,in theexcited ;
discussion and wrangling which has arisen in rela- !
tion to the division of the expected acquisitions.
You are despoiling a neighboring republic of its
possessions, and yet, before the pnze is in your
grasp, while you are yet in hot pursuit, and pant-
ing in the chase, you are waning among your-
selves about the ultimate condition upon which
your anticipated conquests shall be incorporated
into this Government, and the pledge upon either
side is nothing less than a dissolution of the Union.
You are rushing headlong and blindfold upon appal-
ling dangers, before which the stout heart shrinks,
and brave men turn pale. You are rekindling the
slumbering fires of a volcano, which, whenever
they shall burst forth, will consume all the plain.
Heaven forefend, that the happiness and the hopes
of twenty millions of freemen shall be made the
sport and the sacrifice of a miserable ambition for
territorial aggrandizement. The only guarantee of
our safety and salvation is, to keep the ship of
State from the rock upon which our unskilful pilots
are fast driving it. Take no territory from Mex-
ico, either by treaty or by conquest, and you will
have no strife about the conditions of its annexa-
tion.
Sir, I am opposed to taking one foot of territory
from Mexico, either by force or by consent; or
upon any condition, whether bond or free, with
slavery or without slavery. And let me warn the
people of the North not to deceive themselves,
nor be deceived, with the idea that the territory
we may acquire from Mexico will remain free <
territory. And let me tell them, in all frankness, ;
that, let us attach what conditions we may to its
acquisition, incorporate into these preliminary acts
as many " Wilmot provisoes" as we please, they
will be of no practical avail in the end, and will
not be regarded or treated as of any binding obli-
gation upon future legislative or treaty action upon
the subject. And let me tell them, furthermore,
that, with the Texas lesson before them, the only
guarantee upon which they can rely against the
indefinite extension of slave territory is to take
none at all. This new and strange horror of the
extension of slavery, which has so suddenly come
over a certain portion of the northern Democracy
upon this floor, is, to say the least of it, in singular
contrast with their recent action upon the Texas
question. I hope this new-born zeal, which they
exhibit of late, may prove to be the fruit of sincere
repentance; that it may prove to he the result of
principle lather than political calculation of mere
party advantage. But they will pardon us if we
are a little doubtful of their sincerity, while their
hands are yet unwashed of the foulness of then-
Texas votes.
" Timfo Danncj, ft dona fcrentcs."
Mr. Chairman, there arc other and formidable
grounds of opposition to this spirit of national ag-
grandizement by territorial extension. Suppose
that Mexico were to yield her reluctant assent to
our possession of oil the country of which you now
claim the military occupation ? With the territory,
you must take its mixed and semi-barbauan pop-
ulation—a distinct and dissimilar race of people—
of different habits, and of different language from
us, and feeling no interests in common with us, and
having no sympathies with us buttohateus. You
could hold authority over such people only by the
same force with which you conquered them. Obedi-
ence to your laws and respect for your magistrates '
must be enforced at the point of the sword. Stand-
ing armies must be stationed and kept around their
borders to keep in subjection these scattered and
turbulent people, unused to the restraints of law.
With the civil and military government of tliewe
new provinces, comes a vast extension of the al-
ready overgrown power of Executive patronage—
a power which already overshadows all the other
departments of your Government—a power which,
with the command of armies and navies, has, in
more than one instance in the history ot republics,
been made the passport of bold and had mm to
imperial despotism. What political rights, immu-
nities, and privileges will you extend to the inhab-
itants of these new provinces, suited and appropri-
ate to their wanfs, their character, and their new
relation to our Government' T have only time to
glance at, and not to enlarge upon, suggestions
like these. They are fraught, nevertheless, with
fearful import, and address themselves with iire-
sistible force to the serious and earnest reflection
of all American statesmen and patriots. Look at
the subject as we may, it presents to our solemn
consideration innumerable, if not insurmountable,
difficulties.
What I have said in this connexion has been
upon the supposition that Mexico, yielding to our
i extreme demands, should surrender to us a con-
siderable portion of her territory. The stronger
presumption is, that she will make no such sur-
render short of her extinction as an independent
nation. What is to be done in that event? "Pros-
ecute the war with vigor; seize upon all her prin-
cipal cities and towns; march your armies to her ;
capital; plant your standards upon the walls of the 1
ancient city of the Aztecs; strike down her Gov-
ernment; blot her out from among the nations of
the earth," is the language of the hot-bloods of
war. Without stopping to inquire into the fatal
necessity or the national morality of such a course
of action, let us look for a moment at the prospect
which it presents. It is our boast, that victory
has crowned our arms in two contests with the
Government of Great Britain. But let us bear in
mind that these were not wars of invasion. We
fought in defence of our liberties, and upon our
own soil Though we are a great and powerful
nation, and able to resist the world in arms against
us, in defence of our own territory, our citizens,
and our homes, it is a very different, and more
difficult affair, to carry on a successful war of inva-
sion in a foreign land, even against a comparatively
weak nation.
The history of the world abounds in examples
that, in such wars, " the race is not always to the
swiff, nor the battle to the srrong." Napoleon, at
the head of his imperial army, fought his way
through blood and slaughter to the heart of the
Russian empire, and in the Kremlin of the Czars,
rejoiced as her victor, and shouts of triumph rent
the air, annd the blazing fires that laid her capital
in ashes. Although Moscow was in ashes, Russia
was not conquered. Although a hostile army was
in her midst, her throne of empire stood unshaken.
Although Bonaparte was there, Alexander still
reigned. The smoking and smouldering ruins of
that city of the wilderness, the blackness of dark-
ness that settled upon its smothered flames, pre-
sented but a fit and striking emblem of that series
of most terrific, and dire calamities about to- fall
upon her invaders. That imperial host of more
than half a million of the pride and flower of
France, which had crossed the Niemen so full of
hope and confidence and exultation, returned a
forlorn and fugitive band, leaving behind them a
lengthened and blackened trail of desolation, and
carnage, and death. He who had been the hero
of an hundred battles, and neverknew defeat; who,
in the progress of his march to the throne of em-
pire, had set his foot upon the necks of half the
potentates of Europe; who had built up with his
own hands the most stupendous fabric of military
power that ever awed the world; whose ambition
circumscribed the globe, and whos3 potential voice
had struck the nations-with an epidemic horror,
now fled in disguise from the country he had so
lately invaded with all the pride and majesty of a
conquering monarch. The price of this disastrous
campaign of invasion was the loss of his crown
and his empire. It laid, too, the foundation  >f
that final overthrow of the mightiest of the world's
conquerors, which was sealed on the field of Water-
loo, when the guiding star of the "child of destiny"
went down foiever, in datkness and blood. Let us
not pride ourselves overmuch in our own strength,
or in the weakness of our foe. If the snows and
the frosts of Russia became ministers of vengeance
against her invaders, we have no less to fear from
the rowf'/o, and the burning heats of eastern Mex-
ico. Heaven grant the invasion of Mexico may
not prove to the United States what the invasion
of Russia proved to France. Let us not disdain
the admonitory lessons of his'ory, which reveal to
us the impressive truth, that national degradation
and ruin are the ordinary attendants of a national
spirit of conquest and dominion.
Mr. Chairman, T do not underestimate the skill
and prowess of Ameii''an arms. I am not under-
rating the strength and power of this nation. Al-
though we may be omnipotent for self-defence,^v e
yet may not he strong enough to subjugate a lor-
eign, though it be a feebler nation. We may con-
quer and subjugate Mexico; hut instead of its
being a six-months' holiday exercise, as some
seemed to fancy it in the outset, it must be the
long and blot id v work of years, and at un incalcula-
ble wn=>te of treasure and of life. The concurrent
testimony of all who are best acquainted with the
physical and geographical character ana foimation
of Mexico, represent it as a country at once most
; easy to defend,' and most difficult to conquer. It is
' defended from the approach of an enemy, on tue
i whole line of its e?vstern border, by a periodical
' pestilence 45 more terrible than an army witn bail-
1 ners," which sweeps over it with fearful fatahty
one-half of the year". It is defended bv long lines
of mountain barriers,and desert plains, impassaoie
