m
-APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10
'29th Cong 2x> Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Parrish.
Ho. of Reps.
for armies. Its capital is accessible only through
mountain passes and deep defiles, where an hun-
dred men can resist a thousand. A population of
eight millions of inhabitants, surrounded by all
these natural defences, dispersed over nearly half a
continent, driven to the madness of desperation in
defence of their altars and their firesides, in defence
of the graves of their fathers, and of their very
existence as a nation, may be conquered; but that
conquest must be most dearly bought, and most
dearly maintained. It must be a conquest unto
death. Who shall count its millions of cost? Who
shall measure its rivers of blood and its rivers of
tears? And when you shall have gained it, tell
rne, ye who glory in the deeds of war, tell me what
it will be worth. When you shall have conquer-
ed Mexico, if that time shall ever be, what will
you do with it; or how will you govern it? How
will you hold in submission to your authority, her
fierce and untutored people, exasperated and re-
vengeful in the remembrance of past defeats and
present humiliation ? I put it to the advocates of
this war of conquest to answer these questions be-
fore God and their country.
And now let me ask, Mr. Chairman, what be-
comes of our own country in the mean time—this
noble patrimony of ours, which we inherited from
our fathers? Its vast and varied interests are ne-
glected, overlooked, almost forgotten in the hot pur-
suit of war. Its resources are to be exhausted and
drained to the very dregs, a heavy and accumula-
ting national debt to be entailed upon it, and the
millions, who earn their daily bread by their daily
toil, must be taxed to their utmost endurance, to
supply the " sinews " of foreign wars and foreign
conquests. The young men, the stiength and the
hope of the country,are to be called from the fields
and the workshops, and from the multiplied avo-
cations of civil Jife, to be enrolled in our armies of
invasion, and many of them to lay down their lives
upon a foreign soil. Conscription and taxation
become the order of the day. The finances of the
Government must be broken down, the country
cast ni bankruptcy, and public credit and public
confidence destroyed. The claims of private jus-
tice are denied, and thousands of our fellow-citizens,
who are calling upon the Government for the pay-
ment of their just and lon^-delayed demands, yet
call in vain, and are turned away upon the plea of
an empty treasury. The navigable waters of our
mighty nvers, and the harbors of our ocean lalce-^,
aie to bp left unimproved, and property and life
upon them left insecure, because all our means aie
employed in the conquest of foreign lands, and other
lakes and rivers. The ploughshare and the pru- |
mng-hook are to be turned into the sword and the I
spear, and our merchant ships converted into men- !
of-war. The people are to he led aside from the I
avocations and instructions of civil and social life, I
to learn the arts of war and bloodshed; and them- I
tegrity of the Union is to be put in peril before the 1
fell spirit thatlusteth after dominion and conquest.
* he country halts in its career of prosperity " to
look on blood and carnage." Dark and fearful as
is the prospect hcfore us m the prolonged duration
of tins war, it is only aggravated and made more
revolting by the rejection, that we might be saved
from all this national dishonor, and from all these
thieatened calamities, by one just and righteous
act on the part of those who, by the judgments of
i vovjdonee urjon our beloved country, are permit-
ted to hold its honor in their hands.
tion. He acquitted himself well. I give my sup- !i ries two or three of his sons, and, .purchasing farms
port to the bill because I believe it necessary. The ! for each in the same or adjoining neighborhoods,
President is charged by the Constitution with con- j starts them in the world, thus increases the num*
ducting war, and is clothed with the power of \ berof his children. Colored population increases
treating for peace. We are now engaged in war. ij whether free or bond, as fast or faster than the
For its conducting and honorable termination the !l whites, and there exist now in the slave States a
Executive has submitted to us his recommenda- j! large portion that are free. If you confine slavery
tions; and the money contemplated by this bill is Ij to its present limits, do you not increase the neces-
asked for. I am willing to vote it without restric- j! sity and inducement of the free colored population
tion; and in my place here, as I have ever done jj to find some other asylum ? The fiee States do
elsewhere, in public and in private, and as I shall ]} not want them; and in the northeastern States the
continue to do, I avow my opposition to the prin- !j prejudice is stronger than elsewhere; so strong, as
ciple and spirit of the pioviso attempted to be at- ji entirely to preclude their admission there. Even
tached; and if it prevails, I will vote against the ;l New York, the gentleman [Mr. Ratiibux] owns,
bill. I cannot but regret the course my colleague ij would send back the free negroes from the slave
has felt constrained to take, as deeply as he can ;j States. Emigration is never from the new or thinly
mine. [ have listened with interest to him, and j| settled regions to the older and more populous dis-
fhose who with him advocated this proviso, and tricts; and hence, by fixed principles, emigration
have been forced to the belief that he and they find J: of the black as well as white population is, and
themselves on ground that is dangerous to the Ad- j' must continue to be, westward. No effort of hu-
ministration, the Democracy, and the country. It man legislation can prevent it. The States of Del-
seems to me that the arguments which they have :| aware, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and Mis-
brought to their aid are but so many appeals to the souri,are all north of thirty-six degrees and thirty
worst passions and the strongest prejudices. They j) minutes north latitude, or the line of the Missouri
array the North against the South: this is section- ji compromise. In ail these States, where the same
ah They oppose one institution to another: this j, physicalcausesthatabolished slavery in New York
is bigotiy. Thev scramble for nnliti™! H AfK DV AV*n QtittAn n MA n AM t1-_   . ...... .
ority: this
this is avarice. They would confine slavery tu uk .  ,  
present limits, to punish its advocates: tins is re- jj into the free States"ofOhioTlndiana,MiciiisrarK
ven^e. They refuse to extend the area of freedom . Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin. How it would in-
alike to all our citizens: this is selfishness. All ! j juriously affect the labor of those States, or the
that lias been advanced resolves into one or the ij population, I need not now examine; but I hone I
other of these things. Not many gentlemen would !| have shown that our position and interests are dif-
openlv avow such sentiments m direct terms on ji ferent from some of the free States, and that my
this floor, but they are frequently urged to the :: colleague has no grounds to make a common cause
popular ear. Here, however, if not expressed, they and unite us to the northern extreme on tlus trues-
are clearly implied by the gentleman from New ji tion.
\ At If I A/i 1* K A TIlutTVT 1 onr?    nnll & fi\X 1 Ti' i*.
- -j -•"[   ~ j   ^wuMvumu IIV'III ilCW (
I oik, [Mr. 1'atiibon,] and my colleague, [Mr. I
Brin-uerhopf.] I disavow such means' to obtain
place or power, and would resign-my seat before '
I would resort to them to retain it. I
I object to my colleague [Mr. Briskerhoff] ;
committing me or my constituents on this ques- ;
tion, and uniting us to the North, as he and his 1
coadjutors are pleased to designate the free States, i
On this question, at present, the interest of the free
Ssfn tn« ii'pcf UFO fVr  ivi t K <->0,-. t,-. *l,„ ——   1
„ . ..... ... lllc st ot lne Iree ,, removed to another section; but I cannot suppress
States west are distinct fiom those to the northeast. ;; my surprise at that pretended philosophy which
This is a question between two extremes: the. f«_ :l adorns. tV> 
THE THREE Mil,LION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. ISAAC PARRISH,
OF OHIO,
In the Houif. of Representatives,
Ftlruary 10, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
Eiir^11 °r lhe u"Ion 0,1 the " Three Mlllion
lows'-" ^dressed the committee as fol-
:Wr. Chairman: Mv colleague, [Mr. Bf.ivker.
hnw A ^ iu?Va,kcn hls has
k nn is the^'w i 0dT0C0.te of' the < «<>'«  
k.iomh as the "Wilmot proviso," which is at-
tempted to be attached to the hill under consider-
This is a question between two extremes: the fa-
naticism of' the North against the fanaticism of the
South. The West has no interest in the question,
to induce her to take sides with either; and if ever
the time should come when a division of the Union
fakes place, the western free States cannot he allied
to a confederacy including either the northeastern
or southeastern portions of the Union, to the exclu-
sion of the other. She has no greater affinity to
Boston than to Charleston—to New York than to
New Orleans; and her geographical position must
continue to develop and govern her future course.
The West must, and will by destiny, become an
empire of herself. Nature has rendered it inevita-
ble. From the same cause, her interests oppose
her being- united to either of the parties in this
question. Those who advocate this proviso say
they are merely opposing the. extension of slavery.
Why do they not say they are opposed to increas-
ing slavery.5 The reason is obvious. The whole
people of this country are united; and our Govern- I
ment has exerted, and continues to exert, its legis- !
[alive and moral influences against the slave trade.
If time permitted, I could show that this retalia-
tory plan of keeping slavery within its piesent
limits increases the necessity for emigration, and
its evils upon our people, by preventing not only
the free colored man, but the white laborer, from
obtaining that employment, reward, and comfort,
in the slave States which he otherwise would, in
equal degree, if a portion of the slave labor were
removed to another section; but I cannot suppress
1Y1V Ctm-riwiefl of i -J ,1 i -i _ . . i ' i • 
, j [j.vivnwuu pjjiiuisupuy wiucn
i adopts the anti-Christian spirit of retaliation to
I keep slavery within a fixed limit, and, by uiflictin0*
. punishment on the sla\e owner, includes within
. its consequences free labor, whether white or black
, in the free as well as in the slave State. '
j But my colleague, [Mr. Br.jnk*:rhoff,] and
| others who are with him, would not interfere with
j slavery. And why? The Constitution protects
i it in the States where it exists, and they would not
i violate the Constitution. This implies that it is
; wrong; but it is fenced around by the Constitu-
tion. Now, when the hideousness of an institu-
tion is depicted as by my colleague, [Mr. Brixker-
hoff,] and it is tamely proposed to barter n off
for political advantage, as by the gentleman from
Acw York, [Mr. Rathbun,] I ask, what is the
Constitution to men entertaining such sentiments3
Infuse them into the popular mind until they inhst
the majority, as these gentlemen trust they will,
ana* with a numerical and physical majority influl
enced by the sentiment, and actuated by the mo-
tive of these gentlemen, what would be the Con-
stitution? Mere straw. It would be powerless.
o^7 proposed w™ ^ Uc°^^
?„nirro,pnSPS an^ sr,h th.mZ< therefore, slavery j; ry, or interest, should dictate. I have an abidin-
IV. A ...x-li;
ujGicime, slavery
cannot be increased but by procreation of those
who are already here. This increase these gentle-
men cannot prevent—(Pharaoh's barbarous device
for the Israelites failed;) but, by the phrase exten-
sion,they avoid meeting that just moral sense which
recoils at its antagonist, until, confining slavery
c. J • , . i nave dii tiiiiuiiiv
contidence in the intelligence and integrity of my
, countrymen, but I would entreat them to remem-
i such men as these, who desire such an
| object, from which they are only deteired by the
! Constitution, it they could ever attain the power,
would soon find the pretext to set aside or trample
wthin its present limits/it shall puni ri '3 ^ ZZ cZt tution- CTf^ &of T'" " "'T'u
population where it exists. I say just moral sense, !! purposes ' and ,f u,r one, for any and all
because retaliation is foi bidden by all sound ethics Wtir, ;t .t,„. • . i i- •
i Ohio or anv other State or Tw '! slave,&tate'1'  !l the commutee from which the bill should emanate,
. or any other Mate or lerritory where sla- a member from New York comes
i slavery in "the UnTteT'stktT^th incre,as®'I th?-blH for the p^pose, and to have the credit of
OT thiS " ad™nCe ^
i vnnia to Ohm A v* q n it j~\ t Uam O f a tn <■ „ m ^ * i
    i'viovjjk jium jrennsyi- :
vama to Ohio, or any other State or Territory, 1
would increase the white population of the United :
states; nor any more than the farmer, who mar-
What necessity existed for bringing this ques-
tion of slavery and slave territory before Congress
and the country, and incorporating it with the
