1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Wood.
Ho. of Reps.
bribe them. I trust, for the honor of my country,
that such a proposition will receive no countenance
here. Fight to the last, but keep your escutcheon
untarnished. If there are those who love treason,
and will tamper with traitors, let us not be of that
number. No, sir, if I supposed such was the ob-
ject of the Administration, for that reason alone X
would vote against the bill. However others may
do, I will never dishonor or disgrace myself by
having any part or lot in such a transaction. For
the honor of the. country, I trust this Government
will never thus disgrace itself.
I shall not vote for the bill, sir, unless this Wil-
mot proviso obtains. On this question I will en-
deavor to give my views succinctly, plainly, and
moderately. Were 1 otherwise disposed I could
not, since all the appellatives and expletives in the
English language, with its whole diatribe of abuse,
such as "dictation," "arrogance," u subterfuge,"
(i sophistry," " insidious assaults," " moral trea-
son," 44 incendiary," " jesuitical," " outrage,"
" madness," "insane ravings," " coward's plea,"
u cateran," " scurvy politicians," have been used
up by our southern friends in their calm and digni-
fied discussion of the question. In the shape of
afgurnent against that proviso, I have heard but
little that could be dignified with the name. Has
that question been directly met > By no means.
One objector says it will embarrass the Adminis-
tration, though for his life he cannot tell how, an-
other, that it is a political movement; a third, that
k is premature; a fourth, that it is an abolition
rnovement. True it is there are those who, jump-
ing to the other extreme, deny our right to interfere
with the question at all, and who undertake to vin-
dicate the institutions of slavery by invoking the
laws of God and man in their defence, and who
would throw over them the mantle of Christianity
and the shield of the Constitution. To all these,
if time suffices, do I intend briefly to reply.
As to embarrassing the Administration, and
wasting the time of the House, it has not been
done by the Democratic delegation from New
York. It is a false and sinister charge. One of
the number, [Mr. Strong,] indeed, says he has
done so. If this is true, it is certainly new to me;
and I most certainly think he overrates his own
powers and importance. We have voted every
war measure, the" twenty-eight million bill, and
every other bill required to prosecute the war, re-
ported from the committee of the whole, as soon
as brought forward by the special committee, and
have never interposed a single obstacle to the con-
summation of the object avowed by the Adminis-
tration m carrying on this war. It is true, this
House did reject an independent proposition to
impose a duty on tea mul cofiee, but it has never
refused to provide the means of raising a sufficient
revenue. It has virtually said it will use' its own
judgment as to what are or are not dutiable arti-
cles. This is its province, as an independent part
of the Government. It does not belong to the
President or the Secretary of the Treasury to dic-
tate to this House, in this or any other matter.
The independence of the Representative is the only
security the country has. Were it otherwise, we
might as well belong to the French Chamber of
Deputies. Sir, I hold him equally unworthy of a
seat in this House, whose governing principle is
factious opposition, or blind subserviency to the
Administration, We have done everything for
the prosecution of this war, believing it the only
way to obtain a speedy and honorable peace. If
I have any fault to find, it is, that the war has not
been prosecuted with sufficient energy and vigor;
a war, too, which, in common with others, I be-
lieve was caused by the annexation of Texas, and
that annexation consummated by southern rapa-
city and northern cupidity—by a combination be-
tween the slaveholder and the Texan bond and
scriphoider. And yet, sir, what a change in the
tone and ethics of a portion of this House! One
year since, and while discussing the Oregon ques-
tion, war and conquest were denounced by many
of our southern friends as most immoral, and an-
tagonistic to our Democratic institutions. On that
occasion, I was with them. Nor have I changed
my opinions since; for nothing can be more sub-
versive of every Democratic principle than war
for conquest and the extension of slave territory.
I shall briefly notice the charge, that this move-
ment is a political one. Our Whig friends have
long been in the habit of arrogating to themselves
all the decency and all the morality—our southern
friends, all the chivalry and patriotism; and they
have so long persisted In this, that it is possible
someof'them may believe their own assertions.
Little as may be left us of these virtues, I trust !
we shall be found to possess enough for this occa?
sion. Is there any* want of charity, sir, in suppo-
sing that those who are so ready to impute unworthy
and dishonorable motives to others, are themselves
actuated by them11 They who judge others by
themselves, oftener pass sentence on themselves
than on those whom they arraign and condemn.
During the attacks made upon my colleague,
[Mr. King,] the desponding inquiry was made
by some southern gentlemen on the other side of
the House, whether there was not at least one
"northern man with southern principles?" The
gratulations which have been showered down on
some who have preceded me in this debate, show
that they have found more than one such. This
debate opened with an imposing anti-climax of
three of them at once—the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] my colleague
the six or seven Representatives of some slave-
holding oligarchy. You would then see them, to
a man, arrayed against the whole system of public
plunder, and of Government patronage, which is
corrupting and undermining the very foundations
of the republic.
But, says another class of opponents to this pro-
viso, it is premature; in other words, it is right in
1 itself, but not well timed. Why, this concedes the
| whole question; and if this be all, why have you
j heaped so much abuse on my colleague [Mr. King]
j for a mere premature movement, and which you
j concede is right in itself? If this bill should pass,
j appropriating money in advance for the carrying
j out a treaty to be made, and not yet so much as
| entered upon, I should like to know when, if not
! now, will this House ever have an opportunity of
| expressing its views, or controlling and regulating
| the appropriations for that contemplated tieaty? I
| will tell you why my colleague's movement was
j so obnoxious; it brought out the fact, that this
| war was waged by the South for the purpose of
j acquiring slave territory; and, for once, chivalry
acted very much like detected chivalry! And, if
[Mr. Strong,] and the member from Michigan, j! it cannot be prosecuted for such a purpose* they
[Mr. Chipm\n.] Of the last two I can only say, l: "*,n u~  1   '' - A T' !~
par nobile fratram! Sir, when I heard the gentle-
man from New York misrepresenting her citizens,
and at the same time I knew he had in his posses-
sion the resolutions of her Legislature, instructing
her Senators, and requesting her Representatives,
to use their best efforts to exclude slavery forever
from any territory hereafter to be acquired; and
that he must have known there was but one opin-
ion throughout the whole State, and that the very
reverse of what he stated, I could scarce restrain
from giving utterance to my indignation on the
spot. Of the whole delegation, he alone is recreant.
Of all the brave and bright names, who achieved
our country's independence, there was one, and,
thank God, but one, Benedict Arnold !
In all honesty and truth, I tell my southern
friends not to be deceived by such misrepresenta-
tions. I tell them that thete is the beginning of
that "white heat" of which thev have ahcady J
heard. _ It is not a mere political movement, but j
the uprisings of a people, slow to rise,4*ut the more i
to be feared when roused. What can be gained ;
by such a movement? They must see at once that i
no political capital can be made by it, maugre the !
whisperings of those professed friends of a certain i
distinguished northern statesman,and who appear j
so deeply solicitous for his future success. Gen-1 <
tlcmcn are mistaken. I speak for a class who |
would spurn the reversion of the Presidency from |
this time to the final conflagration, (should the re- i
public exist so lone:,) coupled with the condition i
that slavery should be extended over a country j
now free. No one could regret a sectional division j
of the country more than myself; but if it should i
be so, the fault is not ours. Your accusation j
against the North of arrogance and dictation, is
very much like the cry of "stop thief." It is
your arrugance, your dictation, not ours, which
has produced this state of things. It is you who
first made your peculiar institutions an affirmative
I will be found opposing the Administration. It is
,i they, not we, who need those twaddling lectures
ij so frequently delivered from a certain quarter, and
which, in point of force, are at least equal to the
| homilies of Gd Bias' paralyzed bishop. Prema-
J ture, sir ! If that word has any meaning, it means
t that time had not been given to cajole the tfredu-
I Ions, to frighten the timid, and to buy the venal.
: It brought out another fact; the intention to again
apply, if nothing better could be done, the Mis-
souri compromise. You adopted this compromise
in the resolution annexing Texas; and, notwith-
standing its provisions, she "came herewith a consti-
tution extending slavery, not to 36° 30', but to 42°
north, and I voted against it. Who is theie that
knows not that, that compromise had reference to
an entirely ditferent subject from the one now un-
der discussion ? Who is there so ignorant as not
tojenow the political death to which every north-
ern representative was condemned who voted for
that compromise? The North will not go for it
now; they will go against it to a man; all, save
those who, the subjects of a modified rotten-bor-
ough system, will sell themselves for a foreign
mission here, a colleetorship there, a warrant in
the navy, a commission in the army, or even for
some little, beggarly post office—men who, with-
out any independence or elevation of character,
think themselves elevated by holding some pitiful
office.
If there be any such from my own State, who,
for such purposes and by such influences, will be-
tray the North, and encircle himself m the arms of
the South, let me say to him that an infamy awaits
him deeper and blacker than the pit of perdition.
While I can respect a southern man for acting
consistently, wrong as I may think him, yet for a
northern man to be found riveting the chains of
the slave, and extending slavery, merits a rebuke
1 have not language to administer, and deserves a
position more degraded than the miserable being
issue. The Democracy of the North never with- ji whose shackles he would fasten. There is no
held their votes from any official candidate because
he was a southern man with southern principles.
It is you who have declared that no northern man
shall receive your support unless he shall first re-
nounce his allegiance to our free institutions, and
swear fealty to negro slavery. Now, we do not
mention the fact that you aie, and have been, in
the possession ofneaily all the distinguished offices
of the republic since its existence, because we de-
sire those offices, but because it shows the nature
and dangerous influence of slave-institutions. In
my opinion, a scramble for office is a pitiful busi-
ness; and yet if these offices are honors, theyshould
be equally shared—if burdens, equally borne. If
you are not scrambling for them, it is for the rea-
son that, through the influence of your " peculiar
institutions," you get them without any effort.
Be it so. As far as my feelings are concerned, I
could wish that New York might never again have
another candidate for the Presidency—no son of
hers ever again seek an office under the General
Government. Then, sir, her college of thirty-six
electors would tell in the selection of a President-
hisrhminded southern man but will look upon him
with contempt. He may use him, but he will de-
spise him.
Another charge I wish to repel is, that this is
an abolition movement. However intelligent the
South may be in matters relating to themselves,
this very charge shows how little they know about
the North. Like Wilkes, it may be a part of their
tactics to make knowingly a false imputation for
the sake of inducing a reply, and thus place their
opponents in a false position. I shall not thus be
drawn away from the subject. Whatever may
have been the cause of that movement, the South
is answerable for Us present existence. It is owing
to your 21st rule—to your destruction of a print-
ing press in one place, and to the murder of an
editor in another. It is believed that these and
other violences are the legitimate fruits of your
.slave institutions. Why, sir, the violent speeches
which have been made by some of you on the floor
of this House, will make more Abolitionists than
the whole North could unmake.
You complain of our " tolerating certain socie-
her thirty-four Representatives would have at least j! ties." Now, it so happens that the Constitution
as much influence on the floor of this House, as " guaranties the liberty of speech and of the press,
