1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr, Bayly.
Ho* of Reps.
time permit, I could tell you where it will stop,
and what will inevitably be the end of it.
But, says the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Bowdon,] " by confining us to certain limits, you
mean to compel us to'emancipate our slaves."
That, gentlemen, i<f your business, not ours; we
have nothing to do with it. But we have a great
deal to do with the question, whether this country,
if acquired, shall be cursed,as we say; weakened,
as Mr. Pinckney said, by the introduction of a
slave population.
This is a national question. It is not a question
of mere dollars and cents. It is not a mere politi-
cal question. It is one in which the North has a
higher and deeper stake than the South possibly
can have. It is a question whether, in the gov-
ernment of the country, she shall be borne down
by the influence of your slaveholding aristocratic
institutions, that have not in them the first element
of Democracy. It is a question whether this Re-
public shall be weakened, cramped, and degraded
by an institution doomed of God and man. We
know something; of the curse of slavery, and we
have seen more; and had we not got rid of it, we
should have been in as bad a condition as your
more northern slave States now are. Hug this
institution to your own bosom, if you choose,
until it eats out your very vitals; but let it not
blast, and blight, and curse, with the mildew of
heaven, any other portion of God's heritage, save
where, by leave of the Constitution, it now exists.
Say what you will, it hangs over this country a
black and portentous cloud. Do gentlemen sup-
pose we are blind, that we cannot look "on this
picture, and on that?" I do not wish to make
any invidious comparisons, but I am reminded
that, in 1790, Virginia contained twice the popu-
lation of New Yoik. With fewer square miles of
territory, and a less genial climate, in 1840, New
York had twice the number of inhabitants of Vir-
ginia; at the former period, the representation of
Virginia, was the largest in the National Legisla-
ture; now it is the fourth in number. The cause
of all this cannot be mistaken. Why, sir, when I
hear gentlemen talk of the beauties and blessings
of slavery, and roundly affirm that it is one of the
best institutions in the world, I am strongly re-
minded of the '• Tale of the Tub," and of Peter's
insisting that a loaf of bread was a shoulder of
mutton; and because Martin and John would not
believe it, flying into a furious passion and turning
them both out of doors. Whether we shall be
turned out of the Union, for believing the evidence
of our own eyes, instead of your assertions, re-
mains to be seen. ii Do you not see," says one,
" that powerful and leading Commonwealth,"
with her marts of commerce, her railroads and
canals, rich in every resource, and abundant in
every element of greatness? Do you not see her
luxuriant and highly cultivated fields, laden with
the choicest of fruits, and pouring wealth into the
lap of their owners 5 Do you not see those neat
cottages, inhabited by happy and contented labor-
ers, devoted to their masters, and clinging to them
with child-like confidence and affection? No, I
see no such thing; but I see a Commonwealth
once powerful, now no longer so—without com-
merce, without resources, and all things wearing
the aspect of decay. I see fields, once fertile, now
almost as barren as if the sirocco of the desert had
swept over them. I see miserable hovels, filled
with a miserable, degraded, and vicious popula-
tion, and that very population not unfrequently
flying to the cold snows of Canada for protection
from the vengeance of a pursuing and threatening
master. Sir, this very morning, the inhabitants
at the other end of the avenue were early disturbed
by the wild shrieks of female distress: a young
woman, almost as white (as I am informed) as
your wives and daughters, with her hands strong-
ly bound, was dragged through the street by a
brute, in human shape, claiming to be her owner,
and threatening to hush her screams by stamping
and crushing her on the pavement, while she (in-
sisting that she was free) wildly appealed to the
gathering crowd to protect her. Whether free or
a slave, 1 know not; but he who called himself her
master, succeeded (as I am informed) in extorting
six hundred dollars from the sympathies of her
employer as the price of her freedom.
Mr. McDANIEL. I call the gentleman to or-
der,
The CHAIR. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. WOOD. If I am to be called to order for
the statement, on the floor of this House, of a fact
pertinent to the question before us,and which trans-
pired in open day, on a public street in this capital,
in Heaven's name, what must be the nature of an
institution of which its abettors would not permit
me to speak, and of which they cannot speak
calmly and dispassionately themselves! I know
not that I should be surprised at their sensitive-
ness. Disregarding, as they do, the voice of the
mighty dead, and resisting the tide of civilization,
the claims of humanity, and the demands of a pure
Christianity, it must be difficult to remain cool and
dispassionate. But, sir, how can we be silent when
such scenes are taking place before our eyes, and
we and our families-are disturbed by the cries an<t
shrieks of the victims of this (as some of you call
it) beautiful and Heaven-ordained institution! How
can we consent that such an institution, thus im-
poverishing and brutalizing, shall be extended over
free territory ?
A gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
has referred to what Edmund Burke said of the
influence of their institutions on the character of
the South: "That freedom to tfcem was not only
an enjoyment, but a kind of rank and privilege."
Had he given the whole sentence, he would have
found, that "he did not mean to commend the su-
perior morality of the sentiment," (it being founded
on a contrast with the condition of their miserable
slaves,) " which had at least as much of pride as
virtue in it."
It is many years since I read the speech of the
British statesman,^ which the gentleman refers,
but I recollect what he said of the North, and the
influence of their institutions on their character,
that "their Protestantism was of that kind that
made them adverse to all implicit submission of
mind and opinion;'1 and I would call the attention
of the gentleman to what Burke said was the basis
upon which " liberty itself was built." Sir, it is
the kind of "rank and pnvilege" which negro sla-
very gives, which makes some of these gentlemen
contend so hotly for it. It does give them power.
Of the five million white inhabitants living south
of Mason and Dixon's line, as the gentleman says,
but a small portion, comparatively, enjoy this rank
and privilege, as they own no slaves; and hence,
if I do not much mistake, you never see one of that
class holding a seat on the floor of this House. I
recollect reading, some years since, the message, I
think, of a southern Governor to the Legislature,
in which he says, in substance, "that each succes-
sive generation of blacks was the property of each
successive generation of whites; and that, if sla-
very were abolished, their posteuty would he poor."
This is what the slaveholder fears; deprived of his
slaves, he loses his adventitious rank and privilege.
As the gentleman from South Carolina does not
make a quotation without an intended application,
I would ask, whether theie was a threat or a warn-
ing couched in the allusion to Burke ? If so, I would j
remind him, that the thieatened are proverbially
long-lived. Docs he refer to the gallantry of his
immediate ancestors? I point to the stern, deter-
mined bravery of mine. I point him to their pro-
genitors and brothers in another land, where, be-
fore the invincible courage of the Puritan soldier,
the proud and valiant cavalier went down to the
dust. But, sir, this is all idle. Threats with brave
men, and by brave men, should never be used.
Mr. Chairman, when I rose I did not intend to
occupy thus much of the time of the committee.
There are many other questions connected with
this. The influence of slave institutions upon the
other branch of the Government—that masterly
inactivity now again bestirring itself—a cordon of
independent States instead of confederated States—
and why the West will never permit disunion—are
questions which I could wish to discuss, but can-
not for want of time. I am not particularly de-
sirous of conquest. There may be other means of
adjustment of our difficulties with Mexico beside
the acquisition of territory. This I leave where it
belongs—to the Administration. But if territory
be acquired, we insist that slavery, with all its
evils, moral and political, shall not be inflicted upon
it. We have in good faith sustained the Admin-
istration in the prosecution of this war; we have
met every question connected with it; but on the
subject of the extension of slavery there is at the
North but one sentiment, and in accordance with
it I shall act. You may be deceived by those mis-
representing that sentiment. I have tried to unde-
ceive you; I have told you what the public opinion
is, and I flatter myself that those who know me
well and intimately, will believe what I say. We
make no threats of dissolving the Union, and w.e*
are not intimidated by those who do. But I reiter-
ate, in closing, that come what may, it is the stern
and determined purpose of the North that slavery,
as far as she is concerned, can extend itself over
no new territory.
Note—The following is the article referred to, as copied
fiom the North American:
1 u A letter written fiosn Aecoirmc expressed * surprise to
find men who hesitate nut to swrar and drink' * calling upon
the Christians to bow down to the God of this world.7 This
pamphlet is before us. 'We did not «uppose H possible that
conspicuous a nil influential men could he found at the South
willing to lend then name-3 to such a publication. If abound?
in the wildest and mo<t sweeping (ten (nidations of the Noith,
and proscribes all connexion with it in terms the most viru-
lent. Not only is jtni effect a pleafor the dissolution of the
Union, hut for ontiru non-interoouise with the Noith. It
asks,i Can a sl.iveholding community always iclv upon pio
felons, even from preacher* ?' and add*, that a man 'when
asked, Are jou an abohuotnst" to anawei ' No,' is wholly
un«ati5-fa<-toty. The interiog \tor is precisely wheie he was
before the question was a^ked; neither wi^er nrtr better
informed as to the real chaiacter oi the peison inte.rro^.it'd.
u The address regard* the continuance of Chiicuan con-
nexion with a northern church, as, of iiself, an overt act of
abolitionism. It says < the cmliz-d world has signed and
' sealed the doom of slavery! Friends of the Methodist
'church in Accomac, were you parties to this death-war-
' rant? Js your seal attached to it?5 Andasjain; < Is it po1*
< sible that they can flatter themselves no mischief is to giow
'out of sueh a connexion?' Upon another page Judge
Scarborough says:
" ' Can we sustain practices in a body of Christians, whics
< we would spurn and revolt at if done in our Legi? Jatuieto
(or other public assemblages ? Will we su-tain and adhere
1 to a conference which allows.the introduction of w gio tes-
k timony in church trials agrim-st white pei^ons, which is to
{ expel u^ fiom the church of our choice, and di««iace us in
' the eves of our follows, when in trials at law wp wilt not
< toleiate their testimony even where a sixpence is involved V
u But, lest this language should not he sufficiently expli-
cit, the vengeance of tin* niobi<distinctly threatened against
thishndy of Christian?*, themselves slaveholders, and whose
onlv offence is communion with the Philadelphia Confci-
enco. k We cannot,' savs the address, ' h"heve the Metho-
dists of this eomitv will longer desire to continue, OR THE
PUHLTC LONGER TOLERATE, their connexion with Ike
northernchur'.h-i"
The address appeals in a mo«=t violent and passionate man-
ner, a? we should iudge by the extracts, to the feelings of
the people in that district; and not without effect, a*ihe>e
tacts seem to show. A letfei in the Snow Hill fbield state* :
"That, in consequence of the excitement produced by
the town meeting and pamphlet, a strange s-cene was wit-
nessed on Sabbath at' Guihord meeting-house.' A number
of noters. with a loaded cannon, awaited the appion^h of
the preaehcr in chaige, detei mined to destioy him. lie did
not arrive ; and the cluv.ilri that loaded a cannon to asssa^-
sin.ili; a mimstei of the God of Peace, were deprived of their
frolic and victim.
<k Upon another oceaMon the mob surioundod the church
dining service, discharging guns, throwing stones, and ex-
citing tht greatest alarm in the female worshippers. At
length they entered the church and disposed the congrega-
tion, thieatemng the life of the preacher if lie dared to re-
turn "
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF MR? T. H. BAYLY,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 11, 1847.
The Three Million Bill and the Wilmot Proviso
beinf under consideration in Committee of the
Whole-
Mr. BAYLY said:
Mr. Chairman: The effort to ingraft this pro-
viso oil the bill before the committee is a palpable
attempt to usurp powers not conferred by the Con-
stitution on Congress; and ithas not the miseiable
apology that it is calculated to promote any of tlie
objects for which the Constitution was fiamec],
but, on the contrary, it is destructive of all. In
demonstrating this proposition, I purposely throw
out of view the fact, which has been so often men-
tioned, that this is an attempt to legislate for a tcr-
litory which is not yet completely ours, and
] which nifty never become so—which,indeed, never
! will become ours, if Congress consents to act m
| the spirit in -which til is resolution is conceived; for
\ although this fact is most potent to show the wick-
edness of this proceeding, yet I will leave others
I to comment on it, and meet gentlemen upon the
I ground they have selected. I will argue the ques-
