346
29th Cong.....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Bayly.
[Feb. 11,
Ho. of Reps.
tion upon their own assumption, that we have ac-
quired, or certainly will acquire, territory w this
war with Mexico. Conceding this, I ask* where
do you find the authority iri the Constitution to
enact such a proviso as that proposed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] ?
* Sir, this Government is one of delegated powers;
and all powers not delegated in the Constitution*
by the very terms of that instrument, are reserved
to the States and the people. The Congress has
no more authority to exercise a power not delega-
ted than it has one absolutely prohibited. These
are trite truths, which I regret the necessity of ut-
tering. But when, in a House nominally demo-
cratic, we hear from gentlemen professing to be
Democratic such doctrines as that this Govern-
ment possesses sovereignty, and that it has innate
powers, it is time for such as have learned other
doctrines to proclaim them. Although trite to us,
- they are new to others. Sir, this Government
possesses no sovereignty: it is true the States have4
delegated to it the exercise of certain sovereign j
powers; but the sovereignty itself is in the people, j
and is inalienable. .This Government has no in-;
nate powers. Its powers are all derivative. These j
positions will not be disputed by any one who un- i
derstands the A B C7s of the republican faith. 1
Bearing them in mind, Task, in what clause of the !
Constitution do you find the power to legislate at 1
nil, much less to adopt irrevocable legislation for
the territories which we now hold or may hereaf-
ter acquire? Mark, I do not ask for the power to
pro pose forms of government to the territories, but
for the power to legislate for them. I do not con-
cede the first; but it is not necessary for my argu-
ment that I should dispute it. I know it has been
exercised from the foundation of the Government;
and some very sound republicans have regarded it
as fairly an incident to the power of acquiring ter-
ritory. This is not'satisfactory to me. I have
great doubts about our power to establish for the
territories even temporary governments, and these
doubts are strengthened by the proceeding of the
Convention which framed the Constitution. On
the 18th of August, Mr. Madison submitted, in
order to be referred to the committee of detail,
among others, the following power as proper to be
added to those of the general legislature:
"To dispose of the unappropriated lands of the United
States ;
"To institute temporary governments lor tiie new States ;
arising thcrelll.,,
The first branch of this proposition was virtually j
adopted. What became of the second r It shared ;
the fate of the proposition to confer upon Congress
the power to grant charters of incorporation, to i
establish a university, and to construct canals, &c. ,
The convention refused to confer the power con- j
tained in it. In the only territories which we then |
possessed, a temporary government already exist- !
ed, and the convention was willing to leave it to !
the people of the territory themselves to make such |
alterations as might become necessary. I am very !
much inclined to the opinion that the only legiti- I
mate authority which the territorial governments j
possessed is derived, not from the legislation of1
Congress, but the adoption and the acquiescence i
by the people of the teriitories in it. Wc have I
performed the partof another Locke, and proposed i
constitutions in which the people of the territories i
have acquiesced; but they have derived their sane- i
tion from the last proceeding, and not the first. |
Be this, however, as it may, 1 say the power of 1
legislation is a very different thing. Legislation !
is action itself—constitutions contain the forms of j
action. And so far from the practice of the govern-
ment having sanctioned the power of legislation i
over the teriitories, now sought to be exerted, in i
the putprand better days of the republic, it was i
directly the other way. >
The clause of the Constitution from which the
power in Congress to legislate for the territories is :
most usually derived, by those who contend for it, i
is the 2d clause of the 3d section of the 4th article, .
which is in these words: |
"The Congress shall hav^ power to dispose of and make
all ruedful titles and c* filiation? reflecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States.
Now, it is perfectly evident, from the language
itself, that the authority given is over the territory
land; and it is concerning this, when it belongs to
the United States, about which "Congress may
make all needful rules and regulations." And it
may, without doubt, under the authority given,
pass such laws concerning the public lands situate
in the territories as to it may seem needful. But
surely this clause confers no power upon Congress
to make rules and regulations concerning persons
in the territories, or their private property. It is
only concerning " the territory or other property
belonging to the United States," that we can make
rules and regulations.
When the Convention which framed the Consti-
tution designed to confer powers of legislation, it
used appropriate language to convey its meaning j
and language, very different from that of the clause
under consideration. And here permit me to re-
mark, before I refer to the clause in which this is
done, that the Constitution is as remarkable for its
literary execution,as for the great political wisdom
imbodied in it. There are no useless expressions;
there is no tautology; there is no looseness of ex-
pression. The precise term, appropriate to con-
vey the idea designed to be conveyed, is always
used. Those who have studied the debates of the
Convention, mus^have been struck with the care
and minuteness with which the exact meaning of
every word and term used was criticised. There
is no instance where, when different phraseology
is used, it is not designed to convey different mean-
ings. When the Convention designed to confer
upon Congress the power of legislation, they did
not use ambiguous and doubtful expressions, but
such as are precisely appropriate to express the
idea. This is done in the section in which the
authority is conferred upon Congress " To exer-
cise exclusive legislation in all cases whatever
over such district (not exceeding ten miles square)
as may by cession of particular States, and the
acceptance of Congress, become the seat of Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to exercise like
authority over all places purchased by the consent
of the Legislature of the State in which the same
shall be for the erection of- forts, magazines, ar-
senals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
Here are words used appropriate to confer the
power of legislation; and you are not permitted to
suppose that the Convention designed to confer the
same power in another clause, when they use dif-
ferent language, not at all appropriate. Indeed, in
this clause, the power of legislation over distinct
places is conferred; and if there was any other
over which it was designed to he conferred, here
was the proper place to have done it; and doubt-
less the place where it would have been done. For
the Convention evinced, as was very natural, a
purpose of grouping all similar powers together.
It appears to me very clear that the second clause
of the third section of the fourth article confers i|
upon Congress no power of legislation for the Ter- j!
ritories now held, or hereafter to he acquired, ex-
cept such as may concern the Territories as proper-
ty. It is not pretended to be derived from any
other clause. Those who talk *bont its being an
inherent power do not derive it ftom the Constitu-
tion, but from some other source than the Consti-
tution; whence, I am sure I do not know, as I
never heard till lately that this Government pos-
sessed any powers not granted to it in the Consti-
tution, either expressly or by implication.
The practice of the Government has not, as
seems to be taken for granted in this debate, been
inconsistent with jjiese views, as I will proceed to
show; and [ must here beg the indulgence of the
committee for some minuteness of detail.
First, of the ordinance of 1787, about which we
luive heard so much. In the first place I do not
hesitate to say that that ordinance originated in a
jj palpable usurpation of power by the Congress of
!j 1787. The Articles of Confederation conferred
j upon Congress no such power. Indeed, they con-
■ ! ferred scarcely any legislative powers whatever.
i| The powers conferred were mainly executive, and
! related to our foreign relations. The Congress,
!| under the Confederation, was rather a many-head*
| ed executive than a legislative body. The Congress
:j itself seemed to concede,atone time,that they could
,i not adopt the ordinance, as a legislative act; and
,| hence they attempted to give it validity under the
guise of " compact." But admit it to be such, and
J ,«• • I ( ^ V/ l (1J pu.i.,L. XJ UU UU III IV ib uv iSU*-'!! , CH1VI
as pioperty. ihe term "territory is here used jj you do not avoid the difficulty, but rather increase
m a very common sense, as synonymous with i[ it; for the ordinance was adopted by a bare majori-
ty, and did not receive the vote of a sufficient num-
ber of States to give it validity as a compact. And
at one time, this was the view of the Congress it-
self. In April, 1784, the ordinance was first pro-
posed; and it had seven States in its favor, three
against, and one (North Carolina) divided. Yet
it was decided to be rejected. Thus showing that
the Congress thought the affirmative vote of mrfe
States, the number the Articles of Confederation
required to adopt treaties, was necessary to its
adoption. But the Congress finding that the vote
of nine States could not be had for it, and notwith-
standing their decision in 1784 that a smaller num-
ber would not be sufficient in 1787, they declared
it adopted by a bare majority. But something
more was necessary to give it validity as a com-
pact, which is wanting in this case. To create a
compact, there must be parties able and willing to
contract, and who in fact do contract. Now, who
in this case were the parties? The ordinance de-
clares the parties to be "the original States and the
peopleand States in the said territory." Now, sir,
I choose on this point to rest upon the fact rather
than the law. Which of the original States ever
assented to this compact? Not one! It is true,
Virginia was asked to consent to a change which
was proposed in the boundary of the States, which
it was designed to create in the territory northwest
of the Ohio, and the number of them, from the
number and boundaries specified in her deed of ces-
sion. To this Virginia assented, but she was not
asked to assent, and she did not assent, to any
other part of the ordinance. There is no pretence
that any other State acted in the matter at all.
Will it be said that they assented through their
delegates m Congress? They had no commission
to give any such assent. Besides, "the peopleand
States in the said territory," the other parties, were
; not represented in Congress, and they never were
m any form consulted.
If this ordintfftce is to be considered a legislative
act, it was always null and void; because the Con-
gress of 1787 had no authority to pass it as such,
as the Congress of"1784 decided. But if it is to be
considered a compact, then it was equally void, as
it was not adopted by the requisite vote, and, above
all, as the pretended parties to it were not consult-
ed. Well, then, might Mr. Madison speak of it
as an act " done without the least color of consti-
tutional authority." In the thirty-eighth number
of the Federalist, Mr. Madison says: 44 Congress
has assumed the administration of this stock."
[Referring to the public lands.] "They have be-
' gun tp render it productive. Congress has under-
1 taken to do more, they have proceeded to form
' new States; to erect temporary governments; to
* appoint officers for them; and to prescribe the
{ conditions on which the States shall be admitted
' into the Confederacy. +#nd all this has been rfone,
( and done without the least color of constitutional au-
( thority." And, in truth, the sixth article of the
ordinance, the one relating to slavery, was always
treated as a nullity in the territory itself. At the
time of the cession of the territory, it was uninhab-
ited except by a few French and Canadian settlers,
who hold slaves. And they continued to hold
them, notwithstanding the ordinance, and the issue
of many of them are held as slaves to this day.
I think it sufficiently clear, Mr. Chairman, that
the sixth article of the ordinance of 1787 never had
any validity. But of all the absurd ideas I have
ever heard in this Hall, the idea that the ordinance
is forever beyond the reach of the people of the
present States, and, in its own language, is to
" forever remain unalterable," is, beyond question,
the most absurd. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Pettit] says it is unalterable, because it is a
compact. Have I not shown that it never had va-
lidity as such ? Besides, suppose it was otherwise:
who ever had authority to bind men and their de-
scendants through all time, as to the form of gov-
ernment and the institutions under which they
should iive5 All governments are compacts in the
sense in which the word compact is used here; yet
will any one say, in this country, that the people
can be restrained in their right to alter and reform
their governments and laws whenever, in their
opinion, it will be promotive of their prosperity
and happiness? If this idea, that this ordinance
is foiever unalterable be conect, then the States in
the northwest are not completely sovereign, and
they do not stand on an equal footing with the ori-
