1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso-—Mr. Bayly,
Ho. of Reps.
ginal States. And the condition of the Virginia
deed of cession that they should be admitted into
the Union " having the same rights of sovereignty,
freedom, and indfependence as other States," has
been violated. Will the northwestern States admit
that such is their condition of inferiority ?
The attempt by the old Congress to legislate for
the Territones was always considered by sound
republicans as a usurpation of power; and after
the adoption of the piesent Constitution, it was
never deliberately attempted in the puier and bet-
ter days of the republic. On the 7th May, 1800,
the Indiana Territory was formed. At that time
there was no such attempt; nor on the 10th of the j
same month, when an act passed authorizing the J
establishment of a government in the Mississippi I
Territory. On the 26th of March, 1804, the act J
erecting Louisiana into two Territories was passed. !
In that act the power was attempted to be exer-
cised in the section prohibiting any others than
persons removing to the Territory to reside to in-
troduce slaves; but the attention of Congress seems
not to have been called to it at the time, for the
next session it was repealed. In the law erecting
Michigan into a separate Territorial Government,
there was no attempt at Territorial legislation; nor
was there in the case of Illinois, or of Missouri.
In the case of Wisconsin there was; and the con-
ditions and restrictions of the ordinance of 1787
were recognised. But it was done in general and
ambiguous phraseology which caused it to pass
unnoticed. It was not attempted in the case of
Iowa; nor in the bill of the la&t session relative to
the Oregon Territory, until the 6th article of the
ordinance of 1787 was ingrafted on it, upon the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop.] On the contrary, in most of these
acts, all legislative power, except such as relates
to the disposal of the public lands, is recognised as
existing in the Territorial legislatures. This is
most clearly done in the case of Iowa, the provi-
sion in reference to which, I shall have occasion to
quote in another connexion. It is true, in most of
these acts, there is secured to the inhabitants of
the Territories all the " rights, privileges, and im-
munities," granted and secured by the ordinance
of 1787; and I have heard it contended that this
recognised the article prohibiting slavery. But it
is very clear that this is an erroneous view. The
words here used are taken from the Constitution
of the United States, where they have a technical
and ascertained meaning. In the language of Judge
Chase, in the case of Morris vs. Campbell, " pn-
* vilege and immunity are synonymous, or nearly
* so. Privilege signifies peculiar advantage, ex-
emption, immunity; immunity signifies e£emp-
* tion, privilege." And in the language of Mr.
Justice Washington, in the case of Corfield and j
Coryell, the "rights, privileges, and immunities
' which arc designed to be .secured by the Consti-
1 tution, and also by the case in question, are the
*fundamental rights and piivileges." Such as the
right of trial by jury, of habeas corpus, of reli-
gious freedom, to acquire and possess property,
and many other of the same class, which are pro-
vided fur in the ordinance.
And from the act lelative to Wisconsin itself, it
is evident that its framers did not understand the
words m question as referring to the articlc of the
ordinance relative to slavery, for in the very same
section, after declaring " that the inhabitants of
said Territory shall be entitled to all the rights,
privileges, and advantages," secured by the ordi-
nance, it is added, 14 and shall be subject to all the 1
conditions arid restrictions and prohibitions in said \
articles of compact;" which words were unnecessa- 1
ry, if the construction gentlemen contend for is J
, conect. i
But it has been asked, why do most of these
laws ox'ganizing territorial governments require
that the laws passed by the Territorial Legislature
shall be submitted to Congress, and declare that
they shall be null if disapproved ? and also, if this
does not look like reserving the power of legisla-
tion? On the contrary, these provisions but re-
serve a sort of congressional veto, which enacts
nothing, does nothing affirmatively, but puts it in
the power of Congress to arrest legislation, and
leave things as they were. The object is evident.
It is to enable Congress to arrest teiritorial legis-
lation relativo to the public lands, the exclusive
right of legislation in reference to which is reserved
to Congress. And it is believed that there is no
instance where Congress has interposed, except in
cases where the Territorial Legislatures have at-
tempted to pass laws affecting the public lands.
The section of the Iowa territorial constitution
shows very clearly the object of the reservation.
It is in these words:
" Sfc. 6. j3nd be it further enacted, That the legislative
power of the Territory shall extend to all rightful subjects of
legislation; but no Jaw shall be passed interfering with the
primary disposal of the soil; no tax shall be imposed upon
the property of the United Statps; nor shall the lands or
other properly of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents. All the laws of the
Governor and Legislative Assembly shall be submitted to,
and if disapproved by the Conaxew of the United States, the
same shall be null and of no effect."
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to the Missouri
compromise. I am free to admit, in that, there
was an attempt on the part of Congress to adopt
fundamental legislation for the Territories, But
it must be borne in mind, that the strict construc-
tionists never admitted the right of Congress to
do so. On the contrary, the South voted against
the Missouri compromise. That compromise, as
it is improperly called, was forced upon us by
the North. And it has been acquiesccd in by the
South rather in consequence of the circumstances
in which it originated, and as a means of prevent-
ing the agitation of an exciting and irritating sub-
ject, than because of any validity ia-the thing itself.
Its obligation is rather moral than legal, and we
have-acquiesced in it as sueh heretofore, and are
willing to do so hereafter.
I have thus shown that the Constitution confers
no authority upon Congress to legislate for the
Territories, exccpt in reference to the public lands;
and that the practice of the Government has not
sanctioned any such authority. I now take higher
ground. I maintain that not only no such author-
ity is delegated by any proviso in the Constitution,
but that it is in direct conflict with some of them,
and with the spirit of the whole instrument.
The Constitution guaranties to each State a re-
publican form of government—the fundamental
principle of which is the right of self-government.
The very definition of tyranny is to be subject to
laws, in the enactment and continuance of which
we have no voice; the very definition of republi-
canism is thejright to govern ourselves. And yet
gentlemen, professing to be republicans,come here,
and not only claim the right to legislate for a peo-
ple without consulting them, but absolutely to
make that legislation irrevocable ?
Again: the Constitution of the United States
provides for the admission of new States into the
Union. The third clause of the second section of
the first article declares, " that representatives and [
4 direct taxes shall be apportioned among the sev- j
' eral States which maybe included within this]
'Union according to their respective numbers,]
4 which shall be determined by adding to the whole i
1 number of free persons, including those bound to
' service for a term of years, excluding Indians not
4 taxed, three-fifths of all other persons."
Here we find that representation of slaves is ex-
pressly provided for in new States to be admitted
into the Union. This pnrves conclusively that
the framers of the Constitution contemplated the ];
I future admission of slave States. The new States I
| to be admitted, which were more particularly in :
the mind of the Convention, were undoubtedly j
those which it was contemplated would be carved .
out of the territories which we then possessed, ;
and which it was daily expected we would ac- j
quire by the cession of the States. It was known [
to the framers of the Constitution that territorial i
governments would, from necessity, precede the ;
organization of States. Can any one at ail con- |
versant with the history of the Constitution for a |
moment believe that it would have been adopted, i
if it had been understood that Congress might pro- ;
hibit slavery in territories? Sir, if there was one |
feeling which more than any other characterized
the proceedings of the Convention, it was a settled
distrust on the part of the southern States of thfe
northern and eastern States on the subject of sla-
very. The Constitution itself shows this. Look
at the guarantees and safeguards contained in it,
which were insisted upon by the South as " sine
quanousWith these notorious facts staring us
in the face, can any one believe that this means of
war upon slavery—the right of legislation for the
territories upon the subject of slavery, more dan-
gerous than any other—would have been quietly
conceded by the South ? Sir, it is- impossible.
Who, at all acquainted with-the history of those
times, believes for a moment that the Constitution
ever would have been adopted if it had been under-
stood that it conferred such a power upon Con-
gress? When the South insisted upon safeguards
and guarantees in one part of the Constitution as
a condition of their adopting it, can any one be-
lieve they would have conceded in other parts
powers which would make them all nugatory?
There is no one who believes this. Then the
solemn question arises, which I beg gentlemen to
consider calmly, can this Constitution last, if
powers are exercised in violation of it, the grant
of which would have prevented its adoption ?
This proposition to exclude slavery from all the
territories hereafter to be acquired, without any
reference to its geographical position, evinces bad
'faith upon the part of the non-slaveholding States.
It is not only a palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion, but also of the Missouri compromise. That
compromise, as I have already said, was forced
upon us by the North. For the sake of peace we
j have been willing to acquiesce in it. But the very
' portion of the country which forced it upon us,
! now insist upon disregarding it against our rcmon-
: stranc.e.
: But gentlemen pretend that the Missouri com-
| promise does not extend to territory thereafter to
| be acquired. I admit, in terms, it does not. But
j was it not equitable, was it not fair, as far as the
' non-slaveholdmg States are concerned ? It clearly
| was not so as far as the South was concerned;..
J there was no reciprocity in it. But this is imma-
terial now. It is not the South that is seeking to
j discard it. Was it not fair as far as the North is
concerned ? The conclusive fact which I have
• already mentioned, obviates the necessity of any
t argument. It was the proposition of the North itself
■ carried by northern votes, against southern votes and
[ southern protests. In favor of the Missouri com-
: promise every Senator from the noii-slaveholding
; States, exccpt two, voted; and in the House of
; Representatives every member from the same
! States, except five, also voted for it. The North,
; at least, is estopped from complaining of its in-
; equality. If it was fair and equal as far as the
j territory we then possessed was concerned, why
j will it not be so as far as the territory to be acquired
i hereafter is concerned ? How is it, that in refer-
1 ence to territory hereafter to be acquired, equal-
| ity Ls not equity > Upon what principle is it, that
'• territory, won by the common blood and the com-
i mon tieasure of every portion of the Union, is to .
be appropriated exclusively to aggrandize and aug-
ment the power of one? Sir, this Union rests upon
the basis of the most perfect equality among all its
members; and whenever the Government of it is
i administered for the exclusive advantage of any
portion of it, its days will be numbered.
In the case of Texas, the Missouri compromise
; line was recognised as extending to territory to
I which it did not m terms apply. But gentlemen
j say the South voted against applying it to Texas.
i It is true we did, because, for the reasons I have
given, we did not think Congress had the power
to do it. But it was proposed by a gentleman from
a non-slaveholding State, and it was carried by the
Representatives of the non-slaveholding States.
We could not vote for it, but we acquiesced. Not-
withstanding all this, in less than two years gen-
tlemen who voted to extend the Missouri compro-
mise to Texas, come forward and insist that the
Missouri compromise has no application to terri-
tory which we did not possess at the time of its
adoption. They are estopped by their own votes
from taking this ground.
I have thus shown the iniquity and unconsti-
tutionality of this whole proceeding. But the
worst of it is, according fo gentlemen's own show-
in?, it is a purely gratuitous outrage upon us. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. King,] and
nearly every other one who has spoken upon that
side of the question, admits, that as soon as these
territories are erected into States, they may intro-
duce slavery if they choose. Grant this, (and it
is too plain apioposltion to admit of doubt or
discussion,) and where the use of prohibiting sla-
| very in a territory ? If yov\ && not prohibit it, it
i will never exist m regions unsuited to the black
