349'
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 11,
29th Cono.....2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Bayly.
Ho. of Reps.
man; if you do, while the territories are under
your pupilage, it wilt be introduced as soon as
they are left to act for themselves wherever slave
labor can be used to advantage. Suppose negro
slavery existed at this moment in Maine: does
any one doubt that it would soon be extirpated by
the laws of nature, which are much stronger than
the laws of man? Sir, as the statistics show, the
negro cannot live and multiply there. Suppose,
on the other hand, the white inhabitants of Jamaica
Were left free to act for themselves, and there was
not a negro in the island, does any one doubt that
they would introduce slavery? Why, sir, even
the British Government itself, after having abolish-
ed slavery there, at a great cost, but a short time
since, to avert the ruin it has brought upon the
planters, are trying to reestablish it under flimsy
disguises. Suppose there was not a slave in Mis-
sissippi: does any one doubt that slavery would
be introduced at once ? If any such an one can
be found, I point him to Texas. Slavery had been
abolished there; but she no sooner became inde-
pendent, than she reestablished it. "With these
admissions andihese facts staring us in the face,
why is this movement made ? Sir, there are three
classes of persons concerned in it:
First: The mere politician, who is actuated by
the hope that, by pandering to the prejudices of
a portion of the people of the non-slaveholding
States, he can reap an immediate party advantage.
Second: Those who Jook a little further ahead,
and seek to retard, if they cannot prevent, the ad-
mission of new slave States, and to stimulate the
formation of new non-slaveholding States, with the
view of throwing the control of the government
entirely into their hands.
Third: The Abolition fanatic.
The first of these have ffcen the power which the
Abolitionists wield in the elections; and to concili-
ate their support for mere party advantage, they
are willing to trample upon the Constitution and
disturb our peace.
The second avow that their object is political
power. Their calculation is, that if they prohibit
slavery in all the territories, the growth of such as
are fitted to slave labor will be retarded, and that
of such as are not fitted to slave labor would he
proportionally stimulated. The result of which
would be, non-slaveholding States would come
into the Union so much faster than slave States,
that in a short time the Government would he in
the undisputed possession of the non-slaveholding
States. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ratiibun] had the candor to declctre that sympa-
thy for the negro had nothing to do with his con-
duct; and that if we would consent so to amend
the Constitution as to abohsh slave representation,
he would not care how many slave territories we
might erect, or how much slavery was extended.
His object was, as he avowed, to throw tlie power
of the Government into the hands of the non-slave-
holding States. And why did he desire to do this ?
Because he thought it would be m hands that
would guide our destiny more successfully? Oh !
no. But that the North might dispense and enjoy
the offices and the patronage of the Government!
The third class is the Abolition fanatics, who
are bent upon the abolition of slavery at every
hazard and by any mean<*, even by deluging the
South with blood. But, as these people deny the
right of Congress to emancipate the slaves in the
States, it may be asked, what have they to gain
by the agitation of this subject of slavery here?
Their own report answers ttiis question. I quote
from the annual report of the New York Abo-
lition Society for 1838. Similar sentiments per-
vade all their publications. The report goes on
to argue, that the value of the slave to his master
is the great obstacle to abolition. Destroy their
value, they say, and you dispose the South to
abolition. They propose many modes of dimin-
ishing the value of slaves. But I dismiss minor
points, and come at once to the mam one. The
discussion of the subject of abolition at the North,
and hi Congress, they say, will decrease the value
of slaves, by
" The interest which they themselves will take m the dis-
cussion. In spite of all precautious, the slaves will become
acquainted with what so deeply mtprpsts tli^m ; and far
as they do, self-respect will be regenerated—an excellent and
profitable sentiment for a free laborer, but ruinous to the
Spffve. It was the testimony of the planters of Jamaica be-
fore the JJulish Parliament, that their slaves became ac-
quainted with all that passed in respeet to them m the
mother country, and were thereby too much excited to nil
the places of slaves with slavish obedience."
The knowledge of the slave, that a portion of
the whites are exerting themselves for his eman-
cipation, upon the ground that he is illegally held
in bondage, will make him, they say, impatient in
his servitude. It will make him sullen and moody.
It will incite him to indulge dreams of freedom m
another land which he can never enjoy m his own.
He will be reduced to a condition in which his
master cannot r6ly upon his labor. He will be
disposed to run away; and at a time when his
services can be least spared. The master will be
subjected to constant and heavy expense to recap-
ture him. He will thus become to his owner a
source of vexation rather than comfort, of trouble
and expense rather than profit. To establish these
facts, there is copied in the report the following
extract of a letter from a man at the South, to
whose sister a gentleman of New York had sent
two Abolition pamphlets:
"Do you remember the two booktJ you sent out to my
sister by me? My two black boys, William and Jim, who
lived better arid easier than I did, read them, and in conse-
quence ran off; and after eleven days riding, and two hun-
dred and sixty-seven dollars cost, I got them, and now their
place is wretched by their own condact, as X sold them at a
loss of nine hundred dollars to a trader."
The report then goes on to urge, that to increase
the desire and disposition of the slave to run away
to the greatest possible pitch, it is necessary that
the northern States should adopt such a course of
policy as to render his recapture impossible after
lie has escaped there. The effect which such a
course of policy would produce, in decreasing the
value of slaves, is then minutely exemplified. The
report then urges upon the northern States to pass
laws, providing such a mode of trial in the case of
fugitives from labor as will enable them to, raise
the question of the legality of the bondage in which
he is held.
These are the objects which the Abolitionists
have in view in their ordinary movements here;
but this proviso is advocated by them in the hope
that they may be able to form a cordon of free
States entirely around us; in which, in the language
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] the
fires of liberty are to be lit up, and, by them, the
South consumed.
These are the objects of the prime movers m this
matter; and now I put it to the country, are they
pioper—are they humane—are they philanthropic
—are they patriotic?
I know the first and last of these classes pretend
to be governed by motives of humanity and phi-
lanthropy. I desire to expose the hollowness of
this pretence. Now, the first test I have to apply
is this—it is a test which every man in the country
can apply for himself, and I will abide by it: Can
you, sir, or any man m this House, or eisewhere,
point to a single individual, prominent in these
proceedings, and who has common understanding,
whose conduct on other occasions is remarkable
for humanity and philanthropy? I ask for but
one—cannot one be named? No, sir; it is im-
possible. No man who has the heart of the phi-
lanthropist, and the intelligence to understand the
consequences of his conduct, could engage in them.
If he have intelligence, he must want humanity.
For no one who has ordinary intelligence can be-
lieve that the happiness of either the black man or
the white will be promoted by these movements.
In the first place, if these movements in bringing
about the abolition of slavery to the South are suc-
cessful, how is it to be effected? No one of the
least understanding can believe that voluntary abo-
lition will take place in the South for ages to come,
if it ever does. Sir, it is impossible. In such an
event, what would be the condition of the white
man ? Could he live amid a population more than
half of whom would be free negroes? I will let
northern gentlemen themselves answer this ques-
tion. Last summer, we know that the people of
h Ohio resisted, even to the extreme of mob law, the
! | Settlement of a hundred or two of Mr. Randolph's
| emancipated slaves upon lands which his executor,
j; in pursuance of his will, had purchased for them,
i Well, sir, this is justified upon the ground that
; they are moral lepers, who would contaminate
. society. Now, sir, Ohio has in the neighborhood
| of two millions of white inhabitants, and Mr. Ran-
J dolph's negroes would not have been as one to
twenty thousand of the white population. If Ohio
could not tolerate the presence of such a small per*
centage of free blacks as this of her white pop-
ulation, how would it be in the South, where, if
abolition is successful, and even the whites should
remain, one-half would be free blacks? Again:
Another gentleman from Ohio [Mr. ThuRman]
has told us that the people in that State were more
opposed to the abolition of slavery in Kentucky
than the people of Kentucky itself, because, in the
event of it, the free blacks from that State could
not be kept out of Ohio. And even the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Rathbun,] who is so active
on this occasion, in referring to the proposition of
the Governor of Virginia, to send all the free ne-
groes out of our State, said that the northern States
•would resist their being landed among them. With
these feelings on the part of northern men, when
they object to such a small infusion of free negroes
into their population, how is it possible they can
believe that we will ever consent to the abolition of
slavery, by which more than half of our population
would be free negroes, if they are to remain among
us? And the idea of removing three millions of
negroes is preposterous. Sir no one believes that
voluntary abolition can take place for ages, if ever.
If voluntary emancipation is out of the question,
what will be the result of emancipation effected by
force? In the first place the thing is impossible.
Any organized and extensive attempt at it, by ser-
vile insurrection, (and that is the only iftode which
holds out the slightest chance of effecting it,) would
insure the extermination of the black race. But
suppose I am mistaken in this: the only other
alternative left would be the extermination of the
whites, which never can take place until the South
is deluged in blood, and is made one vast scene
of desolation. The strife would be one between
races; and it would never end until the one or the
other was completely subdued or exterminated.
The Abolitionists must and do know this. They,
the professed friends of the negro, must look to
the subjugation or extermination of the white men,
of course, and not of the negro. Now, I throw
out of view the scenes of horror through which we
must pass before this is effected. But suppose,
what I have shown is impossible, the object efiected
without any of the horrible consequences at which
I have hinted, would the negro in that case be
benefited ? Look to St. Domingo. It was almost
It was one of the most beautiful and
prosperous portions of the eaith. By the means
of a servile insurrection, instigated, and aided by
British fanatics, the terrors of which no pen can
describe, and no heart contemplate without horror
—anffd which there was an indiscriminate mas-
I sacre of the whites, without regard to age, sex, or
| condition—slavery was abolished. And what has
i been the consequence? Ever since it has been
i torn to pieces by intestine broils and confusion,
and now it is in desolation ! the inhabitants having
relapsed almost into barbarism ! Look to Jamaica:
there, under the protection of the British Govern-
ment, the slaves, after a probation of ten years,
were emancipated. Emancipation never can again
be effected under such favorable auspices. In the
first place, the master was compensated in money
for his slave, and consequently suffered less from
a spnse of wrong. In the next, a probationary
term of ten years was gone through with. Well,
what has been the result? I read last summer,
with great care and interest, the debate in the Brit-
ish House of Commons on the reduction of the
sugar duties; and, as from the beginning I pre-
dicted, it was admitted on all sides that the aboli-
tion of slavery in the West Indies had been a total
failure. The production of the island had greatly
fallen off; and it was admitted that, while the plant-
er had been ruined, the condition of the negro was
anything but ameliorated.
Sir, I was not surprised at this. I read at the
time the debates in the House of Commons in favor
of the abolition of slavery. It was contended
there, as it is here, that free labor was more effect-
ive than slave: and it was argued that not only the
happiness of the negro, but the prosperity of the
islands, would be greatly promoted. I knew and'
predicted, as every one at all acquainted with the
negro character did, that all these calculations
would utteily fail. I reviewed that debate at the
time, and I so predicted. I am not wise after the
fact. As a general rule, free negroes will not fol-
