1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Pilot Laws—Mr. Disc,
Senate.
low any steady employment. With them, idleness
and liberty are synonymous. He only values
freedom that he may not be forced to work. He
does not understand or value liberty, coupled with
the condition of laboring. If he has to follow
steady labor he would not give you a fig for his
freedom. The productiveness of the island has
not only fallen off, but in spite of all the exertions
of the British Government, the negroes are fast
becoming idle savages.
But suppose you are unsuccessful, as you will
be, in your general abolition movements, do you
suppose that you will make the negro happier by
constantly exciting him to discontent? You may
harass the master, but will you benefit the slave?
There is one notorious fact which it seems to me
ought to strike every fair mind at the North. It
is this: The repugnance to negro slavery is in pro-
portion to the ignorance of the institution. Those
who know least of it have the greatest horror of it.
What northern man, after he removes to the South,
retains his repugnance to negro slavery? Do they
not invariably become slave owners? and, what is
the worst of it, they are always the hardest task-
masters.
In reference, however, to the idea which finds so
much favor in this debate, of confining slavery
within circumscribed limits, let me ask, do you
thereby benefit either the master or sldve? Do you
not injure both, particularly the latter? Does not
every one know that the sparser the slave popula-
tion the better they are clothed and fed ? The ne-
groes of masters who have few of them fare infinitely
better than ot those who have a large number. In
the first case, they almost form a part of the same
family, and they fare as it does. The negroes in
communities wheie the masters arc small slave-
holders fore better than in those where they are
large. In the language of Mr. Jefferson, {< their
diffusion over a greater surface would make them
individually happier." This is unquestionably true.
But hem them up within prescribed and narrow lim-
its, and what will be the progress of events? The
negroes in theSouth, where the climate suits them,
' and where they are well treated, multiply with great
rapidity. If there is no outlet for them, in a short
time it will be difficult to employ them profitably
in apiculture. The first effect when labor becomes
lcsswprfffitable is to lessen its comforts. The next
is to find for it new employment. As soon as the
supply of slave labor cxceeds the demands of agri-
culture they are put in the trades. Blacksmiths,
shoemakers, joiners, bricklayers, &c., are made ot
them. They are thus brought into competition
with the white mechanics of the country, and they
exclude the whites from employment. Emigration
is the only recourse left them. The next step will
be to employ slave labor in the factories, where
again they will exclude the indigent whites. In
many respects manufactories hold out stronger in-
ducements for the employment of slave labor than
any other pursuit. In the first place, generally
less skill is required. The operative in the factory
is little more than an animated part of the ma-
chinery. Slaves are fully equal to it. One of the
great drawbacks on the employment of slaves in
agriculture is the fact that they are scattered about
in their employment, and the expense of super-
vision is proportionally great. In factories they
are huddled together, and are always under the
eye of the superintendent. Indeed, the employ-
ment of slaves in factories would not make more
supervision necessary than the employment of
whites. This is no speculation. In Virginia they
are exclusively employed in the extensive tobacco
factories, where they are more efficient than whites.
And, indeed, they have been employed with suc-
cess in cotton factories. The only obstacle to their
being thus employed is the high price of them;
but let that be reduced by the supply exceeding
the demand for agriculture, and the indigent whites
will be excluded from most of the handicraft and
mechanical employments. It will be the indigent
white men who will be injured more than the large
slaveholder.
For the reasons I have given, it is as much on
account of the slave himself and of the indigent
white man, as of the slaveholder, that I desire spacc
to disperse them over. But the Abolitionist, shut-
ting his eyes to all these facts, would madly try to
hem in the slave m the narrowest boundaries, and,
ill the name of humanity and philanthropy, would
insist upon a policy equally injurious to the white
man and the black.
If, sir, humanity and philanthropy have nothing
to do with these proceedings, an enlightened love of
liberty has still less. Do you, I ask the agitators
on this occasion, by abolishing slavery, design to
make freemen of the blacks? Why, you do not
do that in the non-slaveholding States. What
Erivilege prized by the freeman do you extend to
im ? Do you extend to him the right of suffrage,
the dearest privilege of a freeman* because it in-
cludes all others, and secures all others? lathe
late vote in New York, upon that very question, it
was decided, against extending to the black man
that inestimable right by a majority, I am told, of
upwards of one hundred thousand. Do you permit
the black man to sit on juries, to enter the learned
professions, to associate with you upon an equal
footing, or, indeed, to worship by your sides in the
house of God? It is notorious you permit none
of these things. Is he less, then, a freeman, in its
true meaning, in the South than the North ? Is he
a less degraded class there than here? It is true he
is not there the slave of a single master, who is
prompted by feeling and interest to protect him,
but he is the slave of the community, which has
no such interest.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Brinkf.rhoff,]
with a high-wrought eulogy upon Mr. JeiFerson's
statesmanship and democracy—a eulogy no higher
than just—referred to his opinions upon slavery as
authority to sustain the proceedings before the com-
mittee. I admit that Mr. Jefferson had a great
repugnance to slavery in the abstract, as the un-
meaning expression is; but does he not know that
he despaired of a practical remedy, and that he died
owning more than a hundred slaves ? And does he
not know—what is more to the point—that no man
condemned, in more unmeasured terms than Mr.
Jefferson did, similar proceedings to those in justi-
fication of which his authority is invoked ? As the
gentlemanquotes Mr. Jefferson's authority, hemust
abide by it. I have his opinions upon the present
question before the House. I do not mean to refer
to any general expressions of his, and ingeniously
try to apply them to the proceeding before us; but
I quote upon the gentleman his opinions upon the
present question itself. As the gentleman professes
to have such a reverence for Mr. Jefferson's au-
thority, I hope he will defer to it, and cease his
agitation. Here Mr. B, sent the following letter
to the Clerk's table:
Letter to John Holmes.
Monticello, Aprils, 1820.
I thank you, dear sir, fur the copy you haw been so kind
as to t-eud me, of the letter to your constituents on the Mis-
souri question. It is a perfect justification to them. I had
for a Jong time ceased to read new-papers,or pay any atten-
tion to public affair-., confident they were in good hand« and
conient to be a passenger in our bark to the shoiefjom
which r am not distant. Bat tins momentous question,like
a tire Ik'II in the night, awakened and filled me with teiror. ,
I considered it at oncc the knell oj the Union. It is hu$hedf j
in-Jeed, for the moment, but this is a reprieve only, not a final j
sentence A gfosnaphical line, coinciding vviih a in.uked j
piinciple, moial and political, once conceived a.id held up |
lo the angry pa-sions of men, will never be obliterated ; and i
every n^vv iintation will ui;n k it deeper and decpsr. I can
say, with conscious truth, that thete is- not a man on earth
who would *aenilco more than I would to relieve us from
this heavy reproach in any piacticable way. The cession
of that kind ot property (forso it i^ misnamed) is a bagatelle :
which would not cost me a second thought, it, m that way, |
a yenoral emancipation and expatriation could be effected >
gradually; and with due sacrifices, I think it nn<rht be. But, j
a* II we have the wolf by the cars, and we can neither ]
hold him, nor safely let him go Justice i* in one scale, and j
^ell-pi eservation in the other. Oj one thing I am certain— |
that as the passage of slaves from on? State to another would \
not ma'cc a Uave of a nu-le human hems; who would not be so
without it, so their dijfuwonover a greater surface ;could male •
them whvulualhi happier, and proportionally facilitate the .
arromi)li&hTn'>nt oj their emancipation, by divuhng the burden j
on a greater number of coadjutors. An abstinence, too, fiom
this act of power, would remove the jealou-y evcited by the ;
undertaking of Congress to regulate the condition of the di!- j
teienf descriptions of men composing a State. This, certain- !
Iv is the exclusive rmhtofevorj State, winch notlmisin the
Constitution haj taken from them and given to the General !
Government. Could Congress*, for example, say that the j
nori-freemen of Connecticut should be freemen, or that they
.shall not emigrate into anv other State ?
I re'ret that I am now to die tn the belief that the useless
saciifice of themselves, by the veanationof 1776 to acquire s elf-
government and happiness to their country, h to he throvn
await Ini the unvjhe and unwoithy pardons of their sons, una
that my only consolation i* to be, tliat I live not to w< ep
over it If they would but dhpaf^iomtely weigh the bles^-
m<rg thev Will throw away a<ram-tan abstract pimciple more
likely to be effected bv union than by secession, they would
nause before thev perpetrated this act ot suicide on them-
selve^ and of treason against the hopes ot the world. To
yourself, as the faithful advocate of the Union, I tender the
offering of my high esteem and respect.
TH: JEFFERSON.
Mr. Chairman,' I commend to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Briktkerhoff] this letter, written
by Mr. Jefferson, whose earthly aspirations were
all at an end, and when, after a long life, spent
in the service of his country, from his philosophi-
cal retirement he could speak to his countrymen
as a philosopher and a sage.
Mr. Jefferson was light when he said, that the
fell spirit of Abolitionism had only been hushed for
a moment, and that the Missouri compromise was
"a reprieve," and u not a final sentence." No,
sir; from that day to this, its progress has been
rapid. The concessions which the South (hen
made, have but invited n^w aggressions. The
demands of the Abolitionists have constantly been
more and more exacting, until now, they insist
upon an unconditional surrender of all our rights.
And this is done in a tone as offensive, as the de-
mand is unjust.
As a faithful sentinel on the watchtower, I warn
my countrymen of the danger which is so rapidly
approaching. I warn them to suspect—more than
suspect, that man, who would try to lull them into
a false security. I see the danger in all its hideous-
ness, and I will not betray a confiding constituency,
by crying out41 all is well," when I know all is not
well. Sir, the boldness and the strength of the
Abolitionists have increased with wondeiful rapid-
ity; and I am amazed to see how quiet southern
men are. I have had to school myself for this dis-
cussion. For more than ten years I have had my
eye upon this monster. I have marked his move-
ments well. I have seen the insidious character of
them. I have tried to hold them up to my State in
ail of their atrocity. But I grieve to say they have
not awakened the spirit which they should. The
increase of the strength of the Abolitionists has
been so gradual, that the country has not been
sufficiently alive to it. I will not detain the com-
mittee with any long details on this point. I beg
such of my constituents ns have it, to read the
speech I made in the Legislature of Virginia in
1841, on the New York inspection law, and see
how my predictions have been fulfilled. I cannot,
however, foibcar to remind the committee of the
rapidity with which the votes at each successive
session of Congress against the rule providing for
laymg abolition petitions on the table have in-
creased. The vote against the Pinckriey resolu-
tions, in 1836, ranged from forty to forty-five;
against Patton's, at the succeeding Congress, it
was sixty; against Johnson's, in 1840, it was
seventy. At the last Congress the vote was near
a tie; at this, the rule was repealed by an over-
whelming majority. We were told that the 21st
rule created all the abolition excitement; and that
if it was repealed, there would be an end of it. I
knew and predicted it would be otherwise. I pre-
dicted that as soon as that pietext for agitation was
removed, they would find some other. And stronger
proof of their determination to keep up their war
upon us could not be produced, than the offering
of the Wilmot proviso. ITere is an uncalled for
attempt to legislate for a country which is not, and
never may be, ours, and in reference to which we
would have no right to legislate, if it was. Why
is this? Does not every one know that it is done
for the purpose of abolition excitement>
I warn southern men that we have arrived at a
point at which we must take a firm stand, if we
ever mean to do it. We have arrived at a point
when further concessions to the Abolitionists would
be alike dishonorable and fatal. I repeat, if we
ever mean to act with firmness, let us do it now.
THE PILOT LAWS.
SPEECH OF MR. JOHN A. DIX,
OF NEW YORK,
Lv this Senate, February 9, 1847,
111 favor of the reppal of the act of Congress of 2d
March, 1837, regulating Pilots.
Mr. President: The bill under consideration
provi Jeigjir the repeal of the act of Congress of
the 2d jUarch, 1837, entitled "An act concerning
Pilots." Before I show what the act thus pro-
posed to be repealed is, it may bo proper to stat$
