1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§53
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Meaoican War—Mr. Stephens.
New Series No. S3.
upon the system of operations to be adopted, T will
take occasion to say, that I hope never to see the
fame and character of this country tarnished by
such a policy as that.
But the resolutions I allude to involved none of
these questions. They looked simply to a clear
and specific declaration of the objects aimed at,
with a disavowal of the intention of permanent
conquests.
Am I asked what good can result from such an
expression by Congress? I answer, much. In
the first place, it is due to Mexico to let her know
distinctly what we want. At this time there is
nothing that so excites, unites, and animates her
people as the instincts of national existence. They
look upon the war, not as one resulting from a dis-
pute about an unsettled boundary, but a war of re-
ligion and races. The motto with them is, " Ser,
6 no ser;" u To be, or not to be," is their watch-
word. They are fighting for the integrity of their
country; their homes, their firesides, and their
altars. Let them know that you aim at no such
objects; that peace is what you want—an honorable
peace, and nothing more; and you will do more to
effect it, than you will do by storming a hundred
fortified towns, or capturing as many armies.
But in the second.place it is due to ourselves.
For although the President has said more than
once that he is desirous of obtaining " an honor-
able peace," and that " the war is not waged with
a view to conquest," yet I suppose that no friend
of his on this floor will even venture to presume
that anybody at all conversant with the unparalleled
duplicity by which his whole Administration has
been eminently distinguished, would be willing to
do him so great injustice as to say that he believes
him. Actions are often more to be relied on than
words. And every act of his in relation to our
affairs with Mexico, even before the commence-
ment of hostilities as well as since, displays his
policy too clearly to be mistaken. What other
construction can be put upon his order to our naval
officers in the Pacific in the summer of 1845, long
before the rupture occurred, which he seems then
to have been devising. What other language does
the order to Colonel Stevenson speak ? Here it is;
let all men judge for themselves:
War Department, June 26,1846.
Sir: The President having determined to senda regiment
of volunteers around Cape Ilorn to the Pacific, to be em-
ployed in prosecuting hostilities to some piovirice of Mex-
ico, probably in (Jpper California, has authouzed me to say,
that if you will organize one on the conditions! hereinafter
specified, and tender its services, it would be accepted. It
is proper it should be done with the consent of the Governor
of New York. The President expects, and indeed requires,
that ureat care should be taken to have it composed ot* suit-
able persons—I mean of wood habits—as far as practicable of
various pursuits, and suck cm vx>>dd be likely to remain, at the
end of the war, either in Oregon, or in any other territon/ in
that region of the globe which may then be a part of the United
States. The act of the thirteenth May authorizes the?
acceptance of volunteers for twelve months, or duimg the
war with Mexico. The condition of the acceptance, in thK
case, must be a tender of service dming the war; and it
must be explicitly understood, that they may be discharged,
without a claim for returning home, wherevei they may be
sewing at the termination of the war, provided it is m the
then territory of the United States, or may be taken to the
nearest or most convenient territory belonging to the United
States, and there discharged.
The men must be apprised that their term of spi vice is for
the war; that they are to be discharged as above specified;
and that theyare to be employed on "adistant service. It is,
however, very desirable that it should not be 'publicly knomi or
proclaimed that they are to go to any particular place. On this
point jjreat caution is enjoined.
The communication to the officers and men mu«t go so
fai as to remove all just ground® of complaint that they have
been deceived in the nature and the place of the service.
It is expected that the regiment will be m readiness to
embark as early as the first of August next, if practicable.
Sreps will be immediately taken to provide for transpoit-
ation.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY, Secretary of War.
Colonel j. D. Stevenson. New York city.
Does not this show some "view" to conquest—
some idea of having some territory in some distant
region of the globe, which was not ours at the be-
ginning of the war? What other meanings have
the provincial governments established in Califor-
nia and New Mexico ? Hear the proclamation of
Commodore Stockton, made, if not in obedience
to orders, at least without objection or rebuke:
" I, Robert F. Stockton, commander-in-chief of the United |
States forces m the Pacitic Ocean, and governor of the Tcr- j
ritoryof California, ar\d commander-m-chief of the armv of j
the same, do hereby make knoun to all men, that having by j
right of conquest taken possession of that territory known I
by the name of Upper and Lower California, I do now de-
clare it to be'A Territory of the United States, under the name
of the Territory of California."
*Again; hear the proclamation of General Kearny:
"The United States hereby absolves all persons residing
within the boundaiies of New Mexico from any further al'e-
giance to the Republic of Mexico, and hereby claims them
as citizens of the United States. Those who remain quiet
and peaceable, will be eon&idered good citizens and receive
protection; those who are found in arms, or instigating
others against the United States, will be considered as trai-
tors, and treated accordingly."
Does not this look like conquest in its fullest
accomplishment—the subjugation of the people,
and the change of their allegiance? To what else
could the President have referred in his last annual
message, when he congratulated the country upon
" the vast extent of our territorial limits ?"
Why, Mr. Chairman, the evidence is over-
whelming. What other object has the bill upon
your table, and what is all this debate about the
" Wihiot proviso," but a quarrel in advance about
the partition of territory, and the division of spoils
intended to be wrested from Mexico. Sir, do gen-
tlemen, or the President, suppose, that after the
success of the trick of the "Kane letterthat the
people of this country are such absolute dupes as
to be imposed upon by such jugglery as this? But
if such be not the design of the"President and his
party in this House, why did they not so declare
by their votes ? Why were those resolutions so
summarily rejected, that sought nothing but a clear
expression of the legislative will upon this subject ?
All these things afford " confirmation strong as
proofs of Holy Writ," that the President, his de-
nial to the contrary notwithstanding, is looking to
the dismemberment of Mexico, and the subjuga-
tion of a portion of her territory.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I undertake to say that,
however this war was commenced, whether by an
invasion on the part of Mexico, or by the Presi
dent in assuming to establish a line of boundary
by arms, when he knew full well that that was a
matter unsettled between the two Governments, its
continuance can be justified upon but two grounds
only; and if gentlemen know of any others, I should
like to hear them openly declared. These two
grounds relate to the settlement of the question of
boundary, which is the only ostensible cause of
the war, and the payment or recognition on the
part of Mexico of her debt, acknowledged by way
of indemnity for the claims of our citizens. The
first is the main one; the otfier secondary, and re-
sulting, as I have said, as a necessary incident
attending a state of war.
And when gentlemen speak of an honorable
peace, (and there are none I believe who do not
so declare themselves,) I wish to know what they
mean by those terms? What, in their opinion,
will constitute "an honorable peace ?" f, too, pro-
fess to be in favor of "an honorable peace;" and
by an honorable peace I mean the honorable settle-
ment of the matters in dispute; and so long as this
object is had in view, I am ready and willing to
give all assistance and means necessary for its ac-
complishment; not only by voting men and money,
so long as any is loft in the treasury, but even tax-
ation upon the people, if it should come to that.
But, beyond this, the attainment of a peace upon
the terms I have mentioned, I shall never go. And ;
if gentlemen upon this floor, or the President, have ■
any other purpose covered under the terms of "an ;
honorable peace," what is it? Do they suppose j
that the people of this country hold in such slight
remembrance the principles upon which their Gov-
ernment is founded, as to be prepared to sustain a ;
war waged for an object no higher or nobler than ;
that which springs from an unholy lust of domin- !
ion and the spread of empire? Do they suppose :
that this country, which has not yet arrived to the
full vigor of manhood, has so soon forgotten the
lessons of its early instruction, as to be ready to ;
enter upon that wild career of military prowess 1
which has been the bane of so many nations which
have gone before us, and has been the destruction
of all former republics? If this be the calculation
of those who mean by "an honorable peace*'
nothing short of exacting from Mexico some of
her departments or states, be it so; but I beg to
protest against it, not only for myself, but for the
country also. Mr. Chairman, I do not think I am
mistaken in the character or spirit of the Ameri-
can people. I know that for courage and bravery
they am unsurpassed, if not unequalled, by any
people in the world. I am also fully persuaded
that they too highly appreciate the rights and
privileges they enjoy, ever to permit them to be
assailed by any enemy, however strong; that they
hold in too high estimation the rich inheritance be-
queathed to them, ever to allow it to be wrested from
them by any force, however powerful; that they
also too tenderly and sensitively cherish that high
sense of honor which characterized their fathers,
ever to permit a public injury to go unredressed,
or a national insult to pass unatoned. But I am
far from believing they are prepared to set them-
selves up as the reformers of the world, either in
government or religion. As they value their own
institutions, and would risk everything—life, for-
tune, and all—in th^ir defence, so they respect
those of others, and have no disposition to inter-
fere with them. Sir, I am no enemy to the enlarge-
ment of our boundaries, when it can be properly
done. But free institutions never did and never
will enlarge the circuit of their extent by force of
arms. The history of the world abounds with
many melancholy examples in illustration of the
truth of this position. No principle is more dan-
gerous to us, than that of compelling other nations
to adopt our form of government. It is not only
wrong in itself, but it is contrary to the whole spirit
and genius of the liberty we enjoy; and, if persist-
ed in, must inevitably result in our downfall and
.ruin. No instance is to be found upon record of
any republic having ever entered upon such a
hazardous^crusade, which did not end in the sub-
version of its own liberties and the ultimate en-
slavement of its own people. And before embark-
ing upon so dangerous an enterprise, I trust we
shall have some security and guarantee that we
shall at least escape the fate of those whose exam-
ples we follow. Sir, I very much fear that the peo-
ple of this country are not sufficiently awake and
alive to the mischievous and ruinous schemes of
those to whom they have for a time confided the
management of public affairs. Mr. Madison long
since uttered the prophetic warning, that " if a free
' people be a tvise people also, they will mrver forget
1 that the danger of surprise can never be so great as
i when the advocates of the prerogative of war can
i sheath it in a symbol of peace." And never in our
history did the times so strongly require a practi-
cal consideration of this solemn admonition.
But some gentlemen, who will not directly avow
the principle of conquest as the object of the war,
yet take the position that territory must be acquired
as its result, by way of indemnity for what Mexico
owes us, and the expenses of the war—that she is
unable to pay in money, and territory must be
taken. Now, sir, I am equally opposed to this;
for how could any of the Mexican territory, so ac-
quired, by possibility be considered an indemnity ?
An indemnity is something to save from loss—
something of pecuniary value; but how could these
departments of Mexico—California and New Mex-
ico, if you please—converted into Ameiican terri-
tories or provinces, be of any such value to us?
Will you make a Sicily of one, and place it under
the prcetorship of a Verres, to exact tribute from
the inhabitants, and in this way secure indemnity;
and make a Bombay of the other, and place it un-
der the rule of a Hastings, who, by grinding op-
pression, shall cause annual streams of treasure to
flow into your coffers? How else can this acquisi-
tion in any way ever be of any value or source of
profit i So far from being an indemnity, who does
not know that they would necessarily be the cause
of largely-increased expenditures; forts and fortifi-
cations would have to beerected, all requiring heavy
appropriations of money, besides continual expen-
ditures necessary to keep up territorial govern-
ments. And whence would come anything in the
nature of reimbursement to meet these heavy out-
lays, to say nothing of the enormous cost of their
acquisition? Would it come from the sale of ptjb-
lic lands > These are already held in fee by legal
proprietors, as is generally known. How, then,
can this be called an indemnity, either for the debt
that Mexico owes us, or the expenses of the war?
The bonds of Mexico, if ne'ver paid, would be a
much better indemnity; for they would at least be
free from continual expense. Su , by this acquisi-
tion we would get nothing but the empty right of
jurisdiction and government over an unwilling peo-
ple, unused to the restraints of law, which will be
the source of incalculable troubles and difficulties,
