1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Milton Brown.
Ho, op Reps.
tlements, where the Texan authority had never
gone, is demonstrable from the public documents.
The letters of Mr. Marcy, Mr. Donelson, General
Taylor, and even the Presidents message itself, all
contain conclusive evidence of the fact. I might
cite from all, but a few proofs from those of Gen-
eral Taylor, and from the message, will be enough.
By his letter, dated at Point Isabel, he says, that
he had been met on his way there by a formal
protest from the civil authorities of Tamaulipas,
against his occupation of the country. That, as
they approached Point Isabel, the inhabitants set the
houses on jire and fled.
Were these citizens of Texas—citizens of the
United States—who were burning their houses and
Seeing before the American army?
But even the message of the President discloses
the fact that he ordered the army into Mexican
settlements, and among Mexican citizens; and he
gravely informs us that he had directed, however,
that the persons and property of Mexican citizens
should be respected/ He says, " the movement of
* the troops to the Dei Norte was made by the eom-
* manding general, under.positive instructions to
* abstain from all aggressive acts towards Mexico
* or Mexican citizens, and to regard the relations
'between that republic and the United States as
4 peaceful, unless she should declare war, or com-
1 mit acts of hostility indicative of war. He was
4 specially directed to protect private property, and
i respect personal rights."
Now, sir, if our army was on our oivn soil, was
it necessary to order that it should abstain from
aggressive acts towards Mexico and Mexican citi-
zensand that the persons and property of "Mex-
/ ican citizens" should be respected? Why such
an order would be ridiculous.
• But, to return to General Taylor. In writing
from his camp, opposite Matamoros, he says, " the
attitude of the Mexicans is so far decidedly hos-
tile." And he urgently calls the attention of the
War Department to " the necessity of speedily
sending recruits" to the army. In his letter from
the same place, a few days afterwards, he de-
scribes his position, and says he has his cannon in i
a position to 44 bear directly upon the public square j
of Matamoros, and within good range for demol- !
ishing the town." !
This, Mr. Chairman, I suppose is what was I
meant by-" making hostile demonstrations," in
order to alarm the Mexicans into a treaty with us.
In the same letter, General Taylor says: "You
4 will perceive that the Mexican authorities persist
' in considering our march as an act of war in itself;
' and I believe they would so treat it, and attempt
' to drive us from our position, if they felt sufficient
'confidence in their strength."
The next thing was an interview between Gen-
eral Vega and General Worth. General Vega in-
formed General Worth, that the march of our j
army " through a part of Mexican territory (Tam- !
aulipas) was considered as an actof war,93 General t
Vega then inquired: " Is it the intention of General |
Taylor to remain with his army on the left bank j
of the Rio Grande?" General Worth replied, j
" Most assuredly; and there to remain until di- 1
rected otherwise by his Government." General 1
Vega remarked, that " we [the Mexicans] felt in- ;
dignation at seeing the American flag placed on ,
the Rio Grande, a portion of the Mexican terri- ;
tory." General Ampudia then, by letter, called j
on General Taylor to retire from the Rio Grande,
and informs him, that remaining there will be
deemed an act of war, and treated as such. General
Taylor, on receiving this, issued an order " block-
ing up the Rio Grande, and stopping all supj)lies to
MatamorosA conflict ensued, and, since then,
we have been at war.
And now, sir, I have traced the causes of this
war, and reviewed the facts connected with its im-
mediate origin. I have shown that, though Mexi-
co might brag and bluster, she had no serious
thought of making war on us, or invading our ter-
ritory. She was distracted by civil wars at home,
without ability or inclination to wage a foreign
war, and fearing, instead of seeking, a conflict with
the United States. I have said that Mr. Polk had
adopted the only certain method by which he could
have driven her into war—the marching our army
into her settlements, pointing our cannon into her
towns, and alarming the inhabitants^into union
among themselves, and uniting them against a com-
mon enemy, in defence, as they supposed, of their
country, their homes, and their religion. The blood
of this war is on the President. I care not who
struck the first blow. He provoked it—unneces-
sarily provoked it—by an aggressive and wholly
unjustifiable act, alike unauthorized by the annex-
ation resolution, by the laws, and by the Consti-
tution of'the country.
Nor is it material, so far as the President's con-
duct is concerned, whether we had cause of war
against Mexico or not. It was not for'him to de-
cide; the'decision of that belonged to the war-
making power. Had he kept our army where he
had first ordered it—at Corpus Christi—and where
it could have given the most ample protection to
the most remote Texan settlements, I verily believe
we should this day have been at peace. But an
ambition to distinguish his reign, especially by the
acquisition of territory, has involved us in the ex-
penses and calamities of a war, the end of which
the wisest s>nd most sagacious cannot foietell or
foresee. Well and truly might it be said to this
country, "Wo to thee, O land, ivhen thy King is a
child!"
I have but a few more things to say about this
marching our army to the Rio Grande, and then I
will leave it to the verdict of the country. I have
already, but for a different purpose, referred to the
testimony of Mr. Benton, on the question of bound-
ary. He solemnly declared that, to ratify a treaty
including the very country of which Mr. Polk, by the
army, took military possession, " would be an act of
' direct aggression on Mexico, for all the conse-
1 quences of which the United States would stand
'responsible." And he laid down the following
distinct propositions in regard to if: 1. It would
" be of itself war;" 2. It would be "unjust war;"
3. "War unconstitutionally made;'"' and 4. "War
on a weak and groundless pretext."
This is what Mr. Benton, said of ratifying a
treaty including the territory into which the Presi-
dent has since marched the army. Mr. Benton
ought to be good authority with Mr. Polk, since
he has desired, and proposed, to confer on him an
office so high and responsible, and, if abused, so
dangerous, that, in the whole history of the coun-
try but one has been found who has been deemed
' worthy of it, and he was the great and good
' Washington. You know the office to which I
refer—the office of lieutenant general. Mr. Ben-
ton, therefore, ought to be a good witness; and,
accordingly, I have called up his testimony.
Now, sir, if it be true, as Mr. Benton has de-
clared, that the mere ratification of a treaty—a
mere act on paper—including the country in ques-
tion, is an act of war; what is it, I beg to ask, when
the President, by his army, takes military posses-
sion of it, requiring the affrighted inhabitants to
submit, under penalty of having their towns riddled
by cannon balls if they show signs of resistance?
Ah, sir, Mr. Polk's lieutenantgeneral convicts him
by evidence too clear and too positive to be evaded.
The proof is conclusive.
And in taking this step, in itself, according to
Mr. Benton, an act of war, the President did not
deign to consult the war-making power. Congress
was in session, but not an intimation of this move-
ment was given to them. He did not ask their
consent. If he had, in my judgment, he would not
; have obtained it; for, in passing the annexation
| resolutions, Congress had refused to set up any
exclusive claim to the territory in question; and it
j is not possible they would, after this, have ordered
not destroy, the Union. And so firm was my con-
viction of this, that I would vote for no proposition
which did not explicitly settle it. I have not
changed my opinion; subsequent events have but
confirmed it. If there was no other difficulty in the
way of this proposed annexation of Mexican ter-
ritory, I would oppose it in every form,.until this
exciting and dangerous question was compromised
and settled. It is far more important to preserve
the Union than to add to our territory.
But there are to my mind other unanswerable
difficulties in the way of bringing this territory iny
with its Mexican inhabitants. Waiving the ques-
tion whether these inhabitants are capable of self-
government, or can be made so, which is matter
of extreme doubt, still other insuperable objec-
tions, to my mind, are in the way. The doctrines
of our Declaration of Independence, and the spirit
and genius "of our institutions, recognise but one
foundation on which free government can rest, the
" content of the governed." To force a reluctant
people to submit to our institutions, as we must do
if we bring this Mexican population under our
Constitution, would be contrary to its principles.
Texas came in, but she was free, and came in hy
the consent of her people deliberately expressed.
But suppose Texas while free, from some cause,
had waged war against us, and our arms being
victorious, we proposed, in order to "indemnify
us for the expenses of the war," to annex a part
or all of her territory to the United States, not-
withstanding the people we proposed to bring in
should be unwilling to come under our Federal
Constitution, ought we under such circumstances
to have forced them in ? I think nqt. It would
have been in violation of the spirit of our Govern-
ment.
But. it is said, we should overlook all thesecon-
! siderations, and hold on to the conquered provinces,
in order to indemnify us for the expenses of the
war. If by this is meant that this territory would
I yield us anything worthy of serious consideration
: in the way of money, it is the greatest humbug of
the times. It would be more likely to take out
than put money into the treasury.
In conclusion, I have but a few words to say
about the three million appropriation asked Tor by
the President. I have voted steadily for all the sup-
plies of men and money necessary to carry on this
war. I intend to continue to do so. But the Presi-
dent asks this three millions, not to prosecute the
war, but he says it may be necessary m making a
peace; but he cannot tell us what use he is going to
make of it, until after this peace is obtained. Last
session he wanted two millions to be used in this
secret way, but the bill failed. This session he
wants three millions.
Now, sir, if I had good reason to believe that
it would bring an honorable peace, I would vote,
not only this three millions, but as much more if
it were necessary. But I have no reason to believe
any such thing. When the President asked for
the two millions last session, he had entered into
some sort of" an arrangement with Santa Ana, by
which he was to permit Santa Ana to return to
Mexico, and Santa Ana, on his part, was to make
peace with the United Slates. But Santa Ana
cheated our President, and I am afraid he will
cheat him again. I must therefore know what is
to be done with this money before I can vote it. _
! Is it the design of the President to hold out this
I three millions as a bribe to Santa Ana and his army ?
If so, the purpose is dishonorable and disgraceful.
that military possession should be taken of it. The j We have had enough of bargains with the treach
President moved on his own responsibility, believ- ]| erous Santa Ana. We have seen mm, by the
in<r, no doubt, that the country, when in war,
would overlook his conduct in provoking and
bringing it on. He did this, as I have already
shown, alike in violation of the express terms and
obvious meaning of the annexation resolution, in
violation of law, and in violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. ♦
But I must hasten to a conclusion. The remain-
order of Mr. Polk, permitted to return to his own
country, after he had been the author of all the
mischiefs of which we complain. And no sooner
did he reach the capital of his own country, where
our sagacious President had sent him, than he was
hailed with joy both by the army and people. 'n-
stead of trying to make peace with us, he at first
modestly declined the Presidency, but took com-
i /  . i  :  v..* n.yis'tc.A i n rfitnvn-
:! in"* topics which I desired to touch, must be touch- ji mand of the army, saying, his purpose m retuin-
: eif briefly. The proposed annexation of Mexican j ing- from his exile was, to drive the perfidious
ed briefly. The propo;
territory to the United States has raised, or rather
' revived, a question of fearful import. Already we
j have had a most exciting and violent debate on the
; subject of the extension of slavery.
\ When Texas was coming into the Union, I then
t expressed the belief that, if the question of sld-
1 very was left open, it would in the end endanger, i£
icons, as he was pleased ungratefully to call the
people over whom JVlr. Polk presided, front the
soil of Mexico. He is now not only at the head
of the army, but also President of the lepubhe,
giving more union and energy to the war against
us than any other roan could give. I want no
more secret bargains made with him. When an-
