358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 12
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Harmanson.
Ho. of Reps.
other contract is entered into, I not only want it in
the open day, but I want witnesses to it.
What avail, sir, will it be, to procure a tempo-
rary, or nominal peace, by buying up the present
set of military leaders in Mexico ? It would only
hurl them from power, and bring in other leaders
equaftyliostile. We have already seen Mr. Slidell
desiring:, and, perhaps, by his presence in Mexico,
assisting, to overturn the government of Herrera,
and bring Paredes into power; and then we have
seen the President assisting to turn Paredes out,
and put Santa Ana into his place. And what has
it availed ? It has only turned bad to worse, and
postponed the prospect of peace. We started out
to "conquer a peace;" now, it seems, we are
going to buy it! I will have no part or lot in any
such thing.
In conclusion, I will say, my heart's desire is to
see an eaily and honorable peace restored to the
country; and all and every measure which in my
judgment looks fairly and honestly to that object
shall have my eonstant and hearty support.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. J. H. HARMANSON,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 12, 1847.
The bill to appropriate Three Millions of Dollars
to enable the President to enter upon negotia-
tions for the restoration of peace with Mexico,
being under consideration—
Mr. HARMANSON said: I did not expect,
Mr. Chairman, to have addressed the committee
on this bill: intending to have left it to more expe-
rienced members. The amendment offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,]
has altered my determination, and as I have taken
the floor, I will define my position with reference
to the war.
It is denounced by the opposition as " a Presi-
dent's war;" a war of injustice and wrong on our
part, commenced without reason, and to end in
the disgrace of our country. This, sir, I believe
to be wholly untrue. But if I conccived our coun-
try to have been led into this war by the folly or
design of the President, I should, in the first place,
have endeavored to arrest him in his career of folly
or ambition. If I had failed in that, and war had
ensued, 1 should not have stopped to inquire by
whose wrong it had been commenced. It would
be enough to know that my country icas in war;
and instead of spending our energies in idle, if not
ciiminal wrangling to gam pitiful party advantages,
I would cry a truce to piuty: would quiet our do-
mestic troubles, and lend every energy of our souls
to its prosecution, with a vigor likely to ensure its
speedy and glorious termination.
But, sir, it is not an "unjust, unconstitutional,
and damnable war," or one that could have been
avoided with honor It was forced on us by a
perverse and besotted nation—a nation without ca-
pacity to know what is ri^ht, and if she had, has
not the sense of propriety to do it. Everything
that a magnanimous nation, conscious of its power,
could do, has been done by the United States to
obtain peace. We have implored Mexico for the
sake of humanity, for her own sake, to abstain
from this appeal to arms. Yes, sir, in strains bor-
dering on pusillanimity, only to be excused by a
consciousness of our power and her distraction,
and consequent feebleness, have we besought her
to pause. How have we been met? By insult
and defiance. Nothing but war would do her.
Let her have it, then, to her heart's content. If she
is so lost to all sense of justice and reason, as not
to be, for humanity's sake or her own, begged into
a peace, the sole alternative is left us to thrash her
into it.
Cut we see gentlemen on this floor so blinded
bv piejndice and hatred, as to charge this as " a
President's war," which, if true, would convict
them of little less than treason They tell us, that
the order of the President, commanding our troops
to take position on the Rio Grande, was issued to
provoke a war. That it was unconstitutional, as
it made war without the consent of Congress. It
was unjust to Mexico, as it invaded her rightful
sovereignty; and that, for this order, the President
was a despot, and deserved to be impeached. If
it be true, that the marching to the Rio G-rand^,
provoked the war, then I charge those who now
denounce it on this floor with being accessory to
the act. If thus making the war was unconstitu-
tional, then I charge them with cooperation in this
violation of the Constitution. If the march to the
Rio Grande violated the sovereignty of Mexico,-
you are guilty of perpetrating or conniving at that
injustice.
And, Mr. Chairman, let me ask these patriotic j
gentlemen, where were they when these great out- j
rages were committed by this despotic President, ]
as they call him? Were they not on this floor? i
Did they not have full cognizance of all these facts ?
Why did they not arrest him in his mad career ?
Were these sentinels on the watchtower sleeping
at their post? Will they tell us that they did not
at that time think it unconstitutional and unjust,
or that it would provoke a war? Or will they tell
the country that they saw it all, but had not the
patriotism to warn their countrymen of the danger ?
Let these railers take either horn of the dilemma.
If they say they did not at that time see that it was
unjust and unconstitutional, and would provoke a
war, how is it that they charge the Administration
with wilfully trampling under foot the Constitu-
tion, dealing unjustly by Mexico, and plunging
their country in an "unjust, unconstitutional, and
damnable war ?" If they saw it, what apology or
excuse can they offer their countrymen for not ar-
resting 'the President in his mad design ? Why
did these patriots sleep ? Why were they dumb ?
Why did they not sound the alarm far and wide,
to awake the sleeping vigilance of their confiding
countrymen ? For the very best reasons, Mr.
Chairman: Their charges, were not thought of
then, and are unjust now. Let us examine into
the manner in which this difficulty commenced.
Texas was an independent nation: recognised
by the leading civilized nations of the earth. She
chose to unite her destiny with ours, and we, for
our security, to extend our commercial and politi-
cal power, and also to prevent other Governments,
whose principles are antagonist to our own, from
controlling the destinies of that rising country,—for
these reasons we took her into our Union. The
annexation was consummated after a hard struggle
with European Governments. Our promptitude
and boldness triumphed over their machinations.
They reluctantly acquiesced, and acknowledged
that Texas had the right to annex herself to the
United States. We received her into our Union,
claiming the Rio Grande as her boundary; but
with a stipulation that we reserved to ourselves the
power of establishing a line by treaty.
We signified to Herrera, the President of Mex-
ico, our disposition to settle all difficulties on the
most liberal terms. He assented to receive an en-
voy. Mr. Slidell was immediately despatched to
Mexico, to endeavor, by all honorable means, to
adjust the points in controversy. Oct his arrival
out, he found Herreia's Government tottering to
its fall, and from fear, it then refused to recognise
him. Herrera was soon overthrown by Paredes,
for the very reason that he was favorable to peace.
Mr. Slidell apprized Paredes, in the most kind and
conciliatory manner, of the friendly disposition of
our Government, and that he was empowered to
settle all questions in issue. How, let me ask, were
these friendly overtures met? By insult and bit-
terness. Yet these patriots declare, that in all this
Mexico was ri^ht, and our Government wrong.
Permit me, in this connexion, to read an extract
from a letter from the Mexican Minister, Giastillo
y Lanzas, to IMr. Slidell, which, doubtless, will
receive the approval of those who ever find their
country wrong and her enemies right:
"Civilized nations have beheld with amazement, at this
enlightened and refined epoch, a powerful and well-consol-
idated State, availing hetsolt of the internal di^en-non of a
neighboring nation, jMittin<r Us vigilance to sleep by protes-
tations of frieiuWiip, ?etting m active motion all manner of
spungs and artifice*?, alternately plying mtnauo and vio-
lence, seizing a moment to despoil her ot'a precious part of
herterntory, regardless of her incontestable ri^ht of the most
unquestionable" ownership, and the most undisputed pos-
session.^'
Was there ever, Mr. Chairman, such unblush-
ing impudence as this? I mi^ht go further, and
ask, was there ever such insanity as this ? Texas
unquestionably hers! when all leading civilized
nations had pronounced her years before free and
independent! And she had undisputed possession
of Texas ! Surely this man must have been born
since the battle of San Jacinto, and can know no-
thing of the previous history of his country. Is-
there a man on this floor willing to endorse these
idiotic pretensions? It was this blindness, this in-
sanity, that caused the war. Yet, sir, our oppo-
nents tell us that our Government is wrong, her
enemy right. They contend that between the Nue-
ces and the Rio Grande was disputed territory, and
that our invasion of that, caused the war. Certainly,
sir, there was a difference of opinion among our-
selves as to which was the rightful line, a large
majority believing the Rio Grande to be the bound-
ary. But this very difference of opinion suggested
the propriety of a reservation on the part of our
Government of power to negotiate the line. There
certainly has never been any dispute between the
United States and Mexico, as to whether the Nue-
ces or the Rio Grande was the boundary. The
dispute with Mexico arises from the fact that she
claimed to the Sabine. She claimed the_ whole of
Texas, disputing our title to every inch.
Some of the Opposition charge us with robbing-
Mexico by annexing Texas. This is humiliating1
indeed. Even our foreign enemies are more just
to us than are such American patriots. The
prime minister of a foreign potentate, Guizot,
smarting under the sting of being foiled in his
" balance-of-power" system, acknowledged that
Texas was free and independent of Mexico, and
had a right to annex herself to the United States.
But what better could we expect from this same
school of American patriots, which, during the
Revolution, when America was striking for her
freedom, declared us rebels and robbers, and then,
as now, proclaimed our enemies to be m the right.
In the last war they were again found on the side
of our enemies. In our difficulties with France,
their leader, the imbodiment of Federalism, true
to his instinct, deelared that if the guns of the ene-
my were pointing at the Capitol, he would not vote
an appropriation intended to protect the honor and
interest of the country.
I will not charge our opponents with loving
Mexico, or hating their own country. But, sir,
they are so blinded by party fury, so bitter and des-
perate in their hatred to the Administration, that to
crush it they would trample under foot the honor,
interests, and glory of their own country.
I should have my misgivings as to the stability
of our institutions did I not believe that the mass
of the Whig party would spurn with indignation
these proclamations to the world, that we are
murderers and robbers, waging an 44 unjust, un-
constitutional, and damnable war." If the war
was unjust, I would try to be blind to my coun-
try's dishonor. Jlly hps, at least, should be sealed,
for the sake of the future fame of my country. I
would rather desire to cheat the historian into a
different belief, and thus to save our posterity from
the mortification of being taught that their fathers
were robbers and murderers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if this war is eC unjust,
unconstitutional, and damnable," why did these
peculiar patriots vote for it? If it is so, they crimi-
nate themselves. They confess their own ^uilt.
We thought the war unavoidable and just on our
part; we voted for it, and thus did what we con-
sidered our duty. They, by their own confession,
violated duty, and perpetrated what they profess
to consider foul injustice.
It is complained' that the President stated in his
message, that t( aid and comfort" was being given
to the enemy by denouncing the war as unjust
towards Mexico, and in branding our Government
as being bent on pillage and territorial aggrandize-
ment. Yes, I ask these honorable gentlemen if
the Government of Mexico does not receive " aid
and comfort'' by thus being encouragcd to deeds of
daring in defence of their country's so-called honor
and rights, as against the vile oppression of Ameri-
can robbers? Cheer on the soldiers of our ene-
mies—tell them they are fighting in a just and holy
cause—tell them if they fall they will fill a patriot's
grave-—do it, do all this, and then ask every true
American heart if this is not giving aid and com-
fort and strength to the enemy. Turn to our own
soldiers, and say you will not vote them food, rai-
ment, and arms, to enable them to protect their
country's honor and rights, and to add to its glory,
but to carry out the vile purposes of tyranny and
