1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
29th Cong Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Harmanson.
Ho. of Reps.
oppression, to violate the Constitution, to enable
them to perpetrate dark deeds of pillage and blood;
tell them if they die in the cause they die a felon's
death; tell this to the soldier's widow, whose only
consolation is that he died nobly supporting his
countiy's honor and glory. Rob her of that sol-
acc—say to the soldier's orphans that their father
has left them the blighting legacy of disgrace and
dishonor—and then go to the people and ask them
whether this is giving strength to the American
arms, or comfort to the distracted hearts of those
made widowsand orphans by this war.
The Opposition speak of the cost of this war.
Sir, it was unavoidable. We will conquer a peace,
it will be a permanent peace, not only with Mexi-
co, but with our rivals m Europe. They see with
fear and trembling the prowess of our troops, and
the real military power of our Government. In-
deed, we are as much surprised at our own power
as they. The American people, as well as Europe,
are convinced that we can command, at six months5
notice, half a million of men of the very best mate-
rial for an army. The want of this knowledge
might have cost us a long, bloody, and expensive
war, with those jealous of our institutions and
prosperity. This knowledge will insure us a long
repose, should we end this contest as brilliantly as
it has been thus far prosecuted, and the perma-
nent peace thus purchased will have been cheaply
bought, even at a cost of fifty or a hundred mil-
lions of dollars. But it will cost us nothing.
Mexico, in her madness, commenced this war, and
she must foot the bill.
For the more efficient prosecution of the war,
the able Secretary of the Treasury has proposed to
tax Jhe free list. It is objected that we cannot tax
tea and coffee, for the reason that such a duty falls
heaviest on th'e poor. I know it does. Our whole
system of taxation taxes the poor instead of the
rich; and that is one of the principal reasons why
I have always advocated the lowest possible tariff.
Will these objectors be kind enough to inform the
committee if the duty on sugar, salt, iron, coarse
cottons, woollens, &c., do not also throw the bur-
den of th^e tax on the poor, and otherwise operate
more injuriously to their interest than would a duty
on tea and coffee? If you put a tax upon tea and
coffee, its whole amount goes into the public treas-
ury. On the other hand, only a part of your tariff
oriax on sugar, salt, iron, cottons, woollens, &c.,
goes into the public treasury. The sugar planter,
salt-maker, the iron-master, chartered companies
manufacturing cottons and woollens, receive the
greatest proportion of the tux thus levied. Nor is
this all. It cuts off our trade with other countries,
and thus diminishes the price of the article we ex-
port. It is, indeed, a double injury. Sir, these
gentlemen talk very pathetically of taxing ,the
poor. Where were their sympathies, when it
was proposed by the Democratic party to reduce
the tax on sugar, salt, iron, andclothing? Where,
I ask, was their love for the poor then? No,
their cry was, the higher the tax the better. Their
object in making anything free is to create the ne-
cessity for higher taxes on sugar, salt, iron, coal,
coarse cottons, woollens, &c., for the benefit of
the planter, iron and coal miners, and chartered
companies. We are obliged, if we do our duty,
to raise the money to support our Government.
You object to put a tariff on tea and coffee, be-
cause, as you contend, the burden will fall heavi-
est on the poor. I know it, as I have before
said, and vote for it with that full knowledge; and
know, too, with the same certainty, that to lay a
heavier tax on the articles you propose in their
stead to tax even higher than at present, would be
infinitely more oppressive to the poor, as it would
do them the triple injury of taxing them unequally
for the Government, taxing them for the benefit of
chartered companies, and cutting off their trade
with other nations, thereby diminishing the price
of the articles we export.
Under this mode of taxation, fix it as you may,
the poor have to stand the brunt; and under the
pretence of relieving them by making tea and cof-
fec free, you inflict a deeper injury in raising the
taxes on articles of general consumption which are
already taxed too high. If you are sincere, why
do you not lay a tax on indigo and other dyestuifs ?
That would clearly benefit the poor, as it would
not tax them, but these chartered companies. Oh,
no! That is precisely what you do not desire.
You say, too, the people will not stand a tax on
tea and coffee. Is it thought on this floor that the
people are so stupid as not to be able to see that
the tax on tea and coffee would be less injurious
to them than to raise the tax, which is now too
high, on their sugar, salt, and iron ? The money
must be procured; and the question is, how is it
to be raised with most facility, and to the least in-
jury to the people? Lay it as we may, I know
the masses will have to stand the burden. Bank-
ers and otherchartered companies,<and the wealthy
generally, will not bear their due proportion. Nev-
ertheless, I know that true patriotism is to be
found among; the people, who are ever ready to
pour out their money and their blood in defence
of the rights and honor of their country.
They not stand a tax on tea and coffee in time of
war to support their fathers, brothers, husbands,
friends, and countrymen, in wresting from an in-
solent, implacable, and barbarous foe that redress
which has been too long delayed ! They recollect
full well the piracies committed by our enemy on
our commerce; the robbery of our citizens; the as-
sassination of the gallant Cross; the murder of the
Rogers family, when females, after being violated
before the eyes of their husbands, were deliberately
murdered in cold blood.
No, sir, there is not a man or a woman in my
district, with a heart capable of appreciating such
wrongs, who would be indisposed to submit to a
duty on tea and coffee, or would refuse to give half
their tea and coffee—nay, give all, to cheer and
support our army in avenging these outrages.
Mr. Chairman, n is proposed by the bill now
under consideration to place in the hands of the
Executive three millions of dollars, to be used, if
necessary, in adjusting a peace with Mexico. It
is denounced by the Opposition, who call on us to
know how it is that, having set out to conquer a
peace, we now wish to obtain peace by bribery.
We could have expected nothing better from many
of these gentlemen. Is it patriotic at such a time
to publish to the civilized world that the Executive
is a tyrant, pressing on a system of plunder and
bloodshed, and that the supporters of this war are
accessories to these crimes * Sir, they could not
have completed the catalogue of disgraceful impu-
tations without adding that of bubery. It is sug-
gested by the gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr. Owen,]
and the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the Senate, [Mr. Sevier,] that the line
most convenient to the parties would be the Rio
Grande, from its mouth to the thirty-second paral-
lel, thence following that paidllel west to the Pacific,
giving us the Cahfornias and New Mexico. Now,
can it-not be conceived by all not wilfully blind, 1
that the territory we may thus acquire would be ;
worth more than the amount Mexico may owe us; ;
and that it may require this amount, or a part of
this, to pay the balance? ft may be said, why not '
take exactly enough to pay ourselves? For many .
cogent reasons. The line thus to be obtained might i
not be convenient for either. For instance: Mexi- ;
co might not be willing to have one of her provinces '
divided, wishing us to take the whole or none, if
we took the whole, it might cover more than our
claim. If none, les3 than our claim. So it must ;
be clear to every sensible mind that we must be
prepared for this contingency. It may or may not
be used,as circumstances may require. It would be
most stupid not to be prepared on this point, upon ,
which I shall not dwell longer; for he that cannot
see the indispensable necessity for this appropria-
tion is too blind to be reasoned with.
As to the amendment proposed by the member j
from Pennsylvania, I must declare my astonish-
ment that those who profess to be supporteis of
the Administration should have thrown such afire-
brand into our councils. It is difficult to believe
that the supporters of this measure are friendly to
the Administration, or sincere supporters of the
war; for they must know that the President is ■
wholly adverse to coupling this question in any
manner with a measure nccessary to the prosecu-
tion of the war. Had gentlemen taxed their in-
genuity to the utmost to devise the means of dis-
tracting the councils of the country, to effectually
embarrass and cripple the Administration, and
eventually to overthrow the Union, I do not be-
lieve they could have adopted a scheme better
suited to accomplish these ends. Yet gentlemen
say they are supporters of the war and the Admin-
istration," and that they are attached to the Union.
This is singular proof of it. They are in favor of
the war, yet they thrust, out of time and place, a
measure on the House which they know full well
must irritate and distract the party favorable to a
vigorous prosecution of the contest. They are sup-
porters of the Administration, yet they know that
nothing could embarrass it more. They are in fa-
vor of this glorious Union. Still they introduce
and press on us a principle that tramples under foot
all the compromises of the Constitution which re-
sulted in this Union. Sir, if they were to be judged
by their acts, and not by their professions, it would
be pronounced that they were opposed to the war,
meditated the overthrow of the Administration,
and vitrei *n fact, disunionists.
The speech of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Rathbun] was indeed interesting, if for no-
thing save its candor. After exhausting himself
in denouncing the institution of African slavery
and its baneful influences on the intellect and in-
dustry of our people, and passing a very high
eulogy on the intelligence and industry of the non-
slaveholding States, and their great love for kberty,
he at last informed the committee that the anti-
slavery agitation here is all humbug. That they
are really after political power; and that if we will
give up one of the most material compromises of
the Constitution, we may take slavery where v/e
please, and extend it indefinitely. I commend the
gentleman for his candor. Doubtless, this is the
spirit that actuates these great lovers of freedom.
He complains bitterly that for forty-seven of fifty-
seven years, the presidential chair has been filled
by slaveholders, which he considers a great griev-
ance. Let us examine this matter a little.
General Washington was a slaveholder, reared
under its baneful influences. Will the gentleman
be kind enough to say how he hked his Adminis-
tration? I will take the liberty of answering for
the gentleman, that none could have been better.
The apostle of hbeity, Thomas Jefferson—was the
gentleman satisfied with his Administration ? He
will say the liberty of the people suffered nothinp
at his hands. How is it with the Administrations of
Madison and Monroe? Were they true to the
iionor and liberty of the people? The gentleman
expresses no dissent. How did he like the Ad-
ministration of the lion-hearted Jackson, the hero
of New Orleans? Did Jackson fill the measure of
his country's glory? The gentleman is delighted
with his Administration. How is this, Mr. Chair-
man, five Presidents from the slaveholding States,
the land, as gentlemen are pleased to say, " of
ignorance and idleness"—five Presidents reared
under its baneful influence; arid yet. sir, while they
guided the destinies of the United States, the in-
terest of the country was promoted, its honor
preserved untarnished, and its liberties carefully
guarded. This is, indeed strange, if the condition
you assign the South be true. Let us see whether
the country has fared better under those reaied ii.
the more favored region, the land, as the gentle-
man avers, " of intelligence and freedom." flow
is the gentleman pleased with the Administration
of John Adams? Not at all, Mr. Chairman.
How did that of his son, John&. Adams, answer?,
Airain he is no better satisfied. And that of Gen-
eral Harrison was no moie to the gentleman's
taste. Mr. Van Buren, the " northern man with
southern principles," who thoughtit honor enough
to follow m the footsteps of his illustrious prede-
cessor—his Administration alone of all the Presi-
dents from the non-slaveholding States, meets the
approval of the gentleman from New York. The
committee are, doubtless, convinced of the justice
of his complaints. Perhaps he thinks it immate-
rial whether onr country is governed well or ill, as
his solicitude appeals to be altogether with refer-
ence to the distribution of the loaves and fishes. I
fear, sir, that there are too many of that political
school for the peace and happiness of our country.
What diffeience, I ask, can it make from whence
a President comes—whether trom tne Last, "West,
North or South—if he is tine to uur institutions >
As to myself, if I know myself, if 1 know my own
heart, I care not from whence he comes. If he is
the friend of equal rights, and opposed to all mo-
nopolies, were he to come from the remotest cor-
ner of Wisconsin, I should prefer him a thousand
times to a man from my own hearth-side who does
not stand by these principles.
