1847.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3(53
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Washington Hunt.
Ho. of Re"ps.
ful servant, and never ran away from her mas-
ter, and never have subjected herself to such treat-
ment. But does the gentleman consider that the
abuse of a light is a proper argument against the
possession of that right? And has his sensibility
never been excited from hearing or witnessing the
cruelty of a husband towards his wife, of a father
towaids his children, or of a master mechanic to-
wards his.apprentices? And did he then come to the
conclusion that these relations should not exist?
I have said the condition of the slaves would
also compare favorably with thatof the poorwhites.
I will not refer you to the starving- poor in Ireland
and Scotland, or to the paupers of England; I will
call your attention to those who are not only able
to work but do get work for their support
In a report made to the Parliament of Great
Britain the commissioner 3ays:
" I wish to call the attention of the hoard to the pits about
Brampton. The beam* are t>o thin that several of ilium have
only two fret headway to all the working. They are work-
ed altottfther by boys from eight to twelve years of age, on
al!-tour , with dog-helt and chain. The passages being
neither ironed nor wooded, are olten an inch or two thick
with mud. In Mr. Barnes's pit, these poor boys have to draij
the harrows with one cwt. of coal or slack sixty times a day
sixty yards, and the empty back, without once straightening
thesr backs.- Richard North, a«edsixteen, went into the pit
at seven. Where he drew by the girdle and chain his skin
was broken, and thel)lood ran down. When thev refused
to draw they were beaten. In these pits girls weie at work,
clad in nothing hut thin shifts, among naked men. In Liv-
erpool forty thousand persons live iri cellars; in Manchester
fifteen thousand ; in England twenty-two thousand people in
damp tents, and in the open air. According to Mr. O'Con-
nel!, there are now in Ireland about four million (now eight
million) of paupers m rtur*. without homes, living on pota-
toes when they can get them, and to whom a blanket is an
unknown luxury."
In the slave States, little or no work is required
from them til! they attain the ages often and twelve,
and then only such as will not injure but give vigor
and activity to their corporal powers and promote
their health.
The policy of holding slaves, or of entire emanci-
pation, next claims our attention. I contend that
slavery is not only beneficial to the South, but that
the benefits resulting from it extend to the whole
United States.
Emancipate the slaves, and depend on voluntary
labor from them for productions of the South, and
the great staple (cotton) which gives life and vigor
and prosperity to the manufacturers of that article
will be almost destroyed. They are too indolent
to work unless forced by a master or absolute
necessity. This is not mere assertion, resting on
speculation or theory. Look to St. Domingo—
look to the British West India Islands, which have
become almost pauperized by the stupendous folly
of England in emancipating all their slaves. All
the productions of those Islands have fallen off
almost immeasurably. While slave labor was
applied to the cultivation of the soil, England was
abundantly supplied with all the tropical pro-
ductions from her own possessions. Now, she has !
to resort to other nations; and, despite her pretend-
ed abhorrence of slavery, she is compelled to be
indebted to slave labor for sugar, coffee, and pro- j
ducts of the southern climes. She soon saw her !
error, but was too proud to retrace hersteps. While
she attempted to supply the place of slave labor by i j
the forced apprenticeship of slaves {taken from j
captured slavers) on her own islands, she was
using all the influence of her power and wealth, j
aided by a sickly philanthropy and fanaticism, to j
abolish slavery in all other countries. While slave ;
labor was withheld from her own islands, she well I
knew she could not compete in production with :
other islands where it was used, and therefore she |
was desirous to draw them down to her own level :
by a repetition of her own folly.
Abolish slavery, then, in the South, and you j
necessarily curtail the production of cotton fully :
one-half—yea more, you raise its price—and with i
it you raise the price of all the articles manufac- ;
tured from it, which are now the cheapest and the
principal clothing of the whole world. Not only
so, but you also lessen the production of sugar, of>
nee, indeed of every article of food and clothing j
raised under the burning influence of the sunny !
South. All this is too obvious to the reflecting '
niind to need further enlarging, and none but those
whose powers of cool reasoning are destroyed by
fanaticism or the ambition of political power would
desire to see this source of national prosperity de-
stroyed.
An array has been made by the gentleman from
"Vermont [Mr. Dillingham] of the comparative
population of the slave and non-sfaveholding States,
and we have been told that population constitutes
the only element of power in a State. While I
am willing to admit that population is one great
element, I cannot agree that it is the only one,
nor that it is the greatest. The productions of a
country must be considered one great element of
strength, and with due deference to the opinion*of
the gentleman, a little reflection must convince even
him that it is the greatest. Why is England one
of the greatest, perhaps the most powerful, nation
on the face of the globe? Her population is small
compared with the countless millions of China;
yet her power is as far above that of China as the j
population of the latter exceeds that of England. |
Look to the hordes of Africa, and what is their [
strength? Our own Indians, with their hundreds j
of thousands, ha<i no strength, and have retired
before the powerful resources of the white man.
Will that gentleman, then, look to the productions
of the slave States, and tell us how they compare
with those of the free States, and confess that he
had overlooked this great element of national power
and prosperity? What will be the effect of eman-
cipation on the slave* themselves is written in char-
acters too strong and legible to rectuire me to dwell
on this branch of the subject. What has become
of your black population in the free States? They
were, when emancipated, quite numerous; they are
nmv almost extinct; as a people they are too indo-
lent to work even for'their support; and destitution,
beggary, starvation, crime, and disease—their ne-
cessary consequences—yearly thin their ranks and
diminish their number, and but few cycles will be
numbered before they must be totally annihilated.
Like the aborigines of this country, they will
dwindle into numerical nothingness before the on-
ward march of the Anglo-Saxon race; and like the'
great tribes of the Delawares and Senecas, it will
only be known from history that they ever ex-
isted. Emancipate them, and these results will i
certainly follow—destitution, beggary, crime, star- |
vation, and annihilation; and these are the boon |
and the blessings Christian gentlemen would be- i
stow on a people who would now be contented and I
happy if they wore permitted to enjoy in peace the
conveniences and comforts now secured to them.
The last remaining point arising out of this
" Wilmot proviso," to which I desire to call your
attention, is the equality and justice of the measure
proposed. Stripped of the gaudy coloring which
fanaticism and hypocrisy have thrown around it,
and what is it? That whatever acquisition maybe
made by the joint labor, the joint peril, and joint
treasure of all the States, shall be divided among
half of them, and that the remaining half shall
possess none of the benefits or advantages accru-
ing from it. The bare statement of this proposi-
tion, in plain and simple terms, must strike the
mind of every man of common honesty and integ-
rity, without any pretensions to religion, as abhor-
rent to every principle of honor, honesty, justice,
and religion. To avoid this difficulty, gentlemen
tell us, Wedo not intend to deprive you of an equal
participation and enjoyment of any and every j
acquisition which may be made; we only deny to j,
you the right and privilege of taking your prop-1 j
erty along with you. This is equal participation \\
and enjoyment with a witness! Do they deny to I
themselves the right to carry into the acquired .1
territory any and all the property they possess? |i
Not at all; but say we will not allow you to carry ]|
your slaves, because it is sinful to hold them, and ,!
by doing so, you will bring eternal curses on your- j j
self. To this, two replies are easy: First, They ii
will not have to suffer for our sins, if it is a sin; \ \
and, secondly, no man who has any regard for truth, 1!
and will admit that this holy book is the word of "
God, can pretend that what is ordained by God 'f
and regulated by his laws is a sin, either individual ; i
or national. No, sir. The base injustice of this . j
measure, engendered by cupidity, has now but little
of the alloy of fanaticism—it is downright heart- j.
less injustice. ,;
Suppose a company of Christians had associated :.
together, and from some^cause it became neces-
sary to divide the property acquired by their joint !
labor and treasure: would any member think it ;
consistent with religion to require all the property j
to be given to one-half of them to the entire exclu- \
sion of the others? No, sir. Would honest men,
who made no pretence of religion, think it consist-
entwith honesty? No, sir.
To cap the chmax,and to show in the strongest
terms my sense of the injustice of this proposition,
1 would ask if any number of men were connected
together for the sole purpose of robbery and plunder,
(gentlemen of the road, as they are called,) and one
of them was seriously to make the proposition to
divide their plunder and spoil among only half,
and exclude all the others, what would be thought
and done with him? He would be deemed a dis-
grace to their company, and driven from among
them as unworthy the association of even those
who lived upon the plunder of their fellow-citi-
zens, and were held together by no other tie than a
common interest. This proposition is abhorrent,
then, to every principle of religion, of honesty, of
morality, of honor, and even to that principle which
binds the basest men in society together, called
honor among thieves.
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF MR.W.HUNT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1847.
The Three Million Bill and the Wilmot Proviso
being under consideration in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. HUNT said that when he addressed the
House, at an early stage of the session, on the
subject of the Mexican war, he expressed his op-
position to making it a war of territorial conquest,
and offered a proposition declaring, in effect, that •
it ought not to be prosecuted with a view to the
dismemberment of Mexico. He did not then press
the proposition to a vote, believing, from various
indications, that time and the current of events
would harmonize conflicting opinions, and ensure
a more emphatic and united expression. He be-
lieved the time was approaching when the public
voicc would compel the Administration to abandon
its wild schemes of territorial aggrandizement, and
return to a policy more accordant with the natuie
of our institutions, and the true honor of the
country.
On the occasion to which he referred, he had
entered at some length into the reasons of his op-
position to foreign conquests, and his disapproba-
tion of the aggressive purposes for which the war
is now prosecuted. It was not his intention to
enlarge upon those considerations at this time. He
would content himself with a meie reference to
some of the more prominent of his objections. In
the first place, he contended that we already pos-
sess as much territory as we ought to desite:
enough for every rational and enlightened purpose;
enough for ourselves and the generations who are
to come after us; enough to gratify even the ex-
travagance of national pride and ambition. We
possess vast regions—millions upon millions of
acres, as yet untrodden by the foot of civilized
man. We have extended our sway from sea to
sea, till it covers an empire as broad as can be pre-
served or wisely regulated by yuy human govern-
ment whilst public agents continue to be mortal and
imperfect. By enlarging our possessions, already
so widely extended, we shall derive no increase of
national strength, prosperity, or happiness. If we
acquire New Mexico and California, he almost
trembled to think of the character of the population
which must come with them into our Confederacy.
We must prepare to receive an incongruous mass
of Spaniards, Indians, and mongrel Mexicans—a
medley of mixed races, who are fitted neither to
enjoy nor to administer our free institutions: men
of different blood and language, who cannot dwell
and mingle with our people on a footing of social
or political equality. They must be governed as a
colonial dependency, under provincial laws, or else
be incorporated into our federal system,*to become
an eternal source of strife, anarchy, and civil com- *
motion.
The forcible conquest of these territories involves
other questions. By what moral or political right
do we propose to dismember Mexico and extort a
surrender of her provinces' We hear much of
national honor and glory, but national honesty
