366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Hudson.
Ho. of Reps.
negotiation to secure a settlement on 49°. An old
writer says that " he who knows not how to dis-
semble, knows not how to govern." This doc-
trine, though rejected by Machiavel for its immoral-
ity, has found an admirer in the Executive. His
communications to Congress respecting this Mexi-
can war have been characterized by an entire want
of candor and fair-dealing. We have seen a sup-
pression of some facts and an exaggeration of
others; the pretexts of yesterday contradicted by
the avowals of to-day; subsequent facts paraded
as causes of anterior proceedings, and a studied
attempt to disguise from Congress the real purpose
of the war, under cover of ambiguous phrases and
professions. We have seen him assert that Mexi-
co invaded our soil, when the real point in dispute
was the question of boundary. The President
knows, as all the world knows, that the order di-
recting General Taylor to march to the Rio Grande
was the immediate cause of the war. In executing
that order, our army marched into Mexican settle-
ments; and Fort Brown, erected by our troops op-
posite Matamoros, was in a field of cotton then
growing, planted by a Mexican occupant. The
boundary is the very point in dispute; and it is for
the country to judge whether Mexico invaded
American soil, or our army invaded Mexican soil.
The grounds assumed by the president on this sub-
ject are alike untenable and contradictory. Whilst
he justifies the march to the Rio Grande on the
ground that Texas, under the joint resolution, ex-
tends to that river, we see him erecting a territorial
government over a large portion of the territory
east of the river, as a military conquest, taken
from Mexico by force of arms. You and I, Mr.
Chairman, know very well that Congress never
intended to claim title to the Rio Grande. Every
form of resolution' which recognised the limits
claimed in the Texan constitution was rejected by
the House; and the resolution finally adopted leaves
the boundary an open question, in express terms,
and assumes to annex only so much as rightfully
belonged to Texas. The east shore of the Rio
Grande was in the undisturbed possession of Mexi-
can inhabitants. Texas never possessed it in fact.
Mr. Benton, Mr. Wright, and Mr. Yan Buren, de-
clared that a treaty annexing it would be an act of
■war upon Mexico. The joint resolutions were
specially framed to prevent a collision v/ith Mexi-
co on this subject of boundary, and to leave an
open door for negotiations.
The first great blunder of the President was his
refusal to treat with Mexico respecting the bound-
ary as a separate and dislinct question. He in-
sisted on blending it with the claims of our citizens
on Mexico, already provided for by treaty. It
was virtually saying to Mexico, If you will pay
all the claims instanter, our boundary is here; if
not, it is yonder. It could hardly have been ex-
pected that Mexico, already chafed and irritated,
would open negotiations on such a basis. No one
can doubt that an adjustment of limits would have
been followed speedily by a settlement of all other
differences. It was our true policy to soothe and i
pacify, not to exasperate. But it seemed as if
there had been a design to present our exactions
in a form which no Government could accede to
without a feeling of degradation.
It is interesting to observe the progressive char-
acter nf our territorial claims and pretensions.
California is spoken of as already ours, and the
question is whether wc shall surrender it. He
had been quite amazed by the celerity with which
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. C.J. Ixtgersoll] keeps pace with this move-
able quality of our title.
Two short years ago, in the debate on the an-
nexation of Texas, he said: "The territorial limits
' are marked in the configuration of this continent
« by an Almighty hand. The stupendous deserts
' between the Nueces and the Biavo are the natu-
' ral boundaiy, &c. There ends the valley of the
' West, thereMexico begins." In the same speech,
he proposed to pay Mexico a round sum of money
to secure that desert as a final boundary. In reply
to an interrogatory which I addressed to him in a
late discussion, 1 undeistood him to declare his
adherence to the ground then taken; but on ex- i
mmmng his report made at the last session, (of
which the House has ordered five thousand copies
to be printed,) I find he has taken an advanced
position. He says: " President Polk had no con-
' stitutiorial right to stop short of the Bravo, and,
* in truth, the Province of Texas extended to that
'river by territorial configuration, which nature
' itself has rendered the limitary demarcation of that
' region."
Mr. H. had long admired the versatility of that
gentleman's genius, and his skill m making " the
worse appear the better reason," hut he had not
suspected those extraordinary and superhuman
powers by which the laws of nature are made obe-
dient to his bidding. At one moment he perceives
a boundary fixed by "ail Almighty hand;" but
presto! at the touch of his magic wand the line re-
cedes towards the Pacific. He is not to be outdone
by the rapid progress of Executive pretensions.
The facility with which he overleaps mountains,
and rivers, and deserts, and all natural boundaries
whatsoever, is almost incredible, and deserves to
be well rewarded. His dexterity in geographical
legerdemain, reminds one of Shakspeare's scene
of Puck and the fairies, where he exclaims, '.'I'll
put a girdle round about the earth in forty minutes."
If the gentleman shall continue to be the organ of
the Administration on foreign affairs, the whole
continent will be insufficient for the expansion of his
vie ws and the rapidity of his progress. On reaching
the Pacific, I fear, he will carry the war into Asia,
and extend our boundary more rapidly than the
victorious arms of Alexander or Genghis Khan.
Perhaps nothing has done more to shock the
moral sentiment of the country than the groundless
pretences, the perversions of historical fact, and
the-false coloring of events to which the Adminis-
tration has had recourse in defence of its proceed-
ings. It leads men to doubt whether virtue and
integrity have not departed from tke high places
of the country. !
Mr. H. said he wished to touch upon one or two j
matters connected with the management of the war, j
and then he would conclude. It is difficult to deter- !
mine which is considered the more formidable ene-
my by the President—the Mexican army, or the ;
American generals. General Scott was the first i
object of his jealousy. This distinguished com- I
mander, whose brilliant services in war and equal-
ly successful labors in peace, had won the grati-
tude and affection of the whole country, after first
being designated for the chief command to which
he was entitled, and whilst in the midst of his ar-
duous duty of preparation, was suddenly ordered
to remain here, and placed under the ban of Exec-
utive denunciation. His plan of campaign, which
exhibited the delays and obstacles incident to a j
great military movement, was made the pretext for j
his condemnation. But months rolled on, and time i
soon indicated the skill and correctness of his cal-
culations. Mark the progress of events. After
the battle of Monterey, it was thought necessary
to supersede General Taylor, and General Scott
was ordered to take the chief command. His plan
of campaign was fully approved, and he departed
under the strongest assurances of confidence from
the Executive. Will you believe it possible that it
was then the intention of the President to send
General Scott to Mexico only to supersede and dis-
grace him? He left this city in November, and
had hardly reached the Mexican border, when the
President callcd on Congress to create a lieutenant
general to take the chief command. And we are
told by Mr. Benton, that this plan was arranged !
and agreed on between the President and himself!
in the month of September, about two months be- i
fore General Scott was ordered into the field ' ]
What shall be said of such gross duplicity and !
flagrant injustice to a war-worn veteran. Amongst '
honorable men there can be but one sentiment pro- i
duced by this display of perfidy " in the highest
quarter." }
The conduct of the Executive towards General I
Taylor has been marked by the same want of |
manliness and magnanimity. To 110 man living t
is the Administration so much indebted as to Gen- 1
eral Taylor. Nothing but his bravery and sue- j
cess saved the war from sinking into utter eon- j
tempt. He gained a series of victories which ex- !
cited the gratitude and admiration of the country; i
and, for the moment, the people almost forgot the :
nature of the contest in contemplating the glorious
achievements of our army. But the President
never forgave him the splendor of his success at
Monterey. From that moment it was resolved to
degrade and supplant him. No gratitude was ex-
pressed for the valor and conduct which gained a
victory unsurpassed in the annals of modern war-
fare. On the contrary, the victory was condemned.
The terms of capitulation agreed on by General
Taylor for the surrender of 'Monterey, was made
the pretence for imposing censure where praise and
honor should have been awarded. To destroy the.
moral effect of the triumph, the armistice was re-
voked. Time will not permit me to enter upon a
statement of facts in defence of the armistice, but a
fair examination will satisfy every man that the
terms agreed upon were alike wise and honor-
able. The testimony furnished by the brave and
noble Worth, (of whom I cannot speak without
emotions of pride and delight,) who bore so lead-
ing and distinguished a part in the battle, is per-
fectly conclusive. The concurrent opinion of the
gallant Davis, who acted with him in the negotia-
tions, would of itself be satisfactory. As a mem-
ber of this House, he was not more distinguished
for his military knowledge and intelligence than
for his honorable bearing. Ampudia has been put
upon trial by his Government- for his defeat at
Monterey; and General Taylor, equally unfortu-
nate, i§ required by our puissant Executive to de-
fend his victory. Terms dictated by a regard for
the life of his soldiers, are quite too tame for the
sanguinary councils of the White House.
From the attacks made here and elsewhere, it is
the evident purpose of the Administration.and its
partisans, to sacrificc the two most prominent gen-
erals in command. It is a formidable undertaking
for such an Administration. I look forward to
the result without apprehension. I have no fear
that the American people will suffer the arts and
jealousies of scheming politicians to prevail against
men whose lives present an unbroken display of
bravery, patriotism, and fidelity, in the service of
the country.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. C. HUDSON,
op massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 184-7.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the Three Million
Appropriation Bill—
Mr. HUDSON said:
Mr. Chairman: No man can contemplate the
present state of our affairs without perceiving that
we stand in an unnatural position. A conquering
republic is a political solecism. With a form of
government peculiarly adapted to peace, we find
ourselves involved in war—a war of aggression and
conquest. Not satisfied with a territory extending
from sea to sea, and almost from the rivers to the
ends of the earth, we are at this moment engaged
in the unholy work of dismembering a sister re-
public. This position, I repeat, is an unnatural one.
I shall not, at this time, go into the causes of this
war; I have attempted that on a' former occasion.
I endeavored at that time to show that revolution-
ary Texas never extended beyond the immediate
vailey of the Nueces; that the whole valley of the
Rio Grande west of the desert, was in possession
of Mexico; that she had military posts there; that
she had custom-houses east of the river, where our
merchants and traders had long been in the habit
of paying duties to the Mexican Government; that
Santa Fe had frequently been rccogmsed by every
department of our Government as a Mexican city,
and that we had a consul residing there at the com-
mencement of hostilities; and that the Executive,
knowing these facts, invaded that country, threat-
ened Matamoros, and, by blockading the Rio
Grande, cut off the supplies of the Mexican army
stationed at Matamoros, on the west side of (he
river,and thus commenced an aggressive war, with-
out the authority of Congress. These positions
have been distinctly taken, by myself and others
on this floor, in the very facc of the President's
friends, and they have been challenged tu n-fut«
them. And what have they done ? Just nothing.
Some have attempted to meet these positions by
reference to a treaty with Santa Ana, which ne\er
had an existence; others by referring to old pre-
tended claims, which if they ever had any validity,
were long since relinquished by solemn treaty!
