APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'[Feb. 13,
&9th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Hudson.
Ho. of Reps.
tate. Suppose, in the case before us, that Mexico
should declare to us, and to the world, that she
was disposed to treat with us on the most favor-
rable terms—terms perfectly satisfactory to nine-
tenths of our people—and that the President, mad
.with ambition, should spurn the offer, and de-
clare that he would not desist from a vigorous
prosecution of the war, until he had extermina-
ted the whole race, and possessed their entire
country; is there a man on this floor who would
not feel himself called upon to arrest this mad
scheme of Executive barbarity ? There would,
I trust, be but one opinion upon this subject.
If the President was deaf to the voice of remon-
strance, every member would feel himself impel-
led, by a sense of duty, by the dictates'of human-
ity, by his constitutional obligations, to refuse to
the Executive the means of prosecuting such a
war. Now, this is yielding the whole principle.
This, I allow, would be an extreme case; but, if
Congress can withhold supplies in any ease, it ;
proves that they have the power, and, being the
sole judges of the exigency, they may exercise 1
this power whenever they deem it expedient.
I know the distinction which some gentlemen
take between a state of peace and a state of war.
They will admit that we are not bound to comply
with the requests of the President, in ordinary
eases, in times of peace; but when we are engaged
in war, the President, being commander-in-chief,
must be obeyed. I allow that he is commander-
in-chief, but of what ? Of the people in their civil
capacity ? Of Congress in their legislative charac-
ter? This is the length to which some gentlemen
would lead us; they would chain us to the con-
quering car of a military despot, and compel us to
follow him in his mad career of aggression and
conquest. Gentlemen, who boast of their democ-
racy, and who are so fond of proclaiming the
trite maxim, that the will of the people is the law
of the land, may give themselves up to Executive
dictation, and become the mere tools of their com-
mander-in-chief; but I have other and higher
duties to perform. I must exercise my own judg-
ment, and follow my own sense of duty. I admit
that there is a vast difference between a state of
peace and a state of war; but I have yet to learn
that we must bring to the Constitution of our coun-
try any rule of mteipretation in war that would
not be sound in time of peace. Congress is the
law-making power at all times—in war no less j
than in peace. There are strong reasons why Con- !
gress should be more watchful of their prerogative I
in war than in peace. War, from the necessity of;
the case, increases Executive patronage, andgreatly I
augments Executive power. This department of J
the Government is never so dangerous to our liber- i
ties as when clad in armor. It is then, more espe- jj
claily, that the people's representatives should take
an independent stand, and bring into exercise all
those checks and balances, which our patriot
fathers have wisely provided for in the Constitu-
tion.
Nothing can be more alarming—nothing more
dangerous to our liberties—than the views which
some gentlemen appear to entertain on this subject.
If we must give the President whatever he asks,
simply because we are engaged in war, it would be
an easy thing for some modern Csesar, or second
Napoleon, to raise himself to supreme command in
this nation. Suppose some master-spirit should be
raised to the Presidency, and he should aspire at
absolute power, what would it be necessary for
him to do ? Simply to involve the nation in a war,
and then Congress must give all the men and all
the money his ambition might require. He would, ji
under the pretence of" conquering a peace," aug- 1
, ment the military force under his command, until
he had a power sufficient to establish for himselfa
military despotism oil the ruins of our free institu-
tions. Gentlemen may smile at this, and think
there is no danger. So Rome thought when she
was granting supplies to Ocesar in Gaul; but. the
very force put into his hands enabled him to tri-
umph over her liberties.
But some gentlemen may say that we mistake i
the character of the law of war. When Congress
declare war, that becomes the law of the land—a
law which is not repealable by Congress like other
statutes. I know, sir, tins position is substantially
true; 1 am aware that when war is made, it can
only be compktely terminated by a treaty of peace,
and that in this treaty, the President has the initia-
tive. But this very fact shows the necessity of
our acting with great caution, both in declaring
war, and in granting means for its prosecution.
The very fact that war increases Executive power,
should teach us not to surrender to him powers not
granted by the Constitution. It also admonishes
us so to exercise our prerogative over the sinews of
war, as to maintain a just balance of power. But
we are told that the laws of war must be obeyed
by the people and the people's Representatives. I
readily admit that we must obey all laws, and sub-
mit to all legal authority. But I should like to
know what law we violate, when we deny to the
President any grant he may ask of us ? Is there
any law, fundamental or otherwise, which requires
us to do his bidding in all things? I should like
to be informed, by some of my good Democratic
friends, what law they violated, when they voted
down the bill providing for a lieutenant-general;
or whether they can be regarded as law-breakers, :
because they rejected the Executive recommenda- j
tion of a tax upon tea and coffee? Or, suppose '•
they had succeeded in converting the ten regiment j
bill into a grant to employ volunteers, rather than |
regulars, would they stand justly charged with j
violating the laws of the land ?
The fact is, Congress has full jurisdiction over
this whole subject, in war and in peace; and may,
grant to the Executive what means they may judge
proper. They violate no law in granting supplies; j
they violate no law in withholding them. They
must exercise their discretion in all cases. They j
have the same power, the same constitutional I
right, to withhold from the Executive twenty j
millions of dollars for prosecuting the Mexican >
war, that they would have to withhold the like
sum for extending the Cumberland road, or for ■
carrying out Whitney's project of a railroad to the :
Pacific. If we must obey the President m his
military demands, why not in his civil ? He has '
the same power over the raising of a revenue, that
he has over the mode of spending it; and if we
must grant ten, fifty, or a hundred thousand men,
because the President desires it, we must lay and
collect taxes, regulate commerce, establish post
roads, and do all other things that can lawfully be
done, far the same reason. We must make and
unmake tariffs, pass or repeal subtreasuries, allow
or reject the private claims of our citizens, just as
it may please our lord and master. And, Mr.
Chairman, has it come to this, that all the powers
of this Government are centred in one man ? Are
the people to be insulted in this manner? Are they
graciously allowed to play the farce of choosing
their own Representatives, and sending them here
simply to register Executive edicts? Is this body
to be shorn of all its prerogatives and powers?
Must we do the bidding of James K. Polk in all I
things ? Is he to dictate to us the policy we must <
adopt in relation to the all-absorbing question of
the Mexican war? j
" Befoie his pride must his superiors fall, j
His word the law, and he the lord of all ?" '
Yes, Mr. Chairman, this is the doctrine which 1
has been unblushingly proclaimed on this floor. '
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wick,] told us '
the othej- day, that when he could not go with the
Democratic party, and do the bidding of the Ex- i
ecutive, he should feel it his duty to resign, and let
his constituents send a member here who would. '
This avowal was so gross, that I believe no one
has as yet openly endorsed it. But if we analyze i
this matter, it will be found to be nothing more ;
nor less than the doctrine advanced here, that we ;
have no power or right to withhold supplies, but 1
must grant whatever the President may please to ;
ask. But I will not dwell longer upon this despotic j
doctrine. It is totally unworthy of a free gov- '
ernment. It would not be tolerated in the limited
monarchies of Europe for a single moment. Let '
the ministry advance this doctrine of passive obe- '
dience in the French Chambers, or the English !
Parliament, and it would produce a storm winch |
all their influence could not control. And why I
should this despotic doctrine be tolerated here, in
this land of civil liberty ? The right of withhold- i
mg supplies is an essential ingredient in a free
government. It is a popular right—the people's 1
best security. Upon them must fall all the bur-
dens of the war; and their voice should be heard j
in relation to its prosecution. This doctrine lies
at the foundation of our institutions. It is sacred
to all freemen, and formidable to tyrants only.
I have endeavored, Mr. Chairman, and, I think,
successfully, to Show that Congress has the con-
stitutional right to withhold supplies from the
Administration in time of war. I admit that with-
holding supplies is rather an extreme measure.
It is like the veto power of the President—a power
never designed for ordinary exercise. I am no
advocate for lawless opposition to any Adminis-
tration. I would justify no factious act. The
question before us is, whether, on a full view of
the whole ground, the present case will justify the
exercise of this lawful prerogative. Every one
who has paid any attention to the progress of our
institutions, must have witnessed the constant in-
crease of Executive prerogative and power. The
veto power has now become an ordinary power in
the hands of the President, and no Chief Magis-
trate has ever been guilty of a greater abuse of it
than the present incumbent of the White House.
This abuse of the veto power justly merits the
rebuke of Congress. But his conduct in relation
to this war is still more reprehensible. And it
becomes those to whom the people have intrusted
their rights to assert their prerogative, and curb
the mad ambition of the Executive. I would not
withhold supplies on any ordinary occasion. But
I maintain that the present is not an ordinary oc-
casion. The President, who had sworn to support
a Constitution which denies to him the war-making
power, by giving it to Congress alone, ordered
our army into the territory of a nation with which
we were at peace, and thus commenced hostilities
without the consent of Congress, though they
were then in session, and could have been con-
sulted at any moment. We have seen the Presi-
dent, after he had commenced this unnecessary
war, come before the very Congress whose prerog-
ative he had invaded, with a declaration that
" Mexico had invaded the United States, and shed
American blood upon American soil"—a declara-
tion which has been shown over and over again
to be totally at variance with the facts in the case.
In his Message of May 11, 1846, the President
gave every assurance that he had no designs of
conquest, but simply sought an honorable peace.
" I deem it proper to declare," says he, " that it
' is my anxious desire not only to terminate hos-
' tilities speedily, but to bring all matters in dispute
' between this Government and Mexico to an early
' and amicable adjustment." But as early as May
15th, only four days after the President's assu-
rance of a desire for peace, his Secretary of the
Navy, Mr. Bancroft, in his orders to Commodore
Sloat, discloses the intention of the Government to
seize and hold California; and he directs him to
"conciliate the confidence of the people m Cali-
' fornia, and also in Sonora, towards the Govern-
< ment of the United States; and to endeavor to
' render their relations with the United States as
1 friendly as possible." On the 8th of June, Mr.
Bancroft instructs the Commodore as follows: "It
' is rumored that the province of California is well
' disposed to accede to friendly relations with the
' United States. You will encourage the people
' in that region to enter into relations of amity
' with our country. You will take such measures
' as will best promote the attachment of the people
' of California to the United States, will advance
' their prosperity, and will make that vast region a
' desirable place of residence for emigrants from our
'soil." The Secretary of War, Mr. Marcy, gives
similar instructions to General Kearny, as early
as June 3, 1S4C; and the famous letter of Mr.
Marcy to Colonel Stevenson, in relation to his
California regiment, establishes the general policy
of the Administration, and shows that two days
after the declaration of war the President had re-
solved to make it a war of conquest.
The very fact that the war has been prosecuted
in the remote and sparsely populated province of
California, proves most conclusively that conquest
alone is the object. Why attempt " to make that
vast region a desirable place of residence for emi-
grants from our soil," unless it was to be added to
the United States? It would do nothing towards
subduing Mexico, to take possession of that dis-
tant province; and hence we are b<jund to believe,
that its capture was designed as a means of holdin°-
and possessing it. In fact, Mr. Secretary Ban"
croft, in his letter to Commodore Sloat of July
