1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Hudson.
New Series No. S4.
]2th, declares, that it is important to have the ter-
ritory in our possession at the time of a treaty,
that it may be left in our hands. " The object of
the United States," says he, " has reference to ul>
timate peace with Mexico; and if, at tha,t peace,
the basis of the uti possidetis should be established,
the Government expects, through your forces, to
be found in actual possession of Tipper California."
If there was any other evidence necessary, that the
war is one of aggression and conquest, it will be
found in the message of the President at the open-
ing of the session. He tells us expressly, that
Mexico must pay the expense of the war. But
how will she be able to do that? She has failed to
pay the instalments on the indemnity due to our citi-
zens from pecuniary inability, and does the Presi-
dent expect that she will make so much by the
war, as to enable her to pay some fifty or sixty
millions in gold and silver? Does he not know
that she has nothing but territory with which to
pay the expenses of the war ? Has he not himself
informed us, that she is too poor to make a treaty?
And does he not, on that ground, ask Congress to
put three millions into his hands, that he may be
enabled to bribe the government and the soldiers,
so that they may be kept quiet till a treaty can be
made and ratified ? The declaration of the Presi-
dent, that Mexico must indemnify us for the ex-
penses of the war, amounts to a declaration, that
we are prosecuting the war for acquisition of ter-
ritory, and that he will not make peace till Mexico
consents to the dismemberment of her republic.
This war is rendered extraordinary, not only
xfrom its unconstitutional commencement and ag-
gressive character, but also from the prospect of
success with which it is attended. I know the
bravery of our troops; I allow the skill of our offi-
cers; they can perform anything but impossibili-
ties; but nature has set bounds to all human efforts.
Mexico has a population of ten or eleven millions,
feeing about half that of ours; and this population
is spread over a territory one-third larger than that
of the United States. "A nation which acts upon
the defensive, has always an advantage over the
invaders. Nature has also guarded Mexico at al-
most every point. If we attack her from the Gulf,
we have to encounter all the perils of a dangerous
sea and a pestilential shore, if we attempt to pen-
etrate into her country, we meet with her arid
plains and dangerous mountain passes—bulwarks
prepared by nature for her defence. At one sea-
son of the year the "windows of heaven areopen-
ed," and the almost incessant rains forbid military
operations; at another, the <£ rivers are turned into
a wilderness, the water springs intp dry ground,
thereby subjecting-an invading army to hunger,
thirst, and almost every privation. The habits of
that people also adapt them to a wandering life,
and enable them to subsist where our army would
perish, unless supplied with provisions from their
own country. With all these obstacles in our
way, and all these natural advantages in their favor,
we carry on the contest at fearful odds.
Thus tar, we have been victorious in every bat-
tle; but what have we gained ? We have marched
several hundred miles into the enemy's country,
far away from our supplies, and have just armed
at a point wheie victory yields us no particular ad-
vantage, and where defeat would be rum. Every
city we capture swallows up a portion of our army,
and diminishes our ability to proceed. Every step
we advance takes us fartlier from our supplies, and
renders our position more dangerous. And while
ail these causes are impediments in our way, and
expose us to new dangers, they operate in favor of |
our enemy. This very invasion has given union j
to their councils, stability to their Government, I
and desperation to their troops. While our troops
are dragging their lives out in a foreign war, these
despised Mexicans are fighting for their own coun-
try—the land of their birth—for their homes, their
firesides, and, above all, for their religion.
It is not possible, sir, to conquer such a people,
' if they are only united and determined.- You may
march into their country; you may capture their
towns; you may route theii armies, and lay waste
their villages; but you cannot conquer them. If
your force is large, they will cut oft" your supplies
and starve you into submission; if your force is
small, they will cut you off' in detail.
What prospect, then, have we for success in this
foreign war of conquest in which we are now en-
24
gaged? What has been our success thus far? We
have conquered in every battle; we have gained
three victories; we have marched far into the coun-
try, and, to all human appearances, we are farther
from a peace than we were when the first gun was
fired. We have called out some twenty-five thou-
sand volunteers, and have employed our regular
army, and (to «ay nothing of our naval disasters)
what have we gained? We have had victories
without advantages?. We have taught the Mexicans
that they cannot compete with us in the open field,
and theyhave taught us that we are not a match
for them in guerrilla warfare. We have been teach-
ing them the art of war; we have made them ac-
quainted with our tactics; we have shown them
where their weakness and where their strength
lies, and they appear to be profiting by the lesson.
And, on our part, we have learned a lesson which
should prove a salutary one. We havg learned
that pestilence and the sword will decimate our
forces every three months, and thus thin our ranks
some thirty-five per cent, in a year. Our late as-
sociate, Colonel Baker, declared, in his speech on
this floor, that of his regiment of 820, about 100
had left their bones in the valley of the Rio Grande,
and that about 200 more, worn down by hardships
and emaciated by disease, had been dismissed to
perish by the way, or to find their graves with
their friends at home; that all this mortality had
taken place in about six months, and that his'regi-
ment had never seen the foe. He also informed
us, that what was true of his regiment was gener-
ally true of other regiments of the volunteers.
We have a similar lesson from the answer of the
Adjutant General to a resolution of the House,
which was submitted a few days since. We are
informed by that document, that, in a period of
from sixty to ninety days after the volunteers had
joined the army in the field, their numbers were
reduced by desertion 331; by death in battle 76;
by disease 637; and by discharges, in consequence
of sickness and disability, between two and three
thousand; making, in all, 4,100 men; being at the
rate of 20 per cent, in two and a half months, or
about 80 per cent, per annum. This estimate does !
not include the sick which remain with the army.
iNTo doubt the ppriod of the year covered by this re-
turn, is more sickly than the year would average.
But, from the best information I am able to obtain,
I think we may safely calculate that our army in
Mexico will be reduced 40 per cent, per annum;
one-half by deaths from the sword and disease, and
the other half from sickness and debility of such
a character as would justify a discharge. Many
of those dischaiged would perish before they could
reach their homes, and others might reach their
friends mere walking skeletons, showing the glory
of a campaign of conquest.
Military men, and those best acquainted with 1
the country and its defences, are of the opinion, j
that to prosecute the war with vigor, would require '
a force of sixty or seventy thousand on the land, !
to say nothing of our naval force in the Gulf and [
on the Pacific. This force, in a single year, would
be reduced nearly one-half by death and disease;
and, after leaving a sufficient garrison at Matamo-
ros, Camaigo, Monterey, Sdltillo, Victoria, Turn-
pico, San Luis Potosi, Vera Cruz, and other places
in your rear, you would hardly have twenty-five
thousand with which to commence your march for
the halls of the Montezumas How many of
these would fall in the mountain passes, those ,
Thermopylses of Mexico, before reaching the fa- !
mous city, and how many would be lost in the ■
attempt to possess it, it is impossible to say; but,
judging from the resistance at Monterey, we have
ieason"to believe that our victories would be dear-
ly bought. In such an enterprise, we should be j
successful or unsuccessful. If victory crowned ;
our arms, we should be in possession of the capi- ;!
tal of that republic; but what then? If the Moxi- -
cans were united and determined to resist, this !
would do nothing towards subduing them. We '
should be m the heart of their country, where they j
could cut off our supplies, and perhaps destroy our '
army. Our military commanders mis:ht "revel in .
the halls of the Montezumas," as Napoleon did
in the Kremlin of the Czars, but Mexico mhrht ■
prove to us what Moscow did to the French in that
eventful campaign. Success in reaching the city
might prove to us as it did to Napoleon in that case \
—the destruction of all our hopes, and the loss of 1
our gallant army. But, if we should be unsuc-
cessful in our attack upon the city of Mexico, our
army would probably be cut off. Once routed,
we should find but little mercy from the Mexican
population in our rear. They would rise as one
man, and wreak their vengeance upon our flyiag
forces.
I am fully aware that the idea of defeat hardly
enters into the calculation of those who are warmly
devoted to this war. They speak of the prowess
of this nation, as though we could successfully
meet the world in arms. I am not insensible of
our power in a war of defence—fighting for our
own soil and institutions, our homes and altars,
we should be invincible. But when we engage in
a war of conquest, prosecuted far from our own
country, and in the heart of the enemy's, the case
is entirely different. The example of Napoleon in
Russia, to which we have already alluded, should
make us pause. The war prosecuted by Napoleon
in Spain is an example in point; and Mexico or
New Spain may prove to us what old Spain did to
the well-appointed armies of that mighty captain.
We may rake possession of the cities of Mexico,
and hold them as the French have held Algiers for
the last fifteen years; and we may find, as France
has, that the possession is not worth the cost. We
may prosecute the war as we did the war in Florida,
at great expense of blood and treasure; and the
glory which will encircle our brow in the one case,
will be as great as it has proved in the other. With
an adequate force in Mexico, we may expect to
lose twenty thousand, annually, during the was.
And who can be indifferent to this wanton sacri-
fice of human life? Will the moral and religious
feelings of our people acquiesce in such a murder-
ous policy for the unholy purposes of conquest?
Is new slave territory to be purchased at such a
sacrifice of blood? The very idea is revolting.
If we believe in an overruling Providence—if we
allow that God rules in the armies of Heaven, and
among the inhabitants of the earth, and punishes
nations for their sins, may we not fear that his
judgments will fall upon this people3 Can we ex-
pect that the God of Battles will crown our arms
with ultimate success ? We may be prospered for
a season; we may go on conquering and to con-
quer, till the measure of our iniquity is full; but
the time will come, when this insatiate lust for do-
minion, this disregard of the principles of justice
and humanity, will bring upon this nation the
calamities which have befallen other republics.
We sec in the case before us a fruitful source of
discord. The war was commenced for the conquest
of territory to convert into slave States. The most
that the Administration desire in the first instance,
is to acquire the territory. The South declare upon
this floor that if territory is acquired, it must be
slave territory; that they will not submit to be sur-
rounded by a cordon of free States. On the other
hand, the North have resolved,and finnly resolved,
that not another foot of slave territory shall be ad-
ded to the Union. Here, then, an issue is directly
made, and I have no doubt but that the North will
be found true to her principles, when the day of
trial comes. You may flatter yourselves with the
prospect of buying up northern votes; you may
find men here who will betray their friends, and
attempt to commit their constituents; but when
they return to their homes, and submit their claims
to their constituents, they will find an indignant
and betrayed people ready to give them the trai-
tor's due. I should like to know whether the
honest yeomanry of Pennsylvania will allow their
representatives on this floor to disregaid their feel-
ings with impunity, and trample the resolves of
their Legislature in the dust.
I tell you, Mr. Chairman, that the North will^
stand fivm. You cannot judge of the present by
the past. Within two years there has been a rad-
ical change in public sentiment in the free States.
The Texas outrage, followed by this iniquitous
war, both for the extension of slavery, has brought
the peoole to their senses. From the State of
Maine, from the granite hills of New Hampshire,
from united New England, the word has gone
fortli, and the glorious response from New York,
from Pennsylvania, from Ohio, leaves no doubt on
the subject of public feeling. The sentiment is
' deep-looted; it is a strong religious conviction that
' slavery is a curse, and is at war with the best in-
terests of our country and of humanity. A great
