370
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
■29th Cong.....2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Hudson.
Ho. of Reps.
moral revolution has commenced, and such revo-
lutions can never go backward. They have seen
this Administration breaking through the barriers
of the Constitution to sustain and extend slavery,
and the people in the free States have resolved that
the evil shall extend no farthe'r. X say to the South
in all frankness, you will find northern sentiment
immovable on this subject, " as firm as nature, and
as fixed as fate." And I will say to these Demo-
crats of the North, who are fawning around this
weak Administration, and betraying northern in-
terests, they may pick the crumbs which fall from
the Executive table—you are treasuring up for
yourselves wrath against the day of wrath. You
may league all your forces with those of the Presi-
dent, you may give him all the aid in your power,
in the prosecution of this war of conquest, that the
free territory of Mexico may be brought into this
Union to increase the slave power, but your labor
will be fruitless. You may atthis time meet with
partial success; you may vote down the anti-
slavery proviso, but it will rise again and haunt
you like the ghost of Banquo. Another Congress
will be here before this subject can be finally dis-
posed of; and, being more fresh from the people
than yourselves, they will speak a different lan-
guage. You may attempt another compromise
with slavery, but the people will discard it. You
may makeacovenant with that institution, and bind
yourselves to its support, but I tell you, in the
strong language of the Hebrew prophet, "Your
covenant with death shall be disannulled, your
agreement with hell shall not stand; when the over-
flowing scourge shall pass through, then ye shall
be trodden down by it."
Do not all these considerations, sir, show that
the war in which we are engaged is one of no ordi-
nary character. I have attempted to show, and I
think not without success, that the war is aggres-
sive on our part; that it was commenced by the
Executive m contravention of the Constitution, and
that without any just cause; that it is prosecuted
for the unholy purpose of dismembering Mexico,
that her territory may be brought into the Union
as slave States, thereby giving the South a per-
petual preponderance m our national councils; that
the war must be attended with a vast sacrifice of
blood and treasure; that defeat may ultimately be-
fal our army; and that success might bring into the
Union a question more dangerous to our peace than
any army of Mexico—more fatal to our Union
than all other causes combined. I have also at-
tempted to show that the President, deaf to public
sentiment and public remonstrance, seems deter-
mined to prosecute this unjust and aggressive war,
regardless of consequences. It seems to me that
if there ever was a case which required the inter
ferenee of Congiess, this is that ease. If we, as
Representatives of the people, have the right to
control the means, the circumstances connected
with this war and the character of the war itself
demand the exercise of this right.
On a subject of this magnitude every one must
judge for himself. I am not authorized to speak I
for others, though I know that many others con- i
cur with me in opinion. 1 must act on my own [
responsibility, and I cheerfully accord the same !
liberty to others. Nor is it, perhaps, strange that
there should be a difference of opinion in relation '
to this policy. Those who believe that the war is |
just, that it is prosecuted wisely, with a good pros- S
pect of success, that dismembering Mexico is a !
justifiable object, and that it will prove a blessing to [
this country, will of course see no reason why they j
should restrain the Executive by withholding sup- I
plies. But those who entertain the opposite^opin- I
ion—who regard the war as unnecessary and 1
^injust—who believe that the dismemberment of !
Mexico would be an outrage, and bnnsin«r terri-
tory into the Union by conquest will endanger its
existence—must, as it seems to me, see no reason :
why they should not take measures to arrest tin's .
evil and avert this calamity. I can judge only for
myself; but I am free to declare, that believing as i
I do that the whole affair is politically and morally
wrong, I could not justify myself in giving to the
President the means of bringing dishonor upon
our national character and of endangering the
peace of the Union by attempting to extend the
institution of slavery. I feel that I should be guilty
of gross inconsistency, of unmanly cowardice, of
a political and moral wrong, of a sin in the sight
of God, if I lent my influence to the'prosecution of
such a war.? As a faithful Representative, as one
sworn to support the Constitution, and to promote
the best interests of my country, I cannot, I will
not do it, come what may.
But I may be asked, whether I will desert my
country in the hour of her pferil, whether I feel in-
different to the glory of our country and the honor
of her flag? Mr. Chairman, I owe allegiance to
my country, and instead of deserting her in the
hour of her peril, I cling to her the stronger as her
dangers increase. A fond regard for my country
has induced me at this time to speak in her behalf,
and to utter sentiments which I know will not be
approved by some of my personal and political
friends. I see her in danger. Her Constitution
has been assailed; its sacred principles have been
violated by one who has been placed as their guar-
dian. Tiie Executive has invaded the sacred pre-
rogative of Congress by exercising the war-making
power. I see the Constitution in danger in an-
other respect. We have been told on this floor by
several gentlemen that the Executive is supreme
in time of war, and that we are bound to give him
whatever he may ask. Here again I believe that
my country is in danger of having her fundamental
law so interpreted as to convert her form of gov-
ernment into a military despotism. And in such
an hour of danger I should be recreant to duty did
I not raise my feeble voice in her behalf and in be-
half of her free institutions. I have, I trust, a just
sense of the honor of my country, and hence I wish
to save her from disgrace. I believe that her fair
'! fame has been tarnished by being plunged into an
un just war, a war of conquest and aggrandizement,
!: and my regard for her honor induces me to do all
!j in my power to rescue her from infamy. I desire
! the honor of her flag, and hence I deeply regret
|i that it has been unfurled in any but a righteous
;! cause. I hope that that proud banner may ever
ij float " o'er the land of the free and the home of
the brave," and hence I regret that it has been un-
furled in a foreign land.
But some gentlemen speak of the honor of our
flag, as though it could only be sustained by rush-
ing madly into the very heart of Mexico. I would
sustain the'honorof our flag by bringing it within
our own territory. I would plant it upon our own
soil, and, as far as I have the power, I would there
sustain it; I would suffer no foreign foe to trail it
jl in the dust. I believe that the glory of the country
ll and the honor of the flag require that our troops
ij should be recalled from Mexico, and brought with-
I; in our own borders. I fear no disgrace from such
' a course. I would have this great nation act wor-
thy of herself. I would have her proclaim at once
to Mexico, and through her to the world, that we
are not actuated by ambition; that we have no de-
signs upon the integrity of her territory; that we
seek nothing but peace on just and honorable
terms. I would, on such an announcement, with-
draw our army, and propose negotiation for peacc,
on the condition that, in case of disagreement, the
subject should be submitted to arbitration. Would
the honor of the country suffer by a course like
this ? Would it not, on the contrary, be the bright-
est page in our history, and do more than a thou-
. sand victories to elevate us among the nations of
| the earth ? No nation would ascribe such a course
| to cowardice, but rather to magnanimity—to true
: greatness. Such an example would be worth more
; to this country, and to the world, than all the
| wealth of the mines of Mexico.
! But gentlemen would have us understand that
the honor of the country would be tarnished, and
; the glory of our arms dimmed by a recall of our
; troops. But what do these guardians of our na-
; tion's honor ask us to do ? Why, to nut three mil-
lions of dollars into the hands of the President, that
he may buy a peace with Mexico; that he may
i bribe Santa Ana and some of his rival chiefs to
■ give us a peacc, so that we may safely bring our
| army within our own borders. This, then, is the
■ glory to which some gentlemen asnire '—this the
] deathless renown they would procure for our
| arms! Away with this senseless declamation about
I the honor ofour country and the glory of our flag.
I our Democratic friends arc so jealous of our
| country's honor, let them pass in review the con-
1 duct of their own President. Mr. Calhoun, as we
have already seen, in his report recommending the
war of 1812, places the sending of a British agent
here in time of peace, to foment discontent and to
produce disunion, among the greatest insults and
grossest outrages of which a nation could be guilty.
And yet the President of the United States virtu-
ally confesses that he has been guilty of a similar
outrage against a sister republic. The President
informs us that, on the thirteenth of May last—
the very day on which war was declared against
Mexico—he gave orders to Commodore Connor
to let Santa Ana pass through the fleet into Mex-
ico, in the belief that he woufd produce discord
and revolution, which might prove beneficial to us.
But on what ground did he found these expecta-
tions? On intrigues entered into with Santa Ana
in time of peace. The President says: "Informa-
4 tion that he (Santa Ana) was hostile to the es-
* tablishment of a monarchy and to European in-
' terference in the affaiis of his country, had been
4 received, from sources believed.to be reliable, at
< the date of the recognition of war by Congress,
' and was afterwards fully confirmed by the receipt
4 of the despatch of our consul in the city of Mexi-
i co." So that it appears that the President,
through his agents, had been plotting with the
treacherous Santa Ana to revolutionize a country
with which we were at peace !—had been guilty of
an outrage such as Mr. Calhoun declared to be a
just cause of war! And now the servile tools of
this same Executive have such profound regard
for the honor of our country, that they cannot con-
sent to have our army withdrawn from a foreign
soil!
But we have been asked whether we would with-
hold supplies, and so permit our gallant little army
to suffer for the want of clothing and provisions.
All such inquiries are founded in gross ignorance,
or else are designed to mislead the public. I would
vote all money necessary to pay debts which have
been already contracted, so that third persons
should not suffer. I would sustain the plighted
faith of the nation in every case of that character.
But the general appropriation bills are prospective
m their operation. The thirty millions we are
asked to appropriate for the army does not take
effect till the first of July next, and extends to July,
1848. It is entirely piospective, and has reference
to the prosecution of the war seventeen months
hence. By withholding this appropriation, or by
reducing it one-half, we should not injure those
gallant men now in the field. We should simply
prevent the Executive from sending thousands of
others to that land of pestilence and death. As far
as men and money should be necessary to bring
off our army in safety, I would cheerfully grant
them. And even in a military point of view, I
would withdraw our army to our own territory.
In that event, our old standing force of eight or
ten thousand would be amply sufficient to guard
ourfrontier. All our volunteer force might at once
be dismissed, and the expenses of the war reduced
more than three-fifths.
And why may not such a step be taken ? A
vast majority of the people in the United States
would approve of it, and it commends itself to a
majority of this House. I am firmly of the opin-
ion, from what I have heard myself, and learned
from others, that if the gentlemen on this floor
would forget their party ties, and summon moral
courage sufficient to enable them to follow their
own judgment, we could pass a resolution this day,
recommending to the President to recall our mili-
tary force from the soil of Mexico. But, Mr.
Chairman, we have fallen upon evil times. The
ties of party are stronger, I fear, than the love of
country. Many, very many, advocate the prose-
cution of the war, when, at the same time, they
condemn and loathe it. Some of my own political
friends declare, that it is good policy to prosecute
the war, as it will effectually break down and use
up the present Administration. I believe, sir, most
sincerely, that the war will break down the pres-
ent Administration; but I cannot prosecute it for
such a purpose. I cannot entail upon posterity a
debt of one hundred millions of dollars for the
paltry purposes of party. I cannot sacrifice twen-
ty thousand of our citizens annually, for the pur-
pose of bringing more odium upon the present
occupant of the Presidential chair. ! never will
consent to play at a game where the lives of my
countrymen are the stakes.
But it is said that we should grant supplies, and
then hold the Administration responsible when the
