1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million BUI—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
war is over. Hold them responsible, when the
mischief is done, and the Administration has re-
tired ! I can conceive of nothing more preposter-
ous. If an injury is done to the country, that
injury cannot be repaired. Hold the President
responsible! Hold John Tyler responsible for his
Texas treaty! The fact is, that there is but little
responsibility in the Executive when he is in office,
and none at all when he has retired; and you might
with as much propriety talk of holding a bankrupt
responsible for a debt, as of holding any President
responsible after he has retired from office.
But it is said that we are in war and -must figlit
it out—we must have peace. I agree with gentle-
men that we are in war, an8 I go with them most
ardently in desiring peace. But the question is,
how shall it be obtained ? Fight it out, we are told.
If that was the only mode of obtaining peace, 1
might join in the cry. But it seems to me that we
are not brought to this extremity. Let us propose
to Mexico just and honorable terms of peace, and
if she refuses to treat, then there will be some pro-
priety in prosecuting the war. I am aware that it
will be said, that we have made overtures for
peace, and they have been rejected. We have
made no direct overtures that I am aware of. We
have made a proposition to open negotiations, but
it was attended by a condition totally unworthy of
this country or this age, viz., that we should con-
tinue prosecuting the war vigorously, not only till
the treaty was signed, but until it should be ratified
bij the Mexican, Government! The President had
no just reason to expect that Mexico would close
with such a proposition—a proposition which we
should have spurned with indignation, had it been
made to us.
Mr. Chairman, while I confess I see no reason
to expect a speedy return of peace, I believe that it
is in the power of this Congress to arrest this war
within three months; and thus bring, not only the
blessings of peace, hut lasting honor upon our
country. I would adopt a joint resolution advising
the President to announce to Mexico and tiie world
that we have no desire to despoil her of her pos-
sessions; that we ask nothing but a settlement of
our boundary on fair and liberal terms, and the
payment of the indemnity justly due to our citi-
zens; that we will at once withdraw our army from
her territory, and, on her consenting to treat, our
fleet should be withdrawn from her ports. Let
this fair and honorable proposition be made to
Mexico, and I have no doubt but that she would
accept it. She would see at once that it was
favorable to both parties, and, believing it to be our
ultimatum, she would expect nothing better. The
great nations of Europe, England and France,
would use their influence to induce her to comply;
and thus friendly relations would be restored be-
tween the two great North American republics.
But I fear that other counsels will prevail; that
thirst for dominion will overcome our love of jus-
tice; that a false sense of honor will lead us on in
the unholy work of human butchery, and that our
young men, by tens of thousands, are yet to perish
ill the " high places of the field," to gratify the
mad ambition of a weak and wicked Administra-
tion. For one, I will wash my hand of " blood
unprofitably shed;" and will do all in my power to
avert the awful calamity which the prosecution of
an unrightous war may bring upon the nation. If
Jefferson, in his day, was compelled to say, in
view of the existence of slavery, "I tremble for i
my country, when I reflect that God is just;" ;
what must be the apprehension of the Christian j
statesman, when he contemplates this^ great re-
public, boasting of its freedom, exerting its powers
to dismember a free republic in order to extend
slavery over a territory now free—a territory as
large as the old thirteen States!
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. A. STEWART,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Three Million Ap-
propriation Bill—
Mr. STEWART said he proposed, in the first
place, to inquire briefly into the true purposes and
objects of this bill; for it seemed to him, that in
the course of the present debate, almost everything
else had been discussed but the bill itself. This
bill grants the President what he demands, three
millions of dollars to make a treaty with Mexico,
and authorizes him to pay the money before the
treaty is submitted to or approved by the Senate;
and the Senate are thus required to ratify this
treaty before they see it, or know what it is. Is
it not, in effect, a ratification of the treaty before-
hand? How can the Senate object to the treaty,
no matter what is its character or provisions, after
having authorized the payment of .the three mil-
lions in advance? If they do, the money will be
lost, and lost by their act, in authorizing its pre-
vious payment. He contended, therefore, that any
treaty which the President might choose to make
for the acquisition of Mexican territory, would in
effect be at once binding upon this Government.
Let this bill once be passed, and I say that neither
this House, nor the Senate, can, with any consist-
ency, object to the treaty. The appropriating
power is the only control this House can exert over
the Executive in the making and executing of
treaties. This, it is proposed to exercise before-
hand, and thus surrender to the President the
whole control of the treaty-making power. By
this act, we tie our hands and seal our Hps. We
have no right to object to anything the President
may do, and this is jnanifestly the object and
design of this bill. In originating the present
war without consulting Congress, then in session,
the whole war power of this Government has been
practically usurped by the President. He has car-
ried it out, in fact. He has made war while Con-
gress was in session, without submitting the causes
to their consideration, or asking or obtaining their
concurrence. He did not ask us to declare war,
but ordered the army to advance and bring on the
war, and then called upon us to " recognise its
existence," and appropriate money and men for
I its prosecution. Having thus seized upon the
war-making power, he now wants us to surrender
to him the treaty-makingpoweralso. As he began
the war without the consent of Congress, so now
he wants the means of making a peace without
the aid or concurrence of either the House or the
Senate.
By this law we authorize him to pay Santa Ana,
or anybody else, three millions to purchase a peace,
which he has failed to conquer. And, if the Sen-
ate shall refuse to ratify it, the three millions are
gone ! This bill empowers the President to make
a treaty when, how, and with whom he pleases.
If he shall be pleased to make a treaty exchanging
Oregon for California, to give northern for south-
ern territory, to surrender free territory for the
acquisition of slave territory, and give these three
millions to boot as earnest money, what right has
the Senate to object? If they do, may not the Presi-
ident say, "What! do you object to the treaty?
Did you not authorize me by law to make a treaty
that should put an end to this war, and did you not
give me three millions to do it? I made the treaty;
Mexico has ratified it. I have paid her the three
millions, and she has paid it to her army; and now,
if you refuse to ratify it, the money is a dead loss,
and worse, it has gone to 1 aid and comfort the
enemy.' "
To obviate this objection, I have moved an
amendment in the eleventh line of the second sec-
tion of the bill, inserting after " ratified by Mex-
ico," the words, " and the United States." This
will, if adopted, keep the money in our own hands
until the treaty has been approved by the Senate.
But, if the amendment be adopted, the real intent
and object of this bill will be defeated. Forif you
postpone, as you ought clearly to do, the payment
, of the money till the treaty is ratified by the Sen-
ate, what is the use of passing this bill? Cannot
j Congress appropriate the money simultaneously
i with°the approval and ratification of the treaty'
Certainly.
My objection to this bill is this, that, having
surrendered the war power to the President—hav-
in°" given up to him both the purse and the sword—
I cannot consent, by this bill, to surrender to him
the treaty-making power also, thus enabling him
to impose on Congress and the country just such a
treaty as suits himself. Is this to be tolerated' I
trust not, unless it is resolved by the majority here
to convert this free Government into a despotism,
and sacrifice our liberties on the altar of arbitrary
power.
I have voted, and I intend to vote, for all the
men, money, and measures, may be necessary,
in my judgment, to bring this unhappy war to a
speedy and an honorable conclusion; but this bill
goes too far. I am ready to do whatever is proper
and necessary to strengthen the Executive arm in
maintaining the honor and interests of the country;
but this bill proposes a surrender of more power
into the hands of the Executive than I can consent
to grant. So much for the bill and its objects.
And now in regard to this Wilrnot proviso.
What is it? It is a proposition to prohibit the ex-
tension of slavery in the new territory we may ac-
quire with these three millions of dollars, and
which is now free territory. Where can be the
objection to an object like this? Gentlemen say
that this is not the time; that this is not the place;
that it is a mere abstraction, and will have no
practical operation. But I say it will have a prac-
tical and most salutary operation, as I shall show
directly. But even if it were an abstraction—if it
were merely a declaratory resolution, saying that
Congress is in favor of liberty, and opposed to
slavery—how would gentlemen vote? Shall this
American Congress, which claims to represent the
freest people on earth, dwelling in the home, trie
citadel, the cherished land of liberty, vote that we
are in favor of slavery ? Let the South so vote, if
they choose; he did not blame southern men for
maintaining their own side of the question; but let
northern men beware. For his own part, while
he would faithfully abide by all the compromises
of the Constitution, while he would not invade,
in the slightest degree, any of the constitutional
rights of the South, he would never extend, by any
vote of his, slavery over one foot of territoiy now
free.
I will, then, vote for this proviso, not only be-
cause I think it right in itself, but because I he-
lieve it will have a more powerful effect.in resto-
ring peace than any other measure that can be
adopted—peace abroad and peace at home. I beg
gentlemen to recollect that the acquisition of terri-
tory was the original design, and is now the de-
clared object and purpose, of this war. The ac-
quisition of New Mexico and California is, we are
now told on all sides, the object of this appropria-
tion. It was for this purpose that James K. Polk
brought the war on in the first instance. It was a
, scheme, a notable scheme, for the acquisition of
I territory by conquest; but that object was to be
| concealed, and therefore he began the war without
saying a word to Congress about it. He feared
they would not sanction his scheme, and bring on
a war for such a purpose. Here was the great er-
ror committed by the President—"a blunder worse
than a crime." When Mexico refused to recog-
nise our minister, the President, instead of sending
his army to the Rio Grande to bring on the war,
should have sent his message to Congress, setting
forth the causes, and recommending, if he chose,
a declaration of war; and then, if Congress had
declared wsir, it would hare been constitutionally
declared by the people's representatives, and thev
would have cheerfully sustained it. But, instead
of adopting this course, though Congress was in
session at the time, he ordered his army to march
from Corpus Christi (where he himself says it had
been posted for more than six months, without
objection or molestation from Mexico) to the Rio
Grande, into the disputed territory, directly oppo-
, site to Matamoros, a Mexican town, blockading
! the river, cutting off their supplies, and erecting a
S battery within gunshot of the city itself—all act of
war, and producing war as a necessary and inev-
; itable consequence. It did produce war. Battle
1 were fought. Our brave little army was cut off
] from its supplies; and, when his plot had thus
succeeded, then he called on us " to recognise the
existence of the war." and provide men and money
for its prosecution. And why did he not send us
i his message, and leave it to us to judge whether
1 the nation had good cause of wai or not t Be-
I cause he was afraid to trust the House with the
II question. He knew that it never would sanction
I' a war for the acquisition of territory; and that was
11 the reason whv he took it upon him to send his
II army to bully'Mexico into a war.
'' Mr. MARTIN, of Tennessee, here interposed to
