1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. op Reps.
imports, and sustained, to some extent, the reve-
nue; but this will be temporary. Yet notwith-
standing all these favorable circumstances, look at
one great and undeniable fact: when Mr. Polk
came into power, the United States stock stood
$116 for $100; now it is down to $98. This fact
speaks volumes as to the disastrous effects of his
policy on the public credit, at home and abroad.
Polk found the country with a sound currency—
now we have the subtreasury and treasury note
bills. The one says, we will take nothing but
specie; the other says, we will pay nothing but paper.
Treasury notes are, in facft, the paper issues of a
(suspended non-specie paying bank. It is a na-
tional bank without specie in its vaults—it is this,
and nothing else.
The subtreasury and treasury notes are insep-
arable; they have always come and went together.
They came in with Van Buren, and they went out
with Van Buren. They have come in with Polk
and they will go out with Polk. It is a contri-
vance to get money after the treasury is exhausted,
to feast and fatten the hundreds and thousands of
hungry partisans with* offices and salaries, good
contracts and jobs, at the expense of the honest,
hard-working, and tax-paying farmers and labor-
ers of the country; and, to cover their extrava-
gance, they get up a war, no matter with whom,
"what for, or how. Van Buren made a war some-
thing like the present in its origin and objects, to
rob a few Indians in Florida of their land, because
they would not sell it at his price; and this war
has cost the people more than forty millions of
dollars, and we are now supporting these Indians
beyond the Mississippi, at an expense of nearly a
million a year. Well, Mr. Polk, following in the
footsteps of his illustrious predecessor, has made
war upon Mexico, with the same object in view,
to acquire territory and give fat jobs, contracts,
and offices to his .partisans, at the expense of the
people; but when, where, and how, the Polk war
is to end, God only knows. What it is to cost in
blood and treasure, no one can tell. One thing,
however, we do know, the nation is being involved
in debt at the rate of forty or fifty millions a year,
without any measure of revenue proposed to dis-
charge the debt, or even to pay the interest. Why
not meet the crisis you have created like men ?
Why shrink and skulk from the responsibility?
Two months after the declaration of the war
against Great Britain, Congress promptly, and
■without hesitation, passed an act to double the
duties on foreign goods, and imposed, shortly
afterwards, internal duties to meet the expenses of
the war; but now nothing can be done but pass
enormous appropriation bills, issue treasury notes,
and divide the proceeds among greedy partisans,
who stand with open mouths to seize the bread
and bones distributed at the White House. The
Democratic plan seems to be to pass appropriation
bills, take the money, and leave the Whigs to foot
the bill as in 1840. The only legacy they will
leave us when they die will be their debts, with
the privilege of imposing taxes to pay them. The
Democrats, it seems, have discovered Mr. Law's
plan of getting clear of taxation. Some years ago,
when taxes were very high in this city, my old
friend Thomas Law, (brother of Lord Ellenbor-
ough,) who was very heavily taxed for unproduc-
tive property on Capitol Hill, one day gave out that
lie had discovered a plan to get rid of his taxes;
his neighbors, who had a fellow-feeling on this
subject, flocked in to find out what his plan was;
after a great deal of importunity, the old gentleman
at last said, " Well friends, if you must know, I
am going to die."
Now, the Democrats have found out that they
are going to die soon, and they are determined to
get all they can while their time lasts, and leave the
Whigs to impose the taxes, and to pay them.
But we were told the other day, that the Demo-
cratic party had carried out all its measures, and
the results would contrast favorably with those of
the Whigs. 1 am glad to hear this admission.
They confess that their system of measures, is in
full and successful operation, and we all can see
the beautiful results. I will avail myself of the
occasion which is thus presented to me, and will
follow out the contrast a little further.
But I must go back a little, and I mean to inquire
what has been the effect of Whig policy on the
prosperity, the character, and the credit of the
country; and then what has been the result of the
opposite? >
In this inquiry, I shall deal with facts—I mean
to speak from the record, and I challenge contra-
diction. Then I state, in the first place, that the
average expenditures of the Government, during
the four years of Mr. Adams's administration,
was but twelve millions and a half a year, and
part of this was to cover the expenses of an exten-
sive system of internal improvements; and during
the same four years, there were paid forty-five
millions of the public debt, out of twenty-five mil-
lions of revenue. Mr. Adams was turned out for
his extravagance, and Locofoco economy substi-
tuted. Mr. Van Buren came in as a personal im-
bodimentof Locofoco principles, and what was the
annual expenditure during his four years? The
average, instead of twelve-and-a-half, was twenty-
eight millions; (in one year the expenditure reached
thirty-seven millions.) Twelve-and-a-half millions
under Mr. Adams, twenty-eight millions under
Mr. Van Buren; this is the difference between
Whig and Locofoco policy. With a revenue of
more than thirty millions, they paid not one dollar
of the public debt, but increased it, in effect, thirty-
one millions; the expenditures having exceeded
the revenue during his term by that amount. Mr.
Van Buren found in the treasury a surplus of forty-
five millions; of this, twenty-eight millions were
deposited with the Stages, leaving sixteen millions
of available revenue, and to this add the proceeds of
the sale of the Government bank stock, eight-and-
a-half millions, making a surplus of twenty-four-
and-a-half millions; the whole of this, with all the
revenues.of the Government, was expended during
Mr. Van Buren's four years, and a large debt left
to the Whigs upon the accession of General Har-
rison to the Presidency in 1841. "
When the Whigs came into power, they found in
the treasury, not a surplus of forty-five millions, as
did Mr. Van Buren, but they found, on the contrary,
a large debt, and the revenue run down to less than
half the amount of the expenditures In 1840, the
net revenue was but $10,159,339. When the
Whigs came in, they passed .the tariff of '42, (that
tariff law which we, in our wisdom, repealed last
winter,) and what did that law accomplish? It
raised the net revenue to $25,758,406 in 1844—it
restored the credit of the nation—it raised up and
protected the national industry, and made the na-
tion prosperous. It paid off, in four years of its
operation, (1842 inclusive,) thirty-four millions of
the public debt, and left, in 1846, a balance of six
millions in the treasury, and raised the revenue
from twelve to twenty-seven millions a year.
This Whig Administration was turned out by
frauds and deceptions of the grossest character.
James K. Polk came in. Locofoco doctrine was
again in the ascendant. The tariff of 1842 was
repealed, and that of 1846 substituted, Texas an-
nexed, and then, as was predicted, came war, with
all its unhappy and disastrous consequences. Here
are the fruits of Locofoco policy. What is the
condition of the country,now? It is worse than
it was even under the ruinous reign of Martin Van
Buren, whom the people turned out, head and
heels. Mr. Van Buren spent for us twenty-eight
millions a year; and how much is James K. Polk
spending? God only knows. Just whathe pleases
to ask for—forty or fifty millions at least. We
have given him men and given him money—mil-
lions upon millions—regiments upon regiments-
treasury notes, loans, all ne asks, and as fast as
he asks; yet his friends here complain daily that
the President is not " sustained" in his " patriotic
purpose!" What have we refused him? We
granted him ten millions of dollars and fifty thou-
sand volunteers, who promptly tendered their
services, and he has not called out much more
than half of them. What have we not done?
And after all, what has Mr. Polk done ? Has he
prosecuted this war as he ought to have done11
No. He had authority to call out a sufficient force,
but he declined to do it. We offered him troops
enough, but he left them behind. And now, when
the Mexicans have intrenched themselves, have
strengthened their fortifications, put down their
factions^and are united as one man, with their old
and ablest chieftain, Santa Ana, at their head-
note, after eight or nine months' delay, the Presi-
dent is ready to go forward: he is bustling about,
and complaining of want of means. General
Gain'es, knowing that the true course was to strike
quick and heavy blows, promptly called to the
field all the forces at hand, to act with energy,
before the enemy had time to harmonize and con-
centrate their strength, and thus to put ah end to
the war at once; and for doing this, lie has Been
court-martialled by the President, and retpoYei
from his command in the South. And what (Jul
the President do ? Instead of striking vigorously
at the heart of Mexico, he is found invadingSer
remote and defenceless frontiers, in organizing ciyii
governments, and in securing territory to be held
as indemnity for the expenses of the war, as " pay
for heating the poker." By taking possession of
her frontier provinces, the President has essen-
tially strengthened Mexico, by relieving her from
the necessity of keeping up troops on her frontiers
to hold in check the fierce and warlike savages of
the North, who were continually making hostile
incursions, and robbing and murdering her people.
These Indians are now held in check by our troops,
and Mexico has withdrawn hers to strengthen her
defences at home. The whole of these movements
show conclusively that the purpose and policy of
the President, in the commencement and prosecu-
tion of this war, litis been the acquisition of terri-
tory; and although he may deny it in his message,
who that looks to his acts can believe him ? Now,
I submit to my friends in the South, in all kind-
ness, I ask them, ought they not to be satisfied?
Have we not given them Florida, at a cost of fprj-y
millions? Have we not purchased for them Lou-
isiana, which has given them four or five States?
And have we not recently annexed Texas, which
will give them four or five more ? All these vast
territories have been acquired partly by the blood
and tieasure of the North, and have all been sur-
rendered to the South; and yet it seems that south-
ern men are not satisfied. Is this reasonable? Is
it right? When we claimed the whole of Oregon
for thfti format inn of free States, by a title declared
by the President to be " clear and unquestionable,"
yet nearly one-half of it was given up by him. I
tell my friends in the South, that they had better
stop in their course of acquisition, especially by
conquest. If they proceed, they will establish a
geographical line as a party line; and that will in
the end destroy this Union. Suppose parties are
divided by geographical lines, with northern can-
didates and southern candidates for the Presiden-
tial offices. Suppose the North should triumph in
the struggle: will the South submit? We?tretold
they will not; that they will nullify, and set up a
government of their own. But in a different result
the North might do the same thing. These are
fearful consequences; may they not follow the fur-
ther acquisition of territory by conquest? These
dangers may be remote; I trust they may never
occur; that wisdom and moderation may forever
avert them from our beloved country; but I fear
nothing can stop them (if unrestricted territory is
acquired by conquest) from swallowing up in the
end all that is precious in our present happy Union
and free institutions. Such are some of the sad
consequences which I fear will flow from this war,
if its original purposes and objects be carried out.
This war, which is to be prosecuted at the sac-
rifice of all the other great interests of our coun-
try; for which internal improvements are to be
arrested; private claims vetoed and postponed; in
short, we are told by the President in his mes-
sage, that no appropriations that are not absolute-
ly°indispensable, arc to be made while this war
lasts. What would the money, already expe.nded
in killing those miserable Mexicans, have done
for the improvement of our country? It would
have improved all our harbors, cleared out our riv-
ers, and saved millions of property and hundreds
of lives, lost for want of them; it would complete
a railroad from the Mississippi to the mouth of
the Oregon; it would have conferred countless
blessings and benefits upon our beloved country in
a thousand forms; but instead of this, what has it
done, and what will it do ? It has destroyed thou-
sands of lives, the lives of many of our best men,
by sickness and the sword—it has made hundreds
of widows and orphans—it will destroy the health
as well as the habits of hundreds and thousands of
our best citizens—it will build up an enormous
standing army and pension list to rest like an in-
cubus upon the people for a generation to come,
and perhaps in the end dissolve this Union,
