1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iff
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr.JBrockenbromh.
Ho. of Reps.
and white labor pours in. I do not include in this
the District of Columbia, which is influenced by
peculiar circumstances, not general laws of popu-
lation.
Delaware and Maryland receded from the be-
ginning. So did1 the District till 1840, when, from
some unknown cause, it advanced.
Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, and Missouri, have already passed their
maximum period, and begun to recede.
South Carolina, Tennessee, and Mississippi, in
all probability reached their maximum at the last
census.
Alabama and Florida will probably reach the
maximum in 1850; Arkansas, in 1860; and Texas
in ten years more.
Observe, Mr. Chairman, I speak not of the maxi-
mum of the number of slaves; but of their propor-
tion to the whites.
In the whole slave territory, the proportion stead-
ily but slowly increased from 1800 till 1840, when it
commenced descending.
Thus the proportion, in the whole slave terri-
tory, of slaves to whites, was in—
1790. .. .33.5 per cent. 1820... .33.86 percent.
1800 32.7 " 1830....34.29 "
1810 33.4 " 1840....33.67 "
Doubtless, the falling back from 1790 to 1800
was caused by the influx of white population to
this country after the Revolution, and the suffer-
ings of the whites and their occupation in arms
during the Revolution, which had run up the slave
ratio beyond its natural and regular position in
1790. But after that, we see a regular, gradual
increase, and the beginning of a gradual fall. And
when we look to the individual States, we find the
same thing; proving that it arises from some gen-
eral law of population, and not from any local,
transitory, or special cause. It must be a general
law, which affects alike Louisiana and Virginia,
Missouri and North Carolina, Georgia and Ken-
tucky, which operated continuously from 1790 to
1840.
Ji table showing the proportion of slave population to free
( vhites and b!acks) in the present skive States, at every cen-
sus; and the same proportion, in the aggregate, of all the
present slave States for each census.
Delaware 
Maryland 
Virgtnia 
North Carolina....
South Carolina....
Georgia 
Kentucky 
Tennessee 
Aggregate per cent....
Mississippi Territory...
District of Columbia....
Aggregate per cent.
in slave States 
Louisiana   
Missouri..  
Aggregate per cent.
m Have States 
Alabama 
Aikansas 
Aggregate per cent, mi
all the slave States.
Florida., 
Aggrccate percent, in
all the slave States.
Slave States 
1790.11800 1 810
p. ct. p. ct.! p ct
15 ; 9.6 i 5.7
32 2 30.9 | 29.3
39.2 39.3 : 40.3
25.5 , 27.9
43. | 42.3
35.4 ! 36-6
15 5 ! 18 3
9.6 ' 12.9
33.5 1
! 39.4
23.
32.7
30.4
47.3
41.7
19.8
17.
42.7
22 4
45.3
14.4
1820.j 1820 1840.
p. ct.jp. ct. p. ct.
6,2
25.4
39 9
3-2.1
51.4
43.9
22.5
18.9
43.5 I
19 3 i
45.
15.3
32.9
11.3
33.86
4.3
23,1
38.8
33.3
513
42.1
23.5
20.8
44.6
34.29
3.4
19.1
36.2
32.6
55.
40.6
23.4
22.1
52.
19.1
47.8
15.2
42.9
20 4
33.67
33.5 ! 32.7 S 33.4 33.86! 34.29' 33.67
Note.—This table is compiled ftom several tables in,Pro-
fessor Tucker's articles m Hunt's Magazine on the progress
of the United States in fifty years. I have riot made the cal-
culations. Professor Tucker's known accuracyin statistics
would render it unnecessary, if there was time andleisuie.
Some may suppose the emigration of slaves to
Texas sufficient to account for this striking circum-
stance in the census of 1840, but the cause is not
sufficient to produce the effect. ^ The slaves were
not numerous enough, and it is probable more
whites left the slave States for Texas than slaves;
and if there was any difference, it is probably more
than counterbalanced by the difference of accuracy
in the enumeration of slaves and whites in taking
the census. The slaves are easily enumerated in
masses bylists from their masters; the white peo-
ple are scattered in families, and single persons and
.distant ones are, doubtless, often omitted, and this
source of error increases with our expansion. But
gentlemen, either from the North or South, have
only to look around them to see the true cause. A
northern man will see how many more of the
friends and relations of his people have gone South
in the past ten years. Let the southern man look
around the coasts and rivers, and inquire who are
the mariners, steamboat captains, merchants, man-
ufacturers, and merchants'clerks?—who* fill the
petty offices about the ports?—who are the agents,
the professional men, preachers, teachers, and ped-
lars?—who fill up the whole catalogue of mechanic
arts in every little village ? Tell me where it is you
will not Una your northern man penetrating, now
more than formerly. They have already com-
menced to flow in upon us in every direction, not
in the mighty torrent which pours to the West,
but in rivulets everywhere; and they are, for the
most part, worthy and good citizens, and our peo-
ple'are pleased to see them come, and condemn
that system of partial legislation and unjust tariff
taxation on the partof this Government, which has
had a tendency to lock them up at home. Nor do
we find them objecting to becoming slave-owners;
but many a New England man can be found
throughout the South rich and comfortable, with
his slaves around him, smoking his pipe in peace,
and wondering if the good people at home have
the same horror of slavery as formerly. Nor are
these the only additions to our whites from the
North. Already the common laborer is coming
more and more every year with his pickaxe and
shovel, his spade, his hod and trowel, and even
his plough, to fill up the demand for labor. The
white population is crowding upon you. The far,
far West has become almost too far, and the cur-
rent sets southward.
This Wilmot proviso, and all the slave-confining
movement, seems to me but a branch of the old
and perpetual internal northern war of capital
against labor. Northern capital seeks to confine
southern slave labor to its present limits, in order
that it may throw off every day, by its increase,
the growing tendency to employ free labor, and
shut up the open market of the latter, which is
daily growing wider in the slave States, and will
expand, they know, in immense proportion with
the distribution of few slaves over immense space.
The pretence is to confine slaves to a particular dis-
trict, where they now are, the object is to cheapen
free labor in their own northern homes, by keep-
ing it from the South. The only competition for
the free labor in the northern States has hitherto
been the vast expanse of open country to the west.
As that fills up and increases in distance, its com-
petition with eastern capital for eastern labor di-
minishes. And they wish to break down the
growing competition of the South; Every northern
laborer, including all who work in any way for a
living, who votes to confine slavery to its present
limits, votes to cut himself and his family off from
an immense market for his only commodity, his
labor—including the whole country south of Penn-
sylvania and Ohio, the mere existence of which
market enhances the price of labor over the whole
Union, and increases his actual wages, though he
may never leave New England. Thus the palpa-
ble tendency and real object of all slave-confining
schemes is really to confine and reduce free labor
for the benefit of capital, until it shall be reduced
to the starving pauperism of Europe, compared
with which southern slave comfort is not only
happiness, but magnificence, if we may believe the
uniform testimony received from the Old World.
There can be no freedom in such misery. Men
must obey the will of employers or die. The
movement hypocritically squints at destroying ne-
gro slavery at the South, whilst it forges chains
with both hands for the free laborer at the North.
And this source of increasing free labor^is not
all. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Dilling-
ham] spoke of the few hands in which slaves were
held, and the many who held none, even in the
southern States. This diminishes every day by the
acquisition of means to buy slaves by poor people,
by the division of the estates of the rich ones. As
you divide masses of slaves, the more white labor |!
is mingled with them, to make them productive. '
In short, the statesman must be wilfully blind that
does not see that by the natural laws of popula-
tion, the days of slavery are already numbered,
though distant, and may be calculated with mathe-
matical precision; and that the law of the progress
of that event will be accelerated by every increase
of slave territory into which slaves can be carried
to advantage.
It seems to me that gentlemen from the North
might find a more grateful answer to give to then-
constituents, by pointing them to this law of popu-
lation and the statistics, and telling them- that they
had kept the peace and harmony of the country-—
they had not rent the temple of liberty in twain,
from " turret top to foundation stone5'—that they
had not burned the bible of republicanism, and
made the name of America and her institutions a
mockery and a byword among nations, thereby
fulfilling the envious predictions of the arbitrary
powers of the world, and destroying the last hope
and^ vestige of self-government, but they had left
the institution of slavery in the hands of the people
where they found it, as their fathers had done be-
fore them; and that, by a law of destiny laid down
by the Great Lawgiver to the American people,
slavery was destined, in a period which might be
calculated, without bloodshed, fraud, or violence,
to extinguish itself, without a murmur or a strug-
gle, to be no more a stumbling-block in legislation,
and to be mentioned no more m the Houses of Con-
gress. Would not such an answer satisfy a rea-
sonable people?
Believing that neither this proviso nor future
legislation will create real difficulty upon the sub-
ject of slavery in territory to be acquired by con-
quest or purchase, and not doubting the justice of
the war, I can view the question of the propriety
pf acquisition without the embarrassment of those
who entertain opposite opinions. Had I not be-
lieved it just, I never could have voted for the act
of the 13th of May, or for eftipphes, or the vigor-
ous prosecution of the war since that time. I can
conceive no principle of honor which will even
extenuate the crime of unjust War, still less justify
its vigorous continuance.
Gentlemen ask, why prosecute the war? They
" scorn" the land, they " abhor the idea of dis-
membering Mexico." Some would not " wage
war for money—it is disgraceful." Others say
" they never can pay you." Some, on the other
side, recommend changing the blockade into a tariff,
and receiving customs at the Mexican ports to pay
the indemnity for spoliations and expenses of the
war. This may be well, if not more costly than
profitable; for we know the blighting effects of a
high tariff; and if it should prove as disastrous to
Mexico as to the southern States, it would be a
terrible instrument of war, and if she understands
her own interests would speedily restore peace.
But the same gentlemen voted and argued to keep
a heavy tariff upon us as a great blessing—as one
which reduced the price of goods, promoted indus-
try and enterpiise, and forced upon us all the arts
of civilization, and which tended to promote the
happiness and comfort of man. It is urged upon
us to lay it on ourselves in peace and kindness, to
lay it on Mexico in severity and hostility—to bless
us, to rum them. We might prevent the custom-
house frauds and smuggling in Mexican ports,
which their Government cannot prevent, and thus
secure them the full measure of the blessings of a
tariff so frequently chaunted in this Hall! But at
the same time they tell us the Mexicans have no
money. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
vVinthrop] says it is idle to send your armies for
that purpose. They are protected from payment
by three powerful Mexican divinities. I think he
called them indolence, ignorance, and want. Might
he not add three more gods to perfect their sys-
tem—anarchy, apathy, and gambling. He [Mr.
W.] was unwilling to take iand, and thought it
best to withdraw our armies, and, I presume, make
peace on our side.
If such arguments prevail, why declaie war?
That power should be stricken from the Constitu-
tion, and with it all concerning the army, navy,
and militia. Declare to the nations that we, on
principle, will submit to any wrong; as Christians,
if smitten on one cheek, we will turn the other.
As pious persons are generally respected by bullies,
this would excite the astonishment, and possibly
the sympathy and forbearance of the world, or,
perhaps, nations might expend their resources in
a contest with each other which should take pos-
session of us, under the modest name of protection.
But, whatever might be the result, it could not be
worse than to declare war, wage war, and subject
ourselves to all the disasters and disadvantageous
