378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr BrocJcenbrough.
Ho. of Reps.
incidents which may attend unnsuccessftil war by
the universal law of nations, and at the same time
declare that we will not avail ourselves of any bel-
ligerant rights, if successful; that we will take no
land, make no conquest, not exact money or con-
tributions, or even demand payment of indemnities
for spoliations before the war; that we will pay all
our own expenses, and very liberally, whilst in the
enemy's country, shed as little blood and weaken
that enemy as little as possible. Gentlemen may
well ask, why wage such a war? There is no rea-
son but a love of mischief." With such ideas of
war, we should retreat, for fear necessity should
compel us to take some Mexican soil as indemnity.
And when we retreat, if the enemy should follow—
if we have wronged them by invasion—we should
permit them to retaliate by invading' us; and when
they shall have advanced far enough to return the
visit, civilly ask them to retreat. I am no disciple
of this new school of war—no believer in the in-
violability of waste lands, or impossibility of con-
quest. My idea of war is the old-fashioned one,
which implies violence and fighting. Whence this
affected new terror of conquest? Nine-tenths of
the world is held by that title. Nations used to
fight to conquer—now, it seems, to submit; they
advance to retreat, even when victors. If this is
the law of war, I agree it is better to submit with-
out fighting, and retreat in the first instance. Peace
is always fascinating, butgentlemen are too deeply
enamored when they would have us fight in peace,
and urge a war only of unreciprocated kindness.
They invoke the Constitution and the peace-loving
spirit of our forefathers. But they have far outstrip-
ed them. In war, rfiey included a possibility of
conquest. At least so decides the Supreme Court,
unanimously, with Marshall at its head. "The
' United States," says he, "can declare war and
' make treaties, and therefore can acquire territory
' either by purchase or by conquest." We own most of
our country by a double conquest—of the savages
and Great Britain. If a border nation invades and
annoys us, and will not make peace, or indemnify
us, or even receive a minister, what remains for
us, even in self-defence, but to pass the border and
take, if we can, the country whence she annoys
us ? And if she will not pay us for the trouble she
gives, nor satisfy us that similar outrages will not
be again perpetrated under similar circumstances,
we must hold the country. A right of conquest
would thus appear, to seek no deeper.
But gentlemen would declare war, and tell Mex-
ico we will take no indemnity in land—we expect
none in money—we will levy no contributions on
war warrants, which we guaranty that you shall
pay at the end of the wdr, but buy everything we
use in your country for cash in gold, and at high
prices. How long would such a war last, carry-
ing h harvest, a maiket, a bounty, to the doors of
the Mexicans ? What peace so profitable as such
a tear ? She could keep her troops out of the way,
and there would be no blood shed. Our army
would peacefully march hither and thither, distrib-
uting a shower of gold. Certainly a retreat would
be better than this—quite as glorious and more
economical.
My idea has been always, that it was not only
desirable, but lawful and just, to take and hold
enough territory for indemnity, and a safe defen-
sible boundary. I proposed to insert it in the war
bill, to require the President to take and hold it
until peace was established. It appeared to me the
duty of the Government. And though another
form was preferred, I never doubted, from the
zeal and unanimity displayed on that occasion,
and the immense resources voted, that, this was the
idea of all who voted for the bill. They ask what
we propose now—to what end prosecute the war?
I inquire, what did you propose then?—what was
to be done with the whole army and navy, and
militia, and fifty thousand volunteers, and ten mil-
lions of dollars? Nay, with all your loud denun-
ciations, have you not now resolved on acquisition?
If not,'why these long debates on slavery and the
Wilmot proviso? Are they not wholly without
excuse ? Are we children in a debating club, dis-
puting whether territory acquired shall be open to
all or only half the Union, and yet resolve that
none shall be acquired? You complain of invading
Mexico—of the cruelty and horrors of war, and
the dangers of death and of battle. Did you not
know the definition of war when you declared it?
Did you expect the President to send the army and
navy and fifty thousand men on a frolic ? Did you
send men and munitions of war to amuse the Mex-
icans, like romping schoolgirls in a combat with
kid gloves and cologne-water! As to the proposi-
tion to withdraw the army to a specific line of de-
fence, I must acknowledge myself, and I presume
most of those around me will acknowledge them-
selves, too ignorant of the topography of the
country, and its capacity for defence, of the re-
sources of theenemy and military affairs generally,
to hazard an opinion. But I have .no doubt, that
if there is any line which, by the aid of narrow
mountain passes, can be easily and cheaply de-
fended , and will probably insure peace and sufficient
indemnity, that the President would, after consult-
ation with the best officers and most skilful en-
gineers, adopt such a line; but I would never con- j
sent to embarrass their action, or attempt to control j
or trammel their judgment in advance, by a per- |
e'mptory act of Congress, which would only expose I
our views to the enemy, and could do no good, as j
in the end a treaty must depend, first, upon the |
situation of the enemy and our own country, and !
the chances of war; and, secondly, upon the Presi- j
dentand Senate—ourtreaty-makingpower—which ;
could not be controlled by an act of Congress. But j
I admit that I have no hope of peace from the |
occupation of any line, assumed without the con- j
sent of Mexico. The idea is that of a forced !
peace. If we cannot force it by a vigorous ad- I
vance, I believe we cannot by halting. I have not
hoped from mere force to affect the Mexican chief- j
tains, without the occupation of the city of Mex- j
ico. I
If this war is unjust, gentlemen are not absolved \
by the cry of "Mr. Polk's war." They voted i
for it; declamation against Mr. Polk will not screen [
them from their own denunciations of the horror, ]
the sin, and crime, and murder of unjust war. ;
If crime and infamy, the record bears conviction '
of the actors upon its face, and there it will stand, !
indelible and imperishable as the republic itself, j
Tt will adhere, like the shirt of Nessus, to its au- >
thors. Like the garment Media wove for Jason, I
it will cleave and burn into the flesh, until they
perish. Enhancing the crime, they only invoke
more fearful punishment upon themselves.
If this was their only inconsistency, I might
suspect myself of being under some strange delu-
sion. Last session, nearly unanimously they
voted with us to declare war, and now, almost as
unanimously, they condemn their war as unjust,
unnatural, and a crime. With every breath, they
fill the air with bitter denunciations of the offence,
and vote men and money to aggravate the crime,
and spread havoc. Voting liberally supplies, they
deplore dilapidated finances, and give away the
j lands and refuse a tax, unless so contrived as to
I be tribute to rich manufacturers, in addition to the
I burdens of the war and the Government. They
: vote means, and urge the vigorous prosecution of
a war, they say made unconstitutionally by the
President, for causes inadequate and unjust.
| Some blame the conduct of the war as idle and
j imbecile, and a waste of power; others, as too vig-
i orous and active, and point to the conquest in nine
months of a distant country, as large as a third of
i our previous possessions, as an indication of raps-
! city, and denounce, the President as a cruel and
i monstrous land robber, and Attila and Alaric, and
j I know not what Goth and Vandal barbarian chief-
! tains are invoked from the musty niches and
1 gloomy vaults of the middle ages, to furnish forth
: some faint type of this new and savage leader of
'"barbarian hordes." Thev hold it a crime to
i fiffht either for money or for land—a disgrace in-
| deliblg to take a single rood from Mexico. In
this the northern and southern Whigs agree; but
i the former insists that he shall have alt; and the
latter, that he shall have at least a fair share of the
1 land to be acquired: he feels bound to insist upon
\ the rights of his constituents in that new land.
Whilst the northern opponent of the war, he him-
self declares and denounces—the conquest, he
scorns and continues—the crime he condemns and
commits—swears there shall be no fairness in the
division—-he will have all—a slave shall not pollute
that holy land; and for and upon this sacred prin-
ciple his pious people are prepared to perish.
The President cannot please them—he is too
slow or too quick—too harsh or too amiable—too
warlike or too pacific. You complain that the
fifty thousand men were not sent at once, and are
told that he sent more than Taylor wanted or
could use. You say he jealously hampered Tay-
lor's movements, and we show you boundless dis-
cretion and full confidence. And you drown this
in a loud shout of glory to General Taylor, and
cry that war is to be made upon him by the Ad-
ministration, to cover its own imbecility; and your
speech is printed in the same paper with Taylor's
secret declaration of war upon the Administration.
Every general, every officer, every branch of the
service must be lauded and defended from every
possibility $f error, except the President and Sec-
retary of War. You adore Taylor, who recom-
mended and asked leave to march to the Rio Grande,
and denounce Polk for the permission. Taylor
can do no wrong: but he recommended an invasion
of Mexico after Thornton's capture; and you de-
nounce the President for permitting that invasion,
and for not having furnished Taylor with a ponton
train long before hostilities commenced to enable
him to pass the Rio Grande earlier!
If a gentleman defends the President, as honestly
acting for the best, and with vigor and zeal for his
country, and points to facts and results, the glory
of the deeds is awarded to others, and the advocate
denounced as a " pander to power," a " miserable
minion," a " servile satellite," and that by those
who would beggar the treasury and bankrupt Gov-
ernment to pander to any popular caprice—men
who affect a sickly sympathy for wounded and
war-worn soldiers, wherewith to touch the hearts
of honest people, who never saw a battle, and
charge an adversary with less liberality than them-
selves, or the Administration with squandering the
people's money in time of war, pointing to the
long columns of swelling millions—swelled by his
efforts—as proof of extravagance and profligacy.
This war reaches every part of the Union. A
patriotic people leaps to arms at the sound of the
trumpet. There is no place in which the dema-
gogue may not boast of liberality to the soldier,
and touch some heart. The generous people, in
the gush of good feeling, forget that it is their own
money, and feel as grateful to the member as if
he had given his own. The man flies to arms with-
out thought of pay. He mounts his steed, and is
off to the field, reckless of all save his honor and
his country's glory. The member, on politics
intent, claims the eratitude of the volunteer and his
friends for himself, and not the country whose re-
sources he votes. Why has not the same sympa-
thy been felt for the men who suffered in the Black
Hawk and Florida wars ? They had no enhanced
pay and bounties. But they did not come from
every one's district. Their claims were local.
And they cannot even receive the stipulated pay,
if the most cunning ingenuity can find the slightest
shadow of a technical objection to the muster rolls,
or room for a quibble in the law or the orders.
Sir, I cannot believe myself more destitute of hu-
manity, or feeling for a suffering patriot or his
family, than any gentleman in this Hall. But my
heart does not beat in unison with theatrical sym-
pathy. I am not moved by the political charity
and prostitute humanity, which goes forth almost
naked from this side the Hall, to revel in the cor-
rupt embraces of the tariff of 1842 on the other.
Nor do the Whigs differ less as to what should
now be done in arms or finance. Some would
wage vigorous war, others vigorously retreat;
some advance to Mexico, others take a line of de-
fence—in this still differing, each condemns the
other's line. The profound question seems to be,
whether it is cheapest and best to carry on war
by fighting or without fighting—by fighting in the
enemy's or our own country—by driving him be-
fore us or letting him drive us. In finance, they
tel] us safety for our bleeding, impoverished, and
discredited country, lies only in a tariff—a high
tax upon the people to support manufactures lib-
erally—and a tariff must be laid on Mexico to force
peace and payment by its fearful exactions.
They cry, you have exhausted the treasury, but
let us vote the soldiers some millions more than
they expect, or any soldiers ever received. We
will levy no tax, but vote you treasury notef.
Then we will laugh at the subtreasury and vour
abandonment of gold and silver, and mock you for
using paper money, (though above par;) but lest
it should depreciate, we will pledge the lands to
