1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11:
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Tiroclcenbrousrh.
Ho. or Reps.
it beyond retreat, and when the President was
bound to prosecute it, and the country had no hope
or chance to escape it honorably, and when blood
h.-id been shed, and the whole atmosphere was
filled with war and notes of busy preparation, and
the sky was lurid arid portentous, that then we
have the whole Whig phalanx, in one mass, pour-
ing upon the Administration a torrent of eloquent-
inuignation. Then they search musty archives
and unroll old maps before us, to show us where
the line is not, and point oat here the spot where
the gallant Porter fell; there the lamented Cross
was murdered; and here the reckless Thornton cut
his way through every obstacle; and raising their
eyes to Heaven, with holy horror exclaim, "it is
the President s war, an unjust war ! AVe cannot
avenge the dead; this was Mexican soil. The
array should have remained at Corpus Christi.
The line ought to be somewhere between the Nue-
ces and the Eio Grande. This battlefield must and
shall be in Tamaulipas."
Is there a man living who can read the docu-
ments upon this subject who*will not say, and who
did not at that time think, that war with Mexico
was impending—hanging by a thread, and that
thread the hopes and fears of military demagogues
in Mexico ? In ail that emergency-—pending Tay-
lor's long march, was the opinion once expressed !
aloud in the Capitol or even in the city, that the j
march would bring on war—still less, as now con- :
tended, that it was war itself, and invasion on our
part? What was the general opinion in private
conversations? Even now I ask what course
would now, on the given state of facts, be the most
probable course recommended by ninety-nine in
esery hundred citizens! and members of Congress,
expressing opinions without peculiar information,
or party reasons to be disingenuous ? The answer
would be, that to remain at Corpus Christi was to
invite war, by leaving the frontier open to the
thoughtless inroad of any Mexican brigand, who
might fancy our inactivity cowardice, or a maraud-
ing march a chance for popularity at home. Who
would not say, march at once to the position you
mean to occupy. Plant your foot there with a
firm front, and act kindly and civilly, but firmly
tell them you will await their attack; but that line
you will fight and die upon. This is the best
means to avoid war if possible, the best place to
meet it if inevitable. You would say your kind-
ness may conciliate, your firmness will overawe
anything short of a great and national movement
for a war*of invasion. And if such is in the heart
of Mexico—meet it at the lines, where you can
retaliate. Even now, I think it was the best, the
wisest policy. If war could have been prevented,
that march would have prevented it. If Taylor
had called for volunteers and trebled his force, in
my opinion he would have overawed the enemy
and prevented war. The wisdom of the move was
not doubted at the time by the mass of men; and
this gives them a sound and patriotic reason for
their silence. They have since become wise over-
much, after the fact, and can now easily foresee
that such a move might produce war, and as easily
contend that it was war itself. Even now—anx-
ious as men are for the reputation of superior saga- ■
city—we have heard of but two gentlemen who >
had foresight enough to think it even a danger- j
ous movement—Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Claytox j
—and the latter laid a wager with some of his |
political brethren that there would be " a fight"— j
thus showing that the opinion was anything but |
unanimous. No one else has even pretended that \
he thought so, much less adduced evidence that he j
said it was a dangerous move, or one that must '
lead to war. And, as he won the wager by only j
four hours, it could not have been made till long !
«$crTaylor was opposite Matamoros! Our troops ■
were opposite Matamoros from the 28th of March ;
till the 24th of April, before hostilities commenced. !
They commenced moving from Corpus Christi on ;
the 8th of March. How few believed that these ^
events would bring on war ! No movement was :
made here in all that time. That the belief was
, that there would be no war, is the most charitable ■
and courteous explanation. Mr. Calhoun-, in >
vindicating himself so promptly and so ably for
making no movement, has cast a severe censure
upon all who thought as he did and were not fet- .
tered by the same difficulties. Who will avow .
that he thought this movement war ? Many of our k
most gallant officers on the ground thought there
would be no war. Citizens of distinguished gal-
lantry— there ready to volunteer—left under the
opinion that the enemy would not cross the river.
Worth was so sure of it that he resigned, upon a
point of etiquette, his high commission, the pride
and honor of his life, and came to Washington.
What price could have tempted a brave, ambitious,
and distinguished officer to be absent on the 8th
and 9th of May, had he thought there was possi-
bility of war? Even General Taylor could not
have believed it by any means certain. He must
have doubted, or he would not have been found in
the dangerous position of having Point Isabel
taken, because almost unguarded, and his own
troops afterwards annihilated by want of supplies.
Yet now all exclaim it was certain war; it was war
itself. Are we certain there would have been war
at all if it had not been for Taylor's security and
tempting exposure, leading the enemy to think
they might strike a severe and decisive bloWjlead-
ing to their general'^ glory and honor, and after-
wards to an advantageous peace. The policy of
Mr. Polk had at least high military authority.
The opinion I advance is well sustained. General
Taylor recommended the march, with the very
view here presented. The march was ordered at
the request, and doubtless for the reasons, stated
by the commanding general, in whom a large dis-
cretion had been invested. Suppose there had
been no march, and war had ensued, would not
Mr. Polk have been censured for controlling the
general ? Indeed, were there not reproaches against
him for bad policy in keeping the army so long at
Corpus Christi, so distant from the proper line of
defence and action ? Such seems, at all events, to
have been the opinion of General Taylor, when he
writes as early as the 4th of October, 1845:
''I have reason to believe, moreover, thata'sfUutaiy moral
effect has been exercised upon the Mexicans. Then trader®
are continually carrying: home the news of our position and
increasing numbers, and are confessedly struck by the spec-
tacle of a large camp of well appointed and disciplined
froop-j, aceoinpauipd by pet feet security to their persons and
property, instead of the impressment and pillage to winch
they are object in their own country. For these reaxous,
our position thu, far, ha?, I think, b<;en the best pos-ibie;
but. now that the enure force will soon be concentrated, it
may well be a question whether the view* of Government
will be best carried out by our remaining at this point. Ft is.
with great deference that I make any suggestion-* on topics
which may become matter of delicate negotiation; but if
our Government, in settling the question of boundary, makes*
the line of the Rio Grande an ultimatum, I cannot doubt that
the settlement will h? greatlv facilitated and hastened by our
taking possession at once of one ortwo suitable points on or
quite near that river. Our strength and state of preparation
should be displayed in a mannei not to be mistaken. How-
ever salutary may be the effect produced upon the bolder peo-
ple by oui people here, we are too far from the frontier to im- :
pre<s the Government of Mexico with our readiness to vin-
dicate, by force of arms, if necessary, our title to the coun-
try as far as the Kio Grande. The 'army of occupation'
will, m a few davs, be concentrated at tin* point, in condi- ;
tion for vigorous and efficient service. Mexico having, a* j
yet, made no positive declaration of war, or committed any }
overt act of hostilities, I do not feel at libertv, under my j
instructions, particularly those of July S, to make a fonvaid j
movement to the Rio Grande without authority from the j
War Department." I
And he writes, on the 4th of February, 1846: |
"Our advance to the Rio Grande will itself produce a pow- j
erful effect, and it maybe that the common navigation of j
the river will not be disputed." j
Even up to the 15th of April, he thought it "very \
doubtful" whether Ampudia would think it prudent I
to attack him, even when all his force should have j
arrived. ^ ;
But if the conduct of our opponents anterior to j
the war was stran'ge, what shall we say to the war :
itself? Why did they vote for the bill ? Why vote j]
so large a force? Why recognise the war? Why jj
declare that it was marie by Mexico? It is no :j
answer to say our men were in danger. We know 'j
now that they were not then in danger. It was J
"known then, that in all human probability, they
were lost, or safe by their own exertions, possibly
aided by such troop's of the States near by as might
reach them m time for the hour of peril. It was .j
certain that 50,000 men, and the whole army and :!
navy, including the "ships on the stocks," were |.
not necessary to relieve them from peril, and could j
not reach them in time, though dragons' teeth had '
been sown, and spuing up armed men in battle
arrav, or, like Roderick Dhu's, at his whistle. i
In"truth, they did spring at their country's call ,
with an alacrity unexampled, and which we will jj Mr. Madison admits that Congress contemplated a
never see in an unjust war. Such a force was not U present possession by Spain, but speaks of his de-
necessary for relief. Neither was the recognition *
or the declaration that war was made by Mexico.
The vote was not for a rescue; it was a war, and a
war of invasion was contemplated. The militia,
the army, navy, and 50,000 men, and $10,000,000
to save General Taylor! What did Taylor require
in his letter then before us—the very letter show-
ing the commencement of hostilities? He wanted
but 5,000 men, not to defend himself, but to invade.
Mexico.
He says he had ordered some regiments from
Texas, but, "as some delay must occur in col-
i lectmg these troops, I have also desired theGov-
* ernor of Louisiana to send out four regiments of
' infantry as soon as practicable. This will consli~
i tute an auxiliary force of nearly five thousand
' mem which will be required to prosecute the war with
i vigor, and carry it, as it should be, into the ene-
' my's country."
Thus, neither the force nor the declaration was
necessary for Taylor. You might have sent force,
and required him to retreat; you might have re-
fused to recognise a war—or to say Mexico begun
it—or voted against the bill. You were not cut off
from amendments, but proposed none. You voted
on all proposed on our side. You declare the alle-
gation in the bill that war was made by Mexico to
be false, and that it was made by the President.
Every gentleman is not responsible, as a matter of
personal veracity, for facts stated in a bill for which
he votes. But when he votes knowingly for a pal-
! pable and gross falsehood, he should at least be
prepared to sustain his vote upon the justice, wis-
dom, and patriotism of the measure, apart from the
false fact. But upon what principle of ethics will
gentlemen justify themselves before God and the
country in voting a false fact, a vile slander upon
a neighboring republic, as they say, when the main
measure was a declaration of war, itself unjust,
disastrous, infamous, and voted under circumstan-
ces and with means and resources, adequate and
expected, to conduct it with spirit, and aggressive
retaliation and conquest, and only necessary for
such purposes—a measure fraught with every
moral and political evil, and false in all its facts?
The country will ask hard questions, and the stale
and stupid cry of Jttr. Polk's loar," will be no
answer.
You have made it your war—the people's war.
You have not required the President to retreat, but
advance. You have sanctioned his acts. And
from the 13th May, the war is entirely your own.
He is bound to prosecute it with vigor ro 4<a speedy
and successful termination." You may impeach
him, if he wilfully neglects it. On the 13th of
May Congress had power to declare war, or to
order the President to rescue and withdraw our
troops. It chose the former. Can Congress de-
clare peace? There is now another party, and
peace cannot be made except by Mexico and the
United States, or the utter extinction of one or
other party. The responsibility of this, if it lasts
a century, is upon us, unless you can show that
advantageous terms of pcace have been offered and
refused by the Executive. But we know that his
pacific overtures have been refused by Mexico. If
your act was a rescue, why did you not repeal it
when you heard of the battles of the 8th and 9th,
and knew Taylor was safe and pursuing the ene-
my, about to pass the river, and take Matamoros?
If wicked now, was it innocent then? You ad-
hered to your war.
Mr. Polk, with the silent acquiescence of Con-
gress, with war impending:, ad\anced to the bound-
ary we were bound to defend, to avert or meet
it. And Congress, by declaring the war begun by
Mexico, has nearly unanimously ratified his act.
But James J\Iadison> whose memory we delight to
honor, in profound peace, with not a speck of war
in the. horizon, with Spain—indeed, when she was
herself overrun by the French—did not hesitate to
take forcible possession of a much larger tract of
country, which was not within the limits of any
State, not expressed to be within the limits-of any
Tenitory, upon a title acknowledged to be much
more doubtful, on all hands, then in the peaceable
possession of Spain, acknowledged so to be and
contemplated by Congress so to continue; of which
the U-nited States never had possession, and never •
dared ask the delivery of the possession. Yet,
