382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Broclcenbrough.
Ho. of Reps.
termination to take possession;" and thinks the
i( legality and necessity of the course pursued as-
sure him. of the favorable light in which it wili be
viewed by the Legislature." I quote his message
of December 6, 1S10:
" Among the events growing out of the state of the Span
ish monarchy, our attention was imperiously attracted to the
change developing itself in that portion of We^t Florida,
which, though of right appertaining to the United States,
had remained m the possession-of Spain, awaiting the result
of negotiations for its actual delivery to them.
"The Spanish authority was subverted, and a situation
produced exposing the country to ulterior events which
might essentially affect the rights and welfare of rhe Union.
In such a conjuncture I did not delay the interposition re-
quired for the occupancy of the territory west of the river
Perdido, to which the title of the United States extends,arid
to which the laws provided fur the territory of Orleans are
applicable. With this view the proclamation, of which a
copy is laid before you, was confided to the governor of that
territory to ha carried into effect. The legality and neces-
sity of the course pursued assure me of the favorable light
in which it will present itself to the Legislature, and of the
promptitude with which they will supply whatever pro-
visions may be due to the essential rights and equitable
interests of the people thus brought into the bosom of the
American family."
The letter of the Secretary of State, to the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana, begins thus: " From the en-
4 closed proclamation of the President of the United
' States, you will perceive his determination to take
* possession of the territory therein specified, in the
' name and in behalf of the United States." He
then tells him what course to pursue, and whence
to draw troops, if resisted by force.
In his proclamation, Mr. Madison closes his rea-
sons with these words: " Considering-, finally, that
i the acts of Congress, though contemplating a pres-
1 ent possession by a foreign authority, have contem-
* plated also an eventual possession of the said
' territory by the United States, and are accord-
antly so framed as in that case to extend their
'operation to the same;" and concludes: "Now,
1 be it known that I, James Madison, President of
'the United States of America, in pursuance of
' these weighty and urgent considerations, [not, as
i usual, by virtue of the authority vested in me,] have
' deemed it right and requisite' that possession
' should be taken of the said territory, in the name
* and in behalf of the United States."—[3 Foreign
Relations, 337.]
AU the law which Mr. Madison had to sustain
him was the act of March 26, 1804, declaring
" That all that portion of country ceded by France
i to the United States, under the name of Louisi-
' ana, which lies south of the Mississippi Terri-
' tory, arid of an east and west line to commence
4 on the Mississippi river at the 33d degree of north
1 latitude, to extend west to the western boundary
'of the said cession, shall constitute a Territory
* under the name of the Territory of Orleans.''
Under which act he might have, with more propri-
ety, seized Texas itself, than the Mobile country,
which he avows Congress contemplated to con-
tinue temporarily in possession of Spain. And the
act of February 24, 1804, authorizing the Presi-
dent, [section i 1,] whenever he should deem it
expedient, to erect Mobile bay and its waters into
a separate collection district, which was protested
against by the Spanish Minister, and, indeed, ear-
ned into effect by Mr. Jefferson in a cautious proc-
lamation, in winch he confined its operation to
such bays, rivers, &e., lying within the boundaries
of the United States.
Mr. Madison could not lay hold of the act of
October 31, 1803, authorizing the President " to
take possession of .Louisiana," because that act
had long since done its duty, in the time of Mr.
Jefferson; and then, as Mr. Madison himself writes
to Mr. Livingston, January 31, 1804:
" It does not appear that in the delivery of the province
by the Spanish nuttioritie-* to M. Laussat, anything pa-sed
denoting its hmiN, enhprtoth* east, the wot,oi the north; j
n:;r w any step taken by M. Lau-ssat, either wnifct the
piovnice w.h m his hand-*, or at the time of his transferring '
it to ours, calculated to dispo-sess Spam of any part of the :
territory ea&t of the Mississippi. On the contrary, m a pri-
vate conference, he stat-'d positively that no part of the
Florida- was mcUuMl m the extern boundary, France
having strenuously insisted to have it extended to the Mo-
bile, which was peremptorily lefustd by Spain."
And on the 31st March, 1804, he further ex-
plains to Mr. Livingston:
14 In mine of January 31,1 informed you that Louisiana
had been triuisteued by the French commissioner to our
commissioners on the 2Uth of December; that noifiing had
officially passed on the occasion concerning the boundaries
of the ceded terutory, but that M. Laussat had confiden-
tially signified that u did not comprehend any part of West
Florida, addine, at the same time, that it extended west-
ward^ to the Rio Bravo, otherwise called Rio del Norte.
Orders were accordingly obtained from the Spanish author-
ity for the delivery of'all the posts on'the west side of the
Mississippi, as well as on the island ofNew Orleans. With
respect to the posts in West Florida, orders for the delivery
were neither offered to nor demanded by our commission-
ers. No instructions have, in fact, been ever given them to
make the demand. This silence on the part of the Execu-
tive was deemed eligible: First, because it was foreseen
that the demand would not only be rejected by the Spanish
authority at New Oi leans, which had, in an official publi-
cation, limited the cession westwardly by the Mississippi
and the island of New Orleans; but Jt was apprehended, as
has turned out, that the French commissioner might not
be ready to support the demand, and might even be dis-
posed to second the Spanish opposition to it. Secondly, be-
cause, in the latter of these cases, aserious check would be ;
given to our title ; and, in either of them, a prematura di- i
lemma would result between an overt submission to the re- J
fusal, and a resort to force. Thirdly, because mere silence ]
would be no bar to a plea at any tune that a delivery of a :
part, particularly of the seat of government, was a virtual i
delivery of the whole; whilst, in the mean time, we could
ascertain the views and claim the interposition of the
French Government, and avail ourselves of that and any
other favorable circumstances for effecting an amicable ad-
justment of the question with the Government of Spain."
And the Spanish Minister, Onis, in 1816, upon
a renewal of diplomatic intercourse, insisted, for
a long time, upon the restoration of this country
to the rightful party formerly in possession as a
preliminary and a sine qua non to treating upon
the subject of boundary.
The conduct of our opponents has been no less
strange upon the subject of the causes of complaint
against Mexico and the limits of Texas, than about
the origin and conduct of the war.
They have denounced the President as grossly
false upon the boundary; but no one on this side
the Atlantic has ventured to utter one word against
the truth of the charges against Mexico, for accu-
mulated wrongs against the persons and property
of our people. This is too well known to be de-
nied. Too many have been sufferers to make it
popular to deny it. They attempt to break the
force of this cause of war with Mexico sometimes,
by sneering at extravagant charges set up by actual
sufferers for personal maltreatment—the most diffi-
cult subject to measure in money—and without
adverting to admitted or adjudicated damages; and
sometimes by speaking of it as a mere debt—we
make war upon her because she cannot or will not
"pay her debts;" and then they make war upon the
States of this Union which will not or cannot pay
their debts. But it is not a mere debt. Thpre
was spoliation, force, wrong, fraud, violence, in-
sult, outrage of every character upon those of our
own blood, whom we are bound to defend by every
means m our power, and on every principle of law
and justice. Instead of making war, we endeav-
ored to procure by treaty some indemnity for the
sufferers by a payment of money. The President
has related the history of that matter. Mexico
would make no treaty till the last call prior to war
was made by General Jackson, and since resorted
to every subterfuge to delay payment, and has
finally refused to pay the adjudicated cases, or
make a new agreement for settling the cases left
undetermined. This is no mere debt. Jt leaves
the wrong unredressed; the outrage unsatisfied and
unavenged. It proves to the nations that the
American name and character is no protection; its
flag no safeguard. Gentlemen compare this to a
suspended debt by contract! There is no anal-
ogy. The best defence of the American position
argued by the President—the highest compliment
to American forbearance—the strongest evidence
of the extent and enormity of the outrages—I have
lately seen in an English newspaper, which finds
j our course so unusual that it disbelieves all as a
I monstrous invention of the President. It proves
' the extreme force of our position, which can only
] be overcome by a flat and positive denial of that
! which every man in the Union knows to be as well
| substantiated as any fact in history, and much of
which has been admitted by Mexico herself by
treaty, and by her own commission, and, more,
by an impartial umpire, who examined all the tes-
timony. I quote—
l From the Manchester Guardian.
; "We give m another pait of our present number the lead-
i ing points of the message of President Polk to the Congress
| of the United States, which reached this country late on
: Tuesday night, bv the A*hburton packet %lnp fiom New
York. B\ far the largest portion of this enormous document,
which, if given at length, would fill nearly a page and a half
of the Guardian, is devoted to an exposition of the circum-
stances connected with the commencement of the Mexican
war, and a defence of the justice and policy ot the measures
adopted m relation thereto by the Government of the United
States. Any man deriving his knowledge of the previous
relations between the two countries entirely from this mes-
sage, would he led to concludo that there never had existed
a people so aggressive and truculent as the Mexicans, or a
country so patient and long suffering, under an uninterrupted
succession of grievous outrages, a& the United States—two
lack*, if facts they are, which would certainly cause a little
surprise in the minds of those who derive their knowledge
on the subject from other sources than Pi esidents' messages
Most unquestionably, if the Government of the United States
has, as Mr. Polk asserts, submitted with hut little complaint,
and without taking any active measures for procuring re-
dress, to the continued and systematic plunder of American
vessels and American subjects in the Mexican ports, until
these robberies amounted to upwards of six millions of dol-
lars, either the general character of the United State* Gov-
ernment must have been greatly mistaken by the ret of the
world, or that Government mu<t have acted towards Mexi-
co in a spirit exceedingly diffeient from that which it dis-
plays in its intercourse with other nations, whether weak
or powerful. But will any man other than an American
believe these extraordinary stories? T« it possible that such
acts of plunder and confiscation could have been committed
at all ? And if they had been committed, is it probable that
a Government so tcnaeious and so exigent as that of the
United States, would have suffered them to no on from year
to year without not merely demanding, but exacting full
redress ? Mr. Polk, m fact, tries to prove a great deal too
much; and his efforts in this way serve to throw a genera)
discredit over his statements and his reasoning on this sub-
ject."
But if the subject of the Mexican spoliations has
been met by evasion and subterfuge, we cannot
say as much for the President's positions upon the
subject of the boundary of Texas; that is met with
full and unequivocal denial. 1 cannot better illus-
trate the spirit in which this is done, or fairly
answer, without making fuller quotations than my
time and your patience will properly permit. But
I must quote the folio wing passages from the speech
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Garrett
Davis:]
" I do not. Mr. Chairman, charge Mr. Polk with promul-
gating falsehoods m this message; but I do say, that more
numerous and palpable mis-statements of fact, intentional or
unintentional, have never characterized any previous Presi-
dential message. Nay, more; in number and grossness, f
verily believe they surpass the aggregate error of all prece-
ding messages; and that this paper, in that respect, is enti-
tled to but little credit indeed I will not make so grave a
charge without substantiating it by irrefragable facts.
"Mr. Polk,in his message,informs us: "'The Congressof
' Texas, on the 19th of December, 18116, passed ' An act to
6 define the boundaries of the republic of Texas,' in which
'they declared the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its source,
£ to be their boundary; and by the said act they extenden
4 their < civil and political jurisdiction over the country up to
4 that boundary.' In another part of the message, he say*:
4 The Texas which was ceded to Spain by the Florida treaty
' of 1819, embraced all the country now claimed by the State
'of Texas between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.' Again,
he says: ' The republic of Texas always claimed this river
1 as her w estern boundary, and in her treaty made with Santa
( Ana, in May, 3836, lie recognised it as such.' And again :
'Texas, as ceded to the United States hy France m 180#,
' has been always claimed as extending west to the Rio
< Grande or Jtio Bravo.' These are matters of fact relating
to most important subjects, laid down by President Polk, ia
one of the gravest papers which man i* called upon to pro-
rnulge to the world. Let us examine their truth.
" The Rio Grande, tiom its sources to ite mouth, is some
two thousand miles in length; and for that extent, according
to Mr. Polk, it is, and always has been, the western bound-
ary of Texas. France never ceded Texas to the United
States. Fiance ceded us Louisiana, and had contended that
this cunntry extended from the sources of the Mississippi to
its mouth in the Gulf, embraced the Spanish province of
Texas, and extended vmtivord oj it to the Rio Grande, ami
run tip and comprehended the country upon lh.it river as
high a* the boundary of New Mexico. The Spanish prov-
ince ofTamaulipas lay along the Gulf of Mexico, extending
eastward of the Rio Giande to the river Nueces, and included
Corpus Christi. Ooahuila was the next province of Mexico
above, which also lay principally we*t of the Rio Grande,
hut extended east of that river to the Nueces, and bounded
on a section of this stream above Tamaulipas. The prov-
ince of New Mexico likewise spread on both sides of the
Rio Grande, hut the larger portion of it, in territory and popu-
lation, lay east of that river. France asserted that Louisiana
extended to the lower Rio Grande, fO as to comprehend the
portions of the Spanish piovineps of Tamaulipas and Coa-
huila, lying between it and the Nueces; hut she never set
tip any claim whatever to any part of New Mexico. Fanta
F£, the capital of New Mexico, and all her principal towns,
were east of the Rio Grande, and neither France nor the
United States, holding under her bv treaty, ever dreamed of
a pietension to them, or to a single foot of New Mexico. On
the contrary, both these Powers conccdcd that the eastern
boundaiy of New Mexico was to that extent the western
buuiida>-y ot Louisiana. So far as the*e facts are geographi-
cal, the President of the United States might have learned
them from any old atla* or geography; so far a* they are
diplomatic, our own State Department would have afforded
him ample and authentic confirmation of them. Kntial
information on those points was still more convemort to
Mr.Polk. Mr. Donel*on,our late chan?£ d'affaires to Texa*,
in a letter to Mr. Buchanan, dated July 11, ItJ-Jo, and which
Mr. polk sent with his message to Congress at the beginning
of the last session, says: 'The boundary of Texa*, ;i-> detitled
' by her statutes, runs up the Rio Grande from if mouth m
4 the sea to its source, cutting off portions of Tamauhpa*,
