1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Sill—Mr. Brockenbrough.
Ho. of Reps.
* Coahuiia, and New Mexico. Above the point on the Rio
* Grande where it enters New Mexico there has been no oe-
'cupaney by Texa.<.> Previous to the agreement entered
into by Santa Ana m 1836, after his captivity, and with the
authorities of Texas, no geographical division, no diplo-
matist, no nation, no man, not even Texas herself, had ever
set up the position that she extended to the Rio Grande, or
any further west than the river Nutces. In 1762 France
ceded Louisiana to Spain, and «he receded it to France in
18J0. All tin; country during the intervening period of
twenty-eight years being owned and posseted by Spain,
she otiJ! adhered to and maintained the old and undisturbed
boundary between Texas and the then interidency of San-
tander to be the Nueces; and that above and to the west of
that inteudency, now Coahuiia, as was always the fact,
Texa* extended only to the eastern line of New Mexico.
Fiance never had a settlement nor maintained her laws or
jurisdiction in the valley of the Rio Grande; and the only
people who ever inhabited and the only authority ever
obeyed or known in that country was Spanish. With great
force and reason Spam, in addition to her title, always hav-
ing exclusive possession, contended that Louisiana did not
reach to the Rio Grande. When the United States ceded
Texas to Spam in 1819, ir \va« not the country, but merely
their old, ever-disputed, and never-possessed claim to it, and
that without any boundary, and without even a pretension
extending beyond Coahuiia. Yet President Folk says: 'The
' Texas which was ceded to Spam by the Florida treaty of
' 1819, embraced all' the country now claimed by the State
' of Texas between the Nueces and the Rio Grandethe Santa
F6 country and all."
Again: At page 14, says Mr. Davis:
" But I a«k the special attention of the committee to this
passage in Mr. Polk's, message:
£{C The Texas which was ceded to Spain by the Florida
'treaty of 1819 embraced all the country now claimed by the
'State of Texas betneentfie Nueces and the Rio Grande. The
' republic of Texas always claimed this river a* her western
« boundary, and in her treaty made with Santa Ana, in May,
' 183o. he recognised it as such. By the constitution which
«Texa* adopted in March, 1830, senatorial and representa-
{live di-tricis were organized, extending west of the Nueces.
'The Congress of Texas, on the 19t!i of December, 1836,
' p issed 1 an act to define the boundaries of the republic of
' Texa-J,' in which they declared the Rio Grande, fiom its
1 mouth to its source, to he their boundary, and by the said act
' they extended their' civil and political jurbdiciion5 over the
'country up to that boundary. Duringa period of more than
'nine years, which intervened between the adoption of her
' constitution and her annexation as one of the State- of our
' Union, Texas asserted and exercised many acts of sover-
eignty and jurisdiction over the teintory and inhabitants
4 west of the Nueces. She organized and defined the limits
'of counties extending to the Rio Grande. She established
' courts of justice, and extended her judicial system over the
'territory. She established a custom-house, and collected
i duties, and al&o post-offices and post-roads in it. She es-
{tablnhed a land office, and i-sued numerous giants for land
i within its limits. A Senator and a Representative lesidnig
* fit it were elected to the Congress ot the republic, and
'served as such befoie the act of annexation took place. Irr
< both the Congress and Convention or Texas, which gave
* their assent to the terms ot annexation to the United
* States, proposed bv our Congi ess, were representatives resi-
' dmg west of the Nuece-, who took pan in the act of an-
  nexation itself. This was the Texa< which, hy the act of
1 our Congress of the 29th of December, 1845, was admitted
<as one of the States of our Union. That the Congress of
< the United State? understood the State of Texas which they
'admitted into the Union to extend beyond the Nueces, is
'apparent from the fact, that on the 31st of December, 1845,
'onlv two day® after the aci of admission, they passed a
< law ' to establish a collection district in the State ot Texas,'
* by which they created a port of delivery at Corpus Chri-ti,
'situated west of the Nueces, and being the same point at
« which the Texan custom-house, under the laws of that re-
' public, had been located, and directed that a surveyor to
'collect the revenue should he appointed for that port bv the
' President, by and with the advice and consent of Ihe Sen-
' ate. A surveyor was accordingly nominated, and continued
' bv the Senate, and has been ever since in the performance
4 of his duties. All these acts of the republic ot Texas, and
' of our Consrress, preceded the orders for the advance of
'ourarmvto the east bankofthe RioGraude. Subsequent-
ly, Congress passed an act 'establishing certain post-routes,'
' extending west of the Nueces The country west ot that
' river now constitutes a part of one of the congressional
'districts of Texas, and is represented in the House of Rep-
' resentatives. The Senators from that State were chosen
' by a Legislature in which the country west of that river
1 was represented.'
"The following statements and conclusions are expressly
made in, arid lairlvdeducible from, this remarkable passage:
That Texas, bounding on thoRio Grande, from its month to
its source, was 111 1819 ceded bv the United States to Spain;
that Santa Ana had made a frcatywith Texas recognising
the Rio Grande in its whole length as the western boundary
of Texas ; that bv the constitution of Texas of 1836, senato-
rial and representative distnets were organized along the
whole of that uver line; that Texas e\erci>ed her civil and
political junsdichoii by a maintenance of her power and an
administration of her laws along that entire line; that she
oiganiZL'd and defined the huuts of countiies on this stieam,
from the sea to its head springs ; that she full> occupied that
country wstn couits of justice and her judicial sj stem : with
a custom-house, and post offices, and post roads; with a
land ofbee, and with grants and land titles; tuat her people,
clupienng along the entire inaigin of the Uio Giande, had
agisted in eleetiu? a Representative and Senator to the
Texan Congress before annexation took place; that Repre-
sentatives both in the Congress and convention or Texas
which assented to annexation, bad resided m the, eountiy
upon the Rio Grande; that Texas, up to the entire flow of
that long river, had been admitted as a State into our Union;
that our Congress had established 'certain post routes' oc-
cupy! ng the country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande;
that the entire area between them now formed a part of one
of the congressional districts of Texas, and is represented in
this House ; that her Senators in the other end of tins Capi-
tol were elected by a Legislature who bad been chosen in
part by the representatives of all the people dwelling be-
tween the two rivers ; and that the entire population spread
over this extent of country, from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Spanish peaks, were Texans, and under the authority and
protection of that Government. I appeal to every candid
man if all these propositions are not distinctly stated, or !
would not be reasonably, fauly concluded by any intelligent
mind, uninformed of its various topics, on reading this mo&t
extraordinary passage from the President's message ? How
such a reader would be amazed,on full and accurate exam-
ination, to learn that not one of those propositions is true,
and especially to learn that Texas had not, nor ever had,
civil administration of any kind, nor an officer, nor a resi-
dent citizen, in the whole valley of theRio Giande ; that she
had only a few people stretching a short distance up the
west bank of the Nueces fiom the Gulf, and not amounting
to one-hundredth part of the Mexican population between '
the two rivers, which have never known anything but Mex-
ican rule. I challenge the man of the greatest research and
leading to produce any passage of equal length, from any
language, ancient or modern, having so much and so many
distinct misrepresentations. Certain I am, it has nothing
like a parallel in that respect among all preceding presiden-
tial messages; and foi the authenticity of American State
papers, and the character of oui country, I hope it never will I
have. I do not intend to charge President Polk with false- ;
hood and misrepresentation, akhoush mo«t of the facts i
which I have adduced in his refutation were sent by him in '
the documents accompanying his message to Congress. But ■
to absolve him from that grievous offence ^till leaves him ■
convicted of an amount and a grossness of ignorance about !
matters on which he ought to have the fullest and most accu- j
rate infoimation, which proves him totally incompetent to [
discharge the duties; of his high place But in the folly, stu- j
pidity, and mischievousness of his measures, the country i
has much stronger and more deplorable evidence of the j
truth of this proposition." j
One more quotation, and I shall be done. lie
says:
"There are two modes of uttering an untruth : first, hy
misstating the fact; secondly, by stating the truth in such a
foim as to produce a false impression. Let us see if, in
tins point, he is notjustly chargeable in one or both modus."
I shall apply no such test, and make no such
allegation, against the gentleman from Kentucky.
His party zeal has caused in him a most remarka-
ble misapprehension, amounting almost to an hallu-
cination in a gentleman of his intelligence andean-
dor. His errors are inexplicable. Some are so
palpable on the face of his printed speech that all
may see them. Neither will I use the term mis-
representation towards him, who uses it so liberally
to the President. I suppose him incapable of it.
The pleasant relations which exist between us,
apart from the rules of courtesy, forbid it; and
casting no censure in a matter of taste, I admit
that a new and humble member should not feel
justified in using towards a gentleman of suchwa-
ried and profound learning, and such long and im-
portant political services—standing as a prominent
leader of his party in this Hall, and the representa-
tive of the great imhodiment of all that party
esteems good, and great, and wise in politics—
language which 'he might feel was justly called
down from him upon the President of the United
States!!!
And as to his challenge to "the man of the
greatest research and reading to produce any pas-
sage of equal length from any language, ancient or
modem, having so much and so many distinct
misrepresentations," I presume it is meant to be
confined to that particular man so very learned,
whoever he may be. For, if it was open to com-
mon and illiterate people, I would venture to say,
that there were more "misapprehensions" in the
contradicting passage, than in the passage contra-
dicted. I can sustain the President's language as
written, by documents now before me, for nearly
every word, but I cannot sustain the gentleman's
doubtless accidental distortion of it, or his contra- {
diction. One very remarkable and striking fea- i
ture in these two passages, is this: The President j
throughout is confining himself strictly to the ]
country between the Nueces and the Rio Grand?, 1
the territory in question—the one, the invasion i
of which is said to have caused the war. Fie ■
nowhere goes beyond that, except in quoting a jj
Texas law, which extended over that portion, and I.
more; and he could not quote without using words j
in the law, which go beyond the immediate posi- ,!
tion which he was then defending. It is very \
striking and remarkable that the gentleman from j
Kentucky, whilst quoting to contradict this pas- i
sage, thinks proper in every instance to extend |
guarded language which only applies as far north t
as the source of the short river Nueces, to the i
bead of the long river the Rio Grande, especially
after so much discussion. Even an ignoramus, to
look upon the map, would see that one river rose
this side the mountains, and was not longer on the
map than a man's forefinger; whilst the other came
through a long valley beyond the mountains; and
was more than along hand's span. Upon looking
on the margin, he would find one rising near 33°
north latitude, and the other beyond 38°, or
measured on our Atlantic coast, a little north of
St. Augustine to the neighborhood of Baltimore I
Whatever " the most learned" men might think, it
must astonish an ordinary man to find, when the
President says we ceded to Spain the country be-
tween the " Nueces and the Rio Grande," Mr. D.
says, " Texas on the Rio Grande from its mouth to
its sources' Mr. Polk says, Santa Ana recognised
" that boundary^'—says Mr, D., " along its whole
length." Mr. Polk says Texas organized districts
" west of the Nueces"—Mr. D. says, " along the
whole of that river line," (meaning Rio Grande.)
Mr. Polk says Texas exercised acts of sovereign-
ty "west of the Nueces"—Mr. D. says, "along
that entire line," (the Rio Grande.) Mr. Polk
says Texas (meaning west of the Nueces) "de-
fined counties as far as the Rio Grande"—Mr.
D. says, " on this stream, from the sea to its head
sprirtgs /" Mr. Polk says, in those limits (Nue-
ces and Del Norte) Texas established post offices,
granted lands, &c., and in the Congress and Con-
vention were representatives who resided " west
of the Nueces"—Mr. D. expands this to li her
people clustering along the entire margin of the Rio
Grande," and the members of Congress and the
Convention resided in the country " upon the Rio
Grande." Mr. Polk says that the acts of Congress
mentioned make it apparent that Congress consid-
ered the Texas admitted as extending 41 west of the
NuecesTo Mr. Davis's vision, this becomes
" Texas up to the entire flow of that long river,"
(the Rio Grande.)
If iithe man" to whom Mr. Davis alludes, should
ever accept the challenge, I think he would find
little difficulty in finding the passage required. But
let us examine the authority, and see which is sus-
tained on the main points. Mr. Davis's position
distinctly taken is, that Texas never did extend to
the Rio Del Norte; 41 that up to 1836, no geographi-
cal division, no diplomatist, no nation, no man, not
even Texas herself, had ever set up the position that
she extended to the Rio Grande, or any further west
than the Nueces."
I shall not go over the beaten ground to prove
that every French and American diplomatist and
statesman did claim this identical country, only by
the name of Louisiana, quite up to the Rio Grande;
and that the question was not whether it came to
the Rio Grande, but whether the French settle-
ments have any claim at all, to what is now, and
was then (in Spanish parlance) Texas. At that day,
as now between us and Mexico, the question was
not how far Texas extended west, but whether we
had a right to Texas as a whole by the name of
Louisiana, or Spam, by the name of Texas. And
Mr. Davis can nowhere find the Nueces men-
tioned, still less an imagined line between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande. We claimed to the
Del Norte, and so did France; and Spain did not
deny that our claims would reach the Del Norte,
if the settlements under which the claim was made
had given any claim in the body of the present
State of Texas, but denied that La Salle's settle-
ment, or any other claim whatever, gave us any
rights within Texas as it now exists. When she
compromised at the Sabine, she contended she was
making a cession, and extending Louisiana farther
west than it had previously existed. So far, then,
as Texas was claimed in the controversy by the
name of Louisiana, I defy Mr. Davis, or "the
most learned man," to find a word in the long
diplomatic controversy to show that the American
claim west had any other boundary than the Rio
Bravo del Norte. "Every French statesman, diplo-
matist, and writer claimed to that line. Every
American did the same. Jefferson, Madison, Pmck-
ney, Lningston, Momoe, Adams—all hold one
language. The Fiench commissioner, Latitat—
the same who refused specially to deliver the coun-
try east of the Mississippi to the Florida line of
which Mr. Madison took possession from Spain
| against an act of Congress—the same Laussat ac-
| tualiy delivered possession to the Del Norte, above
