384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
[Feb. 13
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Broclcenbrough.
Ho. of Reps.
the points in question. Mr. Madison says, Janu-
ary 31, 1804, to Mr. Livingston: " With respect
' to the western extent of Louisiana, Mr. Laussat
' held a language more satisfactory. He considered
' the Rio Bravo or Dei Norte, as far as the thir-
' tieth degree of north latitude, as its true bound-
' ary on that side." (2 Foreign Relations, page
574.) The country was claimed as a whole by
France and ourselves. The claim was denied as a
whole by Spain. Neither the gentleman from
Kentucky nor " the learned man" can anywhere
find any division at the Nueces, or the imaginary
line set up in this House between the Nueces and
Rio Bravo. Neither Spain nor ourselves ever men-
tioned it. Of all the great men in America and
France who contended for our line, but one has
repudiated his own arguments and avowed a dis-
belief of his own positions. All others have ad-
hered to their opinions, and their written arguments
are so potent and their facts so well established,
that other great American statesmen have endorsed
them as demonstrations. But the venerable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who
negotiated with Don Luis Onis the treaty of 1819,
has thought proper on this floor to insist that he
maintained our position only as an advocate, and
from a sense of duty to the United States; not from
conviction of its intrinsic merit, or a sense of right
and justice in his own positions then so ably main-
tained. If an eloquent Secretary of State can rea-
son so well as to make the worse appear the better
cause, and adhere so pertinaciously to his posi-
an invasion of Mexico? This raises the question
of title to the country between the Rio Grande and
the Nueces. Mr. Polk argues that question, and
with all the authority in the world to sustain him—
French, Spanish, and American. So far as our
claim was concerned, he says: " The Texas which
was ceded to Spain by the Florida treaty of 1819,
embraced all the country now claimed by the State
ofTexas, between the IN ueces and the Rio Grande."
Mr. Davis adds: " The Santa Fe country and all."
Why add this? The President did not say so.
His language is precisely limited to that portion of
country in controversy, and which the Whigs say
is Tamaulipas, and has nothing whatever to do
with Santa Fe, into which Taylor did not march.
Why add so much to what is said—and going so
far beyond the point in controversy, and then con-
tradicting the whole? Why not contradict the
assertion as it stood ? Virginia owned the State of
Kentucky, and claimed the whole country north-
west of the Ohio to the great lakes and Mississippi.
If one should say "The Kentucky admitted em-
biaced all the lands now claimed by that State,
from the mountains to the Mississippi," nobody
would add, " Ohio and Indiana, and all," for the'
purpose of contradicting it. And, if lie said Ken-
tucky was represented in the old Virginia legisla-
ture and convention; that in Kentucky .Virginia
exercised jurisdiction, granted lands, &c., no one
would suppose he meant to say, her population,
'' clustering around the shores of the great lakes, "had
been represented as Kentucky—and still less would
tions, and thereby force a foieign Power, by dint J! he add that to the assertion, and then say, it was all
of mere ability and pmtnacity, and perhaps supe- l| a misrepresentation. n
rior power, to relinquish a portion of her just ij But let us lay aside all the claims and assertions'I
rights, as now admitted, must we not believe, in I j of American and French diplomacy. Let us agree j
fear and trembling at least, if we do not doubt, the j1 with Mr. Adams, that if not overcome by Don '
eloquent appeals so often made in this Hall by a
distinguished member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] in behalf of what he insists is the right
of petition, and his holy horror of slavery—might
we not be justified in the suspicion of some other
Oms, he ought to have been; that the claim of,
Spain was just and right; that the country from !
the Sabine to the Rio Grande never was Louisiana; ]
that France had no title; that we had none; that !
! the Spanish arguments and facts were irrefragable
political or personal purpose? But may not an and conclusive. And then, is Mr. Polk right or
effect, still more to be deprecated, accrue to our j
foreign relations and. our diplomacy from this an- 1
nouncement, made by a diplomat—a Secretary of
State—an ex-President—a member of this House—
that he advocated an unjust cause on the part of
his country, as an advocate, and not because it "was
wrong ? How did Spain view our release of claim,
which we call a cession ? What did she call the
country which we called Louisiana? Did she
claim the land between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande as Tamaulipas, or as Texas ? If as Texas,
it seems to me even the gentleman from Kentucky
right? It substitutes the old deceit and chicanery \ must admit the President's truth. Prom first to
of diplomacy, even now beginning to be laid aside j last that whole country, and that particular corner,
in the Old World, for the straight-forward and ij was claimed as Texas—nothing butTexas. Never
manly policy which has been the boast of America, 'i as Santander—as Tamaulipas, never. If Mr.
and repudiates the maxim on every American lip J A4ams was overcome by Onis in argument and
and in every American heart—"To ask nothing ; proof, it was proof that it was Texas—not San-
but what is dearly right, to submit to nothing [j tander—not Louisiana. If Mr. Adams now ad-
wrong." This acknowledgment is the more un- j! rnits, that he, and Monroe, and Pinckney, and all |i
fortunate in this case, not only for its future ef- ii were wrong, and Onis right, it is because it was
fects—not only because it tends to throw a shade |l Texas; for that was all that Spain, all that Onis j!
of suspicion over the repeated opinions of other I contended. j;
pure and distinguished statesmen, who have made 1 Strange, indeed, is it that the gentleman from |i
no such avowal—butbecause this very insincerity ! Kentucky and his allies here should know so much f!
was suspected and hinted at by the Spanish Min- jj better, not only than all American and French j.
lftter, and the idea indignantly repelled in strong jj statesmen who have gone before them, but even I;
and forcible An^erican^ language by this same gen- jj than the successful Spanish statesmen, who were,
' e' S/r ^ ' ! as they contend, right, and whose cause they j
! espouse. If Spain claimed and received this coun- ||
try as Texas, and not Tamaulipas, it seems to me j[
| the President is justified, whatever may be the il
| opinion of gentlemen who differ with Spam and j!
; her ministers as to the limits of those provinces ij
| she claims and receives from us. i |
i In Spain, Texas has gone to the Rio Bravo ever !|
I since near the beginning of 1700. Mr. Cevallos,
ne; '
tleman from Massachusetts, then negotiating as
Secretary of State. He says:
"The observation, that trufh is of all times, and that reason
and justice are founded upon immutable principles, lias
never been contested by the United States; but neither
truth, reason, nor ju-tice consists in stubbornness of asser-
tion,nor in the multiplied repetition of error. I referred vou
to the letter from the extraordinary mi-sion of 1805 to Don
Pedro Cevailos, for an ample and satisfactory refutation of
the supposed tacts, grounds, and aiguments now repioduced
by you. You reply by telling in." that' there does not appear
e to be a single incident to give the ^nialle^t support to the
pretensions of my Government; th.it all the vague posi-
tion& on which u has been attempted to found them have
* been refuted and dissipated by the Spanish Governments
by a demonstration so luniirion- and convincing hs to Jpive
4 no alternative to reason to le-ist it.' And you%iore than
once mJthat the American Governmentdoes not it-elf
believe 111 th>' validity of tb<f statements and argumentsUidd
by it* ntini-teis m support of the claims of the United States
as a^eaed by them. 5
" To language and sentiments such as these, the Govern-
ment of tne United State* cannot reply; nor can it, without
an effort, continue at at] a discussion sullied by such un-
Y-T-,hy tUld £,0Un(J!e^s imputations."—[4 Foreign Relations,
4oo.j '
Tru th is of all tbnes. It is humiliating; to see an
Anierican President avow now the truth of an im-
putation, which he then alleged groundless, and the
mere imputation of which sullied the discussion.
that, for them, they would offor to Spam those which were
between the Bio del Norte and the Colorado. Cut as not
only these lands, hut all those which lie between the Colo-
rado and Cape North, drawing a line by the river Mer-
mento, or Mermentao, towards the Presidio of Adias, and
from thence, by the Arroyo Onda, towards Natchitoches, are
a part of the -province of Texas belonging to, and in the un-
inteirupted possession of, his Majesty, without there having
been, in relation thereto, any dispute between Prance and
Spam, (that dispute being solely as to Natchitoches, which
fort the French iah-ed unju?tly in the territory of his Catho-
lic Majesty,) it results that this proposition not onJv does
not offer compensation to his Majesty for West and East
Florida, whose cession the United States intimate would be
very agreeable to them, but it involves the relinquishment
of the property and po^pssion which his Majesty has of
the territory m the province of Texas, which lies between
the Colorado and the vicinity of Natchitoches."—(4 Foreign
Relations, 438.)
Thtts Onis thought it Texas between the Nu-
eces and Rio Grande—it would have strengthened
his argument to say, you run over not only one of
our provinces, but two. You are offering as com-
pensation not only our own province ofTexas, but
a " large part of Tamaulipas," as gentlemen now
express it. It was not "as an advocate,5> then,
or merely as argument that he called it Texas. Nor
was it a "grossness of ignorance about matters of
which he ought to have the fullest and most accu-
rate information." For his correspondence amply
shows that he ransacked not only all the "old
maps and geographies," but all Spanish archives,
histories, and other sources of information, and
gives a history of the settlements ofTexas, Leon,
and Santander, (or Tamaulipas,) Coahuila, and
Nevv Mexico, and the dates of all, and so effectu-
ally sustains himself, that gentlemen contend on
the other side, he ivas right. And Mr. Adams
himself did not then dispute his accuracy in this
particular, in claiming the country for Spain as
Texas and not as Tamaulipas, for he says in his
letter of the 12th of March, 1818, to Onis, "She
(France) always claimed the territory which you call
Texas, as being within the limits and forming a
part of Louisiana/'
Onis adhered to his positions upon this subject,
and continued to maintain them by new facts and
arguments and reference back, until the conclusion
of the treaty in 1819. The Rio del Norte, then,
is the only western boundary of Texas, ever
known or heard of by any " State—any diploma-
tist—any man up to that time." Spain claimed and
received it as Texas up to that line in 1819—until
the final ratification of the treaty by the Spanish
■King in 1820, and the United States Senate in 1821.
There is another, at least semi-official, document
of 1815, showing how the same boundaries were
understood in the provinces themselves, proceed-
ing from one who made it his business to investi-
gate the subject, and had no interest to misstate the
boundary ofTexas. 1 allude to Arispe's M'emoir
to the Spanish Cortes, containing a "Description
of the province of Coahuila, the new kingdom of
Leon, New Santander, and Texas.'' An account
of it may be found m Giles's Register, August 17,
1816:*
There is no pretence that Spain altered the bound-
aries of provinces between 1821 and 1824. At the
later date, the confederation of Mexico was estaS'-
lished, taking the provinces as they theu stood.—
(See White's Recopilacion 375, title X)
CONSTITUTIVE ACTS OF THE MEXTO A.JJ FEDERATION.
Form of Government and Religion.
Art. I. The Mexican nation is composed of the prov-
,«*' TlIE Boundary of Texas.-—Niles's Register, of August
1/, 181G, vol. 10, page 402, contains extracts from a memo-
r>- i * -a «- *, ' rial addressed to the Spanish Cortes jjj J815, befoie Mexico
negotiating with 1 inckney and Monroe, writes at ;! declared her independence, in reference to Coahuila, T^vas
Aranjuez, April 13, 1805: ji a*ld the adjacent countries, by Don M. B. de Arispe,a Span-
who had visited those pait*. He states expie^ly that
a The hmit3 between Louisiana and the Texas have been
| always known, even whtni the French posae.-sed Louisiana, j
! Neai the beginning of the lasst century, the venerable Alan- '
1 zet. ot the order of San Francisco, founded, m the province \
j ofTexas, towards the confines of Louisiana, different mis- I;
j sions, among them Nacogdoches. And a lew yvars attsr he ;,
| wrote, and it was generally known in the writings of those ''
i trails, that the province of Texas, or New Philippines, had ,1
j its boundaries about the middle of the Gulf of Mexico, to ] >
Ponc^nes, the Kb Grande, and to the East Louis-iana."
j The Texas claimed of us, in 1805, then extend- j
| ed to Rio Bravo. But perhaps they learned better
J by 1817. Let us hear Don Onis to Mr. Adams,
| January 16, 1817: j!
Vou did me the honor to applaud a proposition so frank :!
> "• , and liberal, as dictated by equity and goodrfaith, anii made
Hie question, as made by our opponents, is ij ^novvn to me with the same frankness, that the United
th« mn v h tr, /">   . /  5 (I States desired to unite to its dominions nil the tprninnpfi
wad the march to the Rio Grand.e an act of war~
desired to unite to its dominions all the territories
which belong to Spain to the east of the Mississippi; and
... -  a pait*.     cllUb
Coahuila (which then included Chihuahua) is separated from
Texas by the Rio Bravo dei Norte, commonly Rio Grande.
AIjjO, that tiie government ofTexas, kc , under Spain, was
tntnely distinct fiom the viceroyalty of Mexico, Texas not
oeme deemed a part of Mexico.
"This document, connected with other known fact-?, will
serve to show. I. That the Rio Grande was the boundary
of Texas. 2. That in 1835, the date of Texan independence,
Sp^in, not having acknowledged the independence eithei of
Mexico or Tex as, neither coufd trace its title to Spam ; but
both held sovereignty by the same title—that of the «Uf>cess-
xul efforts of the people. 3. That Spain, in acknowledging
tne independence of Mexico in 1P39, did not Give any title to
Texas, because Texas was not a part, under Hpain, oi the
territory whose independence was thus acknowledged, •!.
Spam Itaving subsequently acknowledged the independence
ofTexas, that State, in lb4.r>, held lier indep-ndt neo bv the
same rights-as Mexico, viz: the successful resolve of the
people, and the acknowledgment ot the power to which it
Originally belonged." —Peimsylvaiiian.
