386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 1,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Native Americanism—Mr. Levin.
Ho. of Reps.
the city of New York; it came up fresh from the
hearts of the people; and how was it met on this
floor? They ask for bread, and you give them a
stone. He anticipated, when he first heard of the
memorial, that the craft so natural to political par-
ties would suggest some expedient by which party
avarice might triumph at the sacrifice of a great
principle. It was but reasonable to suppose that
a question of growing popularity would be eagerly
seized upon, even by the Democracy of the coun-
try, if by so doing they could aggrandize their
party without losing them the support or approba-
tion of their foreign allies. If they had been skilful
or adroit, they would at least have granted so much
of the object of the Native Americans as would
have been calculated to allay feeling—at all events
some little sense of remaining honesty would have
attached even to a partial demonstration, of a dis-
position to arrest this monstrous evil, which, under
a systematic effort of the crowned heads of Eu-
rope, was marching on at a rate of geometrical pro-
gression. If you desire to check it (said Mr. L.)
show to Europe that she cannot take possession of
your ballot-box; and in connexion with an exten-
sion of the naturalization law, give to the every-
day working man, a protection in the form of a
capitation tax. If you are opposed to a specific
duty, make it ad valorem. Take the estimate—the
value put upon these foreign paupers and criminals
by the politicians and demagogues of the day on
theeveof an important election—give us the twenty
per cent., and we are content. Astringent checks,
and astringent only, such as are advocated by the
Native Americans, can save the country. The
evil will continue to increase until the na-
tive America*! vote shall be equal to the for-
eign vote, and then- the question will be set-
tled. Instead of becoming the ally of any other
party, one of the two old parties must ultimately
come to us, and save the nation. The rising gen-
eration is moving, and its workings will be seen
and heard of yet! The proposition of the Native
Americans was a plain one. If, in the time of Mr.
Jefferson it was deemed necessary, in self-defence,
to pass a five-year law—when our western country
was a wilderness—when educated and responsible
men only came as emigrants—when only six or
eight thousand annually landed at all the ports of
the United States—and when they melted into the
mass of American population—what ought to be
the check now, m view of the change in the con-
dition of our country—in view of the deteriorated
character of the foreign population—in view of
the fact that nearly two hundred thousand had
landed at theshigle port of New York since the first
day of March last, and thatinstead of amalgamating
with the mass of the American population, they
stand out as a distinct political organization, under
the control of foreign leaders > Of these thousand
of emigrants who annually flood our shores, how
few are qualified to assume the functions of a re-
publican voter, or discharge the duties of an Ameri- i
can citizen in any of the political relations of life ! I
In relation to their numbers, they present a fright- j
ful array of power, especially when we cast a pro-!
spective glance into the future, and contemplate
what they will be, if not arrested by timely legis-
lation. 1 a
The quantity of this foreign material, imported
for political manufacture, (said Mr. L.,) was not
less alarming than its quality, and its quality
caused the American to shudder when he reflected
that such elements would be brought to bear to
accomplish the overthrow of our inestimable in-
stitutions. Can the tenaTits of the poor houses of
ivtrope (said Mr. L.) land on our shores with
faculties so formed by nature, or so fashioned by
education, as to become the conservative element
of oui free institutions, whose very basis demands !
intelligence, patriotism, and viuue in the voter?
This question answered itself. No American was
willing to rest the conservation of his freedom on
such a foundation, were he not attached to one or
the other of the two old parties of the day, who
rely on it as a necessary means of political aggran-
dizement. And herein resides the evil of foreign
immigration, and the evil of the foi cign vote which
both the old parties so devoutly court, as the only
means by which they can vanquish each other.
But I perceive a smile on the face of an amiable
gentleman, caused, peihaps, by the idea that the
very tempestuous weather of the last fall, has left
the cause of the Native Americans too hopeless to
justify any further appeals in its favor on this
floor. This delusion is common with those who
overlook the moral structure of principles, in their
calculations of^political success, as constituting the
standard of political merit. If this paradox were
admitted, how utterly hopeless would the pros-
pects of our Democratic friends appear, who, in
"the heavy rains" of the last fall, seem to have
been so totally washed into political annihilation.
Victory was no longer the badge of merit on that
side of the House.
Mr. L. felt well assured that the "Whigs, who
now, after so many years of adversity, still held
up their heads in temporary triumph, were not
willing to admit that one defeat swept a party from
the face of the earth. On the contrary, that party
had continued to flourish by its very disasters,
gaining fresh energy from every fall, and only
falling to secure, like Antasus, new energy by
striking the earth. The faces of our Democratic
friends show, by being wreathed in smiles, that
they are nothing daunted by their late disasters,
because, like an brave spirits, they live in the
hope of recovering from their reverses. And let
me assure gentlemen that the Native Americans
are least of all discouraged or dismayed by what
may seem to be a defection in their ranks. A great
and absorbing question, and one so truly national
as to carry away a portion of the Native Ameri-
can vote, has given a shock to all parties, throw-
ing even his great majesty, the Democratic king,
into the very jaws of defeat. The protection of
American labor, as embraced in the tariff of 1842,
and crushed by the tariff of 1846, has- subtracted
tens of thousands of voters from the Democratic
party, while, on the scale of proportion, allowing
for the infancy of the Native American party, it
has subtracted tens from the Natives. The ab-
sorption of popular interest on that question was
sufficient to derange the ranks of theNatives, who
are always carried away in their feelings by na-
tional and American appeals; and they accordingly
rushed to the polls to aid in extinguishing the fires
which British torches had applied to American
industry. Having made a demonstration in favor
of American interests, they have now returned to
their ranks, and, raising their banner higher than
ever, now renew the combat, with a shout of de-
fiance, that is the certain presage of ultimate vic-
tory. The moral power of a principle like that of
the Native Americans rises superior to the acci-
dental circumstance of being a minority. Men
who act from the dictates of conscience in the dis-
charge of a political duty, always act the same,
and present a moral grandeur—a sublimity of
moral grandeur—which extorts applause even from
our foes. Both the old parties compliment the
Native Americans by calling them disguised
Whigs, as alleged by the one, and disguised Dem-
ocrats, as alleged by the other. Facts (said Mr.
L.) in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania,
refute this calumny of our venerable opponents.
Mr. RATHBUN rose to a point of order. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania was discussing mat-
ters having no relevance to the bill before the
House.
Mr. LEVIN. T am surprised to hear such a
charge come from either party on this floor. The
Native Americans had expected the short session
to be a session of business, and they had accord-
ingly set an example which both "parties might
profit by. They had not obtruded themselves,
even while others were engaged in their favorite
game of President-making. He (Mr. L.) felt that
he was speaking in order; and if the gentleman's
rules of order had been the adopted rule of action
in this House, there would have been less speak-
ing and moie business done. He (Mr. L.) was
proceeding to show that the affinity of attraction,
as well &3 the amnity of cohesion, lies between the
two old parties in the great question to which
they are so strenuously opposed in our national
redemption from the pollution of the ballot-box.
Having settled that, he proposed to demonstrate
that the foreign material of the ballot-box, which
vacillated in its support of Whigs one year and
Democrats the next, rendered it impossible that
either of the old parties could ever undertake to
redeem the nation from thatgulf of corruption into
which a class of alien and pauper voters necessa-
rily plunged it. Deprive either party of this for-
eign aid, and where would be their triumphs ?—
where their asccndency?—where their pride and
pomp? The foreign vote in the United States now
amounted to nearly half a million, and was fully-
competent to turn the scale from Whig to Demo-
crat, or Democrat, to Whig, at every annual elec-
tion. Both the old parties seemed to feel that their
very existence depended on the continuance of the
supply: the Democrats having possession of it—
the Whigs hoping to secure it; and hence neither
seemed willing to choke up the fountain that nour-
ished the upas tree of their power. When such
parties ask us to disband (said he) our organiza-
tion, we may well snatch up our arms to make a
more determined resistance. The institutions of
American freedom are only safe in the hands of
that party which adopts as its leader and its guide,
through the wilderness of political anarchy, the
immortal statesman who founded this glorious
Confederacy on the basis of the public virtue. To
the Native Americans has this sacred task been
confided; and they will redeem the pledge, though
they should be called on to sacrifice all present
blessings for the security of the rights of future
generations. He had before made allusion to the
absorbing character of the tariff, as having shaken
the organization of all parties, and scattered to the
winds the profound calculations of the most astute
politicians, as to the result of the fall campaign of
1846. Why was the tariff question an absorbing
question ? Simply because it was an American
one in opposition to foreign interests. The people
rushed to the polls in a mass, inspired by the
most devout enthusiasm for the country, in oppo-
sition to measures which struck a deadly blow at
American rights. It was not a party triumph.
On the general issue of American interests, it was
a triumph of the American people. In like man-
ner, the principles of the Native Americans are
absorbing principles. They must triumph, when
they have nothing more formidable to encounter
than the ordinary struggles of the two old parties
of the day.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has been called to order once or twice.
The Chair decides that he is not in order—that it
is not in order, in discussing this bill, to discuss
the principles of Native Americanism, or of any
other party. The Chair does not know now to
what the gentleman's remarks are tending, but
notifies him that he must confine himself to the bill.
Mr. LEVIN. What, sir? Canl speak of coun-
try without touching upon Native American princi-
ples? Can I advert to any question of national
importance without'breathing the spirit of Native
Americanism ? The first principle of our party is
love of native land. I have seen but little of it
manifested on this floor, and indeed only alluded to
when party feeling saw fit to borrow its hues for
an ornament or wear its garb for a disguise ! Not
permitted in this House to speak of love of coun-
try ! Sir, to its inspiration Rome owed her grandeur
—Babylon her magnificence—Athens her learn-
ing—Tyre her trade—Troy her martial spirit—
Carthage her commerce—Alexandria her opulence.
It has crowned Egypt with pyramids—filled Per-
sia with gardens—made Greece invincible m arms,
unrivalled in art, matchless m eloquence—and will
yet secure to this nation and to this House the
glorious a,id inestimable privilege of freedom of
speech!
Mr. L. then proceeded. Both of the old parties
rely upon measures in their political campaigns; and
had it not been for the mere accident of the tariff
of 3846, they would have entered upon the cam-
paign of that year without a solitary issue by
which to rouse popular sympathy to action. He
mentioned this fact merely to show the precarious,
evanescent, and uncertain objects of the two old
parties, who will soon have nothing left to battle
against but the vast organization of the Native
Americans—an organization which springs from
the hearts of mothers, and sons, and daughters of
the land, and that already tpreads its extensive
ramifications into fifteen Spates, welling forth fiom
every inch of American -nl;. When it comes to
that issue, as come it must—the Aniericin party
against the foreign party—who can doubt but that
the Jlmericcm interest will prove the all-absorbing
one, and that every honest, whole-souled Ameri-
can will come out from the ranks of the foreign
allies and join the standard of Washington. As
