1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Mc Clean.
Ho. op Reps.
he before said, you cari only arrest this evil by a
vigorous, prompt, and successful effort to bring up
the statute books of the land to the crisis. Your
statute books, he said, were a libel on American
institutions, and do most atrocious violence to the
spirit and genius of the American Constitution.
Your naturalization laws are obsolete in principle
—obsolete in object—obsolete in tendency—and
most destructive in practice. Their- obvious and
laudable design, when first passed, was to adopt a
class of aliens as American citizens who were
qualified by morals, manners, and education to aid
in the expansion of our then wild country and the
consolidation of our new and untried government.
Wise in their generation, they have now become
the political opprobrium of the nation. An en-
lightened policy—-conforming to existing circum-
stances—appeals to us to wipe those antiquated
Jaws from our statute books. Europe no longer
drives her valuable and gifted sons—her useful and
virtuous subjects from her domains by the perse-
cutions of state policy, or the tortures of bigoted
superstition.
A new era has broken upon Europe. Famine
and liberality seem to go' hand in hand. One
plague now settles upon Europe, and that reaches
only the lowest class of her population. The
potato rot has spread famine among that class of
her population, who, born to labor, languish in
want and die in ignorance of their right to the
morsel which would have so.ved them from an
agonizing death. The policy of their governments
now is, to burden us with this refuse mass of
•wretchedness, and rid themselves of those who
populate their poor-houses. To feed these un-
happy beings when they come among us, is a
work of humanity. God forbid, while we have
bread, we should refuse it to the cravings of hun-
ger ! But that is not the question. An American
never disputes a point of charity, or benevolence—
you may increase your poor rates, according to
the extent of your humane sympathies, and none
will blame you for your effort to hush the cries of
suffering humanity. But tlfere stop. Peed them
—clothe them—shelter them; but for the sake of
humanity—-for the sake of your country—for the
sake of your children, do not endow them with
the attribute of sovereignty—do not rally to the i
polls this living mass of moral putrescence and j
pitiable ignorance. This is the point at which to ;
suspend the further operation of your naturaliza-
tion laws, and protect your country against the
political influence of the starved-out refugees of
European poorhouses and almshouses—hundreds
of whom, as the memorial from New York assert,
perish on our wharves as they land, and thousands
of whom arc driven to crime to obtain the first
morsel they eat among us.
Shall such men, sir,compete with free Americans
in the exercise of the right of suffrage.'' Shall we
taint our institutions by political fellowship with
such as these, who in the hands of artful and de-
signing demagogues are banded together, to give
the casting vote for the rulers of the land, whether
those rulers be honest or culpable—competent or
incapable—patriots or traitors ? No logic can refute
the truth of this position as a general position, that
in proportion as the constituency are debased, the
Government will be corrupt, incapable, and un-
scrupulous, and our organic institutions in danger
of dissolution from the disgust and want of faith
excited by their infraction. A government certain
of election will rush headlong into all party ex-
cesses, calculating on impunity .in the vices or
ignorance of the people to apply the political pen-
alty to its violators. This combination of foreign
voters devoted to the party which favors its politi-
cal franchise, amounts to impunity for official foily
and administrative crime.
He (Mr. L.) was not describing an abstract pos-
sibility or painting the scencs of fancy under the
impulse of an ardent imagination. lie wa3 de-
scribing events that daily, hourly, passed under
the observation of every man in this nation, and
what in this House was as familiar as the very
furniture which they see so often as to lose all
consciousness of its perception. Is not power
constantly perpetrating acts of hostility against the
Constitution, which it would not dare to commit
if it did not place reliance for impunity on the in-
tellectual and moral incapacity of those foreign
voters ? Where shall we look for American rights
when the Constitution, thus daily battered and
abused, finally bends to this perpetual struggle
against its integrity? Shall the American who
loves freedom for its own sake, and who loves his
country because it is the chosen homestead of free-
dom, sit tamely by and behold this ruthless and |
wanton wreck of the rights of his children and the '
glory of the republic without making a single
struggle to save the precious institutions of his
fathers' Are we to turn on every side in search
of a principle of regeneration, and turn in vain—
until a recurrent circle of cause.and effect, like the
mystic emblem of the Egyptian, points to an eter-
nity of wo ?
But you will say, " The Union is still entire !"
"The Constitution, though sadly battered, still
survives!" So will a man with twenty gashes in
his flesh; so will a man with a score of bullets in
his body. He may still survive; but another gash
ends his existence. The conclusion, however,
with the wicked, is, that if a constitution will bear
so many gashes it will bear more. More are given,
and your constitution lies in the dust powerless ;
and inert. * i
I stated last year, (said Mr. I,.,) to the members |
of this House, that a storm was gathering over our i
i land. I ventured to direct your eyes to the sisms \
j of evil import which darkened the horizon. Has ;
, the result shown that the warning was false, or
i that the alarm was premature ? Has not the small {
j cloud enlarged into gigantic masses which, as they I
sweep thwart the firmament, look like spirits of |
evil hastening to some scene of fearful conflict— i
American with American—meanwhile amid the !
thickening gloom, seeking, with almost fratricidal i
eagerness, to fasten on each other the damning ac- j
cusation of treason to the Union. Whence this
hellish spirit? Could it have sprungfrom our vir-.
gin soil; No, sir. The mandate comes from i
Europe—" March to the ballot box, combine your !
votes, carry out the pious intentions of his holiness i
the Pope"—as delivered in the letter of Daniel j
O'Connell to the repealers of Cincinnati. The j
seed of discord has thus been sown—its effects are i
before you. :
Mr. THURMAN. Does the gentleman remem-
I ber the reply of the repealers of Cincinnati to the
letter of Daniel O'Connell, in which they repudi-
ate its sentiments with indignation '
Mr. LEVIN. I remember the reply of the re-
pealers of Cincinnati, and I remember, too, that,
although they rebuked him, they still continued to
forward their money in aid of Irish repeal, looking |
to the ulterior end promised by Daniel O'Connell of j
" bringing down the American eagle in its pride of j
flight'" Their desertions in the army show with i
peculiar emphasis how well qualified they were to ;
become, sovereigns of our soil. j
Mr. THURlVtAN. The gentleman will find, by :
looking at the record, that a majority of the de-,
serters were Americans. |
Mr. LEVIN. It may be so. A large majority ;
of our brave troops are Americans. If they did
;t leave or desert, they did not desert to the enemy! ;
ji Without entering into detail, allow me to say, that
!! no mail can escape the conviction impressed on his
N mind by the current of living events—no man j
ji could disguise the facts stamping themselves on ]
jj the puiiliciecords, that love for foreigners is rapidly ,
j! taking theplacc of love for our own brethren—that '
'i love for foreign territory is eating out all love of!
!| native land—that reverence for the Constitution is ■
i! hourly growing more feeble, and confidence in the ;
i; Federal Union giving way to mistrust and sits- j
j picion. These feelings alone, unless speedily ar-;
II rested by measures calculated to invigorate the !
!' sentiment of popular nationality, and concentrate j
ij the virtuous feelings of the people to the rightful |
h exercise of power, must gradually, but inevitably, |
j' overturn our free institutions. The foreign balance
j | vote may create public, agents to abuse public ,
11 trusts; but these foreign votes, instead of inspiring !
]' confidence, shake the popular faith in the Grovem-
! rncitt to its very centre. When did any system of t
ij government stand without the affection and fealty
j! of the natives of the soil' When did any system
|! of government survive the public virtue, which
11 could alone give it security and power? The sud-
'I den disruption of this great republic is never to be
'! apprehended. No shock of physical violence can
' loosen its foundation, or displace its keystone.
1 The danger to be apprehended arises from moral
deterioration, and the wear and tear of abuses
growing hourly in enormity. Once bring popular
institutions into contempt—show that the Consti-
tution is but a rope of sand, and that its provisions
have ceased to be r&pected by its ministers, and
the edifice of freedom is laid in ruins on the earth,
like
" Tile prostrate dome,
Mingling its marble with the dust of Home I33
I make no appeal to politicians and partisans, (said
Mr. L.) My reliancc is upon the young—upon
the rising generation of his country—ardent in
feeling, pure in principle, undaunted in purpose
—the youth of America would yet redeem the
nation, and purge it from the pollution of a
fraudulent ballot-box. In the city and county of
Philadelphia alone, seven thousand youths, be-
tween the ages of sixteen and twenty-one, were
enrolled as Native Americans, and the day was not
far distant when they would lead the van. In his
own ward the boys have a beautiful banner. Its
blazonry was most significant of the present, and
yet inspired the most cheering hopes of the future.
That banner bore upon it the figure of the old ship
—the " Constitution." She is represented in a
storm. The lightnings seem to flash and the thun-
ders to roar. The brave mariners wax faint. The
helmsman is about to surrender his charge, and
even hope itself seem curdled to despair. But at
that moment the youths of America appear upon
the beach, and one of them, seizing a speaking-
trumpet, eries out with a voice which is heard
even above the howling of the tempest—-"Fathers!
fathers! hold on till we come!" And I tell you,
sir, that under God's blessing, we will hold on !
It is/or them that we labor, and it i3 through them
tha t we shall triumph !
THE MEXICAN WAR.
REMARKS OF MR. McCLEAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In thf. House op Representatives,
February 4, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the Civil and Diplo-
matic Appropriation Bill—
Mr. McCLEAN said:
Mr. Chairman: I ought, perhaps, to congrat-
ulate myself, that after many unsuccessful efforts,
I have at last succeeded in obtaining the floor.
I know the. priceless value which, looking to the
brief period yet allotted to our deliberations, is
attached to its possession. I promise the com-
mittee that I will make a discreet use of my good
fortune. It is known, that during the period
of my service here, I have trespassed but seldom
on the time of the House; and I will now appro-
priate to myself no greater portion of it than may
suffice to enable me to present, for the information
of my constituents, and in as narrow compess as
possible, the views I entertain in relation to those
great national questions upon which we are called
to decide. I shall, therefore, avail myself of the
universal privilege awarded to us in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and passing
by the bill under consideration, shall direct the few
remarks I have to make to that one great, absorb-
ing topic which engrosses at this time the undi-
vided attention of the whole American people.
It is my deliberate conviction, that the war in
which, unhappily, we are at present engaged with
Mexico, is a just and necessary war, and that it
could not have been avoided without an ignomin-
ious sacrifice of those great rights and principles
recognised, enforced, and vindicated by every in-
dependent nation upon earth. The man does not
live who would welcome the return of peace with
deepei gratification than myself. I believe that
the united voicc of the country is for peace—peace
on just and honorable terms. And I am satisfied that
the only mode by which that most desirable consum-
; mation can be attained is a vigorous and efficient,
i prosecution of the war. Forbearance oil the part of
! the United States has ceased to be a virtue. Peace
! must be obtained; and the only alternative now left
i us is, speedily and efficiently to strengthen our
forces in Mexico, and dictate terms to her at the
I point of the bayonetand at the mouth of the cannon,
i For this issue, eveiy true republican in our coun-
