390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. McClelland.
Ho. of Reps.
words is that in regard to the office of lieutenant
general. No facts were stated, no developments
made, and no valid reasons were assigned, which
could induce me to vote for the creation of such
an office. If I understood the object correctly, it
■was to combine m this officer high civil and mili-
tary functions, and to confer upon him powers
never before conferred on any other person. No
one will contend that this should be done ex-
cept under the most extraordinary circumstances.
When the office of lieutenant general was created
in 1798 and given to General Washington, it was
purely military, and had no other character. He
was the man of all others that the American people
would have selected in such an emergency, and no
officer in the army would have objected to it, be-
cause it was but a few years before when he was the
leader of all our armies, and his talents and qualifica-
tions had been fully tested. Moreover, he was to
command in a defensive war, and all his acts would
have been under the eye of the President. The
person who might have been selected by the Execu-
tive, had the measure been adopted by Congress,
may have fulfilled his highest expectations, but I
confess I feared the experiment. Cases may arise
in our history where it is necessary to take such
steps, but, in my judgment, they should admit of
no doubt as to their necessity or propriety. The
precedent is dangerous, and ought if possible to
be avoided. Innovations of such magnitude and
importance should not be permitted unless the
safety of our armies or the security and perma-
nency of the Union itself demands them.
Mr. Chairman, I considered it due to myself to
say this much in regard to the votes I have given
against two measures that received the sanction of
the Executive. I regretted to differ from him, and
therefore felt it necessary briefly to explain the rea-
sons of that difference. I shall now proceed to
discuss the question more immediately before the
committee.
The bill appropriates the sum of three millions
of dollars, to be placed at the disposal of the Presi-
dent, for the purpose of ending the war, and se-
curing to this country once more the blessings of
peace. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wilmot] proposes to add a proviso prohibiting
slavery m any territory to be acquired by treaty
or otherwise from Mexico. No one can doubt,
from the remarks of the chairmen of the Commit-
tee of Foreign Relations in the Senate and House,
that in treating with Mexico the Executive expects
to obtain territory as an indemnity for the claims of
our citizens, and perhaps for the expenses of the
war, and that this appropriation may be used to
effectuate this purpose. If so, then the proviso
seems proper, because it is a mere condition an-
nexed to the grant of money made with that view.
1 shall, however, vote for the bill, whether the pro-
viso be adopted or not. It is better to make the
naked appropriation, and thus secure a peace with
Mexico and speedily terminate the war than to
expend fifty times the amount, besides the lives of
our brave and gallant countrymen, and at the ex-
piration of a long and protracted war arrive at
nearly the same result. This appropriation is not
without precedent, and may be looked upon in the
natth'e of secret-service money. I have no hesita-
tion in placing it at his disposal, believing that it
will be used by him with prudence and economy,
and for the accomplishment of a desirable end.
We have been asked, Mr. Chairman, whether
we would embarrass the President, by compelling
him, in any treaty he may conclude with Mexico,
to ingraft this proviso on it. They must be wil-
fully ignorant, who have heard this debate, and
still persist in charging any such design upon its
advocates. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[.Vlr. Wilmot] has, in the most emphatic and in-
telligible manner, disclaimed it; and such has been
the tone of all who have followed him. Yet, the
tauut is thrown out, and, I mast believe, for some
special purpose, that we are determined to subject
the Executive to the humiliating position of per-
mitting the Mexican Government to dictate to us,
in a treaty, terms involving our domestic institu-
tions. Sil, look at the proviso itself, and what
more can you make of it, than a mere declaration
of the determination of Congress, in the event of
any territory being acquired from Mexico by con-
quest, or purchase, to prohibit the extension of
slavery over it. This is the plain English of it,
and nothing else. Mexico has nothing to do with
our domestic or municipal regulations, and this
proviso is not intended to recognise any such right
in her. I would spurn* the idea of permitting any
foreign Government to interfere with any other
than our foreign relations. But what are the facts
in relation to this movement? At the last session,
the belief pervaded the House that the war would
not be terminated without an acquisition of terri-
tory; and when a similar bill was under discus-
sion, a like proviso was attached to it by a large
vote, the whole North being nearly unanimous.
It was defeated in the Senate. At this session it
has been proclaimed to be the intention of the con-
stituted authorities to make the acquisition of terri-
tory a sine qua iion. Would it then be fair, or
manly, or magnanimous, for northern men to with-
hold their opinions upon a question of such mo-
ment, and not unfold their views to their southern
friends until the country is acquired, and many of
them, with their slaves, have sought for and ob-
tained abodes in it? When called upon by south-
ern men to come forward and discuss it, I think it
is too late for us to decline.'
Much has been said about the agitation of this
question at this critical period, and many have
deeply regretted it. It cannot be charged to my-
self, for until now I have had ntf lot or part in it.
But in justice to those who have advocated the
tend, the authority of the Government is plenary
and potential. Mr. Madison says, " Its jurisdic-
tion extends to certain enumerated objects only,
and leaves to the several States a residuary and
nviolable sovereignty over all other objects."
What is the implication here, but that a portion of
sovereignty was retained by the States, and a por-
tion surrendered to the General Government, both
of which must be respected, and neither trenched
upon. In the construction of the Constitution, an
isolated section, or paragraph, should not be exam-
j ined and passed upon without regard to the residue.
, The whole must be taken together to ascertain the
I precise meaning and bearing of any particular por-
i tion thereof. If some of those who have preceded
j me had adopted this rule, they themselves would
: have been much relieved, and the subject would
j have been stripped of many of its difficulties. The
; query has been propounded with much apparent
' exultation, if you have the right to exclude slavery
under the Constitution, what limit is there to your
legislative power over territories ? We answer,
the restrictions of the Constitution itself. The
power to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory, or other prop-
erty belonging to the United States, is restrained
by other provisions of the same instrument. Un-
der this power, no authority can be claimed to
establish any particular religion, nor to abridge
principles of this proviso, all must admit that they |] the freedom of speech, nor to prevent the people
have not commenced the discussion at this session.
What is the history of the whole matter? After j
the treaty with Great Britain was consummated i
and ratified, by which the difficulties about Oregon !
were amicably settled, a bill establishing a territo- •'
rial government was introduced into and passed i
the House. It had the anti-slavery clause in it, |
and was voted for by many southern members.
from petitioning the Government for a redress of
grievances. These are all express limitations, and
must be regarded as of equal force with the power
itself. We have, however, the power to impose
taxes upon the inhabitants of a territory, to regu-
late the right of suffrage in it, and, if we deem it
advisable, to legislate for it without the interven-
tion of a local legislature. All the acts of the legis-
The Senate did not act on it, and it consequently : < lative council of a territory are subject to the super-
failed to become a law. We all know how zeal- ! vision, revision, and correction of Congress; and
ously we were urged to settle the Oregon question, i ! the organic" law prescribed for the government of
so as to extend our laws over that territory, and lj the Territories has in many cases deprived the in-
protect the lives and rights of American citizens. habitants of many of Jhe privileges enjoyed by the
Well, early in this session a similar bill was again
reported, and, after some delay, was acted on.
This embraced, substantially, the ordinance of
1787. When it was under discussion in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] mov-
ed, in effect, to insert the Missouri compromise,
which, after a tedious and exciting debate, was
rejected. Again it was proposed in the House,
again discussed, and again rejected. The bill
passed, and was sent to the Senate. It was refer-
red to a committee, of which a majority are mem-
bers from the slaveholdmg States, and the ordi-
nance of '87 was stricken out, and the bill report-
back with amendments. The
States. In the Oregon bill we have fixed bounda-
ries to the powers of the legislative council over
banking, contracting debts, and the right of suf-
frage.
In the debate in the Convention that framed the
Constitution, I believe, no allusion is made to the
acquisition of foreign territory, and peihaps no
such object was contemplated by its members.
But that foreign territory may be acquired by this
Government is no longer an open question, it
having been sanctioned by all the different depart-
ments of the Government—legislative, executive,
and judicial. The war and treaty-making powers
are ample for this purpose; and, under them?this
territory will be acquired constitutionally. When
ed back with amendments. The bill with this |!
amendment did not appear strong enough, (as I j. acquired, it necessarily falls under the provisions
learn,) and it was recommitted, and the committee || of the Constitution, and is subjected to its opera-
inserted in lieu of the anti-slavery clause the Mis- !! tion as effectually as if it had been originally part
souri compromise. It remains yet to be seen ]j of the Union. The practice of the Government,
whether the Senate will pass this bill in that shape, h in the case of Louisiana and Florida proves this,
or whether, indeed, they will pass it at all. I can-11 Will any one pretend that the members of the
not conceive how the gentlemen from the South i! Convention, at the time of framing the Constitu-
will reconcile this course with the main and prin- M tion, dreamed of a State being admitted into the
cipal argument, that the whole subject should be
entirely submitted to the inhabitants of the territo-
ry, as in this instance this has been anticipated by
the people of Oregon. Such, Mr. Chairman, is the
sad spectacle presented to us, and yet we are im-
plored not to agitate.
Notwithstanding the ordinance of 1787 and the
Missouri compromise, it is contended with great --- =    
warmth and zeal that Congress has not the power j| " Federalist," fer. Madison discusses briefly the
i being
Union, which did not, at that period, constitute a
part of our territorial limits? And yet the same
men who now oppose this measure on the ground
that the provisions of the Constitution will not
apply to the territory to be acquired, argued that
Texas could be properly admitted under the pro-
vision of the Constitution authorizing " new States
to be admitted by Congress into this Union." In the
of excluding slavery from the territories of the
United States; and some have gone so far as to
deny that we have any constitutional authority to
establish a territorial government. The one, in
my judgment, involves the other; and both strike
me as strange positions at this period of our politi-
cal existence. The principal reason assigned is,
that sovereignty does not reside in the General
Government, but in the States or people. It is
unnecessary for us to contend that Congress, or
propriety of this paragraph, and shows the grounds
upon which it is based. He then takes up the
other paragraph of the same section, being the one
on which we rely for our power to establish terri-
torial governments, and says, " this is a power of
very great importance, and required by considera-
tions similar to those which show the propriety of
the former." Now, here is a section of the Con-
stitution embracing two paragraphs only, the one
relating to the admission of new States into the
this Government, is sovereign. That it possesses Union, the other to the disposition of the territory
many powers and attributes of sovereignty must jj of the United States; and here is Mr. Madison's
be conceded. The people, through the States, remarks to the people of the Union in regard to
have delegated to it certain express powers, such j; them. Can there be a doubt of the relation of the
as to lay and collect taxes, to coin money, and to jj one to the other ? The one gave to Congress the
declare war, which are among the highest attri- j power of governing it until prepared to enter the
tes of sovereignty. So far as these powers ex- n Union, and the incipient steps were taken for its
