1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr, McClelland.
Ho. of Reps.
admission; the other conferred the power to admit
the State, throwing off its territorial character, into
the Union. The proceedings of the Convention,
relative to these two clauses, also show that this
was the design.
Gentlemen inquire what authority we have to
exclude their property from this territory. The
answer ^is easily given: we do not attempt it.
Slaves, in contemplation of the Constitution, are
not property, but persons. The authority for ex-
cluding aliens and free blacks applies as well to
slaves. But the policy and propriety of the ex-
clusion is very different in the three cases. We
have the power of prohibiting any persons, not
citizens, from emigrating and settling there. That
slaves are not property or merchandise may be
considered as fully settled. In the case of Groves
et al. vs. Slaughter, (15 Peters' Reports,) Mr.
Walker, (now Secretary of the Treasury,) in a
very elaborate argument before theSupreme Court,
shows this most conclusively. Speaking of the
constitutional power of Congress to regulate com-
merce between the States, he says:
" The commerce to be regulated was that universal com-
merce m articles of merchandise, regarded as such in all
the States, and throughout the nation, and which existed in
every State, and which commerce was not to be cieated or
aboh«hed by State laws, but was subject between all the
State© to the supreme, exclusive, and uniform regulation of
Congress. It was commerce in merchandise, and regarded
a* such by all the State*, and not commerce m persons, that
was thus deigned to be regulated by Congress.' * r
ts It is the Abolitionists who must wholly deprive the slaves
of the character of poisons, and reduce them m all respects
to the level of merchandise, before they can apply to them
the power of Congress to regulate commerce among the
States." * * c< The master has no right to the flesh and
blood, the bones and sinews of any man, under the laws of
the South. ' *• * And the light is to the services of tile
slave."—(See Jones's case, Walker's Miss. Reports, 83.)
In the same case of Grover and Slaughter, Judge
McLean took the same view of the question, and
Mr. Madison, in the fifty-third number of the
Federalist, says: *
" The Federal Constitution decides with great propriety
on thp case of our slaves, when it views them m the mixed
character of persons and property."
And again:
"Let the case of the slaves be considered, as it is in truth,
a peculiar one. Let the compromising expedient ot the
Constitution be mutually adopted, which regards them as
inhabitants, but as debased by servitude below the equal
level of free inhabitants."
It is plain, then, that the exclusion or prohibi-
tion does not conflict with the constitutional power
of southern men to take their property or merchan-
dise into the territory.
In the courts in several of the slaveholding States,
it has been decided, that if the master took his
slave into a non-slaveholding State, with the inten-
tion of residing there, and afterwards carried him
back to the slave State, the slave had a right to his
libcity; that the moment his foot touched free soil
his bonds were loosed and his servitude ended. A
strong case, under the ordinance of '87, was de-
cided in the court of appeals in Kentucky, (its
highest judicial tribunal,) where, after most elab-
orate anU learned arguments, this doctrine was sus-
tained by the whole court. The particular question
involved in the case was, whether aslave taken from
Kentucky into Indiana, and there, by the laws of
the State, held for several years in servitude, and
then taken back to Kentucky, was any longer a
slave, or was entitled to her freedom. The judges
say that—
'* Slavery is sanctioned by the laws of this State, and the
right to hold them under our municipal regulations K un-
questionable. But we view this as a right existing by posi-
tive lawofa municipal character,without foundation m the
law of nature, or the unwutten oi common law. If bytheir
positive provisions in our codft, we can and must hold our
slaves in the one case, and statutory provisions equally pos-
itive decide against that right in the other, and liberate the
slave, he must, by an authority equally imperious, be declared
free. Every argument which supports the right on the one
side, based upon the force of written law, must be equally
conclusive in favor of the slave, when he can point out m
the statute the clause which secutes his freedom."
Again:
" Ts there less comity existing between State and State, or
State and Territory, than exists between the despotic Gov-
ernments of Europe? Among them, it is believed that a pre-
cedent cannot be furnished oTan alien friend, the subject of
a foreign Power, who was free in his own land, being denied
the light of a qualified freedom when he sojourned abroad.
The Constitution of the United States secures this principle
between a State and the citizens of the several States; and
it does exist m regard to the inhabitant5! of Territories, al-
though they may not fall within the letter of the Fedeial
Constitution."—(See Rankin vs. Lydia, 2 Marshall's Re-
ports, 467.)
Then how could slaves be retained in bondage
in a territory acknowledged to be free, unless by
force, or through some special enactments of Con-
gress ? By the Constitution of Mexico, slavery is
prohibited in her territories; and if any of her
country is surrendered to the United States, it must
retain its free character, according to all principles
of national law, until changed by the act of our
Government. But the gentleman from Florida,
[Mr. Brockestbrough,] who has just preceded
me, has warned us that they will, when necessary,
overrun it as they had done Texas, and establish
slavery there. Now, sir, does not this foreshadow
what will come to pass, unless the initiative steps
are taken to prevent it? Gould there be a stronger
argument to show the necessity of our declaring a
firm and unchangeable determination not tamely to
submit to the introduction of slavery into any ter-
ritory that may be acquired r
An effort will be made to substitute for the pro-
viso the Missouri compromise line, which would,
in effect, exclude the free States from all participa-
tion in any territory that may be acquired south
of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes north latitude.
This compromise applied solely to the Louisiana
territory, and, by acquiescence on the part of north-
ern men, to Florida, but it never was contemplated
as extending beyond this. No member of Con-
gress, who voted for it, presumed that it was to af-
fect future acquisitions of territory. By the North,
that compromise has been tenaciously adhered to.
Though the arrangement was disadvantageous to
us, yet it was scrupulously observed. Still our
southern friends are not satisfied with the advan-
tage gained. Let northern men agree to the estab-
lishment of the Missouri compromise line, and who
can foresee the number of slave States that will
hereafter be added to the Union? As the slave
population increases, expansion of the territorial
bounds will be demanded and obtained. If we pro-
ceed to annex at the rate we have for the last three
years, by admission of States, by treaty, and by
conquest, the day is not very far distant when all
Mexico will be absorbed in the Union; and then
where will the power and control of the Govern-
ment be ? These are not mere creatures of the
imagination. Many sensible southern men believe
this to be the destiny of the nation, and the sooner
the American people understand it the better. If
southern men considered the Missouri compromise
line binding as to all territory subsequently acqui-
red, why did they vote, as they did, against the
exclusion of slavery in Oregon, whose southern-
most boundary is five and a half degrees north of
it? After such a demonstration, the charge of a
breach of what we deny to be obligatory on us,
comes with a bad grace from them.
To legislate for the territories and form territorial
governments, has been the invariable practire of
Congress from the organization of the Government
down to the present time. Never before was the
authority denied, except under the Articles of Con-
federation. The Virginia cession was, I believe,
made in 1783, and accepted by Congress in 1784.
j Measures were taken by Congress to establish a
' government over this territory, but nothing of a
permanent character was effected, until the adop-
tion of the ordinance of 1787; the salutary effects
of which have been felt by the whole nation, and
its influence will be experienced for ages to come.
As the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,]
lias questioned the authority of the Congress that
made it, and has doubted its legitimacy under the
present Constitution, it may not be amiss to exam-
ine briefly into its history. It may be conceded
that there was no power to enter into such a com-
pact under the Articles of Confederation, as this
does not in the slightest degree interfere with the
position that it is valid under the Constitution.
There has been, Mr. Chairman, much disputation
about the paternity of this ordinance, some ascri-
bin" it to the pen of Thomas Jefferson, others attri-
buting it to the genius of Nathan Dane. About
the clause which has on the present occasion eli-
cited so much discussion, there can be but one
opinion. It undoubtedly owes its origin to Mr.
Jefferson. The first that we learn of this compact
is in the year 1784, when a plan for a temporary
government was submitted to Congress by a com-
mittee, composed of Mr. Jefferson of Virginia,
Mr. Chase of Maryland, and Mr. Howell of
Rhode Island. In that plan, it was ordained,
" that after the year 1800, of the Christian era,
there should be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in any of the said States," (alluding to
the States to be formed out of the territory,)
"otherwise than in punishment of crimes, whereof
the party shall have been convicted to have been
personally guilty." Although this clause was
struck out by a vote of Congress, yet it shows
that the project of excluding slavery from the
northwestern territory was conceived by southern
men. In 1787, a committee, composed of Mr.
Carrington, Mr. Dane, Mr. R. H. Lee, Mr. Kean,
and Mr. Smith, reported the plan of the ordinance
which was'finally adopted. Here again southern
men controlled it. On the vote by which it was
sanctioned, the States stood as follows:
 |^:E^yay- K
( Mr. Smith, ay. )
New York 1 Mr. Harmg, ay. > Ay.
( Mr. Yates, no. )
 W-
 
f Mr. Grayson, ay. y
Virginia < Mr. R. H. Lee, ay. > Ay.
( Mr. Carrmgton, ay. }
North Carolina j £ Sfay. W"
South Carolina } «J; g™, \Ay.
w } .
So it appears, Mr. Chairman, that the West is
not indebted alone to the North for free institu-
tions, but that the South is entitled to a large share
of the credit. It has been intimated that Mr.
Madison considered this charter of our rights
invalid under the Constitution. As his opin-
ions on all constitutional questions are esteemed
by many decisive, and by all entitled to great
weight, my attention was directed to his views,
and I was surprised to find gentlemen laboring un-
der so extraordinary a mistake. In the number of
the Federalist which has been quoted, he was im-
pressing upon the people the necessity of adopting
the Constitution, and adduced this ordinance as an
instance of the necessary usurpation of power by
Congress under the Confederation.
"Congress (says he) have proceeded to form new States;
to erect temporary governments; to appoint officers for them;
and to prescribe the conditions on which such States shall
be admitted mto the Confederacy. All this has been done,
and done without the least color of constitutional authority.
Yet, no blame has been whispered ; no alaim has been
sounded. * * * I mean not, by anything here said, to
throw censure on the measures which have been pursued
by Congress. I am sensible they could not have done oth-
erwise. The public inteiest, the necessity of the ease,
imposed upon them the task of overleaping their constitu-
tional limits. But is not the fact an alarming proof of the
dangei resulung from a Government which does not possess
regular poweis commensurate to it^objects ? Adissolution,
oru'mrpafion, is the dreadful dilemma to which it is con-
tinually exposed.'5
No one can misunderstand this language. No
one can read it, and doubt his opinion of the mean-
ing and force of this provision of the Constitu-
tion.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
affirms that the ordinance is inconsistent with all
the conditions of the cession of Virginia, and never
j was ratified by her. It is true, it was not m con-
! formity with the terms of the original cession, but
j the difficulty was subsequently obviated. The fact
| of its having been reported by the committee of
' which I have before spoken, its being supported
I by the Virginia members, and no remonstrance be-
I ing interposed by the State, shows, at least, a tacit
| acquiescence on her part. But there is more than
j this. In 1786 a resolution was adopted by Con-
! gress, inviting the Legislature of Virginia to revise
! their act of cession; and in 1788 an act was passed
l5 by them in puisuance of this request, changing the
II conditions of their cession, and ratifying and con-
;! firming the fifth article of the compact between the
;| original States, and the people and States in the
j' territory northwest of the Ohio river. It may be
!! contended that this was merely sanctioning the fifth
'! article of the ordinance; whereas it is the sixth
!| which covers the subject of sla«ry, or involuntary
!, servitude. But by examining the fifth article, we
> j find it embraces all the other articles of the compact,
j| and expressly alludes to them. After specifying
| the number of States into which the territory was
