384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2b Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Seaman.
Ho. of Reps.
shudder at the thought of a result so awful, and I
would not for the world take the responsibility of
it. We are told of the glory this war will shed
over our country. There can be no glory with-
out principle, and no principle in a departure from
that rule of doing; " unto others as we would that
they should do unto us." < _
But this war is as unsound in policy as it is m
principle. It is waged for territory. Suppose this
had been declared by the President when he called
for men and money, after the battles of Palo Alto
and Resaca de la Palma, would we have placed at
his disposal ten millions of dollars and fifty thou-
sand men? Certainly not. For what do we de-
sire more territory ? Is it to disturb the compro-
mises of the Constitution, and to givea preponder-
ance to the institution of slavery ? What section
of the Union can desire the territory in question? !
Can it serve any good purpose to the West, to j
bring- millions of acres of land into competition j
with", and to retard the settlement of, that yet un- !
peopled and magnificent region? We of the North |
do not want it. Do the South desire it? Short- :
sighted, indeed, must be that southern man who ;
■will venture to rouse up the spirit which has al-
ready manifested itself. Time will demonstrate
that he was the best friend to his country who op-
posed the addition of even a single acre of Mexi-
can territory.
Mr. Chairman, I hold the President responsible
for this war. He committed the first act of hos-
tility, and which he must have known would re-
sult in collision, and it is therefore truly his war.
To whom else can it be attributed? Not to the
war-making power of the United States; for the
President never consulted Congress, then in ses-
sion, until he had committed a hostile act by
crossing a disputed boundary, and invading Mex-
ican territory. He pursued a very different course
towards England on the Oregon question, although
he asserted our title was clear and unquestionable
to the whole territory.
We hear much said about the honor of the
country in relation to this war. Well, sir, I may
not have as much refinement of feeling as some men,
but I have no idea of honor without justice; and
when we talk of the honor of conquering a weak
adversary, we misapply the term. " What can
be more for the honor of the nation than its being
governed by justice, by humanity, by magnanim-
ity? Are not the opposite qualities incompatible
with the national honor
I have not much faith in this magic word called
honor. I cannot find it in calling our citizens from
their homes and families, and sending them, by
hundreds and thousands, to die by pestilence or
fall in battle, whatever may be the prowess of their
arms.
This war, from its inception to this hour, reflects
no honor upon the country, except the skill, bra-
very, and noble bearing of the gallant general and
the army under his command. War is the exer-
cise of a most fearful power, always bringing m
its train the most direful consequences, costing
millions of money and rivers of blood, and spread-
ing abroad ademorahzing influence that years will
not overcome. I will not attempt a description of
the horrors which follow in its train; it is the most
direful of all calamities that can befall both the vic-
tors and the vanquished; it brings curses upon both,
commensurate with the base and wicked passions
which it engenders, and ours is the country in
which a maximum of these evils must be felt. We
have no excess of population. Our soldiersare the
farmers, mechanics, and laborers of the country,
engaged in times of peace in the various puisuits
of the land. What will be the condition of those
who return and are disbanded ? Injured in mor-
als, in health, as well as in capacity to return to
their former pursuits. And yet, strange to say,
44 this mass of human suffering awakens com-
paratively little thought, and calls forth little sym-
pathy." 44 We shed the blood of our fellow crea-
tures, and shout exultingly over victories which
carry desolation and wo into thousands of fam-
ilies."
An "English writer, in his ''Reflections on War/'
says: u What a scene must afield of battle pte-
4 sent, where the slain are left without assistance
4 and without pity, with their wounds exposed to
6 the piercing air! Far from their native home,
4 no tender assiduities of friendship, no well-known
* voice, no wife, or mother, or sister, is near, to
' soothe their sorrows."
Is this a picture too highly colored? Hear what
a young soldier, who was in the fight at Monterey,
says, in writing to his friends at home. (I read
from his letter:)
" Daring the fight of the second day a flag of cessation
was sent to the Mexicans;, reauesting a few hours to bury
the dead, which were strewn in trightful piles over the field.
This was refused, and the wounded and dead lay where they
fell, beneath the rays of a scorching sun, till the battle was
ended. It was then almost impossible for our men to endure
the stench while they heaped dirt over the poor fellows
where they lay. The bodies of the dead were as black as
coals; many of them were stripped ot their clothing by the
Mexicans daring the mglu. Several of those who were
wounded during the flr&t day's fight, crawled into ditches
and holes to avoid the balls which were rolling like hail
stones over the field, whence, exhausted by the loss of
blood, they were unable to crawl, or give signs of distress.
As a consequence many perished, though some who were
found in this condition were removed, and are recover-
ing."
But to return to the same English write]'. He
says:
If statesmen, if Christian statesmen, had a proper feeling
on this subject, and would open their hearts to the reflections
which such scenes must inspire, instead of rushing eagerly
to arms, from the thirst of conquest, or the thirst for gain,
would they not hesitate long, would they not try every expe-
dient, every lenient act consistent with duty, before they
ventured on this desperate remedy, or rather, before they
plunged into this gulf of horror
But when this war is to cease is a question of
great importance, and very difficult to answer. If
not until Mexicoagrees to giveup her provinces, the
day is remote. They are a race proverbial for their
pride and arrogance. And who is to make the peace
is a question difficult to solve. Should Santa Ana
accept our three millions, who knows but a revo-
lution may place some other general at the head
of the Government, who will have his price too.
Look at this war in whatever light we may, and it
is not in human foresight to predict how, or when,
it is to cease. With all my heart I shall hail the
day, come when it may, which will secure a peace,
and put an end to this miserable strife. I had no
part nor lot in bringing it upon us; I will take none
in carrying it on. I would this day vote for a
resolution instructing the President to order our
troops back to the Rio Grande, and, in order to
secure a peace without further loss of life, across
the disputed'boundary. I believe such a proceed-
ing would be one of policy; I know it would be
one of justice and humanity. What a monstrous
absurdity would it not be to go on fighting until
we have wasted fifty millions of dollars more than
the fifty which we have already spent, (if all the
accounts were in and paid) to obtain what we
could have readily purchased without going to
war—and possibly might be able to purchase now
for a tenth part of the money; and (0 how tran-
scendently more worthy of consideration!) with-
out the sacrifice of a single life of those dear friends,
beloved companions, and countrymen of ours, who
have fallen m the fight, or who—far direr fate—
victims to an unnatural climate, are now mingled
with the clods of the valley.
The war we are waging I deem wholly incon-
sistent with the spiiit of our institutions. It was
never contemplated by the franiers of the Consti-
tution, who wisely left the question of peace or
war with Congress, that a President of the United
States should do that indirectly which he had no
power to do directly. The President tells us about
the outrages inflicted upon us by Mexico, and
talks about indemnity. Indemnity for what—the
cost of the war, or what Mexico owes us ? The
high value some place upon her provinces might,
m their estimation, furnish indemnity for these;
!l but, sir, will it furnish indemnity for the hundreds
| slain upon the field of battle, or who have fallen
; by the disease of a sickly climate? Will it wipe
| out the black stain upon the annals of our coun-
; try? Will it restore to life, and to their country,
a Ringgold, a Watson, a Ridgely, a Cioss, a Coch-
ran, and others equally worthy, who have fallen?
What indemnity has he to offer to the widowed
mothers and helpless orphan children? Will it
restore a leg or an arm to the unfortunate cripple
who was wounded in the fight? Will it restore
the shattered constitution of the diseased soldier?
Will it make the poor and degraded debauchee the
moral, perchance the Christian man, the war found
him? Will it provide the means to pay the hun-
dreds of additional pensioners? No, Mr. Chair-
man; demand indemnity for all these, and Mexico
would not be left with an acre to stand upon.
But, Mr, Chairman, there are other and very
serious objections to this war; indeed, sir, their
name is " legion." It is not only unsound in policy
and principle, but it is a flagrant act of injustice to
the people of the United States. It has entirely
engrossed the legislation of Congress. Public busi-
ness, not growing out of the war, is wholly or
nearly neglected/ The private claims upon the
Government have also been disregarded. The
President, at the commencement of the session, in
his annual message, suggested this course. Hear
what he says, sir: "During the existence of the
8 war with Mexico all our resources should be
4 husbanded, and no appropriations made except
' such as are absolutely necessary for its vigorous
4 prosecution," &c. " By the observance of this
' policy at your present session large amounts may
' be saved to the treasury." How faithfully has his
party in this House followed his bidding. All the
other great interests of the country have been over-
looked in the efforts to carry on this war 11 vigor-
ously." Look, sir, at the calendar, and see the vast
amount of important public business which will not
be touched this session. Prom all sections of the
country appeals are made to Congress for legisla-
tion upon measures of public interest. But, sir,
not only must all the " resources*' of the Govern-
ment be " husbanded" for the " vigorous prosecu-
tion" of the war, but the whole session has been
wasted in legislation connected with it. Look also
at the private claims upon the Government, and tell
me, sir, what justice can the claimants expect from
this Congress with this war of the President upon
our hands ? There is no time to do justice to them
now. Has there ever been a session of Congress
since the adoption of the Constitution when the
great interests of the country, public and private,
have been so entirely neglected as at this session ?
And, Mr. Chairman, this is not all: appropriations
made at the last session for the construction of im-
portant public works will be retained in the treas-
ury, and all work suspended during the continuance
of the war. The resources of the Government
must be " husbanded,*' and hence the necessity of
suspending all public works except " such as are
absolutely necessary" to carry it on. During the
last session of Congress, it was my good fortune to
carry through this House (and it also passed the
Senate) a bill for the construction of defensive
works at the Narrows in the harbor of New York.
It was a measure of great difficulty, and had been
before Congress for many years. To my great
regret, I learn that the sum ($100,000) appropri-
ated for that object is needed in the treasury to
carry on the war with "vigor," and that the work
will be suspended unul we secure an honorable
peace" with Mexico.
It has becntwell said, " that misfortunes never
come alone." The measures of the Administra-
tion approve the saying. In addition to the war,
the subtreasury scheme has been put in opeiation.
I suppose it will have to work its own cure, as it
did under the Van Buren administration. But for
party consistency, the Administration would now
recommend its repeal. It has not been in full oper-
ation two months, and a bill has been reported to
us materially modifying its provisions. Why have
not the Administration the honesty to come out and
say it will not work, and recommend Congress to
repeal it? If the measure was not fraught with
mischief, the best way to let the people become
acquainted with it would be to test its operation
upon the varied interests of the country. But the
Administration do not and cannot cany the specie
clause into effect; it is not practicable. They were
told it was a measure of mischief, and but for the
act of the last session authorizing the issue of treas-
ury notes, (which were used as currency,) the Sec-
retary of the Treasury could not have carried on
the Government. It is considered by all intelligent
merchants, and practical men, who are not bound
by party ties, an unfortunate and an unwise meas-
ure.
The failure of the crops throughout Europe, and
the famine m Ireland, have opened to us an exten-
sive market for all our agricultural productions;
and but for this, with a war on our hands, the sub-
treasury, and importations far exceeding in amount
our ordinary exports, we should have had before
this a sad state of affairs. Flour and provisions
