396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
29th Cong 2b Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Bagbtj.
Senate.
honor and the interest of his country, and render to
Congress, as he is required to do, a faithful account
of its application. If it cannot be thus applied, it
"will remain in the treasury. Much good, there-
fore, may grow out of the passage of the bill,
while no harm can possibly result from it. Among
the most serious objections urged against the
passage of the bill is, that it is vague and indefinite,
and does not specify upon its fece the object to
which the money is to be applied, in order to bring
the war to a speedy and honorable close. In the
present state of the relations between the United
States and Mexico, there are but two modes in
which it can be applied so as to accomplish the
object contemplated by the bill—an object, Mr.
President, not only dear to humanity and all the
great interests of Mexico and the United States,
but to mankind in general. One is—-and in my
opinion the best—by prosecuting the war with in-
creased vigor; and the other is by negotiation.
These are the only modes. And it is a little as-
tonishing that those who have been most vehement
in their denunciations of the war, and shudder at
the thought of a further prosecution of it, should
be most strenuous in their opposition to a measure
which, to say the least, may be used to secure the
blessipgs of peace—used, not for the purpose of
supplying men and arms, and all the destructive
implements of war which the barbarous refine-
ments of civilization have brought into use, but
which may be used for the purpose of cultivating
that cherished emblem—which seems to have such
fragrant attractions for certain Senators—the olive
branch. I do riot understand this. It must be
that those who oppose this measure do it for one
of three reasons: either that they are opposed to
making further appropriations to carry 011 the war,
or opposed to making an appropriation to be ap-
plied in another way, so as to bring about peace,
or they are unwilling to confide so large a sum to
the discretion of the President of the United States.
I am not at liberty to conclude that it proceeds
from an unwillingness to supply the necessary
means of earring on the wa?; on the contrary, I
bear willing testimony that the Senate has, with
great unanimity, voted for all the means asked by
the Executive to carry on the war. It is true we
have differed about forms, and modes, and details,
and been a little tardy about it, but, upon the
whole, we have done perhaps as well as could be
expected. It is also (rue, sir, that I do not exactly
understand upon what principle of patriotism or
morality Senators can vote all the means, in men
and money, called for by the Executive to carry
on this war, and at the same time denounce the
war as unconstitutional, unjust, and unholy, m its
origin and its objects, and likely to be fraught with
the most fatal consequences. I say I do not ex-
actly understand this, unless those who are op-
posed to the prosecution of this war are afraid, as
they may well be, of the frowns and denunciations
of an indignant people. Theie may be something
in this. But if I entertained the opinions express-
ed here in regard to the nature and character of j
think and act with him, cannot escape upon this
point. If the war is unjust on our part, we ought
to abandon it immediately, and adopt the course
indicated by the resolutions of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Cilley.] Every hour you
continue it you aggravate the enormity of the in-
justice of its commencement, if unjust it was in the
beginning. It is either right or wrong. Believing
it to be a righteous war on our part, I am for pros-
ecuting it with all possible vigor. And I repeat,
that there is no course, founded injustice, morali-
ty, and national honor, for those to pursue who
consider it an unjust war, but to advocate its im-
mediate abandonment. Turn it as they may, to
this complexion it must come at last, if their views
be correct.
But there seems to be a vague and undefined sort
of apprehension and secret dread that we may ac-
quire some territory in the prosecution of this war,
and, if we should, we are asked, what shall we do
with it? It seems to be understood that this Gov-
ernment of ours, upon which we hear so many
rhapsodies pronounced when it suits the purposes
of Senators to pronounce them, (and I have no doubt
they are sincere, and I know them to be just,) is a
great, big, awkward, good-natured sort of a thing,
but utterly destitute of the faculties and the capacity
which are indispensable to its efficiency.
And thus, although we have the power to make
war, and to resist, when war is made upon us, as
it has been by Mexico, that we have no power, no
authority, no capacity to avail ourselves of the in-
cidents, and the results, and the fruits of war. You
will recollect, Mr. President, that on a former day,
when I was speaking in terms of disapprobation
of the capitulation of Monterey, because the Mex-
ican army was not compelled "to surrender uncon-
ditionally, instead of capturing the army, as I
think, and shall never cease to think, we ought to i
have done, my honorable friend from Delaware j
[Mr. J. M. Clayton] asked me what I would have j
done with them. 1 told him at the time I would
have deprived them of their arms and paroled them.
I believe, upon reflection, I would have put them
to making a road to the city of Mexico. And I
have an answer equally explicit to the question,
what I would do with Mexican territory, if Mex-
ico refused to make peace upon fair and honorable
i terms; and that is, I would organize territorial
j governments in that which we now hold, paying
j respect to the rights of individuals, and I would
i press the war into the heart of Mexico, with the
I same object. I would put the country under con-
: tribution as fast as we conquered it, and make it
i contribute to the expenses of the war. War, sir,
j is a great calamity, but nations are fools to engage
i in it, or continue it, without availing themselves
| of the best fruits they can gather from it, having
regard always to the sacred principles of justice
and humanity. Conquests in war are a lawful
mode of acquisition, and so recognised by the laws
of nations throughout the civilized world. Grotius,
and Pulfendorf, and Vattel, and others, who by
their labors have lighted up and adorned the juris
„this war, sooner than I would open my lips for the 1 i prudencc of ages, have not founded their codes
purpose of voting one dollar to carry it on, I would j1 *L-
wl them forever. Sooner let my tongue cleave I
to the roof of my mouth, than be used for the pur- j
pose of advocating measures which my conscience !
and my judgment told me were to be applied to
the accomplishment of unjust and unholy purposes.
Sir, I shudder at such morality as this, and no
affection of patriotism or love of country can hide
its deformity. Nor is there any soundness in the
distinction attempted to be drawn, 011 a former
day, by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangcm.] The honorable Senator was pleased
to 2 em iiid me that I did not take into considers-
tion the distinction between the injustice of the war
in its origin, and the necessity of carrying it on
after it was begun. The distinction taken by the
Senator from North Carolina is perfectly just, but
he has made the mistake in the application of it.
I admit that if we had unjustly, on our part,
brought a war into the bosom of our own country^
duty and patriotism would require us to exert
every nerve for the protection of our soil and fire-
sides, and to expel and drive out the enemy, no
matter how unjustly we might have provoked him
to make the assault upon us. But that distinction
cannot apply to a foreign war, carried on by us in
a foreign country. So the Senator, and those who
upon the sickly sentimentality of the present age,
but in reason and common sense.
But, Mr. President, we are not only told that
this is an unjust and unholy war, so far as the
Government and the people of the United States
are concerned, but that if we continue to prosecute
it we shall bring down upon our heads, as a nation,
the vengeance of offended Deity, and outrage the
public sentiment of the civilized world. It is not
permitted to me to minister in, and I regret to say
that this Chamber is not the appropriate place to
discuss, holy things. But I shall attempt to show
you, before I sit down, that this is not, on our
part, an unjust war. I readily admit, that in the
conduct of great national affairs, proper respect
should be paid to the opinion of the civilized world,
and a much higher respect and veneration to those
eternal principles of justice, truth, and righteous-
ness, which are the habitations of the throne of
God.
"A decent regard for the opinions of mankind"
is a lesson taught us by that immortal instrument,
which I trust will pass unhurt through the desola-
ting mutations of time, and the strife and turmoil
of party politics, and be transmitted, in all its ex-
is?ce ^ ail P««ty, to the latest generations.
But how is that public sentiment to be collected,
and erected into a standard by which to measure
the justice and morality of our course in regard to
this Mexican war ? Turn your eyes to Europe.
Do you find it in the conduct of Russia in her pol-
icy towards Circassia? Do you find it in the con-
duct of Prance towards Algeria ? Do you find it
in the conduct of several other of the most Christian,
nations of Europe, in the course they have recently
pursued, and by which the very last nail has been
driven into the lid of the coffin of undone, miser-
able, ruined, partitioned, murdered Poland ? Let
Cracow answer. But I put England, with all her
faults, at the head of the Governments of Europe.
Her power, which almost encircles the globe, her
energy, her enterprise, her civilization and intelli-
gence, her progress in all the arts of life, the wis-
dom of her statesmen, and the great part she has
acted, and is still acting, and is destined to act here-
after, in the great drama of nations—all, all entitle
her to this gigantic preeminence. But when you
come to look to her authority, and to ascertain her
public sentiment in regard to the righteous prose-
cution of wars, and the rightful acquisition of ter-
ritory, where will you find them? Will you find
them amid the bloodshed and desolation of India,
by which her fields have been blighted, and a vast
portion of a distant empire has been torn from its
rightful owners, a distant, unoffending people, and
the rivers which irrigate their native land choked
up with the bodies, and made to run red with the
blood, of her children ? Is this the authority in-
voked, and this the evidence of that public senti-
ment tcrwhich we are to conform our action in the
prosecution of this war'with Mexico? Let the
ghost of the murdered millions that walk una-
venged by moonlight upon the banks of the Indus
and the Ganges answer. Sir, I am tired of this
doctrine of looking to such examples for the gov-
ernment of our conduct as a nation, instead of con-
sulting and conforming to those great eternal prin-
ciples of morality, equity, and justice, which lie at
the foundation of the moral universe.
But I said I should vindicate the justice of this
war, so far as the Government of the United States
was concerned. In order to do this, it will be ne-
cessary to inquire into the causes of the war, and
to inquire who commenced the war. My honor-
able friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] to
whom I always listen with pleasure and respect,
except when he is a little too hard upon the De-
mocracy of the country, admitted, in enumerating
all the wrongs and injuries we had experienced at
the hands of Mexico, that some one or more of
them would have, been sufficient to justify a decla-
ration of war by the United States against Mexico;
and yet the Senator came to the conclusion that all
these causes, which had been increasing and accu-
mulating for years, when put together, were not
sufficient to justify a declaration of war on our part,
I shall not now inquire into the correctness of the
course of logical ratiocination by which this con-
elusion was attained, but am perfectly wiHin0, to
leave the honorable Senator in the quiet, peace-
able, and undisturbed possession of his premises,
his induction, and his conclusion. My object will
be to show, not that we had sufficient cause to go
to war with Mexico, and that we did not com-
mence war upon her, but that Mexico thought,
unjustly and erroneously, that she had sufficient
cause for war against us, and that she declared
and commenced the war.
From the commencement of the Mexican war,
through all its stages, down to the present time, I
have entertained but one opinion as to the cause
of this war; and it does appear to me, that any
one who will take the trouble to examine the sub-
ject with a mind unjaundiced by prejudice, cannot
come to any other conclusion than the one to which
have come. Mexico herself assigns the same
cause that I do. Mr. President, it was that great
measure in which the people of this country mani-
fested more interest and more feeling than they
have on any other since I have been on the stage
of public life—the annexation of Texas to the
united States. It was that which Mexico declared,
in advance, she would consider an aggression on
IT- fi'r which she would, go to war, for
which she. declared war, for which she commenced
war, and for which, in the language of that abused,
but, in my opinion, sound, patriotic, and states-
manlike document, the President's message, she
shed American blood upon American soil. This
