1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Bagby.
Senate,
was the cause for which a revolution was effect-
ed in Mexico; by which an Administration was
brought into power, breathing threatenings and
fury against the United States for the annexation
of Texas to the Union, or, as Mexico expressed
it, for having despoiled her of part of h?r empire;
or, as it is described here, with more fancy and
sympathy than truth or patriotism, the dismem-
berment of a sister republic. And here, sir, per-
mit me to say, that if Senators would exhibit a
little more sympathy for their mother republic, than
for such a sister republic as Mexico, they would
place their sympathies to a much better account.
Fraternal sympathy and affection are high quali-
ties; but filial duty and affection are much higher
ones. But not only did the Mexican authorities
at home hold the language and adopt the course
towards the United States which I have stated,
but her Minister resident at this court held the
same language and pursued the same course, pro-
testing against the annexation of Texas as an ag-
gression upon the rights of Mexico, and demand-
ing his passports, and leaving thetcountry as soon
as the act was consummated. But this is not all.
Every proclamation, and declaration, and pranun-
ciamento of every public man in authority in Mex-
ico, from that hour to this, has stated, m explicit
terms, not only that they considered the annexa-
tion of Texas as a sufficient cause for their com-
mencing war against ns, but that they would prose-
cute the war until there was not a hostile American
footprint on the soil of Mexico, or an American
sail in sight of her portg. It was to reconquer
Texas, then, that Mexico, according to her own
showing, commenced the war with us; and we
went to war with her because she came to war with
us.
Having shown, then, that the annexation of
Texas was, according to the admission of Mexico
herself, the cause of the war on her part, I conclude
that, unless the annexation of Texas was on our
part an unjust and unholy act, there is nothing
unjust or unholy on our part in repelling the war
which Mexico commenced against us in conse-
quence of annexation. In order to determine
whether the annexation of Texas to the United
States was an act of injustice towards Mexico, it
will be proper to advert for a moment to the atti-
tude and position of all the parties, with respect to
each other, at the time annexation took place.
And if I do not show that, at the time of her an-
nexation to the United States, Texas was as inde-
pendent. of Mexico as Massachusetts or Virginia
are of the Crown of Great Britain, then I will ad-
mit that we have done injustice to a sister repub-
lic.
It is well known that the territory which former-
ly constituted the republic of Texas, and now the
State of Texas, originally belonged to Spain. For
without going into the question whether it was a
part of Louisiana, as acquired by us from France,
subsequent acts of our own Government preclude
us from asserting title, prior to the annexation of
Texas, to any territory in that direction beyond
the Sabine. By the treaty between the United
States and Spain, in 1819, we agreed to and estab-
lished the Sabine as the boundary between the
United States and Spain. Hence, I have always
contended, and still contend, that we did not derive
any right to annex Texas to the United States in
consequence of its having been originally embraced
Within the limits of Louisiana. Admitting that to
be so, (and I do notgo into the consideration ot that
question now,) we had relinquished and parted with
all claim to it by the treaty of 1819 with Spain,
and afterwards by recognising the independence of
Mexico first, and then the independence of Texas;
both which Powers were in possession of it at the
time of the aforesaid recognitions. After the sur-
render of the country beyond the Sabine by the
United States, Mexico, after passing through
various struggles, mutations, and revolutions,
achieved her independence of Spain, and estab-
lished the Federal Constitution of 1824. Texas
was organized as one of the States of the Mexi-
can republic. That republic was formed upon the
model of our own glorious Constitution, and the
people of Texas expected to enjoy under it all
those high and inestimable blessings, immunities,
and privileges, that are derived from, and enjoyed
under, the Constitution of the United States. In
all these pleasing anticipations, they were destined
to be disappointed. The tide of events rolled on,
and instead of the blessings of free government,
they saw established in Mexico one of the most
arbitrary and contemptible despotisms that ever
existed upon the face of the earth. In this state
of things, true to the instincts of freedom, Snd
most of them to the lessons they had learned and
the principles they had inherited from a glorious
ancestry, they determined not to submit to the iron
rod of despotism, but to vindicate their principles
and defend their rights to the last extremity. They
struggled on until the battle of San Jacinto, when
this despotic ruler became a prisoner of war, and
their independence was achieved. San Jacinto
was to Texas what the ever-memorable and glo-
rious plains of Little York are to the United States.
There her sainted patriots rest in silent, honorable,
and glorious graves; there her heroes sealed the
freedom and independence of their country with
their blood; and from thence will the spirit of mar-
tyred freedom continue to ascend up, invoking the
blessing of Heaven to secure and perpetuate the
freedom they perished to achieve, until the last
shock of time shall bury the nations of the earth
in undistinguished ruin. For nine years from the
battle of San Jacinto, no hostile Mexican force
invaded the soil of Texas; no hostile Mexican
hand was raised against the people of Texas by
the authority of the Mexican Government. Her
independence was recognised by the United States,
France, England, and finally by Mexico herself;
coupled, to be sure, with a condition which Mexi-
co had no right to impose, nor power to enforce.
After all this had been done, Texas applied for
admission into the United States. Owing to the
novelty of the proposition, and the delicacy of the
relations existing between the United States and
Mexico, growing out of the injuries and insults
we had received from her, the proposition was de-
clined. Another proposition to the same effect,
and having in view the same object, was made at
a later period, and declined. A treaty for the same
object was afterwards negotiated between the two
Governments, which was, as everybody knows,
rejected by the Senate of these United States. But
the act of annexation finally passed, and Texas
became, to all intents and purposes, one of the
States of this Union. We did, after their inde-
pendence was established and recognised by the
principal Governments of the earth, admit kin-
dred blood, upon adjacent territory, into the Union.
And for doing that, we have been charged with a
lust for territorial acquisition, and a violation of
the Decalogue. It is idle to pretend that marching
the troops from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande
was the cause of the war. It is equally idle to
talk about the disputed territory between the Nue-
ces and the Rio Grande. There is no dispute
about that narrow strip anywhere except here.
The United States claim the Rio Grande as their
line, and Mexico claims the Sabine as hers. The
dispute, therefore, is for the whole of Texas.
Thus, I think, I have shown that at the time Tex-
as was annexed to the United States, she was as
independent of Mexico as any one of the States of
this Union is of the Crown of Great Britain. But
it is said, that the annexation of Texas was un-
constitutional. Admit it; and what is that to
Mexico ? Suppose our Constitution forbade us to
acquire territory from any foreign nation upon any
terms, but that we were to acquire it from France
or Great Britain, would that be any reason why
Mexico should take it upon herself to wrest it from
us, and to slaughter our people upon it? Upon
the same principle, she might contest our right to
the whole of Louisiana. I am not now going into
any constitutional argument upon this point. It
is not at all appropriate, to the subject now under
consideration. Indeed, sir, if 1 had the ability,
and a taste for such discussions, I do not think 1
should attempt to display the one or gratify the
other much in this body. Surrounded as I am by
men venerable for their years, distinguished for
their great abilities, and rendered illustrious in their
country's history by long lives of public service
and devotion to the honor and the interests of then-
country; I say, surrounded by such men, it would
ill become me to open a constitutional lectuie upon
a point not at all involved or connected with the
subject under consideration. But it has been said
that this war might have been avoided. I have no
doubt but it might have been avoided. But when,
and how? Certainly, most certainly, not by this
Administration, unless upon the iristant of their
coming into power their very first act had been to
set about undoing what their predecessors had
done in .the last hours of their official existence.
The die was cast before this Administration came
into power.
Now, sir, I am not arguing for the purpose of
bestowing upon one Administration, or taking
away from another, the credit of great measures.
I am only endeavoring to show that a certain cause
produced certain effects, effects which it was fore-
seen and foretold it would produce. I voted for
the annexation of Texas in every form in which
it was presented. But, you remember, Mr. Pres-
ident, that, at the time, I expressed my opinions as
to the mode, the manner in which it should be ac-
complished, so as to avoid the evils under which
we are now suffering. I then said, that if Texas
were admitted under the House resolutions, and
before the question of boundary was settled with
Mexico, that it would cost the United States
$100,000,000. The war could only have been
avoided by the plan which I had some agency in
preparing, after every other was hopeless, and in
favor of which I offered my views at the time.
That plan was, to appoint commissioners to receive
a cession from Texas before she was admitted,
get the control of her Indian affairs, purchase her
lands, so as to avoid the conflicting operation of
one land system in Texas and another in the
United States, and to settle the question of bound-
ary with Mexico. It is true that the adoption of
this measure might have delayed the admission of
Texas into the Union for one year. But it would
have been better to do that, as I said at the time,
and now repeat, than to have become involved m
war, and in an expenditure of one hundred mil-
lions of dollars. And it is a libel upon the people
of Texas to say, that, if she had not been an-
nexed at the instant, she would have sold herself
to England. That, in my deliberate judgment,
was the only mode in which the war could have
been avoided. Everybody, who knows anything
of my opinions, knows, from the time the Gov-
ernment of the United States acted under the
resolutions, as they passed the House of Repre-
sentatatives, that I considered war inevitable. I
expressed that opinion here; I expressed it else-
where; I expressed it everywhere. I mention
these things, not for the purpose of claiming the
merit of any peculiar sagacity and foresight in the
formation of any poor opinions of mine, but for
the purpose of placing great events in their true
light, and vindicating the truth of political history.
It was the now or never policy which prevented
the removal of the cause for which Mexico com-
menced war against us. So much for the cause of
the war. I come now to consider the objects with
which it should be prosecuted, and for which it
should be continued. It is not my province to at-
tempt to unlock the secrets of ihe prison-house of
Mexico, and determine why she prosecutes the
war. I take her at her word. She has declared
that her object in commencing the war was to re-*
conquer Texas. If that be her object, I would
continue to prosecute it by all the means this Gov-
ernment can command, until she disavowed that
object. I would prosecute it until she sued for
peace, until she agreed to indemnify us for the
expenses of the war, and made provision for the
payment of the money she has so long unjustly
withheld from our citizens. And, unless tliese
objects could be accomplished without it, (and I do
not think they can,) I would prosecute this war
until I planted the American standard upon the
wails of the city of Mexico, or I would perish
upon the spot where Guatemozin was put to the
torture, and expired upon the rack. These are
the objects with which, and the spirit hi which, I
would prosecute the war.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Ohio,
in one of the most extraordinary speeches ever de-
livered in this body—a speech abounding ill wit,
eloquence, and poesy, but, in my judgment, greatly
deficient in patriotism and proper respect for the
: constituted authorities of the country, has denoun-
: eed this war, not only as unholy and unjust, but
j has characterized it as a Presidential war. While
I the war, on the part of the United States, has been
| thus strongly characterized, and while the Presi-
: dent has been unjustly charged with making it for
