1847.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#01
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Butler.
New Series No. 26.
You might have hands to sign it. You might find
those who, under the dictation of your armies,
would, perhaps, put their hands to the paper. But
what people on earth, pretending to be identified
with their soil—who had mingled the jweat of
their brow with the very soil on which they lived
—could keep such a peace with any other than
Punic hearts? It would be no peace. It would
be a peace associated with reproach, and would
only endure so long as the people could not break
it with impunity. I am far, therefore, from desi-
ring such a result. And another thing I would
say on this occasion: let the young adventurers of
this nation, active, restless, and enterprising, as
they are, once look upon the fair fields of Mexico,
and it will be as vain to attempt to restrain them,
as to restrain the young eagles from returning to
the carnage oil willing and submissive victims. If
you ever dictate such a peace as that, with arms
in your hands, within the palaces of Mexico, you
sow the seeds of eternal strife between the two
republics. It is impossible, sir, to relieve a people
compelled to submit to such a peace from the abi-
ding mortification from which they would be con-
tinually attempting to relieve themselves. I desire
no such peace. I have always regarded patriotism
as being somehow mystically associated with the
love of soil, as well as the institutions of a people.
I have always regarded that as one of the most
beautiful passages in history, in which Bernadotte,
whilst he felt it his duty as a sovereign to oppose
Napoleon, and for that purpose exerted all his
poweis in conjunction with others, yet, when they
approachcd the frontiers of France, he paused, and
refused to invade his native soil. You cannot
separate that feeling from any people. I would
not wish, sir, to see any people on earth divested
of that feeling. Least of all should I desire to see
any act of a republic like ours tending to eradicate
from the hearts of a neighboring republic such a
sacred national sentiment. In this point of view,
therefore, I should regard it as a great misfortune,
if it should become necessary to carry on our offen-
sive operations so far that we could, by humilia-
tion—by mere terror of our arms—forea and extort
from Mexico such a peace as the hearts of her
people could not willingly observe.
But there is the other alternative, and I take that
of my honorable friend from Maryland. Sup-
pose a peace were presented to Mexico, directly or
indirectly, in such terms as these: "We are en-
gaged in war. You owe our citizens money. They
have just claims against you. Thus far you have
been unable to pay them. Having appealed to the
arbitrament of the sword, we insist upon their ad-
justment." Mexico replies, that she has no re-
sources; that, exhausted by this protracted war,
she is unable to respond to the demand. "Very
well!3' we might leply; "if you cannot do that,
we have this simple proposition to make: We will
not only assume the debts due to our own citizens,
hut more than that. We arc willing to give, in
advance, three millions (if dollars, in consideration
that you will cede such territory as you can hon-
estly and fairly—m looking at your own policy—
spare, without interfering with the integrity of
your domain." Yet, sir, here is still a difficulty.
We are speaking of this all on one side. We do
not know that Mexico is going to consider it; but
I am very much inclined to think, that if this
money had been placed at the disposal of the Pies-
ident last session, we would have done more than
all our armies have effected. Not by bribery. I
do not mean that it should have been used for the
prostituted purpose of corrupting generals and ma-
gistrates, but simply to tell a necessitous people:
" You are exhausted. You have not money to
pay your troops. But here, in consideration of
some territory that you might spare, we, are wil-
ling to advance to you three millions of dollars,
and assume all the responsibility you owe our citi-
zens in the adjustment of their claims." I believe,
sir, that if you had said that, it would have had
more effect than all the war measures that you
have adopted: and I, for one, would have much
preferred it. A spontaneous peace, coming from
a people, made with their own consent, and with-
out coercion, is not only more becoming as regards
our national policy, anil more deserving the appro-
bation of history, but, m my opinion, would be
founded in wisdom, and would be much more per-
manent than any other. I know other suggestions
have been made. Other counsels may be followed.
But I am inclined to believe that they are danger-
ous, and that the consequences will be found to be
fatal only when it is too late to avert them. Yes,
I am inclined to think that every day this war is
protracted, its mischiefs will increase. Parties will
look to it, and act upon it as part of their 'game.
Mischief is the food of ambition. If the peace had
been concluded only a few months after the bril-
liant battles on the Rio Grande on the 8th and 9th,
it might have been well for us. And, indeed, it
was supposed, when this Government placed at
the disposal of the President ten millions of dol-
lars and fifty thousand men—not a doubt was en-
tertained, in my part of the country at least—that
we would have a speedy and an honorable peace.
We have been mistaken. We will be still more
mistaken, if we suppose we can conquer a satisfac-
tory peace, and subjugate a people, by invading
their soil and taking their cities. As far, there-
fore, as that is concerned, I would be very much
averse to it. I would be willing to make this ex-
periment, and wait until it could be made. But I
will be asked, "What territory do you want?"
But for the mischievous suggestions which have
come up in some of your resolutions there—I say
it with all sincerity, and from the bottom of my
heart, before God—I would have been much better
satisfied if such territory contemplated in the anti-
cipated treaty should be so situated as to give it a
national character; that it should he so situated as
to put it obviously beyond the control of sectional
influence. In that point of view, it might he said
that it was acquired neither for giving strength to
this or that section, but as being convenient and
proper for the enjoyment of the nation, in reference
to its relations with other nations. In this way,
the much-exciting questions growing out of the
institution of slavery might, for a time have been
avoided.
But from demonstrations not to be mistaken, the
slaveholding States cannot by any concession or
compromise avoid the insult of declaratory propo-
sitions, that have been and will be introduced,
more by way of supercilious advertisement than
immediate purpose. Every morning I have to sit
and hear resolution after resolution requiring Con-
gress to interfere with the rights of the slavehold-
mg poition of this Union. Some of these resolu-
tions encourage the acquisition of territory, with a
view of giving what is called a free population su-
perior advantages, as would seem to throw the
southern States into an odious and humiliating
contrast. Look at the resolutions from the State
of New York. In the strongest and most imposing
language, we are told, that this war is waged,
and must be prosecuted, with a view to the acqui-
sition of lenitory, not only to and beyo;id the de-
gree I have mentioned—but any territory; and that
when acquired, the people whom I represent ore
to participate in none of the fruits of conquest—
none of the fruits of victory; that all these fruits
are to he like the apple of discord ! Do you sup-
pose that we can submit to any such arrangement
as that? Having excited our confidence by the
terms of the original compact, that we might rely
on the guarantee that it contains for a more perfect
security and protection in the enjoyment of com-
mon rights and privileges, is it not now a treach-
erous and insulting fraud to be told that, under the
sanction of the Constitution itself, we are to be de-
graded and distinguished by the assertion of an
odious inequality in social and political position
and in caste ? 1 say it here, so far as it regards all
the objects of life—position, empire, wealth, every-
thing—all would be nothing to me, if I found that
I had lived with those who would regard me as an
inferior in any point of view. I ask for existence
for no other purpose but the enjoyment of this
proud feeling of equality. Having excited it, hav-
ing been taught to prize it, is it to be supposed that
we are to forfeit it in this way ? The matter is
just this, the war must be teimmated without the
acquisition of territory, or that territory must be
acquired for the non-slaveholdmg States. The re-
sult would be that millions of dollars have been
expended, thousands of lives sacrificed, with no
Other fruits for them than the reputation of having
fought battles as mere exhibitions of the nation's
military prowess; to have a peace, in one view,
without "indemnity for the past, or security for
the future." It would be a proclamation-to the
world, that in a war with Mexico there can be no
mode of obtaining any satisfaction from her; to
say that we must forfeit our right to demand com-
pensation for injuries to our citizens) and to let all
the costs and consequences of the war fall on this
Government. Pensioners on crutches, widows and
orphans petitioning*)!' claims; these would be the
solemn evidences of the achievements and results
of a fruitless and mischievous v/ar. If you can
get no land, you can get nothing from Mexico.
But it would be infinitely better to give up the war
upon such terms, than to have peace associated
with degradation and ruin to one section of the
Union, or to have the almost certain hazards of
revolution and civil war.
I am willing to make sacrifices to perpetuate the
Union of these States. It has sacred associations
connected with it, and its dissolution can never be
regarded but with dismay and apprehension as to
unseen consequences. It is worth everything but
the giving up equality of right, by submission to
unconstitutional exactions. If the issue on the
slave question could be entirely avoided by the re-
linquishment of all claim to any territory hereafter
to be acquired, it ought to be done with joy and
alacrity. In this there might be a concurrence of
all who take a patriotic interest in the perpetuity
of our institutions. But, sir, it will come in spite
of compromise and temporary conciliation. It will
come when it is thought that the slaveholders are
in such a situation as to be unable to make effectual
resistance. When it docs come, the momentous
question will be presented, whether usurpation and
oppression shall prevail over good faith and the
solemn guarantees of the Federal Constitution. If
the first should prevail, it would be the most atro-
cious of suicides, and the power that perpetrates it
will be held answerable for the consequences. I
think it a fatal calculation to suppose that the
South will submit. I hope when the crisis does
come, and I fear it is not distant, it will be found
that the Union has such value as to give it real but
untried strength. It has many elements of strength,
and, in my opinion, it will become stronger by the
tide of events, notwithstanding the perilous agita-
tions of occasional storms. These arc the storms
i of passion and prejudice, as yet uncontrolled by
the sober counsels of reason, prudence, and inter-
est. Distance and separation cease to exercise
their ordinary influence. Your intercourse is con-
stant, frequent, and better regulated than it was in
the infancy of the republic. Commercial relations,
founded on interest and mutual advantage, will not
be disregarded. The Atlantic Oce.m without, and
railways within, will be eternal bonds of inter-
course—the real inducements to continue in the
Union, when both parties shall have an occasion
to consider them m conjunction before a common
tribunal. Violent and inconsiderate resolutions,
i proceeding from selfish and ambitious aspirants
1 for power, will be rebuked by a higher spirit and
I more honest counsels. At least I hope so. It is
really criminal to sport with subjects for mere
1 political objects, that may so deeply affect (he des-
; tiny and happiness of a people that are bound
together by so many ties—ties of consanguinity
' and alliances of marriage—tics that are consecrated
I by historical associations. Sir, do you think that
' the rich lands, adapted to the culture of southern
commodities, will be alone settled by southern
people arid their descendants? The young men
from the North, signally characterized for enter-
prise, activity, and industry, will, m a few years,
constitute a large portion of a slaveholding popu-
lation. Can it be possible to suppose that Massa-
, chusetts, (and I mention her name because I have
an habitual, an historical respect for her character,)
or New York, or Pennsylvania, could look on or
allow cruel strife to place in hostile opposition
fathers and their childieu, and kindred of every
degree. Natuie would rise up to rebuke and con-
tiol them. If we all could but worship on the altar
of good faith and justice, erected by our ancestors,
there would be no danger in trusting the questions
which now so much agitate us, to any one of the
old thirteen States that formed the Constitution.
The same spirit that sanctioned the constitutional
security for southern rights, would be exerted to
preserve and maintain them. I dread much more
the temper of the times than justice and judgment.
, _ vt the time the Constitution was adopted, the
!' slaveholding States had strength enough to contend
