402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Butler.
Sen
ate.
on equal terms, in all respects, with their northern
allies. Such an idea never entered the head of any
one, that the public domain did not constitute com-
mon property, as well for slave labor as any other
kind. Before I proceed to present the main prop-
osition which it is my purpose mainly to consider,
I will make, by way of illustilttion, some practical
commentaries on it.
VVeknow that'the State of Vermont was in a
territorial relation to the Government after the adop-
tion of the Constitution. Her people were far re-
moved from any inducement to use slave labor.
At that time it is not improbable to suppose that
the slaveholding States had a pieponderating con-
trol over the legislative action of the Government;
and if they had not, suppose they had. Well, then
suppose it had been the design of the slaveholding
States, seeing what is fast coming to pass, to per-
petuate their power by declaring the terms upon
which the government of Vermont should be con- j
ducted, and had, in the same spirit of proscription !
and exclusion which now seems to actuate the New
York Legislature, undertaken to say that no one
should be eligible to office unless he were a slave-
holder, or had offered some bounty—a discrimi-
nating bounty—to any one who should cultivate
the soil with slave labor: what would then have
been thought of such an exercise of power on the
part of Congress ? X take it that the suggestion of
such a power would have been condemned by the
indignation of a whole people. The framers of the
Constitution were then alive to minister on its altar. I
I answer for it, that no slaveholder of the South i
could have been capable of violating honesty and I
good faith by such an insulting mode of acquiring I
power. ° !;
I will take another case by way of contrast, as
well as illustration. The ter: '' ' "
in the States of Alabama and
ginally part of the territory of
old North State, which generally does everything
when she attempts it so well, would have shown
some of her old Mecklenburg spunk. The same
might be said of Virginia and Kentucky. These
illustrations will indicate the proposition which has
here been-assumed, and which I dispute, to wit,
that Congress, by the rightful exercise of her sov-
ereign authority over the territory of the United
States, has power to exclude a slaveholding popula-
tion from equal rights withanon-slaveholdingpopu-
lation. For if Congress assume upon itself such a
power, it is one that has not been conferred, and
one to which it can have no inherent right. What!
to say that Congress has an unlimited and an un-
controllable jurisdiction over the common domain, S
to do with it as it pleases, by giving or securing it 1
or victory. It is allowing the South the pri\nege
of fighting the dragon, but not to touch the Hes-
penan fruit. Take tins illustration, and, if the
mode3t resolutions on your table are carried out,
it is something more than an illustration. Bounty
lands are awarded to your soldiers. A soldier
from Massachusetts takes one section; a soldier
from Louisiana the next; a soldier from New York
another; and a soldier from South Carolina might
go to an adjacent section. They were comrades
in arms—they were generous in their confidence
with each other. And when one of the soldiers
goes to settle on the land, or his mother even to
shed a War on the tomb of her child, she is told
that we are polluting the soil which contains the
bones of her gallant son. One soldier says you
to one portion of our citizens to the exclusion of] cannot possess it, whilst another says you may,
otheis, is a revolting proposition. It is one which !| because your Government had a right to confer it.
has been but lately broached, and broached under j; Am 1 to be told that, in the distribution of these
irresponsible and dangerous influences. I shall !, lands, the gallant soldiers who have gone out from
contend that the jurisdiction of Congress is not i °ne section of the Union, and shed their blood or
the soil, shall be excluded from the enjoyment of
only derivative, but subject to definite limitations.
I readily concede that a State, having plenary
powers of sovereignty, may exercise some such
| jurisdiction by constitutional enactments. But has
Congress the same power over Federal territory
that one of the Commonwealths of this republic
has over its territory within its corporate limits.'
A State might say that none but Protestants or
none but Catholics should be eligible to office, or
might say that slaveholders should not be eligible
to office. I believe the English Parliament has
gone very far on this subject. I can see no reason
why a State of this Confederacy might not go
equally far. But can the Congress of the United
States do the same' If it can, it is then hoth a
it, on the ground that they could not put slave
labor on it? Or, if }'ou choose to say it, and if
| Congress has the jurisdiction, that they shall be
] excluded on the ground that they cannot enjoy
| these privileges, unless they come within the con-
j ditions prescribed by the Congress of the United
: States? Could any people submit to that? I do
I not believe that it is going to result in disunion.
' I cannot believe that Congress can break down
j the guarantees of the Constitution for the pur-
I pose of perpetrating such a fraud. Will the
, South submit to this' If they do, the epitaphs
! on the tombstones of their fathers will shame
land rebuke them. But they will not. They
of the most stupendous frauds, perhaps, eve/p""- ' f1reSS fora Territory and j! brav* and^ e^ls^when Jhey entered into
petrated to the dishonor of an entire people, it is
very well known, that by a combination of corrup-
tion, that territory was ceded to a company who
claimed it under that grant. The indignation of
the people of Georgia, on finding themselves de-
spoiled of their territory, was, as may readily be
imagined, extreme. History goes so far, indeed,
as to inform us, that by way of showing their in-
dignation, the whole assembly, for the next year,
in the presence of a vast concourse of people—such
as had never been witnessed m that part of (he
land—collecting the rays of the sun, literally by fire
from heaven, burnt up the record. But the good
faith which had always characterized, and I hope
ever will characterize, the people of this nation,
still retained its controlling influence, and when
the question came up upon the grant, it was con-
firmed. A war between this company and the
State of Georgia followed; and, in these circum-
stances, what did the Federal Government do? It
interposed and bought up the claim. Well, now,
Mr. President, suppose the Fedeial Legislature had
undertaken to prescribe to that territory terms
prohibiting involuntary servitude, do you think
that the people of Georgia, in that territory, .would
have submitted > Why not ? For the very reason
that the Federal Government had 110 authority to
do so. It would have been a fraud; and whilst the
Government interposed for the purpose of remedy-
ing the consequences of a fraud, it would itself have
perpetrated on the Constitution a stupendous fraud.
And whyr If the Federal Government have the
power now, they had it then; and just as much
then as now. But, at that time, when good faith
and a regard to the true principles of the Constitu-
tion prevailed, the very thought of it would have
been lepudiatcd with scorn by every section of the
Union. \ es, by iYew York, that has sent resolu-
tions here instructing her Senators and Represent-
atives to prosecute the war for the purpose of con-
quest, and then modestly undertake to dictate the
terms in advance as to who shall enjoy it.
I will take another case. North Carolina, the
first to embark in the revolution, by open declara-
tion at least, and the last, acting on "the principle of
sat alo St sat luto, to come into the Union, owned
Tennessee as part of her territory. Now, suppose
that by a combination of sections it had been pro-
posed to regulate her territory, after its cession o>
before, by excluding from it the use of slave labor,
what a fraud would it not have been ! I think the
then admit it into the Union upon the terms ft had
prescribed, or could exercise the jurisdiction of a
Slate Government over it without letting it into
the Union. All the power that Congress can have
over the common territory is—
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulation' respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States; and nothing
in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice
any claims of the United States, or of any paiticular State."
| This provision does confer a jurisdiction; but it
|[ is a fiduciary jurisdiction, to take care or dispose
|: of the territory of the United States for the peonle
j of the United States—their equal property.' The
|i trust is to be exercised for the benefit of all; and,
j| in reference to the ends contemplated, to make
j rules and regulations until the territory can claim
] the attributes of a State. Like a guardian, it can
, hold the lands in aheyancp for the people of the
territory, until they are prepared to assume the
character and responsibility of a sovereign State.
It is something like the relation of guardian and
i ward. When the ward attains age, and is pre-
|i pared for the office of manhood, the authority of
I, the guardian ceases. The guardian's duty is to
' discharge his trust for the benefit of his ward, with
; an understanding that the minor may do what he
; pleases with the property when he gets into the
jj rightful possession of it. Now, suppose the guar-
f; dian to have the charge of many wards, with a
11 joint interest in a common property, under a be-
" quest, all entitled to enjoy its fruits, but some
slaveholding and others n&t—what would be
thought of him as an honest man, as an honest
i trustee, if he were to make invidious distinctions
; between them, with the avowed view of giving one
; an advantage over the other?
| Well, sir, what is assumed that Congress can
! do, and what Congress will be called on to do, in
relation to any territory that may be acquired under
j treaty, or with any other territory? Why, it is
nothing more nor less than this, that none" of the
; slaveholding population of this Confederacy shall
be regarded as worthy of its enjoyment. They
: are to be excluded altogether, upon the ground
1 that no other people shall hereafter form themselves
! into a State, unless they settle the territory upon
I Ir^Pdr^:~ and
: yoU si tanj;r
■ you a.e not to enjoy equally the fruits of conquest ! ■ ling to abide by it; not that it imposes on me con-
( the Federal compact, could have thought there was
. any provision in it by which at any time one sec-
j tion could be sub jected to the mortification of being
! placed in a situation of degrading inequality. No,
! sir; the southern States never thought so. It was
I impossible that any of the States thought so. The
j northern States were then under the influence, not
! of justice alone, but honorable affection to the other
| States that had sustained a war for the mainte-
| nance of northern rights. The men of that day
| entertained for each other the feeling of military
| comrades. They were incapable of treason to good
faith. Their word was sacred. The sublimity of
; modern notions of philanthropy they may have
i felt, in the sentiments of uncalculating honor. They
I never dreamed that any-of them were to be grati-
; fied by treachery or ambition, under the hypocriti-
' cal cant of heartless aspirants. The most enlarged
j distinction of parties is the true and the false. The
! first assumes little. The other has a magnificent
j morality, far above the real condition of this world.
| They look to Heaven, but never lose sight of the
j fruits of tne earth. I am very much inclined to
j think that those who make the most ostentatious
j exhibition of humanity have, in the eyes of Heaven,
' the least. New York, however, in its uncalcula-
. ting disregard of party considerations, may be an
'exception. It is not for me to determine, "iknow
that Esau's hand was used for the benefit of Jacob.
The fanaticism of women—the disinterested enthu-
siasm of Friends—the free sympathy of benevo-
lent people, who, not understanding the institution
of slavery, may be averse to it—have no doubt
gone far to produce excitement. Who is it that
now come in to claim the advantages of such ex-
citement? I answer, the turbulent, the wicked,
and the _desi£,nirig'. Wise and sagacious states-
men? No, sir; politicians now come forwaid to
sustain a power that was never thought of, until
popular phrensy gave a safe pretext for its safe
assertion. Mr. President, Congress has no power
to legislate so as to producc inequality among; the
original partners to the enjoyment of any territory.
Sucn a power has been asserted, and may be
assumed. As Mr. Pinckney said, Congress may
a&sume the power; but it would be a wilderness of
power. It would be one of usurpation and not of
grant. Pow<
