408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Winthrop.
Ho. of Reps.
:s to pass that ordinance. He did so. But
with what view, sir? Not to bring that act into
discredit, but to enforce upon the people of the
United States the importance of adopting a new
system' of government, under which such acts
might henceforth be rightfully clone. This new
system of government was adopted. The Consti-
tution was established. In the very terms of that
Constitution is found a provision recognising the
authority of Congress to prevent the extension of
slavery, after a certain number of year^, (i in the
existing States," and to prevent Us introduction j
into the Territories immediately. What more? Du- j
ring the first session of the first Congress of the |
United States, under this new Constitution, this I
same northwestern ordinance, with its anti-slavery ,
clause, was solemnly recognised and reenacted. '
This is a fact never before noticed, to my knowledge, '
and one to which I beg the attention of the House. ]
Here is the eighth act of the first session of the i
first Congress. Listen to the preamble: I
"Whereas, in ordei that the ordinance of the' United j
States, in Congress assembled, for the government of tiie !
territory northwest of the river Ohio, mm/ continue to have '
Jvll effect, it is requi-Ue that certain provisions should he !
made, so as to adapt the same to the present Constitution of \
the United States:
"Be it enacted&c. I
Then follow a few formal changes in regard to i
the Governor and other officers. The sixth arti- |
cle of the ordinance remains untouched. Mr. |
Madison was a member of this first Congress, as ]
were many others of those most distinguished in 1
framing the new Constitution. And this bill passed 1
both branches without objection, and without any
division, except upon some immaterial amend !
merits. ,
annexation—if the result of these measures could
be to ingraftthe policy of this proviso permanently
and ineradicably upon our American system, I
should regard it as a blessing cheaply purchased.
Good would, indeed, have been brought out of
evil, and we should be almost ready to say, with
the great dramatist of old England:
" If after everv fempeet cornes such calm,
Let the winds blow till they have awakened death."
Yes, sir, in that event, instead .of indulging in
any more jeeis and taunts upon the Lone Star of
Texas, we might rather hail it as the star of hope,
and promise, and peace, and might be moved to
apply to it the language of another great English
poet:
<( Fairest of stars! la<t in the train of ni^ht.
If rather thou belon^t not to the dawn."
i
If we could at last lav down permanently the ;
boundaries of our republic; if we could feel that ■
we had extinguished forever the lust of extended ■
dominion in the bosoms of the American people; !
if we could present that old god Terminus, of whom !
we have heard so much and so eloquently else- !
where, not with outstretched arm still pointing to |
new territories in the distance, but with limbs lop- !
ped off, as the Romans sometimes represented i
him, betokening that he had reached the furthest !
2X>al of his aspirations; if we could be assured that I
our limits were to be no further Advanced, either *
by purchase or conquest, by fraud or by force; j
j then—then we might feel that we had taken a bond ;
i of fate for the perpetuation of our Union. i
J It is in this spirit that I voted for the proviso in j
I the three million bill. It is m this spirit that I :
! offer the proviso to the thirty million bill before '
Here, then, we find the very framers of the T , bo'h; cut off, by oneimd the mme
Constitution themselves, in the* first year of its I a" ,,de? bo'h°f *e extension of slavery
adoption, applying the principle of the Wihnot ! e*ten81on";f territory,.™ « sha l neither ;
proviso to all the territories wh>ch the Genera! Gov- i nepd -the tllree """VT nor the.ll"rt7 for ;
- - u securing peace, and harmony, both at home and
abroad. 1
| I perceive, however, Mr. Chairman, that this ;
; result is not yet to be accomplished. The bill :
| before us will become a law, without proviso or j
ernment then possessed, without compromise as 1
to latitude or longitude. These tenitories were as ;
much the fruit of the common sacrifices, common ;
toils, and common blood of all the States, as any ;
which can be conquered from IVTexieo. They were . i a *■ c 1 * a t«u i i ' / :
the joint and common property of the several State, it C0,1<,itl0n nn<L , Th? remendous power of j
The ordinance was unanimously adopted in 178?' i! P,U"S "J™"1, e m.b,ned w to be conferred on
and was reenacted unanimously in 1789 Mad - l! President, *"<!, to be left to wield .t upon
son, who had disputed the authonty of 'the Co, - J ^ °W1\ year to come,
gress of the Confederation to pass it oriffinally voted °V C,h'm remem ,e'' tT,iU'« ex-
for it himself i„ ,J,e Confess of the Constitution .'i ?"ent '"n 11 Is 'F  nous
and all his colleagues from the slaveholduio- S a.es i T "S°, " Ilke agla t! ' Let him remember that,
... he slaveholding States
voted for it with him. Sir, if the constitutionality
of such an act fan now be disputed, I know not
what principle of the Constitution can be consid-
ered .as settled.
I have said that I regarded this principle as emi-
nently conservative,as well asentirely constitutional.
I do believe, sir, that whenever this proviso shall
be irrevocably established, shall be considered as
unchangeable as the laws of the Medea and Per-
sians, then, and not till then, we shall have perma-
nent peace with other countiies, and fixed bound-
aries for our own country. It is plain that there
are fwo parties in the free States. "
- .   Doth of them
are opposed, uncompromisingly opposed, as I hope
and believe, to the extension of slavery. One of
them, however, and that the party of the present
Administration, are for the widest extension of ter-
ritory, subject to the anti-slavery proviso The
other of them, and that the party to which I have
the honor to belong, are, as I believe, content with
the Union as it is, desire no annexation of new
States, and are utterly opposed to the prosecution of
this war for any purpose of dismembering Mexico.
9n ,7hT n16!£ lT°, pdrtie? in the free States the
South holds the balance of power. It may always
hold it f now, therefore, it will join in puttm*
an end to this war, and in arresting the march of
conquest upon winch our armies have entered' the
limits of the republic, as well as the limits of'sil-
very, may be finally established. i
ly*'" tllis "e® that I bebeve the principle of !
the m/mot proviso to be the great conservative prin- !
ciple of the day, and it is in this vuwthat I desire '
to place it immutably upon our statt te-'moks. The
teouth has no cause to be jealous of s.ich a move- !
ment from our side of the House. The South '
should rather welcome it as an overture of domestic i
peace. i
^ deP1?re the war in which we are '
involved—deeply as [ regret the whole policy of I
though wn may relieve him from all responsibility !
to us, his responsibility to his country and to his i
God remains. The President can make peace with i
Mexico, if he pleases to do so. He has proved ;
that he can usurp authority to make war; let him •
show that he is willing to employ the authority
constitutionally conferred upon him to make peace. ;
I repeat, sir, he can make peace if he will. He can
stop fighting. He can agree to an armistice. He
can signify to Mexico that he has no design to j
dismember her republic or destroy her indepen- I
dene/1. He can withdraw his cirmies to the Rio
Grande. Peace would follow these steps as surely :
ns the day the night.
Two occasions, Mr. Chairman, have already
occurred when the President might have put an '
end to this war with the highest honor to himself ;
and to the country. If, after the battles of the Rio ;
Grande, he had forborne from all further invasion, i
contented himself with the triumphs already ;
achieved and the territory already acquired, and ,
placed himself entirely on the defensive, the war
could not have survived the summer. If, again, \
after the successful storming of Monterey—an '!
exploit which will not suffer by comparison with ,'!
anything in the military annals of the world—he j
h.vl takftn advantage of the terms of capitulation j
which the brave and generous Taylor had so 'j
humanely and so honorably sanctioned, and had ii
adopted the plan of masterly inactivity which that |J
sagacious General proposed, an honorable peace ,'[
might have been looked for at an early day. But
a mad spirit of aggression and conquest was still
destined to prevail. The capitulation was de-
nounced. Ah officer was dispatched, post haste,
to disavow and break up the armistice. The bril-
_ * "Provided, That tlie^c appropriations nie made wuij no
mow of sanctioning any pio*ceution of thft exi-tm? war i
jvini Mpxi>o for tlie acquisition of territory to form new '
bfat<\s to bo added to the Union, oi for the dismembeiment i
ni any way of the republic of Mexico." !
liant achievement of our armies was disparaged.
Their noble-hearted commander was not even
named in the Executive message. And a cry for
more Mexican blood went forth from all the organs-
of the Administration.
And now, sir, if I mistake not, a third opportunity
is about to be offered for ending this war with what-
ever distinction may attach to military and naval
success. A blow is about to be struck at Vera
Cruz. It can hardly fail to he successful. That
far-famed castle will be surrendered to our arms,
as4t lately was to those of France. AH that gal-
lant troops and brave tars can do, in that quarter,
will be done; and victorious wreaths will once
more adorn the brow of the veteran Scott.
And why should not the war end here? What
object is to be gained by further fighting ? Does
the President propose to hold this castle? Why,
sir, I am informed, by one who knows, that even
the Mexican garrison, composed of acclimated
men, to whom the malaria of that region had been
their daily breath from infancy, were dying there
last summer at the rate of thirty men a day. How
many of an American garrison can live there ?
Does the President propose to march to the capital
of Mexico? Our armies may reach it, but it will
only be to realize the idea which Dr. Franklin ex-
pressed in regard to the British armies in 1777,
when they reached the capital of Pennsylvania.
"Sir William Howe," said he, <c has not taken
Philadelphia; it is Philadelphia which has taken
Sir William Howe."
Mr. Chairman, the President must abandon the
absurd idea that he can only obtain peace by con-
quering it. The only conquest which is now need-
ed, m oider to secure peace, is that noblest of all
conquests, in which fortune has no share, a con-
quest over himself; and would to Heaven that we
could vote him supplies enough of true courage
and real patriotism to enable him to achieve it!
He has only to conquer his own self-will, his own
pride of opinion, his own ambition to associate his
name with the acquisition of moie territory, and
we can have peace to-morrow ! Let him but stop
fighting, declare an armistice, and disclaim all idea
of spoliation or dismemberment, and then, how-
ever we may continue to quarrel about the decla-
ration that " war exists by the act of Mexico,'*
we shall all be able to agree that " peace exists by
the act of the President." And, sir, if he should
live a thousand years, he will never win a nobler
tribute than this.
Before taking my seat, Mr. Chairman, as the
| clock warns me I shall soon be obliged to do, £
i propose to make a few remarks on the new tariff
J which has been brought forward by the Committee
1 of Ways and Means, to furnirih the sinews of this
war. I remember, that some seven or eight years
ago-, a paper was sent to the table of the House of
Representatives of Massachusetts, which it became
j my official duty to announce, and which, either
from ignorance or accident, was endorsed "Remon-
! strance agamst the Annexation of 7Yw^s." The
| mistake has proved to have been quite premoni-
j tory. It was very much like spelling lone star
| 1-o-a-n. Loans and taxes are the legitimate fruits
| of the great_ measure of annexation. We have
j had a loan bill, and we now have a tax bill. For
j the first I hare already voted. For the last as it
j now stands, I shall not vote; and I desire to state
. some of the general views which govern me in this
; course.
j I am ready, sir, now and at all times, to unite in
| maintaining the national credit, I do not desire to
see the evils of an odious war multiplied and ag-
gravated by disordered finances and a bankrupt
tieasury. If our armies are to be kept afoot,
wherever they may be, and in whatever numbers
they may be, I am for having means enough in
the treasury for feeding them, and clothing uiern,
and paying them. I^am for paying them, too, if
possible, not with depreciated paper, butinasound
redeemable currency. I desire to leave the Ad-
ministration no apology or pretence for supporting
our troops by a system of pillage and plunder m
the enemy's country.
There are purposes of peace, too, which require
money. There are just debts to he paid, impor-
tant establishments to be supported, cherished
institutions to be maintained, noble charities to be
administered, and the treasury must be supplied to
meet the requirements of them ail.
