1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Reps.
With these views, I voted for the loan bill. I
believed it to be a necessary provision for sustain-
ing the public credit. I believed, and still believe,
that even should the Administration reconsider and
reverse the rash policy they have adopted, and
proceed to prosecute a peace as vigorously as they
have prosecuted the war, the loan would still be
indispensable.
Now, sir, let it be noted that by this loan bill
we have §iven the Administration the precise
amount of pecuniary means which the Secretary
of the Treasury considered necessary. He asked
for authority to re-issue five millions of treasury
notes. We have ejiven it to him. He said that he
should need authority to borrow twenty-three mil-
lions more, in case no additional revenue was
raised, but that if duties were laid on tea and cof-
fee, and the land graduation system was adopted,
he should only require nineteen millions. We have
given him the twenty-three millions. I moved to
reduce the amount to nineteen, and the House
rejected the motion. Yet now he is found calling
u;ion us for the additional revenue besides; and the
Tresident unites with him in a fervid appeal to our
patriotism to lay a tax upon tea and coffee !
The Secretary tells us that these duties are essen-
tial to enable him to negotiate the loan. It is not
so, sir. You have held out such a tempting bait
to capitalists, both foreign and domestic, by the
terms of the loan, that, from present appearances,
it will be negotiated quite too readily. But, if it
were not so, there is another and better way than
by the provisions of any new tariff bill, by which
its negotiation may be secured,
It is one of the great beauties of this system Of
loans that it appeals to the confidence of the peo-
ple. It bears the same relation to the finances
which the volunteer system bears to the military
forces of the country. There must be good will
towards the Government, and something of trust
and confidence in its policy, or neither of these
systems can be successful. Confidence is the one
thing- needful for the public credit; and this confi-
dence must exist in the right quarter.
The venerable Gallatin has given us aseasonable
hint on these points m the pamphlet on the Oregon
question which he published last year. He tells
us in what quarter, and by what means, the Gov-
ernment must obtain these loans:
"There i- a* vet (say* he) but very little active cireula-
ting capital in the new States ; they cannot lend; they, on
the contrary, warn to bm low money. This can bp obtained
in the ^hap" of 1 ">;ms only from the capitah>ts of the Atlantic
Stal''s. A recurrence to public documents will show that j
all the loins of the lasjt war were obtained in that quarter." ,
And again: |
£- When our Government relies on the people for bcins ;
sustained in lmkmsr war, its confidence mu^t be entire.
They mu«t he told the whole truth; and, if thev ar." really ;
in mvor of the war, they will cheei fully sustain the Govern- 1
ment m all the measure j neces^aiy to eauv it into effect."
i
Now, sir, if the President desires to create an ,
entire confidence in the public credit, and to render i
his loans easy uf negotiation, he must let the peo- j
pie of the country understand where this war is to
end. He must tell them the whole truth. He
must disclaim these indefinite ideas of national ;
aggrandizement. He must abandon the purpose i
of dismembering Mexico. He must dissipate that j
dark cloud of disunion which is seen hovering1 over ;
us as often as we agitate the question of an exten-
sion of territory. He must give assurance that i|
peace is to be restored and the Union preserved; jj
and he can then have all the money which may be
wanted at a moment's warning. This, sir, is the j
way, and this is the only way, of creating real ;j
confidence in the right quarter. !
But, if it were true, Mr. Chairman, that addi- i
tional taxes were necessary at this moment to J
sustain the public credit, this little bill, which has
been reported by the Committee of Ways and 1
Means, would do little or nothing towards such an |i
end. Why, there is something almost ridiculous 1
in the introduction of such a bill for such an emer- \
gency as the present. Here we are with a public ;;
debt of fifty millions already created, and with an ,j
annual expenditure of more than fifty millions ;j
already authorized, and how do we propose to \\
provide for it ? We call upon the Secretary for his | j
grand projet, and what does he present to us? Ah
few additional duties on a little iron, and coal, and 1 j
sugar, and two descriptions of cottons; twenty per ,!
cent, on tea and coffee, and a graduation of the i!
price of the public lands! I am wrong, sir. The
Secretary or the Treasury disclaims recommend-
ing the duties on iron, and coal, and sugar, and
cottons. I am not surprised at it either; for the
whole yield of them all would be too insignificant
to be worthy even of his attention. Prom the best
accounts I can get, the duties on one description of
cottons would yield absolutely nothing, as none of
them are imported. The Secretary has been loud
in his complaints about mimmums. Sir, this whole
bill is a minimum, and a friend near me suggests
that it is worthy of a minimum Administration.
Certainly, it is the very smallest bill that was ever
reported in any country to meet so great an exi-
gency. Three millions a year is the largest esti-
mate which anybody can make of the revenue
which will be derived from it; it will probably not
exceed two millions and a half. Scriouslyj Mr.
Chairman, such a bill, in mv judgment, is more
likely to injure the public credit than to sustain it.
If we do anything at this moment, we should do
enough to impress capitalists with the idea that we,
are not afraid to tax. We should go for raising
eight or ten millions more revenue at the least.
With specific duties, and proper discriminations, j
we might easily accomplish that result. And until !
specific duties and nroper discriminations are re-
established, we shall have no sound, productive,
permanent revenue system. j
The Secretary is indeed pluming himself greatly |
on the operation of his new tariff. Undoubtedly, I
sir, it has thus far yielded somewhat more than j
was anticipated. But one swallow does not make j
a summer. One month's operation is no test of a j
tariff. Nor is this a moment when any fair calcu- !'
Kation can he made of its real results. There are I
too many disturbing causes. There is a war on i
this side of the ocean and a famiie on the other; !
no potatoes in Ireland; short grain crops all over
Europe; a second short cotton crop in our south- i
ern States. A general derangement of commerce 1
and currency has ensued, which happens to mure i
greatly to our benefit. You might as well judge 1
of the ordinary height of th« waves by the tog- '
sings and heavings of an equinoctial gale, as of the
legitimate tendencies of the new tariff during such
a financial storm as now surrounds us. Air. Walk-
er should employ Mr. Espy to make his calcula- ;
tions for the present year. !
Sir, I have no confidence in this new system, j
The people have no confidence in it. It is based |
upon false principles. It defies all experience. \
'It abandons all protection of our own labor; and,
sooner or later, it will prove to be utterly insuffi-
cient as a revenue measure. For one, therefore,
I am not for propping it up by any such little biii
as is now submitted to us. T am not for eking
out the insufficiencies of a horizontal tariff by
taxes upon tea and coffee. I am not for supply-
ing means for an unjust war upon a foreign nation :
by an unjust war on our domestic industry. I go },
rather, sir, for the things which make for pence,
and the things by which we may build up one
another. >
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. J. S. PENDLETON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In- the House of Representatives,
February 22, 1847.
The Army Appropriation Pill being before the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union—
Mr. PENDLETON being entitled to the floor, ■ '
proceeded to observe that his honorable friend from
Massachusetts, who had just preceded him, had
very correctly discribed the difficulty, which every j
gentleman was bound to encounter, m finding any
occasion to deliver even a few "words in season" ■
in this House. Such arc the terms and conditions :
of debate here, that we must say what we have to ;j
say when we can.
He should, therefore, feci himself under no obli- ,
gation to confine his remarks to the precise ques- 1
tion before the committee ; but would do, what
every other gentleman in the House hnd done—
treat" of the general subject in his own way. j
He would have been pleased to have found in ;
the example of either partyin this House, any
countenance to the opinions with which he enter-
ed on the duties of the present session, in regard
to the expediency—or in more precisely aecuiate
phrase—in regard to the practical utility of dis-
cussing at all, at this particular time, the causes
and origin of the war with Mexico.
He had thought it was better to look first to the
accomplishment of peace—to the rescue of the
country by any and by all honorable means from
the difficultanddistressingcircumstances into which
it had been so unnecessarily, if not criminally,
plunged—and then to make diligent and careful in-
quiry of the motives and means, by which so great
a calamity had been brought upon it.
I do not mean, said Mr. P., to make complaint
of others, who are acting on different opinions; and
especially of those who belong to the same politi-
cal party with myself.
They have been forced into this sort of discus-
sion, as I will show; and if they had not been, still
I cannot imagine any case of actual war, in which
the Government of the United Stales, could be
placed m a position, where its character or secu-
rity, might require a suppression of free debate, in
this House.
There might be some propriety in deliberating
with closed doors, when the question was whether
we would, or would not declare war. But war
actually existing, I can conceive nothing more
clear, than the right of the Representatives of the
people, to inqure into the causes.
It is a case that cannot often arise, for I believe
this is the first war of which I ever heard, where
the parties who made it, cannot agree as to the
causes for which it was made.
A just, honorable, and fair war, can stand any
scrutiny which the representatives of the people
and the States may feel it their duty to make; and
the more free the examination, the more fully must
the national character be vindicated in the eyes of
all the world; and the more certainly will the Gov-
ernment command the confidence and support of
j its own citizens.
i Our Government is founded on public sentiment,
j It claims to be the freest in the world, in all things
—and in this chiefly, that in relation to alf public
i affairs, it is every man's privilege to think what
he pleases, and to speak what he thinks.
The doctrine that gentlemen representing the
sovereignty of this country in that department, to
the hands of which the issues of peace and war
have been specially confided, are to sit dumb in
th^ir seats, lest offence be given to an imperious
President, who having involved the country in
war would prosecute it without question, hin-
derance, or inquiry, and according to his own par-
ticular fancy, is a new one. It was never known
to that older and better Democracy, whose good
name has already suffered so much, in the bad
hands, that have claimed it as their inheritance. It
is a doctrine which can command the homage of
no heart, that was not made for the bosom of a
slave.
My individual wish was to postpone this sort of
discussion to a period more favorable to a calm,
patient, and if possible, an unexcited inquiry; be-
cause I am profoundly impressed with the convic-
tion, that it is an occasion which appeals solemnly
to all patriotic men; which appeals to them by
every sentiment of fidelity to our happy and pros-
perous experiment, to guard against the recurrence
of similar events, by visiting upon the guilty, who-
ever they may be, all the punishment which the
law and the circumstances will' prcrnit.
Every other gentleman, of all parties, seems,
however, to differ with me on this subject. A
rush from all sides of the House, and on every
sort of question, has been kept up for the floor,
from the beginning of the session to the present
moment, for the purpose of making speeches about
the causes of the war. If the Whigs have been
eager to avail themselves of the advantages which
Executive blunders may have given to their party,
the Democrats, on the other hand, have been no
less prompt to make the origin, the progress, and
the objccts of the war, the theme of perpetual
eulogy and glorification, of their chief and his fol-
lowers. If the former have found nothing to ap-
prove, the latter have certainly detected nothing to
condemn.
About one thing, and one only, all, or nearly
