410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Army Appropriation.BUI—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Reps.
all, have agreed; and that is, that every man shall
speak forth his opinions. And every man, there-
fore, who pretends to speak at all, is placed under
a sort of necessity to deliver his views, whether
they be of any value or not.
It is a refinement of tyranny of which even pro-
gressive Democracy ought to be ashamed, to bring-
on debates of this sort; to force on a feeble minor-
ity these party discussions, and, when we express
opinions not fortunate enough to find favor in
their royal, or rather their loyal ears, to denounce
us as giving "aid and-comfort to the enemy." It
is an extravagance of folly, unworthy the genius
of even that political heresy to suppose, that the
people of this country are so utterly enslaved by
their prejudices and passions, as to be managed
and controlled, to be blinded and humbugged, by
devices so stupid as this.
We all know that the President himself was the
first man to commence this discussion. That I will
more particularly notice at a future stage of my re-
marks.
Gentlemen feel themselves at perfect liberty to
laud, without measure, the wisaom, and energy,
and patriotism of the Chief Magistrate; to swear
that all he has done, or is doing;, is precisely the
best and wisest thing that could possibly be done.
This is all very patriotic, and is the effect of the
noblest impulses of representative fidelity, and
uublic devotion. Nor is this all. There are those
who find no difficulty in abusing or censuring all
concerned m the prosecution of the war, except the
commander-in-chief—the President. It is treason
to find fault with him.
Our gallant army and brave generals, who have
marched from victory to victory against a foe three
times their number—a foe fighting on his own soil
—behind his own fortifications—amidst the stirring
suggestions of his altars and his home—these men
bearing proudly and bravely their country's flag,
in a career of triumphs, uninterrupted for a moment
by the power of the foe, or the yet more formida-
ble power of his pestilential clime—whipping more
than they could feed, and conquering mor^than the
Executive has provided them the means of keep-
ing—fhey have been assailed on this floor.
Carpet knights have undertaken to criticise the
Mexican war, practise treason. If I believed that I
such had been his intention, I would concur with j
those who apply to him the harshest epithets. ;
I deny that a President of the United States has j
a right to slander his constituents with perfect j
impunity; or to make malignant and unfounded s
charges against other members of the Government, j
as elevated, as responsible, and in every particular, j
as respectable as himself.
which the President, in his annual message, assigns
as the leading; cause of the war. He does not as-
sert in terms that the war was declared on account
of the claims of our citizens against the Govern-
ment of Mexico, but he gives seven pages of his
annual message to the subject of these claims, and
so states and argues the case as to make, if he did
not intend to make, on the minds of the people of
this country, the impression, that the war is main-
His office entitles him to terms of respect and j ly, if not entirely, to vindicate the honor of our
courtesy. It is a title, however, which he may
himself forfeit. If he chooses to forget that he is
President, it is not particularly your duty or mine,
! to remember the circumstance. If he prefers to
i descend from his high station to a vulgar party
! and political digladiation, then he must expect to
- receive blows, as well as to give them. And if he
; take a fancy to vilify half his own constituents,
| by uttering foul imputations against all who differ
! with him in opinion, then, sir, he strips himself of
j all the protection which the Presidency can give,
I and deserves to have, and whenever the case oc-
fla?, against insults offered it by Mexico; and to
enforce the payment of money justly due our citi-
zens for wrongs and olitrages committed upon
them; and that these wrongs and outrages were
committed upon them under such circumstances,
that our Government is bound to see them righted.
I regret to have occasion to refer to these claims
at all. I know personally none of the parties, and
have no feelings for or against them, except that
natural bias and sympathy which we all feel for
our own countrymen, in aquestion between them,
and a foreign Government, wheie there is any color
curs, I hope will have, be he of what party he may j! of equity or justice in their demands.
■his conduct described and denounced in such jj If any harm come to these claimants, from the
terms, as to do justice to its absurdity and inso-
lence.
In this particular case, I think the President is
only taking a little passage at arms, with the edi-
tors of a well-known and most respectable Whig
i paper. I leave them to fieht it out; perfectly sat-
j isfied, that the champion of my side of the question,
j will prove altogether equal to his duty
| policy of the Administration which has placed them
| so prominently forward on this great and exciting
j national question, let them remember that the fault
j is the fault of the-President, and his advisers, and
I them alone.
I He commenced this discussion. Without any
1 necessity or propriety in doing so, he addressed to
the country, through Congress, seven pages of his
Whether we are to offer Mexico fair and honor- \\ annual message, on the subject of those claims;
able terms—to seek a peace without the condition
: of further territorial acquisition, or to go on in that ;
! career (already so disastrous) of boundless, and >
j endless, and lawless annexation of provinces of ;
! other States, still men and money are wanted. ■'
They are wanted to save our army now in Mexico, '
from total sacrifice; the reputation and character of
the country, from absolute disgrace or destruc-
tion.
I shall vote for men and money. I cannot con-
cur with those, who think that the war if need be,
should be stopped by our refusing supplies.
Ours is a very different case, from that of the
British Parliament. They can force a termination
campaigns of an able and experienced General—a J! 0f war in no other way. [Here a gentleman in-
General who, fighting for his promotion, from the I; quired, How can we?] Easily enough, sir—By
lowestto the highest rank in the army, and through jj the removal of the President. That can be done
three wars in which we have been engaged, has j1 under the Constitution in two ways; but practical-
never managed a battle where he had equal nura- ^ ]y and really there is but one way, and that is by
bers, and never fought one, which he did not win
All this, I repeat, is very patriotic. But when
we come to express the opinion that the war was
unnecessary, and might have been avoided, it is
giving aid and comfort to theenemy."
I am not'referring to the President's message,
but to the applications made of his remarks on this
floor. Some of his friends have had the grace to
disclaim for him (I presume by authority) any in-
tention of attacking the freedom of debate in this
' the ballot-box.
and there are now hundreds and thousands of the
people of the country, who verily believe we are
fighting with Mexico to make her pay them, and
that that is really the cause of the war.
I have said the President did this thing without
any necessity or propriety.
What necessity was there for his explaining to
Congress the causes of a war, which he elsewhere
says Congress itself made, and for which he and
his presses everywhere declare, that Congress is
responsible?
If Congress made the war, and these claims
were the cause of it, one would suppose that we
were perhaps as well informed on the subject, as
the President himself* The condescension of the
Chief Magistrate, in furnishing us reasons for an
act, we ourselves performed six months ago, may
be very amiable, but certainly it does not imply a
very high compliment.
The truth is, and every man who knows any
There is no analogy between the British Parlia- :j thing, knows it to be the truth, that the Mexican
1 ment and ourselves on this subject.
i The British monarch has the war-making power.
Ours makes war to be sure, but not by authority
' of law. The King "can do no wrong." The
\ President is liable to impeachment. But above all,
i the British King is in his office for life, whilst our
! King is in, for only four years. And, m this par-
ticular case, I thank God, most devoutly, that two
House. He only meant "a few," we are told, of j! years of that four, have passed.
the people of this country, when bespoke of those
who are giving aid ana comfort to the enemy. I
believe he did only mean a few. ,|
I think, however, that a more distinct and un- !i
equivocal expression of what he did mean, would
have been in better keeping with the dignity of his ;i
station, and with that manliness and spirit which j,
his parasites and organs attribute to his character, ji
T-he President of the United States has the right, ■!
and it is his duty, to denounce treason where trea- j!
son exists, and to see that it is prosecuted and pun- il
ished, so far as it is in his power. As first magis- i |
trate of the country, and one, therefore, whose ,j
words have an influence, possibly, in vast dispro-
portion to their intrinsic importance, he should i'
make such denunciation in terms distinct and ;
explict. ji
It would be a scandalous and disgraceful abuse
of theprivileges of that high station, for any incum
Sir, we must do one of two things—impeach the
President and break him, or sustain him and his
war, until we can put in a new party, and make
peace. I am not m favor of impeachment, there-
fore I will vote supplies.
The Constitution has made him commander-in-
chief of our army and navy—the people having
elected him President—and he has ordered his
fleets and forces to duties, where, by thousands,
they are perishing from pestilence and the sword,
or are cast away, ships and men, amid the stormy
perils of an inhospitable shore. Sir, I would save
these men, from the inevitable consequences of a
refusal of supplies.
I expect to vote for most, if not all, the supplies
the President may call for ; not that I have the
slightest confidence m the ability of the President,
or those about him, to conduct the war wisely, on
any plan, whether of offensive or defensive opera-
bent of it, to enact the part of a paltry demagogue ] tions; nor yet that I desire to win, either by war j they are entitled to full indemnity, and
-—without tne spirit of an untitled demagogue— 1] or negotiation, one inch of territory from Mexico; - duty of our Government to enforce it. an«
J-.fr ntfoi-inrr oilH nil hlioli miv inHotimto ov-iM *'■-> [' 1   l___ __t   1 i i . •> '
by uttering and publishing indefinite and vague
charges and insinuations—lKftn\bigua vocess in
vulgum spargere'1—which may or may not be ap-
plied, to all his countrymen, who differ with him
jn opinion.
I desire to be distinctly understood as acquitting
the President of intending to announce so mon-
strous a proposition, as that ail who condemn the
i but because he has been appointed by the people of !/ promptly.
claims had about as much to do with the actual
production of war with Mexico, as the Maine or
Oregon boundary questions, had to do in produ-
cing that result. A decent respect for the under-
standing of the President, will compel every man
to admit, that so much of his message as treats of
this topic, was intended for the country, and not
for Congress—like the speeches of gentlemen who
talk five minutes, and publish five columns, it was
intended for Buncombe.
I waive for the present any inquiry into the taste
or propriety of a President's availing himself of his
privilege, and duty, of submitting to Congress an
annual exposition of the public affairs, to make an
electioneering appeal to the country; and I meet
the message on the is&ue which he himself ten-
ders.
I deny that these claims were in any respect the
cause of the war, or that they could have been at
any time, properly, and reasonably, made a cause
of war.
The obligation of the Government of the United
States, to protect its flair everywhere, and against
every Power, is unquestionable.
Whenever the citizens of this country, pursuing
a lawful commerce under the protection of that flag,
have been plundered, imprisoned, or any way in-
jured and maltreated, then, and in every such case,
it is the
and to do so
this country to the chief command, and I am com- .
j pelled either to abandon my countrymen to a terri- ,
j ble fate, or to save them by the only instrumental- i
j ity at my command, viz., by furnishing him the j
, means of recruiting and subsisting them. !
] I come now to consider, fust, the principal point j
1 I had in view in addressing the committee, that '
Unfortunately for many of our citizens, the prac-
tice of the Government has not been heretofore to
be very prompt, in the preformancc of this liish
duty. Perhaps its course has been the wisest.
We have had many cases, and much delay, vexa-
tion, and loss; but we have got along without wars;
and I hope all our just claims will be nuide. The
