1847.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
29tii Cong 2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Reps.
people of this country have attained a higher civi-
lization, than to he capable of desiring that the
fraudulent and dishonest ones shall be enforced.
There is nothing in the law of nations—a code
than which there is none more distinctly settled
and defined—more clear and more perfectly agreed
and understood) than the doctrine as to what sort
of cases a Government may, and as to what sort it
may not, interfere forcibly in vindication of the
rights of its citizens, and of those who claim to be,
or to have been its citizens. Let us examine these
claims, and see what is their character, and what
has been the conduct of Mexico, about them.
I will endeavor, in as few words as possible, to
state a proposition or two, by which I hope to be
able to present, with more facility, the views which
I have adopted in regard to these claims—
1st. A citizen of the United States, has no right
to claim the forcible interposition of his Govern-
ment for the enforcement of any demand founded
on contract between himself, and a foreign Gov-
ernment, or any citizen of a foreign Government.
2d. When a citizen of the United States leaves
his own country, and becomes a resident and cit-
izen of another country, he cannot rightfully claim
the forcible interference of the Government of the
United States to protect him, or indemnify him,
against any wrongs, at the hands of the Govern-
ment of his adoption, or of its citizens.
I assert these to be principles of the public law
not to be questioned or disputed, at this day, at all.
The Government of the United States, and all other
Governments, are accustomed, in very strong cases
of this description, to use what they catt'friendly
offices"—that is* they permit their foreign diplo-
matic agents, to render any assistance to such
claimants that will not, in any manner, commit the
Governments represented by them.
Beyond this they do not, and, by the law of
nations, cannot go.
The claims against Mexico, called claims of
American citizens, consist of three classes—
The first class consists of those ascertained to be due ,
by the mixed commission and umpire appointed
in pursuance of the treaty of 1839.. .§2,026,000
2dly. Of cases decided, or disagreed
about by the commissioners, but le-
ferred to the umpire too late for his
decision  928,627
The treaty of 1839, which provided for the
mixed commission, to adjudicate these claims,
stipulated, that if the Government of Mexico should
be unable to pay the awards in money, it should
have the privilege of doing so, in its own treasury
notes.
Treasury notes were then worth from twenty to
twenty-five cents in the dollar. A large additional
issue would have necessarily reduced the value to
something below twenty cents.
The Mexican Government has actually paid in
com, or its equivalent, on account of these awards,
the sum of six hundred and ninety thousand
dollars, (090,000).
2Cow, if Mexico had chosen to avail herself of
the privilege guarantied to her by the treaty, viz., |
to have issued treasury notes in discharge of the J
whole demand, she might have bought up, with i
six hundred and ninety thousand dollars in coin,
three millions four hundred and forty thousand
dollars, (3,440,000,) and thus have paid, not only
all the claims ascertained to be due, but all unde-
cided by the umpire, and yet leave a large balance
in her favor, and that, tqo, on the calculation, that
the umpue would confirm the views of the Ameri-
can side of the commission; a thing which had not
occurred m any instance, the umpire having re-
duced them one-half, in the whole aggregate of
their decisions.
Nor is this all. After these awards were made
they were sold in New York, and in large quanti-
ties, for six cents in the dollar.
But I come to another and a very important
point. How many of these claims are of that sort,
thai our Government had no right to enforce pay-
ment? in regard to which Mexico had the legal
to say, "I refuse to treat of those claims at
all. The parties have no remedy, except through j
my own tribunals.J5 |
1 have not had time to make a precise and exact '
abstract of the whole record, but, as far as it does ;
go, the following is correct. i
Any gentleman who desires to ascertain to adol- i
lar, the true state of the case, can find, in the fifth
volume of Executive Documents for the year 1841-
'42, the statement as then published.
The only deficiency of this expose is, that some-
thing may have been left out. There is nothing
stated that will not be found there; so that the case
is, at least, as strong as I state it, and possibly
much stronger. I find the following items among
the claims allowed by the u mixed commission:"
For personal injuries, loss of property, &c., in
1831, imprisonment, &c  $12,803
For various groundless criminal prosecutions, for
the purpose of expelling him from the country,
imprisonment at various times for more than
eleven months, repeated banishments, breaking
up business as a merchant, stoppage of saw-
mills, seizure of personal property, final expul-
sion from his lands, improvements, saw-mills,
&c., loss ofhis land from the Guazaquileo nver 100.000
To the same person, for the same sort of injuries 45,174
$166,977
Military occupation of tenements in Matamoros.
in part under contract arid in p<ut by force..... 16.815
For supplies* furnished brig at Key West  16^941
Building vessel of war, at  18,291
For vesseh, &c., turmshed in the war of her inde-
pendence  183,324
Do , $88,931. Do., £2*2,639. Do. .*141,754—ma-
king in all  253,324
For military supplies, (these cases are stated m the
lump, because they are on precisely the same
ground, viz. contract)  417.427
Military Mipplies, $29,152. Do ..$28,925. Do., $5,-
509. Do., $5,GJ0, Do., $5,610. In al!  74,805
Seizure of steamboat employed in the river Tobas-
co, by contract from Mexican Government  99,487
Seizure of wax at Alvarado  18,156
Seizure of merchandise at Saltilio   38,702
Seizure of merchandise at Santa F6  3,542
Of brandy at Vera Cruz, alleged to be Spanish... 17.436
Do. do. do. do  17,435
A claim for arbitrary and unjustifiable banishment
in 182S and 1835, for los?es of property, &e.,
outrages on his person and feelings, &e , See.,
&c.,andf<u other injuries and looses consequent 1
on the> cruel and arbitrary exercise of political !
power. This claim was that of an Italian or '
Spaniard, who hail resided a short time in the j
Uni'ed State? before he went to Mexico For ;
principal and interest it was presented for i®!39S?- j
690 75. They allowed hun    50,000 '
$1,387,924 !
Which, deducted from 025,000, Ipnves  $638,076 '
This £638,000 (or, by a preci«elv accurate calculation, it 1
would fall probably under .?6f,0.r,00) is the whole amount of '
that sou of claims for which the Government of the United ;
States could rightfully have interfered bv force, or was un- I
der any sort of obligation to interfere at all. j
Thecasessubmitted to the umpire, and not decided j
by him, amount to  $928,627 i
Of this number we find, for supplies and advances ' j
to Mexico, m 1816-17  102.803
Do. do. do. do  129,935 1
Claim of widow of an officer who fell in the Mex-
ican service  8,913 .
For a trunk of clothe*  1.483 ■
Damages on certain hills of exchange  45,703
Claim of a Spaniard (nafinabzed in the United
States) for goods seized whilst he was living in
Oazaca,in 1833  14,953,
5-303,668 1
Which, deducted from $928,627, leaves  t?624,059
■ Had the umpire decided the^e cases at about the
same rate of deduction as he acted on in all the
other oases,then thtre would be something less i1
than $300,000 to be paid—say  $300,000 ;
Which, added to $o3S,076, makes  $938,076 J
Now this §938,076 was the utmost extent, of all •
the demands which citizens of the United States \
held against Mexico. I mean such demands as, by ; j
the law of nations, this Government would have a >
right to enforce payment of; so far as ice can learn \
from the evidence submitted to the Mixed Commis- j
sion. > # i:
I have already shown, thatprincipal and interest, ,'
about §690,000, have been paid. So that if Mexi- i
co had, at first, taken ground (and maintained it) i
authorized by the settled doctrines of the public
law, she would now owe but a few hundred thou- ,
sand dollars.
I have shown, also, that by the treaty of 1839, 11
she had the right to pay the whole debt with her ,
treasury notes; and that the coin actually paid, '
was worth more than, in treasury notes, would 1
have paid every sort of claim, good, bad, and
doubtful.
But she did not take such ground. She entered ,
into a treaty providing for an adjudication of ail
cases. Ami then, subsequently, entered into a new ^
convention, binding herself to pay all the awards m ;
coin. Thus waiving, without any consideration, ||
her ri^ht to use her own treasury notes in discharge 11
of her debt. This convention was made by our
minister, Waddy Thompson, in January, 1843.
Santa Ana, in pursuance of its undertakings,
proceeded to pay the awards. He resorted even to
forced loans for the means, and did pay the four
first instalments, when a revolution broke out that
drove him from power.
His successors had not a dollar to pay with.
Their finances were, as they are now, in the most,
wretched condition. Yet they made no pretension"
to repudiate. They protested, at all times, their
anxiety and their determination to pay the whole
debt. And it is not to be doubted, they would
have paid it. If they had not, Congress would
have decided, at the proper time, what was to be
done.
In regard to the claims submitted to the umpire,
and not decided by him, Mexico agreed to refer
I them to a new umpire—to a new umpire to be
named by the American plenipotentiary; and agreed
that he should decide on the evidence already sub-
mitted, and on that evidence alone.
If there be any " outrage"—any fault or crime,
beyond the crimc of being embarrassed and poor,
m the whole conduct of Mexico, I must confess
that I cannot perceive it in the record. And I will
j; not admit it, without proof.
As to the claims never actcd on by the commis*
j sioners, under the treaty of j839, Mexico entered
j into a new treaty, in I\ovember, 1843, for their
j adjudication. This treaty provides for the settie-
j ment of claims, reciprocally, of the citizens of both
| Mexico and the United States against those Gov-
ernments. It made provision for a fair settlement
of all claims, and was understood to have been
entirely satisfactory to our Administration, in all
respects, but was not confirmed by the Senate, for
the reason (it is said) that the commissioners were
to meet in the city of Mexico.
The first commission had already sat in Wash-
ington. The cases to be determined, are dependent
chiefly on evidence to be found among the records of
the courts of Mexico. Mexico had an equal right to
say where the commission should sit, if it had been
an original question; but her claim was Indispu-
table, since the other had sat m Washington. And
it was better the commission should be convenient
[ to the evidence, on all accounts.
I But Mexico was not allowed even this right,
j until she consented that our'minister should name
I the umpire, viz., that he should appoint the judge,
! and they say where the court should sit.
' General Thompson, in making this arrangement,
' rendered a great service to those claimants, who
' have any sort of equity m their demands. He
; ensured a competent judge. Iso honest man or
honest government could ask any more. For be
it remembered, the decisions ere all substantially
made by the umpire—the commissioners of the
two sides never agreeing.
Our Senate rejected the treaty, on the single
ground that the commission was to meet in Mexi-
co: a decision which, with due respect for that au-
gust tribunal, I think was a very erroneous one.
It is the fault of our own Government, that these
claims are not settled, or in a course of settlement.
And whether Mexico could pay at once or not,
the amount due would be ascertained and settled,
as in previous cases.
No man will pretend that all that is claimed is
justly due. I do not presume that there is one
single claimant who will pretend that even his own
account is made out for the exact sum due.
I see that m one of the cases a man presents
his account for " persecutions.55 &c., and m a few
months, without one new item, states it over again,
and mends his hold at the rave of an additional three
hundred thousand dollars. I see m various cases
sixty per cent, per annum charged for interest—
and calculated at the rate of compound interest.
I have not time to go into minute details; and if
I had, still I have no wish to interfere with these
people. But theie is one particular item, a beauty
of its kind, which I will mention. The item is for
fifty-six dozen bottles of porter. I believe the best
London porter can be purchased in any part of the
world for something like three dollars a dozen;
and 1 estimate this porter, therefore, very liberally,
whe'n I put it down at two hundred dollars.
What do you suppose is charged for it in this
account? Why, $1,690—sixteen hundred and
ninety dollars 1 Bat that is reasonable, compared
