414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
2$TH CONG....,2D SESS.
The Mexican War—Mr. Carroll.
Ho. of Reps.
ed, and nothing realized bat three victories; all the
spoils gained by which would not, if clubbed to-
gether, subsist a volunteer regiment, for a fort-
night.
As for the glory we have gained, sir, it seems
to me we have paid pretty well for that: A debt,
which I suppose will not fall short, at the close of
this campaign, of one hundred millions of dollars,
and what is still worse, the sacrifice of twenty-
live hundred or three thousand of the flower of
our youth, whose bodies now mingle with the
clod uf the Mexican valley, or sleep forever, on
the deadly shores of the Rio Bravo.
The President has not pennitted the General to
conduct the campaign. He undertakes here, in
Washington, to decide what the arm}r can and
ought to do. He breaks up an armistice made at
Monterey, and orders the army to advance—with
what success? They do advance, only to turn
upon their tracks, without having achieved any
result; and the next we hear of the gallant Worth
and Ins division, he is at the starting point—Bra-
sos Santiago.
The brave General Taylor has been censured
'for the teuns of the Monterey capitulation. And
even on this floor, his conduct elsewhere, has been
the subject of attack. The honorable gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Ficklin,] who seems to have
a call for military criticism, asked, in reference to
the fugitives of Palo Alto, and Resaca de la Palma,
iS why he did not cut them ofP" I suppose the
gentleman would hardly desire that General Tay-
lor should assassinate his prisoners, and yet he is
certainly aware, that he was not able to feed them.
But a Senator has answered the inquiry, what
he should do with them. " Discharge them on pa-
rote.'* Discharge an army of Mexican ranche-
ros on paioie! Why, sir, it would be a very
troublesome operation to mark them, and unless
you did, you would never identify one of them.
I mention these things to show that General Tay-
lor was not only improperly interfered with by
the President, but has been most absurdly assailed
by his partisans.
The President has not the confidence of his
party. With nearly seventy majority in one
House, and ten in the other, he can get no bill
through, without the aid of the Whigs. He called
for a lieutenant general; it was refused him by
the vote of his own party. The grand leading
proposition of the session was defeated in this
measure. This favorite conception of the Presi-
dent, this lieutenant general, fell at the first fire,
and he will rise no more.
He lay* like a warrior taking IiiAiest,
With hi-> martial cloak aroimd him."
He asks money, you stick on the Wilmot proviso.
He calls for regulars, you give him volunteers.
If he asks "for bread, you give him a stone; if he
asks for a fish, you give him a serpent."
Sir, he cannot carry on this war. His party is
divided on all the great questions of the day. How
could it be otherwise? Without any common
principle, men of all the varieties of political com-
plexion ever known in the country united together
for the purpose merely of getting possession of the
Government, and the advantages of its administra-
tion.
True, you published a creed at Baltimore, every
important article of which has been violated by
one or the other of the divisions of your party.
You have agreed, as a party, on but one measure,
(with ordinary unanimity,) since you came into
power, and that, as might have been expected,
one of the worst of your measures. I mean the
subtreasury. \\
6 Two years have not transpired since Mr. Polk's |!
inauguration, and yet what of discord has not oc- \[
curred in this harmonious party ! The Northwest i|
arrayed against him for his course on the Oiegon
question, and denouncing him with a bitterness ;
which I shall not imitate. The Lake country and j:
the Upper Mississippi against him on his veto of!'
the river and harbor bill. Pennsylvania, Ohio,
and New York, first giving him a divided support !i
on the tariff, and then swept by the hurricane of
the last autumn so effectually as scarce to leave
a man to tell the tdle of that unexampled disaster. |!
The martyrs are here, sir, contemplating, m the j.
philosophic calmness of a post mortem existence, j:
the beauties of progicssive Democracy. They ji
have, to do them justice, shown spirit enough to  
recoil under the tread of the idol that has crushed
them: his friends in the South proposing to draw
back his armies from the prosecution of the war,
and those in the North pressing for conquest of
territory, to be converted into an abolitionary cor-
don, on our southern frontier.
I see nothing, Mr. Chairman, but unmixed evil
to come out of this Mexican war. If there be any
good, it will be the putting to rest forever that un-
fair and untruthful argument, used so long, and
with so much effect in the South, against the
Whig party—that their political friends in the
North are in closer affiliation with the Abolitionists
than are the Democrats.
I do not charge that the more respectable men
of the Democratic party have used this argument.
But I do charge that it has been used, and used
with great effect.
Behold the position of the two parties, at this
moment, on this great question.
The Democratic party, with a very few excep-
tions, go at this moment for territorial acquisition,
to be made into free States, on our southwestern
border; and to carry out this purpose, they put to
hazard the Union itself.
The Whigs, on the other hand—every man of
them—say to us of theSouth, " We want no more
territory,-free or slave; we have enough, and more
than enough. We have already discord and
trouble enough. But if you will not be warned—
if you will go on in this wild career of annexation,
we tell you now, that whilst we leave to you the
management of your domestic institutions as seems
best to you, whenever these new territories do
come m, public sentiment in our end of the Union
will force all parties to insist upon conditions which
will enforce submission upon -you, or rend our
Union into atoms."
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. C. H. CARROLL,
OF NEW YORE,
In the House of Representatives,
February 22, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the Bill making appropriations for the support of
the army for the year ending June 30,1848—
Mr. CARROLL said: In the remarks I purpose
to submit to you, Mr. Chairman, on the bill now
before the committee, I shall not attempt to answer
all the arguments of the gentleman who preceded
me, and who has ably sustained the cause of the
Administration according to the views he enter-
tains of it; but I shall nevertheless take the liberty,
before entering on what I intended to say upon the
bill itself, to notice, as briefly as my time will per-
mit, some of the causes which he has assigned for
the existing war, and his denunciations against
those who happen to differ from him in opinion in
regard to those causes.
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Norris] laid it down as his opinion, that one of
the chief causes of the war was the procuring of
satisfaction for the claims of our cu'zens against
Mexico for depredations and injuries committed
prior to the annexation of Texas. Now, I put it
to you, sir, to the committee, and to this nation,
whether, if that annexation had never taken place,
we should this day have been at war? Was that
the cause why the friendly relations subsisting be-
tween the two Governments were interrupted, and
the Mexican Minister, General Almonte, demand-
ed his passports, and left this country? Did he
leave because of the difference between the two
nations on the subject of those claims, or on ac-
count of the course taken by our Government in
prosecuting those claims? No, sir; the avowed
cause of his withdrawal, threatened in advance,
and carried out on his part, was the passage of the
act for the annexation of Texas. From that an-
nexation proceeded the act of the President of the
United States in ordering forward the American
forces to the left bank of the Rio Grande—march-
ing them into what, to say the least of it, was
clearly disputed territory. And that annexation,
together with the acts of the President consequent
upon it, has been the true cause of the existing
war, and of all the evils and calamities which our
country has, and is destined to suffer therefor, for
years to come.
Before I proceed to notice the bill before us, per-
mit me to say a word or two in regard to the pro-
visoes which have been offered to it by my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrof;] one of
which meets my most cordial approbation. That
gentleman has offered three provisoes, to wit:
a Provided, That no more than a proportionate amount
of the money appropriated by the two firet sections or'this
bill shall be expended during any one quarter of the year
for which ?aid appropnations are made.
"Provided, ctlco, That so much of said appropriations
shall be unexpended at the next meeting of Congress shall
be >ubject to reconsideration and revocation.
" Provided, further, That these- appropriations are made
with no view of sanctioning any prosecution of the exuams
war with Mexico for the acquisition of territory to form new
States to be added to the Union, or for the dismemberment
in any way of the republic ot Mexico."
It is to the third of these that I will first invite
the attention of the committee. That proviso dis-
tinctly declares that the war shall not be prosecuted
for the acquisition of territory to this Union to form
new States of. I am glad my honorable friend
from Massachusetts has offered this proposition.
Here, Mr. Chairman, is a platform on which wc
all can rest; North and South, Whig and Demo-
crat, we can all rest together here. This is a pro-
vision which, if adopted now, may speedily and
safely lead us to the havgn of peace. Such an
amendment is called for by every consideration of
duty to our country, to ourselves, and to the Presi-
dent of the United States. Congress having passed
an act recognising the existence of a state of war,
and having empowered the President to carry it on,
if we desire him to procure a. peace, and not to
push the war for purposes of conquest, it is due to
him that Congress shall make a declaration of its
will to that effect. No territory can be acquired
from Mexico and added to this nation without the
most imminent peril to the peace, happiness, and
perpetuity of the Union. What northern Repre-
sentative (with the few. very few exceptions re-
corded on the Journal and marked at home) will
ever be found voting for the acquisition of territory
which is not all to be forever free? And, on the
other hand, what southern -Representative (and
here there are no exceptions) will ever go for the
annexation of territory which is not to be shared at
least in equal proportions, slave and free.
Ts there any, the least, the remotest prospect
that the two sides of this H ouse can ever be brought
to unite upon this question ? Should the war be
protracted for years to come, is there the least
chance of such a union ? No, sir. We may go
on and expend not only one but several hundred
millions of dollars in prosecuting this war, and if
we thereby get a part or the whole of Mexico it
will be of no value to us. Whenever that question
comes, we will find ourselves worse off than though
we had never conquered it.
Sir, I congratulate my northern Democratic
friends on having, at last, come over and taken
their places with Northern Whigs in opposing the
extension of slavery; that they ore at length found
acting with ns in furtherance of this righteous
cause. Would that they had all acted thus at the
time Texas was annexed to rhia Union ! Had
they come up then, as they are doin? now, and
fully stood up to their duty, Texas would not have
been annexed, our country would be still enjoying
the blessings of peace, and difficulties would" not
thicken around us as they now do. The Whig plat-
form was then, as it is now, in opposition to the
annexation of any territory to the Union that did
not rightfully belong to it. 1 invoke my northern
Democratic friends who now unite with northern
Whigs m opposing the annexation of anv territory
hereafter to this Union which shall not be fruever
free, also to unite with us in opposing the acquisi-
tion of any territory from Mexico. At the same
time that I hail them as friends in opposing the ex-
tension of slavery, I invoke them to a closer union,
and, as patriots, looking to the peace, happiness,
and perpetuity of the Union, to go with us against
the annexation of any territory from Mexico, as
the only sure means of attaining all those great and
noble purposes. Yes, Mr. Chairman, although
our land and naval forces are said to have reduced
into our military occupation the provinces of Tam-
aulipas, Coabuila, Chihuahua, New Leon, New
Mexico, and the Califormas, being three-fifths of
the entire territory of the Mexican republic, we can
