416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 25,
29th Cong.,...2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
remaining. And the only mode the President can
devise to increase the revenues to meet the enor-
mous expenditure of this Mexican war, is this pal-
try and onerous tax on tea and coffee. This was
what his Secretary proposed to us last year, and
signally failed in accomplishing; and now, to gild
the pill, he proposes to add a little protection on
iron, on coal, and on sugar, amounting, all put to-
gether, to but some three or four millions; and, to
crown the scheme, he is for lowering the price of
the public lands, which will' take off from a half to
a million of this increase. The old specific for rais-
ing revenue by lowering prices ! The peace meas-
ure again recommended as the war measure! He
could not forget all that his Secretary of the Treas-
ury had said about low duties raising more rev-
enue; but the pinch has come, and he is forced to
a partial abandonment of the theory of lowering
the duties to replenish the treasury for the exigen-
cies of war. It would not, however, do to let the
people quite forget that precious theory; so he put
in a graduation bill to catch the West, a little pro-
tection on iron and coal for popularity in Pennsyl-
vania and New York, and a little on sugar for the
South. The whole bill was for^arty, and nothing
but party purposes. Nothing else could ever have
induced the Secretary of the Treasury and the Com-
.roiftee of Ways and Means to recommend to the
House such a miserable scheme of finance as this,
while the war was accumulating a debt upon the
country of untold millions. This the President well
knows, but wittingly conceals. i
Has he acted with the candor becoming the j
President of the United States in his message to j
Congress telling us what will be the probable ex- j
penses of this wai ? No, sir. The war will cost j
at least quadruple his estimates.
IV!r. C. said he did not say these things because
lie should vote against this bill. No. He meant
to vote for it, beeausc he knew the country was in
want of all the money it appropriates. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have introduced this
bill into the House, based upon estimates from the
War Department, amounting to thirty millions of jj
dollars—five millions to meet the deficiencies of 'S
the current year, and twenty-five millions for the I1
next year, to be applied to military operations. j
I confess, said Mr. C., that I should havQ some |
hesitation in voting so large an amount of money, |
and placing it at the absolute discretion of the !
President of the United States a year in advance, i
while I hope before that time that we may have a i
peace. But, though the Committee of Ways and i
Means tell us that five millions is all that will be ;
wanted to meet the deficit m the present fiscal !
year, I have seen enough to convince me that, un-
less the President uses the greater part of the bal-
ance of twenty-five millions for this purpose, there i
must still be a deficit unprovided for.
What is the amount of force now in the field,
and the additional force which we have authorized
the President to call out? According to a report
of the Adjutant General, the actual force in Mex-
ico on the i2-Jth of September last, was 24,084; viz:
volunteers, and 8,473 regulars. There has |
since been a requisition upon the States of nine ;
regiments and one battalion of volunteers, (say j
9,000,) who are now either m Mexico or on their !
way, and will increase the force there to about j
34,000 men. A bill has passed this House, and |
will doubtless become a law, for the re-enlistment ;
during the war of the twelve months volunteers in
Mexico. Should one-half of them not re-enlist,
and return home, there will still be there an army
of 26,000 men. Add to these the ten regiments
of regulars, and the four companies of artillery
recently authorized to be raised, and a sufficient •
number of recruits to fill up the rank and file of j
the regular aimy, and the total force will be about j
44,000 men. Deduct for casualties and deficient ;
cies in enlistments 4,000, and we shall have an '
army m Mexico of 40,000 men. '
The cost of maintenance of such an army, in an '
enemy's country, scantily supplied with provisions
and necessaries for their own inhabitants, the im-
mense cost of transportation at so great a distance
from our own, and the heavy expense of trans-
porting supphes from point to point after their ar-
rival there, on account of bad roads, swamps, and
mountain passes, with the thousand expenses in-
cident to the armament, equipment, raising and
maintenance of such a force, I am unable to esti-
mate; and the utter inadequacy of estimates from
the department since the commencement of the
war shows the little reliance to be placed thereon.
If I were not satisfied that a verjr great part of the
twenty-five millions of dollars will be required for
the deficiency of the present year, I could not vote
for so large an appropriation in advance of the
meeting of the next Congress. But believing as 1
do that ft will all be needed for the deficiency of
the present year, and the expenses of the next,
whether we have peace or not; and being in favor
of my country, and not willing to leave her armies
in the field unprovided for, 1 shall vote for this
bill.
[Here there was a general leaping to get the
floor.]
Mr. Chairman, I am reminded by this call for
the floor, that my hour is nearly out, and the few
moments only left compel me to bring what I
would desire to have said more at length hurriedly
to a close.
It is said " that this war has not been waged for
conquest." We have this from very high author-
ity. It is the language of the President's message
at the commencement of this session. He seemed
to have forgotten the previous language of the
message:
"The pi ogress of our country in her career of greatness,
not only in the vast extension of our territorial limits, and. the
rapid increase ot'our population, but in resources and wealth,
and in t!ie happy condition ol oai people, is without an ex-
ample m the history ot nations."
Also, his congratulation upon the subject in an-
other part of the message:
" I congratulate you on the success which has thus far
attended our military and navaJ operation*. In less than
seven months aftet Mexico commenced hostilities, at a rune
selected by her^-Jf, we have taken possession of many of her
puncipal ports,driven back and pui'ailed her invading army,
and acquired military possession of the Mexican provinces
of New Mexico, New Leon, Coahuila, Tamauiipas, and the
California-, a territory larger in extent than that embraced
in the original thirteen States of the Union."
He seems also to havfc forgotten the language of
the Secretary of War:
" By the operations of the land and naval forces, we are
now in military possession of the dcpaitinentof Tam<vulipa>,
of the right bank of the Rio Grande tor several hundred miles
from its mouth, and the depaitment of New Leon. Coahui-
la and Chihuahua are m effect wrested tioin the control of
Mexico; all Mexican authority, both civil and military, has
been displaced in New Mexico and the California*, and
these large and important provinces are in our quiet occu-
pation."
The proclamations of our generals and commo-
dores also seem to have escaped htm. It is, indeed,
difficult to reconcile the President with himself
upon this subject. But, although our armies have
traversed, and our lleets encompassed, and the
President's proclamations extended over all these
| provinces, which are together larger than the old
thirteen States of this Union, and cmbrace three-
fifths of Mexico—let me tell you, Mr. Chairman,
' that they only embiace one-fourteenth part of her
[ population, and that of this small part more than
! one-half aie Indians. The provinces thus far over-
; run are comparatively an immense wilderness, the
, residence of various savage tribes. The reniam-
| der of the country, although only two-fifths of the
i whole, contains 0,500,000 of the whole 7,000,000
of Mexican population. The difficulties and dan-
, gcrs of the war, it will be seen, have just com-
menced. The great bulk of the Mexican popula-
; tion is condensed m a small portion of her immense
■ territory; a country lepresented to be very difficult
of conquest, filled with defiles and narrow passes*-
! from which our army may be easily surprised,
j Unless, then, our object is the conquest and the
! subjugation of all ?/iexico, ought we not to pause
I and count the sacrifice of men and money before
! wc go furthei with this war?
i I avail myself of my last moment to appeal to this
I committee and this Congress, whether nothing can
! be done to bring this war speedily and honorably to
, a closer Is there no platform upon which we can
, all stand together? Yes, there is one, and but one,
Let us determine, as well as say, that this war shall 1
' not be waged for conquest; that wc want none of |
the Mexican terntoiy. Let Mcxico know that we !
want no territory but what rightfully belongs to j
us, and indemnity for no claims that are not justly !
due to our citizens; and there can be no difficulty j
in obtaining peace. A continuance of the war ,
, against a feeble neighboi, after the memorable 'oat- i
! ties already fought and won, cannot be necessary ,
i for the honor of our arms. Is'either is it nccessai y j
for the acquisition of territory which is to be an
apple of discord among ourselves. Our country
is not only suffering from the evils of war, but our
internal peace and harmony are in imminent peril.
The cause of religion and humanity appeal to us to
relieve the country from these evils and perils. Let
us submit to the sacrifice of all the war has cost*-
us for peace and union. Let us all, Whigs and
Democrats, Slavery and anti-Slavery men, elevate
ourselves above party or sectional prejudices, and
look only to the peace and honor of the country
and the perpetuity of our institutions.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF ME. DAVIS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Senate, February 25, 1847,
On the Bill appropriating Three Millions of Dol-
lars, to bring the war with Mexico to a speedy
teimination.
Mr. DAVIS said he rose to address the Senate
with unfeigned reluctance upon a subject which
had been long under debate, and had occupied the
gifted minds of many able and eloquent members
of that body. But it had drawn into discussion
great and exciting questions, as was cleaily de-
monstrated by the devoted attention of members
and the crowd that constantly thronged the galle-
ries. What is the cause of the war which exists?
Who brought it on ? How shall we escape from
it? Is it a war carried on for the conquest of ter-
ritory? If territory shall be acquired, what shall
be done with it? Shall it come under our jurisdic-
tion without conditions, or shall conditions be
made in regard to slavery? All these questions,
great and exciting in their character, have been
opened for consideration, and, said Mr. D., how-
ever strong may be my inclinations to leave the
debate to others, I feel that I have no right to take
counsel of them. The time has come to speak,
and I shall do it in all frankness and sincerity. 1
cannot discuss all these topics, but I shall touch
upon the leading facts and circumstances which
surround some of them, and, that there may be
no cause for misapprehension, I will state m the
outset that I have been ready at all times, and am
ready now, to furnish men and money without
stint or measure, if necessary to defend the coun-
try; nor would I stop in such a contingency to in-
quire by whom or how the war was brought on;
but while I make this avowal, candor compels me
to add that there is a wide dilleience between a
war prosecutcd for the conquest of territory and a,
war for the defence of our homes and fiicsides.
When Congress declared war to exist on the
13th of May last, the emergency was leprtsented
as so great and pressing that there was neither
time for debate nor even to read the documents
sent to our table by the President, but we were
urged to forbear all inquiry until the army was re-
lieved, and at a future day to consider wheie the
responsibility for bloodshed lested. That day has
now come, and 1 propose first to ask, what h?us
been the cause of this war? On this point I think
there is now little, if any, disagreement. It is ad-
mitted from all sides of the house that the annexa-
tion of Texas is the cause. The question yestciday
discussed by the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Bex-
ton] and the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.-
Calhoux] was whether the policy of the latter or
the policy of President Polk in regard to Texas
was the cause of the war.
[Mr. Calhoun said he had never admitted that
Texas was the cause of the war, but he remarked
it might be the occasion of it.]
I adopt, then, the phrase of the Senator; it was
the occasion of it; and I see no essential ditference
between cause and occasion. But, whether it be
admitted or not, all the country knows it is so, and
Senators on the other side of the Chamber have
frankly avowed the fact.
Why was Texas annexed 5 This debate has
placed this matter jn very dear and strong light.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
avows himself the author of that measuie, and
claims the laurels which belong to that triumph.
! He stated distinctly that he seized upon a favor-
able moment, a golden opportunity, that he might
i perpetuate slavery in that republic.
