422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 25,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Lighthouse Bill.
Ho. of Reps.
Hi presumed the opinion of gentlemen on all sides
of the House was fully made up on this bill, and
he would- therefore invite its attention to another,
for the reorganization of the Indian department,
reducing the number of our Indian agencies from
twenty-nine to sixteen, and thus saving the public
money.
The CHAIR reminded Mr. Thompson that his
remarks were out of order on the lighthouse bill.
Mr. THOMASSON, after having an amend-
ment read for information, which he proposed to
offer, said that in regard to this bill he much re-
gretted the opposition which had been made to it,
and the more from the quarter from which the op-
position came. For, though Kentucky was one
of the internal States of the Union, yet she was
interested in every item of this bill. Her people
livgd mainly by disposing of the surplus products
of the State, and these were all taken from her
coastwise. Good lights, rendering navigation less
dangerous, had the effect of reducing the prices of
freight, and added so much consequently to the
price obtained for the goods shipped. Mr T. con-
sidered himself as personally interested in the fur-
thest lighthouse on the extremity of Maine as he
was in those at the mouth of the Mississippi; there-
fore he had been pained to see a member from his
own region of the country rising in his place to op-
pose such a bill as this.
Mr. MARTIN said that the regrets felt by the
gentleman from Kentucky at his opposition to this
bill were not half as great as those which he felt at
witnessing the opposition of that gentleman to the
war.
Mr. THOMASSON thanked God there was no
gentleman on that floor who could go home and
settle more satisfactorily with his constituents and
with his own conscience for his course here than
Mr. T. could. As to the war, he considered it as
unjust, unprovoked, wicked, abominable, and if
there was any other word more expressive, he was
ready to use it to give expression to his abhorrence
of the whole concern.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON here called Mr.
Thomasson to order, and insisted that the same
rule as to irrelevancy which had been so strictly
applied to himself should be brought to bear with
equal strictness on others.
Mr. THOMASSON thought it was better to
speak with freedom his sentiments of the war than
to make open, unprovoked war upon a gallant sol-
dier, who had done more to support the reputation
of the country, ay, and to put some gloss on the
annals of the present Administration, than any
other man in the republic. Mr. T. did not make
war upon the Government; far from it. On the
contrary, he had voted for every appropriation that
had been asked for by the President, and he should
continue to do so if the money was wanted for
the support and comfort and efficiency of the army
only. But if it was asked for to conquer foreign
countries, to make a lieutenant-general to super-
sede Scott and Taylor, or to make traitors of the
leaders even of an adverse Government, he should
refuse it.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he had not
made war against the commander-in-chief of our
army and navy.
Mr. THOMASSON. Well; and am I to be
branded as a traitor if I say that the President
made this war, and, in so doing, violated the Con-
stitution ? Then I will be called a traitor, ay, and
glory in the name. Thank God, so long as I re-
main a Representative here of American freemen,
be the man m high or in low station who violates the
Constitution, and usurps the powers and privileges
of this House, I will disapprove his acts, and he
shall know it. I have a right to differ in opinion
from Mr. Polk, and I have a right to tell him so.
But I shall do it in none but the most respectful
terms. I hold myself bound ever to treat him
with personal respect as a gentleman of digni-
fied deportment and .good private character. But
within this line I shall take care that the expression
of my disapprobation shall not be mistaken.
But as to the opposition to this bill, what was
the use of appointing standing committees of this
House to examine subjects and prepare bills, if
they were not to be presumed to be better acquaint-
ed with the particular subjects committed to them
than gentlemen whose attention had been turned
m a different direction ? The Committee on Com-
merce had well considered and approved the items
of this bill, and he presumed they knew more
about the proper sites of lighthouses than either
his colleague or himself.
As to the amendment he had offered, he had not
moved it with any purpose to break down the bill.
He knew this was sometimes done; but he had
moved this amendment with no such design. He
wished to bring the subject before the American
people. An effort,strong and powerful, beginning
with the President himself, and running down,
through all the grades of his obsequious followers,
to the last and least and lowest of the tribe, was
made to break down the whole policy of internal
improvement of the country. It was no news to
Mr. T. when it came. He had been led to ex-
pect it. A gentleman who had had personal conver-
sation with Mr. Polk but a few days after his in-
auguration, had given him to understand that the
improvement of rivers and harbors, and the con-
struction of canals and roads, was to be held as no
longer constitutional; and (what was of far greater
importance) as no longer Democratic. The States
must do these things themselves, though they had
no revenue out of which to do it. That was the
reason why Mr. T. had moved in this thing. He
wanted the issue clearly made for the people of the
entire Mississippi valley. Let them know what
they had to expect. He asked either that the Gov-
ernment would appropriate to clear these rivers of
snags and obstructions, or that they would provide
for the safety of navigating them by the erection of ,
lighthouses at suitable points. Let the object be |
secured in the one way or the other. Let the
President and his parly say whether they would i
come up to this work; yea or nay. He was de-
termined not to let that issue rest till he got it fairly |
before the people. He was determined to know i
whether improvements, heretofore deemed both
constitutional and Democratic, had ceased to be I
so or not. He wanted to know where the Demo-„
cratic line ran which limited the constitutionality of :
these works. It was once said to run just as high
up the country as there .were any custom-houses.
Where did it run now? Was the article stricken
wholly out of the Democratic confession of faith ?
Mr. T. here adverted to the very small amount
wh ich had been a ppropriated for Texas since her ad-
mission to the Union, the shoal nature of her coast,
the great danger of navigating it, and the necessity
for more lighthouses between New Orleans and the
Rio Grande. It was not worth while to get any
more new territory, if we were not going to do bet-
ter with it than we had thus far with Texas. If
I we were not going to do more to aid the natural
j improvements of the country, it would have been
| better for her to have been left in her independent
j condition. [Here Mr. Pillsbury, of Texas, was
j observed to nod assent.]
; If the doctrine was to be set up and adhered to,
■ that we were to have no more works of internal
II improvement by the General Government, and ;
ji that " the people asked too much of the Govern- j
[| ment" when they asked for such works, he want- j
j; ed that issue to go distinctly before the people, and ,
!| if they, understanding the whole case, were pre- i
j! pared to assent to such doctrine, Mr. T. would |
: bow his head and say amen. j
j Mr. DOUGLASS said he should not now enter j
; into a-discussion of the right of the Government to j
] build lighthouses, and he could not but regret that j
| the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Thomasson] '
i should have dragged this bill into the arena of '■
| party politics, and considered it as bearing on I
i Presidential elections. j
j Mr. THOMASSON said he had confined his j
! view to Congressional elections. [A laugh.] j
I Mr. DOUGLASS said it was well known that he !
was the advocate of removing snags from the 1
channels of our western rivers; but he regretted j
that that measure should have been brought into
the House in such a form as to cast ridicule upon j
it. Such was the only effect which could follow 1
1 the offering of such an amendment as that of the i
i gentleman. ;
I Mr. THOMASSON" said his amendment left it |
j optional with the President to take out the snags
i or to erect lighthouses. If he vetoed the one, let i
j him allow the other. j
j Mr. DOUGLASS hoped that every member
jj would go in favor of removing snags, but none for
" the erection of lighthouses on those rivers.
As to the propriety of the lighthouse system,
there never had been a party division in regard to
its constitutionality or expediency. AH Adminis-
trations, including the present, had been in favor
of it. The President, in his veto message on the
harbor bill, said he should not disturb the settled,
doctrine as to the constitutionality of lighthouses,
buoys, beacons, and sea-walls erected by the Gen-
eral Government, nor did he doubt its wisdom;
yet a few gentlemen here got up and insisted that
all Democrats ought to go against this bill.
[Here some explanations took place between
Mr. Douglass and Mr. Martin as to the ground
assumed by tlte latter, which resulted in the latter's
declaring that his only ground of opposition was
that this bill went too far.]
Mr. D. here went into a defence of the amend-
ment proposing a lighthouse at Copper Harbor, on
Lake Superior.
Mr. PAYNE said, that if he rightly understood
the gentleman from Kentucky, his objection to this
bill was that it was a sort of omnium gatherum
bill—a log-rolling bill—uniting so many various
interests in its favor that it was sure to pas3 the
House, just or unjust; and what had been the
answer to it? Why, the fact was admitted; and
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. McClelland]
had reminded the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Martin] that he had helped him with a little
Buncombe on his mileage bill, and now he ought
to reciprocate by doing as much for his lighthouse
bill.
| Mr. McCLELLAND explained, denying: that
! he had charged the gentleman with having intro-
| duced his mileage bill for Buncombe: it was the
! gentleman who charged this lighthouse hill with
| being intended for Buncombe.
i Mr. PAYNE said, however this matter might
, be, he-could not admit that the fact that this bill
1 might be good for making Buncombe capital, was
a good reason why it should become a law.
Mr. McCLELLAND denied that he had been
influenced by any such considerations as were
referred to by the gentleman from Alabama. If
that gentleman had been for five minutes in the
committee room, while this bill was under ex-
amination, he never could indulge such an idea.
Mr. MARTIN, of Kentucky, said that he had
not the least doubt that this bill was to pass. When
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. McClelland]
referred to his mileage bill, he certainly had spoken
of it as a bill for Buncombe. If the gentleman
thought that all bills to effect essential reforms in
the Government were matters for Buncombe, then
the mileage bill might be a Buncombe bill. But
it was a bill to correct a gross and crying evil,
owing to which a member of Congress, residing
at the actual distance of eight hundred miles from
the seat of Government, received his mileage at
the rate of two thousand miles.
Mr. PAYNE resumed. He said he did not
charge any gentleman with introducing bills here
(i for Buncombe;" but he was undertaking to
demonstrate that the reasons adduced in support
I of this bill were insufficient.
! The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] had
| urged as a reason for passing this bill that he was
| greatly alarmed by storms upon the lakes. Mr.
| P. was not inclined to deny that the waves on the
i lakes might sometimes rise high and the winds
; blow with great violence, while a member of Con-
gress was exposed to them, yet he would not admit
! that to be a good reason for passing a bill like
| this.
; The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Thomas-
j son] had advanced a new principle in this light-
, honse^ system. He went for fully carrying out
j the principle of the bill—and he acted justly and
! consistently in so doing. The gentleman certainly
| had the same n^ht to ask for the erection of light-
I houses on the Mississippi river, on the Tennessee
I river, on the Missouri river, on the Tombigbee
j river, on the Black Warrior river, on the Red river,
! on the Arkansas river, or the Alabama river, as to
| have them erected on the Atlantic coast or the
j shores of the lakes. [A voice: " You have omit-
j ted Salt river."] A gentleman reminds me that I
j omitted Salt river; a culpable omission, certainly,
J running as it does through Kentucky. [A voice:
; "We want it cleared for your benefit. You will
I be running up it, you know, in 1848."]
I I say they have just as much right to have the
