424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 27,
39th Cong 3d Sess.
The Tobacco Trade—Mr. John G. Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
serve the time before stipulated, shall die in the
public service, or be killed in battle, his wife and
children shall be entitled to his land; or, if he have
neither wife nor child, then his father and his mo-
ther shall take it.
[Here Mr. Harmanson inquired of Mr. G.
whether this land bount}' was confined to those who
served twelve months, or to the end of the war.]
Mr. G. answered that it was. He said the se-
lect committee to whom this subject had been refer-
red did not propose to grant a land bounty to those
whe served only three or six months, because their
object was to hold out adequate inducements to
men to serve as long as the country needed their
services. He thought it was a wise policy to en-
courage long inlistments, and to reward those most
liberally who served the longest. A new recruit in
the army is like a new apprentice in the mechanic
arts. He is an awkward new beginner, and his
services for several months are not worth much;
but after he is taught in the school of experience,
after he is drilled and disciplined, and understands
the duties of the camp and the field, then his ser-
vices are valuable to his country. This just dis-
crimination is predicated upon the obvious prin-
ciple that the services of one good mechanic are
worth more than the labor of two raw apprentices
in the same trade.
We can afford to pay more to a well-trained sol-
dier than to a new recruit, because his services are
worth more; and if we desire to retain his services
in the army, we must hold out present reasonable
inducements by granting a bounty of land to him
as a just reward, for long, faithful, and efficient
services to his country.
The monthly pay of all soldiers and volunteers
should be the same, but the land bounty should be
reserved and held as a premium and a reward to be
granted to those only whose good conduct and long
services at the expiration of the term for which they
entered the army shall entitle them to an honorable
discharge. The bill therefore has a double object:
first, to induce men to inlist, for which they will
receive their monthly pay for the time they serve;
and, secondly, to induce them to engage for long
periods, and for the faithful performance of such
stipulation they will receive one hundred and sixty
acres of the public land.
Three and six months' men are unsuited for dis-
tant foreign service. The greater part of their term
of time would be consumed in marching to and
from the scene of war. Such troops would be very
expensive to the Government, and veiy inefficient
in an active campaign; and, therefore, when Con-
gress recognised the existing war with Mexico on
the 13fh day of May last, it was at the same time
and in the same law, declared that volunteers should
be received only for twelve months, or to the end
of the war.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware that there are arreat
difficulties to be encountered in securing the land
bounty to the soldier, and m protecting him against
the artful designs of avaricious speculators. That
is a consummation most devoutly to be wished. I
am willing to go as far as he who goes farthest to
prevent designing speculators ftorn cheating and
defrauding the honest soldier. It is right and proper
to guard and defend his pay and bounty until he
receives it into his own possession; and then, he
being a free, independent citizen, he must do with it
as he pleases. Congress has no right to interfere
with the exercise of his own free will, or with any
disposition he may choose to make of his land
warrant. To attempt to clog and fetter his land
bounty after he took it into possession, would only
impair its value, and give speculators the pretext
of shaving a little nigher the bone than they did
before. Let Congress do its duty. It cannot stand
in the capacity of guardian to improvident men,
and it could not be answerable for the disposition
that might be made of its bounty. I am for leaving
the soldier's bounty untrammelled. The greater
part of those who enter the army are in limited cir-
cumstances. Some of them would desire to settle
on their bounty lands, and others would prefer to
sell it, I am therefore opposed to any restrictions
on land warrants after they are in the hands of the
soldier. Let a freeman do as he pleases with his
own.
Mr. Chairman, we are told in this debate by those
who oppose this bill, that it ought not to pass, be-
cause the Government has not the money, and
could noj, get it, to pay the soldiers. It may be so,
though I hope not. No one regrets the exhausted
state of the treasury more than I do.
I deeply deplore the exhausted "state of the
finances and the reduced condition of the treasury.
I had no agency or participation in depreciating the
credit of the Government, or in passing the sub-
treasury law, requiring the people to pay their
taxes m gold and silver coin, not only to support
the ordinary expenses of Government but to sup-
port the extraordinary expenses of the war. That
was the work of the dominant party in Congress
after war with Mexico had been proclaimed. That
was, in ray judgment, a most erroneous policy.
That was directly the reverse of what the republi-
can Congress of 1812 did when they declared war
against Great Britain. Instead of reducing the
tariff after that declaration of war, they forthwith
increased it. Yes, sir, so soon as they began to
contract war debts, they immediately began to
provide the ways and mear.s to pay them. In my
opinion, after war was declared, that was not the
proper time to reduce the tariff or pass the subtreas-
ury. That was the time to let well enough alone,
and not give certainties for untried experiments.
However, the majority in this Congress would
insist on marching down the hill, and now they
have to march up again. That is all. To that
complexion it must come at last. The fatal con-
sequences of these unfortunate measures are now
rendered plain and obvious. While our public
expenses are daily going up by the operations of
war, our means of payment are going down; and
thereby the Government is rapidly contracting a
heavy public debt without providing any adequate
means of payment. Low tariffs will not meet and
satisfy large appropriations, and the deficiency
necessarily constitutes a public debt. To sustain
the Government in its present embarrassments and
heavy indebtedness, Congress has, at this session,
authorized twenty-eight millions of treasury notes
to be issued, or a loan to that amount. Well, that
is a public debt. We confess our inability to pay
promptly, and give our notes at the treasury for so
much money. But, although this Congress has
been prodigal in making large appropriations, it
has not provided one dollar to pay the national
debt. That, I presume, is to be left as a legacy to
the next Congress. The great error and mistaken
policy in the conduct of a majority of this House,
consists, as it appears to me, in the belief that the
tariff of 1846 is the perfection of legislate e wisdom,
and that it will endure through all time to come;
that it will suit either peace or war, or both to-
gether. But that is all a delusion. Our treasury-
note system is proof positive that the tariff of 1846
does not supply the demands of Government, and
that a heavy public debt is fast accumulating, and
will soon be oppressively felt by the people.
Mr. Chairman, I regret exceedingly to have
witnessed the assaults that have been made in this
debate on the conduct of General Taylor. If gen-
tlemen expect to make political capital in that way,
they have reckoned without their host: they will
find themselves greatly mistaken. The man who
makes assaults upon the military character of Gen-
eral Taylor in this Mexican war will find he has
been biting upon a file. He is " Rough and Ready"
for his enemies either in the United States or in
Mexico. General Taylor's well-fought battles
and brilliant victories on the Rio Grande and at
Monterey, justly distinguish him as one of the
most skilful commanders and accomplished gen-
erals in this wide-spread Republic. He, like Bo-
naparte, is a man of action rather than of words.
His despatches are brief and luminous; simple,
plain, and to the point. He was no man for long,
loud speeches, filled with a whirlwind of words
and empty sounds. All assaults upon his char-
acter and his conduct in prosecuting the Mexican
war will recoil, roll back, and roll over those who
may attempt it. It is deplorable and painful to
hear attempts made to detract from and cry down
men who have rendered such conspicuous services
to our common country. When I witness such a
return for such patriotic, services, I am constrained
to say we have fallen upon evil times.
I fear, sir, there is in this House a greater love
than love of country. Party too often gains the
ascendency over patriotism, and warps and twists i
the feelings and judgments of men. I feel desi-
rous to sustain the army and every man in it who
renders good service to his country. I am willing
and ready to furnish supplies of men and money
and bounty to prosecute the war, under the sin-
cere hope that it may the sooner terminate in a
speedy, honorable, and permanent peace.
THE TOBACCO TRADE.
SPEECH OF MR. J. G. CHAPMAN",
OF MARYLAND,
In the House op Representatives,
February 27, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the Bill to increase the
Revenue derivable from duties upon imports;
also for the sales of the public lands, to aid in
the prosecution of the war with Mexico, and the
amendments of Mr. Chapman, of Maryland,
thereto—[See Congressional Globe, p. 538]—
Mr, CHAPMAN addressed the House-and
committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The value of the time of the
House, at this period of the session, requires that
I should present my views in as condensed a form
as possible. I shall, therefore, give but the out-
line of the argument to the House, reserving the
usual privilege, and in accordance with the prac-
tice pursued here, of furnishing a fuller illustra-
tion.
The importance of the tobacco trade between
this country and Europe to the country which I
represent, will justify my claiming, for a short
time, the attention of the House, while 1 endeavor
to state the nature and extent of that trade, the re-
strictions imposed upon it by foreign Governments,
and the only means, in my judgment, by which
the grievances under which that interest labois can
be lessened or removed. In looking to the com-
mercial relations between this country and the
several Governments of Europe, from a period
before the revolutionary war, and the exchange of
productions between us, I find that the article of
tobacco has been always among the most promi-
nent and important articles of commerce, and for
a long time the chief article of export from this
country to Europe.
The object which I have in view is, to show that
the culture of tobacco, and the commerce which
arises from it, is among the most important in-
terests of the country; that this interest has never
received any aid or protection from the Govern-
ment; and that, as an important article of com-
merce between this country and the different coun-
tries of Europe, it is subjected to inordinate and
excessive duties, such as have never bpen levied or
imposed upon any other article of commerce.
I intend, sir, to review, as rapidly as I can, and
I hope not to fatigue the House in doing so, the
restrictions and regulations of the most prominent
of the Governments of Europe, imposed upon and
governing this production; and I shall advert to
the measures which our Government has hereto-
fore adopted upon the subject of the trade in this
article, and shall confine my remarks to the only
remedy, if there be any remedy, which this Gov-
ernment can adopt for the grievances under which
this important production labors.
1st. Before cotton was extensively introduced
in-the culture of the country, tobacco was the chief
and most important article of export. Itser\ed
as a medium of remittance and exchange between
this country and Europe, and was the chief cur-
rency with which we purchased foreign produc-
tions, either as necessaries or articles of luxury.
For the last twenty-five years, the exports of
tobacco have not increased m value m the ratio of
its production; but, notwithstanding the rapid and
immense increase in other articles, it is still, next
to cotton, the greatest in value of any of the pro-
ductions of the country.
There is no correct statistical information of the
amount of tobacco grown in the country before 1840,
but it is computed, upon satisfactory data, that (he
five principal tobacco-growing States—Virginia,
Kentucky,Tennessee, Maryland, and North Caro-
lina—from 1820 to 1840, produced about 1J7,000
