428
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 27,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tobacco Trade—Mr. John G. Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
the system or in the habit of giving equal advantages to
those who extinguish our commerce and navigation by du-
ties and prohibitions, as to tho-e who treat both with lib-
erality and justice, liberality and justice will be converted
by all into duties and prohibitions. It is not the moderation
and justice of others that we are to trust for fair and equal
access to market with our productions, or for our share in
the transportation of them, but our means of independence,
and the firm will to use them."
In 1790, an act was passed imposing discrimi-
nating tonnage duties on foreign vessels. In 1802,
proposals were made by Great Britain for a repeal
of discriminating duties, and at the next session,
January, 1803, a resolution was reported autho-
rizing the repeal to "take effect in favor of any
' foreign nation, whenever the President shall be
* satisfied that the discriminating or countervailing
' duties of such foreign nation, so far as they
' operate to the disadvantage of the United States,
' have been abolished."
Discriminating duties were imposed, by the act
of July 1,1812, upon all goods imported in foreign
vessels, and also upon tonnage; and in 1815 an act
was passed repealing so much of preceding acts as
imposed discriminating duties upon the tonnage of
foreign vessels or their cargoes, to take effect in
favor of any foreign nation, "whenever the Presi-
' dent shall be satisfied that the discriminating or
' countervailing duties of such foreign nation, so
' far as they operate to the disadvantage of the
* United States, have been abolished." Thus it
will be seen that the commercial system of the
United States depends upon legislation, and there
are authorities in the acts of the Government, and
the opinions of her most distinguished statesmen,
in favor of countervailing duties being resorted to
to protect our commerce against the exorbitant
exactions of foreign Governments. The act of
1815 is a case directly in point.
And now, let me ask, is it not the only remedy?
The Constitution fests in "the Congress the pow-
er to levy and collect taxes, duties, and imposts,"
and "to regulate commerce with foreign nations."
Hence it is manifest that existing duties upon
foreign importations cannot be the subject of nego-
tiation without the action of Congress, and no ar-
rangement for reciprocal duties can be entered into
by negotiation with a foreign Power, unless the
stipulations of the treaty are based upon an act of
Congress. All duties and commercial regulations
depend upon acts of Congress, and can be repealed
only by the authority which enacted them.
This power does not depend upon implication,
but is one of the express grants; it is the principal
power relinquished by the States to the General
Government, and it is well known that some of
the States, among which was Maryland, refused to
part with the power over imposts and tonnage
until the question of the public domain was also
settled.
The treaty-making- power has no control over
this subject independent of legislative provision, [i
Whatever concerns our foreign "relations belongs to "
the treaty-making power, and is to be regukted h
by it, if not inconsistent with the Constitution, and [■'
is to be regulated in the manner required and pre- J
scribed by the Constitution. The imposition of [i
duties upon imports, or arrangements for recipro- jj
cal duties or equivalent commercial advantages, j;
are not subject to the treaty-making power, be- ll
cause they come within the range of powers i'
granted to another branch of the Government. j:
They are excluded from the control and action of |j
the treaty-making power, and being the greatest'
powers vested in the Government, and delegated to -
the three branches, the Representatives, the Sen- j
ate, and the President, whose combined action are '■
necessary in passing all laws. Hence, sir, a treaty 11
cannot do that which the Constitution requires i
snould be done by law; and a treaty requinn°' a i
diminution of duties by this Government on any
foreign production as an equivalent for a repeal or i|
modification of these lestrictions upon the staples '
of this country, would be void, as not comin°-
within the range of the treaty-making power: and
we have abundant evidence in our negotiations
that there will be no repeal of those duties upon
our tobacco without making concessions on our
part. No treaty will be made by England, Prance,
or Austria, or by Prussia, and the other States of
German Customs Union, by which the duties and
restnctions upon this staple will be lessened or re- j:
laxed, unless this Government will grant some li
concession upon the duties, however so low, which
we levy upon their productions. We are now
under no treaty obligations which prohibit our im-
posing countervailing or discriminating duties; and
if the tariff policy of the world is to be changed,
it is important to us, both for the protection, to our
fabrics and agricultural and mineral productions,
that, in the adjustment of a new commercial sys-
tem, we should have a high tariff to start with,
that we may have something to give up as an
equivalent for concessions which we may ask them
to make. If a general commercial arrangement
was now about to be entered into with all nations,
and our tariff not more than 30 per cent., would
other nations diminish their duties upon our pro-
ductions without an abatement of ours upon their
productions? Upon cotton and rice their duties
have been diminished or repealed as their interests
prompted them; and so, upon other commodities
exported from this country, they have been influ-
enced by their interest or cupidity.
I wish not by anything that I have said to be
understood as meaning to limit the treaty-making
power, or to confine its operations more narrowly
than is limited by the grants in the Constitution.
I desire not to be misunderstood; I mean to insist,
that duties on imports, and the revenues of this
Government, cannot be the subject of treaty ar-
rangement. They belong to the legislature; and
that a treaty with a foreign Power, in which the
duties imposed by this Government on foreign
fabrics and productions are diminished, would be
inconsistent with the Constitution, and void. And
that the treaty-making power can form no treaty
by which the revenues are to be lessened or affect-
ed. If negotiation can effect any benefit within
the limits prescribed to it, I would hope that it
may proceed and succeed. But no small abate-
ment of duty on tobacco in England, or the Ger-
man Customs Union, such as has heretofore been
offered of 20 per cent., and no modification of the j
monopoly by France and Spain, will avail us any- -
thing. They must be reduced to something like
reciprocity,and this article of commerce be received
upon terms approaching to equality.
Our Minisier to England, I am informed, has
been instructed to urge a repeal of their duties in
part, and there negotiation may effect something;
for surely, when the British ministry have talked
so much about free trade as the commercial policy
of the world, they will ask no concessions from us
for a diminution of their duties on our tobacco.
This will test their sincerity about free trade. I
greatly fear that they mean it to include only such
ai tides as are necessary for their consumption and
to feed their famishing millions. I hope they will
treat with us and reduce their duties on this article,
and if they do not, I hope this Government will
compel them by a countervailing policy. I know
it is urged that the Governments of Europe will
not part with or lessen their duties on foieign to-
bacco, because it would materially affect their reve-
nue, or be injurious to their own agricultural inter-
ests. I do not intend to controvert this opinion at
length, but, to show that it is unfounded, I call
attention to the views of Mr. Wheaton, expressed
in his despatch, dated October 27, 1842, at Berlin.
He says—
"It is hardly denied bvthe Prussian Government, that the S
duties impo=od on foieien raw tobacco on its importation
into the Stat*** of the association, might be considerably re-
duced without injury to the revenue or the agricultural in-
terests of the country. Rut as these duties form the princi-
pal object of our complaint, it demands from us a compen-
sation for such reduction, in the shape of equivalent reduc-
tion= of the duties levied on the importation of German
commodities into the United States."
Here is evidence in support of the opinion which
I have before expiessed, that the governments of
Europe require a corresponding reduction in our
low duties on the importation of their commodities,
as equivalents for any reduction of their high, ex-
cessive, and enormous duties levied on our tobacco.
Apart from the impracticability of effecting any
arrangement for the diminution of their duties
by negotiation, which would at all benefit the to-
bacco growers of the United States, by reason of
these exactions, that corresponding reductions
should be made in our tariff of duties, which puts
it beyond the constitutional sphere of the treaty-
making power, I desire to ask, are those de-
mands consistent with justice, and will we submit
to them? If our duties upon their productions
were as high as their duties upon this staple, they
might ask for a corresponding reduction of our
duties as equivalents for similar and equal reduc-
tions which they might make in their duties on
our tobacco. They have held this language to us
long enough. It is time that we should put a stop
to it. At the time of Mr. Wheaton's despatch,
the duty levied by our Government on German
commodities and the productions of the associated
States, which were imported into this country, did
not exceed twenty per centum ad valorem; where-
as the duties levied upon our tobacco by the several
Germanic States exceeded one hundred per cent,
besides the transit duties exacted in its transporta-
tion from the ports of entry to the interior prov-
inces, and to Austria and Hungary. The same
duties now exist, and the same unequal exchange
of productions between this country and the asso-
ciated States of the Customs Union. I would bear
it no longer. Let our duties be raised, higher and
higher, until they amount to prohibition, and be
dependent upon the continuance of their high du-
ties; and when they find our ports closed to their
productions, or their commodities burdened with
similar duties, their interests will teach them to
diminish their tobacco restrictions.
My views are also sustained by the opinions of
the tobacco agent who was sent out during the last
Administration. Mr. Harris, in his despatch to
our minister, dated Paris, February 3d, 1844, says:
" It is more than doubtful, in my judgment, whether it is
possible, either by diplomatic negotiation or by the mainte-
nance of commercial agcncies, to break down the tobacco
monopolies in those governments wheie for years they have
exited."
Now, sir, the interest and honor of our country
demand that it should resort to some other meas-
ure than that which has failed since the adoption
of the Constitution. Would the States bear this
oppression, and submit to those exactions if they
had not surrendered to the Federal Government
all power over duties and imposts? No. The
tobacco-growing States would unite and make
common cause, and teach those Governments that
such injustice would not be borne. Let the repre-
sentatives from the tobacco-growing States unite
and insist upon a fair protection to this staple, by
the only means in the power of this Government
to afford it, and our grievances will be redressed.
The tobacco exported during the year 1845 I have
heretofore shown to be 147,168 hogsheads,
valued at $7,469,819
It is taxed, according to the rate im-
posed upon the exports of 1838, at 59,851,984
And must sell in Europe, exclusive of
freights, commissions, insurance,
&c.; for  67.327,803
So that the planter receives for making the article
about one-tenth, and the Governments of Europe
about nine-tenths of its value. This system has
been too long submitted to, and I can never give
my assent to any system affording protection to
any other interest, or to any diminished rate of
duties from the highest standard that can be ob-
tained, unless this production is also to be, benefited
by the change. I would make our duties counter-
vailing and discriminating, and dependent upon
the continuance of their duties upon this American
staple. The exchange of productions should be
upon the basis of reciprocity.
Sir, no benefit may result to this great interest
of the country at this time from the action which
I seek to have instituted upon this subject. For
fifteen years has the subject of benefiting the to-
bacco interest been before the Government. It has
enlisted commanding talents and faithful service.
Negotiation has been employed between this Gov-
ernment and the flifferent Governments of Europe
upon the subject. Charges, ministers, resident and
plenipotentiary, and special agents, have been em-
ployed and accredited to all the Governments with
whom we desired to treat on this subject. Yet
nothing has been accomplished. The restrictions,
regies, and monoplies, remain unrepealed, unmod-
ified, still in force; and the staple, heretofore so
important in the fureign exchanges of the country,
and making up so large an item in its commerce,
has been reduced lower and lower in price, until
the planter, in despair, must abandon its culture,
and live upon the recollection of that independence
