430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 27,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Relief for Ireland—Mr. Fairfield.
Senate.
our republic, though it may have been unnecessa-
rily brought about by those in power, still 1 stand
by my country in the hour of conflict, hoping that
she will come out of it with honor.
If, in waging* this war, it has become necessary
to push our arms into the heart of Mexico, the
people of my own State, without distinction of
party, have exhibited their patriotism and belief
in its justice, by sending the flower of their popu-
lation to share the dangers of the campaign, and
to uphold the banner of our country. Surrounded
as she is by various Indian tribes, some of whom,
of late, had manifested a very restless disposition,
and great apprehensions were entertained of a war
upon our own frontier, still, when the call was
made upon her she promptly responded by send-
ing forth a full regiment of mounted gunmen—as
noble and gallant a band as ever drew the sword
or bore arms in defence of their country. If they
had believed, sir, that it was an unjust and unholy
crusade in which they were to engage against a
neighbor republic, for political ends only, they
could not have had the heart to engage in it; their
sense of moral right and justice would have cooled
at once their burning ardor, and checked their
longing after military fame in the service of their
country.
i do not claim to represent the Whig party of
the United States; and if my sentiments in regard
to the war and its prosecution are not agreeable to
some of my Whig friends, though I shall regret it,
yet I claim the right of casting my votes accord-
ing to my own convictions of duty, without sub-
jecting myself to becensured, directly or indirectly,
by the Whig organ here. Witl^what little mind
I possess, and with such advantages of informa-
tion on these subjects as I have enjoyed, I shall
endeavor to do my public duty, regardless of the
dictation of newspapers. Intending these remarks
in no spirit ofunkindness to the editors of the In-
telligencer, for whom I entertain the highest regard,
both personally and politically, but as the only
mode left me of placing myself right before a por-
tion of my constituents, I hope they may betaken
down as I have delivered them.
I have said, sir, that I represent a constituency
who are in favor of the war. They might have
been, and I do not doubt they were, opposed to
entering into this controversy with a neighboring
republic, so long as there was any hope of adjust-
ing the matters in dispute between the two Gov-
ernments without a resort to arms; but, sir, being
in the quarrel, and believing it to be just, they see
no medium ground to stand upon, and they desne
to have it prosecuted by the most vigorous and
efficient measures. They do not wish to limit the
President in its conduct, save where his power
may prove dangerous. On this point the Whigs
of Arkansas agree with the Democrats. Though
I was opposed to the annexation of Texas, sir,
yet, when the question was finally settled, and her
annexation as one of the States of the Union was
consummated under the act of Congress, and I saw
the attempt of Mexico to make war upon her, and
to drive back our army from the Rio Grande, what
little influence I had was at once exerted to raise
men to send to their succor and relief.
Mr. Chairman, in regard to the bill and the
amendments now pending before the committcc,
if I understand the matter aright, the bill, as it
came from the Senate, simply provides for the
appointment of two additional major generals and
three brigadier generals; and this, with the new
forces we are about to send into the field, may be
all right and necessary. I have no objection to it,
and voted against laying the bill on the table, upon
the vote not long since taken, that it might come
before the committee, and be perfected, if necessa-
ry, in nil its details. But, sir, the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] has reported"an amendment
to the bill, from the military committee of this
House, authorizing the President of the United
States to designate and appoint any general officer
of the rank of major general, whether of the line
or by brevet, and whether of the regular army or
of volunteers, without regard to date of commis-
sion, to the chief command of the military force of
the United States during the continuance of the
war with Mexico; or, m other words, to authorize
the appointment of a lieutenant general, to super-
sede the present gallant old commander now at the
head of our army. Sir, I am opposed to the crea-
tion of this office. I believe it entirely unnecessa-
ry. My people do not desire me to do anything
to tarnish, in the smallest degree, the bright fame
of General Taylor. There exists but one senti-
ment in my country in regard to that brave and
distinguished general, and they desire that he, in
preference to General Scott, or any other general,
should have command of the army in Mexico.
Much less would they desire to see a mere politi-
cian sent out to supersede these brave and merito-
rious officers. Sir, there should be in the army the
utmost practicable degree of unanimity; and lean-
not believe with the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Sims,] who preceded me, that this ob-
ject can be attained under the amendment now
proposed. That gentleman intimates, however,
that the President, under the sixty-second article
of war, has already the power which is sought to
be conferred upon him by this amendment. If this
is true, sir, there is no use in our legislating about it.
But I trust, sir, that this House will never give its
sanction to the measure, believing, as I fto, that it
will result in inevitable confusion and discontent,
if not rebellion, in the army.
■ Sir, I have voted cheerfully for all the men and
! money asked for to carry on this war, without
looking back to the question of its origin, or criti-
cising the manner of carrying it on. Recent intel-
| ligence informs us of the fact that a considerable
! detachment of our men had been taken prisoners
by the Mexicans. Some of them are from my own
State, and among the rest the major of the Arkan-
sas regiment, and great apprehensions are enter-
tained for their personal safety. Can any man here
hesitate to vote all needful supplies when these
things are passing before us? For myself, sir, I
never will, Whig or Democrat. I go for prosecu-
ting this war with the utmost vigor. The appoint-
ment of a lieutenant general will not aid in accom-
plishing such an end. Mr. Chairman, my desire
is for peace, speedy and permanent, and that our
country may be brought out of this conflict with
honor. But I believe, sir, that a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war now is the only way ever to obtain
a permanent and lasting peace with such a people as
the Mexicans. I have heard a great deal, sir, of
the character of these people, from persons who
have had constant intercourse with them in times
past; and all agree m one opinion, and that is, that
the only way to obtain a speedy and permanent
peace is to make the impress deep and lasting upon
the heart of that republic that we have not only the
ivill to avenge the wrongs she has inflicted upon
our citizens, but also the power to carry that will
into effect. We must send men enough into the
country to besiege and capture their forts, sack
their cities, burn their dwellings, and lay waste
their possessions* and make them feel that we have
the power effectually to injure them. I do not
desire to spread desolation among innocent people,
and I am aware that there exists among them
nothing like a stable Government; but still they
must be made to comprehend that war with the
United States is no child's play. After we have
spent millions in prosecuting the war; after so
many precious lives of our bravest men have been
sacrificed; while the tears of their widows are fall-
ing, and the cries of their children are yet sound-
ing in our ears, it is no time to talk about receding.
We have gone too far already, unless we go fur-
ther. It is too late now to talk about withdrawing
our forces, we must go on, and put her fairly
down. This, m my opinion, is the only way to
obtain an honorable and a lasting peace with her.
As to the mode in which the war has been con-
ducted, I probably know something more of the
feelings of the South and the Weston that subject
than those who have not so recently crossed the
mountains. I have heard a great deal about Gen-
eral Taylor's letter, and much censure cast upon
its author, as well as those who caused its publi-
cation; but I can assure gentlemen that all the
clamorthey may get up here against the old veteran
will only attract more attention to his merits, and
add new fuel to the flame already burning at the
bare idea of his being superseded in his command,
or being subjected to the dictation of a political gen-
eral , fresh from the Halls of Congress. Sir, the
eyes of the people in that quarter of the Union are
all fixed upo n the old soldier who has led our armies
to victory; and they have far more confidence in
him than m the President of the United States.
They consider this as an imbecile Administration,
tottering to its downfall—v€ry soon to have, even in
this House, not more than a corporal's guard in its
favor, and destined to go out of power with even
less honor than the unhonored Administration of
John Tyler.
Sir, the South and the West have full confidence
in the skill and ability of both of our commanding
generals, Scott and Taylor; but most m Taylor,
because he has been more intimately associated and
identified with a large portion of them and their
interests, not only as the conqueror of the southern
Indians on the Withlacoochie, in Florida, but as
their commander and leader on the immortal fields
of Palo Alto, Resaca de la Palma, and at Monterey;
and any attempt on the part of the Administration
or its friends, to tarnish the glory which surrounds
his name, will meet with the indignant scorn of all
honorable men.
The citizens of Arkansas, so far as I know;
would prefer—[Here the Speaker's hammer fell,
and Mr. Newton took his seat.]
RELIEF FOR IRELAND.
REMARKS OF"MR. FAIRFIELD,
OF MAINE,
In the Senate op the United States,
Februa'ry 27, 1847.
On the Bill for the Relief of the People of Ireland.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said it was assuming no en-
viable attitude to appear unfriendly to a measure
designed for the relief of those who were suffering
for the want of bread, liable as such a course was
to misconstruction. Yet he could not refrain from
taking that position in reference to this bill, let the
consequences be what they might. He felt im-
pelled to it by his regard for principle, by his re-
gard for the oath administered to him when he
took his seat in that body. In his sympathies for
the poor Irish, and willingness to aid them by
contributing from his own slender means, he trust-
ed he was not far behind other members of the
Senate; but he could not permit his generous im-
pulses to blind his judgment and lead him to dis-
regard his solemn obligations to support the Con-
stitution. It was an easy matter to be generous,
and to give bountifully from money or means not
our own. The world would be full of charitable
people if they could satisfy claims upon their
bounty by putting their hands into the pockets of
another. That was a very cheap sort of benevo-
lence, and would constitute, he thought, a very
small item in the groat moral account. The money
in the treasury was not ours—it belonged to the
people, whose servants and agents we were. Wb
had no more right to appropriate it to purposes
not contemplated by the Constitution, than we had,
as private individuals, to lay our hands upon the
property of our neighbors. It was raised by indi-
rect taxation of the people to defray the expenses
of Government, and to carry on a war with a for-
eign Power—and where did we get the right to
appropriate it to any other purpose? The people
weie then own best almoners, and would not, in
his opinion, thank or justify us for assuming that
relation to them. Wherever we turned our eyes
we beheld the people—the whole people—men,
women, and children contributing with a lavish
hand to relieve their suffering brethren across the
ocean. The amount of those contributions would
be very large, far beyond, he thought, what many
were anticipating. But large or small, it was what
the people chose to give. Of the extent of their
means and of their moral obligations in this re-
spect, they were the only proper judges. We had
no right to judge for them, and still less to violate
our trust by applying money placed m our hands
for one purpose, to another and totally different
purpose. The sufferings of the Insli had been pre-
sented to us in all the vividness which feeling and
eloquence can so well portray. Our sympathies
were deeply excited, and all felt a laudable impulse
to do what we could to extend relief. But all the
considerations that had been urged addressed them-
selves to us personally—to us as men and individ- *
uals, and not as Senators. It was a little remarkable
that while all admit that this Government is one of
delegated powers—Congress having the power id
do that, and that only, which the Constitution au-
