m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Pearce.
Senate.
the river, now believed to be the Colorado of
His object still was to discover the Mississippi,
and found his colony there. After various at-
tempts and failures, and losing his last ship, La
Salle determined to return to France by the way
of Canada; and leaving his settlement on the Gua-
dalupe, he set out in 1687 in this last expedi-
tion, and was murdered on the route by his own
men. Four only of his party reached the Mis-
sissippi, and made their way to Q,uebec. In the
course of another year, the settlement was en-
entirely destroyed by famine, by Indian hostilities,
or.by a Spanish force. In the fact of its destruc-
tion all the historians agree; but they differ as to
the agency of the Spaniards in the deed. Martin
says that the Viceroy of Mexico,, in pursuance of!
standing instructions from the King of Spain, ;
(Philip II,) which enjoined the extermination of 1
all foreigners who might penetrate the Gulf of
Mexico, and, having heard of La Salle's settle-
ment, formed an expedition at Coahuila, to scour
the country, and hunt out the French colonists;
that Alonzo de Leon, who commanded this expe-
dition, found the site of the French colony, but no
traces of the colonists.* The Count de Vergennes,
in his Memoir of Louisiana, says " that the
' Spaniards made prisoners of all the French, load-
1 ed. them with irons, and drove them to the mines
' of Mexico, in whose subterranean abysses they
'perished." The fact is indisputable, that the
Spaniards sought the destruction of this settlement !
as an encroachment on the territories claimed by !
them; that it was destroyed m about two years j
after its accidental establishment; and that never [
afterwards was it restored by France. Indeed, it j
was not until thirty-five years afterwards, that any j
attempt was made by the French to re-settle St. J
Bernard's Bay; and that attempt, as will be seen, :
was scarcely worthy of the name. On the other j
hand, Alonzo de Leon traversed the country with j
Spanish troops before the return of his expedition j
to Coahuila, giving to the Indians whom he met<
with the name of Texas, or friends, which after-!
wards became the name of the colony. In a few I
years after, says Martin, the Spaniards sent mis- I
sionaries into this part of the country, and after-
wards established military posts or presidios
among the Indians, which " were the beginning of
the Spanish settlements in the province of Texas."
For twelve years after the death of La Salle,
France attempted no further settlement in Louisi-
ana, and never, at any time afterwards, did she
exercise any authority or found any establishment
in any part of the country called Texas; while
Spain sent out her missionaries, built her forts,
settled her colonies, and exercised such authority
as was usual in remote countries so little known to
civilization. In 1699, the second French expedi-
tion, under Iberville, settled at the Bay of Biloxi.
In 1700, while Iberville was exploring the Missis-
sippi, the Spanish commandant of Pensacola ap-
peared before the fort at Biloxi, in a ship-of-war,
with the purpose of driving the French from their
settlement. This purpose was defeated by the su- '
perior force of the French. The Sptaish com- |
mandant contented himself with delivering to the 1
Count de Surgeres a solemn protest against the i
occupation by the French of territories which he i
claimed as belonging to the vice-royalty of Mex- j
ico. Subsequently the grant to Crozet was made, i
and the I1 rench pushed their settlements up the 1
Mississippi and the Red river, thus securing their !
title to the valley of the Mississippi. Long before !
this period, the Spaniards had settled on the banks !
of the Rio Bravo; and at the time of which I speak j
their most southern post on that river was the Pro- !
sidio del Norte. In 1714, the French sent St. i
Dennys overland to the Del Norte to open a trade
with Mexico. Their object, says Martin, was
also to check the progress of the Spaniards, who
were preparing to advance their settlements in
Texas to the neighborhood of Nachitoches. Fa-
ther Charlevoix tells us, that the motive of the
French settlements on Red river was the neigh-
borhood of the Spaniards; he says, " the Nachi-
toches are settled on the Red river, and we have
judged it convenient to build a fort among them,
to hinder the Spaniards from settling nearer us."
In his History of New France, Charlevoix says, j! . "Th«y *<<•■ ?t present engaged in seeking, to the wsn of
 , .  -\i • - i ,„u_„ r>„ !> the Mississippi, a place to make a settlement, winch may
scarcely was this fort finished, when Du Tisne ;j ^ring u;i nearer to .WoKico; and they think tliey have luund
~ it at a Hundred leagues from Ihe mouth of the river, in a hay
which bears the name, sometimes, of St. Magdalen, and
sometimes of St. Louis, butoftener that of St. Bernard. It
receives many rivers, some ot which are pretty large, and it
was there that La Salle landed when he mi-s^ed the mouth
of the Mississippi. Abriganhnehad lately been sent thither
to reconnoitre it, but they found there some savages who
"I ais.o hear that
ii-3 design by set-
tling there hofore us." "
was informed that the Spaniards had made an es-
tablishment among the Assinnais Indians, and
that there was every reason to believe that their
project was to push on to the Mississippi, if not
prevented, which obliged the Governor of Louisi-
ana to reinforce the garrison of Fort Natchitoches.*
In this first expedition of St. Dennys, he failed to ^5 disposed to receive as, &c. I «ko.h«r
. , " , , „ ■ y , . 'j tile toptvnards have verv lately prevented this design by
open the overland trade with Mexico; and m 1716, < ■  
another attempt was made. St. Dennys was in
this expedition also. About thirty miles from
Nachitoches he found the Spaniards had a mission,
to which three soldiers were attached. At Nacog-
doches, their next stage, they found another Span-
ish mission; thirty miles further a third mission;
twenty-five milesfurther a Spanish presidio or fort,
garrisoned by a captain, lieutenant, and twenty-
five soldiers; thirty miles further another mission
with a few soldiers; and, finally, after crossing the
Rio Colorado the French party were attacked by
sixty Spaniards on horseback. At the Presidio
del Norte, St. Dennys was arrested. This was
owing, says Martin, to a letter addressed to the
Viceroy of Mexico by Don Martin de Alacorne,
then the Spanish Governor of Texas, who was dissa-
tisfied that St. Dennys should have passed through
his government without seeing him. So early,
therefore, as this period, Texas was a province of
Mexico, with a Spanish governor, several missions, I
a military post, and such a population as that sixty I
Spanish horsemen were imbodied at one time near
the Colorado. If the late Chief Justice of Louisi- ;
ana wrote unto history and not palpable fiction, |
Spain must at this time have had an actual occu-\
■pancy of Texas, and France not even a construc- jj against their usurpations; that they opened their
tivc possession.t This same Governor. Alacorne, |i eyes too late to the ambition of the Spaniards,
in 1720, established other missions in Texas, and jj when sending La Harpe with a detachment to re-
built a fort on the Bay of Espiritu Santo, as he j- take possession of the Bay of St. Louis, they
called St. Bernard's Bay. On his return from this ' found the Spaniards already established there,
place, he was expected to establish a mission j Martin confirms this account, and tells us that
among the Caddoes on the Red River, whose set- | soon after the settlement of the families from the
tlement was near the present limits of the United , Canaries on the San Antonio, another body of
States. In this they were disappointed—La Harpe, I these islanders, amounting to five hundred, came
who had obtained a grant at this same place, hav- ' to Texas, and settled in the northwest, among the
ing, in 1719, taken possession of and settled it. j Assinnais Indians.! This was in 1719. From
Thus, says Martin, " the settlement of the French I about this period down to the cession of Louisiana
' in Louisiana acquired the utmost extension from || to Spain by the treaty of Versailles, the latter
'east to west they ever had, id est, from Fort |1 Power remained in undisturbed and indisputed
1 Toulouse, on the Alibamons, to a point on Red !j possession of all Texas, which was not in the oe-
< River beyond the present limits of the State." j! cupancy of the native Indians. The French coio-
While the French settlements were thus limited to : I nists even recognised a right in the crown of Spain
_ the Red River, the Spaniards were extending their to the province of Texas. I say this upon the
j establishments in Texas, and sustaining them by jj authority of Martin, who quotes from the archives
j considerable military force. In 1722, St. Dennys j; of Louisiana, to which he had access, and in
! learned that the Marquis de Gallo, the new Span- j! which, doubtless, the evidence is to be found. In
j ish Governor of Texas, had arrived in the north-1; the chapter in which he treats of the boundaries
| eastern part of that province with four hundred ! of Louisiana, at the time of its cession to the LTni-
j horsemen. In 1724, St. Dennys, who was still in "
; command at Nachitoches, informed the Governor
i of Louisiana that the Governor of Texas had
i lately received a reinforcement of five hundred sol-
; diers. To all this the French colonial authorities
submitted quietly, contented with the correspond-
' ence between La Harpe and Alacorne, Governor
I He adds:
1
i "The neighborhood of the Spaniards may have its u-<e,
| hut let us leave it to them to approach us as much as th«-y
i will; we are not in a condition, and we have no need to
! extend ourselves further."—Oharleuoix's Inciters, 343,
j 344.
j Thus, whatever the French claims and schemes
I might be, the Spaniards seem always to have been
j more active and energetic, and to have taken actual
i possession, while France was dreaming of extir-
pated colonies and abandoned rights. The Count
de Vergennes tells us that the Spaniards remem-
bered the Bay of St. Louis, (St. Bernard's,) and
the French post of that name; they repaired thither,
established themselves upon the ruins they haa
formerly made, and erected there the standard of
Spain; that they imported from the Canary Islands
many families, who went into the interior sixty
leagues from this post, and built the town of San
Fernando on the little river San Antonio; and he
declares that it would be one of the happiest Span-
ish Colonies if itVere not for the warlike savages
who surround it.* He adds, that the Louisiana
company were far from taking umbrage at the
movements of the Spaniards, and did not protest
ted States, is the following passage:
Ci On th<- bayou des Launer^, (Laurel orrok,) m- miles
«outlnve->t by south from the town of Natehitoclios, on the
Red river, and fifteen mile.s from tht Adayes, where the
road to Nacogdoches crosses the bayou, the French had
11 placed louden plates on a tree on each side of the road, with
j! an inscription expressing that the spot u-as the hoinvlar>i he-
'' tveen the French and Spamsk dominions^ without indicating
! of Texas in 1720, in which each had asserted the ii the continuation on.be line on either s-ide. Similar plates
1 claims of his own country to the Province of Texas
j —the only dilTerence being, that the Spaniards took
S actual possession of the country, and maintained
i it with their military power, while the French did
i not even attempt so to sustain their pretensions.
i From this general remark, I must except a feeble
j effort made by La Harpe in 1722, to revive the
t establishment of La Salle, on the Bay of St. Ber-
were also fixed at Yata^ee?, a village of the Nadoca lndi-
| ans, fifty leagues northwest ot Natehiloche^. The bounda-
j ry line from bayou des Laurieis to the ^ea was nevei run,
I each party claiming much more than the othei was willing
| to allow. The Spamauls claimed that ihe line wa< to he
i run due south, in which ca^e it would strike the sea nt-ar
the river Carcajou."— 2 Martin's Louisiana, 201.
< However this may be, the evidence is quite suf-
{ ficient, I think, to show that Spain not only c'aim-
nard.j This officer was sent with a small vessel H ^ . tXaS P,art,°^ dominions ot her^ crown,
j and tkiity men with orders to take possession of j
i the country on St. "Bernard's Bay, build a fort, i
; and remove by force, if necessary, any Spaniards i
whom he might find there. He accomplished none j
but that she had the actual occupancy of it long
prior to the treaty of Versailles; and that, though
the line of demarcation was never run, and the pre-
cise limits were never defined, the French colonial
i of these objects, and returned, after having exas- j| by adopting the points mentioned by
' perated the Indians by kidnapping some of their ii Martin, admitted the Spanish riirht to almost the
\ chiefs—the only exploit effected.§ ij whole of Texas. Even Barbe Marbois, the min-
- - • lgter of Aapoleon, who negotiated, on the part of
* M6moire eur la Louisiana, par M. dc Vergennes, 132;
Martin V History of Louisiana, 126, 1*27.
Charlevoix, writing of this on the 5th of April,
1722, says:
* See Martin's Hi«tory of Louisiana, 1 vol 191; Charle-
voix Letters to the Duchess of Lesdiguiei^s. translated from
the French and printed at London, 1763; Histoire et De-
scription G6n6rale de la Nouvelit France, t. 4, p. 186—
ParK 1744.
t Martin's History of Louisiana, vol. 1; 203, 2;i8, 219,
t Martin's Louisiana, 207,222, 244, '250.
. § 1 Martin's Louisiana, 238, m
I France, the treaty of cession to the United States,
■ says that the country claimed by France extended
! only to the Bay of St. Bernard!^
1 But in addition to all this historical evidence, is
, that of the geographers and map-makers. The
! * M^tnoire bur Louuiane. par M. de Vergennes, UU, J47,
! 148, 149.
, 11 Martin's Louisiana, 209.
* | Barbg Marbois's History of Louisiana, page 107.
