1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million -Bill—Mr. Pearce.
Senate.
Senator from Louisiana was mistaken in suppo-
sing that no map prior to 1800 couid be found,
- where New Prance was not designated as extend-
ing to the Rio Bravo del Norte. I have before me
a work published at Paris, in 1787, entitled "Atlas
Encyclopedique, par M. Bonne, Engenieur-Hydro-
graphe ae la Marine, et par M. Desmarest, de
l'Academie Royale des Sciences," &c., in which
there are two maps, showing not only that New
Mexico lay on both sides of the upper Bravo del
Norte, but that New Santander, now called Tam-
aulipas, extended considerably east of that river.
In a general chart by Lieutenant Roberts, of the
British navy, dated in 1784, which [ found in the
Library of Congress, among the collections of Mr.
Jefferson, New Leon is made to extend east of the j
Rio Grande, and in a map, dated in 1743, and
bound up in the first volume of Charlevoix's "His-
toire Generate de la Nouvelle France," published
in 1774, at Paris, while no limits are marked, it
is very manifest, frem the position of the word
Louisiana, that it was confined very closely to the
Mississippi and the Red rivers. Farther research
doubtless would have multiplied this sort of evi-
dence, particularly if Spanish maps could have
been obtained. While, therefore, 1 believe, with
the Senator from Missouri, that the country be-
tween the Red river and the Arkansas, which was
ceded by the treaty of 1819 to Spain, was right-
fully the territory of the United States prior to that
time, 1 must think that this treaty, which was
unanimously ratified by the Senate, did not divorce
Texas from the United States, but onlyyielded an
unfounded claim to it. We found this country in
the possession of Spain, when Louisiana was ceded
to us; and though we urged a diplomatic claim to
it, we left it in the undisturbed occupancy of the
Spanish authorities, and relinquished our preten-
sions when we obtained the transfer of Florida.
How, then, can the term ?"6-annexation be justly
employed, or what end can it serve but that of
popular delusion ?
1 come now, sir, to inquire what were the limits
of the Spanish province and modern republic of
Texas. On this point I shall quote only two
modern authorities. The first is a map of Texas,
by Stephen H. Austin, the great Texan colonist,
compiled by him in 1836, and published by Tan-
ner, a highly respectable map-maker of Philadel-
phia. In this map, the river Nueces is the west-
ern boundary of Texas, and the country between
that river and the Rio Grande is designated as a
part of the Mexican State of Tamaulipas.
My next authority is one entitled to great con-
sideration. Il is not Humboldt, sir, butonemuch
more familiar to the democracy of this country,
and for a long time, if not still, considered by them
as oracular—the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton.] In May, 1844, that Senator delivered
in this Chamber, a speech against the annexation
of Texas, by the treaty then just concluded by the
administration of Mr. Tyler. Among the promi-
nent objections to the treaty, which he urged, was
this: That it proposed to annex Texas, not as
properly limited and defined, but as claimed by an
act of the Texian Congress, to extend to the Rio
Grande, and reaching from the mouth of that river, ;
in the climate of eternal flowers, to its sources |
amidst eternal snows. Whether the treaty did :
propose this or not, is of no consequence in the '
view which I am taking; since my object is to j
show, by the authority of the Senator, that the ;
valley of the Rio Grande or Bravo did not belong j
to Texas, was the rightful territory of Mexico, j
and was occupied by the troops of the United j
States, under the order of the President, in viola- ,
tion of the territorial rights of Mexico. The Sen- j
ator said that the whole upper part of this valley j
" was settled by the Spaniards, and great part of
' it in 1594, just one hundred years before La Salle
'first saw Texas! All this upper part was then
' formed into provinces, on both sides of the river,
' and has remained under Spanish or Mexican au-
' thority ever since. These former provinces of
' the Mexican Viceroyalty, now departments of
' the Mexican republic, lying on both sides of the
' Rio Grande from its mouth to its source, we now
' propose to incorporate, so far as they lie on the
' left bank of the river, into our Union, by virtue
•of a re-annexation with Texas." The Senator
then described to us the four departments of Mexi-
co, lying on both sides of the Rio Grande, New
Mexico, Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas.
He asked if the term re-annexation would legiti-
mate this slicing off a portion of Mexican territory
two thousand miles long and some hundred broad—
this seizure of a neighbor's dominion with whom
we had treaties of peace, amity, and commerce—
"when no Texian force—witness the disastrous
expeditions to Santa Fe and Mier—have been seen
near it, without being taken or killed to the last
man." The Senator denounced it as an act of
crime and infamy, and said he washed his hands of
alt attempts thus to dismember the Mexican repub-
lic. He called it an act of unparalleled outrage, and
said it*was the duty of the Senate to avoid any
participation in its enormities, by a special disap-
probation. He therefore submitted to the Senate
the following resolution:
" Resolved. That the incorporation of the left b;mk of the
Rio Grande del Noite into t!i(! American Union, by virtue of
a treaty with Texas, comprehending, as the said iric'orpora-
tion would do, a part of tiie Mexican departments of New
Mexico, Chihuahua, Coahuila. and Tamaulipas, would be
an act of direct aggression on Mexico, for ail the consequen-
ces of which the United States would fctand responsible." i
He called our attention to the fact, that when, in i
1829, General Jackson sought to procure a cession !
to the United States of Mexican territory west of I
the Sabine river, " he meditated no such crime or 1
folly as that of adding the left bank of the Rio del
Norte, from its head to its mouth, to our Union." ;
He proposed to go no further west than to the des- i
ert prairies-east of the Nueces river. " He left the j
' whole valley of the Rio Grande—every inch of:
1 its soil, and every drop of its water, with all its I
' towns and villages, and all its flocks and fields to !
' its ancient possessor, who had held it for centu-
' ries."
Sir, in all this I heartily concurred with the Sen-
ator at the time, and I do not perceive that the facts
of history and the rights of the United States, Mex-
ico, or Texas, can be varied by the decree of a Bal-
timore Convention, the result of a Presidential
election, or the substitution for a treaty of a joint
resolution of annexation.
The opposition of the Senator from Missouri to
the treaty of 1844, contributed largely to its defeat.
He washed his hands of the deed of madness and
crime then, but washed them in it at the ensuing
session of Congress, when the annexation was ef-
fected by what I consider the unconstitutional form i
of a joint resolution—a treaty of incorporation ac- '
complished by legislative act. I remember that
when the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller]
offered, as an amendment to the resolutions of an-
nexation, one of the Senator's [Mr. Be\tto\t's]
resolutions, submitted by him at the previous ses-
sion, and expressed the hope that his own offspring
would meet with favor at his hands, he replied
that he would kill it stone dead—and so he did. ,
But there was this difference between the treaty ;
and the joint resolution by which Texas was an- i
nexed. The former was held by many to dispos- j
sess Mexico of, or, to use the language of the Sen- '
\ ator from Missouri, to disrupt and tear from her 1
i the valley of the Rio Grande, which she had held j
for centuries. The joint resolutions were intended j
to be so framed as to guard against this objection, j
They provided that the territory properly included \
within, and righfully belonging- to Texas, might be !
erected into a new State; arid the consent of Con-
gress to its admission into the Union was given oil 1
the condition that all questions of boundary that <
might arise with other Governments, should be
subiect to adjustment by the Government of the
United States.
i We know, sir, that this provision was intended
| to guard against any difficulty that might arise from
j the Texan claim to" the Rio Grande—a claim which
j they had never been able to enfoice, and which
j vras considered by the Senator from Missouri him-
| self as utterly unfounded. This proviso was in-
i tended to secure the control of that matter, not to
. the President of the United States, but to the whole
!i Government—to both branches of Congress, if the
war-making power should be invoked for its settle-
I j ment—to the President and the Senate, if the treaty
!j making power should be adequate to its adjust-
ment. No one dreamed, until the deed was done,
! that this Gordian knot was to be cut by the Ex-
ecutive sword—that the President, without the au-
thority and knowledge of Congress, while it was
in session, and might have been consulted for in-
struction and authority—would be guilty of the
" madness and crime" of seizing on any portion of
this "slice of Mexico," and would thus involve
the country in the " unparalleled outrage" of this
"aggression upon Mexico."
I "Whoever considers these facts, and the attendant
circumstances, must see that the war in Which we
are now engaged is a Presidential war, and a war
! of conquest.
The message of the President to Congress at the
present session, is a sort of appeal to the people
from that j udgment of his official conduct, which
its consequences were forcing upon the national
mind. To me it seems to be a series of disingen-
uous sophistries and superficial glosses. It gives
an exaggerated and highly-colored statement of all
our old causes of complaint against Mexico, from
the earliest period of her independence, as if these
things had the slightest connexion with the war
now waging; and, in disregard of the fact, that
thesegrievanceshad been settled-by treaties, which
it is notorious that Mexico was making the great-
est efforts to fulfil in good faith, down to the period
of the annexation treaty. Sir, it is difficult to con-
ceive for what purpose all this could be intended
1 but popular delusion. For the causes of this war,
i we must look to the annexation of Texas, and the
' proceedings of the Piesident subsequent to that
j event.
When, in 1844, Mr. Tyler was negotiating the
annexation treaty, he sent an army of observation
to our southwestern frontier, aud concentrated a
strong squadron in the Gulf of Mexico. What
said the Senator from Missouri to this ? Why, sir,
in the speech from which I have already quoted, he
said:
" What an army of observation but an armyin the field
for war? It to watrh the enemy, and can never be made
to watch a fricrul. Friends cannot be watched by armed
men individually, or nationally, without open enmity. Let
an armed man take a position before your door—show tmn-
If to vour family—watch your movements—remonstrate
with you. and leport upon you if he judge your movements
j equivocal—let inm do tins, and what i- it but an act of hos-
tility and outrage, which every teehnu of tlie heait, and
i every law of God and man require you to resent and repulse?
' This would be the case with a mere individual, still more
' with nations: and when squadrons and armies are llie
' watelieis and remonstrants.*'
Mexico, he said, must fee! herself outraged and
i attacked. All this was declared of an ^my of ob-
j servation, in position within our acknowledged
i limits. And what has Mr. Polk done? Very soon
I after entering upon the duties of the Chief Magis-
I tracy, he gave orders to that gallant and glorious
; old "soldier, General Taylor, to move the troops
: under his command into Texas, and to take up a
' position as near the Rio Grande as prudence would
: permit. He claimed that river as the boundary ,
line, notwithstanding it had been purposely left
open and unsettled by the terms of annexation-
told General Taylor that was his ultimate destina-
tion; and, in the mean time, desired that " his po-
sition for a part of his forces, at least, should be
irest of tlw Nucces." Such was the tenor of the
Secretary of War's despatches to General Taylor
of May 28, June 15, and July 30, 1S45. This, be
iyecollected, was before the passage of those laws
of which the President speaks in his message,
, creating a port of delivery at Corpus Christi, and
■ establishing certain post routes in Texas—the one
' being- passed on the 31st December, 1845, the other
1! on the 12th February, 1846. If, when these laws
■ t were pending in Congress, their operation on the
■ question of boundary had been consideied ever so
;j deliberately, (which was not the case,) this would
j-still afford no authority, express or implied, for
j! the seizure of the volley of the Rio Grande. And
;1 when they are relied oil to justify the orders to our
'i army, given months before, nothing but an exam-
;; matinn'of the dates is necessary to expose theshal-
, low and ridiculous pretence. Sir, the territory
i; rightfully included within, and properly belonging
! to"Texas, was only that over which she had ex-
tended the jurisdiction of the sword. Her limits
i ; were those within which her civil authority had
•been in fact extended, and where her military
power couid give efficacy to it. I believe that
1 Texas had, in fact, some establishments on the
! west bank of the Nueces. This, then, justified the
|! actSj,of Congress referred to, and authorized the
" position of the army oil the Nueces, as within the
jl actual limits of Texas. Beyond this the President
. had 110 right to move the army an inch, and when
li he did so he committed " an act of direct aggres-
