1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Three Million Bill.
Ho. of Reps.
row spirit of partisanship. But lately I saw one or
two earnest articles, recommending the very course I
have adopted, in the <Nho York Tribune—a press con-
ducted with more ability, and exercising more influence
than any other of the party in our State. It was there
recommended to the Whigs, in ease the proviso
should be lost, still to advocate the adoption of the
bill. It was a chance for peace—it was a plank
to drowning men.
Mr. Speaker, when the bill with the proviso
attached to it, which had passed this House, had
been rejected in the Senate, I was but strengthened
in the determination I had fixedly arrived at, that
on the solution of such contingencyvthatis, on the
rejection of such proviso by the Senate, I would
vote against the proviso on the leturn of the bill
to the House, and save the loan. And herein, Mr.
Speaker, I am subject to no charge of tergiversa-
tion; and though 1 am aware there will be a burst
of clamor against me for my course in the premi-
ses, I am prepared to meet my constituency, and
appeal from the temporary excitement of disap-
pointed faction or interested party, to the sober,
sound, and enduring sense of patriotism, which
distinguishes my State.
The impossibility of passing the bill through the ,
Senate, with the proviso attached, suspected be- ,
fore, was made certain by the decisive vote of that i
body on Monday last. It was then as certain, that i
if we still closed this measure—-a measure, as I
trust, the harbinger of peace—with a provision, so
ungrateful to that honorable body, its fate was
doomed. Without the means of negotiation, the
President would be compelled to carry on a tedious
war with Mexico, through the long vacation that
awaits us, even with her disposition to consider
the preliminaries of peace-
Mr. Speaker, when I saw on one side a some-
what obstinate demand for congressional endorse-
ment of a principle so deeply rooted among the
free States as to require no such expression—a de-
mand made by many of my political friends not in
good faith, not from sincere attachment to its char-
acter, but from an ill-concealed desire to entrap
associates even by the defeat of wholesome legis-
lation, and, on the other, an imminent necessity
for the passage of the bill without limitation, there-
by sacrificing no principle, and endangering none,
with the conviction that thus alone the bill could
pass, and this chance of peace be preserved,—how
was it possible I could hesitate ! Upon such con-
viction, was there an alternative to be chosen? I
performed my duty, Mr. Speaker, and in the same
category would pursue the same conduct'.
Mr. Speaker, on the subject of slavery, my opin-
ions are known to my district. They are now as
they ever were; they have been asserted, when-
ever occasion demanded their utterance. I hold
slavery a great moral, social, and political evil;
one that it becomes us, as sentient, reasoning be-
ings, as philosophers and as Christians, to alleviate
and abolish, whenever we can. But, under the
Constitution, I acknowledge no power for any
national interference with the institution. Con-
gress could not, if it were desirous, abolish slavery
in the States where it exists. An attempt of such
kind would but serve to promote ridicule; it could
not be seriously entertained. The institution of
slavery is hedged in by the Constitution from ex-
ternal aggression; as much so as State govern-
ments, or other public corporations. They all
depend upon the same instrument, and are equally
protected.
But where the Constitution leaves slavery, there
1 would leave it. By no assent of mine shall^ it
be invested with new powers, or gain greater in-
fluence, political or territorial; both, or either. As
a creature of the Constitution do I hold it; and if
ever an attempt be made to control the power that
recognised its organization, or protects its exist-
ence, it shall receive from me nothing but decided
and enduring opposition.
I regret very much, Mr. Speaker, that the dis-
cussion of this subject has elicited so much agita-
tion. 1 would that wo might reason as calmly and
as sensibly on this as on any other question of
morality or politics. Even truth, if it assume the
form of denunciation or menace, loses respect, and
provokes opposition; and who shall undertake to
limit the boundaries of truth, or give it a parti-
colored character?
Never, Mr. Speaker, since the world was nrst
summoned from chaos to the present moment, has
a principle perished: ourselves, mere adjuncts of
the moment, fade and disappear with the time to
which we are attached. Men, and the monuments
of men, rush to extinction; but a principle, once
brought into light, becomes immortal. Its triumph
may be retarded, and,,through whole series of
ages, it may be struggling against doubt, and error,
and wilful malice; but its destiny requires ultimate
and full establishment.
I therefore have no fears, Mr. Speaker, of the
future. The principle of liberty will work its own
accomplishment. Slavery—a mere institution of
human hands—will encounter the fate of its archi-
tect. In the course of time, chance or design,
the necessities of man, or the silent workings of
nature, will operate to the downfall of this tempo-
rary fabric. The institution of slavery has already,
in my opinion, culminated, and now descends to
its necessary extinction. Good sense, therefore,
dictates a quiescent policy in regard to it.
But, while I would leave it where the Constitu-
tion found it, I repeat, I would prevent its trans-
gression beyond those limits. Rather than pur-
sue a course that would seem a concession to its
further extension, I would now insist upon the
adoption of this Wilmot proviso, even at the peril
of this'bill. Perish the bill—perish all our san-
guine hopes of peace—rather than one jot or one
tittle of a principle should be endangered !
But, Mr. Speaker, I am no alarmist; I wish to
excite no precocious agitation in the country; and
I therefore would seek no factitious opportunity
for the unseasonable display of my sentiments
hereupon. When the time comes, if ever it does
come, that the slaveholding interest shall seek,
with the cognizance of this Government, to extend
its territorial power, I shall be found in determined
opposition. For the embarrassment of an impor-
tant measure, I am now unwilling to insist upon i
an amendment or an addition which has no neces-
sary connexion with its character. Hereafter,
there will be time enough, occasion enough, de-
sire, ability, and patriotism enough, to discuss
this agitating question in all its bearings and all
its dependencies. When that time comes, if I am
in public life, there will be found no hesitation, no
vacillation, in my course.
The reports in the public press, and the asser-
tions in this House, that the President may appro-
priate this money to the purchase of California or
other Mexican territory, and by such means indi-
rectly extend the institution of slavery, are scarce-
ly. I think, worthy of sober consideration. No
foreign territory can ever be acquired by this
country without the consent of Congress: no treaty
for such purpose can be ratified without two-thirds
of the Senate. How is that consent or that ratifi-
cation to be obtained, without the concurrence of
the free States ? It was northern and not southern
votes that annexed Texas: it may be southern
and not northern votes that will prevent the acqui- h
sition of more territory. ;j
The occasion, I thought, had come; and, think- ||
ing so, I- did riot hesitate. I had given notice, that j
if the proviso were rejected in the Senate, and this jj
bill should come back to us without such condition, ];
I should vote for it as amended by the Senate. i;
Among; the many considerations that weighed ;i
upon my mind and influenced my vote, there was
one which stood preeminently above the rest. It
was a belief—a sincere and, I think, well-founded
belief—that had not this same bill, or one like
in nature, been lost the last session of Congress,
we should now have been at peace with Mexico,
and have saved the lives of thousands of men and
the expenditure of millions of money. Reasoning
upon the same premises, I have confidence now
that the grant and disposition of this loan will
much hasten the consummation of peace. There
may be a doubt, however—a reasonable doubt—
of the efficacy of the measure; but the doubt is in
favor of peace: for on the other side there is noth-
ing but naked and drear certainty—a certainty of
war, and of protracted war.
I have ever defended the necessity of this war;
I I have ever maintained that Mexico, and not our-
1 selves, was to be blamed for its commencement;
i and I am of such opinion still. But we have been
I victorious, and can afford to be magnanimous; we
I have done enough for glory, and can yield some-
1 thin" for peace. I acknowledge my desire for
peace; the interests of the country require peace,
and humanity demands it. It is, therefore, with
the hope of consummating peace, that I vote foE
this peaceful measure. I voted for the Wilmot
proviso, for the assertion of a principle: the prin-
ciple was established by that vote, so far at least
as my opinion or conduct is concerned. In voting
against its second annexation to this bill, I have
changed no principle, but have embraced expe-
diency. I have merely voted to concur in the
amendment of the Senate, which requires the bill,
the whole bill, and nothing but the bill. The bill
is the principle, the proviso the incident. I am
unwilling to sacrifice a measure, a salutary neces-
sary measure, for an opinion, however abstractly-
sound.
My motives in so doing will be misrepresented
and my conduct denounced. My vote will be
ascribed to corrupt considerations. Those who,
in my place, would not have hesitated to ask pay-
ment in advance for their vote, will be the first,
and most eager to calumniate me. The vices to
which we are most inclined, we are most apt to
accuse others of. It is the law of our depraved
nature. And I cannot expect to escape the usual
penalty that a conscientious discharge of duty is
obliged to pay to malignancy and venality. 1 will
abide the issue.
I neither seek, nor want, office. I am no suppli-
cant for Executive favors. Neither the smile nor
the frown of power can influence my conduct. I
seek to discharge my duty to my constituents and
to my country. I may be mistaken in the means;
I am right in the motive. I should have been false
to my oath, false to those who have trusted me,
and to my country, if from fear of temporary
clamor, or of exaggerated zeal, of malignant or mis-
taken denunciation, I had suffered myself to be
diverted from the course that calm deliberation had
convinced me was right. I have done my duty,
and throw myself willingly upon my country for
its verdict.
DEBATE
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
March 3, 1847,
On the Three Million Bill, and on the Bill autho-
rizing the employment of Government vessels
to carry contributions to relieve the suffering
people of Ireland.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to take up the three million bill
from the Senate.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose and proposed that
the members who differed about the Wilmot pro-
viso should agree in a compromise.
Mr. BOYD objected. " We want no compro-
mises; we have had enough of them."
The CHAIR ruled this conversation out of
order.
The House having gone into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb in
the chair,) to take up the Senate bill appropriating
three millions of dollars to enable the President to
make a peacerwith Mexico—
Mr. WILMOT moved the following proviso:
Provided, That tlierc: shall be neither slavery nor invol-
untary servitude in anv territory on tine continent of America
which shall hereafter'be acquired by, or annexed to, the
United States bvvirtue of this appropriation, or m any other
manner whatever, except for crimes whereof the parly shall
have been daly convicted: Provided, always, That every per-
son escaping into such territory from whom labor or service
is lawfully claimed m any one of the United States, such
furtive may be lawfully claimed and conveyed out of said
territory to the power claiming his or her labor or service.
Mr. GRAHAM moved to amend the proviso as
follows:
" it' anv territory be acquired by the United States trom
M^vico/the Missouri compromise line ot 36 JU «aall be
extended direct to the Pacific Ocean, that is, Slav ei y shall be
prohibited north of that line and allowed south of it.-'
Mr. E WING, of Pennsylvania, said that he did
not rise for the purpose of making a speech, but
should ask leave only to say a few words. [Signs
of impatience, and remonstrances in some quar-
ters.] Mr. E. said all the House would bear him.
witness that he had not occupied their time, having
