1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Question of Privilege—Mr. Brockenbrough.
Ho. op Rbps.
veto, and that this would be yet a little more odious
than those by which the President had already
distinguished his Administration. There was, it
seemed, to be no pocket veto of this bill, but its ne-
cessity was to be superseded by acoMMiTTEE veto;
which was, at least, a new branch of the veto
power.
Mr. W. said, that having thus stated what were
the facts-in the case, he should leave the country
to draw its-own inference.
He should, therefore, say no more about that
first bill, because there was no responsibility in
regard to it lying on the House, (except that of
having referred it to the committee,) but the re-
sponsibility of its defeat rested wholly and exclu-
sively with the Committee of Ways and Means.
And now he wished to submit a word or two in
regard to the present bill. There seemed to pre-
vail among many gentlemen of the House a great
misapprehension in regard to it; it did not contain
any appropriation whatever. It was true there
had been a clause in the bill as at first reported,
which went to appropriate six thousand dollars in
order to fit up the Macedonian for the voyage; but
that clause had been stricken out: there was no
appropriation now of that sum or of any other in
the bill. If these public vessels should be used,
they were to be fitted out wholly at private ex-
pense. The same divine charity which prompted
the sending of thi$ relief was willing to provide
the means of its transportation to the sufferers.
He understood, in relation to the Macedonian,
that the Government had no immediate use for her,
and the Jamestown was now out of service. The
plan was to put these vessels under the command i
of two post captains in the service of the United !
States to convey the contributions of New York !
and Boston to the suffering population of Ireland. I
Mr. W. said he had himself been written to by i
many of the citizens of Boston especially, who !
felt great interest in the proposed measure; and he !
had had the honor of presenting a petition on the j
subject from men of the highest standing in that !
city, praying that the use of these or some other !
public vessels might be granted for this benevolent j
purpose. They were men who had nothing to [
gain personally by a compliance with their wishes, j
There was no such thing as party mixed up in the i
matter. They had headed the subscription paper
by putting down two thousand dollars apiece, and ,
others followed, sufficient to make up the sum of
one hundred thousand dollars in all. They pro- |
posed to man these vessels with crews hired out j
of their own pockets, so that the expedition would i
cost the Government not one dollar. The James- j;
town, it was calculated, would just about carry ij
the contributions of the city of Boston, which H
would be not less than eight thousand barrels of 'j
flour. They would wish the vessel commanded
by Captain R. B. Forbes, an experienced builder
and commander, who had built the steamer Mas-
sachusetts, a thorough navigator; but if this was
objected to, he was willing to serve as a private (
hand. It would certainly be an appropriate and j
beautiful coincidence that a ship called the James-
town, flamed after one of the earliest settlements
of the English on the shores of this New World,
and to which many a British vessel had carried
out stores in the day of its weakness and depend-
ance, should be employed in carrying eight thou-
sand barrels of American Hour to relieve the fam-
ishing people of old Ireland. If gentlemen were
willing to do nothing else for their relief, Mr. W.
hoped they w^uld at least consent to place these
vessels at the disposition of men engaged in so
noble an effort of public benevolcncc, and let the I
flag of our Government be seen floating over this I
holy errand of mercy. j
It had been objected by some gentlemen that it
would be improper to place a public ship of the j
United States under the command of a private in- !
dividual. But to meet this objection there was an ;
alternative in the bill: a Government officer might j
be appointed to command these vessels, or the entire I
crew might be furnished and paid by the Govern- |
ment. He was veryindifferentasto the details,pro- j
vided the great end in view could but be secured. ■
As the House seemed to have given up the other bill,
appropriating five hundred thousand dollars as an j
offering of charity on the part of the whole Union, >
he trusted they would not refuse this small act of ,
accommodation in sending the benefactions of a '
portion of our people. Would it not be well that
the labors of the session should be crowned by this
glorious work at once of public and private chari-
ty ? He should not ask for the use of these public
ships, but that such was the demand for trans-
portation that private vessels could not be procured
sufficient to cany the quantity collected. The
freight would cost from forty to sixty cents per
bushel.
If the economical feelings of the honorable chair-
man [Mr. McKay] were startled at the thought of
giving away so enormous a sum as half a million
of dollars to the starving population of Ireland, he
might, in this case, enjoy the satisfaction of think-
ing that the present scheme of charity would not
take a dollar from under his lock and key.
Mr. HILLIARD warmly advocated the bill.
He trusted the House would not hesitate in a case
like this; but would promptly grant to the Navy
Department the authority asked by this bill: that
the graceful assent of the Government might be
given to a noble act of private and individual mu-
nificence. There would be, as the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts had suggested, a beau-
tiful coincidence in the names of the vessels to be
employed and the nature of their honorable mis-
sion of mercy. While the Jamestown called up,
at once, associations of the most interesting kind,
bringing back our recollections to that early day
when the settlers on the shores of Virginia were
themselves straitened for the means of subsistence,
and looked to the arrival of a ship from England
as their only hope of relief, the name Macedonian
reminded us of that Macedonian cry, "Come over
and help us." He trusted no impediment would
be thrown in the way of such an enterprise. He
thought he sead in the countenances of gentlemen
on all sides of the House the assurance that there
would not. Let the gratifying spectacle be pre-
sented to the world, of the youngest among the
nations ministering to the distresses and necessities
of one of the oldest. There was a moral power
in such examples which could not be lost upon
mankind.
Mr. BRODHEAD here moved the previous
question; and, under its operation, the bill was
ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then said that he pre-
sumed, as a thing of course, that every gentleman
must be desirous to see a national donation made
by the people of the United States to the suffering
people of another hemisphere. But the idea of
placing a public vessel under the command of a
private citizen, he must say, shocked all his no- j
tions of propriety. He knew Captain DeKay
personally, and had the highest respect for him;
and the other individual who had been named he
believed he had seen; he knew that he bore a very
respectable character. It was not to the individu-
als selected that he made the least objection, nor
to the employment of the vessels themselves. But
while there were scores, ay, hundreds of our naval
officers walking about with nothing to do, he trust- i
ed that a private sea captain would not be intrusted
with the command of a Government ship.
It was said, to be sure, that there was an option
in the bill; but Mr. I. would not leave to the Serie-
tary of the Navy any option of the kind. What
right had he to put one of the vessels of the United
States navy under the control of a private citizen ?
Where was this Macedonian from? She was the
prize of Commodore Decatur—a vessel around
which crowded all sorts of glorious memories and
associations. And was she to be put under a cap-
tain belonging to the merchant service ? Why not
put a steamboat captain at once on her quarter-
deck > There was something shocking in the very
idea. Mr. I. said he was as anxious as any gen-
tleman could be to witness an act of national hom-
age to Ireland. We owed it to her people. He
had voted for all measures that looked toward that
end, and he should vote for this bill. He had no
desire to defeat its passage; but he thought it went
to defeat the nationality of the act to send out
a Government ship under a private captain, just as
if we had no public naval commander that we could
spare.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ikgersoll] had
convinced him that by adopting this clause of the
bill we had destroyed the nationality of the act, (
and he would therefore move to reconsider. j
Mr. WINTHBOP reminded the gentleman
from Mississippi that the bill presented an alter- .
native.
The question being on the reconsideration—
Mr. HOLMES made a warm appeal to the
House in behalf of the bill. Thel-e was Ireland,
starving; and here was America, ready to relieve
her. And yet gentlemen could waste time and en-
danger the passage of this little bill by disputing,
about the captain that, should be intrusted with
our aid ! He should hang his head for shame
should the magnanimous purpose of the men of
our northern cities be defeated by a petty cavil
like this. They had nobly offered, out of their
own means, to carry corn to feed the starving mil-
lions of Ireland. And all the speech he should
make was this: Let Ireland be relieved. He cared
not by what captain the ship was commanded.
Mr. STANTON said there appeared to be a
general disposition in the House to vote for the
bill. He heard no constitutional scruples started
in any quarter. In a few hours the session must
be at an end. Should any amendment be now
made, it was morally impossible that the bill could
come back from the Senate in time for its passage.
He had all confidence in the Secretary of the Navy
that he would do whatever should be most for the
honor of the country. He concurred in the views
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J.
iNSERsoiL,] but it was now too late to alter the
bill. He demanded the previous question: but
consented to withdraw it at the request of—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, who promised to re-
new the motion. He protested against confining
the charity of the House to two ships and two
cities. He knew that in Philadelphia there was
an overwhelming amount of charity and compas-
sion for suffering Ireland. The ship Pennsylvania
was lying at Norfolk and might be easily sent
round to Philadelphia, where she would readily
get a full cargo. Let some one of our gallant
commanders be placed in command of her and the
other vessels accompanying her, and let the act
be the act of the nation, and so recognised both
at home and abroad. He hoped the motion to re-
consider would prevail, and that a provision to
that effect would be-inserted in the bill.
The previous question was moved and carried,
and, under its operation, the bill was passed.
QUESTION OP PRIVILEGE.
REMARKS OF MR. BROCKENBROUGH,
OF FLORIDA,
In the House of Representatives,
February IS, 1847,
On offering to the House resolutions in relation to
some remarks made by Senator Westcott in
the Senate.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH rose to a question
of privilege, and sent to the Clerk the following
passage from the remarks of Mr. Westcott, of
Florida, made in the Senate of the United States,
February 11, 1847, which was read:
"I warn the democracy o! this country,the people of tfoiif
country, that they do not know one-twei^ieth part of the
con uptioii, the feculent, reeking corruption, m this respect,
m this Government for years past. I tell the people of this
country that the Government arid institutions of this coun-
try have been, and will be. used as a machine to plunder
them for ollice beggars, and to perpetuate the possession of
political power. I solemnly believe, if the people of the
Umted States knew the manner in winch their governmer.t
was conducted, if they could be all assembled at the city of
Washington, they would be excited to luck up a revolution
in twenty-four hours, which would tumble the Ptesident,
Heads of Departments, both Houses of Congress, Democrats
and Whig*, heels over head into the Potomac; and I beheve
they would aet right m so doing."
Mr. RATHBUN objected to the gentleman be-
ing allowed to proceed.
Mr. J R. INGERSOLL asked if the gentleman
from Florida did1 not intend to refer to remarks
made in the other branch of Congress, and was
not, therefore, put of order?
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Flori-
! da had not proceeded far enough to enable the
I Chair to decide whether he was or was not in
I order.
| Mr. BROCKENBROUGH then sent to the
| Clerk's tabic a series of resolutions, which were
read. [For these resolutions see Congressional
Globe, 2d Sess. 29th Cong., page 436,]
