414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March I,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Dickinson.
Senate.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. DICKINSON,
OF NEW YORK,
Iw mm? Senate op the United States,
March 1,1847,
On the bill appropriating Three Millions of Dollars
to facilitate negotiations for a pqace between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico.
- Mr. Upham, of Vermont, having^ proposed to
amend the bill by'adding thereto the "Wilmot
proviso"—
Mr. DICKINSON said: Mr. President, I have
been restrained from taking part in this widely-
extended debate, principally by reasons of a per-
sonal and domestic character; but the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Up-
ham,] and upon winch I am called to vote, induces
me to oft'er, briefly, the reasons for the course I
intend to pursue concerning it. I shall not extend
my remarks further than I deem necessary to pre-
sent this single question fully and fairly.
That we are engaged in a state of war—a con-
dition of things, under the most favorable circum-
stances, highly embarrassing and calamitous—is
conceded by all. How it originated, is matter of
history, well and truly presented by the President
in his annual message to Congress. How it can
be most successfully and vigorously prosecuted, so
long as its continuance is necessary—how its evils
can be best averted, and what measures are best
calculated to insure an early and honorable ter-
mination, are questions which recommend them-
selves to the profoundest consideration of the phi-
lanthropist and statesman.
The prosecution of this war lias been approved
by the popular judgment; and while peace is ear-
nestly desired, and would be hailed as a public
blessing, if justly and honorably obtained, there
is no disposition among the masses to yield to the
dictates of a spurious benevolence, or the terrors
of unmanly fear. The official history of this war,
from the day it was recognised by Congress, and
of the legislation concerning it, are both interest-
ing and profitable. Whoever will consult the con-
gressional records will learn that on the 11th day
of May last the President, in a special message
sent to both Houses of Congress, touching the
slate of our relations with Mexico, declared that
"as war exists, and, notwithstanding all our
' efforts to avoid it, exists by the act of Mexico
4 herself, we are called upon by every considera-
' tion of duty and patriotism to vindicate with
' decision the honor, the rights, and the interests
' of our country." On the following day, a law
was enacted by Congress, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the prosecution of the existing war be-
tween the United States and the republic of Mexi-
co," which act contains a preamble reciting that
" by the act of Mexico a stats of war exists between
that Government and the United Slates." Tills act
appropriated ten millions of dollars for the prose-
cution of the war. It placed at the disposal of the
Executive the naval and military forces of the
country, and authorized the employment of fifty
thousand volunteers. It became a law by the
strong vote of 174 to 14 in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and of 40 to 2 in the Senate.
This was the response of Congress to the patri-
otic impulses of the country before chances had
been calculated, or the warm gush of American
feeling had been chilled by the influences of mere ,
partisan strife. X need not here speak of the alac-
rity with which our sons rushed to the standard ;
of their country, nor of the imperishable laurels
they have won. Nor will I pause to commend the
valor of those brave spirits who led on our victo-
rious host, or to pay the sacred tribute of a tear to
the memory ot' those who fell in their country's
cause. All is written in the hearts of a generous
and grateful people, who will alike honor and re-
ward the living, and cherish through all time the
venerated memory of the dead. In every conflict
our arms have been most signally triumphant
against vastly superior force; under circumstances,
too, which have not only inspired the most lively
enthusiasm at home, but have wruug unwilling
admiration from the great rival powers of the
world. Nine months have scarcely elapsed and
wj have conquered more than one-half of the terri- ;
tory of her republic, including some of herstrongest
fortresses, and subjected to the rule of our arms
upwards of a million of her people. If there is
any one thing more strongly indicated by public
opinion than another, touching the question of this
war, it is, that, during its existence, it should' be
prosecuted with decided vigor; and that not only;
should our physical power present an unbroken
front, but that the moral energies of this mighty
people should he thrown as if by one voice into
the scale. However much the existence of war is
to be deplored, while the calamity is upon us, it
is demanded alike' by benevolence and patriotism
that it be pressed forward to an early termina-
tion. Whoever supposes thatourcountryiseither
unable or unwilling to prosecute it, is the victim of
a delusion, from which he will sooner or later find
himself relieved by evidence clear and unequivocal.
The spirit of our people is peace, but they will
take good care that it is not purchased by dishonor
nor invoked by a disgraceful retreat. Our country
is neither weak, timid,nor penurious; and although
she maintains no overgrown forces of men and
material in commission to eat out her substance
in a time of peace, she has abundant elements
to hold successful conflict with the greatest Powers
of the world; and1 in the present contest, with-
out arousing her energies, too, she can plant her
standard on the halls of the Montezumas with one
hand, and with the other, from the lap of her abun-
dance, feed and rescue from starvation the dying
and abject children of the proudest and haugh-
tiest Government of earth. If our offers of peace
continue to be spurned by this factious and super-
cilious people, there is but one course left, and
that is, to press forward and make them feel that
war is to them what it is to all civilized nations—
a scourge. Could this nation, imbecile and de-
mented as she is, see that we were united—that
we had drawn the sword and thrown away the
scabbard, and that she had no further hope from
our domestic divisions, she would in some lucid
interval consent to honorable negotiation; and
whatever Congress may do or say, she may as
well understand first as last, that this great ques-
tion will be controlled by the upheavings of the
popular will, and that her"petty and vagrant power
will be humbled, and her insolence rebuked and
silenccd. And whoever among us shall, under
; any pretence or for any purpose whatever, how-
j ever artfully contrived or specious its covering-,
j array himself against the popular judgment, he
| should prepare to take his seat upon that stool of
' repentance, hitherto reserved exclusively for those
: who resisted their country in the war of 1812.
; The object of our Government, from the begin-
ning, has been pacific, and her conduct conciha-
, tory. She has desired peace and justice, and not
! havoc and conquest. On the 27th of July last, j
1 while the echoing sound of our victorious arms |
was yet ringing in our ears, the President again |
extended to tins captious and vaunting Govern- \
ment the thrice-rejected olive branch. He proposed !
the renewal of negotiations by sending a Minister j
to Mexico, but added: >
"If the Mexican Government should prefer tosoiirt a mm- I
isterto Washington to conduct the negotiation here, he shall !
be rcL-eivd with kindness and respect, and every effort shall i
he made to accomplish the object of hia mission with the
least oo^ibie delay. \
" Jn the pre-frit communication it is deemed useless, and '•
au^ht prove inim-iou-., to discuss the causes of the exi-tei"
war. This misht l.-ml to delay or defeat the restoration of I
peace; the pa-t is already consigned to hi.-toiy; the future, j
under Providence,within our oivn power. i
'•The occasion may, ho\vo\cr, he embraced to state, that I
the Pitsident ha-, ever cherished flip kindest feelings for i
Mexico, and that one of the first wishes of Ins h art is", that i
she maybe a powerful and prosperous republic, in perpetual [
amity with the TTmted Suit; s." !
This communication, couched in terms of respect
and kindness, and breathing a spirit of peace, was \
treated with neglect, if not contcmpt, and lent a j.
virus to their blind and barbarian fury—they be- j'
lieving, or affecting to believe, it was dictated in a j'
spirit of timidity. On the 4th of August last—the |i
10th being the day fixed for the adjournment of ]
Congress—the President, by a confidential mea- ''
sage, advised the Senate that he proposed the re-
newal of negotiations, and recommended that a !!
sum of money be placed under his control, for the i|
reasons and purposes .stated in the message, as
follows: / ;>
'* "The chief difficulty to be anticipated in the negotiation ;i
is the adjustment of the boundary between the parties, by a
line which shall at once be satisfactory and convenient to
both, and such as neithec will hereafter be inclined to dis-
turb. This is the best mode of securing perpetual peace and
good neighborhood between the two republics. Should the
Mexican Government, in order to accomplish these object*,
be willing to cede any portion of their territory to the United
States, we ought.to pay them a fair equivalent—a just and
houorable peace, and not conquest, being our purpose in the
prosecution of the war.
"Under these circumstances, and considering the ex-
hausted and distracted condition of the Mexican lepublic, it
might become necessary, in order to restore peace, that I
should have it %my power to advance a portion of the con-
sideration money for anv cession of terntory which may he
made. The Mexican Government might not be willing to
wait for the payment of the whole until the treaty could he
ratified by the Senate, and an appropriation to carry it into
effect be made by Congress; and the necessity for such a
delay might defeat the object altogether. X would therefore
suggest whether it might not be wise for Conaxesi to appro-
priate a sum, such as they might consider adequate for this
purpose, to be paid, if necessary, immediately upon the rati-
fication of the treaty by Mexico. This disbursement would,
of course, be accounted for at the treasury, not as secret
service money, but like other expenditures."
This message was referred to the Committee on
Fbreign Relations, who reported, with others, the
following resolution, which, after various unsuc-
cessful efforts to amend it, was passed by a vote of
about two to one:
"Resolved, further, That the Senate deem it advisable
that Congress should appropriate a sum of moiifty to enable
the President to conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and
boundaries, with the Republic of Mexico, and to be used by
him in the event that such treaty should call for the expen-
diture of the money so appropriated, or any part thereof."
Upon the passage of this resolution, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance proposed a res-
olution appropriating two millions of dollars, in
pursuance of the Executive recommendation.
From these proceedings the injunction of secrecy
was subsequently removed, and they became pub-
lic. On the 8th of August last, the President sub-
mitted the same recommendation to both Houses of '
Congress in a public message, and the House of
Representatives passed and sent to the Senate a
bill appropriating two millions of dollars for the
purposes specified in the message. But to the bill
was appended a proviso relating to the subject of
slavery. This bill came to the Senate on the last
day of the session, a few hours before that fixed
for final adjournment, and was lost by the arrival
of the hour, while this proviso was under discus-
sion. But for this the bill would have passed and
become a law, the Senate having previously deci-
ded in favor of the appropriation. This measure
was urged by the President upon the high respon-
sibilities of his office, and we then had, and now
have, strong reasons for believing, that if this
money had been placed under his control at the
last session, as recommended, an honorable peace
would have speedily followed; that a boundary
satisfactory to both parties would have been adjust-
ed; and that ample indemnity would have been
secured to the United States. "But it was defeated,
as we have already seen, in the Senate, too, where
the principle of the appropriation had just been
sanctioned, not upon the merits, but in'a contest
over an amendment providing for the domestic
regulation of territory which we might or might
not obtain by the proposed negotiation. Upwards
of six months have elapsed since the close of the
last session; and assuming, as I do, that its passage
would have answered the purposes intended, its
defeat has cost the country millions of dollars, yet
untold, and a vast destruction of human life. And
such are the fruits produced by the introduction of
this speculative crudity at the last session. At the
commencement of the present session, the Presi-
dent in his annual message, repeats the recommend-
ation for this appropriation, which he assures us
he deems "important for securing a speedy peace,
in the following emphatic terms:
"The reasons which yiduecd me to recommend the
measure at Mat time still o\i<t; and I airainsubmit th" sub-
ject tor your consideration* and MiCKe>.t the impi'rt.itiee of
duly action upon it Should the impropriation be irfhrle and
he not needed, it will remain in the treasury ; MnmM it be
doomed proper to apply it, in whole or in part, it will he ac-
counted for as other public expenditures.
The message was sent to Congress on the 8th
of December last, and its " early notion J' is evinced
by the consideration, on the last day of the ses-
sion but two, and past midnight, whether we will,
m the first place, insert another proviso, for the
government of Mexican territory, if, perchance, it
shall be gamed to the United States. Upon the
propriety of this appropriation 1 have neither hex-
