448
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th. Cons 2d Sess.
[March 3, 1847.]
Military Appropriation Bill—Mr. Ashmun.
Mr. WOOD WORTH, of New York, here
Mr. Ashmon whether he would not have voted
against the three million bill even if that proviso
had been retained?
Mr. ASH MUN answered with a very emphatic
negative. He had voted to insert the proviso, and
when it was inserted he had voted for the bill.
How had the gentleman from New York voted ?
Mr. WOOD WORTH. For the proviso.
- Mr. ASHMUN. Yes, the first time; and how
did the gentleman vote to-day?
Mr. WOODWORTH. Against it, as otherwise
the hill would have been lost.
Mr. ASHMUN. It is as I said. There is the
Ho. of Reps.
gentleman's vote, for the proviso one day and
against it the next.
Mr. WOODWORTH. The bill must otherwise
have been lost.
Mr. ASHMUN. Oh, then, as I now understand
the gentleman, the Wilmot proviso was not a mat-
ter of principle, but a matter of expediency. Un-
der certain circumstances the gentleman, the Rep-
resentative of a free State, is willing to admit slave
territory; under other circumstances he is not.
The question may be settled in one way on one day
and in another way on another. Mr. A. looked
at the matter otherwise. But he supposed the
whole thing was arranged, and the vote must soon
be taken. He had thought and felt that, at some
time before the sands of this expiring Congress
were quite run out, it was the duty of some one to
announce to the country the result of Executive
influence within those walls. He had done it; at
the risk, no doubt, of the condemnation if not the
denunciation of some gentlemen present; but he
had only done his duty. These were his opin-
ions, and he felt bound to present them honestly
and fearlessly to the House. The issue was with
the people.
Mr. LINN BOYD moved the previous ques-
tion; which, being agreed to, precluded further de-
Tms sheet completes the Appendix to the Congressional Globe for the 2d Session of the 29th Congress.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be printed next session (which will be a long one) for $2 each.
Subscribers will be supplied by us with missing numbers, if they will write to us immediately, and pay the postage on
iiicir I6tt6rs 
*
:A.
