1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
of the State of Indiana, by the consent of that
body, (I speak without any purpose of offense in
alluding to him in this manner, having no other
mode left me, in respect to the just and incontro-
vertible protest'of that State against his oflicia]
authority,) says that this stipulation is but an
agreement, and has not the character of a provis-
ion of the treaty. Now, Mr. Chairman, what is
a treaty but a convention between parties holding
a national character to each other? The Miami
tribe has had its nationality admitted over and
over again. That character is historical. This
agreement, if you are pleased to call it so, is made
in its national character, and has, in e\gy:y re-
spect, the character and quality of a treaty. This
objection is too poor for argument. If this agree-
ment is something else than a treaty, an agree-
ment only, what constitutional function has the
Senate that confers on it the power of making an
agreement? If this is something below the dig-
nity of a treaty, why was it published in the
statute-book ? If it be but a poor, degraded bar-
gain that a Senator can contumeliously sneer at,
why is it required that two thirds of the grave
ami reverend Senate should be required to advise
and consent with the President upon the-subject?
Why should a President, a national President,
affix to such a beggarly instrument his sign man-
ual, and make public proclamation of it to the
land? "Why should the Senate dignify it with
the name of a treaty if it be not such ? I shall not
stop at this poor conception. It is enough for me
that both branches of Congress, in the very arti-
cle of this bill that is now under discussion, has
recognized it as a treaty, because the third sec-
tion, nowstruck out by the Senate, was intended
to qualify the following clause of this bill, which
now comes back to us in spite of the declaration
that this provision has no quality of a treaty stip-
ulation:
"For interest on investment of $-221,257 86 at five per
centum, for Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate amend-
ment to fourth article treaty 5th June, 1854, $11,062 89."
Thus the Senate, which sends us this bill, has
recognized this treaty. By the enactment of this
clause, this body has consented that it is a treaty
stipulation. If it be not, what reason exists for
this appropriation contained in this bill ? An ap-
propriation based upon this very provision, which
is denied to have any binding obligation upon the
Government, and being so admitted, I invite the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to furnish a reason why the remainder of this
provision, which limits the payment to the cor-
rected list, shall not, in like manner, be enfQrced?
Mr. GREENWOOD. By the permission of
the gentleman, I wish to ask him a question for
information. 1 wish to know why it is that these
Miami Indians were excluded from the benefits
of the treaty entered into in 1854, if they are not
Miami Indians, to all intents and purposes? I
desire to ask, further, if this supplement, which
he has read, which proposes to exclude these
sixty-eight Miamis in Indiana, ever received the
sanction, in any form whatever, of that tribe? Is
there any evidence that the tribe gave its consent
to it?
Mr. PETTIT. I reply to the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood,] with pleasure;
and, first, to his last question. The Miami tribe,
the whole tribe, both east and west, in their na-
tional character, made the corrected list. It was
not a list to exclude persons who belonged to the
tribe, but a list intended to embrace all who were
members of it. The corrected list was made in
June, 1854. The amendment to the treaty was
made in the month of August. How that list
■was made is set forth in the-following extract from
a letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
It deserves first to be stated, however, that in the
month of January, 1854, with a view of obtain-
ing an accurate census of the tribe in Indiana,
Mr. Manypenny dispatched Mr. Lindsay there,
who made a census, which he describes to be full
and accurate, founded upon his own inquiry and
personal inspection. The present Commissioner
of Indian Affairs then goes on to say:
"The census list of Mr. Lmdsay being submitted to this
office, Colonel Manypenny, then Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, on consultation with the Miami chiefs or head men
then in this city, [June, 1854,] ruled the membeis of the
families oi La Croix, Minnie, and De Rome out of their
shares of the annuities, for the reason tiiat they were not
considered fo be of the Miami blood ; notwithstanding, be-
tween 1846 and 1854.. the members of the above-named fam-
ilies, by virtue of proof submitted to this office, were rec-
oanized as of Miami blood, and for a time were paid their
annuities in Indiana under special instructions from tins
office."
The gentleman from Arkansas will thus see
that the s&t of making this corrected list was co-
temporary with the treaty, a period of two months
before the amendment was proposed in the Senate,
and was conjointly the act of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, acting on behalf of the Govern-
ment, and the whole tribe. To this, I add my
own statement that I have seen Lindsay's origi-
nal list i-n the Indian office, bearing on its face
the handwriting of Mr. Manypenny, indicating
that both branches of the tribe, east and west,
advised and consented to the list in June, 1854;
and now, in turn, I ask, if acknowledging the tribe
as having a national character, competent to make
engagements of peace and war, having a civil pol-
ity of their own, and executing laws and usages
oi their own, lfthatvery national character does
not confer on them the exclusive power of de-
termining upon their own citizenship, and to ad-
mit and exclude from their number any persons
they please, even if no such right were given them
by treaty. This is my first answer. And this
implies my answer to the second question. The
whole tribe did give sanction to the corrected list,
on which the names of these sixty-eight persons
did not appear. And this action is not new. It
has been its action for fifteen or sixteen years,
within that right which belongs necessarily to
every national character, that of determining who
are the citizens of its own nationality. These
persons do not, therefore, belong to that tribe,
because the tribe which is competent to determine
it has said so. I am aware, in spite of what I
have said, that the Senator from Indiana already
alluded to has said that the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs Has stated that these persons ought
to be restored. I do not understand it so. That
report is before me now, and asserts that he took
no steps ujgyn the subject. Nay, more, the Com-
missioner, in this very report, a report which does
not attempt to question any part of this treaty,
but shows a purpose of conforming to it, admits
that the right of deciding that question belonged
to the Miamis alone, an admission hardly neces-
sary, because it has the stronger guarantee of a
treaty.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me ask the gentleman
a question at that point. I wish to ask him
whether some of the sixty-eight who are excluded
are not the legitimate descendants of the chiefs
whose names appear in the preceding treaties of
the Miamis?
,Mr. PETITT. This diverts alittle the course
of my argument; but, in turn, I take great pleas-
ure in replying to the gentleman from Virginia.
I answer, "no." None of these persons are de-
scendants of Chief Richardville, the individual 1
presume he has in his mind. They do not claim to
be his descendants; but only the remote descend-
ants of his sisters. I am compelled to be brief;
but I can best reply by referring once more to the
letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, un-
der date of May 27, last, and 1 now state that
what I read is the only proof of any blood con-
nection of any of these sixty-eight persons witn
Chief Richardville, that has come under my notice:
" I also frnd, by reference to the copy of a certain doc-
ument in the French language, dated May 25, 1805, in closed
in the letter of Ion Kellv. HI st July, 1837, that certain elders
of the nation of the Miamis renewed a grant of land to Jean
Bapti&t Richardville, winch grant was confirmed by the
treaty of October 23, 1834. Tins ratification of the previous
grant appears to have been made in consideration that he,
Richardville, preferred remaining with the Miamis, who
had appointed him their chief, (although his mother, on her1'
death-bed, had advised him to go to his father and iive with
the white people,) and because he was the only one of his
family Who remained with them, his uncles having aban-
doned the nation. In the document referred to, it is also
acknowledged by the chiefs or eiders that he, Richardville,
is of their blood."
The gentleman from Virginia will thus see that
while the tribe, in 18Q5, admitted Richardville to
be of their nation, that the ancestors of these
claimants had abandoned the nation, and did not
claim, nor did the tribe claim, that they belonged
to the Miamis. Not to speak of its power, I ask
if it would now be right for Congress, at the end
of half a century, to baptize these strangers into
the Miami tribe, not for the reason that they ever
belonged to the tribe or held any interest in com-
mon with them, but at the expense of this poor*
decaying nation, in order to invest them with thy
benevolences of thistieaty.
I have said that, in the year 1840, the Miami
tribe stipulated to remove beyond the Mississippi.
I was a witness to that removal. An Indian em-
igration is a melancholy thing to look upon. I
had then the first—I trust, the last—opportunity,
of witnessing the manner in which our nation be-
gins its work of civilizing these rude children of
the forest, when it removes them to what, in mock-
ery, is denominated a home. Troops of the Gov-
ernment were sent out upon these old hunting-
grounds of the tribe. The Indians were unwilling
to give them up, and the Government resorted to
it usual means—force. They were first hunted
from their homes, and then hunted through the
forest. They were caught,and put under duress.
Some were pinioned. It was a work of savagery
throughout. I shall not attempt to describe it. It
was a picture all despair; no hope.
These troops were quartered at that time where
these sixty-eight persons resided, or in the vi-
cinity of where they lived, not as Indians, for
there was in them but a vestige of Indian lineage,
but in the character of citizens, exercising the
rights of white citizenship. If they belonged to
the Miami nationality, I ask why it was, when al!
! the Miami lands were scourged with armed pur-
j suers, after the scattered and fugitive members of
I this tribe, in order to compel them across the Mis-
! sissippi—why it was that these sixty-eight per-
j sons were left there quietly pursuing the common
! avocations of life? Why, in sight of the very
j officers charged to remove these persons to their
j new homes, no attempt whatever was made to
j take them ? It was for the reason that for a period
i of more than fifty years they had been separated
| from the tribe. If those who are curious to know
i as to the quantity of Miami blood flowing in the
veins of these persons, will look at the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, they will
find but two persons who have as much as one
! eighth Miami blood. Another portion of them,
I I think about twenty, have one sixteenth Miami
' blood; others of them have but one thirty-second
Miami blood; one or two have only one sixty-
fourth part.
I ask now, in view of the fact that these per-
sons have never been an actual part of the tribe,
that they have never lived with them, that they
have ne ver adopted their usages, that they have
never shared in their councils, that they are stran-
gers to the language of the tribe; in a word, that
they have never been Indians in any practical re-
spect; except occasionally to ask to be admitted to
the payments of the tribe; if, in the national motive
of taking care of those who cannot take care of
themselves, Congress should intervene for them
against the wishes of the tribe? Will Congress,
in order to confer these pecuniary benefits upon
jhem,undertake to declare, legislatively, that they
belong to the Miami tribe ? They are, in usage,
language, society, white people. They are so
S known to the law; and they share the privileges
| of white people within the State of Indiana. Such
j is my information. I ought to make an exception
of a single family; and 1 cheerfully do so.
The fact that the Government officers, while
! attempting to execute the treaty of*1840, did not
attempt to remove them, and did not count them
among the tribe, and the fact that since that time
they never have been identified with the tribe, are
proofs both from the Government and themselves
to support my argument. 1 have before roe, in
! the letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
already quoted from, some proofs bearing on the
subject of their nationality, to which I desire to
call the attention of the committee:
" Robert McClure deposes that he was fifty-one years of
age last March, (1834,) that he became acquainted with the
chief Richardville and his family at Fort Wayne in 1822,
was also acquainted with Jo^tta Robidoux and all her
family, that they lived like white people and talked Ra°lish
and French, never heard Josetta Robidoux talk m the In-
dian language; when talking to Itichardville's famify, she
spoke English and French, mostly French; heard no talk of
their being Indians, they were called French, and Josetta
claimed to he of that nation. Richardville's children claimed
to be the cousins of Josetta's children, and called Josetta
aunt.
"Have been present at neaily all the payments of the
Mtanns since 1&-22. and never saw Josetta Robidoux orany
of her children draw money at tiie tahle at any of the pay-
merits, as other Indians do, and does not think that they
did draw, at least m the early part of his acquaintance with
them ; at the fotks of the Wabash, about 1834, thinks the
descendants of Josetta Robidoux made application to draw
