1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1048
annuitiesas quarter-blood Miamis*,and thf  Indiansobjocted
alleging that they were not Indians, but French; and his
impression is, that they were ruled out, and not permitted
to receive their annuity or pay at the table, as the other In-
dians drew. Has been present at a number of their treaties,
bx which Chief Richaidvilleconducted the negotiations; the
chiel spoke ihe English language well, and conducted the
treaties in that language ; id of the opinion that most of the
Indians knew but little about the stipulations of the treaties,
having entire confidence in Richardvilie as their chief.
" Has been informed, and believes, that ail the annuities
or pay, which weredrawn by Josetta, and her family, were
drawn through the favoritism of chief Richardvilie, and
without the knowledge or consent of the Indians. Recol-
lects, that at the treaty of 1834, chief Kichardville asked
the Indians to permit the descendants of Josetia to draw a
small portion, or to draw as quarter blood Indians, and Me-
chaneyua, one of the principal chiefs objected. Richard-
vilie t>aid that these people were his relatives, and poor.
Mechanegua spoke on behalf of the tribe, and said, that if
they were his relatives, and poor, to give them out of his
own money,and not out of theirs. And it was then claimed
that they were relatives of Richardvilie, on the French side,
and had no Indian blood in them. Deponent knows, that
in 18'2*2, Margaret Lafaha, nowthewifeofMichieJ D. Rich-
ardvilie, Tonsant, Jacko, Joseph Robidoux, and all of Jo-
setta's children claimed to be French; and did not under-
stand at that time, that there was any Indian blood in them,
although intimately acquainted with them."
" Meshingomezia {a Miami Indian) was sworn, Samuel
McClure, under oath, acting as interpreter. This deponent
says he is about sixty-five years of age; that he became ac-
quainted with Richardvilie at Fort Wayne, Indiana; when
first acquainted with him he was not a chief, but a trader;
was acquainted with Richardvilie prior to the treaty with
the Miami Indians, concluded at Greenville, Ohio; was
present at the time the tribe met m council near where the
house of Godfroy now stands, on the Wabash river, and
ejected Richardvilie chief of the Miami tribe; and the rea-
son why he was so elected was, that he could speak or talk
in both the Indian and English language, and could thereby
transact their business with the whites belter than any of
thereat; Richardville's mother was dead long before that
time; Kah-kow-wich-con-yah was chief of the tube imme
diately before Richardvilie, and before him Taw-we-tah,
the giandfather of deponent, and before him the great-
grandfather of deponent. Among the tribeofdeponent wo-
men or fctjuaws are never appointed or elected to anyofficp,
nor do they inherit any. The deponent understands the
customs of his tribe by tradition; has always been the un-
derstanding of the deponent from his own knowledge, and
from information derived from his mother, (who was older
than Richardvilie, well acquainted with Ins mother.) that
Richardvilie was the only child of his mother, and that he
had neither brother nor sister.
''After the treaty of St. Mary V deponent was at a payment
at Foit Wayne, and there was not one Frenchman drew an
annuity to his knowledge; has been at all the payments
from that time to the present, and has never known of any
of tho French drawing annuity. Jacko. Rohidoux was a
Frenchman ; Margerate Lafaha was a French woman ; she
lived with Chief Richaidville as his wife, as was generally
understood b\ the Indian?.; never knew Jacko Robidoux, or
Maigerate Lafaha, or any of the French relatives of Rich-
ardvilie, to draw money at any of the payments, as the
Miamib drew it.
" By the custom of the Miami Indians, no man is per-
mitted to marry or cohabit with his blood relations.
u In the treaties which Richardvilie made on behalf of
the Miami Indians with the United States, most of the re-
serves and piovis-ions. of money for himself and friends were
kept secret !iom the tribe until the treaty was closed.
Samuel McClure deposed, that he was forty-seven
years of age ; has lived in this country sincc the year 1827,
and traded with thp Miami Indians since the year 1828; has
been well acquainted with ail their chiefs and principal
men. and has attended every payment since the yeaf
M37:
>< In the lall of 1834, at a general council held by the
pnncipai men of the Miami tribe, at the forks of the Wa-
bash liver, deponent was present, and the question of the
right of these French people to participate in the annuity of
the tribe came up m council. Chief Richardvilie said that
these people wete pooi and his friends, and he wished them
to draw with the tribe ; as well as the deponent can tecol-
lect, he said they had some Indian blood in them; then
Meehanequa objected, and said, if they had any -Indian
blood in them ht> did not know it. and said if white men
mingled with then people and got childien, they must sup-
pott them; that they would not. Meehanequa then sat
clown. Kichardville then stood as though he was m astudy.
The agent—Colonel Pepper, the deponent think*-—said to
Richaidvillp, 'Chief, what are you going to do?5 Riehard-
vilio turned to Meehanequa and said,' What are jou going
to dor' lie lephed,11 have told you once, and if I can"t be
heard, I will leave the council ;* and arose and leu. Rich-
ardvilie said to the agent, * hold still, I will answer after a
whileand followed Meehanequa into the woods. After
pome time they e.ime back, and Meehanequa took his seat
in the council; and it was the understanding of the depo-
nent, that they were not to participate in the annuity,and
Chief Richardvilie so notified the agent. Deponent has
never known the children or grand children of Josetta Ro-
tvodoux to draw as other Indians at any of th'ur payments,
with the consent of the tribe; Meehanequa was one of the
principal men of the tiibe, and one of the most influential;
ami in the conversation above referred to, lie spoke on be-
half of tlf tribe.
u Maiireratc Lafalia lived with Chief Richardvilie, and it
was generally considered that she was his wife, or concu-
bine. A short tune before the death of Chief Richardvilie,
and after his death, deponent heard a number of the tribe
complaining of his course ; and that he had cheated them,
as they thought, for the purpose of conferring lavors on his
friend?. English and French.
" Dr. William McKinsey deposes that in the month ot
Mai eh, 1805, himself and oiliers were sent out on the Wa-
bash river, by the Society of Friends in Maryland, for the
purpose of trying to civilize the Miami Indians. They set-
tled near the forks of the Wabash, and made improvements.
At that time, deponent states, White Loon, alius Wa-pe-
mon-guck, was chief of the village, and that Richardvilie,
afterwards chief ot the Miamis, was hvmg there at the vil-
lage, a private man. Depooentoftpn met with the Indians
in council,and Richardvilie seemed to have no.powcr,*and
but little influence among them, and was to all appear-
ances very poor; deponentand his companions looked upon
liitn as rather below an ordinary Indian— in fact, was con-
sidered at least half French. (Never knewanvthingof the
mother of Richardvilie, and never heard of his having any
hi other or sister.)
Deponent was quite intimate with the principal men of
the village; became also acquainted with some of the
chiefs and leading men of the other villages. Pnor to de-
ponent's residence with the Miamis, he had been with the
Shawnee tribe, and learned to speak the Shawnee language.
This enabled him to converse with the Miamis, as most of
them could converse in that language. It is the understand-
ing of the deponent that they never, inherit any office, but
were piomoted in the tribe on the ground of valor or states-
manship; that, by their customs, their women never had
any voice in their councils, nor wete they ever promoted
to any office. Deponent thinks, from his familiarity with
the Indians at that village, that if Richardville's mother had
been a leading woman or peison among them, and lived at
the forks of the Wabash, lie should certainly have known
it. Deponent, in his deposition, states that he was twenty-
one years of age on the 22d day of April, 1805."
There is some proof contradictory of this; but
I have asked for the reading of these affidavits,
obtained from the office of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, for the purpose of showing that,
in the year 1834, Richardvilie himself, the chief
of the tribe, presented these relatives of his to the
council for the purpose of having them admitted
to the pay-roll of the tribe, and that proposition
was rejected at the time as the act of the tribe,
as it had been rejected before.
I now give way to my colleague, who feels, as
I myself do, that I am using an undue share of
time under the limited allowance permitted by the
rule; but I venture again to invoke the favorable
consideration of the House in favor of these poor
people, whose respectful memorial asks you for
justice and protection, that you may justify the
honor of your engagement as a duty at the same
time both to them and yourselves.
Mr. CASE took the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to give
way to me fgr a moment, to enable me to make
a statement of personal consequence to myself.
Mr. CASE. I cannot allow the explanation
to be made in my time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am sorry that the gen-
tleman feels himself constrained to do a disfavor.
Mr. CASE. At another time I would cheer-
fully do it; but I cannot, now, as I have but
twenty minutes to go over all the ground occu-
pied by my colleague.
Mr. Chairman, beginning where my colleague
left off with this very matter of the census list
made out by this Mr. Lindsay, I desire to say
this: I hold in my hand a copy of a part of this
list. Whileitshowsthatthe Commissionercame
to the conclusion to omit the names of certain
persons from this list, the report by Mr. Lindsay
shows that this whole De Rome family, in favor
of whom the relief was. granted last year, was
just as nearly related to the tribe as are many of
the persons for whom my colleague is contending.
Why, sir, 1 have here a list of the De Rome fam-
ily, one of the families benefited by the legisla-
tion of last year, and this census of Mr. Lindsay
shows that that family are all, save four, one
quarter Miami blood; the four being^only one
eighth; and, sir, he-found them living on a sec-
tion of land reserved to them by the treaty of
1826. And I say, further, that if gentlemen will
examine the treaties made with the Miamis, and
the evidence filed m the Indian department, they
will find the names of the ancestors of all these
persons signed to one or tha other of the several
treaties mndo with this tribe.
Sir, I am utterly astonished when I hear it as-
serted here that even the Chief Richardvilie was
known to be a Frenchman, and not a Miami.
Such a statement as that will sound strangely in
Indiana, where he lived and was well known as
the favorite chief of that tribe for years and years,
signing every important treaty made, frtfm 1795
to 1840. No one has ever denied that he was a
half-breed; and every one familiar with theTacts
knows that there are many of the same class
connected with the tribe, and that many of the
full-blooded Indians have been, for the last twenty
years, hunting those persons down and trying to
drive them out of the tribe becausc they had white
blood in them. The names of all these persons
were on the list when they undertook to prove it,
. as my colleague says, in 1854, although some of
i them had been stricken off in 1846..
! My colleague has produced the evidence of two
| or three individuals to prove that these persons
1 did not belong to the tribe, and-had tfever7been
t paid with the tribe. I beg the committed to re-
S member that he has selected from the whole vol-'
I ume of evidence almost the only testimony in
j favor of his side of the question; and that against
j it you have the testimony of all the men who have
j been acting as agents for the payment of these
I Indians, stating that these persons were recog-
j nized as members of the tribe, and have received
s their money just the same as other members of
j the tribe; and their vouchers, filed in the Indian
department, and which are referred to in this very
report, show that such are the facts.
Now, it is said that Mr. Lindsay said that he
could find no evidence that the Chief Richard-
vilie was an Indian, or that he had any sisters.
The evidence in this report, which I cannot read,
as it would take two hours, shows conclusively,
that he had at least two sisters, and those persons,
for whose benefit the legislation of last year was
obtained, were descendants of those sisters. I
grant that this agent, Mr. Lindsay, came to the
same conclusion that my colleague has come to,
in reference to the Minnie and Lacroix families.
He could not determine their "blood, though they
are children of sisters of Richardville;-but how •
either came to the conclusion that there was no
Miami blood in him, when his report proves
that the granddaughter of his mother's sister was
a full-blooded Miami, I do not know. But my
colleague asks why these persons were not re-
moved in 1846, if they were members of the tribe?
Well, as he truly says, the Government was en-
gaged in the pious business of hunting down the
tribe with dogs, and driving them out as fastas it
could. Why were not the three hundred and two
persons for whom mycolleagueisactins:, removed
at the same time ? These persons, like those, were
permitted to remain, and draw their annuities,
because the Attorney General says that it is the
evident spirit of the treaties, that they should be
permitted to draw their annuities, though they
did not remove with the tribe.
Mr. PETTIT. The three hundred and two
Miamis of Indiana are those who, by the treaty
of 1838, and the law of 1845, ate allowed to re-
main; but all others belong to the Miamis west.
Mr. CASE. I beg'my colleague's pardon.
These Indians occupy very nearly the same rela-
tion to the tribe tliat the Grigg family do, who
were restored to the lists of the tribe by the very
amendment on which my colleague relies.
Mr. WILSON here asked a question, which
was entirely inaudible to the reporters.
Mr. CASE. I do not care whether they did or
not. When the Government was hunting them
down, some of them took refuge in the State of
Michigan, and live there to-day.
Mr. N1BLACK. I would inquire if they were
not driven away in violation of the terms of the
treaty ?
Mr. CASE. I suppose they were; but I have
not time to investigate that question. If the com-
mittee will take the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral on these,very treaties, (which is to be found in
volume six of the Opinions of the Attorney Gen-
eral,) they will find that this question has come
bcfoie the Attorney General; and his conclusion,
from an investigation of the whole matter, is, that
it is the evident spirit of those treaties not to cut
off these Indians from their annuities, from the
simple fact that they refused to migrate with the
tribe, and on that ground he justifies the resolu-
tions passed at different times by Congress. The
treaty itself has been somewhat .carefully inves-
tigated in the other branch or Congress; and I will
read the language of the distinguished Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] in regard to it:
" I wish to state, for myself, that 1 examined this matter
very carefully. I came to the conclusion thai the proposi-
tion of the House of Representatives ought to be rejected.
Oui committee were unanimous on the subject, and came
to the conclusion, in fact, that this subsequent provision,
bv which it is now claimed that a portion ot the tribe should
be excluded,was fraudulent in fact, and that the plain course
of duty was to restore their names, and pay them their
money."
I wish, now, to Speak for a moment to the
manner in which this provision of the treaty was
obtained. I assert that it has no validity. This
treaty was made between the tribe and the Uni-
