1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
ted States on the 5th day of June, 1854, and this
proviso was an afterthought. The men who were
here, representing the tribe in Indiana, thought
they had the matter fixed up. But the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs had ordered that testi-
mony should be taken in regard to the blood of
certain Indians. These men went home; and they
found an agent there taking testimony under the
orders of the Indian department, to establish the
blood of some of the persons benefited by the
legislation of last session; and when they discov-
ered that that evidence would establish ineontro-
vertibly that these persons were entitled to share
in the annuities, they came back here and had
that amendment made after the chiefs had gone
home. Tlie testimony then taken was not for-
warded until after the amendment was attached
to the treaty. If my colleague will examine the
files of the Indian department, he will find that the
Commissioner did not forward the testimony, and
that it was ultimately sent here by the justice of
the peace before whom it was taken several days
after the amendment to the treaty was adopted by
the Senate; and thus it appears that the Senate
acted in the dark in regard to it.
I deny, right here, that that amendment to the
treaty has any validity whatever, save such as the
eleventh article of the treaty may have given it.
It lacks altogether the sanction of the authorities
.of the tribe. But if it were valid, there is abun-
dantaulliority in thetreaty itself for the legislation
of last year. There is a provision in the original
treaty—the eleventh article alicady referred to—
by which Congress has the power to legislate for
the benefit of, and to do justice to, the members
of that tribe. There is a provision giving the ex-
press right of interference, as to their lands, to
the Secretary of the Interior. There is ample
power given m the.eleventh article of that treaty
lor the legislation of last session.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will read that eleventh aiticlc. Here
it is:
" The olijpct of this instrument bcins* to advance the in-
tcrt^t of sunt imlmns, it is agreed, Tf it piove lu^nlTicient.
trom ertii-t1-' which cannot now in: toi-eseen, id eficet these
cutis, that the Piesidcut limy, by ami with the -idvu-e and
consent of the Semite, adept such policy 111 the manage-
ment of thou affairs as 111 tin judgment may be most ben-
eficial to liH'tn ; or Confess iimy, hcieafter, make such
provision by Jaw as experience shall prove to be neces-
sity."
Mr. CASE. Here wasan amendment attempted
to be forced on this treaty by the action ot the
Senate when the chiefs had gone home, when the
Wen who had come from Indiana and participated
in the negotiation of that treaty had returned
home. Here was an amendment by which sixty-
eight persons weie shut out from their rights as
members of the tribe. What could be plainer
under that treaty than that Congress should sec
that every member of the tribe should have jus-
tice meted out to him.
Now, Mr.Ciiairman, with regard to this legis-
lation. It cannot operate to the injury of the
Miamis. None are to be benefited by it, unless
the evidence is clear and conclusive that they are,
or ought to be, members of the tribe. It is con-
fined to, those who are of the blooti of (he tribe. 1
must pass over so much as my colleague has said
in reference to the divisions of land, 1 do so, not
because it is not capable of explanation fioin the
terms of the treaty itself, but because it does not
come within the legislation wc have now befoie
us. We do not propose to interfere with that;
and, therefore, 1 will not leply, at this time, to
that portion of my colleague's remaiks.
The families that claim relief under the legis-
lation of last year, are as I will state them. There
is the Minnie family—Mary L. Minnie and her
descendants. Mary L. Minnie, according to the
evidence contained in the Commissioner's icport, |j
wss the daughter of Agatha, a sister of Chief
Ricfiardrilie. The Lacroix family descend from
Joselte, another sister, of the same chief, who is ,|
lecognlzed as a Miami, and has a reservation of j
a section of land by the treaty of 1818. The ,j
mother of Angelina Lacroix, with the rest of the j
family, moved west >v;th the tribe. The Derome ,
family, to which I haye already referred, are rec-
ognized as belonging to the tube under the tieaty |
ot 1828, and fo the ancestor of this f-umlv, a section ^
of land was leserved by that treaty. As to the de-, I
scendants of Wa-wc-asse, Flat Billy and Mah-
fjuu-co-.-org, who were dtiyeri to .Viiclno-an, or"
fled there to avoid removal, if you will look to
the treaty of 1818, and subsequent treaties, you
will find the names of every one of them, signing
them as the chiefs of the tribe. Yet we are told
that it is justice to shut out these men.
Let it be remembered that under the treaties of
1818, 1826, of 1838, and of 1840, these persons
were members of the tribe. The testimony is con-
clusive with regard to them notwithstanding the
extracts selected by my colleague. They were
the owners of the property that the Government
bought; and it is only right and sheer justice to
allow them to participate in the value of that
property. There is no question but that the le-
gislation of last year was right. It was a local
matter, affecting peusons in my own district; and
therefore I thought it was right to give it such aid
as I could. There is no reason forsaying that it
interferes with treaty stipulations. Yet, if-this
amendment were a treaty stipulation, the power
to abrogate it is ample and complete under the !
eleventh article, just read, and should be exer-
cised.
The gentleman from Arkansas asks me if there
were any attempts by treaty to exclude these In- j
dians before this ? There were not. I know there!
was objection to'their drawing annuities. They j
were on the list of that tribe up to the day the |
treaty was signed. They had been cut off by the I
action of the Commissioner; but they were re- i
stored on the advice of the Attorney General, i
They were cutoff in 1846, but restored in 1851; |
and they continued on the list until they were !
excluded by this alleged amendment. |
Mr. Chairman, I would like to have said some- '
thing fui t],er in regard to the authority of Con- j
gress to interfere with this amendment and abro- !
^atc it, even if it is to be considered a part of the !
treaty. I know, however, that 1 could not make I
mys«.-lf clear on that point in the few minutes that !
are left me. i do not propose to take up and read |
this testimony to the House; and I only iegret j
that every riwmber of the committee is not able i
to take up the leport and examine the whole tes- j
tnnony fiom the beginning to the end. There is j
the evidence of men who have lived there in the j
vicinity of that tnbe fory^ars—some of the most
respectable ciiizens of my own county. If a ques- J
Hon of blood can be made clear by evidence, the
blood of these persons is established beyond dis-
pute. There is no attempt to rob thin Indian tribe
of their money. It is only an effort to put men
upon the list who are as much entitled as any men
there; as much entitled as those of the tribe who
have been pursuing them for the last forty years,
because they were not full-blooded Miamis. [
These claimants,as I have said, were stricken |
from the list, and this amendment added, at the |
instigation of members of the tribe who knew j
that testimony was being taken to establish their j
tribal rights; that that testimony would be con- j
elusive, and that the amendment must be passed \
before the arrival of the testimony, if ata.ll. They
hurried back from Indiana to this city to accom- j
plish that object, and they succeeded. If any !
wrong was done, they instigated it. If any fraud '■
was perpetrated, it was when these claimants
were rejected without a hearing. Their lestora-
tion to their tubal rights, under the act of last ;
session, wgts hut simple justice. |
The CHAIRMAN stated that the hourforthe j
closc of general debate had arrived. j
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. ;
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent !
to make a statement personal to myself. . '
There was no objection. '* ,
Mr. MAYNARD.* Since I came tn the House
I have seen a copy of the New York Tribune, of ,
yesterday. In it I find a telegraphic dispatch, :
dated in this city, on Sunday last. In that dis- :
patch occurs this sentence, speaking of the pas-
sage of the Oregon biff:
"Ail the South Americans voted against it. except',
Me-sns, >J.a\n.u<L ltc;uly, Underwood, *«md Eusiib, who ,
were absent or dotigod."
I wish to say that so far as I am concemcd, I !!
was not absent, nor did I dodge. It is known that .
when the bill was under consideration, I spoke !,
against it, that I attempted to amend it, that 1 '
voted steadily against it until the question of lay-
ing it on the table came up, which, at the time, 1
regarded as a test question, and for which I voted.
After that I paired off with a friend of the bill, f
[Mr. Kunkel, of Maryland,] for his convenience
and at his request, as I stated more than once to
the House, at the tune. 1 wish to state further,
that my colleague [Mr. Ready] was aiso present,
but that he was paired off with Mr. Warren, of
Arkansas, as he informed me, and as he an
nounced when his name was called.
Mr. SMITH,, of Tennessee. I desire to make
a statement, to go with that of my colleague. 1
was a witness to the pair of Mr. Ready with Mr.
Warhkn, of Arkansas, and therefore I know the
fact that he was paired. -
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to say that my
colleague, Mr. Eustis, was not in the city. He
was absent at the time.
Mr. STEW ART, of Maryland. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Tennessee, 1 will
state that it was announced, at the time, that my
colleague [Mr. Kunkel] had paired off with him.
Mr. MAYNARD. , The facts that I speak of
appear in the repoit in the Globe. 1 da not m.-ike
this statement for the information of the House,
to which, I presume, the facts are known, as upon
that occasion the attendance was very full; nor
do I make it with any expectation or desire, even,
that the corrcction should be made in the quarter ,
from which the statement emanated. J care
nothing about it. I make this statement in order
that other respectable papers, having a regaid
both for the Sabbath and for th« truth, may not
be misled into doing me injustice by copying this
thing in the Tribune.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order, that it is not in order for a member to cor-
rect a misstatement that may happen to appear
in a newspaper.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order has no
application; because the gentleman from Indiana,
with the other members of the committee, con-
sented th'at the explanation should be made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was not aware of it,
Mr. BLISS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the committee to say one word, which I should
not have done, had not the gentleman from Ten-
nessee brought the matter before the House? I
rise simply to say,-that I was absent fiom the
House during the whole of Saturday, and did
not dodge the question. Further, I do not care
to say.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILX. AGAIN.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
Chickasaw Incompetents —For arrears of Interpol ritir J.ui-
uary I, iS.YJ. on five percent. honds of the State oflmbnnit,
held in trust tor the Chickasaw incompetents Uy tile -Ske-
letal y of the Interior, 4350.
Mr. REAGAN. I yesterday made a sugges-
tion in regard to the first amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman move
an amendment ?
■ Mr. RKAGAN. I move to strike nut " §350."
I object to the Government of the United States
assuming the liabilities of States; and 1 wish now
to state more distinctly the objections that 1 have
to this first amendment. The same objection will
also apply to the second, third, and f'omth amend-
ments of the Senate, and to all thai class of prop-
ositions that look to the assumption by the Gov-
ernment of the United States of the liabilities of
States. It appears that, in entering into this
treaty with the Indians, stocks of the State ofi'n-
diana were purchased by the Government as
trustee for the Chickasaw Indians, The Govern-
ment of the United Slates, in so acting as trustee,
had necessarily to pay to the State uf Indiana the
value of her stocks. Of course the State of Indi-
ana was liable for the payment of the interest on
her bonds.. Now, from the embarrassment of
that State, she is unable or unwilling to pay the
interest unless, the Indians or the Government
shall surrender the original'bonds and accept new
certificates of stock. They contend thattheTieas-
ury Department ought to return to the State of
Indiana the funds retained in the Treasury as
some sort of indemnity for the nonpayment of
this interest, and Indiana will then consent to
enter into a correspondence with the Fedeuil Gov-
ernment.
That appears to mo to be a very strange prop-
osition. 'iMie State of Indiana,a soveieign power
as well as the United States, is willing, in its gra-
cious kindness, to enter into a correspondence
about this matter.
-Now, as I said yesterday, I do not want the
