1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
Government of the United States to pay the debts
of repudiating States, or of repudiating individu-
als, The Government of the United States has
now about as much as it can do to pay its own
debts. The Government has paid for this stock,
and the State has refused, or declined, to pay the
interest on it. It was for the benefit of the Indians
that this investment was made; and it is strange
that the Government should now be asked not
only to pay the arrears of interest, but also to re-
fund to the Indians the amount of the original
investment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have just a word
to say in reply to the gentleman from Texas. I
have not examined this question very carefully.
The gentleman seems to insinuate, or he made
the remark, that the State of Indiana has refused
to pay its just debts, and that it is insolvent. All
I have to say, Mr. Chairman, is this: that Indi-
ana is perfectly able to pay all its just debts, and
has met all its just debts, upon every occasioit,
without a single exception, notwithstanding the
embarrassments which surrounded it a few years
«go. The Government of the United States, to-
day, is indebted to the State oflndiana more than
treble thisamount; and whenever the Govei nment
of the United States makes a settlement with the
State of Indiana in reference to those questions,
this matter will be settled, and all will be right.
That is all I have to say in vindication of the
honor and credit of my State.
Mr. Reagan's amendment was rejected.
The question now being upon concurring in the
first amendment of the Senate,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Mason and
Chaffee were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
-—ayes 69, noes 30; no quorum voting.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adram, Anderson, Atkinc, Avery, Bennett, Ril-
JhiL'hurst, Hmghaui, Bishop, Blair, Bocock, Bonham,
Boyce. Burhngame. Burnett, BunoHdis, Camillas, Chap-
man. Clay, (JU-mPiis. Clark B Cochrane, John Cochrane,
Comms. Covode, Burton Crais*1, Danm-ll Davis of Mary-
land, Davis ot Iowa, Dick. Dimnuck. Ditrfeo, Edmundson,
Elliott, Eustis, Fenton, GuUliugs, Gilhs. Harris, Hatch,
H;uvkms Hodges, Hughes, Geonre W. Jones Jacob
M. KunkehJohn C. Kunkel. Lawtence. Maclav. McKibbin,
Samuel 8.' Marshall, Morgan, Mott. Pottie. Purvianee,
Heady, Ritchie, Robhms, Savage, John Sherman, Shorter,
Sickles. Singleton, Stevens, Tajipan,, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Ward, Warren, Watkins, Woodson, and John V.
Wright.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Houston reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House, No- GG4, making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, i860, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto; and, finding itself
without a quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
and had directed him to report the names of the
absentees to the House.
A quorum (one hundred and sixty-five mem-
bers) being now present, the committee resumed
its session.
The tellers again took their places; and the com-
mittee having divided, they reported—ayes 85,
noes 43.
So the first amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to say
that upon the call of the roll just now, Mr. Har-
ris, Mr. Covode, and myself, were engaged, by
the permission of the House, on our committee,
and we wish it so reported, that we may not ap-
pear as absentees.
Second amendment of the Senate:
For redemption of the principal sum of said fivepercenf.
stock held in trust as aforesaid, §'2,000, to be invested by
the Secretary of the Interior in the nock of the Lmted
States, in lieu of said five per cent, stocks : Provided, 1 hat
the said Indiana five per cent, stocks shall be suriendered
by the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of the
Treasurv, who shall be required to coirespond with thoEx
ccutivc of Indiana for the purpose ot effecting an arrange-
ment relative to the amount due on said stock, and report
piogress to next Congress.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. This amendment brings up
the question in a still more distinct form. I will
not trouble the committee long; but I desire to
make one or two observations.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must pro-
pose an amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to strike out" $2,000."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the
gentleman to let the question be taken. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a non-
concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. Very well; if that is the re-
commendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I am willing that the vote shall be taken.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred.in.
Third amendment of the Senate:
Fa e 27, after line six hundred and forty, insert as fol-
lows :
For arrears of interest, due January 1, 1859, on five per
cent bonds of the State of Indiana, held m trust for the Pot-
tawatomics by the Secretary of the Interior, $12,053 20.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That rests upon
the same principle as the first amendment, which
the committee have adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Does that amend-
ment propose to pay interest on funds that have
been invested by the Government for the Indians?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I am op-
posed to that amendment, and I hope it will not
be concurred in. It is a rule, known to every
lawyer, that where money is invested by a trus-
tee, if it is invested in good faith, although the
investment may afterwards fail, the trustee is not
and invested them in North Csrolinabonds. Then,
if we are liable for the interest, we are liable for
the principal, and we may have to vote both. It
is proper that these parties should standupon the
law, and that we should set our faces against a
precedent which may be used prejudicially to the
interests of the country,involvinj us in illegal
and improper liabilities. 1 hope that the'amend-
ment will not prevail. ' '
Mr. HOWARD. If we concede the principle
laid down by the gentleman from Mississippi to
be correct, still it does not meet the case. The
State of Indiana pays interest on her bonds; she
pays her liabilities at maturity.
Mr. REAGAN1. How came the liability to
grow up?
Mr. HOWARD. The difficulty here is this:
The United States have kept back money due
I from them to the State of Indiana,
j Mr. REAGAN. That was to indemnify the
j United States for the refusal of Indiana to pay in-
terest on her bonds.
j Mr. HOWARD. The interest is due from In-
] diana on these bonds, but the money due to Indi-
! aim was an offset. Now, the United States was
j a trustee to invest this money, and she has ac-
] tually drawn the interest by keeping back the
, fund due to Indiana.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the gentleman
| says that the interest has really been paid to the
j Government, then I withdraw my objection. Let
1 us have the facts.
! Mr. HOWARD. I have not the figures with
! me now. * ■,
j Mr. REAGAN. A correct history of the mat-
ter is given m the letter which the gentleman from
responsible for the investment. Now, the Gov- j Indiana [Mr. Colfax] had read yesterday
ernment is in the position of a trustee for the
Indians.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. What amendment does the gentle-
man offer ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlem® from Mis-
sissippi must submit an amendment™
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to strike
out "$2^153."
If, then, the Government being a trustee for the
benefit of the Indians or any one else, shall invest
funds in good faith as a trustee, though the in-
vestment may fail, the Government is not re-
sponsible according to any rule of law. The
Government stands, as trustee, exactly in the at-
titude of any other trustee; and it is a rule as uni-
| versal and as old as the common law itself, that
j a trustee is not to be held responsible for any act
: performed in good faith.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to suggest that he is admitting too much. The
investment was made by treaty stipulation, to
which the Indians themselves were parties, as
cestui que trust.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I have not
admitted too much. I have not gone far enough.
That makes my case still stronger. If the money
was invested by virtue of a treaty stipulation be-
tween the Government and the Indians, the Gov-
ernment is not responsible for the principal or the
interest.
Mr. REAGAN. That is my position.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Now, there may
be but a small sum involved in this amendment;
but, if you agree to it, you establish a precedent
for all time, and, under that precedent, the Gov-
ernment may, in time to come, be held accounta-
ble for ten, twenty, fifty, or a hundred million
dollars, which may have been invested by it in
good feith as trustee, on account of the failure ot
the investment.
I hold that it is decidedly improper for the
House to establish such a precedent, which is to
bind this Government in violation of all the rules
of law; and I trust that the strict economists of
the House, who desire to reduce even the neces-
sary ex
found to „
Government in resisting the payment of an
for which the Government is not legally or equi-
tably liable. The amendment ought to be voted
down. The establishment of such a precedent
as this would be fatal to the best interests of the
Government, and might involve us in the pay-
ment of vast sums hereafter. I understand that
last session the Secretary ot the Interior drew
some of these Indian funds from the Treasury
Mr. N1BLACK. The difficulty arose from the
confusion of accounts between the United States
and the Slate of Indiana. The State of Indiana
has never been able tor get a settlement from the
United States of what is called the three percent,
fund reserved from the sales of the public lands, to
be expended as she may think fit, and which we.
contemplate to expend in the building of roads
and bridges, and improvements of that sort. A
difficulty has occurred in getting those accounts
adjusted. Indiana neglected to pay her interest,
and the United States still neglects to render a
proper account of this three per cent. fund. In
this condition of things the State has declined,
and I think properly, to pay that interest until
she does get a settlement of her three per cent,
fund. I introduced a resolution in reference to
this very subject. When we get an adjustment
of that account we are willing to pay over the in-
terest, and not until then.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to strike out"p,000.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to have a correctunder-
standing of the facts in this case. The gentleman
, from Michigan assumes that the State of Indiana
; refuses to pay interest because the Federal Gov-
! ernment has withheld the three per cent, fund due
that State on account of her public lands. The
truth is developed, I think, by the papers. It is
developed especially in a letter introduced-yester-
day by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax.] The State of Indiana refused to pay inter-
est upon stock invested for the benefit of these
Indians, and then, after that refusal; the United
States, as a means of indemnifying itself—for it
had assumed the payment of the interest in one
of the annual appropriation bills—reserved in the
Treasury, under the authority of Mr. Guthrie,
the three per cent, fund due to Indiana. Rut that,
sir, would not cover the whole amount. The Le-
gislature of Indiana acted on the subject, and the
confusion to which the gentleman refers, is just
that sort of confusion which is always brought
about by a delinquent debtor to get an excuse for
1 .1 n ... T.    Qfofa
iiao, to umij     j <•'
t}lree per cent, lond fund. The State df Indi&ns.
, scaled its"debt and declared that it would only pay
j this in case the Government would surrender this
| stock and accept scaled stock and pay the three
|i)er cent. fun<} it had reserved. After the United
! States accepted the scaled stock, and returned the
j money it had reserved, to save itself, what does
I Indiana do? Not that it will pay its debt, but
