1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
that if the United States will pay it over again, it
will consent to enter into correspondence on this
subject.
I want to repeat what my friend from Missis-
sippi, has said. Pay this interest, and you con-
stitute this a precedent. If you acknowledge that
you owe the interest it isan acknowledgment that
you owe the debt. Ncxtsession you may be called !
on to pay the debt; and this vote of the House j
will be brought here as an acknowledgment on f
the part of the United States, that, having paid i
the interest, we must pay the debt,and letlndiana i
go scot-free. It will be the assuming of the debts |
of that State by this Government, when there is '
neither justice nor law in favor of that assump-
tion,
Mr. KILGORE. I am sorry to hear the gen-
tleman from Texas allege that Indiana has mani- ■
fested a disposition to repudiate her indebtedness j
and the payment of interest on her indebtedness j
when it fell due. There has been a difficulty j
between Indiana and the United States, in refer- '
ence to the three per cent, land fund. |
There has been a time when Indiana, like many (
other of her sister States, was not able to meet |
the liabilities she had incurred. We, like other ;
States, went into an extravagant system of inter- j
rial improvements; and, unfortunately, we be-]
came involved in debt. We were not for a long i
time able to meet the interest due on debts that
we had contracted. The Government, in the
mean time, invested the trust fund of these In-
dians in Indiana five per cent.; a portion of our
internal improvement bonds which we had car-
ried into the market for the purpose of realizing
funds to carry on our system. Indiana passed a
law for a compromise to be entered into between
her and the bondholders. Notice was given of
the time and place for the meeting of the bond -
holdeis, to go into an arrangement for a surrender
of the original bonds, and the taking of stock cer-
tificates. There may, perhaps, have been a little
sealing. While the other bondholders came for-
ward, the Government lefu&ed to do so, and
avail herself of the advantages proposed m the
act of the Indiana Legislature. We transferred
the Wabash and Erie eunal to the bondholders,
in payment of a portion of the bonds, and issued
stock certificates for the anears of interest; be-
coming responsible for interest upon interest, as
well as for the certificates issued.
The General Government,as I before remarked,
was, in the mean time,allowing to accumulate in
the Treasury the three per cent. fund. That fund
had been retained for a series of yeats, and was
still retained, instead of allowing the principal to
be applied to the payment of inteiest on these
bonds. Now, as a matter of justice between cred-
itor and creditor, the Government should at least
haveallowed the State of Indiana the same amount'
of interest on the funds retained, as it was exact-
ing on the Indian indebtedness. Instead of doing
that, the Government retained the whole; not
allowing the State to recover inteiest on any por-
tion of it.
All that the State of Indiana asks is that the
matter may be adjusted; and that the General Gov-
ernment may come forward, in the spirit of com-
promise and fair dealing, and settle the matter.
Whenevei that is done ihe debt will he paid, and
paid promptly. Indiana is not only willing, but
able, to pay her entire indebtedness. My word
for it, it will be paid down to the last farthing,
whenevei justice is done on the part of the Gen-
eral Government; but not till then.
Mr. IlEAGAN withdiewhis amendment.
The question being on the third amendment of
the Senate,
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Reagan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 87, noes 34.
So the third amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
For tiie redemption of the pi ineipal sum of five per cent,
stocic. held in nu-t as aforesaid, OeU, to he invested by
the .--eerotaty or the Interior in the -toe'e of the United
States, in lieu of said live per cent. .-tock : Pi ovule*!, That
the said Indiana five per cent, stock shall be smienden'd
by tue o'" the Inrciioi to the ^ecioMi.y ot the,
r}'r<  -ui \. u'ho -nail he icrjuncd to ( oi te«.pond wnil the Kv-
eeutive of l.uhau.i iui the p,ii ot oueetosg att luran^o-
lelauve to the amount du>; on <.aid nlue c, ar>d leport '
progro&s to nus^'Coiigiesfc: jProiiteJ Jv.tkcr-, Taut the 1
stocks with which the Secretniy of the Interior is now
changed upon the books of the Treasury under the head of
" Chippewa;-, Ottowas, and Pottawatomies, nuiS and edu-
cation,*' he chained to two sepat ate accounts to be opened
under the heads of " Pottawatomies—mills," and 44 Potta-
watomies— education and the Secretaiyof the Interior
is hereby authorized, with the consent of the Pottawato-
mie?, to transfer the «tock« charged as aforesaid to the new
heads of account in such propomons as he may deem best
for the interest of the Pottawatomies.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I propose to amend the
amendment by striking out all of it down to the
words, "provided further."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In conversation
with the gentleman from Arkansas, I think that
perhaps the latter part of the amendment might
properly be concurred in.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask to have read a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, which
shows the necessity of retaining the latter part of
the amendment.
The letter was read, as follows:
Drp ^ktmkn't of tim Inttp-ior, January 26, 18,"9.
Pin : I liav e the honor to inclose, lor your con^idei ntiun,
a copy of a communication addicted lo this Department
on the 20th instant, by the (Jommi^ionei of Indian Aftaiis,
in lelanon to the Indiana five per cent, stock held by tills
Depaitment in triw lor the Pottawatomie, and others.
In connection with this subtect, I would suggest the ex-
pediency of auttionzmg tins i)epaitment to transfer, with
the eon--cntot the Pottawatomie-., a poiuon of the milt fund
to the school account. The mill tund i  unnecessarily
lame, and the -chool fund inadequate to their wants.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
.1. THOMPSON, Scrretury.
Hon. A. 13. (Jreknwood, Chairman of the Committee on
Indian Jljjuirs. House of Rcprescntatu cs.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This is propo-
sing anew method of keeping the accounts of the
Interior Department, and 1 am not aware that any
objection exists to that.
Mr. REAGAN. I will state what the objec-
tion is. Already, by a vote ofCongtess, the in-
terest has been ordered to be paid.
] The CHAIRMAN. What amendment does
i the gentleman propose ?
| Mr. REAGAN. 1 move to strike out the first
| four lines. $
| Theie is fog thrown around this matter; and
now Congress is called upon to direct the Secre-
■ tary of the Inteuor to open separate accounts be-
j tween the fund for " mills" and the fund for
j " education." What is that for, unless it be to
1 involve the matter in further confusion?
1 This thing reminds me of an anecdote told of a
: neighbor of mine, who was notorious for never
: paying his debts, tie had been in debt to a neigh-
i bor for a long time, and had been dunned once or
; twice, and it became time for him to determine
| whether he would or would not pay the debt. lie
knew that he had the advantage; because, even if
| thoie was an execution issued, the debt could not
I have been made out of him. When he thought
i the time had come to make a final decision, he
i said, in conversation with a thiid person: "I will
! pay the debt now, if he does not make me mad;
| but if he does make me mad, I will never pay."
i It is just so with the State of Indiana.
I Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a point
I of order. The gentleman is not confining his re-
! mailts to the amendment submitted by him.
! Mr. REAGAN. I am showing that this amend-
! merit ought not to be concurred it; and I trust
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in his solicitude to involve the Treasury
in new expenditures, will not be disposed to choke
oiF light.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment to embrace so much of the Sen-
ate 's amendment as in effect to defeat it if carried.
The gentleman is speaking against the whole
amendment, and the Chair thinks he is in order.
Mr. REAGAN. It is apparent that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has determined that
this Government will have to pay not only the
interest on these bonds of Indiana, but also the
principal. All that I can do in such a case is to
enter my solemn protest against this Government
having to pay under such circumstances.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SliWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, because I think we ought to be consistent.
I was opposed to the other amendment of the
Stnate, but, inasmuch as we have agieed to pay
interest, I think we ought also to pay the princi-
pal. That is what is proposed to be done. Be-
sides, we ought to be charitable to these Indians.
Let us pay this debt for the State of Indiana; let
the papers be transferred, and let Indiana be dis-
charged from her liability.
Mr. REAGAN withdrew his amendment.
The fourth amendment of the Senate as amended
was concurred in.
Fifth amendment of the Senate:
Page 36, line eight hundred and forty-nine, after the
word "Texas," strike out the words : " and for the estab-
lishment of the reserve west of the Pecos river."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. BRYAN. I hope the House will not con-
cur in this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose any amendment?
Mr. BRYAN. Yes, sir; I move to reinsert
what the Senate has stricken out. This clause of
the bill, as it passed the House, was inserted in
conformity with the act of last session, which
provides that " the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized to accept and survey the In-
dian reservation designated by an act of the Le-
gislature of the State of Texas, approved Febru-
aiy 4, 2856, and appoint an Indian agent for said
reservation." In pursuance of that act, the Sec-
retary of the Interior has instructed the supervis-
ing agent of the State of Texas to survey this
reservation. The Senate propose, to strike out
from the House bill the Pecos reservation. It
does not at all affect the sum of money that is ap-
propriated. The sum of money that is appropri-
ated is necessary for the support of the Indiana
that have already been collected upon the reser-
vations in Texas; but it was thought that, by
economy on the pait of the supervising agent in
Texas, the initiatory steps could be taken to or-
ganize this reservation. The necessity for the
oiganization of this reservation is made apparent
by the report of the supervising agent in Texas.
He says:
'• It is believed that as soon as the reserve is opened and
settled west of the Pecos over, the mail routes now being
establifdied to the Pacific will be piotected,andthov^e loads
rendered safe for travel The depredations recently com-
mitted by the Indians upon those roads-through Texas,
have been ot a very serious chaiaeter, and have resulted in
the death of four citizens, and the loss of a large amount of
property."
Not only is it necessary for the protection of
the mail routes, but for the protection of the
emigrants to Arizona and California by those
routes. The Indians are scattered all along that
district of country, and if they are not collected
upon this reservation, they will continue to make
their depredations.
Now, it was said in the Senate, when this
amendment was adopted, that it was proposed,
not so much because this reservation was not
needed to accomplish the object designed, but that
it was the initiative step for the abrogation of the
system of reservations. If, then, the House shall
concur in it, it will be an expression of the sense
of this House that it is disposed to destroy the
reservation system. Will the House take such
action? For years it has been the policy of this
Government to collect the Indians upon reserva-
tions for the purpose of initiating them into the
arts of civilized life. Is the House willing to say
that it will abrogate entirely that policy?
Rut, sir, independent of the results of the adop-
tion of this reservation, in this particular, you
have pledged yourselves to protect the frontier
of Texas from the depredations of the Indians.
Thecommander-in-chiefofthatdepartment—Gen-
eral Twiggs—in a letter, says that he is unable
to protect that frontier on account of the insuffi-
ciency of the force at his disposal. If, then, you
cannot do it by troops, you can do it by the peace-
ful and successful method of collecting the In-
dians upon reservations. If you fail to do that
you must send more troops; and yet gentleman
here advocate retrenchment in the expenditures
of the Army. Sir, do the older States of the Con-
federacy forget that they were once on the fron-
tier; that they once had the Indians to subdue?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRYAN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of making astatement, in addition to
what my colleague has said, although, I suppose
it can hardly be necessary to make any further
aigument to show t«he justice of retaining in the
bill the clause which the Senate has stricken out,
