1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
On looking to the extent of the frontier to be
protected in Texas, it will be found to extend
over some seven or eight hundred miles. There
are two reservations on the Brazos river. The
territory which is occupied by the Indians, is a
territory'which is large enough to form a num-
ber of States as large as the State of Pennsyl-
vania. A considerable number*"of Indians, of
different tribes and different habits, but all more
or less hostile, are along that frontier. A portion
of thera, who live more immediately on the fron-
tier, and are of a more friendly and domesticated
character, have been collected together, and are
located on the lower Brazos reserve. There is
another reserve, called the Comanche reserva-
tion, upon which as many of that tribe as the
Government is able to control, have been located.
There are still other bands of Indians roaming
between the Pecos and the Rio Grande, and clear
down the line of the settlements to the mouth-of
the Rio Grande, which are not included on the
reservations; and so remote from them as to be
difficult of control by the agents on the two Bra-
zos reserves. The last Congress authorized the
^creation of an additional reservation two hundred
miles west of those between the Brazos and the
Pecos, where it was intended to concentrate the
roving bands, as far as it could be done, on the
extreme western frontier of Texas.
Now, this appropriation would enable that pol-
icy to be carried out. The amendment of the Sen-
ate does not change the amount of the appropria-
tion; but it takes away from tiie Department the
power to locate and colonize the Indians between
the Pecos and the Rio Grande. 1 trust the House
will reject the amendment of the Senate, and let
the clause stand as it went from the House. It
does not increase the expense, but will enable us
to have more control over those wild Indians. I
now withdraw my amendment.
The fifth amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
, Sixth amendment of the Senate:
Page 36, at the end of line eight hundred and fifty, add
the lullovvnig proviso:
Prori'UJ, That no part of the same shall be expended for
the establishment of a reserve west of the Pecos river.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That amendment
is, in fact, a part of the fifth amendment, which
has been non-concurred in. I presume the com-
mittee will take the same action in regard to it.
Mr. COX. I wish to offer an amendment,
for the purpose of making a statement. I move
to add the words:
Provided, That no part of the same shall be expended for
arms and munitions which may be used for any other pur-
pose than that ofhuntmg.
Mr. Chairman, when this Indian bill was b&-
fore the House, on the 6th of last month, the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] took occasion
to impeach the conduct of the former Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, Colonel Manypenny,
now a constituent of mine, and distinguished in
Ohio, as well as here, for his unflinching integrity
and careful and fearless management of public
affairs.
I deem jtdue to the late Commissioner to state,
that the charges made, involving his official con-
duct, are, as I believe, wholly unfounded. It was
charged that, after being warned by an Indian
agent, Miller, he sent arms and ammunition to
hostile Indians, which were used on the frontiers
of Texas. If this preposterous charge were true, it
would involvejeither culpable stupidity or demo-
niac malice, and the grossest malfeasance in office.
I will not credit such a charge, on even ordinary
evidence, much less on no evidence. No arms
were furnished the Indians by Commissioner
Manypenny, but for purposes of humanity; to
enable them to bring down their game, and which
he was required to furnish by treaty stipulations.
But I wished, in rising, to put upon the record
the answer of Colonel Manypenny, in his paper,
the Ohio Statesman, of which he is editor, so that
the charges of the gentleman from Missouri may
be disposed of as publicly as they were made. I
ask the Clerk to read what I have marked:
" The statement made by Mr. Blair that the Indian Agent,
Mil!*1!", wrote 10 the editor of the Statesman, when Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, not to send a supply of rifles
and ammunition to be piesenled to the Indians on tiie Santa
¥1 toad and that we insisted on that kind of presents to the
Indians' Is staph' a fabncRtion. a story without troth. We
have no recollection of tiie precise .nature of the first report
of Mr. Miller after he became the agent for the Indians Of
ArS& BUI Ws Sfe suite"! «iw ft Wifcraittiiita tlfe fall of
1856, and hence its recommendations were considered and
approved or rejected by the Indian buieau in the spring of
1857, we having resigned the office on the .31st of March of
that year. The editor of the Statesman did make a contract
for some American rifles in the fall of 1856, to be supplied
in the year 1857, to such tribes as were by treaty stipulations
entitled to arms, and whose relations were, at the tune of
distribution, of such a character as to warrant their delivery.
Had we been m the Indian office at the time, the whole
matter of the delivery would have been confided to the dis-
cretion of the superintendent of Indian affairs; and that
course was in all probability taken."
I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken on the sixth amend-
ment of the Senate, and it was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
Page 36, line eight hundred and sixty-eight, after the
word " dollars," insert as follows:
And the Commissioner of Indian Affairs is hereby au-
thorized, by, and with the consent of the Secretary of the
Interior, to increase the number of reservations for Indian
purposes in the State of California: Provided, The aggre-
gate amount of land so set apart for reservations shall not
exceed one hundred and twenty-five thousand acres.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend, by increasing
the number of acres to one hundred and fifty
thousand, and I do so in order to get from the
Committee of Ways and Means their reasons for
a non-concurrence in this amendment.
^ Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will do that
when the gentleman has concluded his remarks.
I cannot consent to be catechized, and then cut
off without explanation.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not think the gentleman
would be Afraid of so young a soldier as myself.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will withdraw his amendment, I will make the
explanation he desires.
Mr. SCOTT. I understand that the amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in by the
Committee of Ways and Means, because of the
fact that the committee was under the impression
that it would increase the expenses for Indian
affairs in California; or, in other words, that a
disposition for retrenchment induced their non-
concurrence. Now, let me explain the amend-
ment. It merely proposes that, instead of having
five reservations, there may be, in California, ten,
or fifteen, or more. That will not increase the ex-
pense. Last year,Congress appropriated $162,000
for the expenses of Indian affairs in California.
This year, though the superintendent estimated
for $250,000, the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend an appropriation of only $50,000. The
appropriations are cut down here, so far as Cali-'
fornia is concerned, some two thirds and more. In
this provision, the Secretary concurs. He says
that it will not increase the expenditures one cent,
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs says the
same thing. The Indian is like a wild deer; he
loves the land upon which he has been accus-
tomed to roam. With five reservations, we have
to drive them into correls, as it were, in order to
get them away from their old homes and into
these reservations. It will save all this expense
if the number of reservations is increased. If we
have these ten Or fifteen reservations that it is
proposed we shall, then we can have reservations
for the Indians in the lands they have been accus-
tomed to roamover. Thisamendmentisjudicious.;
and I am at a loss to know upon what good ground
the Committee of Ways and Means should non-
concur in it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will briefly state
the reasons why I, as one of the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, was in favor of
a non-concurrence. It proposes to increase the
number of Indian reservations in the State of Cal-
, ifornia. The number there is now restricted to
i five, and the gentleman has correctly stated that
' we propose to appropriate this year only the sum
of $50,000 for their support. This amendment
gives unlimited power to the Secretary of the In-
terior to create as many Indian reservations m the
State of California as he pleases. While I have
confidence in the present Secretary of the Inte-
rior, as I have also confidence in the present Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, yet I am unwilling,
when we have been condemning this system of
Indian reservations, when there was a fairly ex-
pressed opinion of the House against them the last
time the Indian appropriation bill was up before
the House for consideration; I am unwilling, I
say, to provide reservations ad libitum for the
Slats o'f C'aliib'mia.
The gentleman says why oppose the amend-
ment when it proposes no increased appropriation
for the next fiscal year? If this amendment «be
adopted it may be so executed as to require, at
the next session of Congress, an additional appro-
priation over that whici) is now made.
This amendment is urged upon another ground,
and I do not think the gentleman has made Jits
case as strong as he might have done. There" are
Indians inhabiting the public lands in California.
They have not even a usufruct title to that land.
They have not the right of possession, and the
settlers go there and dispossess them. I under-
stand the object here to be to secure these Indians
who so inhabit those lands the possession of them
until a different arrangement can be made. If you
have an increased number of reservations, you
will have necessarily to increase your agents.
You must have more mechanics and farmers afld
school-masters. All these mustadd to theexpense
of the Fndian Department in California. For that
reason, as one member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I joined in recommending non-con-
currence in this amendment.
Mr. SCOTT withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken on the seventh amend-
ment of the Senate; and it was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment of the Senate: .
Page 37, after line eight hundred and seventy-five, insert
as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of Utah, or so much thereof as may be re-
quired for expenditure during the year ending the 30th of
June, 1858, $56,599 31: Provided, however, That no pari of
this sum shall be paid until the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs shall have first audited and passed the several ac-
counts.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment of the Senate;
For defraying the expenses of the several expeditions
against Ink 'pa-du tali's hand, and m the search, ransoiu,
and recovery of the female captives taken by said band in
1857, §5,114 91, m addition to the sum of $20,000 appropri-
ated by the act of June 14,1858.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I move to amend
by increasing the appropriation one dollar. Dur-
ing the last session, Congress appropriated
$20,000 to defray the expenses of those who were
engaged in the capture and ransom of the female
captives carried away from Spirit lake, in 1857,
by Ink-pa-du-tah and his band. The Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, by virtue of the author-
ity in said appropriation vested in him, directed
the superintendent of Indian affairs for the north-
ern superintendency, to receive, examine, and ad-
just all the claims that might be presented for al-
lowance under the same. Claims to the amount of
about fifty thousand dollars were presented to him
and these he cut down to the sum of $25,114 95;
some of which, I admit, he did not regard as pro-
vided for in said appropriation. He also care-
fully examined into the justice and character of ,
the claims which were presented, and which he
subsequently allowed, cutting them down to the
lowest possible amount, yet still the sum of
$5,114 91 remains unprovided for. This amend-
ment, unanimously made by th6 Senate, was to
provide-for this deficiency.
If it was right to appropriate the $20,000 in the
first instance, it is certainly equally right to pay
and provide for this additional sum, which is a
part of a class of claims equal in justiceand merit,
and has received the scrutinizing examination ot
the superintendent, and is upon precisely the same
footing as the claims which were provided for by
the $20,000 appropriation bill of last year.
; The appropriation was originally dictated by a
( wise humanity, and the parsimony of refusing
! this amount, which is equal in merit and justice,
! cannot be excused. Whenever your armies can-
I not defend the frontier from outlaws, and the cit-
; izens are forced to protect themselves, especially
■ when their claims have undergone a rigid and
searching scrutiny, they should be paid. To show
the committee that the amounts have been passed
upon and allowed, I request that the letter which
I now send to the Clerk's desk may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Office In'ihan Affairs, February 15, Jsw-
Sir: In ansvvdr io y'oat (etl£r df yesterday, I have tn«
