1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
honor to Mate, th ret the amount reeomrnended for aHowanecs
by Superintendent W. J. Cullen to claimants under the ap-
propnauon by Congress, for expenses incurred and services
rendered by expeditions against Ink^pa-du tali's band,and
in search, ransom, and recoverv, of the female captives
taken by said band, in 1857, is £525,114 5)1:
To citizens of the State of Minnesota and the State, in-
cluding the annuity Sioux Indians §^0.277 00
To citizens of the Stale of Iowa  4,837 91
If, after the careful investigation of each uuUvirfual claim
now progressing, the Departmenuhoukl finally appiove the
aetion ot Superintendent Cullen, and Congress should de-
ride to pay in full the claims thus allowed, a furthei ap-
propriation of $5,114 PI would be necessary to enable the
IJopuiiment to cairy out such decision.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. DENVER, Commissioner,
By CHARLES, E Mi\, Chief Chikf .
lion. iV. \V. I'heu's, M. C., House of Representatives. '
Mr. CURTIS. I would say, in addition, that<
if the sum asked be not appropriated, it will be :
necessary for the whole mattei to bo iufei red back i
again to the superintendent of* Indian affairs to I
be further scaled, I think the accounts have been !
already fairly scaled, and that the amendment of |
the Senate should be concurred in. !
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to pre- >
sent to the committee the reasons which induced ;
the Committee of Ways and Means to recom- j
mend a non-concurrence jn this amendment of the [
Senate. At the last session, the gentleman from i
Minnesota offered an amendment, appropriating ,
$*30,01)0 to defray the expenses of the search for |
and ransom of some captives taken near Spirit!
hike. That amendment was agreed to, the gen- I
ticman from Minnesota saying that the sum asked ■
would he sufficient. He presented then a state-  
ment of the expenses, and the whole of them
only amounted to $14,335. '
In tie- bills that have been presented to the!
jsnpeniuendent, 1 perceive that it is proposed to l
nlhuv to those persons who turned out for the pur-
pos->of rescuing their neighbors, highei compen-
sation th.an i:i paid to the militia when called into
the rs'-iuee of the United States. :
If ihfy went out as an armed body, as a militia,
then th.-y only ought to receive the pay given to ,
lite Army. J am informed that, in son)'* way or !
othei. these claims hove accumulated to between :
fifty «ml sixty thousand dollars, i am informed
too, that there aie claims among them which
ought not to be made or allowed. These men ,
ought to lecoilect that there is something due from
riiem to the defense of their own frontier—some-
thing due to humanity, on the part of those who
w< nl to nwue their own neighbors from the In-
dians. f neheve that the matter -should be left as 1
it now stands, and a proper scaling of these ac- '
counts will be made, so that all claimants will re- '.
ceive u pro rata share of the $20,000 already ;■
iipi'iopnated.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Did the geti-
tk man from Missouii understand me as saying
at the last session that the claims then piesented
wcie the only ones outstanding?
Mi. PHELPS, of Missouri. I did not so as-
sert. I stated that the gentleman from Minnesota
then alleged that, in his opinion, $.20,000 would
be sufficient to pciy all these claims. Tin: language :
of the amendment was, <c the sum of $20,000, or so '
much thereof as may he necessary;1' clearly im-
plying that §20.000 would cover the whole. More- |
over. Mr. Chairman, i have this to say: there is |
no estimate submitted from any Department, re- :
quiring this sum to be appropriated, and it is suffi- i
uent for us to make the appropriation when, on !
examination by the proper Department, it may be j
found that there is a deficiency, and that there !
are petsons entitled, who cannot receive adequate
compensation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I want to make ;
another inquiry of the gentleman from Missouri. |:
The CHAIRMAN, iiy unanimous consent!1
of th« committee, the gentleman can make an j
inquiry. ;
All. PHELPS, of Minnesota, f would inquire j,
of the gentleman if the superintendent has notal- j
ready cut down these accounts more than one
half; and if tine reduction does not satisfy the1!
gentleman  ;
Air. LETCHER., We had better go on reg- ,■
ukirly."
The amendment of Mr. Phelps, of Minnesota, 1
was iejected.
The' ninth amendment of the Senate was non- ■
concurred in.
Tenth amendment of the Senate: '
For cairying into effect the twenty-fourth section of the ;
civil and diplomatic act of March 3, 1855, the sum of
$19,045 '9. |
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- ]
mended a non-concurrence in this amendment, j
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to amend ;
the amendment by inserting after the words ;
" fifty-five," the woids, " and alsothethird arti- !
cle of the treaty of August 6, 1846," so that it j
will read: ;
For oariying into effect the twenty fourth section of the
civil and diplomatic act of March 3, 1855, and also the third
artideot the tieaty of August G, 18-16, tliesuin of $19,015 79.
The amendment now before us passed the Sen-
ate at the last session of Congress. It was de-
bated there and fully explained.
1 may state, also, that after H was debated in
the Senate, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance [Mr. Hunter] stated to the Senate that
it was to carry out provisions of existing law,
and was, therefore, right. The treaty of 1835, :
between the Government of the United States and j
the Cherokee Indians, provided that the Govern- ;
ment should pay for all improvements made by i
the Indians on the lands of which they were dis- j
possessed. An appropriation was made to carry !
out the tieaty; but that appropriation lapsed, and !
was carried to the reserved fund. In 1840 an- j
other treaty was made with the Cherokee In-*j
dians, by which the same identical claim was .
recognized. And Congress put a provision in the j
Indian appropriation bill of 1844 to carry out the j
treaty of 1835. I have both those treaties here !
before me; and if I could get eacii member of the j
1 louse to read them, 1 apprehend that there would j
not be a single objection to thi3 appropriation. '
Those who are claiming hen; are not speculators, j
They are the Indians themselves who were dis- :
possessed of then lands. We have possession |
of those lands; and we have refused, up to this ,
time, to pay them the money that we are required ,
to pay by the treaty of 1835, by the treaty of 1846, |
and by the appropriation bill of 1844. j
The treaties provided for the payment of these i
claims, but the fund was exhausted, or had lapsed ]
by length of time, and the Indians failed to get '
their money. Commissioners were appointed and
awards were made; but because of some disagree-
ment, or some change m the administration of the
Indian depaitment, the commissioners were re-
moved, and the claims have remained, to this day,
unpaid, notwithstanding Congress has, on three
occasions, appropriated money for their payment. ,,
This amendment, then, is intended to carry out ;•
the third article of the treaty of 184b', and the six- ^
teenth article of the treaty of 1835. It passed if
the Senate unanimously last session, and came |j
to this House and was lost. The Committee of,;
Ways and Means then recommended a non-con-
emience in it, as they have done on this occasion;
but I hope the House will not do this injustice to ■,
these Indians, because the Committee of Ways I
and M nans have not investigated, the subject so ,
as tn lay it properly before the House, to enalile 1
the House to vote umlerstamlmgly. ,
Mr. PH ELPS, of Missoun. Tile amendment
now pending is to provide for the payment of.!
•some claims of certain Cherokees in she Skates of
North Carolina and Tennessee. Tliey are the |
claims of persons who were detached'from the
Indian nation, persons who refused to migrate to
the country assigned to the Cherokees west of the
Alississippi; and they appeal to lie based upon1
the following section of law passed July 31,1854: '
" jo, jhul he it further cunt ted. That, to enable the : •
tVeieUu} of the inn-riot to -.ctfle and piv the award of ;i
eonsim-^ioneis on fil" for resetvation<. preemptions, and for 11
ieni> and unpioviiiPM^. undei the twelfth, thirteenth, and '!
MUe-mf) article of tit'! Cherokee tieatvof 29th J>ecembci,
in puiMianee of the stipulations, of the thud article of ■!
the tie.ity ot Au u>: 5?, Id 16, the sum heretofoie appmpu- ■
•it«*d toi tlio--e puipuH's., and earned to tiie sinplus fund. is ,■
heiehy ieappi<>pjs.itcci j
The tlnrteerth aiticle of the Cherokee treaty '
of lfc35 would have reached the cases under con- 1
Side rat ion; but unfortunately the twelfth and thir- ; j
teenth articles of that treaty were abrogated the <
next year by another treaty, and only the six- '.
teenth article of the treaty of 1835 was left as a
fouxidation for these claims; and that article does .,
not apply to the cases under consideration, ltdoes I1
not apply to rents, preemption rights, nor im-
provements; but that sixteenth article of the ''
treaty provides that the Cherokees are to migrate ;!
withi.i a ecitam period to the country west of the 1
Mississippi, and containing some other provisions
which, in my judgment, have no bearing upon
these claims. In other words, the claims were
based upon the twelfth and thirteenth articles of
the treaty of 1835. In 1855, this provision was
passed;
" St'c. 21. Jhitisfee it further pnactrd^ That the tenth sec-
tion of the act making appropriations for the curtent and
contingent expense^ ot the Indian department, and tor ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, ap-
proved July 31, 1851, be earned into effect by paying the
valuations ascertained and reported by Messrs. Upton and
Sumtney, and other official as^essoi^, as ordered by the
commissioners under the Cherokee ttcaty of 1335 and 1S36,
with interest on said valuations, respectively, from the date
of the said commissioner' orders for assessment; and that
the fc?ectetary of the Interior be fuither directed to fill the
blanks m such award-* a-; are on Ins filps with '•nch amounts
respectively as may be established by proof of value satis-
factory to him, and pay the same."
Now, here is an appropriation in a general and
indefinite manner directing the amount to be paid
which may be found due; and I understand that,
by the action had under the legislation which I
have recited, nothing was found due, in the opin-
ion of the Indian department, to the claimants.
Now, it is again sought to revive those claims,-
which have been sought to be revived for the
last ten years, by inserting in this bill an amend-
ment for carrying into effect the twenty-fourth
section of the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill of March, 1855, by appropriating the sum of
$19,045 79. The Indians of North Carolina and
Tennessee who have chosen to remain, have had
ample provision made for them by the legislation
of Congress. They did not migrate to the coun-
try assigned to their nation west of the Missis-
sippi; and, after considerable struggle, an appro-
priation was made by which it was provided that
the same amount was to be paid—and it was
paid—to the Indians residing in the States of
North Carolina and Tennessee, who had not mi-
grated, which they would have received if they
had emigrated. Fifty-five dollars a head, I think,
has been paid, together with interest upon that
amount, so as to place them in a condition like
that of their brethren west of the Mississippi. I
am of opinion that a sufficient amount of money
has been paid to those Indians in North Carolina
and Tennessee. If they had desired to leceive the
benefits of the provisions of the act of 184G, they
could have availed themselves of it by going and
joining their nation in Arkansas. 1 look upon
this claim—if there is any which should come
here—as one which should be presented in a pri-
vate bill, and not in an appropriation bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. lean say, so far
as my district is concerned, that these Indians aie
i}S respectable citizens as any we have, and that
the very same treaty provided for them. The
money was paid to them under the treaty, and
undei the act of March, 13-14. And theappiopri-
ation having lapsed by length of time, it was ex-
tended, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
refused to allow it. It lapsed ao-am.
Mr. PHELPS, of M issouri, I do not doubt
the respectability of the Indians of North Carolina
and Tennessee; but 1 do not believe that they are
entitled to anything under the laws* upon our
statute-book.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Smith, of Tennessee; and it was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. VANCE. I move to amend by striking
out the amount appropriated, and insert §20,000.
I did not hear very distinctly what the gentle-
man from Missouri said m defense of the recom-
mendation of the Committee of Ways and Means
not to concur in this Senate amendment. But I
am at a loss to see what right we have to go be-
hind an act of Congress which has already passed,
and which is now in existence. 1 do not beheve
that this committee has a light, to inquire now
into the justness of this claim, because it has al-
ready been recognized by Congress; because it
has been recognized upon two different occasions
by both Houses of Congress, in the most solemn
manner, as the act of 1S54, which I have before
me, will show; and, as the act of 1855, making
an additional provision for the same thing, will
show. It has likewise been sanctioned by the
Senate upon two different occasions, and I under-
stand theie is now in the possession of the Com-
