1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBM.
m
mittee of Ways and Means, a letter from Com-
missioner Denver himself, showing that {he claim
is just, that it has not been paid, and that it ought
to be paid.
Viewing it, then, in the light of a claim which
is acknowledged to be just, and which the law has
provided for the payment of, is it fair, or right,
or honorable in this body to repudiateanexisting
law of Congress, and refuse to pay what wo ac-
knowledge to be just? I think there is no reason
in the world why this claim should not be paid.
It stands, by a thousand degrees, upon a better
footing than many claims of the kind which have
been presented here,"and allowed.
By unanimous consent, I now withdraw my
amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question was then put upon agreeing to
the amendment of the Senate; and it was decided
in the negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Eleventh amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the whole of section three, on page 37, as fol-
lows :
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the amounts hereby ap-
propriated for the payment of the Miamis of Kansas and
the Miami* of Indiana shall be paid m conformity to th< 
first proviso of the fiist amendment to the tourih article of
the Senate amendment to thy treaty with the Miamis of
3th June, 1834, and not otherwise . Provide !, koucver, That
no portion of the monpy hereby appropriated shall be ex-
pended m any way otherwise than as provided for m this
act.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concuirence in the amendment.
Mr. PET FIT. This section which has been
struck out by the Senate, is one in reference to
which 1 had the honor to address the House a
short time since.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order un-
less the gentleman offers an amendment, except
by general consent.
Mr. PETTIT. The question before the com-
mittee is the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that the amendment of the
Senate be concuned in, I move to change it so
that it will be a recommendation of the chairman,
of the Committee of Way aland Means; that the
Senate amendment be non-concurred m.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not strictly
in order; but the Chair will hear the gentleman,
if there be no objection.
Mr. CASE. I object, unless I can be heard in
reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no right
to recognize any agreements between gentlemen.
Mr. PETTIT. Then 1 move to strike out the
last proviso.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. As 1 understand it, the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana is to strike out a
part of the original bill which has passed from
our control.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman's motion. The Chairwould
state that the original bill has passed beyond the
power of the House to amend. The matter now
befote the committee consists only of Senate
amendments to that bill.
Mr. PETTIT. Do 1 understand my colleague
to object to my proceeding?
Mr. CASE. Not if I can have an oppoitunity
to reply.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the committee will give
my colleague an opportunity to reply.
I have asked by the amendment proposed in
the original bill, which the Senate has stricken
out, that payment of the Miami annuities shall be
made in conformity to the treaty. My colleague
replies that the amendment to that tieaty is no
treaty stipulation; thatithasnoleg.il propriety
or force, i answer the gentleman that the very
clause of this bill reported here by the chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee, and con-
curred in by the action of the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate, in which they recognize the
stipulation of the treaty 
Mr. NIBLACK asked a question which was
not heaid by the reporter.
Mr. PETTIT. I will reply to my colleague.
I was proceeding to say, when interrupted, that
this is a treaty which has been recognized by this
House as such, and which has been recognized by
the Senate as such. Here is the third section for
an investment of $020,251 86 at five per centum.
Again, sir, in the argument of my colleague
there was a position taken by him that this cor-
rected list, as it has been called—this list of two
hundred persons, which did not comprehend the
sixty-eight persons which have been referred to
—was, by a fraud of the Miamis of Indiana, im-
posed upon the Senate. This is a fiction al-
together. That list of two hundred and two per-
sons was made in June, and is cotemporaneous
with the original treaty. It was made by the Mi-
amis both east and west, for the purpose that
there might be a capitalization of the annuities of
the tribe. In the first place, these sixty-eight
persons have, by force of that proposition sur-
reptitiously put upon that bill in the Senate last
year, drawn $34,0U0 of money which ought to
have been given to support and civilize the tribe
in Indiana. They have got from the western In-
diau^ thirteen thousand six hundred acres of
land. Now, what is this eleventh section ? It
simply provides, that instead of paying so much a
yej*r, there should be a capitalization. Itis simply
an operation by which these sixty-eight persons
may come in and take their part of the $222,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CASE obtained the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague says that this
amendment was surreptitiously imposed upon the
Senate. Now, what does he mean by that?
Mr. PETTIT. I will answer what I mean by it.
Mr. CASE. If it comes out of my time, I can-
not yield. This amendment was proposed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. The
report of the Indian department was sent there,
containing a full statement of all the testimony in
the case. They thoroughly investigated it. That
report was submitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means in this House. And let me say that
the legislation of last year was the result of no
surreptitious movement, but was passed after a
fair and candid investigation of the whole matter
by the proper committees. Now, my colleague
says that this coirectcd list was made in June,
1854. I know that was the time when the chief
men, as they call them, from the Stare of Indiana,
were here and insisted it should be done. Com-
missioner Manypenny signed a treaty, and when
the head men went home and found that they would
be overwhelmed by the testimony that was being
taken, they returned here and got an amendment
adopted by the Senate. The records of the Indian
department will show it. It was a fraud upon
these men, as well as the Senate. I can show my
colleague the letter received from them by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, at the time they
were taking the testimony which has been smce
filed, but by some means has got off the files of
he Department, and only copies can be found
there. If he will examine, he will find this letter
in the Indian Oltice, and he will find that the tes-
timony taken at Fort Wayne, in July, 1856, was
not filed here until the 12th of August, eight days
after this amendment was adopted. It was sent
here by the justice who took the testimony.
As to the eleventh aiticie of the treaty, there is
nothing about capitalization in it. Here it is:
* Art. 11. Tin; object of tin-- j<i-t> unu'-nt bein« to ad-
vance tho^nrrte.-ts of said Indians? it is agreed, if it proves
ni-nrticient, from causes which cannot now lie loreseen, to
cited thesre eiuU, that th; I'ii.'Miient may, bv and With the
consent of the Senate, adopt Mich policy m the management
of then attain a^, m !ih pid^inem, may he mo-t beneficial
to them ; or Cou£ie- s may hereaiter make ftich provisions
by law as experience *iiail prove iit'oo-^aiy."
Expedience shows that there has been fraud
upon the rights of men who were as much en-
titled as those now upon the list; and, as we are,
told, that Congress has no power to correct this
imposition Again, sir. the gentleman alludes to
the amount of money they have drawn. They
have drawn no more than was their due. By the
amendment on which my colleague relies, the
Griggs family was restoied to the list, and some
seven or eight thousand dollars paid to them m
the shape of back annuities; and yet the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, in his lengthy report, puts
these sixty-eight persons on the same footing, as
to blood, with the Gnggs family. All I insist on
is, that the same measure of justice shall be dealt
out to all who are equally entitled.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Pettit; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I propose, before
the question i* taken on the amendment of the
Senate, to amend thfe part prorated to be str&ketv
out by adding" to the same: * " v*
Provided, There be j>ar4 to the Indians the spmof$lj0O0^
tn be paid-to th« Miaifti fijdktiis who are not irieluded in the
list appended to the treaty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers the
original matter of the bilhas-rtot before' the com-
mitteefor thepurpose of amendment. TheHmise
having agreed to the matter in the bill As it went
to the Serrat6,*it k not within thepoHv^ ofHni
House, now, to change that matter In %ny
spect. Unless there be objection, however,'tfa#
Chair will indulge the gentleman m his.retfiafks:*
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I offer-the &m£^d-
ment for that purpose, merely. I wi§h to mafte
an observation on the matter before the com tote
tee,in which I think injustice is likely to be doneu
The effect of the amendment of my friend from
Indiana, which was stricken out'in the Senate,
is, to take from one set of men a portion of money
which we have stipulated to pay them, and to
pay that money to another set-of men, who clain?
to be equally entitled to it. The facts, 1 behevfej
are about these: there was, first of all, a list of
the Miamis made; then there was a treaty made
with them, and ratified by the Senate; it was not
made with the nation ol the Miamis, by that
name; it was notfor thegeneral ben-efitof ail Who
claim to be of the Miami nation; it was only for
the benefit of the persons whose names' were
specified on the corrected list, and of those whom
the Miami nation might thereafter see fit to &d-
mit; the language of the treaty refers to' a list
containing the name of'every person that was
intended to be a beneficiary under the treaty. *
Mr. CASE. There was nothing said of a list
in the original treaty, nor is one referred to at all
in it. That was an afterthought.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is impossible
that there can be a question about it, since the
amendment of the treaty refers to the corrected
list.
Mr. CASE. That is just what I say; that
this was an afterthought.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The parties to this
treaty must have known to what they referred;
and if the Government of the United States, hav-
ing their officers to ascertain who the persons
were, have allowed themselves to be cheated, now
and here is not the time or place to correct that.
They refer to a corrected list. There is no ques-
tion about the identity of this document as the
one to which the parties who made the treaty,
referred. That is the only question that can be
raised here. If it is true that the corrected list'
was known to the parties who made the treaty,
and is thedocumentreferred to by the treaty,then,
no matter by what fraud names may have been
excluded from that list, I take it that the United
States are not going to set up the plea that they
have been cheated, for the purpose of withdraw-
ing themselves from the payment of money which
they have stipulated to pay. For-, Mr. Chair-
man, there may be? persons who are entitled to
come within the equity of the treaty, who are
still not included in it. That addresses itself to
the equity of the President and of the Senate—to
make a new treaty with them, paying them an
additional sum. There is no doubt that this treaty
stipulates that the parties named in that corrected
list should receive this amount of money, and so
long as that treaty remains unabrogated, it is bind-
ing on the faith and honor of the Government to
pay them this sum, and not to share it with per-
sons whose names do notappearin the corrected
list. We are merely taking this money*from these
Indians to pay it toothers who are not within the
purview of the treaty. If we wish to pay these
other Miamis, let us do so. If they have been
fraudulently exuded from the list, 1 will vote to
place them on the list and to pay them their pro
rata, in proportion to otheis. But I will not vote
to take part of the money stipulated to be paid to
others, to pay it to these. It would be taking
money out of one man's pocket to put it into an-
other man V
Mr. CASE. The simple reply to what the gen-
tleman from Maryland has said, is, that the treaty
which was framed between the tribe and the Uni-
ted States was a treaty by which these moneys
were to be paid to the whole tribe, and not to any
particular portion of it. That is the thing that
is dodged all the while. This was an after oper-
ation, when the chiefs were gone home, and when
