1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
even the head men of the Indiana Miamis were not
here. This amendment referring to the amended
list, was got up after that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is it not signed on
the part of the United States ?
Mr. CASE.* No, sir; it is a simple proposition
of the Senate by which they say it shall be a part
of the treaty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The name of Frank-
lin Pierce is to the bottom of it. It was passed
by the Senate, and under it we are bound to pay
that money If we wish to pay the others also, we
'must make another treaty.
Mr. CASE. Then we have the power to cheat
two thirds of the tribe. 1 do not understand the
gentleman's argument. If we are bound by the
faith of the treaty, let us have the treaty that was
signed by the chiefs and head men of the tribe.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I say that the Uni-
ted States knew what they were about. They
are bound to pay these men named in the treaty
the whole sum; and if others have been'excluded,
and the United States have made an improvi-
dent treaty, they must go on and make another
treaty.
Mr. CASE. Again I say that they never agreed
in this treaty to pay anything to any portion of
the tribe, but they agreed to pay to the whole
tribe.
Mr. NIBLACK. There was no mutuality in
this agreement. I wish to say here, on the au-
thority of a gentleman who was a Senator of the
United States at that time, and who was familiar
with the whole transaction, and gave it particular
attention, that there was no amended list before
the Senate at the time of the ratification of the
treaty; and if the Senate had been aware that the
aim was, under cover of a treaty, to cut oil' a por-
tion of ihe tribe, the treaty would never have been
ratified.
Mr. PETTIT. I would like to ask my col-
league for the name of that Senator?
Mr. CASE. I give this reply to the whole of
it, that after the time when the alleged corrected
list was made out, the Indian department was
taking testimony as to the rights of these persons,
or some of them; and therefore there was no final
and conclusive list at the time the treaty was
made.
Mr. PETTIT. Will my colleague allow mo to
correet him there ?
Mr. CASE. 1 cannot be corrected as to that,
because I have investigated the facts and know
them. The records of the Department, will show
it. Therefore there is no violation of the treaty.
But in addition to all that, if there were ever so
many allegations that the tieaty stipulations were
infringed, there is the provision by which we may
do simple justice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The treaty reads:
u The Miami* ot Indiana hemic now represented in Wash-
ington by a fully authoii/ed deputation, rind having roeog
nizeil tiie foregoing amendment*."
Where will the gentleman-put the falsification
there: on the Indians, the President, or the Senate?
Mr. CASE. I know that the statement is there;
but the evidence is that the chiefs and head men
had gone home, and that the department was
taking testimony as to whether these men were
entitled or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that this debate had been indulged by general con-
sent, there being no amendment pending. If no
objection be made to further debate, thy Cluur is
willing to indulge it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair'will state that
this is an amendment from the Senate, striking
out matter which was m the bill as it went from
the House; and under the thirty-fourth rule of the
House, which allows five minutes debate upon
amendmci^,s, no discussion is in order. There is
nothing before the committee that can be amended,
and the vote must bo taken on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. Can it not be amended?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
Senate proposes to strike matter from the original
bill, and there is nothing, m the opinion of the
Chair, before the committee that can be amended.
Mr. LETCHER. Why, sir, it was decided
here in the last Congress, that we could concur in
an amendment of the Senate with an amuidmem.
Thfu CHAIRMAN. In anv other ease.
Mr. LETCHER. Will .the Chair indulge me?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to state my point
of order preparatory to taking an appeal, and I
presume the committee will allow me to do that
at least. Suppose the Senate sends here an amend-
ment which involves two propositions, and the
House is satisfied that one part of it is right and
the other is wrong; now, can it be possible that
the House has no power to affirm what is right,
and reject what is wrong in the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. In reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, the Chair would state that that has
already Seen done to-day. One amendment has
been amended already by striking from it half
the matter which the Senate sent to the House,
and the balance has been concurred in; and there-
by the committee concurred in the amendment of
the Senate with an amendment. And that is the
every-day practice. But there is nothing tow
before the committee which can be altered or
amended, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I ask the unanim'bus
consent of the committee to allow me to refer to
a clause in this treaty, which shows that one
branch of these Indians were never legally rep-
resented in any treaty at all; the very branch now
complaining.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask if there is
anything before the committee?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Is debate in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not. If
objection be made, the Chair will rule that debate
is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any objection?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. LETCHER. The proposition of the Sen-
ate is, to strike out something. Cannot I move
to insert in lieu of that?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, sir, from that decis-
ion of the Chair I beg leave respectfully to take
an appeal.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest to the
gentleman from Virginia that he should let us
take a vote on the amendment. The gentlemen
from Indiana have discussed the question fully.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; there is a clause in
this treaty that I want to get before the commit-
tee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate has stricken
out a portion of the text of the bill as it passed
the House, and have inserted nothing in place of
it. The gentleman from Virginia proposes now
to amend that amendment by inserting matter in
the place of what the Senate has stricken out.
The Chair decides that the amendment is not in
order, and from that decision the gentleman from
Virginia appeals.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair. Suppose this committee
should iu.seit something in lieu of what the Sen-
ate proposes to strike out, and should then agree
to the amendment of the Senate striking out the
whole clause: would it not all go together?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, but my friend from
Tennessee has got behind the point. The ques-
tion is whether it is in order to move to put any-
thing in i
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I demand tellers
on the appeal.
TeUersvwere ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and John* Cochrani: were appointed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Oh, let us try
and finish this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If there is a
quorum here, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew the
motion.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, and Jones of Pennsylvania, were
appom ted.
Thecommitteedivided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resuuH d the chair, Mr. Houston reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Uniu'n generally)
and particularly the bill of the House, (No. 664,)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30,1860, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
ARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL.
Mr. MILES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the committee on the arrangement
of the Hall may be permitted to have their report
printed. We propose no change this session.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the gentle-
man from New York to waive that motion for a
few moments, to enable the Chair to lay before
the House certain executive communications.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I waive it for
that purpose.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Attorney General,
in reply to the resolution of the House of the 22d
ultimo, requesting the President of the United
States " to report to the House what information
has been received by him, if any, in regard to the
recent importation of Africans into the State of
Georgia, or any other State of this Union, and
what steps have been taken to bring to trial and
punishment the persons engaged in that inhuman
violation of the laws of the United States, and to
prevent similar violations hereafter;" which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State,
with accompanying papers, in answer to the res-
olution of the House, requesting the communica-
tion of all information and correspondence which
may have been received in regard to any consular
officers'engaged in business in violation of law;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered^to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
giving the names of the clerks employed in the
Navy Department during the year 1858; which
was laid upon the tabic, and ordered k> be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting the annual report of passengers arriving
in the United States; which was laid upon the
tabic, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, calling for information respecting the
expcndituies for barracks and quarters for the
past ten years.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As that is a
voluminous document, I think it had better be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
before it is ordered to be printed, in order that
they may examine it, and see if it is advisable to
print it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am confident that is a
document which the House desires to see. I
knowthe natureof its contents; and I hopeit will
be referred, and printed.
The communication was accordingly referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, m reply to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives requesting an explanation of non-
compliance with a joint resolution of May 14,
1856, relative to statistics on the coast trade; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
.communication fiom the Secretary of the Navy,
1 transmitting copies of the Naval Register fur the
use of members of the House of Representatives;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Interior Department,
asking an appropriation to take the census of the
peujflc of Kansas; wh&h was referred to tht? Com-
