1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mm
That amendment speaks for itself. It puts a
limitation on the salary of the consul general. •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. These are all of the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLAY. I move to strike out^f seventy-
five," in the ninety-third line of the 5th page.
The clause is thus:
" To enable the President of the United States to carry
into effect the act of Congress of the 3d March, 1819, and
any subsequent acts now in force for the suppression of the
slave trade, §75.000 ; Provided, That so much of said ap-
propriation as may be required to pay expenses already in-
curred may be used fiom and after the passage of this act."
If I understand the meaning of that appropria-
tion, §45,000 is for the support of the fleet which
is stationed, in pursuance of our treaties and laws,
upon the coast of Africa, for the suppression of
the slave trade; but §30,000 of that amount is for
the support, maintenance, and education of the
Echo Africans that were recaptured and carried
from the United States by a Government vessel.
I do not know any authority, either constitutional
or legal, to warrant this appropriation. 1 know
of no reason for it whatever, unless it is said to
be one of humanity; and I do not think that, when
properly investigated, it can even find any war-
rant in pure humanity.
Now, sir, this is a power which has been greatly
abused. It is not, perhaps, known to the coun-
try at large, but of which they should be adver-
tised, that every recaptured African which has
been carried by the United States to Liberia, has
cost this Government $1,018. 1 mean $1,018 for
support and maintenance, and perhaps the educa-
tion of the African after his recapture. This
abuse was brought to the attention of Congress,
many years ago, during the administration of
General Jackson, i find that, in a report which
was made by the Secretary of the Navy, at that
time, (Governor Branch, of North Carolina,) he
speaks as follows:
" The accompanying report of the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury, maiked K, shows the several sums which have
been paid m earning into effect the act of Jd March, J819,
and othei acts making appropnation for supporting and re-
moving certain peis-ons of color from the United States to
the coast of Africa. Jt appears from tins statement, that,
under authority of these acts, two hundred and fifty two
persons of tins descnption have been icmoved to the settle-
ment piovided by the Colonization Society on the coast of
Africa; and that there has been expended therefor the sum
of $261,710.
" These .seveial acts appear to have been passed in a spirit
of justice and benevolence, to repair, as faras possible, the
jrijunes inflicted by the citizens of the United States upon
the defenseless persons who are the subjects of the Afi ican
biave trade; ami the appropnations have been made with a
liberality corresponding with the humane intentions of the
fiamcis of the laws.
"The terms of thc«e acN are sufficiently defined to be
readtiy nitcliimble. It would seem that the authority given
to the*President was limited to the support of the negroes
or persona of color duiing their stav m the United Slates,
to their removal to the coast of Atuea, and to the delivery
of them to the care of an agent, &e. There is no power
expressly in the Executive to piovide, after such delivery,
either for tht-ir s-uppuit oi pioteetion. A liberal interpola-
tion of the law might peimit some allowance to be made
toi then maintenance, alter being landed, until they could
find emplojment by which it might be earned. 13ut this,
even, would he authority (mm inference only, and should
bo cautiously exercised.
'* The piacttce has been to furnish tiicse persons with pro-
visions loi a period of tune, alter being landed m Alnca,
varjing fiom six mouths to one yeat; to piovide them with
houses, aims, and ammunition ; to pay for the erection of
jollifications ; for the huiidmsio! vessels for then u e ; and.
m siioit. to lender all the aid inquired for the founding and
suppoit of a colonial establishment.
'•The latitudmotis interp^tauon of the law has resulted
in the heavy expemluuic-s detailed in the annexed icpoit.
Understanding the law in the limited acceptation iepre-
sented above, it will in futme be executed accordingly, and
eveiy effort made by the fieparim>'nt to confine the appli-
cation of thu fund within the pale of its provisions."'
Thus, sir, I find that in 1830 the Secretary of
the Navy spoke of the abuses which had been
practiced under the law without even any color of
authority, as it seems to me, and pledged himself
that in the future they should be corrected. IIow
far the law has been transcended since, I do not
know, except in the single instance now brought
under consideration. But the law under which
this liberal and munificent provision is proposed
to be made, is in these words:
" Set. '2. U/wither enacted. That the President of
the United States be. and he is hereby, authonzed to make
such regulations and at langenieuts as he may deem expe-
dient lor the sate-kcepim:, support,and ieino\al bejond the
imiu> ot the UmU'd tnate-, ui all miUi ncgio^, mulattos,
or peis-ons of color, as may be so delivered and biought
wiimn their jurisdiction; and to appoint a pioper peison or
pei^ons, i endingupou the coast ot Aiiica, as agent or agents
tbi receiving the negroes, mulattoe-s, or per-onsj of coiot
delivered from on board vessels seized in the prosecution of
the slave trade, by commanders of the United States armed
vessels."
This needs no comment whatever. It speaks
for itself. It provides that the President shall
have power to support and maintain them until
their removal beyond the limits of the United
States, and their delivery to an agent. It cer-
tainly does not authorize his support and main-
tenance of them after their arrival in Africa. If
it can be maintained that he can support, main-
tain, and educate them for a year, he may do it for
an indefinite period, through their whole lives. I
think it is a gross innovation, that it is violating
that provision of the Constitution which denies
to the executive officers of this Crovernment the
right to expend the public moneys withoutan ap-
propriation made by law.
1 said I did not think that, even on the score of
humanity, it could be sustained. The statistics
of that colony, and the whole history of it from
its foundation, in 1820, up to the present time,
sustain me in that assertion. The picture of the
miserable decadence of the colonies of England,
France, and Spain, in the West Indies, wherever
the negroes had been manumitted, which was
diawn by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Ben-
jamin] the other day, is but a fair picture of the
colony of Liberia. Although upwards of eleven
thousand negroes have been transported there
from the United States, it appears thatat this day
there are but little over eight thousand colonists.
Notwithstanding the increase by birth, and by
importation from the United States, they have not
been able even to keep up with the number im-
ported; but they have declined, and are reduced
to a little over eight thousand inhabitants. The
picture of their habits corresponds exactly with
that which was drawn by the Senator f^om Loui-
siana, of the free negroes in the West Indies.
They are represented as being lazy, unthrifty, and
vicious. Hence I say that, even on the score of
humanity, I do hot think this appropriation could
be maintained. I do not pretend to impeach the
motives of the President in expending this money;
I am willing to grant that he was prompted by
humane motifs, by philanthropic motives; but
I think it is an appropriation unwarranted by
law, and I am not willing to vote for it; and hence
1 shall vote to strike out the clause.
i\Jr. BROWN. I shall vote for the motion
made by the Senator from Alabama, and I desire
to state very briefly the reasons why I shall do
so. Only a few days ago we were debating here
a proposition to establish agricultural colleges in
the States of the Union; and Senators on this
side of the Chamber, almost every one of them,
took the ground that we had no power under the
Constitution to do it. I did not quite agree with
their arguments. I think my friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who reported this item,
was pretty clearly of opinion that we had no
right to vote even land toedueate onr own people
in the art or science of agriculture; and if we
have not, I want to know where we get the power
to vote money from the Treasury to feed and
clothe and educate wild Africans in Liberia. I
do not care whether the point taken by the Sena-
tor from Alabama is well taken or not, whether
the appropriation is covered by the lav/ as it now
stands or not. If there be justification found in
the law, then I take the ground that the law itself
is violative of the Constitution, and ought not to
be obeyed. Better that the committee had reported
a bill to repeal the law, than report an item to
carry out a law which cannot be sustained by an
argument founded on the Constitution.
If this were a proposition to appropriate $75,000
to feed and clothe and educate the orphans of
Washington city, gentlemen would turn up their
eyes in horror, and say, " there is no warrant in
the Constitution for such an appiopnatiun;" and
their honor would be still more increased if it
were a proposition to vote this amount of money
to feed and clothe and educate the pauper children
of New York, or any other city in the Union;
and yet wild Afncansnro taken under the cspecial
guardianship of Congress, sent to a foreign coun-
try, and theie maintained at the expense of the
Federal Government. The President, speaking
of this subject, in his annual message, says:
•'* Whcie to send them, was the quotum. Theie was no
portion of the u>a-t of Afnea to which they could b? re-
turned, with any r« gaid to humanity. except Libeaa.'5
If that is true—and doubtless the Piesident
thought so, or he would not have said it—then 1
hold that it was an act of humanity to bring them'
out of the country. If it would have been an ae£
of inhumanity to take them back to the country
from which they were brought, must it not, ne-
cessarily, have been humane to bring them away,
from .there? Why, sir, if they were to be re-
turned at all, humanity would seem to dictate,
that they were to be carried back to the place from
whence**they were brought; that tfrat portion of
the coast of Africa on which tlj.ey were seized
should be sought ov^, and they r§t,urne.d to theig
kindred and their homes and their families,. Oije
would suppose, after all the outbursts of virtuous
indignation we have heard over the taansaction
about these people having been kidnappea and torn
away from their homes, that their kindred woutd
have stood upon the shores with outstretched
arms, to welcome them, back again to the bosom
of their families. Not so, it seems. The Pres-
ident says it would bave been an act of inhu-
manity to return them to the place from whigh
tfyey were brought. Why? Because, I dare say,
if all the facts were developed, it would turn out
that these people, instead of being kidnapped
freemen, were ransomed slaves and convicts. In
the predatory wars which are constantly being
carried on in that country, they had been^made
prisoners, reduced to slavery, and, being unprof-
itable, were about to be put to the sword, to get
clear of the expense of keeping them; and the
people who sold them to the captain or crew of
the Echo would not receive them back, except to
put them to death. .Therefore it was that it waav
an act of inhumanity to return them to their
homes. #
I repeat again, sir, if it were inhuman to take
them back, it was humane to bring them away.
The only inhumanity inflicted upon them at all,
was by the action of your Government. They
would have been delighted to remain in our coun-
try. Slavery here is better than that sort of free-
dom which they enjoyed at home. They were
not allowed to do it. They were seized, put on
shipboard, sent out of the country. Now we
are asked to foot the bill; to do it without even
the shadow of authority under the Constitution
I demand again to know upon what clause of the
C onstitution this appi opriation is based ? I think
you can make a pretty fair case if you simply
look to the law. I would repeal the law, repeal
it instantly, as not based upon the Constitution
which we are sworn to support.
For these reasons, I shall vote for the motion
made by my friend from Alabama to strike this
item from the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If gentlemen admit that it is
a constitutional la'w to be carried out, 1 do not see
how any objection can be made to this item in
the appropriation bill which is designed for the
purpose of carrying out the law. The item in
the appropriation bill is designed to provide for
the bounties to which, under the law, the officers
and crew of the ship captui ing them were entitled,
and also to carry out the contract with the Colo-
nization Society for the support, maintenance, and
education of .those negroes for a year, and here
are the clauses under which the President acted.
The second section of the act of March 3, 1811),
prohibiting the slave trade, reads thus:
"Sec. 2. slndbcit further enaclcd, I hat the Piesident of
the United States be, and he is heieby, authonzed to make
such icjiulatioius and airangemtnts as lie may deem expe-
dient for the safe-keeping, support,and iemo\ai beyond tiio
limits of the United States, ot all such negroes, mulattoes,
or persons ot (olor, as may be so deliveied and biought
u ithin their jun -diction ; and to appoint a proper pen-on or
persons, residing upon the co.isi of Ahica, a>> agent oi amenta
lor receiving the negioe , muhUtoes, or per&ons ot colot,
deliveied Horn on bo.ud ve&sHs &ejzed in the piosccutiou
of the slave trade by commanders of the United States
armed vessels.
It is obvious from this that the Piesident was
bound to remove the negroes; and, although I do
not pretend to affirm that there is any authority
in the Constitution to-allow the Piesident to es-
tablish a permanent school for the education of
Africans, or anybody else, abroad, or to allow
this Government to do it, yet I maintain that, if
the act suppressing the slave trade be constitu-
tional, there must be some power to provide means
of takingcaie of these people after they are seized.
What is he to do? Is he to turn them loose on
the shores to starve? No one would pretend that
lie must do that. Every one must maintain that
it was a duty incumbent-on the Government
