1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
which seized them, to give them for a time a rem- '
porary suppoit. As I undeisfand it, tins is the
whole object of the act of the President, for which j
he desires this appropriation. He was bound ,
to send them out under this law; and, sending j
them out, the law allowed him to make such pro- ;
vision for their support and maintenance as might I
be necessary. The limit of course is, that it must 1
be temporaryAs to a permanent provision, I j
admit there is no constitutional authority for that; '
but there is as much authority for maintaining !
them for a year, as there wotild be to give them j
a day's support, when you turn them loose on j
the shores. If the law be constitutional which \
prohibits J&e African slave trade, there mustcer- !
tainly be power to provide the means to discharge j
that duty with humanity.
So far as the contract for education is con- j
cerned, I believe, I am informed indeed, it was put |
in ex gratia by the Colonization Society. It is a i
philanthropic society, and would have done it at I
any rate. The $30,000 were given for the support.
J3ut suppose it "were for the education in useful
arts of the negroes for a year: it was only as a
means to enable them to take care of themselves
—to live after they were turned loose. As to re- j
storing them to their homes, nobody knew were j
they were. It might have required them to go j
into the interior of Africa, to places which have <
not been explored. The law, therefore, seeks only 1
to provide that they shall be sent somewhere on 1
the coast; and it has given the President a sort of j
discretionary authority in regard to the place, j
These cases occur but rarely.* There are no par- i
tieular limitations in the law. It may notbe care- •
fully guarded. I do not thmk, though, in this
instance, that there has been any departure from ;
what might safely be authorized to be done m :
order to carry out the law; a contract for a single
year for their support, that they may learn to 1
support themselves before they are turned loose, j
I see no constitutional objection to it; and, cer- ;
tainly, there is nothing in tins law to ptevent. his 1
exercising such a power. Indeed, he did it to
carry out the law. j
"Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I wish to ask
whether this money has been paid or not; whether
the money has been expended; or whether it is J
yet to be paid out of the Treasury ? I
Mr. HuNTDR, There is a contract with the I
Cojomzation Society. I do not know whether it
has been paid or not. I suppose not; but i can-
not say as to that. The other portion is under,
the thiid section of the law of 1819, which allows 1
bounty to the officers and crew of the vessel .
making the capture. '
Mr. SEWARD. If the money should notbe j
appropriated, will the contract fail? 1
Mr. HUNTER. If the money should not be |
appiopnatcd, the President would not have the i
means of carrying out t he contract, certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Who made the contract?
The President and the Col-
Mr. HUNTER,
omzation Society.
Mr. SEWARD.
Government ?
Mr. HUNTER.
By whom on the part of the
By the State Department,
under the authority of the President.
Mr. SEWARD. Then the whole question is,
whether the money shall be paid by the United
States, or by the Piesident, out of his private es-
tate. It has been a contract made in good faith.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I look, Mr."President,
before long, to see the ground taken thatany laws
for the suppression of the slave trade ate uncon-
stitutional. Certainly it would be as reasonable
to say so, as to say that this act, performed by the
Piesident. under the authority of the law framed
for that purpose, and which is very clearly de-
signed to carry out that purpose, and m a degree
necessary to that end, is of itself unconstitutional;
unless it be that the Senator fiom Alabama takes
it for granted that anything which goes for the
education of anybody, white or black, anywhere,
is necessarily unconstitutional—and I do not know
but it would be as reasonable to contend for that—
that we have nothing to do with anything that by
any possibilny may operate for the improvement
of anybody in this country, or out of u.
Sir, the act gives the bioadeat discretion to the
President on the subject. It is at his discretion
to make provision, such he? may deem neces-
sary, for the removal of persons who have been
stolen from the coast of Africa and brought here.
There is nothing, in this contract which he has
made, that is not calculated, specifically, to ac-
complish that purpose. To be sure, there is intro-
duced into this contract a provision that a certain
sum of money shall be paid for the removal, sup-
port, and education. How much of the $30,QUO
goes to the education, how much to the removal,
and how much to the support, does not appear.
It is to be pi esumed that the removal of this large
number of persons, and their support for the year,
would include the largest part of the sum. It is
not, probably, intended to take them and send
them to school, to be educated in the humanities,
particulaily, in that period, for it is not to be pre-
sumed any great"progress would be made. Ed-
ucation, in the sense in which the term is here
used, would rather be considered the beneficial
employmentofthem in such manneras would tend
to their advantage during thatpeiiod of time; but
the Senator from-Alabama goes for stiiking out
the whole of it. He would not only strike out
so much as might, by possibility, be appropriated
in that way, but also for the removal.
Mr. CLAY". My purpose was, if the motion
prevailed, to move to insert $45,000. I only
meant to strike out the $30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thirty thousand dollars
is the amount appropriated for removal, support,
and education.
Mr. CLAY. Thirty thousand dollars, as I
understand, is what the President has contracted
to pay the Colonization Society for the support
of these people for one year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly. The Coloni-
zation Society removed them. The Colonization
Society supports them. The Colonization Soet 
ety, as I understand, does the wlvole thing. It is
not education alone. The §45,000 is for another
purpose. It is for remunerating expenses; for
prize-money that is due, &c The $30,000, I un-
derstand, comprehends the whole sum paid in
iluscrtMe,
Mr. CLAY. The Senator is mistaken. The
$45,000 covers the prize-money, and the $30,000
is what is paid for the support of these Africans
after their lemoval and delivery to^he agent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. liy whom were they re-
moved 3
Mr. CLAY. By the United States, in a United
States vessel, not in a private vessel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is appropriated
for their support. He would strike out the ap-
propriation lor the support. Then, what is the
argument? That the Piesident should return them
to their country simply; and that is the last of it.
The Senator from Mississippi ai gues that the law
means that they shall simply be dropped there,
or returned to the place from which they were
taken. Well, they were taken from the slave bar-
racoons on the coast of Africa, from the slave
traders. Should they be returned to the traders?
Is that the argument? that we should hunt up
those who originally, by force, fraud, violence,
and outrage, got possession of their persons, and
made sale of them, and return them to the origin-
al owners who sold them once, in order that they
might sell them again? Is that the argument:
or, if it is not, is it argued that you must go on
an exploring expedition through Africa to see
where these men came from, and return each one
of them to his original place ? In that case, I sup-
pose the expenditure would be very much larger
than the small sum that is appropriated for their
support during the year.
The Senator from Mississippi seems to sup-
pose, in his argument, that the objectionable part
of this, the unconstitutional part, is, that they aie
returned to a place where they can be taken care
of. If they were only returned to barbarism on
the coastof Africa, it would be well enough. The
provision being that they shall be returned to
their homes, the argument is, that you must put
them in as bad a shape as you can after you get
them there. I think this is running this slavery
matter into the ground; carrying it to a point
which does not recommend it to the good feeling
or the good sense of anybody, anywhere.
The President has exhibited a touch of human-
ity. It seems to be his misfortune that when he
does light upon an idea that will uo him credit,
his friends on the other side of the House get up
and quarrel with him. Under this particular pro-
vision of law which grants him discretionary
power to return these persons, all he does is to
put them back on that coast, and put them in a
condition where they may be able—in some de-
gree prepared afler the outrage that has been per-
petrated on them—to meet the contingencies of
their situation away from their homes. Should
he put theqg back suddenly and at once upon the
coast, and leave them to take care of themselves,
though they might be in a strange place, among
hostile people, or return them to the barracoons
from whence they were taken and sold, would
that be creditable to this country in the eyes of
civilization, especially when the power is granted,
the discretion is broad, to do what the President
may think to be necessary? Certainly he has
done little enough; and unless the Senators'hold
that it is unconstitutional for him,under the law,
to take one step in regard to their support for any
time at all, his power is limited only by his dis-
cietion.
As was well said-by the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee, who reported this bill, if you
may provide for their support for a day, you may
provide for their support for a year. The question
then comes up, whether the President has exer-
cised his discretion unreasonably? whether, in
providing for their support for a year, he has
done anything more than the nature of the case
demanded ? If he has done it, it is an exercise of
the discretion gianted him by the law; and if he
has overstepped that, certainly the proper mode
is not to refuse to carry out the con tract which he
has made, and which is m the process of execu-
tion at the present time, but to limit the operation
of the law itself specifically. The thing is done;
and I hope the Senators will be willing to sustain
their President in one thing, at least, which has a
show of humanity about it. '
Mr. CLAY, l have only a few words to say
in reply to the Senator from Maine. I did not
enter upon the constitutional question; yet I might
well maintain that there is no constitutional power
vested in the Piesident, or in the President and
Congress combined, to educate any portion of the
people of the United States. I doubt whether the
Senator would have supported the bill for which
hf  voted, and which passed the Senate the other
day, for the endowment, support, and mainten-
ance of agricultural colleges within the States, if it
proposed to appropriate the public money for that
purpose. But the President certainly has no other
power in respect to this question than is given
him by the law under which he acted; and taking
that jaw up, I repeat that there is no sort of soph-
istry, no sort, of vei bai legei demain, by which the
power given him under that act can be twisted and
stretched into the extent of power which has been
exercised. The language of the act is plain and
distinct. It declares that he may make such reg-
ulations and ariangements as he may deem ex-
pedient for the safe-keeping, support, and removal
beyond the limits of the United States, of all such
negroes, and for their delivery to a proper agent
appointed by him.
Any one who is familiar with the history of
this act and of the Colonization Society, cannot
fail to understand and to acknowledge what was
the meaning of the act. In 131G, this Coloniza-
tion Society was organized. Its purpose was, as
was professed, to better the condition of free peo-
ple of color in the United States by providing for
their removal and colonization in Liberia, and for
Christianizing and civilizing the heathens in Af-
rica. The understanding at the time the act of 1819
was passed, from which I have read, was, that it
was to be auxiliary to the Colonization Society;
that an agent of the Colonization Society would
be theie to receive the negroes who might be re-
captured and transported in Government vessels
to Liberia; and the power of the President was
exhausted when he delivered the negroes to the
agent. But, 1 say, without any warrant of latv,
it is proposed now, not merely to safe-keep, sup-
port, and remove the negroes from the llnited
States, but to support them after they reach Li-
beria; and not merely support them, to provide
for their animal wants, but also for their intel-
lectual, by their education. This power has been
strained tp authorize the Presidentto contract for
not merely colonizing them, but building them
houses, furnishing them with farming utensils,
paymgmstructors to teach them, furnishing ships
for their convenience, building forts for their pro-
tection, supplying them with arms and munitions
of war, enlisting troops to guard them, employ-
