1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
it was. It may have been wrong for him to pro-
vide for their existence for a year. That point I
would not argue. 1 only meant that, as he had
made a contract in good faith to carry out the
law. it struck me that we had better execute it;
and I give my vote in that way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, some re-
marks have just fallen from Senators on the other
side of the Chamber, which I cannot, in view of
what. 1 understand to be the facts, suffer to pass
unnoticed. While, from the very £reat distance
which exists between the United States and Af-
rica, and other causes, 1 cannot hope that any
large proportion of the colored population of the
United States will be withdrawn from this coun-
try and fifta their homes in the land of their
fathers, yet at the same time 1 cannot, looking
upon the facts as I understand them, suffer some
of the declarations which have been made here
this morning to go uncontradicted.
It has been said by the honorable Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] that colonization at Libe-
ria, in Africa, has been a failure. Sir, I do not
understand such to be the fact. On the contrary,
I understand that that colony on the coast of Af-
rica, foradistanceof overfive hundred miles, has
practically put an end to the slave trade. That
colony, feeble as it has been while struggling- into
existence, has already become the foundation of
a Republic, whose independence has been ac-
knowledged by some of the greatest Powers on
the earth. I do not understand the facts to be as
stated by the honorable Senator from Alabama,
in reference to the condition of the people in that
colony, either socially or otherwise. I cannot, of
course, speak from my personal knowledge; I
rely upon the authority of others. I desire to
read a few words from an address by Mr. Hall,
of Maryland, a general agent of the Maryland
S'iate Colonization Society. And first, as to his
means of information. He states that he had a
residence in Africa for ten years, and that for
eighteen years last past he has held the office of
general agent of the Maryland State Colonization
Society, and that he has veiy lecently visited the
different settlements in Liberia. During this long
period he says that he has not only been intimate
with the people of color enslaved and nominally
and actually free; but that his business and al-
most all the acts of his life have been, more or
less, intimately connected with them, and that K
is no affectation of humanity to say, mainly de-
voted to their interests. And now, sir, what does
Mr. Hall say, speaking from his own personal
knowledge? Speaking of the emigrants from the
United States, he uses this language:
<£ From one lo three jeiir  aftei then arnval, a majonty
of immigrants are permanently located on their town lot-?, or
I.irm lands, under their own roof>, humble though they be,
and have aiound them many of the comlorts, and even lux-
uric^, of hie. Their small (arms he contiguous to  \ieh othei,
the hout-e* being almost within hailing diftance. A small
amount ot land only i-> cultivated lor family u>e, as it yields
much mote abundantly ilian m tni-s country. A* befoie
Mated, their garden-, pioduce a gteat variety of fruits and
vegetables. (Jomloit.ible larm houses can be built for$lU0,
and even less, if the lot well supplied with building ma-
terial. .Many ol the laimer> live in houses costing *$1,000,
and some even more. Some houses in Monrovia eo t
high a- $.3,000, and even £10,000."
Again he says, in speaking of the condition of :|
society in Liberia: ii
" Society m Liberia n subject to the same laws which 1 i
govern el-ewhere in civih/.ed laud—wealth, intelligence, !'
and morality, one or all., aie essentially icq unite tor admis- \<
Hon to what is called the best society ; and the best society ' '
in Libera, a* far as 1 can judge, in geneial deportment and j j
manners, will eompaic well with the best wiciftv m any
other place ol the same, number ol inhabitants, tfie same !.
wealth and intelligence, and better than in most.'' I'
He goes on to desenhe the form of their Gov- I
eminent and its working; and, throughout his
"whole address, delivered by him within the past '!
year, to the free people of color of the Slate of
Maryland, he shows the condition of the colony ]
of Liberia, and says it is not a failure. Mr. Pies- !■
ident, I beg leave also to read certain statements j'
made by another gentleman who has taken a deep j
interest in this question, and who speaks from his >;
own personal knowledge. I refer to the Rev. Mr. ,!
Bowcn, who, speaking in reference to colomza- I1
uon, says: j
Colonization is civilizing the African race. There are ' '■
Am^ncan blacks m Liberia,"and even natives, of Fudan m 1'
Siena Leone, \vl19 can read Latin and Gicek,and mujic-
tunes H'-biew; and then attainments in other branches of ,
knowledge aie fai fmm being contemptible, f have lived
among these men ; I have taiKed with them and lead with j.
them. I have always been astonished at what I saw and
i heard ; but the fact*, are there, and such examples of Afti-
: can improvement are multiplying fiom year to year. What
| shall be the end of the^e things? Many persons smceiely
| believe that we are laboring m vain for the improvement of
i Africa : but the work moves onwaid, and incredulity must
| change to fan h before many generations shall pass away.
Civilization is developing a vaU and rich, commerce.
******* **#•
j Ci To prepare the way for civilization and commerce, col-
! onization is banMiing the slave tiadefrom Africa. Liberia,
, more powerful than fleets, even in her infancy, has eradi-
I eated this cruel and impolitic traffic from more than five
1 hundred miles of the coast. The same result has followed
1 wherever a little colony has been planted. And it isuston-
! idlnng to see how quickly the disappearance of the slave
' trade is followed by an active nalfic ui the productions of
| the soil. This is the tiue rea>on why the expoits of west-
i eui Afiica have recently iuu up to at, least $00,000,000 per
annum.
I have ju«t remarked that the slave trade cruel. The
middle passage, ot which we have heard so much, is but a
small portion of the horrors attendant on that tiafiie. In
one journey of Mxty miles, I counted no less than eighteen
towns, which had been reduced to utter desolation by the
cruel wais which fui msh cat goes for the slave ships. Foity
years ago, the Egba kingdon^ contained more than a hun-
dred towns, some of winch were si^ or eight miles in cir-
cuit. In 1850, but one of these towns was remaining. All
the re&t had been swept away a?, a crop for the slave trade.*'
Mr. President, if we were to listen to the lan-
guage we hear on this floor, we should suppose
that these victims were all sacrificed upon the
altar of humanity; that it is for the sake of hu-
manity, for the advancement of Christianity and
modern civilization, that these people are to be
hunted down like wild beasts, and dragged from
Africa, to hp consigned to perpetual bondage upon
the plantations of the American continent. He
says further:
" Such facts would be incredible were they not attested
bv the evidence of all the mnsiotmnes, merchants, and tiav-
eiers, who have vi-ued 1 hat unhappj eoimtiy. I suppose
that for every .slave landed in the AmerftSfh markets, about
three peis-ons are cut oil' in wars, and in the famines which
follow, and during the middle passage from coast to coast."
Mr. President, when I heard the able and
eloquent Senator fiom Louisiana [Mr. Benja-
min*^ denou ncing the cooly trade opened by Great
Britain and France, my heart responded to every
word he uttered; all its sympathies were stirred;
and when he spoke of that infernal chemistry
which was working up the coolies into sugar upon
the British Islands, my deepest indignation was
aroused. I could respond from my inmost heart
to all he felt; to all he said. Hut, does the hon-
orable Senator forget that this same slave trade,
whioh the colony of Liberia is doing more to put
down than all the fleets of England and the Uni-
ted States combined; that this same slave trade,
which he and his friends are advocating, should
be reopened now to supply compulsory labor to
the tropics of this country, is, itself, an infernal
chemistry which requires the sacrifice of two lives,
at least, to every slave that is captured, and that
when brought here and put upon the plantation,
the average of his life does not exceed seven years ?
Mr. BENJAMIN* I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Wisconsin when he ever heard me,
or any friend of mine, advocate the continuance
of the African slave trade?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not understand the
honorable Senator from Louisiana to advocate
dnectiy, in so many words, the opening of the
slave trade, but I understood and inferred from
his argument upon the subject of Cuba, and the
necessity of supplying compulsory labor in order
to m^et the demands of modern civilization in the
production of sugar and cotton m the tropical re-
gions of this continent, that it necessarily must be
supplied by the slave trade; for he maintained that
it could not be supplied by natural increase. He
denounced the apprentice system, and denounced
the cooiy trade. I ask the honorable Senator from
what other source or supply, then, will you de-
rive your compulsory labor, if not from the re-
opening of the slave trade ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I regret
that the honorable Senatorfrom Wisconsin should
so totally have misunderstood the line of my re-
marks. I did contend that the tropical produc-
tions of the Island of Cuba could not be main-
tained without an adequate supply of compulsory
labor. 1 did endeavor to show that the contin-
uance of that supply from natural increase was im-
possible. I did denounce the forcible introduction
into the colony of cooly labor or of African ap-
prentices; and I also denounced the African slave
trade as the means of supplying that compulsory
labor. I denounced them both; and I then in-
tended, as I supposed, in the regular line of argu-
ment, to deduce the conclusion that Cuba must
either relapse into barbarism, or that a supply of
compulsory labor must be obtained for Cuba by
the introduction of the beneficient system now
existing in the slave States of the United Slates,
which would secure such a natural increase of
the labor o£ the island as would suffice for the
production; or, in other words, that under the
slave system, as it now exists in the southern
States, the laboring population would double in
every generation instead of dying out; but if left
under Cuban control, Cuba being a Spanish
colony, the laboring population would die out.,.
The compulsory labor, to which I look for th£
continuance of cultivation in Cuba, is to be sup-
plied by natural increase, and by intercourse
with the southern States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I most heartily rejoice if
I misunderstood the effect of the argument of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana; and if, as I
now understand him, he did, (>n that occasion, de-
nounce the slave trade as well as the cooly trade,
I most heartily accord with him in that denunci-
ation. I confess that when he was denouncing
the cooly trade, my attention was more particu-
larly directed to the language which fell from him
upon that subject. I have not had the pleasure
of reading the speech of the honorable Senator as
reported, and I may not have noticed that por-
tion of his speech in which he says he also de-
nounced the slave trade.
Mr. President, I have referred to these author-
ities for the purpose of showing that the coloni-
zation of Africa is not a failure: that for five hun-
dred miles upon the coast of Africa the colony of
Liberia, feeble as it is, and as H has been, has
abolished the slave trade: while at the same time,
as I said in the beginning, I do not hope, I never
expect to see the day when the colonization of
Africa from the United States will ever be carried
on to a sufficient extent to remove the colored
population of the United States to the homes of
their fathers in Africa, as some of its frieyds have
hoped. It is necessary that there should be an
outlet provided nearer at hand. It is to Central
and Southern Ameiica that we must look. With-
in the American tropics Providence is pointing
out their future home.
While ihe Republican party will give to the
free white laboring man homesteads m our Ter-
ritories in the temperate zones of the West, they
will open the beautiful and luxuriant tropical
regions of America, to the South, and by treaty
or purchase procure homes and homesteads theie
for the free colored men; and where those who
may hereafter become emancipated may also find
homes and freedom to the joy of the master, as
well as the slave. We have been falsely charged,
again and again, because we oppose the extension
of slavery, that we design an amalgamation of
the races. No charge can be more false. Noth-
ing could so effectually prevent such a calamitous
result as to induce a peaceful separation of the
races, for the mutual benefit of both. For '.hat
purpose, and to accomplish that result, let us open
western territories as homesteads for the free
white men, and let us by treaty with the tropical
States,four-fifths of whose population are already
of the colored races, procure homesteads for our
free colored men.
.Mr. PUGH. May I ask the Senator a ques-
tion ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have no objection.
Mr PUGH. Is he anxious that this appro-
priation should pass ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have it
passed. Certainly.
Mr. PUGII. I think the Senator is taking the
most effectual way to kill it, by the introduction
of so many collateral topics. I think the Senate
understands the main question and this introduc-
tion of foreign topics, which must lead off to a
debate on everything else, is the surest and most
effectual way to defeat the appropriation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that the line of my
argument is substantially in reply to the line of
argumentadopted by the honorable Senator from
Alabama, which I think was made before the Sen-
ator from Ohio took his seat in the Senate this
morning, and which if he had heard, the Senator
from Ohio certainly would not have interrupted
me. It is not, however, my purpose to take up
time in the discussion of these subjects now, and,
therefore, I will not press them further upon the
