THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. ""
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, IX C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1859.
New S£rie;s.,v.;Ko.,$#.
consideration of the Senate. I felt it due, how-
ever, to the truth of history, as I understand it—
and 1 speak on the authority of those who I sup*
pose are best acquainted with the facts—to make
this statement, and not to suffer this wholesale
denunciation of the colony of Liberia as a failure
to pass unnoticed.
Mr, HUNTER, I hope we shall have a vote
now. It is nearly one o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. 1 must be permitted to say a word
in reply to the Senator from Wisconsin. I will
not make a speech; I have not made one this
morning;; I only made a few suggestions. I re-
peat, sir, the colony of Liberia has been a fail-
ure ; and I am sustained by facts which I will read
to the Senate, as they are very brief, and they
come from the friends of the Colonization Society
and one of its agents. I read from a work which
was published only last year by the Rev. Alex-
ander M. Cowen, of the State of Kentucky, an
agent of the Colonization Society for that State.
On the subject of mortality, presenting the sta-
tistics of the mortality in Liberia, he said:
" The Ameiican Colonization Society hud jsentout in all,
nine thousand eight hundred and seventy-two up to Janu-
ary, 1858. The Maryland Society had sent out one thou-
sand three hundred ; by both societies, eleven thousand
one hundred and seventy two, After thirty-eight years, of
this number, with their offsprings, seven thousand six bun-
dled and twenty-one are living, leaving for deaths, three
thousand five hundred and fifty-one, winch is thirty-three
per cent loss, by death in thirty-eight years."
Showing that, according to the statistics of the
colony of Liberia, the whole population would
die out in little over a century, and not a human
being be left, if the supply did not exceed the rel-
ative supply heretofore sent there. Again, in re-
spect to the revenue, he says:
"The revenue from her own productions last year, was
but $-1 Oo.^
Where is this revenue of §30,000 derived from r
He explains it. He says:
" The coast trade and the export duty wa« $-2j,625, very
near two thirds of the reliable revenue of Liberia. Dut this
sum is from the labor of the natives."
Not the Africans or mulattoes, or free persons
of color sent from the United States. He then
asks:
u £« there another nation that sets its national support as
Liberia receives heis ? As a nation, she may be said to live
fay the labor of foreigners." * * * ''The sta-
tistics furnished of exports, show a regular falling off in the
last four years."
I could multiply quotations; I could show here
that although it is said the climate and soil are
admirably adapted to the produce of all the trop-
ical fruits, and especially of sugar, rice, and cof-
fee, they are depending on imports for the supply
of those articles, and they export nothing. J
could state further, that no horses or mules are
used for draught, and rarely oxen, and that they
depend entirely on the hoe for their cultivation; that
instead of teaching the natives, it is said they have
adopted the system of cultivation which exists
among the natives of Liberia. I will not multi-
ply words about it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am not dis-
posed to defend the American Colonization Soci-
( €ty, and I must say that I care but little whether
it has been a failure or a success. As a means
tending tuwaids emancipation in this country, I
consider it of no account whatever. It has de-
ceived and deluded many sincere, benevolent, con-
scientious men in the country. As a means of
building up, on the coast of Africa, civilized soci-
ety, it has made, I think, some success; but lam
riot disposed either to defend or attack it. I care
but little about it.
The question before us to-day has no connec-
tion whatever with that Colonization Society. We
have branded tiie slave trade; we have passed
laws against it; and, although we were the first
nation to brand the slave trade, I suppose that,
owing to a variety of causes not necessary to
discuss at this time, we have done as much as
any other people to keep that trade alive. Our
ships have hovered on the coast of Africa and
have engaged in the traffic. One of those ships
has been captured by a vessel of our Navy and
67
brought into this country. These Africans*, in
the spirit of the law—1 say nothing about the
letter of the law—have been returned; and the
President of the United States has made a bargain
with the only men, it seems to me, with whom he
could have made a bargain, the colony of Liberia,
to take care of these recaptured Africans. 1 think
the President of the United States, in so acting,
acted according to the spirit of the law, and ac-
cording to the public judgment of the countryv
and, for one, I give my vote most freely to carry
out the bargain the President of the United States
has made. Whether it be strictly legal or not,
I care not. I always nonce that when an act of
humanity, an act of liberality, an act of justice, is
to be performed, it is very difficult to find author-
ity, either in the Constitution or laws of the coun-
try. For myself, 1 see in the law of 1819 enough
to authorize the President to make this bargain;
and my own heart impels me to give it a piompt
and decisive vote.
I simply say, that there is a disposition in this
country, and it is said there are secrct organiza-
tions in this country, to reopen the slave trade;
that hundreds of thousands of dollars have been
subscribed to carry it out and engage in the trade
—to defend the trade; and that, in portions of this
country, grand juries cannot be relied upon to in-
dict persons if caught in that trade. Well, sir,
we have made a capture; we have returned those
persons. I want u to go out to the country and
to the world, for the credit of the American name
and the American character, that the contract
made by the President of the United States is in
accordance with the sentiment of the people, and
that he is sustained by a vote approaching una-
nimity in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not wish to speak any
further on this question; but as the matter is ger-
mane to a subject that came up this morning, about
which I wish to make an explanation, 1 will oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate for but one mo-
ment for that purpose. I introduced, some con-
siderable time ago, a bill for amending the laws
prohibiting the African slave trade. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
that committee took it very properly into their
consideration; but, on consultation between them
and myself, it was agreed that a report upon it
should be delayed until I could have a conference
with them, which I intended to hold at an earlier
day than this. I had then already called for cor-
respondence from the President of the United
States, which was necessary in order to show the
importance of some of the details of the bill which
I had submitted. That correspondence has not
been received. Undoubtedly the President has
delayed to send the correspondence for reasons
which are proper and satisfactory to him; I raise
no question about tnat. 1 have, in the mean time,
been seeking information about> the prosecution
of the foreign slave trade, so far as it is carried
on from the port of New York, and how tiie
measures which I proposed might operate so as
to disturb the legitimate commerce with Africa.
On that subject I have not received the details so
fully as is necessary to enable me, myself, to
judge of the exact value of the details of the bill
which I have submitted. For this reason it is,
that that bill is found in ns present condition, and
probably cannot, be acted on until another session
of Congress.
Mr. KE1D. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMMO.Nl). The Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that there are parts of the United
States where grand juries cannot be found to in-
dict persons engaged in the African slave trade.
I should like to know to what parts he alludes.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, 1 do notknow
that I said that there were parts of this country
where grand juries would not indict. I said there
were p'ottions of this countiy where it was be-
lieved they would not. It remains to be seen
whether that be the case or not. I want to say,
in reference to the statement I made, that it was
but a day or two since I had a conversation with
a gentleman, who was ame*ttber'*>f.the last Con-
gress from the southern States;—a-man who^hi
Congress, always spoke for -and advocated fcht?
policy of slavery* He has spe/it this winter
mostly in Alabama, and he said to me, the other
day, that he was amazed at:the* sentiment he
found in the Gulf States; that that sentiment
approached unanimity in favor of reopening the
slave trade; and from the investigations he had
made, he was satisfied that organizations existed
for the opening of the-trade; that money was^ub-
scribed for the business; and that it would be
extremely difficult, in that part of the country,
to get a grand jury to find an indictment, or to
get a conviction from a petit jury; that he was
amazed at the sentiment generally prevading tl«U
part of the country; and that we had no concep-
tion of it here. I think that anybody who has
read of the movement led by Mr, Yancey, of Ala-
bama, and other gentleman in that part of the
country, will come to this,conclusion: that there
is a party, mainly in the Gulf States, extending
through a portion of the southern States, in favor
of reopening the slave trade; and these doctrines
have been avowed during the present session-of
Congress, by gentlemen representing that section
of the Union, in the other branch of Congress.
Mr. HAMMOND. I am notat all, nor i« any
portion of the South, liable for the impressions
which any person traveling through the South
may form. There is no soit of doubt that a few
persons in the South, some of them highly re-
spectable, wish to open the African, slave trade;
but from what knowledge 1 have myself, and
from what knowledge I have received,and i have
been active in inquiry, my opinion xs, that nine
tenths of the people of the South are utterly
opposed to it; and i think the more the subject jb
discussed the fewer wtli be the number who are
m favor of reopening the slave trade. I will in-
form the Senator from Massachusetts-of one fact
of which 1 supposed he was cognizant: that
during the past week the grand jury m Savannah
has found true bills in two different cases against
persons whom it was alleged had participated in
the African slave trade.
Mr. WILSON. I am glad to hear the decla-
rations made by the Senator from South Carolina,
and I have no doubt-they are substantially'cor-
rect. No doubt, a large portion of the people of
the southern States are opposed to the African
slave tiade; but that there is a party, yo.ung, vig-
orous, and active, that wishes to open the slave
trade; a party that wishes to extend the country
into the tropics; a party that believes not only in
compulsory labor in the tropics, but everywhere
else; a party that wishes to govern this country
und<.r that policy, and failing to do that, to estab-
lish a southern Confederacy and dissolve this
Union, there is evidence-. There is such a party.
Now, I want the Senate, I want Congress to sus-
tain the contract made by the President, and let
it be understood in the North and in the South,
by all parties, that this country has branded the
slave trade, that it can never be opened, that the
power and influence of this nation shall be used
to put it down; and that we will go to the full
extent, not only of-the letter of the law, but the
spirit of the law, to sustain this policy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Alabama to strike
out the appropriation of $15,000; on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CLAY. And to insert§45,000,1 will say.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chet>nut, Clay, Davis, Fitzpatriek, Ham-
mond, IversonT Johnson of Tenne>seo, Mason, Iteid,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and Ward—li2.
NAYS—Messrs. Ail'en, Hates, Bell, Beujaimu, Digler,
Bright, B'odermk, Cameion, Chandler, (.Mark. Crittenden.,
Pixon, i>oohule, Douglas Durkce, Fcsseud< n. Fitch, Foot,
Green, Hale, Ihwihn, Harlan, Houston. Hunter, Jones,
Km , Mailorj , Pearee, Polk. Push, Rice, Seward,Shields,
Kinmion*, Shdeil, Smith, Trumbull, Wail'1, Wilson, And
Yu.k'c—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
