1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. PUGH. I hare an amendment tp offer. I
move to strike out all after the enacting clause
down to the eightieth line, and insert what I send
to the Chair,
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator wants to speak,
I must give way to the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. PUGH. The bill had better go over until
to-morrow, because I want to press my amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
have called up the unfinished business before, but
that he understood that, on motion of the Senator
from Virginia* all the prior orders had been post-
poned.
Mr. HUNTER. ' I agreed to give way at one
o'clock. 1 give notice 1 shall call up the bill to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was not
aware of that, or he would have callcd up the un-
finished business of yesterday at one o'clock.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
383) for the relief of Myra Clark Gaines.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
810) for the relief of William Yearwood, sr.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 497)
making appropriation to facilitate the acquisition
of Cuba by negotiation; the pending question
being on the amendment offered by Mr. Foot.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is annoying to me that, after having been
on good terms with all my brother Senators, I
have had so much difficulty m getting the floor to
say what little I have to say on this subject,just
as I am going out. I will not say that it is im-
polite or unfeeling, but it is certainly very annoy-
ing, I desire to say something on this bill which
proposes to make an appropriation " to facilitate
the acquisition of Cuba by negotiation," so far
as my strength and voice may hold out.
In the first place, I object to the title of the bill.
It imports that we are to acquire Cuba by nego-
tiation, and that we simply want some facilities
for that purpose, which, in mercantile phrase,
means money. Here it means #30,000,000. I
will not vote to commit myself to anything of
that sort; and besides, before I get through, I hope
to show to any reasonable man that the whole
scheme is ill-timed, improper, and uncalled for.
The zeal and ability with which the Senators
from Louisiana press the acquisition of Cuba have
struck me with some surprise. It seems to me
that if Cuba were acquired, the whole sugar in-
terest of Louisiana, which is now protected by a
tariff, would be prostrated. The lands of Lou-
isiana are too far south to be very well converti-
ble into cotton lands. The loss of machinery, the
loss of time, the ignorance of the hands, would
be equivalent to a fire on each plantation. Not
only that; but there would gooutfrom Louisiana
tp Cuba, for the purpose of getting lands there,
the active, the enterprising capitalists, the men
of value, and the men of substance. Many of
the sugar planters, and the best of them, would
emigrate; the drones, the idlers, and the triflers,
would stay at home. We see this exemplified
in the case of every new State. You find there
an active, enterprising, thrifty population, more
so than you see in an old State, because the ac-
tive, the enterprising, the intelligent, the men bent
on makingafortune, have gone there. Kentucky
has been bled in that way by Missouri, by Lou-
isiana, by Illinois, and by Indiana, until I wril
not say that it has such a sorry population that
it lately turned to be a Democratic State; for I
oelieve we still could have held our own, if it had
not been for this evei lasting nigger question and
the American question.
Well, sir, what will be the second effect upon
Louisiana? Wherever in the world commerce
prevails, Us entrepots are the points of tranship-
ment—the termini of groat lines; they are the
places where commodities are exchanged, and
there cities grow up. Nov/, suppose the city of
Havana should grow up under American protec-
tion: it will be some six, or eight, or ten days
shorter for foreign vessels to load with cotton
there than to go to New Orleans; and cotton will
be transported there from the Mississippi valley,
passing by New Orleans. Cotton will land at
the last terminus; land in a good harbor; and it
is a pleasanter place than New Orleans, and no
more liable to yellow fever. I say, then, this is
a bill to break up the sugar-planting interest of
Lcmisiana, and to dwarf the city of New Orleans.
Why, Mr. President, that little city of Lexington
of yours, in Kentucky, was a very nice, pretty,
growing town until it had a couple of railroads
run through it, and now nobody goes there at all;
people do not even dine there. [Laughter.] Two
railroads have run through it—one going to Cin-
cinnati and one going to Louisville; and all the
people go to the one city or the other where they
have a larger stock of goods to pick from, and be-
cause they like a little pleasant travel, and ladies
like to take an airing anyhow, and see another
city. There is neither trade nor commerce, nor
eating, nor anything, done there. Why, sir, the
jimson weeds are all over the streets, and the
town absolutely looks seedy. [Laughter.] That
is the effect of going through one of these places j
and giving them a thing of that sort. Just before
that, the little town of Danville, when I was a boy,
as a matter of great enterprise, constructed, and
nearly broke themselves in constructing, a turn-
pike road to the city of Lexington; and a fine
turnpike road it was. At that time they had
thirty-three stores and a good deal of trading
there; but when the turnpike road was made,
everybody went to Lexington, and Danville is
now a perfectly finished town. There is a gro-
cery, and, perhaps, one or two stores and a sort
of tavern—just symptoms of a town having been
there. Whenever you translate the terminus, the
entrepot of transhipment, you will find that New
Orleans, as a place of business, will shrivel up
and sink in the same way. That is my judgment.
This bill proposes to grant the President of the
United States pO,UOO,UOO, to he used in pur-
chasing Cuba. It was known to the President,
when he made the suggestion in his message*, that
Spain had refused the trade; and he knew very
well that, by the civil or common law, it took two
to make a trade. Now I will ask what was the
use, instead of resorting to the ordinary means
of negotiation, to put into the message a sort of
proclamation to Spam, and to carry it forward by
this bill, when we know that the proposition of
the message was received at Madrid, I will not
say with Castihan pride, but at least with Span-
ish pomp? They inscribed their determination
on columns and pillars; and unanimously made
addresses to the throne, saying that they would
never part with Cuba. They have said to you
they will not trade; and yet, in the face of then-
declaration, you propose to trade with them. What
sort of a trade do you mean ? Yon say your avowed
policy is, that England and France shall not have
Cuba. Do you mean to beat off all other bidders,
and levy on the island by a sort of constable's
sale of it, without authority of law? just say it is
a sale and seizure, and buy it for what you please?
That is it substantially. Or, if you do not mean
that, I ask what kind of pious and Christian hu-
manity there is in a proud nation like this, to a
poor, weak, old Government that has a raw, sore
place, to take an ignited firebrand and be jabbing
her, and jabbing her, and jabbing her, just to tor-
ment her? Is the idea that, although she is not
willing to trade, you will torment her so that she
shall have no peace of her life, and finally make
the trade to get rid of you ?
Without regard to the fact that Spain says she
will not trade, the bill is an enormous proposition
upon its face. We gave §15,000,000 to the Em-
peror Napoleon for Louisiana, a vast territory, i
reaching from the mouth to the source of the I
Mississippi river, embracing the present States i
of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, and j
Minnesota. There was a perfect kingdom for !
$15,000,000. We got a vast domain of public ■
land, of crown lands belonging to France, more
than enough to pay all the expenses of the pur- .
chase, and of their survey, and leave us a profit. 1
That is a trade that a man might well strain a ;
point for. Jefferson was said to entertain some
constitutional set uples about that acquisition; but
almost any man'a constitutional scruples would
give way under the force of such a trade as that. ,
Then we bought the whole southern end of Fior- !
ida, that vast peninsula', for $5,000,000 It would
have been a pretty good purchase, if we had not
been paying ever since. I will not say that we
have paid more than the State is worth, for it is a
good State now, and I will not speak disrespect-
fully of her; but if it had not been for Osceola, and
Sam Jones, and Jumper, and the enormous price
per capita that it has taken to transport, catch, or
kill the Indians there, that would have been a rea-
sonable ti ade. But I do notsuppose now, if Florida
was put up at public auction and sold, it would
brmg more than would indemnify us for the ex-
penses of the various Indian wars.
Now, sir, we come to the Island of Cuba, and
what are we to get? We get the public property
—the Moro Castle, the jails, and the court-houses.
We do not own the negroes; we do not buy the
land for ourselves; but it is a trade simply for the
sovereignty. Weil, what does that sovereignty
amount to? It amounts to this: that you are to
protect the people of Cuba; that you aie to extend
over them the laws of the Union; that you are to
keep off pirates; that if they get into a fight you
are to help them. Of course we shall have to
build up their wharves; attend to their public
wants. The youngest child in the family of course
will be petted; and how much you are to expend
to get her m proper trim, the Lord only knows,
Mr. President, I do not believe, with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] that our
courseof empire is, by any political trick, at least
in this instance, going in a southern direction.
That has been the natural course of emigration,
1 from the time when the Goths and the Vandals
i came down upon the sunny plains of Italy, to tlnv
1 present time. It is the instinct of human natuie
to hunt out tht* best lands, find where they are,
locate on them, and settle them. In the fai-ofF
North, during the long, cold, winter nights, the
children, as thev sit around the fire, perhaps chill-
, blained or frost-bitten, eat figs and oranges and
j dates, and they are told that they come from a
! country where there is no snow and no ice, but a
! balmy breeze, and their notions start as though
| they want to get off to that better country.
1 " O rimsi! it h a <roodl\ M<dn to see
What Heaven h.uh dime for thi- dHiciou* land !
I What ftusN ot fraaianoe hlu-.lt on every tret';
j What goixil} pro*pect> oVr the hills expand."
j They have but one sentiment, and that is to go
. down there and better their condition, it is the
! natural tide and flow of emigration. It is by m-
' stmct, and they follow it. I do not think, prop-
i erly, that a consideration of ihe nigger question
j ought to have been connected with this matter,-
1 but it has been forced into it, and forced upon us.
1 The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
1 gave us an essay, graphic and eloquent; a poem,
| 1 might say—a poem, I mean, as to eloquent dic-
i tion, not a poem as to facts—upon the wrongs
j England has inflicted on her West India colonies;
i but the whole of it is no more relevant to this
' question than to examine whether Wilberforce,
: if he were alive, would repent of what he did or
.not. The Senator from New Hampshire, for
! whose great amiability, for whose good judgment,
! and especially for whose good feeling, 1 have em-
j inent rcspect, overrates these things, over-csti-
; mates them. He is against the acquisition of
i more slave territory. Th<* Senator from Louis-
, lana gave us a beautiful description of Cuba; he
spoke of the Cubans, of the Creoles, and the freo
' negroes; and it is under the influence of descrip-
tions such as he gave that our people rush that
, way, and there is a delusion upon them. They ,
are what they call in the country enthused"—
run mad on the subject.
u Know ye the hind wheie the cypress and myrtle
Ate emblems of deeds liiat are done in their clime,
Where the rage of the vulture, the love of the tuitle,
Now melt into sorrow, now madden to crime ?
Know }(': the hind uf the cedar and vine,
| Where the flowers ever blossom, the boarn^ ever frhinc ;
Where the h«iu wings of Zephyr, oppress'd with perfume,
Wax taint o'er the ^aniens of Gui m hei bloom ;
; Where the cuiosi and olive aie faiiest ot lruit.
And the voice of the ni«iitnigaje never nmiite :
Where the rmii of the e.uth, and the huts ot the s-ky,
in color though vaued,m ueauty may vie,
And the purple of ocean la dot pe^t ?n dve ;
Where the virjjins are soft a> the ro.-e "the.> twine,
And all, >'.ue the t-pui? of man, i.«< diviner
>Yi-? the clime of the East; 'u< the land of the Sun—•
Can he snide on such um d. - i\-, his ciuldtonimedone
That is enthusiastically, in spirit and in feel-
ing, imagined, and by a vast number applied to
Cuba. J trust I shall be able to show that this
