1859.
THE CONfeftESSfO^lI,' GL0BE.
9
question is not to be met in that way. I regret,
also, that the Senator from New Hampshire, in
his speech, made objection to the acquisition be-
cause he does not like the Cubans on account of
their Catholic religion. Mr. President, under the
Constitution, I believe every man has the right
to worship God according to the dictates of his
own conscience; to do it in safety under his own
"vine and fig tree, without fear and trembling, and
to follow whatever those dictates are. I would
prescribe religion and faith to no man. I will not
say it is illiberal. I will riot discuss the question
•whether that faith is inconsistent with republican
institutions. I rather think, myself, it is adapted
to the genius and turn of the people where it ex-
ists. One thing I know: I have lived half my
life with American Catholics, and better citizens
I have never known—-loyal, true, industrious, as
good as any. I speak of American Catholics in
this country; 1 do not know what the case may
be elsewhere. Surely, that could be no objection
with me if Cuba is to come in".
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] the
other day was for annexing Cuba; and I under-
stood him to say that he was'for annexing Canada
too. Whether he said that in irony or in earn-
est, I am unable to say; but it is a monstrous
proposition. The people ofCanada are of Anglo-
French descent, and, in the first place, I do not
think them fit for a Republic. 1 have never seen
a Frenfthman it* my life that had a notion of
such a Republic as ours. They have tried it in
old France several times; but the very height of
liberty and republican institutions for a French-
man is to get a chance to vote for an Emperor.
Pick him a master to do his thinking about gov-
ernment, and he is satisfied. Mercurial and cu-
rious in his nature, he is unsuited to a Republic
like ours. When the Senator talks against Great
Britain he ought to recollect that Great Britain
is a landholder oil this continent. Take her pos-
sessions and provinces in Canada, and all over
North America?, running as they do' to the polar
regions, embracing all beyond our boundary
except the Russian possessions at Petropaulov-
ski; and she has a larger tract of land on this
continent than we have—more acres, though they
are not so valuable; and if we annexed that cold
country, with the people in villages, having small
States, as exemplified in New England,they would
overrun us. 1 would not wish to be in a repub-
lic having a gentleman here fiom Vancouver, and
another from Nova Scotia, and another from Da-
vis's Straits, and a hundred of them at that, to
overpower me by their vote and by their voice.
X never approved or harbored any desire for a
rupture of the Union; but if Canada and the Brit-
ish Pi ovinces are to come in and be carved up into
a hundred States, to weigh us down, I hbpe that
the Union will break, like your humbug sub-ma-
1'ine telegraph line—break in two simply because
it will be too long—break in two, as, in the Au-
gustan age, on? of her best poets sang of Rome:
'' Roma ruat suis viribtis."
It was said that Rome tumbled to pieces in con-
sequence of acquisition; and that, I am afraid,'is
to be our destiny. I prefer tilting over into a
southern confederacy, if the fissure is to be made
anywhere down the Ohio river, as 1 suppose it
is very likely to be.
Two or three very vague notions have been in-
troduced into this debate. Gentlemen have talked
about Americanizing Cuba. What sort of Amer-
icanization will go on there? I understood the
Senator from Louisiana to express sympathy with
Cubans, who, he said, were " panting for liberty."
Annex Cuba; and men from Georgia, from Ala-
bama, from Kentucky, will go in there; they will
say: " The Government has bought it;" and, as
against a Cuban, they will consider that it is pre-
empted and paid for by them. The truth is, it is
hereditary, or it has been taught to them; at any
rate, it is in the Anglo-Saxon blood. Our people
believe it is no harm to take away from a Span-
iard or a Mexican or an Indian anything he has
got, and they want; and they do not believe it is
homicide or murder to kill him either. [Laughter.]
What will be done by our adventurers when they
land there ? Not to be invidious, I will take my
own Stale as an illustration. I will suppose that
three Kentuckians go down to Cuba; one of them
an old fellow, with a parcel of negroes. As Mr.
Buchanan is going to buy Cuba by a sort of forced
sale, without authority of law, warning off all
other bidders, this'old fellow would settle upon
; some Cuban, hunt him out, and take possession.
' He would then begin to survey and demarlt for
annexation some other man's plantation. He
would elbow him, browbeat him, and frown at
him;sh*owhim bowie-knives and revolvers;knock
him down with his fist, perhaps, and stamp on him
a little in a place where he could not be seen, so
as to escape the law. A man would be inclined,
naturally, under such a process, to give up. There
is a sentiment among our people that they have a
right to do that thing. They would murder; they
' would marry; or they would do anything in the
world to get all that was going.
The other two young gentlemen, whom I sup-
pose to go down frbm Kentucky, are a couple of
your filibusters—elegant men, having nothing to
live upon and doing nothing, and nothing to do
i anythingupon. [Laughter.] They talkabout fast
| horses, about pistol shooting, and about gunning,
j and they can shoot pistols. One of them will get
] to be an overseer for a widow, and marry her, and
j the next year you would find the rest of the fam-
ily disinherited. [Laughter.] The other, being
j a remarkably spry and good-looking fellow, will
run away with some old Cuban's daughter; he
would get into the family, and he would be there
but a little time before the old man would be in a
corner of the plantation, and he in full possession
and with a good title. That is the way it is to be
Americanized, and the way they will go on when
they get there.
Why, sir, there is not a Spaniard now to be
found in New Orleans; and I have been there and
■ perambulated over the whole city. There is hot
j one that I ever saw in Si. Louis,'and 1 have been
| there two or three times. At St. Augustine and
Pensacola there are none. The truth is,"the Span-
' ish race get out of the way of our race. They
1 will not remain in Cuba; they have too much in- j
stinct for that ' You just put out here in one of J
j our forests, or on the plains at a spring or lick, j
a lion from the torrid zone, and let a herd of buf- j
falo see him lash his sides with his tail, and roar, ;
and strike down with a blow a horse and break j
the back of an elk, and they will have seiase ,
enough not to go back there. Put down a tiger, J
and let him, with his fierce sweep and his yellow, j
glaring eyes, pounce in upon a gang of deer, and :
1 venture to say they will not be in that neigh- ]
borhood, nor within twenty miles of that place,
1 in forty days. Your Cubans know, if they have i
: any sense, how this population have been rooted j
out. I will give a familiar iliustration that you ;
! can all understand, and that I want the people in
i the country to understand. We fo.rmerly had 1
i about our barns in Kentucky what we called the j
j old-fashioned blue rat, and there are in the coun- |
] try swarms of another description of rats called j
j the Norway rats, who eat up the blue rats. When i
j the traveling gangs of the Norway rats invade a '
I barn, the blue rats scamper for their lives, know- j
' ino-that they will be eaten up if they do not leaye. j
j They aie literally Cubans "panting for liberty," :
I and would also be Cubans panting for life under ]
] those circumstances. [Laughter.] That will be 1
> the effectof it, evidently and plainly. That is the I
| process by which the Americanization tf'ould go
} on. . !
One effectof this measure will be its connection J
' with the contest about the next Presidency, and i
l I am going to venture a piece of advice on that, j
I and I ask the attention of the Senator from New j
; York, [Mr. Seward.] The Democrats have a i
! Pacific railroad in their platform, and it is no harm
] for you to take "one on board. As this seems to
j be a game for the Presidency, and a brag game at
' that, I think the American party, if they have a
platform at all, ought to go two "better, and go in
for bui'ding all three roads. It was proposed that
we should appropriate §10,000,000 a year to con-
, struct a railroad through a country where there
is neither wood, nor water, nor population; where
i the mountains wiil have to be tunneled; where j
i viaducts must be made, and bridges built; where j
! the iron must be transported to every spot. Why,
\ sir, we should be as long building that road as the ;
I children of Israel were ill the wilderness; and I :
am not so certain that, as to the debt it would in- .
volve, we should not be in a sort of Egyptian .
bondage for four hundred ytars, making brick
without straw, in order to build this road. I am ;
willing to give land, but no money, for that pur-
pose. That bill, how.evee, has>.turiicdput to be a
harmless proposition -for a surv,e.y.by .which we
may learn, some geography;, ktjow "foin^isMng
more about the couatcy. .Old Colo'iiel Bentoifes&id
the buffalo were ^he bjes^engineers in.-.the, w^Jd.
So they are, to & cert&in'extent.- ,-Jf„tlvey travel
frpm one pasturage to another; or one lick {o an-
other, they pick the beat ground; but,^n, the Col-
onel's case, they happen jBot to, <5ome\fM m|,San
Francisco, an3t of coarse", w<juid not do for engi-
neers. When we get irj the.reporijs.o/.aJi. tliose
surveys, the estimates, will fall .far short of what
will be required. The natural process is, as pop-
ulation progresses, the people, will find wherefthe
good land is; they will find where tlfereis w«tter;
they will get convenient to £uel; and,hi the mean-
time, the transit routes will suit,us well enough.
Besides, we are yet in. our infancy ; century is
but a year in the age of a nation, and we are not
a year old. Surely our rapid growth, thus far,
ought to satisfy us. Festiaa iente, is the maxim
of wisdom. As they say in the country, slow and
sure is the true policy. Let us consolidate, com-
pact, build up, secure^and settle, what we. h&ye.
The Senator from New York said the building
of that road would afford an outlet for the ,wild
spirits of the country. Surely* .sir, it would be
no outlet for them. Cork and Connaught and
Belgium and all Germany would furnish the men
to huild it; the men who deal with tiie spade and
pick; the men whjo crack rock on turnpike roads
and work about the silis and carry iron. Talk
to one of these regular fillibusters about working,
letting off lus steam by cracking rock a way .out
in the wilderness on one of these roads, and he
will be worse insulted than Spam is. If we get
into a war about Cuba, these are not th« men who
are going to do any fighting unless you make up
a regiment of colonels or majors. , They would
join that, but they will never go in the rank .and
file. They will follow in the track of the array
like vultures and wolves following in the wake of
any other army, greedy and hungry; nod like
jackals, when the battle is over and lost or won,
ready to grovel for their food. That iswhatthSy
will do. They go along to live by their witS-out-
side of the camp. The men who die there are no
men for filibustering about here. They must all
be officers. Go down to the taverns and look at
some of them as you, see them strutting about.
They toil not, neither do they spin; yetSolomon
in all his glory was hardly arrayed like one of
them. I have seen two or three of them here this
winter that out-strutted, and out-talked, and out-
shone any men I ever saw on the face of the earth.
It is a shame that the Government should pander
to that spirit; that feeling which is dominant in
the land. ' ' .
I made the point, in the first instance, that Spain
will not trade, and it takes two to make a bar-
gain. That, of itself, would be a sufficient- objec-
tion to this bill; but I have some other objections.
I think it is indiscreet to propose such a measure
in the face of the world, alter the declaration that
Spain has made. It appears as if we wished to
make her confess her shame and humiliation be-
fore the whole world. But there is a continual
talk that England and France will get Cuba if we
do not. Now, sir, I do not believe that either
England or France want to get it, and I will tell
you why. So far as the ambition of the Emperor
of the French is concerned, he wants to carry his
conquests into Algeria. I used to suppose that
i the Algerian struggle was simply a foreign war
i got up by the old. French king to get rid of his
i fiery spirits; that it was a fight to keep them
j busy, a trick of Louis. Phillippe to employ his
army. 1 see,however, that there is more French
! emigration to Algeria than any where else. French-
' men do not coriie to this country; we do not suit
j them, and tliey do not suit us; they do not com-
mingle with us. All that is now Canada once
belonged to France; but England wrested it from
her at the battle upo*n the plains of Abraham, and
ever since it has been held by England, and
France knows that she cannot wrest it from her.
France sold us an empire on tins continent for a
bauble. She has only two or three little islands
left over here, and probably Cayenne, a sort of
penal colony, the whole of it of no value and no
; account. Her attention is not in this direction.
; She does not emigrate ill this direction. Snc is
| advancing to%vards the Italian States looking
| out on the Mediterran«an, and on the old RUt-m-
