1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
were read a first and second time, referred to the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the t
Union, and ordered to be printed: j
-A bili making an appropriation to build a pris- !
on-house in the Territory of Kansas; I
A bill making an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the capitol of the Territory of Utah;
A bill making an appropriation to complete the
capitolof the Territory of Nebraska, and to build
a prison-hon«0'in said Territory; and
A bill making an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the capitol and penitentiary in the Terri-
tory-of New Mexico.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, the
Committee on Territories was discharged from
the further consideration of the following bills;
and the same were laid upon the table:
A joint resolution of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Nebraska, asking for an ap-
propriation to bridge the Platte river, in said Ter-
ritory;
A bill (H. R No. 747) for the relief of the city
of Omaha, in the Territory of Nebraska; and
A bdi (H. R. No. 744) to provide for a geolog-
ical and mineralogical survey of the Territory of
Nebraska.
Mr. ZOLL1COFFER, from the same commit-
tee, asked that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of a resolution instruct-
ing that committee to inquire into the expediency
of amending the organic acts establishing territo-
rial governments for New Mexico and Washing-
ton, su thai the number of members in each of the
two branches of the Legislative Assembly shall be
equal to the number provided for in section four
of the act approved March 3, 1849, to establish
the territorial government of Minnesota, and that
the samo he laid upon the table; which motion
was agieed to.
On motion of Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, the Com-
mittee on Territories was discharged from the
further consideration of the subject of the expe-
diency of making appropriations to uiciease the
territorial libraries of New Mexico, Utah, Wash-
ington, Kansas, and Nebraska; and the same was
laid on the table.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territories,
reported back adversely, a bill (II. R. No. 702)
to authorize the laying out and constructing of a
post road from Leavenworth eity, in the Territory
of Kansas, to the head waters of the south fork
of the Platte river, near Pike's Peak, in the Ter-
ritory ot Kansas; and the committee was dis-
chaiged from the further consideration thereof.
HESTER SARGENT BARTON.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported.* lull granting a pension
to Hester .Sargent Bar ton; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
RACHEL M'MILLAN.
Mr. FLORENCE also, from the same com-
mittee, repoi led a bill for the relief of Mrs. Rachel
McMillan: which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee ofthe Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
MYRA CLARK GAINES.
Mr. FLORENCE also, from the same com-
mitter, repotted back a bill (S. No. 383) for the
relief of Myra Clark Gaines, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass; and asked that the bill be
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Myra Clark
Games, widow of the late Major General Ed-
mund P. Gaines, upon the pension roll, at the
rate oi lmlf the pay per month to which the said
Gaines was entitled at his death, to commence
from the 6th day of June, 1849, and to continue
during her riatuial life.
Mr. FLORENCE. The history of this case is
well known, and as the time of the House is so
valuable, 1 will not now trespass upon it. I ask
that the bill be passed, and—lest the morning
hour bhouid expite—1 move to have it recommit-
ted, and ask the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it not in order to
put it on its passage now ?
The SPEAKER. That is what the gentleman
from Pennsylvania proposes to do.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read a third time.
Mr. FLORENCE moved the previous question
on the passage ofthe bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COBB moved to Jay the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for the yeas and
nays, and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. This bill is to be rushed
through the Housp, without the yeas and nays,
when there is not a dollar in the Treasury, and
but little prospect of any. It is a mere gratuity,
and reverses the whole policy of the Government
from its foundation in regard to pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to debate.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have said all that I de-
sire to say.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. You have said
more than you ous:ht to have said.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Of that alone I am to be
the judge.
The question was taken,arid the bill was passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. RUFFINTON. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House do
now proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table for the purpose of taking up
House bill No 2, with the Senate amendments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and on that I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 93.
Mr. BURNE TT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wastaken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 89, nays 99; as follows:
YE Ah I, Anderson. Atkins ISarksdale, Barr,
Bocoek, Bowie, ('ranch, liuinett, Ouiih, Cavanaugh,
John B. Cl.uk, Cobb, John (Joclnane, (Jock^.ll, Comma.
Cox, James (.'miit, Ciawlord. Curty. David-on. Davi-ot
Indiana, Davn of Edmundfon, Elliott, English,
Fanlknoi, Kenton, Florence, Ganiett, Goode. Greenwood,
Gii'irn, Gioej-beek, Giover, Lawienee \V, Hall. Hickman,
flupkmv, Houston, Jackson. Jeivett. G'-niye W Jones,
Kent, Lamar, L'ndy. Leiehei, Maclay, McUueen, MeRae,
 Samuci S. Marshall, Miles, Miller, Million. Is-aac N. Mor-
ris. Mott, Nibiack, Nichols, Pendleton, Peyton, John fc5.
PhHp-, William W Phelps, Phillip-:, Powell, Reagan,
Hullm, Unwell, Sandid<re. lavage, Scale, Scott, Seating,
riewatd, ilemy M. Shaw, rthoiter, Singleton, Sialiworih,
Stevenson, Jamo-' A Siewai t, Talbot, Mile-: Tavlor, Val-
landtgliam, \V;nd, Watkin,-. White, Window, Woodson,
Wortendyke, and Auaiustm R. Wuglst—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiain, liillm^hnrst, Bingham,
Blaa, Bra\ ton, Unfhnton. Buihn«ame, Burroughs, Chaffee,
Chapman. Exia Cl.uk, Horace F. t'laik, dawson, Colfax,
Coining. Covode, Cragni, Cuitis, Davi* of Maryland, Davis
ofMa-^ueim^ottf, Davi-'of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Dmfce, Edie, Faiii:avortli, Foley, Foster, Gilinan, Giltner,
Gooeh, Goodwin, Giow, llobeit B. Flail, Harlan, Ila-kui,
Hill, Hoard, Ffoii-jr>"-« Ilottun. Howard. Owen Jones. Kenn,
Kekev. Kil<joie, Knapp, John C Kunke), Lartdy,
Leach, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Ma^on, Maynard.
Montgomery, Mo:<ian. Morull, Edw.ir'd Joy Morris, Free-
man H. Mor-e, Oliver A. Mor<e, Muiray, Olm. Parker. Pet-
tit, Piko. Pottie, Pui viance. Ready, Reiliy, Ricaud, Bobbins,
Roberts, Royce, Aaron Siiaw, John Sheiman, Jud*on W.
Sherman, UobcitSmith,Spinner, Stanton.Tappan,Thayer,
Tiiomp-on, Tompkni-, Trippe. Undet wood, Vance, Wade,
Waibridae. WaUhon, Walton, Cadwalader (J. Wa«hbu n,
Eihhu B. Wafhburno, Isiaei Washburn, Wilson, Wood,
and Zolheoffcr—99.
So the rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. GARTRELL stated that he had paired off
on the vote with Mr. Harris.
Mr, POTTLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Palmer, was detained at home by illness in his
family.
The YOtc buying been announced,
] The question recurred on Mr, Morrill's mo-
. tion, to proceed to the consideration of business
1 on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES PROPERTY IN PETERSBURG,
i The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
1 sideration of business on the Speaker's table, and
, took up joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) to au-
1 thonze the Secretary of the Treasury to sell a
! certain plat of land in the city of Petersburg, Vir-
ginia, belonging to the United States, with the
following amendment of the Senate thereto:
j At the end of the bill, add the fo? towing proviso:
Provided, The Secretatv of the Treasury shall fix the
minimum, below winch the &aid lot shall not be sold.
The amendment was concurred in.
j MOBILE AND OI1IO RAILROAD COMPANY.
The next bill taken up was an act (H. R. No.
669) for the relief of the Mobile and Ohio Rail-
road Company, with the following amendment
of the Seriate thereto:
j Add to the end of the bill the following proviso:
I Provided, nevertheless. That the said Mobile and Ohio
Railroad Company be «ubjcct to, and shall comply with,
all the conditions', restrictions, and limitations contained
. in the act of Congress above referred to, approved Sep-
tember &1), 18.30; and piovided nothing herein contained
ehall be construed so as to release the States of Missif-sippi
or Alabama from any Labilities imposed upon them by the
snid act of September 9 ), 1850.
| The amendment was concurred in.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE BILL.
! The next bill taken up was an act (H. R. No.
2) donating public lands to the several States
which may provide colleges for the benefit of ag-
. riculture and the mechanic arts, with the follow-
ing amendments ofthe Senate thereto:
First amendment:
; Page 1, line five, after the word " mentioned,'' strike out
1 a five million nine hundred and twenty thousand acres of}>
■ and insert in heu thereof, -;an amount of public."
Second amendment:
Lme eleven, after the word u entitled.'' insert the follow-
ing piovi-o:
Piondcd, That to each ^tate who«e number of members m
the IIou-'o of Representatives yhnll be increased by the next,
apportionment under the census of 1860, there shall be
granted the additional quantity of twenty thousand acre-; of
land upon the same tenus, a-i soon as said apportionment
shall lie made : Jlnd provided further, That no mineral lands
shall be selected or purchased under the provisions of tins
act.
Third amendment:
Pa?c D, line ten, after the word State," insertkk or Ter-
ritory."
Fourth amendment:
1 Pai;e 5. line thirteen, after the wojJ" institution" Ptribe
out "and the agricultural department of the Patent Office,
at Washington."
Mr. MORRILL. I think the House under-
stands fully the amendments as they have been
read from the Clerk's desk. The mam and ma-
terial amendment is, that all those States that
shall have an increase of representation after the
census of 1860, shall have an additional twenty
i thousand acres for each Representative they may
have over and above what they have under the
' apportionment of lb50.
: The other amendment inserting the words " or
1 Territory," relates to a provision, that in no case
: shall any State, to which land scrip may be issued,
locate the same within the limits of any other
State, and extends that provision to Territories.
: The last amendment, striking out the agncul-
1 tural departmentof the Patent Office at Washing-
; ton, is quite immaterial, because the Lull provides
, that the reports shall be made to the Smithsonian:
! Institution, where they will be equally accp&sdble
1 as they would be, if sent to the Patent Office.
I now call the previous question on concurring m
the amendments.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont one question.
; Mr. MORRILL. I must decline to withdraw
the previous question for any one.
Mr. COBB. 1 move to lay the amendments
upon the table.
Mr. BLISS. 1 ask for the reading of the bill,
I as amended by the Senate.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is not
S in order. ^Thc original text has passed from the
, consideration of the House.
Mr. BLISS. The effect of this motion is to kill
I the bill, and have ve not the right to know what
litis!
