1P08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. RITCHIE. I take an appeal if the Chair
decides that it is not in order to compare the
amendment of the Senate with the original sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made no
such decision. He does not say that a compar-
ison may not be made with the bill, or any part
of it.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman from Ohio puts
a hypothetical case that, if the charge, as made
by me be true, then this Commissioner is guilty
of culpable stupidity, or of the grossest malfeas-
ance in ofSce. I intend to show that that denun-
ciation of his constituent, by himself, is just.
The CHAIRMAN The Chair does not think
that pertinent to the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I intend to direct my remarks to
the amendment of the Senate. I want to show
that this Indian bureau ought to be removed to
the War Department. *
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I move that my
colleague be allowed to proceed in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. The charge was originally made
by the gentleman from Missouri, and I only put
in a denial.
Mr. BLAIR. Not only are the remarks I made
upon this floor true, as to the fact that the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, Mr. Manypenny, fur-
nished the Indians with arms who were hostile
to the white people; not only is that true, but Mr.
Jefferson Davis, at that time Secretary of War,
declared, in his place in the other raouse, that
when the War Department was sending out troops
against them, the Commissioner was arming those
Indians fo fight these troops. Now, sir, to show
that the Commissioner knew that these Indians
were hostile, I shall proceed to read from the re-
port of Miller, the Indian agent. He says:
"On tlie morning of the 12th July, all hands having come
m,?md having nil thing? ready, I*called the chiefs o| the
iwo tribes together, foi the pin pose of having a talk before
making the distribution. The Comanehes came forward
as friend-*, in a friendly manner; the Kiovvas with sullen
countenances, and with bows strung, and their hands full
of arrows, impatient for the least exou&o to make an attack.
1 spoke to them as plainly as circumstances surrounding
would permit, telling them' theii Great Father had heaidof
the wtoiig* they had committed on the road, and that he
was angrv,  u<f if they persisted in their outrageous eon-
duct he would certainly send hi-soldiers. against them, who
would de^roy them a'' fne does the grass on the prairie.
To winch  h**y replied, as might have been expected, m a
taunting and contemptuous manner. They said they knew
then Gieat Father sent them pi events because he feared
them; thai he was nn hiave, or he would not talk so much,
hut would net; would send the voldier*, of whoso coming
they had been told ol from year to year, but had never been
yet on the praiue.
<k There h no u.>e of denj nig the fact that the sending of
present* lo these Indians from year to year, notwithstand-
ing-their continued and almost daily outrage* on the Santa
F6 trail, can have no other effect than to create a con-
tempt in their mmd> for the (.iovernment; and. if priM-ted
jii, inu^t inevitably iesu!t in an outbreak of all the other
tubes in mi agency. The head men ofthe-n tubes told mo
that it was with the greatest diflieultv they were able io
control their young; men, who, seeing the Kiowas have not
only thus far escaped the punishment due them, but re-
ceived their presents as tf they had done uo wrong, and this
regularly every year.
"I would, therefore, earnestly,but respectfully, urge that
the punishment so uchly deceived be no longer withheld,
and that no moie presents be sent to them until they have
been brought to a proper *eri«e of their obligations to the
Government. I subsequently learned at Bent's Fort, that
on the verv day I distributed to them, a war party of Kio-
was laid waste a ranch*- near Moro. New Mexico."
Now, sir, here is what the superintendent of
Indian affairs, in the Missouri or central agency,
says, in his letter to Air. Manypenny, about these
very Indians:
Die Comanehes, who spend the winter months m the
country below the Arkansas committing depredations along
the froitiieis of Tex'ns as tar the Jlio Grande, are a wild
and intractable race ; well supplied with hordes, they en-
rich themselves by rapine in the youth, and in the spring
proceed noiihwaidly m puismt of buffaloes. They pitch
their lodges on the hanks of the Arkansas, and there await
the annual airival of their agent with the goods for distri-
bution among them. The annuities they receive fiom the
Government they regard a? a compensation for permitting
travelers to pa^ unmolested along tlie Santa Ft road.
Thev, like the Kiowas, are audacious and insolent, and
always exhibit to the Indian agent evidences of their power,
mid their utter contempt for the officers of the Govern-
ment
That is what Mr. Cummings, the superintend-
ent of Indian affairs for that district, says.
[Here tlie hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. 1 withdraw my amendment; and
move now to strike out the last line of the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. With the consent of the
committee, the gentleman from Missouri with-
draws his amendment, and proposes to amerid by
striking out the last line of the amendment.
Mr. COX. I object to the gentleman with-
drawing his amendment, unless I have a chance
to answer him. If I have, I am perfectly willing
that the gentleman shall proceed.
Mr. BLAIR. I will not withdraw the amend-
ment I now offer; and as the gentleman from
Ohio can speak in opposition, I hope he will not
consume all my time.
Mr. COX. All I want is an understanding that
I shall have an opportunity of replying.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
has a right to object to the withdrawal of the
amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. It is too late, now. I offered
another amendment before the gentleman ob-
jected.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of or-
der. I say, in advance, that I have no objection
—if the committee be willing to indulge them—
that these gentlemen should go on ad libitum. But
I am opposed to this sort of debate, which is out
of order. The gentleman ought to be confined to
his amendment; and I insist upon it, unless per-
mission be given.
Mr. BLAIR. I never asked to make a per-
sonal explanation in the House before.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucy will remember that the Chair expressly sub-
mitted to the committee, whether it would con-
sent to the explanation. The Chair ruled the
gentleman out of order, and said that if the point
of order were insisted upon, the Chair would cut
off the debate. The committee acquiesced, and
permitted the gentleman to procced.
Mr. BURNETT. For five minutes. I make
another question of order, that the gentleman can-
not withdraw his amendment, and, by offering an
amendment, thereby retain the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will remember, that under the 34th rule, a
gentleman has permission to withdraw his amend-
ment, if the committee shall consent to it, and
then he can propose to amend again. If objection
had been made, the Chair would have ruled that
the amendment could not be withdrawn.
Mr. BURNETT. The Chair will recollect that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] did object.
Mr. COX. 1 made the objection.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Ohio states that he made objection, of course the
Chair will recognize him.
Mr. COX. 1 made the objection; but I said
that, with the understanding that I could reply, I
would withdraw my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman from
Ohio slate that he made an objection at the time
the Chair put the question to the committee ?
Mr. COX. I made the objection; but I with-
draw it, with the understanding that I shall be
allowed to reply.
Mr. BLAIR. Here is what Mr. Manypenny
says, in reply to the suggestion made to him by
Mr. Miller, the Indian agent.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The remarks of the gentleman are
not in support of the amendment submitted by
him.
Mr. BLAIR. I intend to come to that point,
and show that my remarks are relevant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has heard the
gentleman for one five minutes, and does not re-
gard the remarks of the gentleman as explana-
tory.
Mr. BLAIR. More of my time has been occu-
pied by the Chair and by the gentleman on the
other side than by myself; and it is only equity
that I should have five minutes more.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is perfectly
willing to indulge the gentleman, with the con-
sent of the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I will say that if this
personal explanation is to be made, I have no ;
objection to it; but I want both gentlemen to be j
heard. With that understanding, I shall certainly I
interpose no objection
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must object to
any arrangement of that kind, and must insist
that debate shall be confined to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman's remarks are not in explanation
of his amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I intend to show that my remarks
ore relevant to the amendment of the Senate, and
that, with my amendment, it ought to be adopted
by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can show
by his argument that his amendment ought to be
adopted; and to enable him to do so he has a right
to refer to that or any other amendment before the
committee. But, then, the amendment proposed
by the gentleman has no relevancy whatever to
the action of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR. I want to show that the Indian
department ought to be placed under the War
Department.
The CHAIRMA3NT. That is what the amend-
ment of the Senate proposes, and the gentleman
proposes to amend that amendment. The gentle-
man has a right to refer to the entire amendment
to show that the amendment he proposes ought
to be adopted.
Mr. BLAIR. Then I modify the amendment
so as to make it take effect on the 25th of June.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object to the
withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, I have a right now to de-
bate my amendment, and to show that the Indian
department ought to be immediately transferred
from the Interior to the War Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a righ*
to debate his amendment to the Senate amend
ment.
Mr. BLAIR. And to show that the Indian de
partment ought to be transferred at once to the
War Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Missouri is to strike ou-
the last line of the proviso to the amendment oi
the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I have withdrawn that amend ■
ment, and submitted another.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection was made to
its withdrawal.
Mr. SEWARD. We are wasting time. I ask
the unanimous consent of the committee that the
gentleman from Missouri be allowed ten minutes
to make his explanation. We shall save time by
pursuing that course.
Mr. LETCHER. And let the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] have ten minutes to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to that .
arrangement?
Mr. CURRY. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn; it will save time.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentteman from Penn-
sylvania has not got the floor for the purpose of
making that motion.
Mr. GROW. Who has the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR. Now, sir, in regard to this mat-
ter 
Mr. CURRY. I do not object to a personal
explanation, but I do object to anything outside
of that.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to read, for the informa-
tion of the House 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will suspend for a moment.
Mr. BLAIR. What is the matter now?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry]
withdraws his objection to ten minutes being al-
lowed to the gentleman from Missouri to make
his explanation, and ten minutes to the gentleman
from Ohio to reply. Is there objection to that?
No objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Missouri will proceed.
Mr. BLAIR. What does Mr. Manypenny say
about this Indian policy ? Wbatdoeshe say about
the suggestion of his own agent, who was sent
there to acquire a knowledge of the disposition of
the Indians towards the Government, and towards
the whites? He says:
"The ' policy' of retaining a portion of the annuities of
1855-56 in the Treasury until next spring, was not submit-
ted to the agent lor his views. That question was determ-
ined here, and, with the approbation of the Secretary of the
Interior, action was taken, of winch you were mtormed by
letter of 14th August, and the sums deemed proper sent for-
ward, and which the agent has received. The prnpnety, or
policy, of the measure did not come before agent Miller,
