1859.
and his reference to the subject, in that p.'jnt of V;ew, is as
inappropriate as his views are, in my opinion, inconsistent
with the true interests of the Indians themselves."
That letter was not in response to the letter of
the Indian agent which I have already read upon
this floor. It is not in regard to the arms, I ad-
mit, but it is in regard to'another suggestion made
by the agent, and it shows Jiow he pnnbbed this
man Miller, his own agent, wliom he had sent out
to ascertain the disposition of the Indians, when
he ventured to make'a suggestion.
I will now show that Mr. Manypenny did send
arms to the Indians, after their hostility was as-
certained. I read froma letter, of Colooel Sumner,
dated August 19, 1857:
" Sir : The object of the Cheyenne expedition was to de-
mand from that tribe the perpetrators of their late outrages
upon the whites, and ample security for their future good
conduct. Failing in this, those Indians were to be chas-
tised. As they showed no disposition to yield to these de-
mands upon them, but, on'the contrary, met the troops in
battle array, they have been whipped, and their principal
town burnt to Ihe ground. Under these circumstances I
know it would not be the wish of the Government that the
arms, ammunition, and other goods sent into the country
for those Indians should be iert' here a prey for them to
seize (which thev would certainly do) as some indemnity
for the chastisement they have received.
'• I therefore feel it to be my duty to direct that all the
goods for the Cheyennes, now at this place, be disposed of
as follows: As you have no means of transportation, ypu
will please turn over to Lieutenant Wheton, acting assist-
ant coirimir.sary, all the subsistence stores, to be paid for
at cost and charges, or replaced at this point whenever re
quired by your Department. The ammunition will be de-
stroyed. The guris, and as many of the goods as the quar-
termaster can transport, wifl be taken out of the country.
The residue of the goods you will please distribute as you
may think proper to the friendly Indians, as an adyance
on their next year's annuities. This, however will, of
course, be subject to the approval of your Department."
Thatisaletter written by Colonel Sumner after
his chastisementof the Cheyennes; and hehad to
seize the arms and ammunition then in the hands
of the Indian agent upon the banks of the Ark-
ansas, to prevent the Cheyennes from getting
possession of them to use against his expedition,
and against all the white men with whom they
were in hostility. Did not the Government know,
when the arms and ammunition were sent, that
the Cheyennes were arrayed in hostility against
the Government? The fact was known, because
Colonel Sumner had been dispatched with instruc-
tions to chastise these very Indians.
Now, Colonel Manypenny, who was the Com-
"missioner of Indian Affairs at the time these goods
were sent, and is therefore responsible, says, in
the article in the Ohio Statesman, which the gen-
tleman from Ohio read yesterday:
" The editor of the Statesman did made a contract for
some American rifles in the fall of 1856, to be supplied in
the year 1857."
And these are the very guns that were on the
banks of the Arkansas, and which Colonel Sum-
ner was obliged to' seize; they were American
rifles. He pretends,' in this article, that these
Indians are entitled, under their treaty, to receive
such arms from the Government. Now, I cla^m
that they are not. The arms furnished to the
Indians are what are called northwestern guns.
They are little pop-guns, with which nothing can
be killed but the buffaloes; because you cannot
approach the smaller game near enough to kill
with the north western gun; and they are per-
fectly useless in battle, against the troops armed
with the usual arms of the service. It was the
folly of this man, Manypenny; it was his •' stu-
pidity, " as it has been denominated by his im-
mediate Representative, that induccd him to send
out American rifles, and put theni in the .rnnds
of Indians who were, at the time, arrayed in hos-
tility against this Government, and against whom
an armed expedition had been dispatched.
Now, there is another remarkable circumstance
of which we have heard nothing here. In the re-
port made by Miller, which 1 have read, he says
tli t he made a report in 1856, advising the De-
partment here, that Shavehead, the chief of the
Comanches, being dead, the nation would be in
hostility with the whites; and that leport was
suppressed by the Commissioner, or at least it was
not printed, for I do not find it anywhere in the
report of the Commissioner for 185G. I have it
from men who saw this agent Miller deal out the
rifles to these very Indians when they were hos-
tile, and were insulting him and threatening him,
and he excused himself to the white people who
saw him, for so doing, by saying that he had
written a.letter.to Commissioner Manypenny
making a suggestion on the subject, and that he
had been snubbed" by Manypenny, the head
of the-department here in Washington, for inter-
fering, or. faring to.advise him as to,what waa
prpper.
•Now, sir, weal! know—it is a cnatterof which
we, have, heard authentically—that the rifles sup-
plied,by this Commissioner were manufactured at
Lancaster,; Pennsylvania, by a very,good friend
of the President, who has a.contract for supply-
ing American rifles to be given tq the Indians.who
are in hostility with us. Th,ese very Iudiansj had
destroyed a rancho at the mouth of the Red c^iion,
on Canadian Pork of the-Arkansas, as it is called,
and had killed one white man and several Mexi-
cans, shortly after being supplied by the Indian
department with these American rifles. . An appeal
was made to General Garland, then commanding
in New Mexico, for assistance to punish the In-
dians. He refused to give any assistance what-
ever. The same man declared war against the
Navajo nation because they had killed a negro
belonging to Captain Brooks, of the Army. It
seems that all the while the Indian department
was dealing out, with a liberal hand, arms to the
hostile Indians to beat down the traffic across
from Missouri to New Mexico, and when arms
and ammunition were furnished to them, when
they were'hostile, yet the Government refused to
give any kind of protection.
I believe that the whole policy of the Indian
department is characterized by imbecility. That
is the concurrent opinion of all persons who have
had any dealings beyond the frontier of the coun-
try. I have daily communication with men who
have spent their lives upon the wild prairies be-
yond the frontier, and I have had the pleasure of
residing in the Territory of New Mexico for a
short time; and I know, sir, that the trade be-
tween that country and Missouri has to run the
gauntlet of hostile Indian tribes that are furnished
with arms and ammunition from the Indian de-
partment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to make a remark. I shall not pre-
tend to enter into the controversy in regard to the
conduct of Mr. Manypenny. I leave that to the
gentleman from Missouri and the gentleman from
Ohio. I will say, however, that, in my inter-
course with Mr. Manypenny, I have always re-
garded him as an honest man. Perhaps, in his
zeal to take care of the Indians under his charge,
he may have committed errors. All I now desire
to say is, that so far as the office is now consti-
tuted, the policy is, has been, and I understand
will be, where Indians assume a hostile :attitude
toward .the Government or people of the United
States, to withhold annuities, of whatever char-
acter, that may be due them.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, the statement of
the gentleman from Arkansas is doubtless right,
and the policy he refers to is also right. I be-
lieve that it was the policy uniformly pursued by
ex-Commissioner Manypenny. The charge which
the gentleman from Missouri made here was, that
Colonel Manypenny, after being ad-vised specif-
ically by agent Miller, that these tribes were hos-
tile, and were using these arms against the whites,
had the diabolical malice, or something worse, to
send more arms to those Indians for the direct
purpose of making war upon the whites. That
is his charge.
Mr. BLAIR. That is exactly what Mr. Mil-
ler said.
Mr. COX. Let me go on. Such a charge ought
not to be made here against any man without the
best testimony, and especially against a mail
whose official conduct is above reproach; and as
to which we have the statement of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Green-
wood,] that if he ever erred, it was only zeal in
the discharge of his duty as the guardian of the
Indians.
Mr. Chairman, I have been to the Indian Office
to examine into this matter somewhat. I would
not make nor refute charges on rumor. I do not
make statements upon what somebody said he
heard some one else say he saw in that country.
The facts, as I gathered them this morning in the
Indian Office, are these; In toe fall of 1856, Mi.
Miller's report caine1 to. that office. .. That was
while Colonel Manypenny was Commissionertef
Indian Affairs. In that report be recommended,
not that arms should not be sent; no,8ir;Wtti e
substitution of rifles of- large bore, and flint iosk,
for the northwestern shot-guns.Tbesegu«s,sbe
it known, are those- withwhieh: the IwdiaP'S tiSBd
to bring down their small game. !
Mr. BLAIR. I' want, do ask.the, gentleoiin a
question. Whyis1 notthat report published?
The CHAIRMAN. -The genttettiKn is-out of
order. The gentlemanfrom 0&iorefusesto:yieJd.
. Mr. BLAIR. I wish to say  . ,•
[Criesof,, Order!" "Ord^r!'']
Mr., COX. The gentleman fiom Missouri.maide
this charge when there -was nobody here .convers-
ant-with the facts toi defend Colonel Manypettny.
This charge was made before the whole .flat ion.
It impeached one of our best office rs,and that,
too, of so heinous a malfeasance that the g'entle-
man ought to have been aure of the,facta before
he made the charge.
Mr. Miller, then, in the fall of 1856; called for
these arms. The Indian«ffie,ejna<le,iaSitaIvi&ys
makes, its contracts with a view to these calls.
It cannot advisedly advertise for bids iwitli.out
them. On the 31st of March, 1857, and before
the arms were, sent out, Colonel Manyperjny W.ent
out of office. His policy had always beere.nejfqr
to send out arms which would,in any reasonable
probability, be used against the whiles;'Hud in
forming his judgment lie had, in a graat measure,
to rely on tlie reports of his subordinates.
Mr. BLAIR. The present editor of the States-
man did make a contract for .somf A merican
rifles.
Mr. COX. No one denies that. But-1 did not
interrupt the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is not in order.
■Mr. COX. Mr. Miller eame on here in the
spring of 1858. At that time the question e«aa,e
up whether arms should be sent out ? It was made
a question then; for some of these Indians,-as I
was informed at the Indian Office, wfio had .gQt
arms, had gone down to Texas, by. the Wachita
route, the year before, to make war upon some
other Indians with whom ttieyhad a traditionary
feud. A difficulty, too, had sprung ap twith the
whites, whohad indiscriminately mingled in these
difficulties. It is just as likely that such difficul-
ties would have occurred, if the Indians had only
been armed with arrows. The difficulties thegen-
tleman speaks of on the Santa • Fe .road., and at
other places, would just as likely have occurred
had not these arms been given. The object of the
Indian Office in giving arms to these Indian'?, was
one arising from motive of humanity, l lietrains
had driven the buffalo away from their haunts,
so that they were compelled to subsist on other
game. For reasons I need not give here, they use
the arrow for the buffalo, but prefer the gun for
the small game. I understand what I say, when
I tell the House that it was indispensable to the
support of these Indians that they should have
guns, in the absence of the buffalo, in order to
keep themselves from absolute want. These gunis
were sent to them from motives of humanity, thqt
they might live; that they might not starve, and,
by their desperate condition, become an annoy-
ance to the whites. The Indian Office ^as-alone
actuated by zeal for the good of the Indians under
its care, by giving them guns. Had it. not done
this, the Government would have been bound to
appropriate money to pay for supplies, to them to
keep them from starvation.
But to proceed: Mr. Miller came here in,1858,
and advised either the sending of arms, or send-
ing of an escort from, the Army to whip these
Indians into submission. He said he could not
go into the Indian territory under his charge
without an escort, or unless he took these arms
for distribution. He said the Indians always ex-
pected these guns with their presents; and that,
unless they were sent, there would be difficulty.
He preferred the arms to the escort. He would
not risk his life by going there; but that if he bad
these arms, he could preserve friendly relations
with the tribes under his charge. A letter of his
to that effect, dated 30th April, 1858, was written
by him, and is now on file at the department. It
was put in this authentic shape at the request of
^ the Indian Office. Thisagent, Miller, who is said
