aSL.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
to have warned Colonel Manypenny, is thus
shown to have comc-here afterwards and hsked I
th&t'thesearms might be sent along with the other
presents, so that he might pacify the Indians and
save them from starving, and the whites from
depredation. He could not get the escort from
th« War Office. He-took the arms and distributed
them.
These I understand to be the facts of the case.
They show that Colonel 'Manypeny was not
"warned" by the agent; that he pursued the
usual pacific policy; that he pursued it with good
motives wisely; and that when these arms were
sent, in 1857, he was not in office. Whore, then,
is the foundation for the charge of the gentleman
from Missouri? It is utterly baseless.
One word as to the general character of this ex-
Commissioner. There is not a man on this floor,
that knows anything in regard to him, who does
not know that he stood here for years fighting
•Missouri and other claim agents.
Mr. BLAIR. And fighting them with the aid
of the Indians.
Mr. COX. Always standing on the side of the
Indians, as he was oound to do !
Mr.-BLAIR. And giving the Indians rifles to
fight them with.
Mr. COX. All the time standing against these
plundering schemers, who push in from the bor-
ders upon the Indian Office, crying out " give,
give," from the Treasury, not for the good of the
" poor Indian," but for the benefit of these Indian
sharks whom the gentleman is now, by implica-
tion, defending. I know the animus of this at-
tack on Colonel Manypenny.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to say —
Mr. COX Colonel Manypenny stood for years
like a rock against all these claims agents and
Indian-robbers; and now that he is gone home,
after a faithful discharge for four years of the
great trust reposed in him, he is not permuted to
rest from his worthy labors. His character is
dear to his friends in Ohio. He earned it hon-
estly. It can never be called in question but to
his advantage and added honor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As I understand it, i think
the service had better remain under the control of
the Secretary of the Interior.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Illinois wishes to debate the subject he will have to
otter an amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am opposed to a concur-
rence with the Senate in its amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concnr-
rence in the amendment of the Senate. The effect
of the amendment is to transfer the Indian de-
partment to the War Department.
The CH AIRMAN. 'I he gentleman from Mis-
souri is not in order.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting, instead of the words " the
30th day of June next," the words, the " 1st day
of March next." The object of this amendment
is to let the proposed change go sooner into effect.
I consider it a very important reform, and regret
very much that the Committee of Ways and
Means should have recommended non-concur-
rence. The amendment is simply this: to transfer
the Indian department from the Secretary of the
Interior to the Secretary of War. Formerly, it
■was under the control of the Secretary of War,
and it had this great advantage: the Secretary of
War, who is called upon, after all, to cxerciso
the necessary police over these Indians, had a
constant knowledge of what was going on among
the Indian tribes, and could, by a proper disposal
of the foice under his direction, often anticipate
and prevent outbreaks and consequent wars.
Now, he is only called upon to interfere when it,
is too late, and when we have to go into a regular
system of hostilities. The transfer of the Indian
department from the control of the Secretary of
War to the control of the Secretary of the In-
terior, instead of being a reform, was one of those
nva*ures that tend to interpose obstacles and de-
lays in the transaction of the business of Govern-
ment, and that make Government much more of
a cm umlocution office.
Tins amendment of th<> Senate; was rccom-
2ften<l-ul by the Secretary of War; it was approved
by the Secretary of the Interior; it has the appro-
bation, as I understand) of the Commissioner of
, Indian Affairs; it was reported, I believe, unani-
1 mously by the Indian Committee m the Senate; !
it was approved by the Finance Committee in the [
Senate; and passed the Senate with scarcely as
dissenting voice. I believe there are few reforms
in our po#er which would do more to promote
the efficiency of the Government, and to prevent
Indian troubles and hostilities, and thereby save
expense and trouble to the Government, than this
very amendment. I hope, therefore, the House
will concur with the Senate.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 have very great doubts,
Mr. Chairman, about the propriety of making
this change. As I understand the amendment of
the Senate, it is to transfer the charge of the In-
dian department from a civil department of the
Government to the War Department. To that I
have very serious objections. I know no reason
m the world why, when we treat with these In-
dian tribes as separate and independent nations;
when we negotiate with them, and make treaties
with them as nations, we should put them under
the tender mercies of the War Department of this
Government. I do not undcistand that that would
be a reform at all. I have listened to the debate
on the subject, and I cannot find any reason at i
ail for the change. My ideas are, that the Gov-
ernment should treat the Indians with the same
consideration,and be governed towards them by
the same enlightened views, as influence our in-
tercourse with other nations of the earth. More .
! so. If there is any portion of the people of the \
; continent who ought to be governed and regu- |
[ lated in a spnit of kindness, it is the Indian :
1 tribes. 1, for one, prefer that, in all that pertains J
to their social condition, to their advancement in j
1 social intercourse, they should be under the con- ;
1 trol of a civil department of the Government,
rather than that their interests should be com-
, mitted to the War Department of the country.
| What, sir, have been the fruits of the inter-
' course of the Army with the Indians in the past |
! six years? Why, I recollect one notable instance, !
four years ago, in which the folly of an Army of- j
| ficer involved this Government in a war, and in [
; an expense of veiy neaily two million dollars, i j
| say that the spirit which ought to be manifested j
> by this Government towards the Indians is a j
spirit of kindness rather than of hostility; and I ,
do not want the interests of these tribes commit- j
ted to the tender mercies of the War Department j
at all. It is better to feed them than to fight them; j
I and it is more economical, too, m my judgment, j
! Now, if any gentleman can show me that the \
I Department of the Interior is incompetent to at- j
! tend to all the interests of these tribes, is incom- j
! petent to attend to their social condition, and to
I regulate their affairs, I shall be willing to make ,
| this change; but I believe that the experience of [
' the Government in the last fouryears has shown j
' that kindness and treaty intercourse with the In- |
: dians, are better than hostility; and I am, there-
I fore, utterly opposed to the change contemplated
! by this amendment of the Senate.
! Mr. GARNETT, by unanimous consent, with-
I drew his amendment.
! Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to strike out
I " June," and insert " July," merely for the pur-
I pose of making a correction. I have n$ partic-
• ular feeling about this amendment of the Senate; !
! but the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, j
i [Mr. Garnett,] in regard to the views, upon this !
' subject, of the Secretary of War and the Secro- !
i tary of the Interior, may have some weight with j
! the committee when they comc to vote on the !
! amendment. Now, I do not undcistand that the !
; Secretary of the Interior has expressed any opin- ;
J ion, in writing, on this subject; or that he has j
been called upon to do so. His opinion, as I 1
understand it, is that, if the proposed transfer is j
made, radical changes should be made in the In- ;
i dian superintendences and agencies. The Com- ;
! missioner of Indian Affairs, of course, expresses !
1 no opinion on the subject. ;
Mr. GARNETT. I should be very sorry to
; misiepresentany officer; but I thought! had good ,
authority for saying—and, with due deference to I
the gentleman from Arkansas, I still think so— '
that, while the Secretary of War would not, of i
_■ course, recommend this change, still he and the |
ii Comnussionei of Indian Allans, at least, do not i
disapprove of it. I know that the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate approved of it; (hat it was
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs of
the Senate; and that not a vote was casi sgamst
it in the Senate, although I believe one gentle-
man did indicate disapproval.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I think that the Secre-
tary of the Interior has expressed no opinion in
regard to it; but has simply stated that, if the
transfer be made, some radical changes ought to
accompany it.
Mr. GROW. lam opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Arkansas, and in favor of
the amendment of the Senate, and I will state
briefly my reason for supporting that amendment.
When the War Department is charged with the
protection of the frontiers, the prevention of In-
dian depredations, and the preservation of peace
there, should it notalso be charged with theinter-
conrse with the people who commit the depreda-
tions and disturb the peace upon the frontier*
Let our intercourse with the Indians, as was said
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] be
that of kindness; but any one who knows any-
thing of the Indian character, knows that his fear
can be more strongly appealed to than his love.
Let the intercourse of the Government with him,
then, be with bread in one hand and the sword in
the other. I think you will preserve the peace of
the frontier, and put a stop to Indian depredations
and hostilities, better by allowing the War De-
partment to manage the Indians, so long as you
charge that Department with the duty of main-
taining peace and protecting the frontier; and, for
that reason, I hope the amendment of the Senate
will be concurred it.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HASfCIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Seriate by striking out the word
" President " in the nineteenth line and inserting
<( Secretary of the Treasury.99
Mr Chairman, I am opposed to the adoption
of the amendment of the Senate, and in favor of
concurring in the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I am opposed to this
kind of legislation, because I think it is indirect,
covert,and mean. In the constitution of the State
which I have the honor, in part, to represent upon
this floor, wc have a provision that no bill before
the Legislature, of a general nature, shall em-
brace more than one subject, and that shall be
specified in its title. This, sir, is a bill " making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with certain Indian tribes."
Now, if the Constitution of the United States
contained a similar provision to the one in the
constitution of New York, to which I have re-
ferred, in my judgment a great deal of smuggling
legislation would thereby be prevented. This
scction has been interpolated by the Senate into
an appropriation bill, and by it one of the Depart-
ments of this Government is to be materially
changed, and that, too, without any recommend-
ation of such change by our venerable President
in his message.
But, sir, apart from these considerations, I op-
pose the amendment upon other grounds. I am
satisfied, from what has been said in the course
of this debate, that this is an effort to get rid, by
indnection, of a Commissioner of Indian Affairs;
and I understand that the Piesident of the United
States makes that appointment. Sir, I am not
willing, by any vote of mine, to say that I have
confidence in the War Department, and have not
confidence in the Department of the Interior. The
War Department, under its present head, has
expended more money during the past two years
j than was ever expended during a like period un-
I dor any former Secretary of War—even during
| the Mexican war. If you are to judge of theex-
! penditures of that Department for the next two
| years, by its expenditures during the two last, its
; expenditures during the four years of the present
j Secretary will exceed, by $12,342,578, the ex-
, ppnses of the Department m the years 1846,1847,
i 1848, and 1849, under Mr. Maioy, and when wo
| were carrying on our brilliant war with Mexico.
! Sir, I am opposed to conferring upon that De-
j partment additional patronage; and I judge, from
! this discussion, that this is a mere strife for pa-
i tronage. It has already proven, by its enormous
