1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
expenses in relation to the Utah war, that it should j
not have this additional power conferred upon it. j
And I believe that the Department of the Interior j
has been conducted with more fairness and in- }
tegrity daring the present Administration than
any other Department of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 am very sorry
that the gentleman from New York should allow
himself to be governed in his judgment upon this
measure by his own peculiar personal feelings
and prejudices; and yet I think that there can be
no doubt that he has done so. The question is
not one between the two Secretaries. The ques-
tion is as to which of these Departments could
most successfully and economically conduct this
branch of the public service. That is the whole
question. The only question which seems to be
controlling is, " can we save money, and, at the
same time, protect the interests of the country. "
If so, it does not matter what the gentleman may
think of this or that officer. It is his duty to £0
for it. So far as the immediate proposition of the
gentleman is concerned, I suppose there can be
no difficulty. In my opinion, the true policy on
the part of the Government is that a retransfer
should be made from the Interior to the War
Department. I am satisfied that, if that be done,
the Indian affairs will go on more harmoniously,
more economically than before, and that the great
interests of the Union will be better protected.
Therefore, I trust it will be the pleasure of the
House to as;ree to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to strike j
out all after the word " repeal," in the fifth line. j
The amendment I move, Mr. Chairman, gives j
me an opportunity to explain the reasons winch 1
actuated the Committee of Ways and Means to |
recommend a non-concurrence in the amendment i
of the Senate. Gentlemen have advocated con- j
currence m the amendment, because it will save
money to the public Tieasury. Does the amend- <
ment propose to do away with a single superin- :
tendent? Does it propose to doaway with a single j
Indian agent? Does it propose to dispense with ;
the scrvice of a single sub-agent employed in the j
Indian country? Nothing of the kind is in the ^
amendment. When the Indian Department was j
under the control of the War Department, you i
had civil officers ail over the Indian country, as .
agents and sub-agents. The duties were notdis- ,
charged by officers of the Ai my, nor will the duties ]
of Indian agents be discharged by officers of the j
Army, if this retransfer is made.
It is said that you send the olive branch in one I
hand and the sword in another. You do not do
it. The troops aie stationed at such posts as the ■
Secretary of War may order. The standing or-
der Willi them is that they shall endeavor to pre-
serve peace with the Indiana. The Indian agents
are instructed to keep the Indians quiet If the
Indians are refractoi v or engaged in plunder, it is
the duty of the Indian agent to make that known
to the nearest mihtaiy post; then the troops are
to take such action as the circumstances may war-
rant.
Mr. GROW. Does it not often happen that
the Secretary of the Interior has one policy and
the War Department another? Is there not often
a conflict between the Departments ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The policy of
the Government with reference to the Indians is
settled here, and not m the Indun country. 11is
determined here by the President and his Cioi-
net, and not by officers of the Army, or Indian
agents. There is no conflict, as I understand it,
butween the War Department^aud the otlice of
Indian affairs, in reference to tins matter.
The Committee of Ways and Means thought
it impolitic to adopt this amendment upon an_ap-
propriation bill, just at the close of the session,
when there is not a single argument offered show-
ing how it will save one doHai to the Treasury.
Mr. CUllTIS. I am disposed to favor the
amendment of the Senate, for the reason that^ I
believe it will economize m the public expendi-
ture/ It is true, as the gentleman has said, that this
amendment does not propose to dispense with
any supeiintemleut of Indian affairs. I do^ not
a°Tee tiiat there is no conflict between the War
and Interior Departments. 1 do know,fu>m my
own observation of the frontier, that the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, some years ago, made
an excursion to the fronueis. He spoke of a
distinct conflict between his Department and the
War Department. Whenever you send a com-
missioner to the Indians, you have to send a mil-
itary force; and generally, when you send a
military force against the Indians, you send a
commissioner.
Here, then, you have two different Departments
operating in thesamefield. Therearealwayssome
prejudices and feelings between men occupying
like positions in different Departments of the Gov-
ernment. There is a pride of position and a de-
termination on the part of each to support its own
views. When you send out a military commis-
sion against the Indians, why cannot a quarter-
master or paymaster discharge the duties of a
commissioner ? There is no reason why two of-
ficers should be sent on the same service; and I
have no doubt that if the matter were left to the
Secretary of War he would economize and avoid
the sending out of more officers than were neces-
sary to discharge a duty. Some years ago I rec-
ollect that a commissioner was sent out to Min-
nesota by order of the Indian Office. Not having
a sufficient number of Army officers at hand, he
took up citizens there at great expense. If the
matter had been under the control of the War
Department, soldiers would have been sent, and
that expense would have been saved.
I recollect when General Harney went against
the Sioux Indians, he went there for the purpose
of vindicating the honor of his country; he slaugh-
tered a great number of Indians. At the same
time an agent of the Indian department went
there, and while there the Indians were enraged
and inflamed against the United States. He fed
them and clothed them. There was here a con-
flict between these two departments. The direc-
tion of Indian affairs ought to be with the War
Department, for it can then take rare of them and
protect them. I do not suppose there is any more ,
hostility against the Indians in one Department '
than m'another. I do not see why the War De-
partment may not protect and take care of the
Indians as well as any other. You must not sup-
pose, because the profession of arms is one of war,
| that, therefore,*they are all savages, and disposed
! to act cruelly toward the Indians. They under-
; stand what l* due to the Indians as well as does !
i the Interior Depaitment, and are as much inclined j
to do them justice. j
Mr. Phelps's amendment, by unanimous con-1
sent, was withdrawn. i
Mr. BRYAN. I move a pro forma amendment. ;
I hope, Mr. Chairman, that the amendment j
of the Senate will be adopted. I have listened j
with some interest to the debate on this subject; j
audi ha\e heard nothing; to change my opinion, !
foimed from experience of the Indian rcserva- ;
1 tions in my district. 3 know that conflicts do arise :
j between the War and the Interior Departments, i
I I have recent occasion to know that fact. The ;
j troops were oidered away fiom the reservations ■
, in Texas when it was most important that they !
i should be there, in grder to protect the Indians '
i upon those reservations from incursions of wnd
i Indians; and also to keep those Indians m sub-
! jectmu. ;
] Now, if the Indian department were attached ;
| to the War Depaitment, the Secretary of War j
1 could have the communications from the agents ;
I of the different reserves sent to him, and he would 1
; thus be informed of the condition of the Indians
: on the^e reserves. At present ihesc repot ts are ,
| sent to the Secretary of the Interior; while the j
i Army officers stationed near the reserves, send, ;
1 perhaps, an cntirelv different set of reports to the 1
! Secretary of War. "The officers may recommend
I the remo'val of the troops, while the Indian agents
i may recommend their being kept, tleie, then, is
! a conflict. That eonfhet has existed in the State
' of Texas. Hence, u is most important to trans-
! fer the Indian department to the War Depart-
' ment, in order to produce that harmony winch
I thy gentleman from Virginia has spoken of.
I Mr. PHELPS, c.f Missouri. I would inquire
! of the gentleman from Texas whether the hoops
that he refers to, were not ordered to march to
Utah; and whether the same necessity of send-
in^ them to Utah wouUl not have existed if the
Indian service had bfen under the control of the
Secretary of W ar ?
Mr. BRYAN. Apoitionof them were ordered
to Utah and a portion ordered elsewhere, to make
a foray into the Indian territory, ihe remarks
made a short time since by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] are most true. The Indians
come down from the northern frontier of Texas,
with arms furnished them by the Government of
the United States, and make war upon citizens of
Texas. Last May, three hundred wild Caman-
ches were attacked, and arms were found in their
camp having the United States brand upon them.
Those arms are furnished by the United States
agents to be used against citizens of Texas. If.
the control of the Indians were transferred to the
War Department there would be more care tajcen
there, and the troops of the United States would
not be sent to fight an enemy armed by the War
Department. :
Mr. LOYEJOY. I hope the amendment of the
Senate will not be concurred in. In the first place,
if it were offered in the House, it would be ruled
out of order* and I insist that neither the Senate "
nor anybody else shall come in here and do what-'
we cannot do ourselves. I will vote against such
a thing whether it be right or wrong; and if.there.*
were no other reason, I would vote against it for
this.
In the next place, Mr. Chairman, I understand,
and I believe it is a conceded fact, that whatever
purchases are made by the War Department cost
very much more than the purchases made by other
Departments — something like one hundred per
cent., 1 am told.
Mr. SPINNER. And sell cheaper. [A laugh.]
Mr. LOYEJOY. Yes, I believe they do; and
if we transfer the care of the Indians to the War
Department, we necessarily increase the expenses
of our Indian establishment.
Now a single word in regard to that protection
which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis]
has referred to. If I understandthe circumstances,
that war was occasioned by the butchery of inno-
cent Indians by that same Harney. The Indians
said they would make reparation, if he would only
give them time; but the cannon was brought out,
and they were slaughtered indiscriminately. For
one, sir, I never will, by my vote, give the con-
trol of the Indian tribes into the hands of the War
Department, whose tender mercies are cruelty,
so far as the Indians are concerned.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Illinois has done injustice to General Har-
ney, in regard to the slaughter of these Indians.
These Indians had massacred a portion of a de-
tachment of our own troops, and had killed emi-
grants on the plains. General Harney was sent
out with instructions to punish these Indians and
he did so: but he only obeyed his orders.
Mr. LOYEJOY. Yes, he punished the inno-
cent, and let the guilty gov That is what I com-
plain of. I do not care, howev.er, to mix up in
this .debate, anything of a personal character.^
There is enough, which I conceive, outside 01
any considerations affecting any individual, to
induce the House to vote down the amendment,
and to concur in the recommendation of the Com-
: mitiee of Ways and Means.
! Mr. BRYAN withdrew his amendment.
1 Mr. WOODSON. I propose to amend the
j amendment by striking out att after the sixth
; line. My object is simply to make a few remarks
; on the amendment of the Senate. I propose to
| do so for two reasons: first, becaifse I am a mern-
' beroftho Committee on Indian Affairs, and have
| been called upon to examine tins question; and
i second, because I represent a constituency who-
> are much interested in the question now before
; the committee.
There have been two kinds of policy suggested
with regard to the Indians. The one is that of ex-
! termination; which, from the remaiks made by
' gentlemen on the other side of this ^question,
wouIdsScem to be the favorite policy. _ rI he other
■ is that of civilization and ChrisuanizaMon. I hose
who prefer the former will favor their policy by
i votioo- for ihe amendment of the Senate, i hose
1 who prefer the latter will see that the transfer of
' the Indian service to the War Department would
' be ruinous and destructive to their policy. For
' myself, I have no particular choice; but I have
' some mteresun the wen-boms of the white people
' who have intercourse with the Indians. We have
■ intercourse with them under the intercourse  ct,
and under treaties made with the Indians by
' which we have inquired mure than one hundred
! million dollars' worth of their lands. Arc our
! relations with the Indians those of peace or war?
