1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
St.Thomas, compensation $4,000, fees $1,518 38;
Elsineur, compensation $1,500, fees $140 15.
Shall I go on, sir? It is all the same. There
are not six consulates, the fees of which pay the
salary; and yet it was said to us that if we would
pass a law requiring the fees of the consulates to
lie paid into the Treasury of the United States,
they alone would more than pay the salaries of
those officers. Now, this is the meager return;
this is all that the business pays. You had a sys-
tem that answered well enough before. It was a
system by which the commerce of every port bore
its own burdens; the business of the place sup-
ported the consul by the fees of his office. Those
who had occasion for his services paid him; and,
in order to make it the object of merchants in
some small places to attend to ourcousular wants
—and I believe merchants were the best consuls
we ever had—some little privileges were given to
them; but you entered upon this extensive sys-
tem; you provided for consul general, and con-
suls, and vice consuls, clear down to consular
pupils. 1 believe you have abolished the consular
pupils; and well you might. What has been the
consequence? You added several other provis-
ions; that no foreigner should be employed as
clerk at a consulate—as if the foreigner, who, prob-
ably, could write as good a hand as anybody else,
on the spot, was going to soil the consular rec-
ords;ani| that the consuls should not trade in their
ordinary employment; and thus you foisted the
■whole body of the consuls on the Treasury of the
United States, under the pretext that their fees
would more than compensate them; It has not
proved to be true; and, instead of that, those who
weie competent to discharge the duties of consul
•—I mean those familiar with commercial business
—have been driven out; and those offices, like the
diplomatic oliices, have become convenient pil-
lows on which declining politicians can repose
for the rest of their days. 1 say the system is a
shocking abuse. The diplomatic system is as bad
as it can be, and the consular system is infinitely
worse.
Now, sir, there being one or two or three of
the consulships, and not more—certainly, 1 think,
not more than six in all—in which the fees ex-
ceed tlie compensation provided by law, (as is the
case at Liverpool and Havre, but they exceed it
very little,) I propose, by my amendment, that
every consul shall take the fees of his office up to
the limit provided in the act of 1856; and if there
be any excess, let him pay it into the Treasury.
My object is to relieve the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States from this burden, to cut these pipes
through which all this money is sucked out of
Uncle Sam's strong box. x\s to the consular sys-
tem, it seems to mo there ought not to be a mo-
ment's hesitation. As to the diplomatic system,
as I know it is a part of the dignity of the coun-
try, as gentlemen say, and necessary for us to go
to all this foolishness because other nations do it
—not that I think we have the least occasion for
it—I shall content myself, ifl can perfect that sec-
tion, with only endeavoring to, make this foolish-
ness cost as little as possible in our present cir-
cumstances. But as to the consular system, it
seems to me there is no excuse for this expense.
If commerce is not able to bear its own burdens,
they ought not to be devolved on tlie Treasury.
Now, 111 lieu of the first section of my amend-
ment, which I shall withdraw, leaving the others,
I move, m line eight, after tlie words "envoy
extraordinary," to strike out to the end of the
paragraph and insert:
Minifies plenipotentiary of the United Slates at Great
Butani, France, Kussja. Spain, and China; «alaiies of min-
isters resident at Prussia, Austria, Chile. Peru, Portugal,
Switzerland. Holland, Bweilon, Denmark, Tuikey, Buenos
Ayr<;>. andiVew Gramuia,
Then let the pVoper sum be inserted, and I pro-
pose to add:
And tiiat the duty of the mmion of the United States at
Naples be performed by tlie minister lesident at Rome;
that of the mission at Sardinia by the minister resident at
Switzerland; Unit of the mission to Belgium by tlie num.-*
ter resident of Holland ; that of the mi-siotis at Nicnia^ua,
Guatemala. Costa itica, and Honduras, by the minister res-
ident at New Granada.
And then I propose to abolish the rest of them.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not propose to say a
word on this proposition. I will merely say that
this is an attempt to change the diplomatic sys-
tem on an appiopriation bill. I only want a vote.
Mr. MASON Mr. President, I do not know
that the honorable Senator from Ohio could ren-
der a more acceptable service to the country than
by giving his attention and examination to the
subject which he proposes to remedy by his
amendment; but I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator, that when it is done, it must be done with
more scrutiny than his time has allowed him, or
than can be brought to it by the Senate in this in-
formal manner, by an amendment to an appro-
ation bill. I am satisfied that the consular service
of the country will require a great deal of revision
and amendment to redeem it from the mischievous
consequences that have resulted from the bill of
1855. In 1855 a bill was prepared in the House
of Representatives, which blended the diplomatic
and the consular service in the same bill. It was
a very long bill, filled with details, and, I think,
filled with crudities and imperfections. One great
feature of the bill was to change the whole char-
acter of the consular service. It had, theretofore,
been treated as belonging purely to commerce,
and not to the diplomacy of the country; and the
compensation of the consuls was thrown, where I
think it ought to rest, upon the commerce of the
country, and the consuls were supported by their
fees.
«A great deal of disparity, of necessity, arose in
the compensation of the various consuls abroad;
but it arose from the fact that it was larger where
there was large commercial intercourse, and small-
er where the commercial intercourse was less. It
resulted that at some points the emoluments of
the consul were very large,'and by many persons
deemed too large; and at other points the emolu-
ments were very small, and those consuls were
complaining of the inadequacy of their compen-
sation But it could all have been remedied, and,
I trust will be remedied; and, for one, I shall be
happy to have the very able support of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio in applying the proper
remedy. It can be remedied still by leaving the
burdens of the consular compensation where it
ought to rest—on the commerce between this
country and foreign nations, and relieving the
Treasury altogether from the burden that is no w
thrown upon it, and that will be by again lemit-
ting the consuls to the consular fees for their re-
muneration; and wherever it shall be deemed that
those fees are too large, to require the surplus be-
yond what may be stated, to be paid into the
Treasury; but that cannot be done, I think, with-
out a very careful revision, in conjunction with
the executive authority, of the tabular list of con-
suls, with the aid of the experience derived by
the Department of State, to know in what man-
ner the consular fees shall be reduced at some
points and enlarged at others. But it has seemed
to me that the burden of the consular system,
which is one almost exclusively for the benefit of
commerce, should be made to rest on the com-
mcrce of the country, and not on the Treasury.
Now, as to the diplomatic system, the scheme
of the honorable Senator, as I understand it from
a cursory reading of his amendment, is to go back
to the first system that was adopted at the organ-
ization of the Government; that is to say, to give
to the executive department a certain sum of
money, and to leave to the executive department
to determine how that money shall be expended
under ccrtain limitations, in sustaining diplomatic
intercourse between this country and foreign na-
tions; but the honorable Senator enlarges into a
system which, I submit to him with entire re-
spect, if it were adopted, would be not only to
trench upon the proper functions of the Execu-
tive, but to assume to Congress functions which
they are incompetent to discharge; that is to de-
termine where theft should be, and where there
should not be, foreign ministers. That belongs
to the Executive.
The first act upon this subject displayed the
theory of the Government as it then existed, and
so far as 1 have read ihe Constitution, I am satis-
fied the true theory of the Government. The
first act, which was passed in 1790, placed the
sum of $40,000 at the disposal of the President to
be expended by him to maintain diplomatic in-
tercourse between the United States and foreign
Powers', and placed no limits whatever upon his
discretion as to where this diplomatic intercourse
should be instituted. It placed no limit upon the
whole subject of diplomatic intercourse except,
as Congress had a perfect right to do, by limiting
the amount of compensation to those gentlemen
Now, with all respect to the honorable Senator
from Ohio, I would say to him that it is not com-
petent to Congress, it is not competent to both
Houses, to indicate to the President where he i
shall send a minister and where he shall not. The
Constitution vests in the President the execu-
tive power and says no more. It leaves utterly
undefined by the Constitution what the executive
power is; but it vests in the President the exec-
utive power, as wholly free from control as it
vests in Congress the legislative power.
Mr. PUSH. Do I understand the Senator
from Virginia to insist that the executive power
includes the right to create offices ?
Mr. MASON. The Constitution, as I have
said, places in the President the whole executive
power, without limitation or restraint, by any
attempt to define what the executive power is. A
part of the executive power, of necessity, as
known to all publicists, is the conduct and the
regulation of the intercourse between the United
States and foreign nations. In regulating the in-
tercourse between nations, the law of nations has
pointed out as the organ a minister plenipoten-
tiary, an embassador, or by whatsoever mme he
is called in public law. The answer to me Sen-
ator's question is simply this: that the function
of a foreign minister is not an office in any sense
of the word. A foreign minister takes with him
abroad no commission; he takes nothing but a
letter of credence, in the nature of a letter of in-
troduction and recommendation, informing the
foreign Power that the President of t"he United
States sends him abroad with this letter, and asks
for him a kind and courteous reception, with the
immunities that, under the law of nations, belong
to a foreign minister. It is not created by the
Constitution, nor is it created by the law; it re-
sults from the necessity between nation and na-
tid in their intercourse. The first law of 1790,
respecting that, did no more than to place the
sum of §40,000 at the disposal of the President,
to be expended by fum in the payment of foreign
ministers, or m other proper expenditures for
foreign intercourse,and foraportion of it, or such
portion as the Piesident might think proper to
set apart, left him, for its expenditure, utterly ir-
responsible to Congress or to the country. The
law is this:
it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States shall be. and lie is hereby,
authoiized to diaw from the Tieasury of the United States
a sum not ^xcpedmg $'40,000, annually, to be paid oat of
tlie moneys uustngfrom tlie duties 011 imposts and tonnage,
for tlie support of such persons as lie shall commission to
serve the United States in foreign parts, and for the expense
incident to the business in which they may be employed.''
It further provides a limitation upon the com-
pensation he should pay them—a subject, of
course, entirely within the control of Congress:
" Provided, That exclusive of an outfit, which shall m no
case exceed the amount of one year's full salary to the min-
ister plenipotentiary or charg6 d'affaires to whom the same
may be allowed, the Prudent stfall not allow to any min-
uter plenipotentiary a gieater sum than at the rate of
$9,000 per annum, as a compensation for all his personal
services, and other expenses; nor a greater sum for the
same than $'4,500 per annum to a charge d'affaires; nor
a greater sum for the biime than $1,350 per annum to the
secretary ot any mimstei plenipotentiary: *dnd provided,
also, That the Piesident phall account specifically for all
such expenditures of the said money as in his judgment
niav be made public, and also for the amount of such ex-
penditures as he may think it advisable not to specify, and
eau'se a regular statement and account thereof to be laid
before Congress annually, and also lodged at the proper of-
fice of the Treasuiy Department."
It would appear to me that this legislation
expounded the true theory of the Constitution
in establishing the relations which exist under it,
between the executive and legislative department.
The Executive is to originate the foreign inter-
course; but he cannot send a representative abroad
in any capacity without the means of payment;
and in order not to place a limit upon his proper
executive discretion, Congress appropriated a
sum, in gross, to be applied as he thought proper
in the payment of foreign ministers, limiting only
the salary that should be paid to each, according
to the respective grade of each; a grade not fixed
by the Constitution, agrade not fixed by the law,
but a grade fixed by the public taw of nations,
as a matter which is interesting to them in the
regulation of their foreign intercourse.
1 would say, then, so far as the amendment of
the Senator contemplates a restriction on the dis-
cretion of the Executive, as to where he shall send
