1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
Mexico and the United States. The larger part
„  JO  , , is held by the United States. Five of the States
of the Departments of this Government, and you i of our Union are washed by its waves. Texas,
• i, « i i i • i f i  • ri _ t   i\/T .dlahomo T?!nrirlsi
ticut, the revenue collected was «.3,223 89; the
cost of collecting it way $29,789 4H, erd seven
men were employed in its collection. AtOswego,
in New York, the revenue collected was $6,149 09;
the cost of collecting it $18,214 58, and twenty-
three men were employed in its collection. At
Niagara, New York, the revenue collected was :
gS,284 85; the cost of collecting it §12,296 92, and 1
nineteen men were employed in its collection. At \
Buffalo, New York, the revenue collected was J
$10,140 53; the cost of collecting it was $16,800 51, !
and twenty men were employed in its collection. !
At Cape Vincent, New York, the revenue col-,
lected was $2,098 12; the cost of collecting it !
$7,138 87, and thirteen men were employed in its i
collection.. 1 might continue the citations; but '
these will suffice. |
True, we shall have lopped off these things by i
that bill, if it shall become a law; but I hold that
these extravagant expenditures of the Govern-
ment ought never to have been commenced; and
1 hold tins Administration responsible for the
enormous abuses that have crept into the collec- .
tion of the revemue. The head of the Department
had no right, under the law, to appoint inspect-
ors; but he could appoint?clerks and porters and
boatmen, and a thousand other offieeis, and pay
them the highest salary at his discretion; and
under the abuse of that power these enormous ex-
penditures have sprung up. You may go into any
will find the same kind of abuse existing. Go into
any bureau in this city, and you will find abuses.
It requires an honest Administration of this Gov- |
ernment; it requires a man who dares to take
the responsibility of doing light; and then you
may reduce your expenditures, as Air. Buchanan
suggested in the letter I have quoted, in my opin- L
ion, below $50,000,000; but we have tried the
Democratic party; we have weighed them ill the i
balance, and found them wanting. We do not 1
propose to try them again. We propose to thrust'
out the corrupt, the lavish men, who now control ,
the Government, and put in honestmen, who will
retrench in good earnest; not men who will write j
letters recommending retrenchment, but men who ;
will take hold and do the work of retrenchment, j
I have placed the expenditures of the Govern- ,
ment this year at §95,000,000. I know not how :
•much will be appropriated, but I know that if the ;
Government pays its debts this year, and does 1
not leave a deficiency for the next Congress to
provide for, the expenses will be $100,000,000; but
I take the basis of expenditure to be §95,000,000.
Taking it at $95,000,000, without counting the
sum of $30,000,000 for Cuba, in this bill, or the
$200,000,000 for the purchase of Cuba, but sim- .
ply taking the regular expenses, the cost of run- j
rung the institution, and the quota of each con- !
gressional district would be $405,982; and the!
State of Michigan, upon the present basis^of rep- !
resentation, would have to pay $1,623,923, butin :
truth the proportion of the State of Michigan is
over three millions of this enormous expenditure
for the support of this Government. The State ,
of Maine pays $2,435,892, upon the present basis; i
the State of New Hampshire $1,217,846; the
State of Vermont, $1,217,846; the State of Mas- :
sachusetts, $4,465,802; the State of Rhode Island, j
$811,964; the State of Ohio, $8,525,622; the State
of Indiana, $4,465,802; the Stale of Illinois, 1
$3,653,838; the State of Iowa, $811,964; and so
on. If this revenue was collected by direct taxa-
tion—and I wish it were tried for once—my word
j Mr. POLK. Mr. President, the bill before us
! proposes the acquisition of the Island of Cuba,
| by purchase, from Spain. The question is, ought
i the measure to find favor with the American Sen-
ate ? This depends, in my judgment, on the fol-
lowing considerations;
1. Whether the island will be advantageous to
us, promotive of our material interests and our
national welfare, and at the same time not inju-
rious to the people of the island ?
2. Is purchase the proper method to be adopted
for its acquisition ?
3. Have we the ability to pay the purchase
money ?
4. Is the present a fitting juncture to propose
the negotiation ?
Let us briefly examine these considerations.
1. Will the island be valuable to us?
The shore of the Gulf of Mexico is an immense
sippi, and also of the basins of the other Gulf
rivers, unsurpassed in extent and fertility, will
1 find their way to a market through the Gulf.
' What the amount of these productions is to be
when these valleys, in all their immense length
and breadth and teeming productiveness, shall be
densely populated and fully cultivated, it would
perhaps be vain to guess, because impossible'to
compute. But even now, in the very first stages
of development, it rises to the enormous sum of
about three hundred million dollars every year.
Even at the present moment, therefore, produc-
tion and commerce also make the Gulf marc nos-
trum.
I have said, Mr. President, that the form of our
Gulf is that of an irregular circle, hugely ex-
panded, to be sure, but still an immense circle.
This fact gives to it the greatest possible adapta-
tion to commercial uses. It is thereby more corn-
circle of irregular circumference. Its continuity !j pact. Its differents ports and places are closer
41S broken by a segment exceedingly small when I i together. It can be traversed from any one point
compared with the length of its entire periphery. j| to every other in straight lities, and therefore in
This Gulf is a freat sea, thrusting itself between |! the shortest lines. And the shortest lines from
i North and South America, and dividing the New ;j port to port are by water. Hence ships can trav-
: World into two great continents—a northern and ! j erse it in much less time, and gather lis commod-
j a southern one. It is emphatically the great !: ities and make its commercial exchanges at much
! " Meditei ranean sea" of the western hemisphere. !■ less cost than can be done upon anjwpther sea as
Two nations hold the dominion of its shores— 1j large on the face of the globe. The freedom and
■ — • ~ '■ the control of such a sea, situated as I have shown
this to be, is indispensable to our growth and
greatness.
I remark further, upon the shape of this Gulf,
its encircling shore is open but on one side—its
southeastern. With this exception, it is com-
pletely land-locked; in fact, it is a perfect " cxtl tie
sac." But across the mouth of the bag lies the
Island of Cuba, stretching almost from shore to
shore of the opening. Its western end, at Cape
San Antonio, reaches far towards the main land
of Yucatan, which also advances far to meet it at
Cape Catoche. And the Keys of Florida approx-
imate so closely to the noith shore of the island,
that the booming of the morning gun from the
|j Moro castle may almost wake the slumbers of the
i; Tortugas of Florida.
Thus there are but two portals opening from
the Gulf to the Atlantic. The situation of the
first named, and the winds and currents which in
a great degree bar its passage to outward-bound
ships, almost make it a closed channel. The open
and facile one which trade frequents, and through
which commerce finds an easy transit, is the
northern one, between the island shore and the
projecting point of the peninsula of Florida.
Through this, therefore, must pass, in all time to
come, the constantly increasing and the never-
ending productions and exports of the great river
, basins of the Gulf, as well as the rich equiva-
1 lents to be received in exchange for them.
: This channel is so narrow, that the commerce
! which floats on it passes along the northern shore
of Cuba, within gun-shot of her fortifications. A
, few heavy war steamers would effectually close
it—hermetically seal it.
There lies Cuba, holding in her hand the scep-
ter of the Gulf, and commanding the mouth of
1 the Mississippi—our Mississippi. When I say
I our Mississippi, I say it with emphasis and with
feeling; because my own State, a part of the upper
i Louisiana, lies about the center of the valley, and
': on the right bank of the river. Suppose Cuba to
! be in the possession of a great naval Power, as
! England, or even France; and suppose such Power
to use her for the purpose of blockading the Gulf:
■ what would become of our commerce on that sea,
! and the surplus products of the sixteen States of
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida,
in part encompass it. Jt lies, as it were, in the
very embrace of our Confederacy. And, from
this fact alone, we ought to be permitted to claim
it, as the Romans did the Adriatic, as mare nos-
trum—our own sea.
The waters from full one half of the territory
of the United States are drained into it. Of the
large number of rivers which fall into it, three
fourths of them find their mouths within our ter-
ritory. And of these rivers, all the important
ones (low through the territory of the United
States. One river alone—that " great Father of
Waters," the Mississippi, with its tributaries,
pours into it the waters of more than one sixth
part of the North American continent. Rising far
up in the regions of our utmost northern bound-
ary, it makes its majestic way southwardly to
the Gulf—broad, deep, and mighty; capable of
bearing on its bosom the commerce of the might-
iest republican empire the world has ever seen;
dividing, near its center, the great continental val-
ley between the Alleghamesand the StonyMount-
ains, and reaching with its branches to every
portion and extreme of that vast valley—a great
mediterranean river, tributary to this mediterra-
nean sea.
The river navigation within our own borders,
communicating with the Gulf of Mexico, is more
than twenty-five thousand miles in length. By
the application of steam, this is all available to
the uses of commerce. Already there floats on
it, a steam tonnage as large as, perhaps, that of
all the world besides; and that, too, when a large
proportion of the river basins, fertilized and
drained by it, is unbroken forest and prairie,
where the plow has nevesniaiked the soil. The
Gulf of Mexico is, therefore, our sea, because it
receives our waters, as well as •cause it is em-
braced by our coasts. _
' These rivers run,not7rom past to west, but
i from north to south. If their course were in an
easterly and westerly direction, they would trav
fm-"it tli'eVxnenditures of this Government'would , erse the same climate, and, consequently, on their
fm it, the expenuituies or ^ ^ ^ ,, hankg then, wou]d be no variety of productions.
iv rcduced more than one half before the expira-
ti.m of twelve months from this day. It is because
the people do not see how, and where, and when
they are taxed, that the expenses of the Federal
Government have increased very enormously.
It would create a rebellion m ninety days from
this time, if you were to send your tax-collect-
ors around to the dilTerentcongressionai districts,
Wause vou can cover up these extravagances, ' ferent quadrupeds, diffeient buds, and dilteient
because you can borrow money and leave future ;! fishes, at each successive stage of the progress,
generations to pay it, these things are permitted;
the expenditures go on, and Grfd only knows
But',oYtiie contrary, flowing from north to south, , the Union anid the vast femtones yet
K ; S^jtf I^LmLrce, and the Ic^sof those
zone] and, consequently, in theii long and fertile
valleys, almost every species of animal and vege-
table life abounds. Proceeding from the source
to the mouth, there is a constant variety of plants,
and of necessity there is a constant and corre-
where they will end. As 1 said before, we have
tried the Democratic party; we have weighed u m
the balance; we have found it wanting; and we
propose, in 1860, to take possession of this Gov-
ernment, and not have Cuba, either.
This variety of productions induces and neces-
sitates the exchange of commodities; and that ex-
change constitutes commerce.
Tiade must always follow the channels which
nature has marked out for it. Facility and cheap-
ness make this result inevitable. By consequence,
the productions of the vast valley of the Missis-
productions that flow into that sea from these
river basins, for a single season, would cost us
incalculably more than the highest price that has
ever been estimated for Cuba.
Suppose England firmly established in posses-
sion of that island; then let her have naval sta-
tions at the Bahamas, and also m her possessions
to the north of us: what would be our condition ?
Our whole Atlantic sea-board covered and dark-
ened and blockaded by her ships-of-war; it needs
no description from me to be appreciated.
But this is not all. England, in possession of
Cuba on the north, and at the same time owning
Jamaica and many of the Windward and Leeward
' islands on the east, and on the main land holding
