THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
honorable Senator, if i£ will not answer his pur- ij
pose quite as well to give^this notice to-day and h
call it up on Tuesday of next week ? j j
Mr. MASON. I would rather that it should j]
take the character of a special order for Tuesday jj
• of next week. That will be equivalent to a no- n
tice'. ' j;
Mr. SEWARD. On that I ask for the yeas ||
and nays. i:
The yeas and nays-were ordered. i
Mr.FESSENDEN. I have heard no reason ;
why this, which is a mere private claim, should j!
take precedence of all other private bills on the J'
Calendar*. It is an old claim, to be sure, but there j;
are'others which are still older. It is a claim of i
a peculiar character, about which, perhaps, there !,
will be much controversy, and upon which Sen- j,
ators may wish to prepare themselves, in order ii
to discuss it. I do not know how that may be;!
but I understand what the character of the claim t;
is, and I know of no negotiation between this i
Government and the Government of Spain that is ;,
to be advanced or retarded by any action here in j,
reference to this bill; and the kind of comity that !j
is suggested by the honorable Senator from Vir- , j
ginia ispnc that we have not been in the habit of Ij
exercising in regard to the claims of foreigners jj
upon this Government. I am willing to take that
bill up, peculiar as it, whenever we reach it in the ji
common order of business. I have no disposition
to delay it; but I have objections to giving it the ' j
importance of a precedence over many other pri- j
vate bills which stand upon the Calendar, and !
which are waiting our action. This certainly can ;|
wait as well as any other; and unless some rca- i,
sons are given, connected with State affairs, to j
render it more expedient than 1 am at present 1
able to consider it, why it should be taken up at
the present moment, I shall object to it, and vote
against the motion. I hope the Senate will not
accede to the request of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. * !
Mr. MASON. There is no rule of the Senate, j
that I am aware of, which defines what is a pii- 1
vate claim and what is not; and it has more than j
once been a mooted question before the Senate, j
whether a bill repiesents a private claim or does -
not. -Now, the character of this bill, I presume, j
is known to most of the Senators present, prob- ;
ably to all. It is a bill founded upon a claim 1
made by the Government of Spain upon the Gov- ,
ernment of the United States, alleged by Spain :
to be'due'to that Government m two rights: first,
•under the law of nations; and secondly, under an •
existing treaty with Spain. The claim has been
earnestly preferred by the Government of Spam, |
and has been over and over again pressed upon i
the consideration of Congress by successive Pres- i
idents as a claim due from this country to the !
Government of Spain. When the money ispaid, 1
the character of the demand shows that it will go 1
into the hands of Spanish subjects, and not into 1
the treasury of Spam; but yet it is a chum made
by the one Government upon the other. j
I wish the honorable Senator from Maine to !
understand that I am not making this proposition !
at any suggestion other than my own, from a per-
fect knowledge of the claim for many years past. !
It has been the subject of negotiation between the j
two Governments for many years; but the Ex- 1
ecutive of the United States cannot pay it; it can t
do no more than recognize its justice, and recom- 1
mend its payment to Congress. Whether you ;
call it a private claim, or no, 1 will not contend; '
but I differ altogether from that honorable Sena- i
tor that there is nothing to distinguish this from i
an ordinary private claim. It is a claim, or, more .
properly, a demand, made by a foreign Power [
upon this country, recognized by more than one j
Executive of this country as a just and valid one, j
and the payment of it recommended to Congress. {
• Mr.FESSENDEN. Mr. President, there has I
been, as I understand, no such recognition on the 1
part of our Government of that claim as places it i
in the attitude of a necessity to procure an appro- j
priation from Congress to meet an admitted claim. '
1 suppose individuals connected with the Gov- ■
ernment may have their opinions on the subject, j
Opinions vary. j
Mr. MASON. It has been admitted by the j
Executive over and over again. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that may be; '
but the Executive, as an Executive, cannot admit j
a claim; ho can only express an opinion, and
opinions vary; and we know very well that we
are not all of us in the habit of attaching so much
consequence to the opinions of any Executive on
any subject, one way or the other. All such
opinions I am in the habit of looking at for my-
self, from whoever they may come, without much
reference to the individual, but more in reference
to the opinion and its foundation. Why, sir, this
is nothing in the world but a private claim of in-
dividuals, made through a Government. It has
occasioned no difficulty that I am aware of. We
ail know the nature of it; we all know that opin-
ions differ respecting it. There are others, per-
haps, in the same'eondition. There are certainly
private claims much older, the justicc of which
is admitted by a very much larger number of
men. That matter will unquestionably occasion
very considerable debate. If it is made a special
order out of the line of private claims on another
separate day, it must take up very considerable
time that in this short session ought to be devo-
ted to public business, necessarily, if we would
complete the business which we have before us
from the lastsession. 1 have no desire to post-
pone it; I have no wish to delay it a single hour,
when wc rcach it in its proper course; but I am
unwilling to give precedence to it. Although,as
the honorable Senator has said, there has been
no very particular definition of what a private
ciaim is, I take it for granted that a claim of in-
dividuals upon the Government—neither a State
nor a body, but of single individuals—must come
within the category of a private claim, whatever
does not. Therefore, as I said before, without
desiring to detain the Senate in the consideration
of this preliminary question, I hope that this im-
portance will not be given to this particular
claim, when there is nothing in reality in it which
urges upon us a peculiar necessity for immediate
action over many others of certainly equal merit,
and certainly many others about which there is
nothing like the difference of opinion which exists
upon this, as is very well known.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the President
to state what the position of that bill now is.
The VIGEPRESIDENT. It is number sixty-
one upon the general orders.
Mr. HALE. Preceded but by ten bills.
The Secretary proceeded to cali the roll.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have paired off with the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] who has
gone to the President as a member of a commit-
tee.
The result was then announced—yeas 24, nays
19; as follows:
YE.Ati — Messrs. Bates, IhaW'r, Bright, Brown, Clay,
Clingniun. Davw, Fitch, Fitzpamok. G;een, (iwin. Ham-
mond, Ivcr>on, Jones, Kennedy. Mason, l'uaree. Polk,
Ueid, Kice, rilnddn, fckaau, Thomson of New Jeisey, and
Waul—521.
NAYS—Brodeuek, Camcion. Chaudlei, Clark,
Dixon. Doolittle. Diukee, Fcssmuien, Foot. Foster, Hale,
Hamlin, Hailaa, Kirnj, Sewaid, Simmons, Trumnull,
Wade, arid Wilson—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill was
made the special order for Tuesday, the 14th
instant, at one o'clock.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. STUART, At the last session there was
passed, by the House of Representatives, an act
donating public lands to the States and Territo-
ries, to provide colleges for the promotion of ag-
riculture and the mechanic arts. That bill was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
reported back favorably; and it stands now as
part of the business of the Senate. I shall not
osk the Senate to make it a special order, nor do
1 design to state any particular day when 1 shall
ask the Senate to take it up and pass it; but I
simply desire to give notice that, as soon as the
Senate shall be full, I shall ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of that bill, and'in the
hope that we may be able to get a decisive vote
upon it at a very early day.
PETITION.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of E. B.
Boutweil, a commander in the Navy, praying
compensation for certain extra services, while m
command of the United States steamer Colonel
Harney and the United States ship John Adams;
which was ordered to he on the table until the
committees shall have been appointed; when,he
intimated, he should move its reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE PRESIDENT S MESSAGE.
Mr. J. B. Henry, Private Secretary of the Pres-
ident of the United States, appeared at the bar
and announced:
Mr. President, I ani directed by the President
of the United States to deliver to the Senate a
mes^%e in writing.
The communication was the President's annual
message, which was read by the Clerk. [For the
message, see the Appendix.]
Mr. BIGLER. I offer the following orders:
Oxtered, That the message and accompanying documents
be printed.
Oidered, That twenty thousand additional copies of the
me&sage and accompanying documents be punted foi the
u*:e of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it has become the
custom, a custom which has beenintroduced with-
in a few years past, for gentlemen in the Senate to
express their sentiments upon the message on this
motion. 1 think that was the case two or three
years since, when, on a similar occasion, opinions
were promulgated in regaid to our foreign policy,
particularly with reference to Central American
affairs. A distinguished Senator from Delaware,
not now living, (Mr. Clayton,) and I think seve-
ral otherSenators,availed themselvesofthat occa-
sion to express their sentiments on those topics.
Now, sir, if the President, in this message, had
confined himself to what I believe to be his consti-
tutional prerogative, that is, " from time to time to
give to the Congress information of the state of
the Union, and recommend to their consideration
such measures as he shall judge necessary and
expedient," let the character of those measures
be what it might, I should not have felt called
upon to say anything on this occasion; but I think
the President has abused his constitutional pre-
rogative, and gone out of the way to interpolate
a .statement of transactions that have long since
transpired, and that have nothing to do with any
recommendation which he has seen fit to make,
and which statement, in my humble judgment, is
not consistent with the truth of history; and, as
an humble individual, I will not permit it to go
to the country unchallenged.
It gives me, however,great pleasure on this oc-
casion to say, that I cordially, entirely, heartily,
and enthusiastically agree with the President in
his first sentence, and that is this:
When wc compaie the condition of the country at the
pro.=cut day with what it was one year ago at the meeting
of Congress, we have much reason for giatitude to that
Almighty Piovidence whtcn has never tailed to interpose
fur our relief at the most! critical penods ofour history."
To that, sir, I most cordially assent; and I
should have felt that the President had been dere-
lict in those obligations of piety which he is so
fond of displaying in his messages,if he had failed
to take notice of the very happy change which
has taken place,and which,in its occuirencc,has
been especially manifested m his own State. I
think he has seen the teachings of Providence
brought to his own door in such a manner that
he cannot fail to contrast with the condition of'
things that existed a year ago their present con-
dition in his own State and his own county and
his own city. I commend him for his " grati-
tude;'' carrying out the excellent history of that
good man, of whom it is safd:
'• Job feels the rod
Yet bleasesGod.'"
I cannot fail to commend the call which he
makes upon us for gratitude at the very different
condition which the country presents now from
what it did a#year ago. I agree with the Presi-
dent heartily in that, and I am not certain that I
shall not consent to the printing of a large number
of copies of the message, so that the country may
see how the President feels under this administra-
tion of Providence, as well as of himself.
I am also gratified at the exhibit which the
President makes of our foreign affairs generally.
True, he says* there is a little difficulty with Spain,
and some with Great Britain; but with all the rest
of the world we are happily at peace. I did ex-
pect, sir, that when the President came to com-
ment upon our foreign relations ho would conde-
scend to inform us what alarming emergency ex-
isted in reference to our diplomatic relations with
Austria, that rendered it so imperiously neces-
sary, immediately succeeding the Pennsylvania
election, to make a new appointmentof Minister
to that country; and I waited with a good deal of
