1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
British Guiana on the south, and the Balize and
the Mosquito coast on the west, she would sur-
round the Caribbean sea, and hold it, as it were,
in the hollow of her hand.
Still further. Cuba, Mr. President, lies right
across the track of our great isthmian transit
routes between our Atlantic sea-board and our
Pacific coast. So that, in the absence of a Pacific
railroad across the continent, for all purposes of
trade and travel, Cuba lies geographically between
our possessions on the Pacific and the States on
the eastern side of the Kecky Mountains. The
gold of California all comes to us through her
ports. Thus Cuba, in the possession of an en-
emy, would not only be an impediment to our
development, but the destruction of our Gulf
trade,and of our communication with the Pacific,
and also of incalculable damage to our safety even.
That she should belong to the United States,
therefore, is of the very highest moment, alike to
our growth, our commerce, and our security.
Possessed of her, we possess and command the
Gulf; we control the transit routes across the con-
tinent, and hold the commercial intercourse be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific in our grasp.
Moreover, we stand in a position to win the mas-
tery over ttafcCaribbean sea, and to subject the
productions of its tropical river basins to our uses,
and its commerce to our aggrandizement.
Cuba is the counterpart, as it were, of the val-
ley of the Mississippi. Her productions are the
reciprocals of those of the United States. She has
sugar, coffee, tobacco, and tropical fruits to ex-
change with us for our surplus of flour and bread-
stuffs, rice, potatoes, beef, pork, lard, and lum-
ber. Cuba, in this respect is, on the one hand
necessary to the United States, and on the other
the United States is necessary to her. Hence, in
spite of most exorbitant imposts, both on exports
as well as imports; in spite of differential duties
against the United States on all importations from
this country; in spite of heavy tonnage duties
and port charges, a large commerce is, notwith-
standing all, still carried on between the island
and this country. More than one third of all
the exports from the island come to this country,
and more than one fifth of all her imports are re-
ceived from the United States, although the un-
natural siep-mother does every thing in her power,
and more than ever was imposed by any other
parent country upon her dependent colony, to
compel her to receive her imports from Spain.
On every barrel of flour imported from the Uni-
ted States there is a differential duty against the
United States of $8 31 more than is imposed upon
the inferior flour imported from Spain. And
there is a like discrimination against this coun-
try on all other commodities imported from it
into the island. So, also, the tonnage duty ex-
acted from American shipping is $1 37| per ton
more than is levied upon Spanish. In short, our
competition with Spam for the trade with Cuba
is the most unequal on the whole globe. Yet
still, we even now furnish the island with food
and raiment and houses and furniture and do-
mestic utensils and agricultural implements. Let
Cuba be acquired, and all these restrictions and
abuses would at once and forever cease.
Now, suppose our commerce with the island
unshackled and our trade free, all imposts and
duties abolished, to what incalculable totals would
it not swell? Instead of only about six thousand
barrels of flour annually, as is now the case, the
aggregate would doubtless reach one million two
hundred thousand, about one barrel for each in-
habitant. Here would be an increase of two hun-
dred-fold upon a single article; and all other
articles of our export thither would probably be
augmented in the same ratio. And many more
articles would doubtless be added to the list, which
have never heretofore been known there. Thus,
Cuba would be the best market for our agricul-
tural productions that the world could offer. And
this market would be a domestic one, certain
and unfailing. What an unprecedented stimulus
would thus be applied to our agricultural indus-
try ! The same would be true of our manufac-
tures. The mills and woik-shops of our manu-
facturing States would be pressed to their utmost
capacity of production. Our artisans and oper-
atives would find constant and remunerative em-
ployment, while mechanical skill and invention
would be taxed to their highest achievement.
But what would be the effect in the mean time
upon Cuba? This abundant and cheapened sup-
ply of all their wants would engender necessarily
a corresponding and commensurate increase of
production by the inhabitants of the island. More
than all, American skill and enterprise would be
introduced there to raise the swelling tide. This
increase would lessen the prices and multiply to
us the supplies of sugar, coffee, tropical fruits,
and West India goods, until every citizen would
have them within his easy reach, upon such terms
as would diminish in proportion our present an-
nual expenditure for these necessaries to an un-
paralleled extent. On the other hand, there would
be a reciprocal advantage to the people of Cuba
in the abundance and cheapness of the supplies
furnished to them from the United States. Pro-
portionate to the augmentation of the interchange
of commodities between this country and Cuba
would be the advance and extension of our nav-
igation interests. Our mercantile marine, already
the equal of any of the maritime nations of the,,
world, wffuld then soon stand without a rival.
Thus the purchase would be mutually of immense
benefit both to us and to Cuba. For myself, my
imagination can picture nothing to be compared
to it.
Let this Queen of the Antilles be adopted into
the sisterhood of our confederated States; let the
flag of our Union float over Cuba, and we will hold
unchallengeable dominion over the Gulf of Mex-
ico. That sea will not only be mare nostrum, but,
at our pleasure, a mare cluusum. Its commerce,
its forts, and its defenses, will be in our own hands.
We have already the world-monopoly of the
production of cotton; we hold the British leviathan
now with a cotlon hook in his mouth. With Cuba
incorporated with us, we shall monopolize the
world's supply of sugar and molasses as com-
pletely as we now do its supply of cotton.
The trade of the tropics, Mr. President, is
that which most enriches its fortunate possessor.
Through California, we may out-compete our
rivals for the trade of the East Indies; and with
Cuba, we may draw to ourselves the trade o£the
West Indies. In former ages,and before the'nis-
covery of the New World, the trade of the East
Indies was the richest on the earth, and made its
possessor greatand mighty. But in modern times
the tropical trade of the West Indies has grown
up to a rival importance. With the monopoly of
the trade of both the Indies—the East and West
—we shall stand in the advance of all competition.
The Island of Cuba, Mr. President, is well
suited to accommodate a commerce of gigantic
proportions. Its coast is studded with a succes-
sion of harbors unequaled in number and accom-
modations in the satne length of shore-line in any
part of the globe, ample both for military and
commercial uses. She has on her northern coast
thirty-seven harbors suitable for commercial pur-
poses, and thirteen on hej southern. She has*
also not less than thirteen harbors in which a line-
of-battle ship may ride in safety, and which are ca-
pacious enough to afford safe anchorage to a whole
navy of such ships. As a strategical point, this
gem of the Antilles is not surpassed by any other
on the surface of the round earth.
Is this all that may be said of Cuba? No, sir;
by no means. A ckmate genial and salubrious;
a landscape div#sified and beautiful; its surface
green and blooming w^h tropical exuberance; a
soil of unsurpassed rienness, abundantly fructi-
fied by teeming waters. The sun, in his course,
does not look down upon a fairer land, nor one
more capable of administering to the wants and
gratifying the luxuries of man.
"Haud inexperttis loquor."
Cuba annexed, and her territory would be in-
corporated into our national domain just as have
been our acquisitions from France and Spain and
Mexico. Her productions and commerce would
go to make up our national wealth and greatness,
in the same manner as have those of our His-
pano-French territory of Louisiana, and our His-
pano-Mexican of New Mexico and California.
These facts, Mr. President, are all duly appre-
ciated by Spain. She knows well how indispens-
ably important Cuba is to thi£ country. She has
seen, too, how, in the progress of years and of
events, that importance has steadily and rapidly
been increasing—increasing in the same ratio as
our population has multiplied; increasing with the
development of our resources; with the growth
of our manufactures; with the expansion of our
agriculture; with the enlargement of our national
dominion; with the achievements of our policy
and our arts; with the swelling tides of our com-
merce in the Gulf of Mexico; and, most of all,
since the settlements in California and Oregon
and in the Territory of Washington, by the estab-
lishment of our transit routes over the Central
American Isthmus. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] has told us that—
" Spain holds the island now more tenaciously—with a
stronger and safer grasp than iliat with which she has held
it at any time within the iast fifty years."
And the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot]
concurs in the sentiment. No wonder, Mr. Presi-
dent; Spain has undoubtedly done all in h£r power
to tighten her hold on Cuba, just as she has seen
her daily increasing importance to us. She fore-
sees, too, that the developments of every year in
the future will still render Cuba more and more
important to us; and she will endeavor to hold her
from us by a still firmer grasp. And the Senator
from New York has suggested that England and
France will no doubt combine #> second her.
How imperative, then, upon us is the duty—the
duty to act at once in this matter without hesita-
tion.
2. Our second topic for consideration is: Is
purchase the proper method to be adopted for the
acquisition of the island?
I, sir, think it is. 1 know we have a long cata-
logue of unsatisfied claims and of wrongs unatoned
for to press upon and enforce against old Spain;
nay, sir, that many of these have the additional
aggravation of having sprung out of outrages
perpetrated in Cuba itself; that the hot pursuit
of them, at the time of their perpetration, might
even have justified the seizure of the island, as a
mode of redress and indemnification. That seiz-
ure, too, could have easily been made. We could
have adopted, in regard to it, the language of
Caesar to Metellus, on a memorable occasion:
" Durinsest mihihocdicere, quamfacere." But, sir,
we allowed the moment of instantaneous vindica-
tion to pass. We resorted to diplomacy instead
of reprisal; and now we are left to the chances
and delays of negotiation. Of course, no just
mind would harbor the idea of a forcible seizure
merely because the prize is desirable, and because
we might be able to do it successfully. Robbery,
by the nation would be not less abhorrent to jus-
tice than it is when perpetrated by the individual
citizen. What other recourse is left to us then,
except to purchase ? That certainly is fair, and
it is peaceful. I think, too, it is honorable; hon-
orable to ourselves it surely is, and not less so, in
my opinion, to Spain. I know it has been char-
acterized as insulting to Spain. But, sir, I am
unable to see what disrespect there can be in
making an offer to purchase in a civil and cour-
teous mann#.
I know Spain is proud; and, perhaps, poor too
—poor as well as proud. Is a proud man, or a
proud nation, forbidden by honor to sell ? And
is the mere proposal to buy to be considered an
insult? And suppose such a man or nation should
choose to consider the offer as a reminder of their
poverty, can such false construction change the
character of the act? On the contrary, the very
necessities that recommend a sale as prudent,
ought to invest the proposal to purchase with the
pdor of kindness. But did not Spain sell Louis-
iana to the First Consul of the French ? Did not
he sell it to the United States ? Has she not even
sold Florida to this very country for a price? If
it was no insult to Spam in 1819 to offer to buy,
and actually to make a purchase of, Florida from
her, how can K now be an insult to this same
'Spam, for the same United States to propose to
purchase Cuba from her?
Nor do I forget, while on this point, the alle-
gation that the people of the island are opposed
to annexation. After the masterly and unanswer-
able refutation of that assumption by yourself,
sir, (Mr. Benjamin in the chair,) a few days ago,
I shall spend no time upon it. I shall pass it with
the mere remark that the history of Cuba for the
last four years, so well known to our whole coun-
try, is a full and sufficient answer to this objec-
tion. And, sir, notwithstanding the compulsory
protests which have been forced from Cuban
municipalities by Spanish officials, and laid at the
foot of the Spanish throne, deprecating the sale
of the island, for myself, I am satisfied that the
