1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
United States. On the contrary, they will be for
the acquisition for this very reason. If England
and France wish a war with this country upon
that issue, they can have it, and have it to their
heart's content. Let them interfere in warlike
posture, and we will fling defiance in their teeth.
We will fight them with the last dollar of our
means, and to the last drop of our blood; and I
will say in answer to the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Thompson] who spoke yesterday, the first
drop of our blood. Thousands of them are
ready to spend the first drop and. the last drop of
their blood if it be demanded on that question.
Mr. President, the Senator from New York,
with great skill, insinuates as an objection to this
bill, that it is unconstitutional. He says:
" When he [the President] has once obtained the Island
of Cuba, and paid $30,000,000 as an advahce upon the con-
sideration mouey oi the puichase, the treaty will bo a con-
tract ex< cutcd, and Spam and the whole world would laugh
with derision at the pretense that we could rescind the con-
trad and repudiate the remaining debt on the ground that we
had then looked into our Constitution and had found that
we had violated it in parsing the law by winch wo had au-
thorized the Piesident to make the improvident bargain."
Now, sir, if to pass this bill would be to violate
the very charter of our liberties, that is objection
enough to iw It ought to be at once rejected. But,
Mr. PresicRn, the honorable Senator will not
maintain thatAroposition. Sir, it violates no pro-
vision of the Constitution. And, as I have already
said, it follows precedents already acted on, but
does not go so far as Congress went in the pur-
chase of Louisiana.
4. Our other point of inquiry is: Is the present
a fitting juncture to propose the negotiation?
If not, why not ? Will Spam ever be more will-
ing or more constrained by her necessities to sell
than she is at the present moment? The Senator
from New York seemed to think that she is less
disposed and less necessitated to sell now than she
has been for the last fifty years. Is not the acqui-
sition sufficiently desirable now, to both this
country and to tue people of Cuba? If the pres-
ent is not an opportune juncture, when will such
a'i occasion arise? The opponents of this bill
will not assume the .position that we ought never
to acquire Cuba under any circumstances, but
they say the present moment is premature. Has
any one of them told us when the auspicious oc-
casion will tianspire? Will any one tell us? Sir,
the reasons that will lead to procrastination to-
day, will lead tcP procrastination for all time to
come.
The Senator from New York seems to have
settled down in the conclusion, that the time for
opening iie<iotMtio>ls lor the puichase of Cuba
has not yet ainved, and yet it seems to him, he
says, that " the island gravitates back again to
the parent continent, from which it sprang." But
when and how this gravitation will effect the re-
atuK-XdUon, the Senator has not undertaken to
tell us. lie will not even venture to guess. I ask
again, w'hen will the t ight juncture come to pass ?
Let us bear in mind, Mr. President, that the
ripe apple requires to be plucked from its native \
tree; and it must be plucked so soon ysitU- ripe.
If difciud beyond matuiity, the tich fruit will
have lost its vuhu ; the golden opportunity will
have passed away forever. This Cuban fruit, I
lur-t, is even now ripe for tin* gatheiing.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
excuse me for interrupting him?
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I am unwilling to leave the
Senator in doubt on that subject. I cannot tell
when the juncture will arrive; but I can tell him
when the juncture will not arrive; and that is
v, lieu, instead of Spam proposing to the United ,
S'ates to < f de Cuba, or being ready tt> accept the !
} reposition of the United Slates for Cuba in the j
oidmuiy course of negotiation, for a puce to be j
submitted, and upon teuns to be submitted by I
the President of the Umied States to Spain, with j
the advice and consent of the Senate of the Uni- I
ted States, and approved by them, for the pay- i
r.n'nt of an appropriation oi £>JJ,UUU,U0U, in ad- .
v ;<jK'e, i imagine that at that time theie may be a ,
•''wu'itbje juncture h>r the pioposition; but when 1
r. >; nee ^s.iry to call unou tin; Coiigu'os of the
V d S at-'.s for the fc30,OUQ,UU9, m be paid out
vii ;.:i iiuj/irdr, to .obtain a treat3/ wh.eh the See-
a • x f ;he Ui.i.ed Su.'es pn-p«uly refuv to ratify,
line: furftiiin^ the ^30.000,0^0, then I think the
juncture has not anived.
Now, I wish to ask the honorable Senator one
question, which wijl deserve his consideration.
How is it, what has happened, what has befallen
the President of the United States to bring about
this strange result, that he cannot carry on a
proper negotiation for a lawful, reasonable, just,
and feasible object, in the forms of the Constitu-
tion, and according to the customs of our Gov*
ernment, until he obtains an indorsement from
the Congress of the United States, with an ap-
propriation of $30,000,000, to enable him to begin
with, beyond what it was before when the United
States had a President that would avow 
Mr. POLK. I did not give way for the Sen-
ator to make a speech. If he is going on with
the question,I will hear him with great pleasure.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will conclude my speech
by the question: when was it before that the
President of the United States would confess, in
the face of the whole world, that he was desirous
to make a proposition to a foreign Power, and
yet could not make it, unless the Congress of the*
TJniled States would authorize and make an ap-
propriation of money in advance?
Mr. POLK. 1 will commence what I have to
say as following the Senator's interruption, by
answering the question he has just now put. The
answer is, that I have given him two instance s in
which the Presidents of the United States did not
enter into negotiations for the purpose of making
the purchase until Congress had made appropri-
ations of money in advance. The very first in-
stance that has occurred in our history, the case
of Mr, Jefferson, which I gave him, was one in
which the money was put into Mr. Jefferson's
hands, and not specified in the bill to be for the
purpose of purchasing Louisiana, bat as a part
of the foieign intercourse fund. I say further,
in answer to the Senator, that of the three in-
stances of purchase, two of them have been those
in which the money was put into the hands of the
President in advance of negotiation; and I believe
there are still others, though I have not particu-
larly sought them out.
Mr. SLIDELL. If my ftiend fiorn Missouri
will pel nut me, I wish to correct an error into
which he has fallen, and the correction will
strengthen his argument.
Mr. POLK. 1 shall be very glad to be corrected
in anything, whether it weakens or strengthens
my argument.
Mr. SLIDELL. It was said that the cases of
Louisiana and Mexico were exceptional cases;
that there was an impending, imperative neces-
sity, for the acquisition of the territory; and the
Senatot from Kentucky said that the appropri-
ation for the purpose of the acquisition of ter-
ritory, except under those very peculiar cir-
cumstance, was an anomaly in our history. The
provisions of tho act of February 3, 1806, must
have escaped him. That act is entitled:
'k A11 act making piovision for defraying any extraordinary
expenses attending the intercourse between the United
Stateb and foreign nations
" Be it. enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Co °re« assemtjted, That a sum of ^*2,000,01)0 he, and the
s.une is hereby, appiopriated toward* defrajingany cxtraor-
dni.ny oxpen-^s which may be mcuied in the intetcour-e
between the United States and foieign nations, to be paid
out of any money m the Tiea&ury not othei wise appropu-
ated,and to be applied undci the dneeuon oi toe Pies-ident
01 the United rfiatfifi, who shall cause an account thereof to
be laid before Co^ress a-5 soon as may be."
The second section of that act shows that, in
tlfose days, at any rate, for the acquisition of ter-
ritory, the Government and people of the United
States were not afraid to contract a debt. It au-
thorized a debt of $.2,000,000 to cany that act into
effect; and then piovides, in the third section, for
the permanent appropriation of the surplus on
imports and tonnage for the payment of the in-
terest and principal of the di-bu and it simply
requires that the President of the United States
" shall cause an account thereof to be laid before
Congress as soon as may be."
This act docs not designate the purpose for
which it was to be applied, bu* it is a matter of
cott mporaneous history of which there can be
no doubt. It was intended to aid President Jef-
ferson in th" negotiations for the acquisition of
Floiida. Those ne^otiati^gp wuv protractcd
duiing a period of sixteen years. I think Flor-
ida was accptned m 1818. It was a very wise
foresight to ppabl" the President to go on, with
the sanction of the nation, to carry out his policy.
He did not use ih? money in that form, because
we agreed to appropriate the price of the purchase
of Florida to the payment of the claims of Ameri-
can citizens upon Spain.
Mr. POLK. I thank the honorable Senator
from Louisiana for suggesting that fact to me. I
had supposed that in the case of the purchase of
Florida, that money had not been paid into the
hands of the Executive to enable him to carry
out that act.
Mr. SLIDELL. He had it for twelve years.
Mr. POLK. I am glad to find I was mistaken.
Mr. COLLAMER. -Not when the purchase
was made.
Mr. POLK. Ay, I understand that, Mr. Pres-
ident, and the Senator is mistaken; but I say that
these acts show that this money was put into the
hands of the President with the view of effecting
the purchase of Florida from Spain. I say, there-
fore, that I thank the Senator from Louisiana for
his explanation, because it leaves all the instances
of the acquisition of territory by the United States
after the same manner that we propose here, to
wit; a purchase by treaty, after putting money in
the hands of the President in advance of the nego-
tiation, without an exception. That is exactly
what we propose here.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator permit me
to state another circumstance?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. This money remained at the
disposal of the Administration of the United
States for sixteen years, applicable to that pur-
pose.
Mr. POLK. And of coursc, therefore, until
the purchase of Florida was consummated.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from New
York rose to explain to me what his views were
in answer to a question that I was putting. In
j the course of his explanation, he said he should
deem that a fitting: juncture had not arrived when
Spam had not offered to sell. I ask the Senator
if he will say that he will never go for the acqui-
sition of Cuba until Spain shall offer to sell.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator does
not state the whole of my proposition.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I did not state the
whole of his propositions, but I stated the whole
of one of his piopositions.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. POLK. The Senator went on to make an
addition of some half a dozen more. He went on
to make a speech in answer.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator state my
proposition ?
Mr. POLK. I asked the honorable Senator if
he did not put that as one of the events upon
which only he would agree to the purchase of
Mr. SEWARD. I am perfectly willing to an-
swer the honoiable Senator, provided he will al-
low me to answer his question as to what ) did
state. It was this: that a fitting juncture had not
arrived when neither would Spam sell to the Uni-
ted States, nor could th^g President of the United
States, without being backed by an appropriation
of $,30,000,000, make a proposition to the Court
of Spain to buy it. That was my position.
Mr. POLK. In answer to that, I have to say
that the Senator cannot state that the juncture 1ms
not arrived in which Spain will not sell. So,
; there is a very great difference between the Spatt-
! ish minister having said what he did to the Cortes,
! and the response that the Spanish Cortes made
i to his declaration on the one hand, and the saie
{ of the island 011 the other. I shall come to th it
I as 1 proceed.
i But, sir, the Senator fiom N^w Yoik did not
| assume—and I want him to assume it, if he means
■ to do it, directly and categorically—t! 1 at he is op-
] posed to ihe purchase of Cuba, under any circnm-
II stances. The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
|: Hale] did say he was opposed to it. He did not
! speak of the time in the future at which this inland
I should be brought back to us by gravitation. He
i: did not speok of the political necessity compelling
j: the sale of the island at some fui'uo time; but",
j' while the honorable Senator i\nm New York, in
i. his speech, opposed the bill, at the same tiroe it
,, seeiTh d to me — 1 nmy do the Senator injustice, but,
; as I ho-ird his sp"< oh, and as 1 lu^'e lead it since,
1 31 seemed to me—:hat lie was very unwl'iu^ to
assume any opposition to the acquisition; mid
! wished that it should be understood that in- was
i in favor of the acquisition of Cuba; but not just
