1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10 87
no v.*. Hence, J was asking if tins is not the junc-
ture, when vail the juncture aui\e'* if you are
in fftvoj- of the acquisition of Cuba at ail, and you
nay this is not a proper lime for it, I ask you to
tell me when that proper occasion will corne to
pas&?
Mr. SEWARD. Does the honorable .Senator
pause for an answer now ? .
Mr. POLK.
Mr. SEWARD. When the juncture shall
come it will be a practical question, and then i
wiK answer it. Until then it is an abstraction;
and I expressly said hi my speech, upon which
he is commenting, that the question of the pur-
chase of Cuba i's not now before the Senate or the
country. It is totally impracticable.
Mr. POLK. That is just what J said the hon-
orable^ Senatoi's position was. I have stated that
he said this juncture ia not now upon us; and now
what does the honorable Senator tell us? He
tells us that he will be in favor of the acquisition
of Cuba when the proper time arrives. That is
the substance of his remark.
The only plausible ground that I have heard
thus far brought as showing that this is not a
fitting junctuie; that the occasion is not one in
which u is probable that the purchase would be
successful, is, that the Spanish ministerexpressed
a determination against it to the Spanish Cortes,
and that that body concurred with him in the ex-
pression of that sentiment. That is the only prob-
able or plans:ble ground upon which the position
has been assumed in opposition to the bill by the
Senators on the other side. Upon what knowl-
edge have they based the assumption,as 1 under-
take to say it is, and will show that it is, that this
is not tlie pioper juncture5 How can that be
known' Has the attempt been made? One thing
is certain: the purchase never will be accom-
plished until the offer shall be made. Then why
not make it, and make it now ? Is not the prize
desirable enough to justify it?
We have seen already, Mr. President, by the
acts of Congress referred to by the Senator from
Louisiana, that there was put into the hands of
President Jefferson, in 1806, a large amount of
money, to enable him to effect the purchase of
Florida: and it remained there, the honorable
Senator says—and 1 have no doubt he is correct,
because he is thoroughly posted on this whole
question—until 1S19. 1 ask, therefore, in this
immediate connection, how was it in the case of
Florida? Did not the Spanish Government show
great reluctance to part with Florida* But, sir,
political necessity and the force of circumstances,
and above all the conviction that our Goveiment
was resolved upon the meusuie, o\ercame the
retuctanco of Spanish pride.
The people of the province were desirous of
annexation to the United States. In 1810, West
Florida erected herself into an independent State,
and applied for admission into our Union. The
United Stafs took temporary possession of the
country, claiming title by virtue of her treaty with
France. Great Butnin protested. Again, in 1818
the troops of 'he United States, under General
Jackson, took military possession of the entire
province—East as well as West Florida. Spam
protested vehemently. But Florida was necessary
to the protection of our southern fiontier, in a mil-
itary point of view. It was necessary in order to
give us access to the Gulf of Mexico. It was
necessary for the accommodation of our com-
nieiee, and lor the expansion of our territory.
Spain saw that tlu-ie was a puipose, with ear-
nesuios and determination, on the part of this
Government to acquire Flonda. Florida was
purchased by treaty, in 1819; and even afar the
treaty was made, Spain \\ as still reluctant to give
possession, and possession was not taken, 1 be-
lieve, until 1620, and not until a menacing pro-
caine was taken on the part of the Congiess of
the United States, for the purpose of compelling
Spam to carry out that treaty.
blow similar in character weie the facts and
sut foundings m the cast: of Florida then to these
of Cuba >i<ns—only in the multitude and str*mesu
of them iai h-bs. But the negotiation for acqui-
sition v.ms successful in the case of Florida; way
shall jt not also be successful m the case of
Cuba ;
S r, i 11r no means concede that the effort to
pniehast* Cuba w<il Ue abortive. Let it be once
understood by Spain that this Government is re-
solved upon it, and that it has taken steps towards
it with earnestness and purpose, and, in my
opinion, the work will be well-nigh accomplished.
Of this same opinion was one of the most saga-
cious men that ever held office in Cuba; a man
who thoroughly understood Cuban affairs; who
thoroughly understood the political necessities of
tlie island, and its,relations both to Spain and to
this country. 1 allude to the Conde de Villa-
neuva. He said:
u So long the affair is in the hands of private filiihus-
ters, we can defend the island; but when the American
Government takes the question in hand, we must look for
anothei solution "
Does not General O'Donnell, the Spanish Pre-
mier, who was, for a long time, Captain General
of the island, know the same thing? Sir, Spain
knows veiy well that she is fated ultimately to
lose Cuba. All her continental possessions in the
New World, and all her islands, too, except only
Cuba and Porto Rico, have passed forever from
her grasp; and all of them, except those now held
by the United States, have been wrested from her
by force. Can she expect to retain Cuba? What
has happened, in the course of events, with all her
other transatlantic possessions, will also happen,
in the fullness of time, with Cuba. Why, sir, in
order to keep down the inhabitants, and to pre-
vent them from making the conquest of the isl-
and for themselves, she is compelled to garrison
it continually with twenty-five or thirty thousand
troops, and to blockade its ports with her men-of-
war. Will she not prefer to sell it for a fair con-
sideration, rather than to yield it up for nothing?
Let Spcin be assured that the United States want
the island, and that its inhabitants want her to
\ have it, and, moreover, that the former are will-
j ing to pay licr the full value for it: will she not
j see that it will be wise to sell it? Will this not
j be " the coincidence of opportunity and neces-
! sify," which, according to the Senator from New
j Yoik, must bring about the sale?
I Moreover, let the Spanish ministry see, as the
| Senator from New York sees, that Cuba gravi-
j tates to the United States as the ripened apple,
; yet hanging on its native tree, gravitates to the
i earth; and they will then also see, in the lan-
j guage of the honorable Senator, that " political
! necessities have determined that ultimate conclu-.
| sion to which they must come.5' And that con-
| elusion, I add, is most clearly the sale of the isl- j
| and to the United States. Sir, I make my thanks 1
1 to the honorable Senator for wnat he has said on
this point. These are his words: |
f iiave Hhvav- received a? a political maxim the decla- j
ration? made b\ our piedecufsors in regard to the acquisi !
tion of Cubi. Evety rock and every giam ot sand in that j
Hand weie dinted and washed oui from American «oil by
the tlood-i ot uie Mi -mpi, and the other e >tuaiies of the
Gulfot Mexu-o. The island Mas seemed to me, jtM as our
predecev-ors have >aid. to gravitate hack agam to the pa- i
rent comment Irani which it t-pr.uig I have <aippo:>ed that |
political uecv—mes would determine tnat ultimate conclu- j
sion ; and f know that to political necesMtiu?* all actions of i
gtneinmcnt miwr bend, and all &entmienta of nauousmust j
accommodate Uietn-«elve-..;5 I
This, sir, is a full answer to all that has been :
said, or that can be sa'd, against the present bill, \
for the mopporrnneness. or impolicy, or hopeless- 1
ness of the measure it proposes. i
Sir, let one of those violent revolutionary storms :
come down upon Spam, to which we know she >
has been so often exposed in the^ecem past, and |
her Crown and ministry, in order to save them- j
selves, may be willing to treat Cuba as the mari- 1
ner m a gale does his cargo—throw overboard !
even "the most precious pai t of it in order to save j
him-?.'Iffrom shipwreck. J
But, sir, whether the result be success or fail- !
ure, m this case of Cuba, I adopt the sentiment ;
and the language of the report of the committee j
in the case of the acquisition of Louisiana: j
li the purchase can be made, we ought not to Initiate, i
If the attempt should lull, we s-hall have di3charged an im-
portant duty. 1
Mr. President, it was once said by one of my
illustrious predecessors upon this floor, that the
western limit of our Republic was never to ex- '
tend beyond the Rocky Mountains—1 do not
quote the language; that the god Terminus had ,
iixed our furthest western boundary upon the sum-
mits of that monnteni-ranire. Bui, sir, subse- !
quent events, m the lapse of comparatively only |
a lew rears, have r)io\^d the prediction to have 1
been fallacious. The swelling tide of our popu-
lation and enternnse, impelled by the spirit of1
Anglo-Saxon progress and adventure, has burst u
over the mountain barrier, spread itself over the
golden sands of California, until it has met the
waves of the Pacific sea. And now the refluent
tide is returning, by the way of Central America
and the Island of Cuba, to the Atlantic shore,
from which it started.
lam glad, sir, that in that eloquent apostrophe,
in which the honorable Senator from Virginia a
few days ago expostulated with the young giant
of the West, as he most appropriately called him,
he did not dissaude him from the acquisition of
Cuba by the. use of all just and honest means. In
his infancy he needed for his immediate growth
the ancient Louisiana. Under the auspices of
Mr. Jefferson it was purchased for him. Twenty
years afterwards, that same sagacious, philosoph-
ical statesman saw that he would soon need the
Island of Cuba also. And now, sir, in our day,
when he is in the vigor and prowess of his young
manhood, that necessity is upon us. This bill
proposes to meet it; and I,for one, respond to it.
Mr. COLLAMER obtained the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him to give way for a motion to
adjourn?
Mr. COLLAMER. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. X hope the Senator will not
press the motion to adjourn. I tlfmk wo can
finish the consular and diplomatu? appropriation
bill this evening,
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nobody here, and
I think we might as well adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the consular appropriation
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I must insist that my motion
to adjourn be put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Benja-
min in the chair.) Does the Senator from New
York insist on his motion to adjourn?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let us get
through with the appropriation bill to-mghf.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will state that 1 wish to
offer an amendment to the appropriation bill; but
I have not got it prepared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 13, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. SEIDELL. -I ask tor the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biodenck, Ciaik,Cjay> Ooiiainer. Dix-
on, Doolittie, Fe&senden. Foot, ^alloiy, I'e.nce, E'ugn,
Seward, Simmon?, and Wade—14.
WAV'S—Messis. Ba>aid, Benpimin, Bister. Brown, nine-
man, Davis, Fitch. Houston. Hunter, Iver-on. Jolnir-on of
Arkansas, Johoou of Teune^eo, Jones. Lai\f\ Ma-on,
Polk, Reid.Rice, Sebastian, Siideil, Smith, 'Puomb-, and
Waid—'13.
So the Senate refused to adjourn
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Virginia, to postpone ail prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking up the appropriation bill.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 666) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year ending June
30, I860, the pending quention being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Pugh.
Mr. PUGH. With the leave of the Senn'e, I
will withdraw that amendment for the pres mt, m
order to get a vote upon one which may not be
so objectionable to some Senators, not so funda-
mental. I think th& is the best proposition , but
for the present I wm withdraw it. In line eigl ?,
after the word " extraordinary," I move to so ike
out down to, and including, the sixteenth line in
the following words:
'• Ministers, and commissioner-; of the United State* at
Great Britain, Trance. lJu ffa, Piu^m. Spue, Au-Uiia, IVi-
Z'l, Mexico. China. 'Chili. Peru. Poiimiai. fc-wit/.eiiand,
V.ome. \ap!es, Sardinia, Belgium, II .1; uiiL bet-mas k, SvVe-
ilea, Turkey, Burrm* A\res. New Giam.da.
dor.\ enezuVla, Guatemala. Xscnra",; i. Rui.dv. ich ManiJ«,
Co.-ta Itiea, Honduras Argentine ComcJeniUon, and Pata-
guay.
And to insert the following; ho that ihe section
will read:
For talaues of envoys extraordinarv and minis'eis p!«"iu-
poteutiary of the Unked States at Cheut JUmaiu, France,
