1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO$E.
5
The members present proceeded, in execution 1
of the resolution just adopted, to draw seats for
the session.
RESOLUTIONS AND BILLS.
The SPEAKER announced that resolutions
were in order from the States, commencing with
Maine.
The States were called in order, when Pennsyl-
vania being; called,
Mr. GROW said. I desire to know whether,
under this call, bills can be introduced of which
previous notice has been given?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has some doubt
whether they can, if the notice has not been given
at the present session.
Mr. GROW. That is the question X desire to
have the Chair decide.
The SPEAKER, (after a moment's consider-
ation.) The Chair is of opinion that it would be
in order to introduce such bills.
Mr. GROW then introduced the following bill,
of which previous notice had been given:
A bill to amend an act to establish a court for
the investigation of claims against the United
Slates, so as to permit creditors of the Govern-
ment to sue in the district courts of the United
States.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CURTIS, when Iowa was called, intro-
duced the following bill, of which previous notice
was given last session:
A bill for the construction of a central Pacific
railroad.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if this call authorizes the introduction and
reference of bills of whiek no notice has been
given ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then desire to know whether
notice has been given of that bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
stated, on introducing the bill, that previous no-
tice had been given.
Mr. HOUSTON. "Would notice at the last
session of Congress authorize the introduction of
bills this session?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no reason
■why it should not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe the rule
provides that after a certain number of days, the
business of the House shall stand as at the close
of the last session. The specified number of days
has not yet expired.
The SPEAKER. The 22d rule has reference
entirely to bills and resolutions already before the
House. The rule is as follows:
" After six flays from The commencement of a second or
sub&equent session of auj Congress, all bilk, resolutions,
and tepoi ts which onginated m the House, and at the close
of the next preceding oc^sion icmainod undetermined, shall
be resumed and acted on m the same manner as if an ad-
journment had not taken place." j
The bill was then read a first and seeond time, |
and referred to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
whether there is any committee to which to refer j
that bill ?
The SPEAKER. The reference of a bill to a
select committee of the last session would be the
reviving of that committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. There cannot be a reference
to a committee that existed last session, for no
such committee exists under any rule of the
House. That committee existed, because the
House, at its last session, created it; and the term-
ination of the last session terminated the exist-
once of that committee. There being no such
committee in existence, a resolution referring the
bill to a committee means another committee; be-
cause the former committee is not brought into
existence by any such general terms of refer-
ence. , , ,
Mr. REAGAN. I understand that the author-
ity of that committee was continued by a resolu-
lion of last session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not so understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the reference to the select committee of last ses-
sion will have the efl'ect to revive that committee.
Just as when during the session, a select com-
mittee makes a report, and is, by that fact, dis-
chaiged, it is, of course, revived by are-rcference
of the same subject-matter to it. That has been
the uniform practice.
DUTIES ON COAL. IRON, LEAD, WOOL, ETC.
Mr. DEWART. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to report a bill Increasing the duty on coal and
iron.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. DEWART. I move to suspend the rules
so as to enable me to introduce the resolution;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The commit-
tees have not yet been appointed by the Chair. I
would suggest to the mover of the resolution, and
to all others, that there should first be a resolution
passed authorizing the Speaker to appoint the
committees. Or, if it be in order to amend this
resolution, I would suggest an amendment, that
the Committee of Ways and Means, when ap-
pointed, be so instructed. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to make that modifica-
tion.
Mr. DEWART. I accept the suggestion.
The resolution was so modified; and the yeas
and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, so to modify his
resolution as to make it include another great
interest—that of lead.
Mr. DEWART. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is it in order to move to
lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The resolution
is not before the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to have the ques-
tion taken on that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to know
whether the resolution directs the committee per-
emptorily to report such a bill, or only to inquire
into the expediency of doing so?
The SPEAKER. It directs the committee to
report such a bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the resolution—that it also include
wool?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether he will not include another
item—wool and woolen fabrics ?
Mr. DEWART. I will take in wool.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask whether it is in order,
at this time, for the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to accept amendments—the resolution not
being before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not a question of order
addressing itself to the Chair. The suggestions
are addressed to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. The resolution is not before the House so
as to be acted upon in the shape of adopting
amendments.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask my colleague if
he will not modify his resolution so as to read
thus: " that the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to so modify or change the tariff as
to raise the necessary revenue to support the
Government ?"
Mr. DEWART. No, sir.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask my col-
league to insert in his resolution the following
wo°ds: " and such other articles as need protec-
tion against foreign competition."
Mr. DEWART. I accept that suggestion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to ask my friend
from Pennsylvania to modify his resolution so as
to include sugar.
Mr. DEWART. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If the gentleman accepts
that suggestion, I am satisfied.
Mr. DEWART. I do accept it.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to insert m his resolution the fol-
lowing words: " and all other articles, to a suffi-
cient amount to meet the expenses of the Govern-
ment and to discharge our national debt."
Mr. COBB. And to carry on the war against
Paraguay. [Laughter.]
Several Members. Read the resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was again read, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means, when
appointed, be instructed to report a bill increasing the duty
on coal, iron, lead, wool, sugar, and such other articles as
need protection against foreign competition.
Mr. DEWART. No, sir; not sugar
Mr. DAVIDSON. I understood the gent.eman
to accept my suggestion.
Mr. DEWART. I did not intend to include
sugar. '
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I aslc the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to include the Ar-
ticle of hemp.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood that the yeas
and nays were ordered on the motion to suspend
the rules. If the rules be suspended the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will then propose his
resolution. I do not consider that it is in order
now to consume the time of the House in modi-
fying a resolution that is not before the House.
The gentleman has a right to change his resolu-
tion, and has a right to offer it to the House. I
ask for a vote on the suspension of the rules.
Mr. LEITER. I wish to inquire whether the
sugar coating has been taken off this thing?
[LaughterJ
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] as amounting to an objection; and at
this stage of the matter, debate is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
like to know if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
accepts my suggestion, to include hemp?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama objects.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman from Alabama has no right to object to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania accepting any
modification.
The SPEAKER. No debate whatever is in
order. The question is on suspending the rules,
so as to enable the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means, when
appointed, be instructed to report a biti increasing thc/duty
on coal, iron, lead, wool, and sue!) other articles as need
protection against foreign competition.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
102, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ah], Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
iinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Braytoji, Buffinton, Burlm-
game, Burroughs, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezra Ciark, Uorace F. Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane,
Colfax, Covode. Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of' Massachusetts, Davis of Cowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Gid-
dings, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Harris, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Huyler, Owen Jones, Kellogg. Kelsey, Kilgore, John (i.
Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leidy, Leiter. Lovejoy, Humphrey
Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Murray, OHn, Palmer, Parker, William
W. Plielps, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Reilly, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royee, Russell, Scott, John
Sherman. Judson W. Sherman, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Caihvalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbyrne,
Israel Washburn, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Wortendyke,
and Zollicoffer—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Blair, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brran, Burnett, Burns, Ca-
rui hers, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cock-
erill, Comins, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Currv, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Dowdeil, Edmundson, English, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett,
Gartrell, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Gioesbeck, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Keitt,Knapp, Jacob M.
Kunkel, Lamar, Mar lay. McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall,
Miles, Miller, Millson, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Niblaek,
Nichols, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Powell, Ready, Rea-
gan, Itudin, Sandulge, Savage, Scales, Searing, Shorter,
Singleton, Robert Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
Trippe, YallancUgham, Warren, Walkins, Wmslow,Wood,
and Augustus R. Wright—87.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Pending the vote,
Mr. COMINS said: Mr. Speaker as itisusual,
before proceeding to business at a new session, to
receive a message from the President of the United
States, giving his views on the questions before
the country, and as I do not wish to anticipate
the President, I vote "No." _
Mr. MOORE stated that if he had been m the
Hall when his name >vas called he would have
voted "No."
PRINTING THE ESTIMATES.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to authorize the Clerk of the
House to have the document that was laid before
us this morning, the annual estimates, bound. We
