1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
Russia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico, and China; for salaries of
ministers resident at Prussia, Austria, Buenos Ayres, Chili,
Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Holland, Denmark,
Sw den, Turkej', Japan, Venezuela, and New Grenada ;
for the salaries of commissioners to the Sandwich Islands
and Paraguay, thousand dollars: Provided, That the
duties of the mission of the United States at Naples shall be
discharged by the minister resident at Rome; those of the
mission at Sardinia, by the minister resident at Switzerland;
those of the mission at Belgium by the minister resident at
Holland; those of the several missions at Guatemala, Hon-
duras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, by the minister resident
at New Granada; those of the mission at Bolivia, by the
minister resident at Peru; those of the mission at Ecuador,
by the minister resident at Venezuela, and those of the mis-
sion to the Argentine Confederation, by the minister resident
at Buenos Ayres: Jlnd provided further, That no embassa-
dor, envoy extraordinary, minister resident, commissioner,
or charge d'affaires, shall be entitled to any compensation
during the said fiscal year.
Mr. HUNTER. I only desire to say three or
four words upon this proposition. I admit that
the act which the Senator from Ohio proposes to
amend, requires amendment; but it can only be
done in some well considered separate law. The
Senator had better turn his attention to it, and
bring in a separate measure. In the meantime,
let us pass this bill, which is simply according to
law. There is nothing in it, except to carry out
some provision of law, with the exception of a
small appn^priation for the northwestern boun-
dary.
Mr. PUGH. Well, Mr. President, I have
found out that there is no place for any retrench-
ment. Once before, when I objected to this act
of the President*in creating riew offices, I was
told to wait for the appropriation bill. Perhaps
some Senators recollect that. Now I come to the
appropriation bill, and I am told to wait until
some other time. It is a continual cry, " Let the
appropriation bill go through." Why so? Are
the appropriations right? Do we give this money
for public service? No, sir; the Senator admits
that we do not But Senators say let this bill go
through; let this money be taken from the pockets
of our constituents, in order to swell that huge
cry for increased taxation that comes to us from
the other end of the avenue. I thought my friend
from Virginia was the last man who would op-
pose what he admits isa reform that ought to be
carried out.
Now Senators tell me about the virtue of the
act of 1856. We are told we ought to revise it
leisurely, completely, and thoroughly. Sir, I was
a member of this body when the act of 1856 passed.
It was never read in this body—not a line of it.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] got up
and told us that it had been prepared with great
care in the State Department; and we took it on
faith. I do not thWk there was any great delib-
eration in spreading out all this vast system.
There was not as much said about it as has been
said about my amendment. That act provides
that, when the minister to one court is ordered to
discharge the duties of another mission, he shall
have, in addition to his salary, fifty per cent, of
the salary of the other mission. My object is to
save fifty per cent, of the salary of the minister
to Naples, and many other courts. The fact is,
neither the minister to Rome or to Naples has any
business at all during the whole year round; it
is all stuff to say otherwise; but still, instead of
having two of them, I piopose to have one and a
half; that is, so far as salary is concerned. That
is all my reduction. I propose that, in many of
those missions which are mere names, that the
minister of the next court shall pay them a formal
visit, and that we shall save at least half the sal-
ary.
Now, sir, 1 do not see why this cannot be done
upon the appropriation bill. I do not see the wis-
dom of refusing to place it on an appropriation
bill. What is that bill for > I have never been
very much in favor of genJml legislation on an
appropriation bill; but I do not call a safeguard
against the expenditure of public money general
legislation. If I find a law in existence which re-
quires the payment of money that ought not to
be paid, then J am for repealing that law, because
that supersedes the necessity of appropriating the
money. But, if you yield to this cry, Senators,
" let the appropriation bill go through,''you will
never get any retrenchment. It was the holding
back of money bills in all ages that secured the
rights of the people. If you want retrenchment
of the expenditures; if you wish to avoid the
necessity of borrowing money, of increasing the
public debt, and increasing the public taxes, you
vail never let go the appropriation bills until you
have brought them down to the lowest point con-
sistent with the public interest. I think this is a
good reform. It is little enough. It is not more
than one tenth of what it ought to be. In order
to see whether there is any real purpose of re-
trenchment, I shall ask for the yeas and nays op
the amendment. It shall have my vote if it hS
nobody else's.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to hear the amend-
ment read.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to say to the
Senator from Ohio that if I had time to look into
the subject and examine itin connection with the
law, and felt sure that it was a reform, that it
would reduce the expenditures of the Govern-
ment without injuring the service, I would go for
it with pleasure; but I have not time to do that,
and I am afraid to enter into this matter rashly
for the very reason he has given. I was one of
those who voted without examination for this
original law—this law of 1856, which has turned
out so badly. I went to the State Department
for the purpose of seeing whether an amendment
could not be devised to rectify some of its evils
in regard to the consuls, and I came to the con-
clusion, from all I learned there, that it would re-
quire a provision so complicated that it could not
be introduced on an appropriation bill. I will not
say that the Senator from Ohio has not been more
successful; but I have not time to look into it
and examine it. I am as willing 
Mr. PUGH. It would be just as easy to look
into that as into the bill. If the bill is worth pass-
ing, it is worth being made right.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio to fill up the blank in his proposition.
Mr. PUGH. I can fill that up afterwards if the
amendment is carried.
Mr. CLAY. I merely wish to ask a question
to determine my own vote. Is this provision
prospective for the next year?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly; itisto commence with
the 1st of July next.
Mr. CLx\Y. It dops not refer to the present?
Mr. PUGH. Oh, no.
Mr. CLAY. Then I shall vote for it.
Mr. PUGH. The former part of the bill was
limited to that.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the Senator from Ohio
whether it is intended that a minister who per-
forms, for instance, double functions at Naples
and Rome, is only to receive the present salary ?
Mr. PUGH. He receives the salary of the
minister to Rome, and half the salary of the min-
ister to Naples. The law of 1856 gives it to him,
which 1 have not touched.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I am inclined to vote
for several of these modifications; but I would
suggest to the Senator from Ohio the propriety
of taking them separately. I think I can point
out one or two mistakes that he has made.
Mr. PUGH. I shall be very happy to have
the Senator's assistance.
Mr. SLIDEjkL. So faras regards the missions
to Naplesand Kome, there is really nothing to do
at Rome, but sometimes there are matters of con-
sequence at Naples. If the consolidation be made
—and I have always thought it ought to be made—
the principal seat of the mission ought to be at
Naples, and Rome ought to be an accessory. So
with Switzerland and Saidinia. Sardinia is pre-
pared to play a great role in the theater of Europe.
Ittis the only really constitutional Government on
the continent. It is an enlightened, progressive
Government; a truly representative Government;
one probably that, before many years, perhaps
before months, wil! control the northern part of
Italy to the Papal States. Our commercial rela-
tions with Switzerland are important, to a certain
extent; but our political relations are of no kind
of consequence. Therefore, if the change should
be made, the mission should be at Turin. That
should be the seat of the mission. The duties of
the mission to Switzerland should be performed
by the minister at Turin.
I think i could point out two or three other er-
rors in detail, m the project of the Senator. I
agree with him that there are too many missions
in Italy, too many in South America; and I be-
lieve the whole diplomatic corps would be pro*
moted, would be advanced, and improved by the
consolidation of these missions. If he is willing
that we shall take up this amendment in detail,
and consider it, I shall have no sort of objection
to it; I approve of very many of them, but never-
theless, if he desires to have a vote upon them en
masse, I shall be obliged to record my vote in the
negative.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to change
them. I am willing to do so. I am not a mem-
ber of the Committee on Foreign Relations. I
have only indicated a general outline. I will ac-
cept any suggestion of that character.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am only making a few sug-
gestions on this subject. Now, as regards the
Argentine Confederation, the amendment of the
Senator is inoperative, because we have but one
representative to the Buenos Ayrean provinces,
and therefore that portion of tjie amendment fails.
There is but one minister to the Argentine Con-
federation, and he resides at Buenos Ayres.
Mr. PUGH. They are separate in the original
bill.
Mi;. SLIDELL. I think not,
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. The Senator will find
them separately stated in the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. That may be. Then it is a
new mission; ah, it is the new one to Paraguay.
Mr; PUGH. But there is a separate commis-
sioner to Paraguay.
Mr. SLIDELL. It may be so; but 1 am not
aware of it.
Mr. PUGH. The President'sent one under the
resolution of the last session.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is a new appropria-
tion.
Mr. PUGH. I should be very sorry to have
my amendment defeated because Senators who
are in favor-of the general proposition discover
errors in detail. I am not familiar with the sub-
ject, not being a member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. 1 am willing to accept any
suggestion that may be made in regard to it. It is
the saving of the money that I am after. I accept
the suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana in
regard to those two missions of Sardinia and Na-
ples.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will suggest to the Senator
that it would be well'to have the amendment
printed, so that we can consider it, and have it
before us. I think the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, in regard to assigning missions, is a
good one, that men can serve in at least two ca-
pacities. There may be some reasons for select-
ing missions to other countries. You may have
more efficient men atone place than another. For
instance, the minister at Sardinia might be more
efficient than the man in Switzerland. The char-
j acter of the man, and the character of the busi-
| ness, ought to locate the ministers. I think if this
j amendment was printed, we could get at them in
i ten minutes.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not been able to read
' the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and
! hence cannot be prepared to express an opinion
about the propriety of the adoption of that par-
ticular amendment. I must say, however, that I
do feel some interest in the prmcipic which has
been elicited in the discussion which has taken
place. I do not agree at all with the Senator from
Virginia, the respected chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, that the President of
the United States, under the Constitution, has the
right to send a minister anywhere he pleases, and
to create, in his discretion, the office of a foreign
minister. I understand that to be the position of
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I may not have expressed my-
self very distinctly this morning; but the Senator
certainly misunderstood me. It is very certain
| that the President, under the Constitution, can-
; not appoint a foreign minister at all without the
| Senate advises whom he shall appoint. What I
! meant to say, and what I have said, is, that none
| but the President can originate a foieign mission;
i that is to say, if we had no relations, if we had
| no diplomatic intercourse, say with the kingdom
of Sardinia, the President might, or might not,
