THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Sessiox,
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1859.
at his discretion, institute diplomatic intercourse
with it; but if he did not choose to do it, we could
not compel him to do it. The Senate coM not
do it; nor could the Congress combined. That
is all there is in it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I differ in toto with the Sen-
ator from Virginia. I hold it is a matter for Con-
gress to determine by lav/ at what countries we
will have ministers to represent us, and at what
countries we shall not. It is proper for us to say
that we will have a minister to England, or we
have the right to say wc will not be represented
at England at all.
Mr. MASON, ml should like to know where
Congress gets the power?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think that Congress gets
the power under the Constitution. I will analyze
this clause under which the power is claimed for
the President. The clause of the Constitution is
this:
He shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to.make treaties, provided two thirds
of the Senators present concur, and tie shali nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint embassadors, other public ministers and cons-uis,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United Staler whor-t: appointment* are not herein other-
wise provided for, arid wmcil shall be established by
law."
He has the same power to appoint judges of
the Supreme Court, that he has to appoint foreign
ministers or consuls. Will it be said that he could
appoint a judge of the Supreme Court until Con-
gress should have provided by law for such a
court, prescribing the number of judges and their
duties r It might be urged with the same propri-
ety that it was in his discretion whether he would
have any judges or not, or how many he would
have, as to say that it was within the presidential
discretion whether we would have foreign min-
isters, and if so, how many foreign ministers we
would have. When Congress shall provide by
Jaw for the Supreme Court, and prescribe the
number of judges, the power of appointment is
vested in the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. So, when Congress
shall prescribe by law for a minister to Japan,
the appointment of that minister is vested in the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
I hold that it is for Congress to prescribe by
law where we will be represented, and where we
wilt not. We should piescnbe by law, not only
the country, but the character of the office—
whether he shall be an embassador, or a minister
plenipotentiary, or a minister resident, or a charge
d'affaires—and what the salary of that officer
shall be. So we should prescribe in the law
whether we will have a consul, or a vicc consul,
or a consul general, and what his salary shall be;
and at what point that consul, vice consul, or
consul general, shall be located. These are all
matters of legislation. I deny that there is any
such office as consul, or embassador, or minister
resident, unless Congress shall create the office.
When Congress has created the office, and pre-
scribed its duties and the salary, then the power
of appointment is vested in the President, in the
recess of the Senate, and in the President and
Senate when we arc m session.
There is an important principle involved in
this question, I understand the Senator from Vir-
ginia to hold the doctrine that if the President
chooses, he may send a diplomatic agent to Per-
sia without our consent. YVe have had the prop-
osition to create a mission to Persia before us and
have declined doing it.
Mr. COLLAMER. it is said it can be done
without the consent of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not speaking about the
power of appointment. Whenever it is proper to
make an appointment at all, it must be made by
the President and theSenate,if wearein session,
and the President alone when we are not in ses-
sion. Hut 1 am speaking aboutthe right to create
the office. I deny that under the Constitution
there is any such office in existence as minister
to Persia. The question is, can the Executive,
GO
New Series*..No. 69.
liiMi'm'i.m.   m r - i r 'i ■ ii,7, it
without the authority of Congress create such an
office? I hold that he cannot.
Mr. MASON. I cannot understand what the
Senator from Illinois means by an office and an j
officer within the meaning of our law, as con-
nected with the duties of a minister sent abroad.
An office, as I should understand it, is some du-
ties or privileges created by law which are to'be j
discharged by some person who is to be appointed ;
by law to discharge them, and the duty, the emol-
uments, the privileges, and the rights, and all
that pertain'to what is called the office, are to be
fixed by law; in other words, the office is to be
created by law. Now, a foreign minister, as I
understand it, holds no office whatever—I mean j
within the meaning of our laws and our Consti- :
tution. The functions of the character of a for- -
eign minister are influenced by international law,
to which our Government is no more a party than
ail other Governments; and they are parties only
by acquiescence. All the duties and privileges,
the lights and the character, of a foreign minister
are fixed by public law, international law.
So, as I said this morning, if I understand it
aright, when the President of the United States, ■
as the Executive, appoints a foreign minister, ho
can only do it by the concurrence of the Senate. :
Although it is directly within the appropriate
functions of the Executive, yet the Constitution
says he shall appoint only by the concurrence of
the Senate; but when the appointment is made,
all the duties, all the rights, ail the privileges, all
the functions that pertain to that office are defined,
not by law of the United States, but by interna-
tional law; and to that alone a minister looks as
to what his rights, his duties, and his privileges
are while resident abroad. |
Now, as to the participation of the Senate with
the President in this diplomatic intercourse, I
have said nothing more than this: who doubts
that the President of the United States, in conduct-
ing the foreign intercourse of the United States
with a view to affect the foreign relations of the
country, may, at hisdiscretion,and withoutcon-
sulting anybody, send a citizen of the United
States to Persia, Greece, or to Russia, not as a
minister, not in a diplomatic character, but as his
agent—the agent of the organ of the United States
communicating with foreign countries, for any
purpose that he may deem valuable to the public
interest? For that \erv purpose, anions: others,
there is always, from year to year, upon your
statute-book, a fund, sometimes larger and some-
times smaller, for the contingent expenses of for-
eign intercourse. A commissioner is paid out of
that fund, and what he is to do when he gets to
the place to which he has been appointed, the
President alone is to prescribe. A foreign min-
ister is recognized by the Constitution as a func-
tionary of the Government, but the character of
his functions is prescribed by the public law.
The Constitution does nothing more in restiict-
ing the general authority of the Executive than
to s:ty, " when you appoint a minister, you shall
not do it without the concurrence of the Senate;"
but where a minister is to go, when he goes
abroad, is dependent altogether on the Executive.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The difference between the
Senator from Virginia and myself is this: he
thinks the minister to Great Britain is not an of-
ficer within the meaning of the Constitution 
Mr. MASON. Within the meaning of the
lav.
Mr. DOUGLAS. lie says he is not an officer
within the meaning either of the Constitution or
of the law. i think he is an officer under the
Constitution, and that his office is an office within
the meaning of the Constitution; and I think so
for the reason that the Constitution of the United
States says so. It is an office created by law; it
exists bv the act of Congress under the Constitu-
tion, and the person appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to fill it, is an officer of this Government under
the Constitution. The clause of the Constitution
which I have already read, i wilt read again: j
Ml« shah nominate, and uy and with the adme sad can- '
sent of the Senate shall appoint* embassadors, other public
; minister* nnd consul-, judges of the Supreme Court, aadaH
other officers of the United States, whose appointment? are
not herem otherwise provided for, afid which shah be es-
tablished by law."
It speaks of embassadors, ministers, consuls,
judges, and other public officers, showing that,
within the meaning of the Constitution, the min-
ister to England is an officer of this Government
as much as a judge of the Sapremc Court. The
minister to England, in the performance of his
functions, is responsible to the law that creates
his office, as much as a judge of the Supreme
Courtis responsible to the law.. There can be no
such office as minister to England without the
authority of law. It is the law that creates the
office; it is the law that prescribes its duties; it is
the law that fixes the residence of the officer; it is
the law that prescribes his salary. The Consti-
tution says that when the law shall thus creato
the office, it shall be competent for the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to fiil that office.
I illustrated my meaning by the proposition to
establish a mission of the United States at Persia.
I believe the President of the United States recom-
mended an appropriation for such a mission* It
we had made the appropriation, and created that
mission, it would have been an office created by
law , which the President could fill by appoint-
ment, by nnd with the advice and consent of the
Senate. But Congress, having refused to create
such an office, I deny that the President of the
United States has a right to make the appoint-
ment, and create the office, by an Executive edict.
I will not enter into a discussion with the Sen-
ator from Virginia as to the question whether the
President may use the foreign intei course fund to
send agents abroad to obtain infotmation; for, if
he has any such authority, it is by virtue of law,
and not by this constitutional provision. If the
law, fairly interpreted, authorizes him to send
such agents abroad, 1 grant his authority to do it;
but if the law does not confer that power, he does
not possess it. He has no more right to appoint
a foreign minister, when the law does not author-
ize it, than he has to appoint a judge, a district
attorney, or a custom-house officer, where the law
has not prescribed such an •dice, and conferred
such an authority. I sympathized with the Sen-
ator from Ohio in the obj  etion which he made
to the confirmation of Mi. Hams, as> minister to
Japan, on that ground. The Senator afterwards
withdrew his objection, as I understood him, on
the ground that the law had conferred such au-
thority. If the existing laws confer'the authority*
the objection fails.
Mr. PUGH. I did not mean to say that I
thought the existing Jaw confetred it; but the law
was very vague—the act of 1856—and I under-
stood the President had exercised the power once
before, and i had no hostility to Mr. Harris.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have the highest respect
for Mr. Harris.
Mr. DAVIS. That is executive matter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 beg pardon, butl can speak
of Mr. Hat us from what is known of him by the
public. 1 have the highest respect for Mr. Harris,
the late consul general at Japan, for his ability*
for hi* discretion, for his services. I know noth-
ing of him except what his discharge of his public
duties has disclosed. I believe the manner in
which he pel formed those duties, showed him
eminently qualified for, and deserving of, an ao-
pointmentus minister to Japan, if Congress should
bylaw authorize the creation of such an office. I
should have taken great pleasure in voting to con-
firm him if there had been such an office created
by law; but if there is no law authorizing a mis-
sion to Japan, I deny that the President has a
right to create such a mission, and send out a min-
ister, and prescribe a salary, or confer any au-
thority upon him as an officer of this Govern-
ment.
I think there is an important principle involved
in this question. If we wish to confine our ex-
penses for foreign intercourse-withinproper limits,
we must restrain* the Executive authority within
