1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
enough for the Senate to consider whether their •
action of yesterday was not in violation of that
rule, and whether, if so, we should not abandon
the new practice about to be set up; or, at all
events, correct our decision of yesterday, and
apply the rule to this case. At any rate, 1 think
it is advisable (hat the Senate should determine
the force and effect of the joint rule to which I
have called attention, and I ask the Secretary to
read it for the information of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the 22st joint rule.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"21. After six days from the commencementofasecond
or Hibaequent session of Confess, ail bills, resolutions, or
reports which originated in House., and at the close
of the next preceding session remained undetermined in
either House, shall be returned and acted on in the same
manner as if an adjournment had not taken place." '!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will !j
state, on the point of order made by the Senator ji
from Maryland, that, having examined that rule, !|
he does not think it now in order to receive the .1
motion of the Senator from California; and if the !'
question had been made yesterday, and the atten- jj
Uon of the Chair called to it, he would have so ii
ruled on the motion of the Senator from "Virginia, '}
to take up the Amistad case, in order to make it ^
the special order for next Tuesday. The Chair
does not think it in order in the first six days of
the session, under this joint rule, to take up the ii
Calendar of the last session. i
Mr. GWrN. It is the decision of the Chair, !
then, that it is not in order to make the motion !!
which I submitted. I suppose it is not in order !!
until after the sixth day of tins session. |
TheVICEPRESIDENT. TheChairthinksso. i;
Mr. GWIN. Well, I give notice that I shall, !'
at the earliest day, move to take up the Pacific ;i
railroad bill for consideration, i|
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate adjourned ;
to Thursday. ' j'
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 7, 1858. ;i
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer '
hyRev, B. F. Rittengbu. jj
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, !
NEW MEafBERS SWORN IN.
The following named members, elected since
the close of the last session, appeared and quali-
6ed by taking the usual oath to support the Con- i
stitution of the United States : ■'
Mr. Vance, elected from the eighth district of
North Carolina, to fid the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of Mr. Clin*gma>:;
Mr. McUae, elected from the fifth district of
Mississippi, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the ■
death of Mr. Gtiutmaii; and ;
Mr. Klim, elected from the eighth district of"
Pennsylvania, to fill the vacancy occasioned by 'i
the resignation of Mr. J. Glancy Jones.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED. :
By unanimous consent, the following bills and 1
joint resolutions fiom the Senate were taken from /
the Speaker's table, severally read a first and sec-
ond time, and disposed of as indicated below:
An act (No. 979) for the final adjustment of ■
private land claims in th" States of Florida, Lou- 1
jsiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and for other ,
purposes. Referred to the Committee on Private ■
Land Claims. ''
An act (No. 84) to provide for the better regu-
lation of '* night signals" on board '* sail ves-
sels" navigating the northwestern lakesand their 1
tributaries, and for other purposes. Referred to /
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 10) repealing all laws or parts of
laws granting allowances or bounties to vessels
employed in the Dank and other cod fisheries.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A resolution (No. 20) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to pay to the officers and sea-
men of the expedition in search of Dr. Kane the
same rate of pay that was allowed the officers and ^
seamen of the expedition under Lieutenant De <
Haven. Reterred to the Committee on Naval
Aflans.
An act (No. 394) for the relief of Edson Fos-
senden, conseivator of William Crompton. Rc-
feired to the Committee on Patents.
An act (No. 233) for the relief of Miles De- '
vine. Referred to the Committee of Claims. i!
An act (No. 317) for the relief of Thomas L.
Disharoon. Referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
An act (No. 375) to create two additional land
districts in the Territory of Washington. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 308) for the relief of M. C. Gritz-
ner. Referred to the Committee on Patents.
An act (No. 341) making appropriations for
repairing alid securing the works at the harbor
of Chicago, Illinois. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
An act (No. 342) making appropriations for
the preservation and repairs of the piers at the
mouth of Mdwaukee river, in Wisconsin. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce,
A resolution (No. 50) authorizing the President
to designate a site for the equestrian statue of
Washington, and for other purposes. Referred
to the Committee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds.
A resolution (No. 48) for the payment of an
unexpended balance to the State of Georgia on
account of militia services. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An actJNo. 3S9) for the allotment of lands to
certain New Yoik Indians, and for other pur-
poses. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
An act (No. 308) for the relief of William
Money. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 403) for the relief of George Stcaley.
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act (No. 400) to surrender the stock of the
United States in the Dismal Swamp Canal Com-
pany, upon certain conditions, to said company.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce. j
An act (No. 32*3) for the relief of the purchasers
of public lands withm the timber lesurve oppo-
site Fort Kearny, and for the settlers within the
Winnebago agency and the Fort Atkinson reser- ■
vation, all in the State of Iowa. Referred to the '
Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 407) for the relief of Milh Jud- ;
son, surety on the official bond of the late Purser ;
Andrew D. Crosby. Ilefeired to the Committee :
of Claims.
An act (No. 41 J) for the relief of Ebenezer 1
Ricker. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. j
An act (No. 417) for the relief of Willis A. ;
Gorman. Referred to the Committee on Indian j
A flairs. ;
An act (No. 413) fnr the relief of Captain J. B. i
Montgomery. Referred to the Committee of ;
Claims. ■
An act (No. 54} to revive and extend an act -
entitled "An act for the relief of the represeota- ,
tives of John Donnelson, Stephen Heard, and >
others," approved May 24, lS24,and the several .
acts extending, continuing, and reviving the same.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 327) to affirm certain entries of,
land in the State of Louisiana. Referred to the ;
Committee on Private Land Claims. I
An act (No. 414) to ivimbmse the corporation i
of Georgetown, in. the District of Columbia, a '
sum of mono7 advanced towards the construction
of the Little Falls budge. Referred to the Com-
mittee for the District cf Columbia.
An act (No. 421) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land warrant to Benjamin
Ward. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
An act (No. 426) to authorize the Secretary of '
the Interior to issue a land warrant to Russell '
Pitch, of Ohio. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
An a<n (No. 427) for the relief of Thomas W.
Ward, Kite United Stairs con>ul at Panama. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (No. 42^) fur the relief of James Mycr.
Rcfeired to the Committee of Claims. j
An act (No. 429) for the relief of Jane J. Win- :
gerd. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 435) for the relief of James T. V. J
Thompson. Referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. ;
An act (No. 434) for the relief of Theresa Dar- j
denne, -widow of Abraham Dardenne, deceased,
and their children. Referred to the Committee !
on Public Lands. i
An act (No. 371) for the relief of Anthony W.
Bayard. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
A resolution (No. 51) explanatory of an act for
the relief of Dr. Charles D. MaxwelU a surgeon
m the United States Navy-. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
A resolution (No. 52) for the relief of Williarii
Hazard Wigg.
Mr. KEITT. I ask unanimous consent that
the House put that resolution on its passaged It
is founded upon a mere clerical error in 'a'bill
which was passed some two years ago. 'An error
was made in computing the interest due the claim-
ant. I hope there will be no objection to putting
i, the resolution on its passage.
11 _ Mr. GIDDINGS. I object. This is a* very
11 irregular way of disposing of a private claim. I
i move that the resolution he-referred to the Com-
j mittee of Claims.
| The motion was agreed to.
| An act (No. 120) for the relief of David Myerle.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 263) granting the right of way
, over, and depot grounds on, the military reserve
i at Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, forrail-
, road purposes.
; Mr. COiiB. Jf that bill is to grant right of
i way through the public lands, it should go to the
i Committee on Public Lands. I move to refer it
; to the Committee on Public Lands,
i Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It proposes to
grant right of way through a military reservation,
i and therefore properly belongs to the Committee
. on Military Affairs. I move that it be referred
I to that committee.
' DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill for the relief of David
Myerle was referred to the Committee of Claims,
with a view of having it referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs,
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 think that the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania had better let the matter re-
main as it has'been disposed of.
1 Mr. FLORENCE. The Qommittee on Naval
Affairs have had this bill before them evcry"Ses-
sion of Congress during my service in this body.
Its members are familiar with its details,and can
report on it sooner, probably, than any other com-
mittee. Let us acc[Uaint the House with the facts
involved, and I have no doubt itwillagree to pass
the bill. We have taken care to investigate the
' claim, to familiarize ourselves with all the points
to be decided on, and, I think that we can much
| sooner, and I might say, more intelligently report
' on it than any other committee; at least let me hope
I that we shall report in such way that the gentleman
from Alabama, and the other members of the
House will feel themselves persuaded to vote for
the bill. It is now in the Committee of the Whole
House, with a report in its favor from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand, as the gentle-
; man has stated, thst the Committee on Naval Af-
1 fairs have already reported in favor of this claim.
; Then, of course, there is no use in again report-
, ing it from that committee. If it goes there it
; will go there as a matter of form; for that com-
mittee has already passed its judgment on it, and
i reported that judgment to the House. By again
1 referring it to that committee, we shall, when it
1 reports, be no better off than we are now. We
I can get no additional information. By letting
! the claim go to the Committee of Claims, we
shall have the benefit of an investigation by, and
a report from, another committee, composed, I
, must believe, of gentlemen equally as intelligent
as those of the Committee on Naval Affairs. If
it be a just claim, and one proper to be passed
by this Home, a report from another committer
in its favor will give it additional strength, and
, thus help to secure for it the indorsement of this
1 House. I prefer that it should go to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to the
bill going to the Committee of the Whole House,
if that is in order.
i Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the motion to
! reconsider be laid upon the table,
| The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
i division—ayes 86, noes 33.
! RIGHT OF WAY FORT ORATIOT.
j The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
| the disposition of Senate bill (No. 263) granting
' the right of way over,and depots grounds on, the
