1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
the bounds prescribed by law. It has been sug-
gested here that we should discontinue some of
the missions already existing, as unnecessary.
What is the use of discontinuing them if the'Pres-
ident has aright immediately to'create them again,
and to send ministers there without the consent
of Congress ? I am not talking about the consent
of the Senate in the matter of confirmation; I ana
speaking of the authority of Congress, acting by
law, to create the mission. In other words, 1 hold
that consuls are public officers; foreign ministers
are public officers, whose offices exist by virtue of
the law of Congress—not by virtue of the author-
ity of the President.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him? Will he indicate any law of Con-
gress that ever created the office of minister to
England, or France, or anywhere else?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly I will. There are
various forms of .words by which you may create
a public office. If you put a clause in an appro-
priation bill appropriating $17,000 to pay the sal-
ary of a minister to England, you have thereby
created the office by law, the same as if you made
an appropriation of $5,000 for a district attorney
in Oregon; or you may use a different form of
words,'and say " the office is hereby created, and
$17,000 is appropriated to pay the salary." The
appropriation of money recognizes the existence
of such an office, and fixes the salary.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him once more, which shall be the last
time"? The usual course I understand to be this:
the President sends a message to Congress, in
■which he recommends that an appropriation be
made for the salary of a minister—to be sent to
Japan, for example. Congress, in the appropri-
ation bill, appropriates the money that is asked.
Now, I inquire of the Senator if he means to say
that that appropriation creates the office of min-
ister to Japan.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should hold that that ap-
propriation does create the office.
Mr. MASON. Then I give it up.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I wish now to put a ques-
tion to the Senator from Virginia. Suppose ihe
President asks us for an appropriation of $15,000
to send a minister to Japan, and we, having con-
sidered the subject, come to the conclusion that
no such mission is necessary, and refuse it: can
the President then create the mission?
Mr. MASON. There is not a doubt that the
President can then nominate a minister to Japan;
and if the Senate advise and consent to it, the
President can send-him there; but he would not
do it, because he would have no means of send-
ing him there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the President has the
power under the Constitution, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, without the
authority of Congress, to send a minister there,
by that act he imposes the obligation on this Gov-
ernment to pay him. Let me ask whether the
President of the United States can, by his act,
create a foreign mission and send a minister there,
and impose upon Congress the obligation to ap-
propriate his salary, when Congress had refused
to authorize the establishment of such a mission ?
According to the doctrine of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the President can create this day one hun-
dred missions in all parts of the world, in oppo-
sition to the unanimous vote of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. MASON. The Senator of course does not
intend to misstate me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir.
Mr. MASON. He has read the Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have.
Mr. MASON. The Constitution declares that
ministers shall be appointed by the President only
by the advice and consent of the Senate. How,
then, can the Senator ascribe to me the position
that the President can appoint a foreign minis-
ter, and send him abroad without the consent of
Congress? 1 meant to say simply this: if Con-
gress, which consists of the two Houses, refused
the appropriation, and the Senate and President
together were still to institute the mission, they
would have to send there some gentleman who
would serve without pay, or else take the risk of
a future appropriation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator. 
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The audience
is rather small. There are very few Senators
here; and those who are here must be fatigued.
Many have gone home; and more are now going.
I suggest that the Senator give way now, and be
allowed to .continue his speech on the next occa-
sion when this bill shall be taken up. If he will
do that, I will move an adjournment, if he will
allow me to do so. I suppose the Senator from
Virginia will oppose it; but it is palpable that
there is not a quorum of the body present, and
we can do nothing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no desire to detain
the" Senate. 1 look upon this question as involv-
ing a principle of great importance to the coun-
try, and I shall be prepared to discuss the prin-
ciple involved whenever it comes up. I intended
to treat it as a serious question, involving a great
constitutional principle—involving the extent, of
executive authority in derogation of the rights of
Congress over the Treasury of the nation. I will
not, however, continue the discussion to-day, but
will yield to the suggestion of the Senator from
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 14; and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 17, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. M. Noble, D. D.
READING THE JOURNAL.
The Clerk commenced to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the Journal be-
ing read, unless there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present.
Mr. CLARK B.COCHRANE., I suggest that
it is better to have the Journal read, and by that
time there will be a quorum present.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and stated
that there were one hundred and nineteen mem-
bers present.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickihs, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion (No. 79) in relation to the printing of the
Senate and House of Representatives; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
The Sergcant-at-Arms presented himself at the
bar of the House, and made the following return
to the order of the House, in the case of John
Cassin, Esq., of Philadelphia:
I hereby constitute and appoint Jo. Scvcrns, Esq., my
special deputy, for me and m my stead to execute the within
order of the House of Repicsemative*.
A. J. GLOSSBRENNER,
Ser*eant'(it-*&rins II. of Reps. United States.
February 13,1850.
I forwarded the foregoing deputation to Philadelphia: but
before it could be executed the within named John Cassin
had left that city ior Washington. This morning he pie-
sented himself in the office of the Sergeant at Arms ; and I
now, having arrested him, piesenthim to an^wei, as ordered
by the House. A. J. GLOSSBRENNER,
Sergeant-at-*drms II. of Reps. United States.
February 17, 1859.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I offer ihe
following resolution:
Resolved, That John Cassin, Esquire, of the city of Phil-
adelphia, now in custody of the Sergeant-at-Aims on an
attachment for a contempt in icfusing or neglecting obe-
dience to the summons requiring him to appear and testify
hetore a committee of the House, be now arraigned at the
bar of the House, and the Speaker propound to him the
following interrogatories:
FirU. What excuse have you for not appearing before
the select committee of this House, in pursuance of the
summons served on you on the 7th day of February, 1859?
Second. Are you now ready to appear before said com-
mittee, and answer such proper questions as shall be put
to you by said committee?
And that said John Caasin be required to answer such
questions in writing, and under oath.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. Cassin appearing at the bar of the House,
the Speaker propounded to him the interrogato-
ries indicated in the resolution of the House, to
which he submitted the following answer in
writing:
Washington, February 17, 1359.
To the Hon. James L. Orr, Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States:
On being summoned by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
honorable House of Representatives, I immediately pre-
pared to attend at Washington, but allowed myself to be
delayed by the illness of a near relation, for some days, but
did come, voluntarily, and surrendeied myself to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms yesterday.
I beg leave respectfully to state, that X meant no disre-
spect whatever to the honoiable House, and humbly beg to
be excused for any apparent or actual dereliction.
I am, sir, your most obedient servant,
JOHN CASSIN.
Sworn to before me, February 17,1859.
JAMES L. ORR,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move that
Mr. Cassin be discharged from custody.
The motion was agreed to.
POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS, ETC.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On tjhe 25th of last month, a bill was re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, regulating the payment of postage on
newspapers and periodicals, and for other pur-
poses. The bill, having been read twice, was
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. A
motion was entered to reconsider the vote referring
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and I ask this morning to call up
that motion.
The bill was read.
The first section declares that it shall be lawful
for persons known as regular dealers in newspa-
pers and periodicals to receive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they may require, and to pay
the postage thereon as they may be received, at
the same rates as regular subscribers to such pub-
lications.
The second section declares that maps, engrav-
ings, lithographs, or photograph prints on rollers,
shall be charged with postage by the weight of the
package, at the rate of one cent an ounce or frac-
tion of an ounce, to any place within the United
States.
The third section declares that every person
who shall receive or take any sum of money to
be applied to the payment of postage upon any
letter to be mailed, or to be received from the mail,
and shall, with intent to defraud, omit to apply
and use the money so received or taken for the
payment of such postage; and every person who
shall receive any letter from another to be depos-
ited in any post office, and shall fraudulently omit
to deposit the same in such post office; and every
person who shall take from any post office any
letter addressed to another person for the purpose
of delivering the same to such person, and shall
fraudulently omit to deliver the same; and every
person who shall receive letters of others from the
post office, either fraudulently or by mistake, and
shall omit or neglect to return them immediately
to the post office, or to the person or persons ad-
dressed, shall, upon conviction thereof, he fined
not exceeding $100, or imprisoned not exceeding
one year, or both, in the discretion of the court.
The fourth section declares that the Auditor of
the Treasury for the Post Office Department shall
have charge of all lands and other property which
have been, or shall be, assigned, set off, or con-
veyed to the United States, in payment of debts
due to tho Post Office Department, and of all
trusts created for the use of the said Department
in payment of debts due thereto. And the said
Auditor shall have power, with the consent of the
Postmaster General, to sell, dispose of, and con-
vey, all such lands and other property.
Mr. ENGLISH. I do not propose entering
into any extended debate on this bill; but I de-
sire to say a few words for the purpose of ex-
plaining the bill, and of removing certain false im-
pressions in reference to its provisions. It has
been reported extensively, through the press, that
the object of the first section of the bill was to tax
newspapers passing in exchange between the dif-
ferent newspaper offices. That is not the case at all.
So far from that provision of the bill being inju-
rious to the newspaper publishers of the country, I
will state that the section was based on memorials
sent to Congress by some of the most extensive
newspaper publishers in the country. One of
these memorials was presented and referred to the
