1858.   ^
is totally blind; and eight dollars a month is not
sufficient to provide him the means of livelihood.
The cost to the Government of maintaining him
in the naval asylum is probably twice sixteen dol-
lars a month. He has a wife and four children;
and he believed that if we gave hina sixteen dol-
lars a month, he could perhaps obtain the means
of supporting them, and the asylum be relieved
from his maintenance. I therefore hope the House
will non-concur in the amendment of the Senate,
believing that eight dollars a month, as provided
in the Senate amendment, would not be accepted
by him.
The question was taken; and the House non-
concurred ui the amendment of the Senate.
HOSWELL MINARD, ETC.
House bill (No. 35G) for the relief of Roswell
Minard, father of Theodore Minard, deceased,
with the amendment of the Senate thereto, was
taken from the Speaker's table. 1
The bill of the House is as follows:
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of representatives
of the Unit ad States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Commissmnni of the General Land Otiice shall j^-we to
ItohWt'H Minard, the father of Theodore Minard, deceased,
a wrurant of one hundred and sixty acres oflaiid,in licuot
bountv land warrant No. 31.754, heretofore i*m«d to Thpo-
dorn Mmard, deceased, which warrant, when s-o issued,
shall he in all respects of the same effect as the said war-
lant No. 3-1,754 wou'd have been had it b<>cn issued to said
Ilo&weH Mmaid: PiovideJ, hon-evr, That the said Com-
mi-^ion^r of the General Laud Office shall he satisfied that
paid Roswell Minard is the father of the «aid Tneodoie Min
ard. deeded: that the said Theodore Mmaul died without
leaving a wife or lawful children ; and that the said Theo-
dore Minard never applied or transferred the said bounty
land wan ant No. 34,754.
ri* C. 2. Jlnd he tt further cna^ed, That tne Commissioner
of tho Cpneial Land Office shall he authorised to institute
le^a! pioceedniL's, in such manner as lie may deem picper,
tovacate the patent issued upon said 1;ih mentioned bounty
land warrant, to recover the land embraced in said patent,
for the benefit of the United States, or for such other relief
as he may deem suited to the case, and to cause the peison
or persons sruilty of foiling the assignment of said bounty
land warrant, and all persons criminally connected with ;
paid for^erv, or of utterinz or passing said iorgPda&Msnmem,
to he pio^ocmed for such offense; the lawiul expense of
which luyal proceeding and piosocutions shall Ih> paid tor
hv* the Secr-tarv ot the' Treasury, out ot any moneys m the
Trea?uiy not otherwise appiopnated.
The Senate proposed to amend by striking out
the second section of the bill.
The amendmentof the Senate was concurred in.
LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
An act (H. R. No. 5G5) to confirm the land
the congressional globe.
8
uals: provided, that such confirmation shall only
be construed as a relinquishment of all title and
claim of the United States to any of the lands, and
shall not affect any adverse valid rights, should
such exist.
The amendments of the Senate, which were
read, are as follows:
Strike from the paragraph in reference to the pueblo of
Nambe, the date " 30ih of January, J857,;' and in heu there-
of, inseit " 30th of November, J836."
Strike out the word " Tecolete," and in its place insert
the correct word " Tecolote."
Anil add :
" Also the claim No. 2, of the town of Tom6, reported
upon favorably by the surveyor gcrieial of New Mexico, in
his report of 30th of September, 1856, to ttie Department of
the Interior."
>< Also the claim No 29, of the town of Casa Colorado,
reported upon favorably by the surveyor genera! of Now
Mexico, in his report of 39th December, 16^6, to the De-
partment of the Interior."
claims of certain pueblos and towns m the Terii-
tory of New Mexico, was next tak^n up.
The SPEAKER, stated that the bill had been
returned from the .Senate with certain amend-
mcnts. ...
The bill, which was read in extewn, provides ,
that the pueblo land claims in the Territory of j
New Mexico, designated in the corrected lists as— j
A , pueblo of Jem'es, in the county of Santa Ana; j
B, pueblo of Acoma, in the county ofValencia; O,
pueblo of 8,in Juan, in the county of Rio Anba; ■
b, pueblo of pienns, in the county of faos;, L, i
i me bio of San Felipe, in the county of bt-nwaUo;;
F, pueblo of Pecos, in the county of San iuignel; j
G, pueblo of Cocluli, in the county of Santa Ana; j
II, pueblo of Santa Domingo, m the county ot
.Santa Ana; 1, pueblo of Taos, m the county of ,
Taos; K, riuoblo of Santa Clara, m the county of ,
Itio Ariba'; L, pueblo of Tesuque, in the county
of Santa Fe; M, pueblo of San Ildcfonso, 1:1 the
county of Santa Fe: N, pueblo of Pojuaque, in
the county of Santa Fe; reported upon favorably
bv the surveyor general of New Mexico, m his
renort of September 30, 185G, to the Department
of the liiteiiui; and the claim designated as—0,
pueblo of Zia, in the county of Santa A na; P,
imeblo of Samba, in the county of Bernalillo; U,
pueblo of Islcta, in tho county of Bernalillo; li,
(supposed,) pueblo of Nambe; reported upon
f.uovably by the said Funeyor general, January
30, IS.")?; also the claim No. 7, of tne town of
Tecolete, in the county of San Miguel; ISo. 11,
of the town of Chilih, in the county of Bernalillo,
and No. l.'i. of the town of Eelen, in the county
of Valencia; reported for the favorable action ot
Oon-'ress by the surveyor general, on the 30th or
September, 1857,be confirmed; and that the Com-
missioner of the Land Office should issue the
necessary instructions for the survey of all ot
said claims, as recommended for confirmation by
the surveyor general, and cause a patent to issue
therefor as m ordinary oases to private liidnid-
Mr. SANDIDGE. The reports of the surveyor
general of New Mexico in these cases were re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
They came in such voluminous shape that the
two claims provided for by the Senate amend-
ments were accidentally omitted or overlooked.
The House agreed to the insertion of all the
other pueblos'and towns reported on favorably by
the surveyor general of New Mexico, and 1 pre-
sume that there will be no objection to the Sen-
ate amendments; which provide for nothing be-
yond the addition of the two towns stated, and
the correction of one or two clerical errors.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in.
BRITISH BRIG CALEDONIA.
An act (H. R. No. 218) for the benefit of the
captors of the British brig Caledonia in the war
of 1812, was next taken up.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill had been
returned to the House with amendments.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
'out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay the captors of the British
brig Caledonia, captured 8th of October, 1812,
the sum of $25,000.
The amendments of the Senate are:
stiiko out the wordi " or Icpal representatives," where
tl^ey tii^t occur; sinke out tiic words " legal reiircfcenta-
tive;-,'' wheie they next occur, and m*eit, in lieu thereot,
the woid ■' widow ;"and stnkeout tile woids '• legal icyre-
r-entatives1' whei" thev attenvards occur, and in lieu uieie-
Of insett the word -£ child.'5
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. _ The amendments
of the Senate discriminate against the soldier and
in favor of the officers, and I therefore move that
they be non-concurred in.
Mr. GIDDIXGS. Is there a report accompa-
nying that billJ
'The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes that
there, is.
■ Mr. GIDDINGS. Iamfamilisrwith thatcase.
I recollect very well that tlie Caledonia was a rich
prize, and that her captors made for themselves
fortunes out of K.
: The amendments of the Senate were non-con-
, curred m.
! LOAN BILL.
olntion. Pending that proposition,the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sicki.es] moved that the
joint resolution be recommitted to the Committee-
' of the Whole on the state of the Union;.- Oa-Jthat
the gentleman from New York [Mf. John Cogh^
rane] demanded the previous quesci&n; and that,
is the first question the House wtU hav.e to yofce-
upon, after the pending question to lay fe res--
oiution on the table shaU have beten disposed of.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bil-
IuHiur t, Biugham, Blair-, Bray ton, Buffintou, Buriuigmne,
. Case. Chaffee, Chapman, E/.ra Clark, dawson, Clark B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Comins. Covodf-, Cragi% Curtis, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of fndiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dtirlce, FarnS-
worth, Fenton, Foster, GitHImgs, Gooeli, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, IlarJan, Hickman, Hoard, Hor-
ton, Howard, Hushes, George W. Jones, Keicn, Kelsey,
Iviigore, Knnpp, John C. Kuiikcl, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Millson, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill. Freeman H. Morse,
Mott, Murray, Ohn,"Palmer, Parker, PetUt, Phillips, Pike,
Potter, Poule, Purviance, ilitclne, Robbing, Roberts, Itoycc,
Jolm Sherman, Jnd^on W. Sherman, Spinner", Sunton,
WiMiamSwwait,Tappan,Thayer,Tompkins, Underwood,
Waldron, Walton. Cadwalador C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—90.
NAY.-5—Messrs. Aihaui, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Barks-
dalo, Bishop, Bocock, Bnnham, Bowie, iloyce, Branch,
Burnett, Burns, Cavanaugh, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Coy, James Craig, Crawford, Cuny, Da-
vidson, Davis of MtJ-wssippi, Dewart, Dowdoil, Edmund-
con, En< li?h, Enslis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Gartrell,
Goode. Greenwood, Gre^,Gioepbeck. Lawrence W. Hall,
HariK Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Uuyter, Jack-
son. Jenkins, Jewett, Owen Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Law-
jence, Lculy, McQueen, Mcllae, B.iniuel S. Marshall, Ma-
eon, Maynard, Miles. 31oorc, Edwaid Joy Morris, Isaac
N. Morns, Niblack, John S. Phelps, WiHiam W. Phelps,
Powell, Ready, U^airan, Rioaud, RutRn, Sandidge, Scales,
Seartn?, Iicnrv M. Shaw, Singleton, .Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, Jatne-s A. Stcwait,
Talbot, Geoi^e Taylor, Trippe, Vallandtgham,'Vance,
Ward, Warkins White. Whiteley. Wmslow,WortPndyke.
Augustus R. Wnght, John V. Wright, and ZoHicolicr—93,
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. CURRY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Shorter, was confined to his room by indispo-
sition.
Mr. BRAYTON made a similar stMement in
regard to Mr. Wade.
Mr. PHILLTPS made a similar statement m
regard to Mr. Gillis.
Mr. MONTGOMERYstated thathiscolleagoe,
Mr. Reilly, was detained from the House by
illness in his family.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question be not seconded, what will the next
order be ?
The SPEAKER. There is a Senate bill upon
the Speaker's table, that misht as well be dis-
pose.! of at this time. It is a bill authouziug a
loan not to exceed S13,00!l,000. If there be no
objection, it v.-iil be la,d upon the table.
It was so ordered.
CLAYTON-BULWEH TREATY.
The SPEAKEU. Theie is upon the Speaker's _
table Mouse joint resolution, No. 28, concerning |
the Clavton-'Buhver treaty, which lias been or- |
. dered to lie read a thud time. The pendingqoes- J
' uon is on its passage; on which the previous ,
question has been demanded. It is as follows. ,
' Re<ol I'frf, That the Piesnlont ofthe Uei't-d bo re- 1
1 mn^tcd to tnltn miUi Mens .« may be, m Ins judgment, buft ,
! calculated to elieet a Ppeedy abfogation ot sa«. tieaty. ^
| Mr. RITCHIE moved to Jay the whole suo-
i l'oct upon the table.
I Mr. MILES demanded the yeas and nays.
I Mr. BRANCH. Is it in order to move to re-
' commit to the Committee on foreign Aitaus.
1 Tue SPEAKER. It is not. The state of the
1 queption, at the present time, is this: The joint
i resolution was ordered to be read a third
i and was accordingly read the third time. -I no
! ouestiun was then oil the passage of the joint res-
ier ut;: , ,
The SPEAKER. Then debate will be opened.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The motion to
j commit to the Committee of the Whole on the
1 state of the Union is pending:. It seems to me
1 that that would be the best disposition to make
of the matter.
1 Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to any debate,
i The SPEAKER. Debate is not m orden
i The previous question was seconded; tnere
' being, on a division—ayes 90, noes G4.
The main question was ordered. ^
The question recurred on the motion to commit
to tho CommUtee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and it was agreed to.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was referred to the Committee ot the Whole on
the state of the Union; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. EILLINGPIURST. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill introduced yesterday by the gentleman
from Iowa. [Mr. Curtis.] on the subject of the
; Pacific railroad, was referred to the select cora-
1 mittee raised on that subject at the last session.
1 make this motion for the purpose of having action
i taken on the subject. A committee consisting,
! believe, of fifteen members, was appointed at last
j sessi0n of Congress, and I am informed that that
! committee held various sessions, but came to no
' conclusion, and have reported no resolution and
: no action to the House. 1 do not see that any-
i thin"' has to be gained at this session by reviving
I that committee. The experience of the past does
