1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
Post Office Committee by my colleague over the |
way, [Mr. Colfax,] who is the editor and pub- !
lishcr of a leading newspaper in my State. If it j
be determined to make the Post Office Depart- j
ment self-sustaining, as it was for a long series of ;
years after its establishment, and if the general ;
rule is to prevail, that whatever is carried through ■
the mails should pay the cost of its transports- j
tion, then we may well consider the propriety of j
requiring postage upon newspaperexchangesand >
all other matter carried by the mail; but nothing j
of the kind is contemplated in this bill. !
The object of this first section is, not to tax I
newspaper exchanges at all, not to increase the >
rates of postage, but to induce tho carrying of a !
vast amount of matter through the mail, which is !
now carried outside of it, thus increasing the rev- i
enues of the Department, and operating to the
convenience of news publishers and dealers.
It simply proposes that the dealers in newspa-
pers and periodical® shall receive their papers by
mail, on the same terms that regular subscribers ;
do. I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I indicated j
a purpose to move to lay the motion to reconsider :
upon the table. I have no objection to the first ,
and second sections of the bill, and if the gentle- ;
man from Indiana, before he demands the pre- |
vious question, will permit me to move to strike .
out the third and fourth sections, I will not make j
the motion to lay upon the table. j
Mr. ENGLISH. It is not my purpose to at-
tempt to force the bill through the House. I j
merely want to get it fairly before us, and the
House can then amend, or make whatever dispo-
sition of it they please. Gentlemen may rest I
assured, however, that there are provisions of the ,
bill which ought to be enacted into a law. ;
The second section provides that maps, engrav-
ings, lithographs, or photograph prints,on rollers,
shall be charged with postage by the weight of the ,
package, at the rate of one cent an ounce, or frac- !
tion of an ounce, to any place within'the United
States. At present, that class of matter is ex-
eluded from the mails, and no revenue is derived
from that source. The second section simply au-
thorizes that class of matter to be carried through
the mails; and provides that it shall be assessed
with the usual rate of postage—one centperounce,
and that can be injurious to no class in the com-
munity, and will be beneficial to the Post Office
Department. In reference to the third section, I
will say that it now sometimes happens that per-
sons take out of the post office, through mistake, or j
intentionally, letters not intended for them; and it |
has occurred that letters containingvaluables have
been thus taken from the post office, and the valu-
bles converted to the use of the persons who took
out the letters. And in other cases, letters con-
taining important information, have been taken
out by the wrong persons, and never returned to
the post office or rightful owners. It is believed
that there ought to be further legislation to reach
that class of cases. The object of this section is
to provide for the punishment of those who take
letters by mistake from the post office, and fraud-
ulently fail to return the same; and surely there
ought to be some provision of law to cover cases
of that description. A very important case of the
kind recently occurred at New Orleans; and it
was upon a memorial, very numerously signed,
from that city, that this section was founded.
Mr. M1LLSON. Do 1 understand thegentle^
man from Indiana to say that there is no law to
Eunish a man for appropriating to himself vaiua-
les found in a letter addressed to another5 Are
not the State laws adequate to punish for that of-
fense? I have seen, myself, a trial and convic-
tion for such an offense.
Mr. ENGLISH. There is no United States
law sufficient for the purpose; at least, it is so un-
derstood at the Post Office Department. I have
a letter herefrom the Postmaster General, which,
for the information of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, I will ask to have read as a part of my re-
marks. This section also provides that, where
money shall be given to any individual for the
purpose of paying the postage upon letters, and
the individual shall fraudulently withhold the
money and fail to apply it to thepurpose for which
he received it, he shall be punished. There cer-
tainly ought to be some legislation on that point.
1 am not particularly wedded to the language of
the section as it stands, and am perfectly will-
ing that gentlemen shall have an opportunity of !
amending it. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I see that!
there is a provision in this third section, thatifa !
person shall " omit or neglect" to return a letter j
he may have taken by mistake, immediately to .
the post office, he shall be punished by fine, or
imprisonment, or both. I suggest that the words :
" willfully or fraudulently," ought to be inserted '
before the word "omit."
Mr. ENGLISH. I will state that that is the
object of the section, and I am entirely willing
that it shall be amended in the manner suggested.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the sec-
tion now stands, it provides that any person who,
without fraud, shall take a letter out of the post
office, and fail to return it immediately, shall be
subjected to these penalties.
Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman is mistaken,
I think, as to the effect of the section as it now
stands; but I have no objection to the amend-
ment, because that is the object of the section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
to amend the section by inserting the words "will-
fully or fraudulently."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that it would be better
for the fate of the bill if he would consent to the
striking out of the third section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from New York and to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that the bill is not now be-
fore the House. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Indiana is to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If the House
shall reconsider the vote, then the amendments
will be in order.
Mr. GROW. In order to guide my vote, I de- (
sire to know of the gentleman from Indiana if he ;
will allow a motion to be made to strike out the jj
last section, and to insert the words suggested by :j
my friend from Illinois in the third section, be- ;|
fore he moves the previous question? ij
Mr. ENGLISH. Certainly. All I desire is to ;|
get the bill before the House, and 1 am then will- .!
ing that it shall be so amended as to make it con- 'I
form to the judgment of the House. I now ask
for the reading of the letter from the Post Office
Department, which I send to the Clerk's desk, and ;
which fully explains the objects of the bill. After ;
it has been read, I hope the vote will be taken on '
the motion to reconsider.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Post Office Department, January 24, 1859.
Sir: Youi note of the 23d instant, covering the inclosed
proposed sections of a law, with the request for a report
upon the necessity and expediency of passing sach law, ;
has been received. \\
lu answer, I have to state that the first section is neees- ;j
sarv, in order to enable regular dealers in newspapers and .
periodicals to receive the same in such quantities as they j
may require, at the same rates as regular subscribers to such i
publications, paving the postage on receipt. Tnisiscon- ■
sidered right and proper, for the reasons tuily set forth m ;
the memorial, now before your committee, from the pub* i
hshers of New York. Whetc publications are thus sent
to regular dealers for sale, the sales being greater some ;
weeks than in others, it appears to be reasonable that they !
should be allowed to go at the lowest rates, and in such .
quantities, from week to week, as the dealers may require, i
without their being obliged to pay for a certain number of {
copies by the quarter. Besides, it would seem to be good j
policy to encourage the sending of such in the mails, m- 1
stead of by express. 1
The second section is necessary, to enable the Depart- j
ment to charge by weight of package, including ihe roller .
and wrapper of engraving?, &c. Under the existing law, ,
no charge can be made tor the weight of the wrapper on
printed matter, when sent as such ; hence the Department
has been obliged to prohibit the conveyance of engravings :
on rollers, except at letter rates, notwithstanding parties 1
sending have always been willing to pay at the rate of i
printed matter for the whole weight of the package. j
I have added a third section in accordance with the Lou • ;
: isiana memorial transmitted by you in another letter ot the •
'• 22d instant, and herewith returned, and recommend its ,
; adoption. Tins sccuon also embraces provisions to meet i
: cases of the fraudulent application of moneys received by |
persons to be applied to the payment of postage, ot traudu-
I lent neglect to deposit letters in the post office, or to do-
, liver letters received for others from the post office, all
! which provisions are deemed necessary to perfect the ex-
' isiing law on that subject.
: A fourth section is added, conferring certain powers on
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
The \uditor has, really, charge of all lands and other prop-
erty held bv the United States for the use of this Depart-
ment, and actually disposes of the same; but much incon-
venience and unnecessary labor are occasioned to that
otBcfli in being compelled to furnish the Solicitor of the
Treasury with descriptions of the land sold,and in; request-
ing him to execute deeds therefor, &c. This section is re-
garded as necessary to avoid this inconvenience and conse-
quent delay.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
AARON V. BROWN.
Hon. William H. English, Chairman of the Committee on
the Post Ojjiceand Post Roads, House of Representatives.
Mr. WALRRIDGE. It.was, I believe, upon
my motion that this bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I made that motion with a view of having the
third section of the bill entirely stricken out. I
have no objection to the first, second, and fourth
sections, t believe they ought to become law.
But the penalties provided for in the third section
are wrong, and I believe that the very cases are
already provided for by the common law of the
land. But whether that be so or not, if one per-
son chooses to do an errand for another, ana to
accommodate another by taking a letter to the
post office, and a three-cent piece to pay the post-
age on it, and fails to do it by inadvertence or
forgetfulness, he ought not to be punished for it
in the manner provided in this section. I have
no objection to the vote being reconsidered, if the
gentleman from Indiana will permit me to move
to strike out the third section before he moves the
previous question.*
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to have a memorial
read which has a direct bearing upon the point
referred to by the gentleman from Michigan, and
which I think will satisfy him that there ought to
be further legislation.
The memorial was read, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Represedekives
of the United States in Congress assembled :
The memorial of the undersigned, citizens of the United
States, humbly represents:
That y our memorialists have repeatedly suffered, and are
daily suffering, wrongs, injuries, and losses, from the inad-
equateness of the law provided for letter opening and the
interruption of correspondence. It appears underthelaw,
as it now is, a grievous offense may be committed and no
penalty-be reacted, and such test involving judicial inter-
pretation seems the most assured basis of an appeal for le-
gislative amendment. The following are the words of such
section ; and the same used by Mr. McKeon, in the case
cited below:
<• If any person shall takeany letter or packet, not contain-
ing anv article of value or evidence thereof, out of the post
office,"or shall open any letter, or packet, which shall have
been in a post office or in custody of a mail carrier, before
it shall have been delivered to the person to whom it is di-
rected, with a design to obstruct the correspondence, to pry
into another's business or serrets, or shall secrete, embezzle,
or destrov, any such mail, letter, or packet, such offender,
upon conviction, shall pay lor every such offense a sum not
exceeding §500, and be imprisoned not exceeding twelve
months."5—Extract from Gordon's Digest, Act 3d March,
1825, section twentv-two, act 3,134.
It is seen here that the act of deliberately retaining letters
of others, after having received them from the post office, is
attended with no penalty, and is not amenable to prosecu-
tion. Yet such is no less an offense against the public wel-
fare. and against common morals, than the cases for which
the statute provide*. Proof of malice in obtaining letters
might fail, and the proof of malice supplied by a wrongful
retention fail of conviction. A recent case of unsuccessful
prosecution before the United States circuit court of New
York, supplies the amplest evidence of the urgent needful-
ness of tins reform. It was the case of the Coinmonweatlh
against one James A. Sherman. The accused was a coun-
sellors law. doing business at 187 Greenwich street. The
prosecutor was one Jacob A. Sherman, a merchant of New
Orleans, who, in Aucust, 1856, visited New York for busi-
ness purposes. lie relied upon his correspondence, chiefly
with New Orleans and I'hiladelplua, lor Uie promotion of
his designs. His letters were addressed J. A. Sherman,
New York They were there successively received, paid for,
opened, read, and retained by James A Sherman, during a
period of nearly three months, notwithstanding Mr. J. A.
Sherman, from New Orleans, daily called at the post office
for his letters, and there repeatedly made complaints, as
testified to on the trial by the delivery clerk. Several of the
letters were addressed in a peculiar handwriting, and post-
marked New Orleans. After Mr. James A. Sherman, of
Greenwich street, was arrested, he was partially examined
before a commissioner and dismissed. But this examina-
tion. brought about bv the accused and his friends did not
satisfv the United States district attorney, who had looked
into the case and saw that a most glaring outrage had been
committed with impunity, under circumstances which could
allow of no excuse whatever; and therefore, in accordance
with his dutv. he laid the matter before the grand jury,who,
on a thorough examination, found a true bill of indictment
against him. On the trial of the cause, the accused escaped
conviction of wrongful intent or malice by reason of the in-
adequacy of the statute.
Your memorialists, with a view more fully to impress upon
your honorable body the necessity ot providing a penalty
for the retention of letters or packages taken from the post
office or letter-carrier, though it be in error, beyond a rea-
sonable length of time thereafter, subjoin extracts from
some of the many letters found in the possession of Mr.
James A. Sherman, the accused, who learned from the first
and every succeeding letter which he indiscreetly and pre-
sumptuously opened; that Mr. J. A. Sherman, for whoin
they were intended, was a resident of New Orleans, and
then in the city of New York on business, that many of
these letters were quite lengthy, and disclosed business mat-
ters and family affairs quite improper to be pried into by a
