1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
The question recurring on the passage of the
bills
Mr. PALMER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Anderson, Atkins, Barr, Bliss, Bon-
lmm, Boyce, Blanch, lhayton, Bryan, liumett, Hums,
(Jaskie, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John 13. Clark, dawson,
Clay, Cobb. John Cochrane, Coekerill, Colfax, Corning,
Cox, James Craig, Crawloid, Cuiry, Davidson, Davis of
Indiana, Davi* ot Mi;-ei>sippi, Davis of Iowa, Dowdell, Ed-
mund;-on. };tigh-hJi''an>aUGrth, Faulkner, Florence, Foley,
Garneu, Gartiell. Gillis, Gooeh, Goode, Greenwood, Gro-
vt'r. Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Hoiion, Houston. Hughes, Hurler, Jackson, Jewett, Lamar,
Lawrence. Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, McRae,
Ma-on. MattChon. Miles, Miller, Moore, Mott, Niblack,
Oini. Pendleton. John S. Phelps, William YV\ Phelps, Phil-
lip-, Pottle, Powell. Reagan. Reilly, lluffin, Ru-&ell. Sun-
dulae. Scales. Seou. lienry M. JSiiaw, Sickles. Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stevenson, Talbor, Vdl-
laiidiLrliaui, Vance, Elhhu 13. Washburne, Watkuis, and
Woodson—94
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andiews, Bennett, Bingham,
Llair, Buffinton, Burlingame, Case, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Cicuk B Codmme, Covode, Cuitis, Davis of Marj land,
l)avi> oi Ma?aschusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, D'urlee,
1'id.e, I'Ynton. Foster, Giddins?, Gilmer, Granger, Grow,
Hauan, Harris, Haskin. Ijhcknuui, Hoard.'Hodse^, Hovvaid,
George W. Jones, Kenn. KHsev, Kilgoie. Knapp, Leach,
Leiter, Jjovejoy, Maynard, Moutgomeiy, Morgan, Edward
Joy Moms, Fieenidii II. Moiac, Oliver A. Mor.-e', Murray,
Nichols, Palmer, Parker. Pettu, Pike, Potter, Purviance,
Rtcaud, Robbing Sewaid, Aaron Siiaw, Robert Smith,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Tnppe, L'ndeiwood, Wade, Walbridge, Walton,
Cadualader C. Washburn, Israel Wa&hburn, Wood, John
V. Wrjght am} ZoiheofTer—77.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. HILL stated that he would have voted
against the bill had he been present when his
name was called.
Mr. ADRALX stated that he was called out
upon necessary business*, but that he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
iay the motion to reconsider on the. table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSOX, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, stated that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled the following bills
and joint resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 2) donating public lands to
the several States which may provide colleges,
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts;
An act (H. R. No. 522) for the relief of Wright
Fore;
An act (H. R. No. 669) for the relief of the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to sella certain plat
of land in the city of Petersburg, Virginia, be-
longing to the United States; and
An act (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Eve-
lina Porter, widow of the late Commodore David
Porter, of the United States Navy;- when the
Speaker signed the same.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On the 25th of East month a bill was re- j
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and ,
Post Roads to abolish the franking privilege and j
for other purposes. That bill was referred to the :
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union i
and ordered to be printed, and a motion to rccon- ,
aider the vote by which the bill was referred, was ,
entered. I now call up that motion to reconsider,
for the purpose of having this matter finally dis- 1
posed of.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman ;
from Indiana has disposed of one of his motions :
to reconsider, and as I am very anxious to go into 1
the Committee of the Whole on the-state of the j
Union upon appropriation bills, 1 hope he will not i
pass to other matter to-day. !
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the motion to :
reconsider upon the table. :
Mr. ENGLISH. Very well; let us take a test
vote upon that motion.
Mr McCiUEEN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD withdrew the motion.
Mr. KiLGOUE renewed it.
Mr. McGtUEEN demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Crnittd Stute* of vlmciiciiin Congress assemblpd1 That
the first, tixth, seventh, arnf eighth sections of the "Act to
reduce the rates of pontage, to limit the use and correct the
abuse of the iranking privilege, and for the prevention of
fraud-s on the revenues of the Pos-t Office Department,"
apptoveri Match 3, 1843, and the third, ibuith, and fifth
sections of the act to amend the act aloresaid, approved
March 1,1851, and all oilier acts and parte of acts granting
and conierring upon any person whomsoever the right or
privilege to receive or transmit through the mails of the
Cm ted States, free ot postage, letters, packets, newr-papers,
periodicals, book->, oi any other mailable matter, printed or
written, be, and the same are hereby, abrogated and re-
pealed: Proiided, nevertheless, That nothing in this act
contained shall be construed to repeal the laws heretofore
enacted granting the flunking privilege to the President of
the Umted States when in office, to all ex-Presidente, and
to the widows of founei Presidents.
Sec. 2. ~Jnd he it f anker enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the gpcreuuy of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Repiesentative^j reflectively, to piocure from
the postmaster of Wa'-hm^ton. District ot Columbia, and
furnish each Senator. and each Member and Delegate of
the Hou-fc of Repie&entanvfcg. at the commencement of
each regular session, §100 m postage stamps, to be paid for
out of the contingent funds ot the two Houses of Congress.
£$lc- 3. Jind be it farther cnactc /, That all letter*-, pack-
ets, newspapers, peiiodieais, public documents, and books
printed by order of either House ot Congiess.and ah otiier
mailable matter, shall be prepaid by postage stamps or
stamped envelopes before their delivery at any post office
for tiansmisMon in the mails; and all letters, packets, and
all other mailable matter, whether punted or written, di-
rected to any member of either House of Congress, or to
the Secretary of the Senate, or Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, shall be prepaid at the mailing office.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That ail letters, pack-
ets, and mailable matter sent from, or directed to, any of
the Executive Depaitments, bureaus, or public offices, or
officers, civil or military, at the seat of the Geneial Gov-
ernment, except the Post Office Department and the office
of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
ment, shall he prepaid by postage stamps or stamped en-
velopes before delivery at the mailing office.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted. That the Postmaster
General, the Assistant Postmasters General, the chief clerk
of the Post Office Department, {he Auditor oi the Treasury
for the Post Office Department, and the chief clerk of the said
Audiior be, and they are hereby, authorized to receive,
and send fiee m the mails, all letters and packet*, and other
mailable matter, relating exclusively to their official duties,
or to the business of the Post Office Depaument; and
they shall, m eveiy case, indorse every letter or package so
to be sent tree, over their own signatures, the words •* offi-
cial business.55 And the several postmasters shall be, and
they are hereby, authorized to s-end thiough the mail, fiee
of postage, all letters ami packages which it shall be their
duty to transmit, and winch shall relate exclusively to the
business of their respective offices, or to the business of the
Post Office Department 5 but, in every ca*e, the postmaster
sending any pueh letter or package shall indorse thereon,
over his own signature, the words post office business."
And for any and every such indorsement falsely made, the
person making the same shall forfeit and pay §300: Pro-
vided, however, That each postmaster whose compensation
for the last preceding fiscal year did not exceed $200, may
send through the mail all letters written by himself,and le-
ceivc through the mail any written communications ad-
dressedto himself on his private business, not exceeding
halfan ounce 111 weight free of postage.
Sec*. 6. Jind he it f wither enacted■, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to payor refund quarterly,
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to each of the Executive Departments, bureaus, and
offices at the seat ot Government, exeept the Post Office
Department and the office of the Auditor for said depart-
ment, such amounts as the proper accounting officers of
the Trea^uiy shall audit and allow as having been ex-
pended for the purchase of postage stamps and stamped
envelopes u ed or to be used for the prepayment of the post-
age on letters, packets, and mailable matter sent from their
respective offices on official business. And if the contin-
gent fund of any Executive Department, bureau, or office,
with the exceptions atoiesaid, shall be insufficient, after
defraying other expenses, to purchase the postage stamps
lequiied'for the use of such Department, bureau, or office,
then, and not otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury may,
upon the lequisition of the chief officer thereof, advance
such sum as shall not exceed the estimated amount of the
postages to he paid by such office in any one quarter, to be
accounted for as other public moneys.
Sec. 7. Jind be it farther caacted, That the eighteenth
section of the " Act to reduce the rates of pottage,11' &c.,
appioved March 1845, shall be so construed astopiohibit
the Postmaster General from making contiacts for the
tiansportation of the mail with any view to the transporta-
tion of pa^engpr*, and to restrict him 111 making such con-
tracts to the acceptance of such bids only as shaft provide
for the conveyance of the mails.
?ec. 8. Jind be it further enacted,That this act shall take
effect fiom and after the 1st day of July, 1*59.
Mr. STANTON", If the gent email from In-
diana will submit a motion to strike out the fifth
section, I will aid him in getting this bill through
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will say to the House, as
the gentleman from Missouri is desirous of dis-
posing of the appropriation bills as rapidly as
possible, that if they will postpone action upon
this bill until next Tuesday, and make it a special
order for that day, [cries of " No!" " No !"] I
will withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a point of order. I
would inquire of the Chair if this bill must not.
necessarily go to the Committee of the "Whole,on
the state of the Union, because the sixth section
makes an appropriation ?
Mr. ENGLISH. I propose to withdraw my
motion to reconsider, and ask the House to set
apart Tuesday next, for the consideration of the
bill in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot with-
draw his motion except by unanimous Consent.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from Indiana what effect,
the passage o ' this bill will have upon the rates
of postage upon letters, and whether it would not
revive the old law requiring the payment of live
cents ?
Mr. ENGLISH. It will not increase the rates
of postage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Phillips] has raised the question
of order tuat the sixth section makes an appropri-
ation, and consequently that, under the rules, the
bill must be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, unless unani-
mous consent be given that it may be considered
in the House. The Chair sustains the point of
order, and decides that the sixth section does
make such an appropriation as requires a bill to
be considered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I hope unaninfbus
consent will be given to consider it in the House.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. %VelI, I give notice that,
whenever we are in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and in every other way, I
shall use every exertion to get action upon this
bill.
The SPEAKER.. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kil-
coue,] to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble.
Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do it
except by unanimous consent; and the Chair
hears objections from both sides of the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope the House will giva
its unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Inasmuch as
by the ruling of the Chair the bill must be first
considered in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I ask if anything can be gamed
by laying the motion to reconsider on the table?
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to call the attention
of my colleague, who reported this bill, [Mr.
English,] to the fact that the third section of this
bill, requiring all newspapers to be prepaid before
their delivery at any post office for transmission
in the mails, would require every newspaper pub-
lisher in ihis country to prepay the postage on
his entire circulation. It would ruin half the pa-
pers in the country; and has never been asked or
desired by any one.
Mr. ENGLISH. That is not the object of the
bill. It is to abolish the franking privilege, and
restrict the Postmaster General to the acceptance
of star bids only for carrying the mails; and, if
not clear in language, it can be amended so as to
cover the greatobjects in view. I do not propose
cutting off amendments, and am not wedded to the
precise language of the bill, but am decidedly in
favor of carrying out the great objects which it
was designed to reach, and to which I have re-
ferred, to wit: the abolishing of the franking
privilege, and restricting contracts to carrying
the mails without reference to passengers or
freight.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As this bill must
go to the Comtmttee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, I move that the rules be suspended,
and tiny, the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the Speaker to
have decided that the bill contained an appropria-
tion; and that, necessarily, it must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It must be first considered
there, except by unanimous consent, and objec-
tion is made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the bill, then, is
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of (he
Union now.
