1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
captors of the British brig Caledonia, in the war of 1812
and to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. K. No.
386) " for the relief of Jolin Duncan."
Mr. HALE. I wish to make a single sugges-
tion in regard to these bills. It seems that the
House have acted under a misapprehension of
the 21st joint rule as we have. It was so suggest-
ed to me by a member of the House, and it turns
out that these bills were improperly before them.
I think the better way would be to lay them all
on the table for the present, until some further
action can be had upon them.
The bills were ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Charles
Abert, an attorney-at-law, praying to be allowed
the balance of his fees for professional services in
connection with the Washington aqueduct, re-
jected by Captain Meigs on the settlement of his
accounts; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of D. G. Farra-
gnt, a captain in the Navy, praying to be allowed
the amount of compensation estimated by the
Navy Departmentfor the commandant of the Cal-
ifornia navy-yard, during the time he was in com-
mand; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of D. G. Farra-
gut, a in the Navy, praying to be allowed
an amount paid by him to two masters' mates en-
listed by him, under authority of the Navy De-
partment, which was rejected on the settlement of
his accounts; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JONES presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from McGregor to St. Charles, in Floyd
county, in that State; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial of the Legis-
'ature of Minnesota, praying for an appropriation
or the improvement of the Mississippi river,
rom the mouth of the Minnesota river to Sauk
Rapids; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying for an appropriation
tor the improvement of the Mississippi river at
Eeef Slough bar; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of the St. Croix river; which
was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying an amendment of an
act granting lands to that State for railroad pur-
poses; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, praying for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Winona
via La Crescent and Brownsville, to the point of
junction with the Milwaukee and Mississippi
road, at the southwestern boundary line of the
State; which was ordered to lie on the table
He also presented amemorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, praying a grant of land to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the confluence
of the southern branch of Root river to Sioux
Falls City; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, praying that grants of land may
be made for the establishment of agricultural
colleges in that and other States, and that a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres ot land may
be granted to actual settlers; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying for a grant of land to
aid in the construction "of the Niniiiiiger, St. Pe-
ters and Western railroad; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota for an appropriation to com-
plete the Mendota and Rig Sioux river military
road; also, for an appropriation to aid in the con-
struction of a wagon road from some point on
Lake Superior, in Minnesota, to the South Pass
in the Rocky Mountains; which were ordered to
he on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying for an appropriation
to complete thePointDougias and St. Louis river
military road; which was ordered to lie on the
table. .
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota for an appropriation to defray
the expenses of expeditions against hostile In-,
dians in the Territory of Minnesota; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, in relation to certain appro-
priations made by Congress for the Territory of
Minnesota; which-was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying that appropriations
may be made to indemnify the State of Minne-
sota for certain expenditures on account of debts
incurred in its territorial condition; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented nineteen memorials praying
for the establishment of certain mail routes;
| which were ordered to lie on the table.
| He also presented a joint resolution of the Le-
gislature of Minnesota in favor of an overland
| route from the Mississippi river to the Pacific
i ocean; which was ordered to lie on the table.
| He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
i ture of Minnesota relative to the Sioux and Win-
nebago reservations; which was ordered to he on
the table.
He also presented joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Minnesota praying for the early es-
tablishment of a mail route, and tri-weekly mail
I from Chatfield, in Fillmore county, to Winne-
| bago city, in Fambault county, via High For-
est, Brownsville, Lansing, Moscow, Sumner,and
Bancroft. Also, a mail route and weekly mail
from Owatonna to Vernon, in Blue Earth county,
via Meriden and Wilton; also, for a mail route and
weekly mail from Hastings, in Dakota county , to
Saint Peters, in Nicollet county, via Lakeville,
Wheatland, and Lexington; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of certain railroads therein
named; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That J. M. Gilbert have leave to withdraw lis
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That John Good have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. RICE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill for the erection of a building at St. Paul,
for a public depository, custom-house, post office,
court-rooms, and other United States offices;
A bill for an overland mail from St. Paul to
Puget Sound;
A bill for an appropriation for a wagon road
from Fort Abercrombie via Fort Union, to the
Pacific; and
A bill making an appropriation to defray the
expenses of Captain Starkey's company of vol-
unteers, called into service by Governor Medary,
Governor of the late Territory of Minnesota.
! *Mr. IVERSON gave notice of his intention to
| ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish the frank-
j ing privilege of members of Congress, and sub-
! stitute a commutation in money for the franking
| privilege and for stationery.
| ASSISTANT DOORKEEPER.
! Pursuant to the resolution adopted on Tuesday
! last, the Senate proceeded to the election of an
! assistant doorkeeper, in the place of Mr. Isaac
| Holland, deceased.
| The whole number of votes given was 47; ne-
1 cessary to a choice, 54; of which—
■ Mr. C. rt. Jones reeoived  31
Mi. Lewis Clepliane 
Mr.    J
Mr. Nelson  1
Mr. Jones having received a majority of all the
votes given, was declared dulv elected.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate then
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 9, 185S.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of Tuesday last was read and ap-
proved.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER, announced flse following as the
standing committees of the House for the present
session:
Committee of Elections—William W, Boyce of
South Carolina, John W. Stevenson ofKenlucky,
Israel Washburn of Maine, Lucius Gfc. C. J-iamar
of Mississippi, Ezra Clark, jr., of Connecticut,
John A. Gilmer of North Carolina, John V.
Wright of Tennessee, James Wilson of Indiana,
and James M. Cavanangh of Minnesota-.
Of Ways and Means—John S. Phelps of Mis-
souri, John Letcher of Virginia, H. Winter Davis
of Maryland, James F. Dowdell of Alabama,
William A. Howard of Michigan, Martin J.
Craivford of Georgia, Justin S. Morrill of Ver-
mont, William B. Maclay of New York, and
Henry M. Phillips of Pennsylvania.
Of Claims—Samuel S. Marshalhoflllinois, Miles
Taylor of Louisiana, John C. Kunkel of Penn-
sylvania, Thomas G. Davidson of Louisiana,
Henry C. Goodwin of New York, Sydenham
Moore of Alabama, Samuel Arnold of Connecti-
cut, Horace Maynard of Tennessee, and James
Jackson of Georgia.
On Commerce—John Cochrane of New York,
John S. Millson of Virginia, EUihu B. Wash-
burne of Illinois, W. Porcher Miles of South Car-
olina, Edward Wade of Ohio, James A. Stall-
worth of Alabama, George Eustis of Louisiana,
James Landy of Pennsylvania, and Linus B.
Comins of Massachusetts.
On Public Lands—Williamson R. W. Cobb of
Alabama, John McQueen of South Carolina,
Henry Bennett of New York, John G. Davis of
Indiana,ThomasRuffin of North Carolina, Joshua
Hill of Georgia, Wiiliam Montgomery of Penn-
sylvania, Joseph C. McKibbin of California, and
Muscoe R. H. Garnett of Virginia.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—William H.
English of Indrana, Paulus Powell of Virginia,
John M. Wood of Maine, Charles L. Scott of
California, Valentine B. Horton of Ohio, Timo-
thy Davis of Iowa, James Craig, of Missouri,
Reuben Davis of Mississippi, and John D. C. At-
kins of Tennessee.
For the District of Columbia—William 0. Goode
of. Virginia, Thomas F. Bowie of Maryland, Ed-
ward Dodd of New York, Henry C. Burnett of
Kentucky, Edward Joy Morris of Pennsylvania,
Augustus R. Wright of Georgia, Sidney Dean
of Connecticut, Alfred M. Scales of North Caro-
lina, and Elijah Ward of New York.
On the Judiciary—George S. Houston of Ala-
bama, John S. Caskie of Virginia, Mason W.
Tappan of New Hampshire, Burton Craige of
North Carolina, Charles Billinghurst of Wiscon-
sin, Miles Taylor of Louisiana, Charles Ready
of Tennessee, Henry Chapman of Pennsylvania,
and Horace F. Clark of New York.
On Revolutionary Claims—Samuel S. Cox of
Ohio, George Taylor of New York, Isaiah D.
dawson of New Jersey, Aaron H. Cragin i>f
New Hampshire, James Jackson of Georgia,
Owen Lovejoy of Illinois, Tkbez L. M.Curry of
Alabama, Henry L. Dawes of Massachusetts,
and Zebulon B. Vance of North Carolina.
On Public Expenditures—John M. Elliott of
Kentucky, Henry A. Edmundson of Virginia,
John Covode of Pennsylvania, Jaeob R. Wor-
tendyke of New Jersey, John M. Parker of New
York, Joseph R. Cockenll of Ohio, William
Kellogg of Illinois, James M. Gregg of Indiana,
and E. P. Walton of Vermont.
! On Private Land Claims—John M. Sandidgc of
i Louisiana, Joseph C. McKibbin of California,
Aaron Harlan of Ohio, William T. Avery of Ten-
■ nessee, Cadwalader C.Washburn ot Wisconsin,
■ Francis P. Blair of Missouri, George S. Hawkins
of Florida, Reuben E. Fenjon of New York, and
Charles J. Gilman of Maine.
i On Manufactures—William D. Bishop ofCon-
' necticut, AibertG. Watkms of Tennessee, Phile-
i mon Bliss of Ohio, Sherrard Clemens of Virginia,
' Nathaniel B. Durfee of Rhode Island, John A.
Ah! of Pennsylvania, James B. Ricaud ofMary-
i land, Hemv M. Shaw of North Carolina, and
Stephen C. Foster of Maine.
On Agriculture—William G. Whiteley of Del-
aware, Lawrence "W. Hall of Ohio, "Willia.ni II.
: Kelsey of New York, John Huyler of New Jer-
! sey, Richard Mott of Ohio, James B. Foley of
i Indiana, James L. Gillis of Pennsylvania, Robert
! p. Trippe of Georgia, and William H. Keim of
! Pennsylvania.
I On Indian JJffairs—Alfred B. Greenwood of
