1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Kilgore,
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we should reconsider the
Tote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
the bill were then brought before the House,
would not the Chair rule that the bill containing
an appropriation must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That would be the ruling of
the Chair.
. Mr. HOUSTON. Then, as the bill is in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it had better remain there, for by bringing it into
the House nothing will be gained.
Mr. ENGLISH. Will it not be in order to
move a suspension of the rules, on Monday next,
to discharge the committee and bring the bill into
the House?  
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I give notice that I
will make that motion, if I get the floor.
The SPEAKER. To prevent all misconcep-
tion, the Chair now decides that the bill have its
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, because of an appropri-
ation made by the sixth section, which is as fol-
lows:
<{ Sec. 6. dnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay or refund quai-
terly^ oat of any money in the Treasury not othervvj?e ap-
propriated, to each of the Executive Departments, bureaus,
and offices at the seat of the Government, except the Pobt
Office Department and the officc of the Auditor for said
Department, such amounts as theproper accountingolliecrs
of the Treasury shall audit and allow as having been ex-
pended for the purchase of postage stamps and stamped en-
velopes used or to he used lor the piepavment of the post-
age on letters, packc^s, and mailable matter sent from their
respective offices on official business. And if the contin-
gent fund of any Executive Department, bateau, or officc,
with the exceptions aforesaid, shall be insufficient, alter de-
fraying other expenses, to purchase the postage stamps ic-
quired for the use of such Department, bureau, or office,
then, and not otherwise, the Seeretaiy of the Tre;u-uiy may,
upon the requisition of the chief officer thereof, advance
such sum as shall not exceed the estimated amount of the
postages to he paid by such office m any one quarter, to be
accounted for as other public moneys."
Mr. COBB demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays, but subsequently withdrew the call.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for tellers on theyeas
and nays, unless objection is withdrawn to my
withdrawal of the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Objection is still insisted on.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I thought it was withdrawn.
Mr. HICKMAN. I make objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If we get the bill
into the House, cannot we move to strike out that
sixth section ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has indicated tlrat
the bill must have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and amendments will not be in order if the bill be
brought into the House on the motion to recon-
sider.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business, which is the call of committees for re-
ports.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask leave to introduce
the bill of which I gave notice yesterday.
Mr. GROW. I insist on my call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The House was divided; and on the motion to
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, there were—ayes one hun-
dred and twenty-two.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for a count on the other
side.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twenty-
two is a majority of the House, and the motion is
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union (Mr. John Cochrane
in the chair.)
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 667) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1860.
Mr. SEWARD. Plow does that bill stand
upon the Calendar? Is it the first bill?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I make the mo-
tion that it be taken up.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to know
whether, under the rules, the appropriation bills
are not entitled to priority?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is right;
but it is obligatory, objection being made, that
the question shall be put on the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will move that
the committee rise, with a view to go into the
House and limit the general debate upon this bill.
There are several appropriation bills still pend-
ing: there are the Navy appropriation bill, the
miscellaneous appropriation bill, the fortification
appropriation bill, the Post Office appropriation
bill, and the mail steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order,
that the motion that the committee rise is not de-
batable. I object to debate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will withdraw
the motion for the time being, and then I may
indulge in general debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has given notice of that motion; and he is
now entitled to one hour, in which to open the
debate on this bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. When the gen-
tleman interrupted me, I was desirous of calling
the attention of the committee to the condition of
the public business, and especially to the bills
on which it is necessary for us to act at this ses-
sion of Congress. I have referred to several ap-
propriation bills which have not yet been con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union. I will here remark that two
appropriation bills are still pending in the Sen-
ate, and have not yet been returned to us with the
amendments they may deem proper. From these
facts it will become necessary to limit general de-
bate on these appropriation bills at an earlier
period than I would have otherwise desired. I
propose that we go into the House for the pur-
pose of moving that general debate be closed on
this bill to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. GROW. I hope the committee will not
rise.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. John Cochrane reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 667, making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1860;
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. But, first, I submit the usual res-
olution to close debate on the Army appropri-
ation bill to-morrow, at one o'clock; and on that
I demand the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to insert to-morrow
at four o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri was on the floor, and moved the previous
question.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I want to know how
long the gentleman is entitled to retain the floor
after he closes his remarks?
The SPEAKER. When such a case arises,
the Chair will decide upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no doubttheChairwill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to withdraw the call for the
previous question, and allow me to propose an
amendment to terminate debate to-day at three
o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Iam willing that
the House should decide between the two prop-
ositions. I withdraw the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee Then I move to
strike out the words " to-morrow at one o'clock,"
and insert the words " to-day at three o'clock;"
and on that I call for the previous queetion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered;and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to, and the resolution,
as amended, was adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
bill 
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. I was detained from my seat
by sickness when the Committee on Territories
was called for reports-yesterday. I ask leave now
to present a report which will give rise to no de-
bate, and will consume no time.
Mr. SEWARD. I must object, so long as I am
denied the floor.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri; and it was agreed to.
So the House again resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on- the state of the Union,
(Mr. John Cochrane in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriation
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 18G0.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
thefirst reading of the bill will be dispensed with.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
The bill was read a first time.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Chairman,
tHe gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett]
made an address to the House a few days ago,
which I propose to-day to examine and review.
Pie set out with the declaration that Mr. Calhoun
had said that all countries were divided into two
classes, the tax-payers and the tax-consumers;
and he announced that he arrayed himself on tho
side of the tax-payers; very natural, because I be-
lieve that is the strong side of the question. But I
am not certain that Mr. Calhoun or the gentleman
is right, especially in regard to its application to
this Government. Who are the tax-payers of this
country ? The people who consume the taxes; the
people, through their agents, of whom the gentle-
men from Virginia is one. The taxes are paid by
the people for their own benefit; for the purpose
of sustaining this Government; for the purpose of
defraying the expenses incident to the machinery
of Government. Taxes are not paid here as they
are paid in monarchies, and in countries where tho
Government is not republican; consequently the
distinction drawn by the gentleman is incorrect, so
far as our people and Government are concerned.
The gentleman himself is a tax-payer, and is also
a tax-consumer; and I regard as improper the ef-
fort made by him on this floor to array one por-
tion of the people against another. That gentle-
man pays his share of taxes for the support of
the Government, and he consumes his proper por-
tion of the taxes also.
However, that is not the subject to which I
desire to call the attention of the committee to-
day. I desire to call its attention to the charges
preferred by the gentleman from Virginia, either
directly or by innuendo, against the extravagance
of the Democratic Administration. He takes the
year 1852-53, on which to predicate the charge of
extravagance. He says that in 1852-53, the expend-
itures of the Government were only $43,544,262.
That was the last year of Mr. Fillmore's admin-
istration. Why the gentleman should have se-
lected that year to contrast with the expenditures
of 1857-58, under a Democratic Administration—
himself beinga Democrat—I am unable to determ-
ine. I ask whether—even if the test he presents
were a true test—he does justice to his own party,
and whether he does not do more than justice to
the Opposition party?
Now, the error committed by the gentleman,
and which is calculated to mislead the public
mind in reference to this charge, was the allega-
tion of the fact that the territory embraced within
the limits of the United States is identically the
same as it was in 1852; with the exception of tho
Gadsden purchase, which has been added since
that time ? Now, sir, how does it stand ? It is
true that there has been no acquisition of territory
except that to which the gentleman has referred;
but I ask you if that is the criterion by which you
are to determine whether our territory costs us
more now than it did in 1852? Why, sir, in
