1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18
friend with pleasure, that I have not had time to
give the case that careful examination which its
importance seemed to require; but I have exam-
ined it sufficiently, and I believe a majority of the
House has examined it sufficiently, to take up the
case at once, with the understanding that in the
course of the debate, we may be able to come to
a comprehensive and proper conclusion. I do not
pretend to say that the House is now prepared to
decide; but I believe that we may most expedi-
tiously come to that decision by taking up this
case at the present time. The point I make is not
that I object to the postponement because the par-
ties are in readiness, but that I object to the post-
ponement because the most properand expeditious
method of arriving at a proper conclusion is by
taking up the case at this present point. What
will be the effect of postponing this case until
next week? Gentlemen will come here on the
day to which it is postponed in precisely the same
state of preparation in which they are now; and
they will listen to the arguments with the same
information; they will listen to the discussion
with the same conviction with which they will
listen now, if the argument and discussion are to
proceed at this time. If gentlemen, with the
documents in their possession, could not and did
nwt examine the case during the recess of several
months, I ask what hope there is that during the
seven days to intervene between this day and the
day of the proposed postponement, when mem-
bers have before them all the business to be con-
sidered and acted upon during this short session,
that members will take it up and investigate it
more diligently? It seems to me that simple jus-
tice towards the party accused and the party most
concerned, as well as a due regard for the dignity
and interests of the country, which are in some
degree involved, even by the mooting of a ques-
tion of impeachment of a high judicial function-
ary, requires that we should now proceed to con-
sider the case at the time to which, with due de-
liberation at the last session, we agreed it should
be postponed.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Spe'aker, I do not rise
for the purpose of specifically resisting the prop-
osition which has boon made to continue this case
until Thursday of next week; for I am willing
that the House should coasult its own disposition
on the subject. So far as I am personally con-
cerned, I am ready to proceed with the discussion
at once; but if it be deemed necessary to the con-
venience of members, and a fair and full examin-
ation of the case on their part, that there should
be a postponement until Thursday next, I have
no desire to throw obstacles in the way of such
postponement. I rise, Mr. Speaker, particularly
for the purpose of invoking the attention of the
members of this House to the fullest investiga-
tion of this case. It is one of such magnitude and
importance as to demand from them, I think, their
closest and most serious consideration. It de-
mands their attention as well from a necessity to
settle the manner of proceeding in cases of im-
peachment, as a regard for the interests of, not
Texas alone, but of ail the States of the Union.
"VVhat more serious and important subject can
attract our attention than the purity and dignity
of the national judiciary ? Therefore, if it be de-
termined that the case shall not be taken up this
morning, but that, on the contrary, it shall be
postponed for a few days, I ask members to be-
stow some attention upon it in the interim; for it
is one of a magnitude unequaled by any case of
impeachment ever presented for the action of this
Congress, or ever presented for the action of the
Parliament of England, if we except only the great
East India case of Warren Hastings. 1 trust that
the case will not be permitted to be delayed by
postponements fiom day to day; but, on the con-
trary, that when it is taken up, it will be pushed
to a decision one way or the other. Efforts to
bring this judge to trial have been made in two
precedin" Congresses. Memorials were presented
at the beginning of this Congress, and an investi-
gation was ordered by the House, and repoi ts ai e
now before us from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. We are told by the distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,J that a vol-
ume of evidence and papers in the case have been
printed filling some fourteen hundred pages. I he
facts involved are before the House. I doubt not
that the present postponement is asked form good
faith, and not for the purpose of delay, but to af-
ford an opportunity for an examination of the
documents in the case,and I do not, I repeat, ob-
ject to it; but I do ask the House to resist any
further delay-
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to consume the time of the House at any
great length, but only to give the reasons why I
shall vote in favor of the postponement. We are
told by gentlemen of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, honorable gentlemen, and on their personal
responsibility, gentlemen to whom we have a right
to look, and to whom we shall look, for an expo-
sition of the facts connected with this case, that
they desire time to prepare for a proper presenta-
tion of the facts to the House. They state that,
as a matter of fact, they desire a postponement of
the discussion, in order to give themselves, and
any others who may wish to participate in the
debate, time. Speaking for themselves alone, it
is a request that it seems to me it would be entirely
ungracious to deny; and when, in that view of the
case, without stopping to inquire whether they
have been negligent or prompt in preparation;
without stopping to inquire whether they might
have done things which they say they have not
done; without stopping to inquire whether they
might, by the use of due diligence, have bjfeen pre-
pared or not, they tell us, as a matter of fact, that
they are not prepared, I think it is due to them,
and due to ourselves, to give them the postpone-
ment of one week which they ask; and I shall
accordingly vote for it.
Mr. SHORTER. I was not present in the Hall
when the motion was made for postponement;
but I understand that it was moved by the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Ready] that the fur-
ther consideration of this case be postponed until
this day week. I hope that Tuesday week will
be substituted for next Thursday, for the reason
that Friday of next week is assigned for the con-
sideration of a claim in which citizens of Georgia
and Alabama are interested, and that, as this case
will consume more than one day, that special order
will, practically, be superseded. I am in favor of
postponement, and will vote for it, but I ask that
Tuesday week, instead of Thursday of next week,
be fixed as the day.
Mr. READY. I have no special preference
for Thursday, or for any other day. My only
desire is to give the House sufficient time to look
into the testimony, which is very voluminous,
and to understand thiscase. If it be the pleasure
of the House to postpone it a few days longer
than I have asked, I have no objection; nor am
I disposed to say that I would object to even a
shorter time. I simply wish the House to have
an opportunity to understand this subject, which,
I agree with the honorable gentleman from Texas,
is one of vast magnitude to the individual against
whom the charges are preferred, as well as to the
country; and therefore I think the subject ought
not to be acted on without a full understanding of
it by the House.
By the gentleman's permission, I will say fur-
ther, by way of explanation, that the testimony
in this case perhaps embraces upwards of a thou-
sand pages; and the depositions alone, which
were taken by the committee at the last ses-
sion, cover nearly five hundred pages. There
is a large amount of record evidence, besides the
depositions that were taken, swelling the whole
volume to more than a thousand pages. It would
be utterly impossible, in the course of an ar-
gument of an hour, to analyze and collate this
immense mass of testimony so as to make it
intelligible to any gentleman who has not taken
the time to read ilfur him-self; and I have under-
stood from various gentlemen,even since 1 made
the motion, that they have never looked into any
portion of the testimony, and are therefore totally
unprepared to vote in the matter. I think, there-
fore, that there is great propriety ill a postpone-
1 ment of this casefbut I beg to assure my friend
from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] that I make this
motion in good faith, and not for the purpose^of
defeating the speedy action of this House. If it
comports with the views of the House to fix any
other day than that which I first designated, i
have no objection.
Mr. SHORTER. Mr. Speaker, I had occa-
sion, during the last session, to examine this case
somewhat, and was then satisfied that it would
require several days before the House could dis-
pose of it. For that reason I suggested to the
gentleman from Tennessee that, if this case he
postponed for one week from to-day, it -Svoakl
interfere with the special order for.Friday of next
week. I am not disposed to defeat the investiga-
tion of this case, because I think the charge
against Judge Watrous is agrave and serfo s;on©;
But I wish also to do justice to those parties ,who
are interested in the Alabama and Georgia claims;
and, if we substitute next Tuesday instead of
next Thursday, I think it will be satisfactory to
all parties who are in favor of postponement. If
next Thursday is to be selected, I prefe togo on
now with the investigation of this, case, rather
than to have it interfere with the special order of
next week. I hope the gentleman from Tennes-
see will accept that amendment, and substitute
next Tuesday week instead of next Thursday.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I am surprised thatithis
proposition to postpone the hearing of this case
to another day has been made, because any one
who is familiar with the case, and has a knowl-
edge of the length of time that it required-the
Committee on the Judiciary to investigate it,
must be satisfied that, if it be postponed in this
House from day to day, although it may be finally
determined to irrfpeach Judge Watrous, there will
be no time for the Senate to make a thorough in-
vestigation of the case. It will be recollected that
it was on my motion, before the adjournment of
last session, that this case was postponed till 1,0-
day; and I made that motion then for precisely
the same reasons that have now been assigned by
the gentleman from Tennessee. I understood him
to say that, notwithstanding he was almost dili-
gent and industrious member of that committee,
present throughout the whole investigation, he
has not had an opportunity fully to investigate it.
He has had the same opportunity which the other
members of the committee have had. He has had
j the whole of t.'se last session toconsiderit,and has
I had the whole of the interval; and I am sure that
i if he shall ever be prepared to decide this case,
that preparation will be consequent on such dis-
cussion as may grow out of the case on its being
taken up
Why should we postpone the consideration of
the case for an hour ? This time was deliberately
assigned at the last session. The notice was then
given that the opportunity should be embraced
to investigate the case. Who knows whether,
on the day proposed to be fixed for the consider-
ation of the case, another proposition might not
be made fur further postponement; and thus the
matter be dragged along in this Hall until it shall
be out of the question to have Judge Watrous tried
before the Senate, and until thus the same fate
; which the other investigations have met shall be-
| fall this also ? It strikes me that there can be no
i objection to the opening of the discussion in this
I case, and then, if afterwards there shall be any
i actual necessity for a postponement for a few
! days, I may not, perhaps, interpose an objection.
But 1 see an advantage in opening the investiga-
, tion at this time, andin going into the discussion.
; Instead of members suffering a disadvantage from
it, they will derive an advantage, and be the better
| prepared to decide the case.
I Mr. RITCHIE. I think there is one advantage
i to be found in going on with this case to-day.
! j To-day, and to-morrow, and next day, it will in-
terfere with'nothing else. There is no other busi-
! ness set down for either of these three days; and
i therefore members of the House will be perfectly
free to pay attention to the case. If, at the end
; of three days, it should be found that further time
I will be requisite in order to have a defense made
1 on the part of Judge Watrous, then, I presume, the
j I House will be willing to accord further time. But
II these three days are, perhaps, the best that could
!> be selected in the whole session for the hearing
! j of this case. Members will come quite unpreju-
ii diced to the consideration of this case, simply
i I from the fact that it interferes with no other busi-
! j ness. None of us have any other pressing busi-
! j ness on hand for these three days. I know very
. I little about this case, almost nothing, and am
I waiting to hear statements of the case from gen-
1 tlemcn on either side of the question. I may say,
; for myself, that I prefer sitting here and listening
during these three days than at any other time
: that could be fixed, because no other businessin-
I terferes with it.
! Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
! I recognize the importance of this case, and the
