1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
1852 California had been but recently admitted '
into the Union, and had been no expense to the ,
United States up to that time. What is her con-
dition now? The cost of transporting the mails i
from the Atlantic States to California, at the pres- !
ent time, is nearly two million dollars a year— 1
an expense which did not exist in 1852. What 1
was the condition of Kansas and Nebraska then ? i
They were only a portion of the general territory .
of the United States, and had not been organized ;
under territorial governments, which are a source
of expense to the country. <
The organization of those Territories was not ,
the act of the President or his Cabinet, but it was ;
the act of Congress-, and it has led to a considerable j
increase of expenditures. While, therefore, it is
true that there has been no expansion of our ter- !
ritory, still it must be manifest to every one at all j
conversant with the history of the country, that -
the sources of expenditure have been very greatly 1
enlarged by the progress of the country and the ;!
admission of new States into the Union, as well i1
as by the organization of new territorial govern-
ments. i'
The gentleman should have taken this import-
ant fact into consideration and ought not to have
withheld it*, especially when, as a Democrat, he
is making charges of extravagance against the
Democratic party. What motive could have i!
prompted him, I am unable to determine. Does ij
the gentleman desire to destroy the Democratic !;
party in order to sustain himself at home? I shall ;!
notbe guilty of the uncharitableness of supposing ;j
that that was his motive. It is to be found, I ap- ■
prehend, in a real desire to promote retrenchment; I
but the gentleman should have been careful to jj
make such a presentation of facts as would prop- i;
erly inform the public mind.
The gentleman says that last year, 1857-58, the j j
expenses of the Government were $71,402,398,
and that the estimates for the next fiscal year, ,|
exclusive of payments on account of the public \\
debt, are $71,256,633. And then he asks: jj
11 Can any gentleman pretend that it i« fair, that it is just, ;
that it is. legitimate, that the expenses of this Government, :
in lime of piofound peace, should have doubled in six j
jcar^' j|
To that point I desire to address myself. In ij
1852-53, the expenses of the Government were
$43,000,000. In 1853-54, the expenses of the
Government were §51,000,000. These figures do
not include items of public debt. In 1854-55 the
expenses of the Government were $56,000,000. In
1855-56, the Government expended $60,000,000;
and in 1856-57, which was the year the Opposi-
tion had a majority upon this floor, and controlled
the legislation of the country as absolutely as le-
gislation was ever controlled, an Opposition who
refused to make provision for the support of the
Army—during that year, I say, the expenditures
of the Government were $64,000,000.
Mr. GROW. I would like to ask how the
Army bill passed at last?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Well, perhaps
some of your votes did help to pass itfinally, but
it was after a called session.
Mr. MORGAN. I would say to the gentle-
man that the largest vote that the Opposition had
in that Congress, was one hundred and three out
of two hundred and thirty-three members. How
does that make a majority?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. You had the
organization of tins House. You elected the
Speaker.
Mr. MORGAN. By a plurality only. We
never had a majority.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should like to
know how you succeeded in electing your Speaker
by a plurality?
Mr. MORGAN. By the votes of Democrats,
who gave us the plurality rule. il
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It has always j]
been understood, and the record shows the fact,  |
that there was a majority upon this floor opposed j|
to the Democratic party. I do not know whether ;i
that majority was composed entirely of Black ;
Republicans or of their aiders and abettors, but .
there was a majority opposed to the Administra- j
tion and to the Democratic party. ll
Now, then, sir, during that memorable year, M
the sum of §64.000,000 was expended for the sup- !;
port of" the Government. And why it was that jj
my fiiend from Vnginia did not discover the im- tj
portant fact that this increase in the expenses of II
the Government is not chargeable alone to the 1
Democratic party, I am unable to tell. '
Still, sir, 1 am not arraigning the Opposition j1
for these expenditures. In 1857-58, the expenses 11
of the Government were 872,000,000; and it will
be remembered that the Utah war prevailed dur-
ing that year, and cost the Government some five
or six million dollars. Butfor that necessity,the
expenditures of the Government during the last
year would have exceeded but very little, indeed,
the expenses of the Government during the year
when the Opposition had a majority on this floor.
Now, how is that to be accounted for? I shall
not charge, because 1 have not the facts before
me on which to base the charge, any unnecessary
extravagance either by one party or the other.
I account for it upon the general hypothesis
which is applicable to all other thinge in nature.
I might say the gentleman from Virginia is aboy.
He would answer me he is a man, possessing all
the elements and attributes of a man. I might
answer he was a boy five years ago; and how
could he become a man except by progress? The
Government, during the period refeired to by the
gentleman, was far inferior, in point of size and
wealth and population, to what it is to-day.
Now, sir, when I see that the expenditures of
the Government for years after have been grad-
ually and regularly increasing in the hands of
both parties, I take it for granted that there exist
natural causes and good reasonsfor thatincrease.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I want to
ask the gentleman whether, in 1856, the appro-
priations exceeded the estimates furnished from
the Democratic Departments?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not say they
did. But if the gentleman insinuates that those
appropriations were wrong, why did not his party,
which had the power here, make an investigation
into them ? Why did it not correct the«i ?
Mr. CURTIS. Were not those Departments
under the control of a Democratic Administration ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Opposition
party are constantly making charges of dishon-
esty against the Democratic party. Why did
they not look into those estimates and publish to
the country wherein they were wrong? If they
could have shown they were wrong, were dishon-
est, then they would have had some predicate for
their charges. But they have not done so. Either
they did not make that investigation, or if they
did, they found nothing to sustain their false as-
persions".
Mr. CURTIS. Was not the Senate also Dem-
ocratic at that period ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I take it for grant-
ed, then, if there was a majority of one party here
and of the other in the other branch, and a Demo-
cratic President, and a Democratic Cabinet, that
they did what was right. The presumption of law
is, that men are honest until the contrary is shov/n.
Since you have charged dishonesty upon us, when
you had the power in your hands to show that
dishonesty, why did you not do it' Why did
you not give the facts and figures? You knew
that it could not be shown, and therefore you did
not publish the results of your investigation to
the world, if you made any investigation.
Mr. Chairman, the estimate for the present
year is §52,441,315; a sum less by 811,000,000
than was expended by the Opposition party when
it was in power in 1855-56. It is true that there
are estimates of $8,000,000 and $12,000,000 for
another purpose. It is estimated not only to sup-
ply deficiencies, but to meet laws passed at a
former session. Then, sir, I may safely say,
that the amount estimated for the support of the
General Government for the present fiscal year,
by the Secretary of the Treasury, is $20,000,000 ;
less than that of last year, and nearly §10,000,000 i
less than the amount expended by the Opposition
when it had control of this House. I make this
contrast, not for the purpose of predicating a
charge of dishonesty against either party; not for
the purpose of reflecting upon either party; but
to do justice to the party to which I belong. I
want to show that the Opposition, when it had
control of the affairs of the Government, increased
the expenses gradually, as we did when we had
control; and that, therefore, the presumption is,
that there are natural causes for it arising, not only
from the proper, but the increasing necessities of
the Government.
Now, as to the War Department and the quar-
termaster's bureau: he says there must be wrong
in these expenses. I ask whether in that he in-
tends to insinuate that the Secretary of« War is
not an honest man ? I apprehend not.
Mr. GARNETT. I presume that the gentle-
man from Mississippi cannot mean to seriously
put that question to me.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Whilelputthe
question, I at the«ame time made an answer to it.
I presume that he does not mean to make a charge
of dishonesty against the Secretary of War. As
he does not make that charge, I suppose he does
not mean to charge incompetency upon the Sec-
retary of War. If he charges neither, then I
would like to know how he infers that the esti-
mates from the War Department are wrong and
improper ? If there is anything wrong in the es-
timates from that Department, that could be easily
ascertained by investigation; and if the gentle-
man had desired a committee of investigation of
these estimates, this House would have granted
it. That committee could have examined into
every item of expenditure on the part of that De-
partment. It could have been seen forwhatevery
dollar expended since the present Secretary came
into power has been paid out. When the report
came to the House, ifsthere was anything wrong
reform could have been instituted. There, then,
would have been a predicate, some basis, for the
charge of the Opposition of wrong really could
have been proved. But there is nothing of the
sort. There is no showing of improper conduct
on the part of that Department.
Take next the Navy Department. I suppose
no man on this floor will insinuate that the Sec-
retary of the Navy is dishonest or incompetent.
I have not heard such an insinuation from his
bitterest or most vindictive enemy. Then, we are
to presume, if he is competent and honest, his
etsimates are correctly made, and predicated on
proper data; and that these data are the experi-
ence and observation of the operations of the De-
partment during the previous year. If that is not
to be regarded as the true rule by which we are
to be governed, there is but one other rule left,
and that the gentleman from Virginia has not seen
proper to avail himself of. He might have moved
for the appointment of a committee to investigate
the expenditures of that Department; and if im-
properexpenditures had been discovered, then the
means of retrenchment would have been found
out; and if the Secretary of the Navy had given
cause for his removal, his place might have been
filled by a better officer. That has not been done.
Then, 1 say that the Department ought not to be
condemned, in the absence of proof, byinnuendo,
or insinuation, or implication. Such a thing is
not allowable on principles of justice, of law, or
of right.
"I come now to the Post Office Department. How
does that stand ? Complaint is made because
$6,000,WO is asked to supply deficiencies in the
Post Office Department. How has that been
brought about, and who is responsible for it?
Certainly the Postmaster General is not; certain-
ly the President is not; certainly the members of
the Cabinet, who consult with him in regard to
the best mode of conducting that Department, are
not. The Postm'asterGencral, I apprehend, has
not paid out a dollar, except in obedience to
law. If he has, the fact can be ascertained; and
the means of retrenchment could in that way be
discovered. But no investigation has been asked
for. No effort has been made to show that there
has been an improper or unnecessary use of mo-
ney in that Department. What is the cause of
the increased expenditure of money in that De-
partment, and in all the other Departments of the
Government? It is known that in almost all the
older States of the Union the receipts of the Post
Office Department covcr, or nearly cover, the ex-
penses, while in the newer States and Territories
the receipts are small and the expenses large. For
instance, the ocean mail service to California,
; which came into the Union in 1851, now coste
| $3,000,000 a year. That is not the fault of the
I Postmaster General, nor is it the fault of Califor-
i ma. California was admitted into the Ur,ion by
j the act of the Government, and we are bound to
give it the same facilities and advantages that are
I enjoyed by other States of the Union. I admit
! that in all this there might have been retrench-
ment; and 1 endeavored last winter, most ardu-
I ously, to defeat the ocean mail system, of which
