14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
propriety of the suggestions of the gentleman
from Texas. It is a case of great importance to
the individual who is involved, and of great im-
portance to Texas, and to the country. But, sir,
m a case of such magnitude we should act with
some sort of system. The case has been set down
for to-day, on a motion made at the last session of
Congress, and members have had an opportunity
to read and weigh the testimony; but now a prop-
osition is made to postpone it further. We are
setting here somewhat as a court, to which a
proposition is made to continue a cause that had
been set down for trial. Now, sir, 1 have heard
what has been urged by the distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] and I have
heard the suggestionsof other gentlemen all round
the House, -but I have not heard sufficient reasons
assigned why this case should be continued. If
the members of this House, who have to decide
upon it, have not had an opportunity during the
recess to examine the mass of testimony, can it be
believed for a moment that in the short interval of
time between this and next Thursday—for that,
I believe, is the day to which it is now proposed
to postpone-the case—members will come up any
better prepared to decide upon It? I apprehend
not, sir. I say, therefore, it is due to ourselves,
sitting as a court, it is due to the committee, and
due to the distinguished gentleman who is ar-
raigned, that, ^or the reasons stated for this mo-
tion, the case should not be continued. Members
will not be taken by surprise. The ease, I sup-
pose, will be argued on both sides of the question
by the members of the committee, distinguished
gentlemen and learned in the law; they were
equally divided,and the House permitted a report
or statement to be presented by each branch of
the committee.
Well,-now, I submit to the House whether,
when the case has been so long pending, this being
the attitude of the committee, and the ceisc having
been set down for to-day, upon what ground we
can now vote to continue it? If it be postponed,
it may.mterfere with other business that has been
set down for other days. Jf it be put off till Fri-
day, it will, as was suggested by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. {Shorter,] interfere with
private bill day, and besides that there will then
be but two days m which to dispose of the case,
unless it goes over to the following week. So far,
therefoie, as my action is concerned, I should not
feel justified m voting to continue tins case until
Thursday.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, It strikes
me that the gentleman from Maryland is laboring
under a slight mistake in comparing this motion
for a postponement to a motion for a continuance
of a case m court; and I am surprised that a gen-
tleman occupying the position that he does should
make such a mistake. We do not propose to put
tins case off t'o another term as a continuance
would do, but only to postpone it to another day
during the present term.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I ceitainly
differ from the gentleman from North Carolina in
my appreciation of what the pending motion is.
It is a proposition to continue the case, not to the
next term, but to another day in the present term;
and I hold that there is no sufficient reason for
continuing it at all.
Mr. MASON. This is an old case on this
record. It has been standing here, sir, ever since
I was a member of this House—six or eight years
ago. This same Watrous case was here then.
It came back here last year. It is here again at
the commencement of this session;, and I hope
the House will either put it off indefinitely, and
never try it at all, or try it at once, if we are ever
to have a hearing of it. Let us dispose of it in
some way or other. If gentlemen have not been :
able to make up their opinions in one, two, three, |
four, or five years, they ought to do it in the sixth
year. The case has been here a long time, and
ought to be disposed of.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I shall object most sincerely
and earnestly to the postponement of this case
till next Thursday, for the reason tlmt I find al-
ready upon the Private Calendar two hundred and
thirty-five bills, and it will interfere with private
bill day. I shall, therefore, object to the post-
ponement; and I give notice now that I shall vote
for no special orders that would interfere with
private bill days.
Mr. READY, I accept the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Shorter;] and my motion now is, to postpone
the matter to next Tuesday week.
Mr. BRYAN. As one of the Representatives
of Texas, I would say, that whilst 1 feel a deep
interest in this question; yet this House has con-
fided it to a committee, and I would wish to let
that committee and the House take charge of it.
If this House is willing to enter into the examin-
ation to-day, I shall not object. Butgrave charges
have been preferred against an officer of this Gov-
ernment; and it is due to him, as well as to the
State, that a careful investigation should he made.
We all know, sir, that when we go home we do
not always carry with us the reports and business
of Congress, and that we may neglect looking into
questions that may be assigned for the opening
of the session. I have been told, sir, that but re-
cently some of the members have received the
record, as given by the report of the committee.
If such be the fact, it may be important that a few
days should be allowed to those who have not
looked into the matter, or examined it; but I am
willing to leave the question to the House, and to
the direction of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, obtained the iloor.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. With the
permission of the gentleman from New York, I
desire to say a word or two. Since the discussion
commenced I have had a conversation with a
fellow member of the Judiciary Committee, and I
ascertain that he has in his possession a book of
tins case of thirteen hundred and ninety-four
pages; and I understand from him that it was all
printed before the adjournment of Congress. If
so,I had never seen it, and I was, therefore, some-
what surprised to find that such a book was in
existence. As a member of the committee, I know
nothing of any such book of testimony.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, resumed the floor.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I desire to make a single
remark.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will yield to
the gentleman for the purpose of explanation, if
that is what ho desires.
Mr. CHAPMAN, It is merely for explana-
tion, in reply to a remark made by the gentleman
from North Carolina.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire to say
a word upon the question of postponement; but
will yield to the gentleman for explanation.
Mr. CRAiGE, of North Carolina. I stated
that I had not seen the printed report before to-
day, and knew nothing about it.
Mr. CHAPMAN. The explanation I desire
to make is in reply to the remark of the gentle-
man from Nortli Caroling that he had understood
from a fellow member of the Judiciary Commit-
tee that all the evidence was printed before the
close of the last session of Congress. He mis-
understood me. I stated to him, according to my
recollection, that all the evidence that was mate-
rial for the proper understanding of the case was
printed before the adjournment.
Mr. CRAIGE, of JSToi th Carolina. I was right,
then, m my first statement. There has been a
book published since the adjournment, and with-
out the authority of the committee. I do not
know that the committee ever ordered the print-
ing of any part of the evidence.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I v/as on the
Judiciary Committee of the House to whom this
case of Judge Watrous was committed for inves-
tigation, and I desire to say that, in my judgment,
a sufficient postponement should be had to enable
at least the members of the committee to refresh
their recollection, and renew the examination of
the very complicated and elaborate case that was
presented before them.
For one I am not unwilling to say, that although
I gave what I supposed to be faithful attention to
the case, such has been the obstruction thrown
in the way of further reflection on the subject by
the pressing engagements of the canvass m which
the northern members have been engaged during
the reeess of Congress, that this additional time
is necessary to enable me to present to the House,
as I deem it my duty to do, my own views upon
this case.
I was one of those who came to the conclusion
that the public interest did not require the im-
peachment of Judge Watrous; and while I differ
from other gentlemen on that committee, whose
opinions are entitled to^reat weight, I think that
injustice would be done to myself and to those
other members of the committee who agreed with
me, if an opportunity should not be afforded us
to reexamine the testimony, free it from compli-
cation, and condense it as it needs condensation,
in order to present to the House clearly the views
which have governed us in coming to the conclu-
sions at which we have arrived- Certain it is,
that no harm can result from the postponement
which is asked. I think I can safely say that no
member of this House, especially among those
from the northern States, has had up to this hour,
since the full testimony has been before us, a
reasonable opportunity to examine it.
It was my intention to have examined this case
during the recess, but after arriving at home, I
found that the papers I had before me were not
complete, and it was not until after the recess had
passed, and within the last few hours, that the
whole case in its entire form has been laid before
me. It seems to me that the suggestions for post-
ponement are reasonable, and that the granting
of it would be more conducive than detrimental
to the interests of public justice.
The question was taken; and the motion to
postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. CHAPMAN. Mr. Speaker, two memo-
rials have been presented to the House, praying
for the impeachment of Hon. John C. Watrous,
judge of the district court of the United States
for the State of Texas, one of them by Eliphas
Spencer and the other by Jacob Mussina; each of
them contains grave and serious charges, which if
true, fully justify his impeachment by this House
and his conviction by the Senate.
It is alleged in the memorial of Spencer that
Judge Watrous engaged in extensive speculations
in real estate in his judicial district, where he knew
the titles were in dispute, and that he employed
his court as the means of promoting the inter-
ests of himself and partners m the speculation and
to secure an advantage over others with whom liti-
gation was apprehended. The evidence which
was adduced before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, presents the following points:
In the spring of 1850, Thomas M. League callcd
at the office of Judge Watrous, in Galveston,
Texas, and stated to him that he knew of an op-
portunity to engage in   speculation in lands lying
on the Brazos river, which held out very great in-
ducements;and, although he was a man of wealth,
he stated that he had not the necessary funds to
avail himself of the opportunity. Whereupon
Judge Watrous proposed theintrod action of some
persons lesiding in the State of Alabama in the
enterprise; and he accordingly wrote to them.
Shortly after, two of them arrived in Galveston,
and, with Thomas M. League, proceeded to the
lands, which they viewed to their entire satisfac-
tion. They returned to Galveston, and submitted
the title papers to Judge Hughes, a lawyer of
that place, for his opinion on the validity of the
title, and made arrangements with him to bring
suit. Frow and Price then returned to Alabama,
and, in July following, Judge Watrous, accom-
panied by League—carrying with them the title
papers—proceeded to Selma, Alabama, where
they met John W. Lapsley, Frow and Price,
Goldsby and Pluttenburg. A conference was held
between these parties which lasted for several
days, and an arrangement was finally entered
into. League held the title to this property, hav-
ing acquired it from Mrs. St. John, through her
trustees, Menard and Williams, and transferred
it toLapsley. It was agreed that between seven
and eight thousand dollars should be advanced,
in order that League might comply with his con-
tract with Mrs. St. John. The title which he
thus held was derived under a Mcxican grant or
concession made m 1832.
Upon the legal title being vested in Lapsley, he
executed a deed of trust, which declared that he
, held one half of this property for Judge Watrous
J and League,and the other halffor himself,Frow
and Price, Goldsby and Pluttenburg. This deed
has never yet been recorded, and although it con-
tains a stipulation that it may be recorded, it does
not contain any stipulation that it shall be re-
corded, as represented by Judge Watrous in his
answer.
Judge Watrous and League gave their joint note
for their portion of the purchase money, payable
in five years. The parties then separated. In
the month of October following, Lapsley wrote to
