1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
the mail service to California is the most expens-
ive pan.
I asbany man on this Boor, I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia, if he is willing to surrender
a single mail facility in his district? I take it he
>s not. I am certain I would not surrender any
©f the mail facilities of my district. If there are
too many mail facilities extended to the country
it is not the fault of the Postmaster General.
They-are established by Congress., and members
aj$ induced to ask for them at the earnest and
pressing-solicitations of their constituents. If the
people demand these facilities, of course they
must foot the bill.
Now, I indorse all that part of the gentleman's
speech in, favor of retrenchment. I am as much
in favor of retrenchmentasany gentleman on this
iloor. Hut I do think if the gentleman had gone
directly to work and introduced a bill with the
object of effecting retrenchment, it might have
been done in less time than has been consumed
in discussing the subject. If, then, the expenses
of the Government can be reduced, let us proceed
to do so. Let a bill be introduced into the House,
either by special committees or general commit-
tees, who have charge of such Departments of the
Government. Let retrenchment come m that
form; tangible, comprehensible* easily to be un-
derstood in the House and in the country.
I do not pretend to say that there is not more
money expended than is necessary. I think there
has been. But this money has been expended
under the authority of acts of Congress, passed
by our predecessors and by ourselves. It is not
the President that is to be held responsible; nor
are any of the Departments to be held responsi-
ble. The responsibility rests on Congress. And
yet Congress has done what it thought was for
the interests of the country, and on the best in-
formation within their reach.
Having said so much on that subject, I desire
to examine, for a very short time, the remarks of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phil-
lips,] on the subject of the tariff. He sets out
with the declaration that American labor must be
protected. I desire especially that my portion of
the Union shall understand what is meant by
American labor.
Now, what is American labor ? I know that,
in the southern States, we are told by gentlemen
opposed to the Democratic party, that American
labor embraces every species of labor upon this
continent. It is not so understood at the Noith,
and is not so defined. I take it, that Mr. Web-
ster will bn regarded as reliable authority on the
subject; and what does he define American labor
to be? He said:
^ 1 liuvc spoken of labor as one of the izrcat element'? of
our society, the great substantial interest on winch wo all
stand ; not feudal service, not predial toil, not tlx; nksojpc
drudgery by one nice of mankind, subjected on account of
€^)Jor} to the'control of another race of mankind: but labor,
intelligent, rnaaiy, independent, thinking and udlmg tor it-
self earning its own wage, accumulating those w.is?es iuio
capital, becoming a pint of society and ol our social >y-tem,
educating childhood, maintaining worship, claiming the
right of the elective franchise, am! helping to uphold the
great fabric of the State. That is American laboi,and I
confess that all my sympathies are with it, and my voice,
until I am dumb, will*be Un it."
Now, you perceive from that, that the system
of protection advocated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not include the species of la-
bor denominated " slave labor" in this country,
Mr. Webster put what he called the pauper labor
of Europe, and the slave labor of this country,
on precisely the same footing; and the only labor
for which he asked protection was the white la-
bor of the North. Are we, then, of the South,
to be induced to support a measure which is in-
tended to discriminate against our system of labor
and in favor of a different system of labor? I,
for one, shall never be found voting forany meas-
ure that is to have the effect of discriminating
against the portion of the Union in which I re-
side, and m favor of a different portion of the
Union.
Now, sir, we are constantly being told by gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania that they have assisted
the slave interests of the South; and they think it
extremely ungrateful in us now not to stand by
them in support of a measure which is necessary
to their prosperity and welfare. Now, I had not
understood tnatthat was the reason of the political
action of the gentlemen from Pennsylvania. I
had supposed they were governed by what they
conceived to be their constitutional obligations;
not only to themselves, but to every portion of
this Union alike. And if, sir, their motives in
such support as we have received from them here-
tofore, have been predicated upon the idea that
we were afterwards to become slaves to them and
to their interests, and their views of policy, then
I must confess I feel no obligation to them for
their votes.
Sir, the southern States, in seeking an expan-
sion of the institution of slavery, have not been
incited by a dread of the emancipation of their
slaves. I, myself, have never had any, and I
have none now; because I have always believed,
and I believe now more strongly than ever, that
the people of the North know their interests as
well as any people on the face of the globe, and
they know-well that a more fatal blow could not
be struck at their interests than the overthrow of
the institution of slavery at the present time.
They feel and know that it would involve every
interest in the free States in rum and destruction.
1 say, then, that we apprehend no danger from
that source. Our objcct has been to preserve an
equality of power upon this floor, in order that
the North might not force upon us measures of
class legislation which would take from us the
proceeds of the labor of our slaves, in the shape
of taxes for the benefit of the people of the North.
I would much prefer that our slaves should be
emancipated at once, than that, by an unjust, un-
equal, and unfair system of legislation, you should
take from us the proceeds of the labor of our
slaves. Our object has been to preserve ourselves
from a system of legislation which I believe, and
which those whom I represent believe, would be
unjust to us, and too oppressive to be borne.
Now, how does this question of the tariff
stand ? The gentleman from Pennsylvania told
us that fee did not desire protection—that he was
opposed to protection; that he was in favor of
fixing the tariff at a revenue standard, and that
the revenue standard should afford incidental pro-
tection. We are compelled.to collect revenue for
the support of the Government, and I admit that
that system must have the effect of giving inci-
dental protection. But so far as the iron interest
is concerned, I ask if Pennsylvania is not already
amply and fully protected. What say the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania? They tell us that
the better kinds of iron, under the act of 1824,
cannot be brought into this country for sale, be-
cause they can undersell the importer of foreign
iron of that quality, fcjo far as that quality of
iion is concerned, the act of 1824 amounts to a
prohibition. It is, therefore, not only protection,
but absolute prohibition, according to the confes-
sion of the gentleman himself. But they wantin-
ci:eaSnd duties to enable them to compete with
the inferior qualities of iron imported into this
country from Europe; they want the duties raised
upon the inferior qualities of iron in which they
cannot compete with the European manufacturers,
so as to amount to a prohibition also.
Now, in order to make this question so intelli-
gent that it cannot be controverted, 1 desire to call
attention to some figures. Iron costs, in Europe,
$46; add $10 expenses of getting it here. This
gives, at twenty-four cents, $13; and, of course,
equalizes iron in this country, and gives $6 on the
ton protection. In reference to this point, I de-
sire to read again from Mr. Webster. He says:
u I will only add. that, if we mean to keep up American
labor under these operations we mint hold to protecting
our industry fiom the competition of foreign labor. Labor
abio.id i* cheap, becau=e the people live poor. English iron
costs .£8 09 per ton for wage*; while Amencan iron, the re-
sult of American labor, eos?ts $15 82, because American
labor means to live well, means to earn enough to cducate
its? childicn, and to perform tiic duties of a, eifzen. There-
tore I insist that it shall have wages and high wages. We
know that som'e others of these iron \voik>aie about to stop.
The evil is not confined to this branch of industry. The
wages of handiciaft in Philadelphia are aho cut down one
third—I mean tin: hand-loom vveavois—and fifteen bun-
dled hands have been thiown out of employment lh this
branch of mdustiy alone.
The cost of the labor of making a ton of iron
in England is $8 02. In Pennsylvania, the cost of
labor of making a ton of iron, as early as 1849—it is
cheaper now—was $15 82. The difference of cost,
then, is about $8 per ton. Now, sir, if you add
$8 by way of duty upon English iron, you make
the cost to the English manufacturer .of deliver-
ing iron here $15 per ton, the same that it costs
the Pennsylvania!!. Then the Pennsylvania iron
stands upon the same footing with the English
iron, and they are on terms of equality in market,
neither having advantage over the other in the
cost of production.
Now, under this act of 1846 you have at the
present time thirteen dollars per ton duty, and thai
gives you now $6 per ton protection; and any man
who will reflect for a moment will acknowledge
that six per cent, protection will soon drive out
of the market all competition. Is not that pro-
hibition ? If it is not, I do not know what pro-
hibition is. If it will not prevent the importation
of iron into this country, 1 cannot tell what will.
The gentleman, then, cannot be right, either in
his figures, or else not right in the position he
assumes, that he is not in favor of protection, but
of a revenue only. Nine per cent, protection is
not a revenue measure, but prohibitory.
Now, I desire to pursue this subject a little fur-
ther. To make it perfectly plain, suppose five
hundred tons of railroad iron were imported into
New York. The price in Wales is §46 a ton.
The freight, insurance, and other expenses,
amount to $10 a ton, which makes itcost m New
York $56 a ton; or$28,000forthewhole. On this
sum, the duty, under the present tariff, would be
$6,720. Thus it will be seen that our southern and
western States, whose railroads are now in a state
of progress, arc required to pay $6,720, to enable
the iron manufacturer of Pennsylvania to enter
into the market in competition against the British
seller. Thus the railroad companies, estimating
eighty tons to the mile, are required to pay, in
duties, $1,075 per mile for the benefit of the Penn-
sylvania iron interest. And that is under the act
of 1846.
And yet gentlemen, not satisfied with imposing
upon every little railroad in the southern country
the sum of $1,075 per mile, are demanding an in-
crease of six per cent, duty, so as to make them
pay about $1,400a mile. And this they demand,
too, after the northern States have completed most
of their great network of railroads. Nov/, is it
right that we of the South and West should be
compelled to submit to an increase of duties upon
iron at this particular time?
But how stands the question as far as Pennsyl-
vaniais concerned? 1 had a document sent me
last night from Pennsylvania, by some gentleman
engaged in the manufacture of silk. At the pres-
ent time raw silk belongs to the free list; and,
while he insists that iron shall be protected, he as
strongly insists that the article which he imports
to carry on his business shall not be dutiable, but
shall come in free.
Another gentleman from Pennsylvania writes
hero that he is a large wholesale importer of for-
eign fiuit; and, while at present there is a duty
upon it, he insists that, in a general revision of
the tariff, his fruit shall be put upon the free list.
So it is, that every man m Pennsylvania, who is
engaged in a particular branch of business, insists
that his pursuit shall be exempt from taxes, but
that the entire burden shall be placed upon iron.
The demand is wrong in principle. Of course,
I am in favor of a levenue tariff, leaving out of
the question the matter of direct taxation. I say
at the present time, that if wc are to raise a reve-
nue by a tariff, we must have a revenue standard.
But that standard is not a prohibitory standard.
Mr. GRANGER. The Stales are supreme—
are sovereign—within their geographical limits, in
reference to all powers not delegated to the Gen-
eral Government, nor prohibited by the Constitu-
tion.
Thus far 9 they are sovereign against ike icorld, and
they are as much so against the Government at
Washington, as against that at Pans, at London,
or at St. Petersburg!^ and of the extent of that
sovereignty, they, the Stales, have a right to
judge. The States have the same right to judge
' of the extent of their sovereignty, as the General
Government has to judge of the extent of its sover-
eignty. Thus far they are equals. Here I quote
from high authority:
" Resolved, That the several States comprising the Uni-
ted States of America aie nor united on the principle of un-
limited subnii^ion to the Genial Government; but that,
by compact, under the style and title of a Constitution for
the United State-?, and amendments thereto, they consti-
tuted a General Government for special purposes, delegated
to that Government certain definite powers, reserving, each
State to itself, the residuary masb of right to then own self-
government; and that whensoever the Geneial Govern-
ment must assume undelegated powers, its acts are unau-
thoiitauve, void, and of no foice ; that to this compact each
