1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
State acceded, as a State, and as an integral party ; its co-
fcHitfs loaning a-* to itself the other pni tv • that the Govern-
ment cleared by this compact w.is not made the exclusive
or final judge of the extent of powers* delegated to itself,
Finoe that would have made its discretion, and not the Con-
stitution, the measure of its power,-, but that, as in ail
other ea-es of compact among parties having no common
jiuitfu. each party has an equal tight to judge for itseJI", a1'
well of infractions as of the mode and measure of icdress."
Such was the true republican doctrine, enunci-
ated by Jefferson, and known as the resolutions
of 1798. He stood erect on that position; and
there he was sustained and upheld by the Amer-
ican people, in the great republican triumph of
1800.
With this clear view of her position, New York
has promised, m her constitution, to guaranty lib-
erty to every person within her jurisdiction. If
she keeps her word; if she maintains her promise;
if she fulfills her obligation, as she ought to do,
she will allow no power on earth to take from her
fold a human beb'g fo be made a slave.
Her constitution was made prior to that of the
United States; and by it she has promised safety
and liberty to all of whom she claims allegiance,
all and every human being within her empire
limits.
She had an undoubted right to do so before the
Constitution of the United States was formed.
She has never relinquished that right nor sur-
rendered that power; and, as she claims allegi-
ance, she owes protection in return. Allegiance
and protection are reciprocal ties, and every man
who owes the one is entitled to the other; and,
with the ever present writ of habeas corpus, she is
the guardian of the liberty of every person of every
age, sex, or condition, regardless of complexion or
natnily, who lives withm her lines.
No pedigree, is called for; no naturalization re-
quisite; a foot-print on her soil seals the cove-
nant.
And here she acts in glorious harmony with
the Government of the Union.
The Constitution of the United States and the
constitution of the State of New York, each for
itself, in exactly the same words, declares: " No
person shall he depnved of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law." No person
u-'mtever. Says the constitution of New York:
" No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
piopertv, without due process of law," in this
State at any t ate. The Constitution of the United
States repeats: " No person shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law," (ciitide five, Amendments,) in this broad
realm. A ml it further says: "Thejudgesofevery
State shall be bound thereby, law of State*, or con-
stitution of States, to the contrary notwithstand-
ing." (Article six, section two.) Thus every
Jiu'qr, ttuie or national, however elevated, who
jir.t'ds not tins decree, neglects his duty, foigets his
oath, and db-obajs the Constitution.
And does not this Constitution say at the out-
set, in its preamble, " that its / bject is to estab-
lish justice, to guard domestic or fireside tranquillity,
and to secure the blessings n( liberty to ourselves,
and to our posterity ?" Js that true, sir? Or is the
very first—the leading and controlling sentence
m the Constitution—afalsehood ?
" That no title of nobility, or bill of attainder,
shall be passed by Congress, or any State," (section
nine,) Sovih or Nuith, either to elevate one class
of persons, or to diprcss another; to ennoble the
one or chaltelize the other; and especially not to
uttamt the blood of generations yet unborn.
" A bill of attainder*" A law that attaints the
blood, or creates disabilities on account of pa-
it nwge or'birth; a law that provides that the
child of a slave mother and of a free father "shall
follow the condition of the mother," and be a
slave for life—and its descendants after it forever
—is " a bill of attainder." Exactly what the Con-
stitution says, (section nine,) neither Congress
nor any State shall pass.
This clause of the Constitution alone, if not
violated, would put an end to this whole contro-
versy.
Sir, shall the son of a freeman be born and die a
slave by the taint of a mother's blood—blood that
liovved'through hearts that ceased to beat on the
baule-fieids of the Revolution?
"That everv family dwelluwr, however lowly
the cottagr, or linmble the hut, is inviolate, with its
inmates, papers, and effects." (Article four, of
Amendments.) " And that the right of (lie peo-
ple, and all the people, to keep and bear arms
shall not be infringed.5' (Article two, Amend-
ments.) Arms to defend their country, their
wives, their children, and themselves.
Sir, is not all this enough? Shall this go for
nothing. To secure to the people—and all Uupeo-
ple—freedom, liberty, and right, against slavery, op-
pression, and wrong. Can words be more determ-
inate ?
Read, sir, as I have quoted from the Constitu-
tion; and if lawyers, northern lawyers, shut their
eyes, let northern laymen read the truth and teach
them law.
Sir, Congress is nowhere clothed with power
to legislate lor the return of runaway slaves, and
pack northern freemen for the chase, the slave hunt,
for southern masters. J\lark,sir, the Constitution
grants no such power.
In the language of that great, good man, whose
vacant chair stands in the Senate Chamber for
strangers to gaze at, I repeat, " Nowhere under
the Constitution can the nation, by legislation or
other wise,.1support slavery, hunt slaves, or hold prop-
erty in man;" and I repudiate the idea with pity
and contempt.
Sir, it is the political traders of the North, the
dough-face traffickers of the North, that dicker with
the rulers of the day, that are most to blame. The
South has some excuse. They can plead precedent,
habit, education; and I am not disposed to under-
rate their force. The North has no excuse. They
can offer no plea but guilty.
If the North was as unanimous, as devoted, and
half as hue to freedom as is the South to slavery, our
national troubles would vanish like the dew, and
our country become what it might be—prosper-
ous and happy, and feared and respected by the
world.
Sir, nothing is plainer than is the Constitution
on this subject. If politicians dare not or will
not understand it, it is time the farmers, the mc-
: chanics, the manufacturers, and the laboring men
i took up the subject. They can understand it, and
they will understand it right.
i Judge Marshall says, to get the true meaning
i of the Constitution, you must take its words.
Judge Story says the meaning of the instrument
must prevail, and its meaning must be gathered
from its words, and the Supreme Court has said the
same.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States is a
plain, out-spoken, anti-slavery document. Take its
words, and not hunt outside of the Constitution
for its meaning, and there are no two ways about
it; and to prevent all doubt or cavil, the Supreme
Court has established the following invincible
rule. " When rights arc infringed, when funda-
mental principles are overthrown, the legislative
intention must he expressed with uierisliblc clear-
ness " Now, sir, to see a man who would say
in sober earnest that the Constitution expresses
with irresistible clearness in favor of slavery, and
against liberty, would be a curiosity entirely.
How strange and unreasonable, then, to con-
tend that the Constitution was made to nourish
and extend slavery. Is there a single word or
sentiment in that great charter of liberty that
favors it? Not a bit of it—not the first syllable
m favor of slavery.
Foremost came the Declaration of American In-
dependence—our first grett law; then the Consti-
tution of the brave Old Thirteen; followed and
backed by the Constitution of the United States;
and all act together with a unity and hinily of pur-
pose to maintain and defend the " inalienable
rights of man." Rights that no mortal man nor
human Government has a right to abrogate, or call
in question.
That Declaration, the strong foundation on
which our Government stands, explicitly affirms
that liberty is the gift (f God, is above all price and
before al> law, and cannot br taken away: and the
constitution of.Wir Yoik and the Constitution of
the Unite! Stales, wnh one accord, respond"amm."
Then, sir, where has slavery a right to show
its head? Surely not in my State—the State of New
Yoik; and equally sure if is that the Constitution
of the Union bar's the door against it.
Sir, has a Stale, or the Federal Government au-
thority or legal power to make one man a slave
to another ? Nobody pretends it.
Had the General Government, or a State gov-
ernment, ever the right to do it? Nobodjr will
claim it. Was slavery allowed by the colonial
charters from the Britiih Government before we.
were independent? Disallowed and prohibited by
every one of them, and condemned and driven out
of England by the application of the writof'/uzfceoft
corpus to a single slave, and that slave a Virginia*
negro brought there by a Virginia master, While
Virginia, was a colony of Great Britain.
That decision, by the high court of England*
(Lord Chief Justice Mansfield,) took place two-
years before the Declaration of Independence,, and
covered this country as well as that.
Then, sir, how came slavery here ? It came here-
without law, in violation of law J by f>au$ and vie-*
lence, and remains here by no better title.
And now, sir, we are called on by the ruling
party, not merely to tolerate slavery, but to legal*
ize it all over the United States; and to do it, the
whole power and patronage of the Administration
is put in requisition. To do it, sir, the great lead-
ing interests of the country are disturbed, and the
prosperity of the whole people seriously affected,
while the Government itself is brought to the very
verge of bankruptcy, with little or no prospect of
relief while the party now in power are suffered
to remain.
Sii, it is the nation, the American people, who
are the sufferers; and they must interfere by the
peaceful and potent remedy of the ballot-box; and,
sir, I think they will interfere at their earliest op-
portunity.
But we are told that will never do—that would
be sectional. Sectional or not, there must be a
remedy.
But who made it sectional? The party in power,
sir, have made it sectional.
They have taken the aggressive, and claimed
for slavery all the land that joins it.
They have urged on the trial, and now let us
have the issue.
As the Chief Justice of England said in the
slave case referred to, when hard pressed for a
decision in favor of slavery: " If you will have
judgment, you shall have justice. Let the black
man be discharged."
1 told you on this floor, in April, 1857, and I
repeat it now, that freedom and slavery must
meet face to face, and try titles; there can be no
joint ownership between them; and that one or
the other must have full possession. The time
of trial is at hand, and we may as well take it
coolly and deliberately, for the crisis will surely
come, and, perhaps, at no distant day. It is as
inevitable as the march of time or the approach
of death; and let us make up our minds for it and
do the best we can.
The indications, I think, are quite clear that
freedom must rule, and it 1860 does not so decide,
I will confess I am "neither a prophet nor the
son of a prophet," nor the grandson of a pro-
phet.
There is not much room for argument. If we
have a representative republican Government,
slavery, despotism, oppression, can not much longer
be tolerated, and much less allowed the preem-
inence. A preacher of the Gospel will hardly
serve out his ten years in Maryland State prison
for having had an anti-slavery book in his house;
no other Sir. Underwood will be banished, like a
traitor, from Virginia, his native home, for hav-
ing been present at a Republican national conven-
tion at Philadelphia, to nominate a presidential
candidate for the Republican party to support.
Wiser councils will prevail. These things are not
to be repeated.
Slavery can make no more Presidents. The pres-
ent one is the Imt of the succession. No more Pres-
idents that will proclaim from the Executive chair
that the Federal Constitution carries slavery ev-
erywhere, and that he will back it with the Army.
Our Constitution guaranties the writ of habeas
corpus and trial by jury, and both must be blotted
out for ever, or slavery must retire from the con-
test and leave for parts unknown. It must here-
after be content to act on the defensive, and fight
on the retreat. I say this with no unkind feel-
ings towards those of the South who may differ
with me on this important and troublesome sub-
ject; far be it from me, I know they are not re-
sponsible for its first introduction among us. It
came here by toleration of the British Govern-
ment, without law, while we were colonies, and has
been suffered to remain, in violation of law, ever
since; and until it has grown to be an enormous
and alarming evil, and loudly threatens the in teg*
