16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
Everything, so far as we know by the testi-
mony, was entirely acceptable to him. Bat he
says that these cases, having thus come into his
court without his knowledge or consent, an over-
ruling necessity compelled their transfer to New
Orleans. But this overruling necessity did not
exist before he embarked in this speculation. If
it became a necessity, it was in subservience to
the prime motive, and to carry along the original
design conceived at Galveston and matured at
Selma. It was not an accident.
It is also chargcd against Judge Watrous that
he sat upon the trial of cases in which he was
interested in the questions involved. Prominent
among those cases was that of Ufford vs. Dykes,
tried in his court in 1855. Ufford claimcd, under
a grant or concession made, or purporting to have
been made, by the Government of Coahuila and
Texas, in 3832, of thirty-three leagues of land—
eleven leagues to each of three parties; and a very
material and important link in the chain of the
plaintiff's title was an alleged power of attorney
to sell, said to have been granted, in the year
1833, by the two Aguirres and De la Vega. This
power of attorney was said to have been executed
by Raphael de Aguirre, Maria de Aguirre,
and Thomas de la Vega, the alleged grantees of
the concession, at Saltillo, in Mexico, and filed
among the archives there. It appears that acopy
purports to have been afterwards authenticated
and acknowledged before Juan Gonzales, rtgidor
.or alcalde of Saltillo, and carried to the land office
at Austin, where it was filed.
Now, this power of attorney has since that
time, and since the trial of one or two of the
Lapsley suits in-New Orleans, been impeached as
a forgery so far as relates to Raphael de Aguirre
and Thomas de la Vega. If it be a forgery us
relates to Raphael de Aguirre, then Ufford had
no right to recover in his suit. And if it be a
forgery as relates to Thomas de la Vega, Lapsley
and his friends had no right to recover against
Spencer. The power of attorney having been
represented to be a forgery, a commission issued
from the circuit court m New Orleans, to take
the depositions at Saltillo of Thomas de la Vega,
and the custodian of the archives at Saltillo. De
la Vega swears that he never executed the power
of attorney, and never signed the tctiimonio; and
the custodian swears that after dilligent search
among the records or archives he is unable to find
any power of attorney signed by the two Aguirres
and De la Vega, but he does find a power of at-
torney signed by Jose Maria Aguirre alone.
This case came on for tual in the winter of
1855. Previously a judgment by default had
been taken; and as Mr. Hartley, one of the coun-
sel for the defendant, was walking in the streets
of Galveston, Judge Hughes, the attorney for
Lnpsley and his partners, came to him and said,
"Judge Watrous called at my office lastevening,
where Mr. League and I were, and said he felt
very much perplexed concerning this case; he did
not like to sec it go oil' in that way, and that if
Mr. Hartley would file an affidavit of a meritori-
ous defense, he would grant a new trial."
This suggestion, made by Judge Hughes, who
was not at that time counsel iu the case, and
coming from Judge Watrous, was adopted, and
a new trial was granted. Hughes was then taken
into the case by Mr. Hartley; and on a conference
between him and Hartley, Hughes represented
that the oiiginal title was good, and that there
could be.no exception taken to the concession or
grant, and he insisted that this power of sale
should not be objected to when the ease came on
for trial. Mr. Hale, counsel for the plaintiff, stated,
when the case came on, that he was unable to
proceed m consequence of not having proof of the
execution of the power of attorney to sell. Judge
Hughes, who carried with hiju at that tunc, and
had previously done so, a copy of the testimonlo,
which he had obtained at the land office in Aus-
tin, kindly furnished Mr. Halo with it; Mr. Hale
was relieved from his embarrassment. Judge
Hughes having been induced to make no objec-
tion to this copy of the power of attorney, which
has been impeached as a forgery, it went in evi-
dence without objection, and the plaintiff gained
his cause.
Mr. BRYAN. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. CHAPMAN. I prefer to go on and con-
clude what I have to say without interruption.
When f get through I will hear the gentleman from
Texas with great pleasure. Did Judge Hughes
know that the title in the Lapsley cases, in which
he was interested, was involved in this case ? He
was consulted by League, Frow and Price, and
the others, in regard to this title before the pur-
chase was made, and all the titie papers were laid
before him. tie had g^ne to the land offico at
Austin and procured this copy of the testimonio
to serve him in the Lapsley cases before he was
counsel in the case of Ufford vs. Dykes. It is
indisputable, then, that Judge Hughes was fully
aware that Judge Watrous was sitting upon the
trial of a cause in which a most material ques-
tion, in which he was interested, was involved-
Now, did Judge Watrous himself know it ? I
will refer to that portion of the report of the com-
mittee, which will be found upon page eleven.
The judge says, in his charge to the jury in this
case:
"The grant to Raphael de Acuirre, introduced by the
plaintiff, i<5, on us face, a valid title, and appiopnates the
land described on u. The mesne conveyances down to the
plamtilFaio sufficient to convey the land, fn addition, it ap-
pears that Samuel i\J. Williams was examined ad a witness
in this case, arid among other things, say si: 'I acted a? th^
attorney of Raphael de Aguirre, Jos6 Manade Aguirre, and
Thomas de la Vega, and held their powers of attorney. Ste-
phen F. Austin w.ib interested in the grants—that is, the
concession*? made by the governor of Coahuila and Texas
to them.' "
Here then we have "irrefutable evidence" that
Judge Watrous was aware that the question was
the same as the one involved in the Lapsley suits;
and that he knew what the question was in the
Lapsley suits, is evident from the fact that he
stated that he knew what the title in that case
was, and that the question was the same as in the
case of Hancock vs. McKinney, depending in the
State courts, m which he had a personal interest.
Now, it may be said that the decision in this
case settled nothing; that it would not be bind-
ing authority, m the State courts, and that it did
not confirm his title to the lands which he had
purchased in company with Lapsley and others.
But what was to be the moral effect? What was
the design and purpose? These Lapsley suits
were then depending in the ciicuit court of the
United States at New Orleans, or were about to
be transferred there. Was it designed to inform
the defendants in the Lapsley cases that the ques-
tion T>f their title had come before a court in
Texas—their highest tribunal—and there had un-
dergone deliberate investigation, and the title af-
firmed by that court, and by a jury of their own
citizens ? Was it intended to have an effect upon
the minds of these defendants, to induce them to
abandon their defense or submit to a ruinous com-
promise? I do not pretend to say, but certainly
it has raised a dark cloud which hangs over this
whole transaction. Why was it that Judge Wat-
rous happened to come into the office of Judge
Hughes, and to meet League there, a prominent
actor in this Lapsley case? Why was it that
Judge Hughes happened to have a copy of that
testumentio ? Why was it that this judgment by
default, which settled nothing, perplexed Judge
Watrous? Why was it that Judge Hughes in-
sisted, with his colleagues, that they should make
no objection to this power of attorney or the con-
cessions? And why did Judge Hughes volunteer
to relieve Mr. Hale of his embarrassment in going
on with the case, by kindly lotting him have it?
I shall not denounce Judge Watrous because he
has thought proper to resist the efforts that have
been made to bring him to a trial at the bar of the
Senate. This is his right, and he must decide for
himself; but it seems to me that, after he has been
called upon by the Legislature of his own State
to resign; after this House has been appealed to,
again and again to impeach him; and after it is
evident that public confidcnce in his impartial
admimstiation of justicc is shaken to its foun-
dation, that he owes it to himself and to his good
name, that out of respect to the high office that
he holds and to the thousands who are interested
in the integrity of his court and its wholesome
influence, to seek no longer to avoid a trial. He
should either demand it or resign; for what avails
it that this House dismiss the complaints that ever
and anon are presented here ? Clamor still exists;
public confidence, so essential to the judiciary, is
not restored; the public mind is not quieted; and
itis evident that it will not be until he leaves the
bench or vindicates his innocence before the only
constituted tribunal appointed to decide in such
cases. If he is innocent, why not demand a trial?
If the spots upon his judicial robe have been scat-
tered there by malice and revenge, why not wash
them out, now and forever, by the emphatic ver
diet of " not guilty," pronounced by the highest
legal forum in the land? When that occurs, he
may then say, to employ the quotation he has
used at the close of his answer:
" These clouds will break, this storm will pass away,
And on the evening of his days, will sweet ,
Uuiet shed its sunset."
But until then, these clouds will lower over his
good name. Pie will be met by, at best, a con-
flicting public opinion; he will still halt before the
world with an unsatisfactory indorsement of his
innocence.
But it is for him to decide. I invoke no sur-
render of his constitutional rights; I do not beg
him to yield the tithe of a hair. He may, if he
will, battle every inch of the way this side of the
bar of the Senate. Nor do I ask his impeach-
ment to appease popular clamor; for, if I believed
that this proceeding had no other and better foun-
dation to rest upon than baseless clamor, I would
stand by him with all my firmness, with all my
zeal, and all my humble ability; for, while I am
fully impressed with the magnitude of the evils
and the calamities which a comapt judiciary may
inflict upon a community, I nevertheless enter-
tain an equal abhorrence of the prosecution of an
innocent man or an upright judge, whose inde-
pendent discharge of his duties may excite such
clamor.
It has been said by my learned friend from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] that probable cause is not
sufficient to justify an impeachment. In this I
i differ with him entirely; for I hold that as soon
' as this House has ascertained the existence of
probable cause it would be encroaching upon the
province of the Senate to go one step beyond it.
The Constitution of the United States provides
that the Senate shall have the sole power to try,
and this House the sole power to impeach. If
we advance one step beyond the ascertainment
and probable cause, we are plunged into the trial,
and we arc involved in the inconsistency of try-
ing a man without having power either to convict
or acquit him, and besides, we impose upon him
the burden of a double trial—a trial here and a
trial in the Senate. This House bears the same
relation in the premises to the Senate that a grand
jury does to a traverse or petit jury. A grand
jury is sworn diligently to inquire and true pre-
sentment make. This House must diligently in-
quire and true presentment make. It is true that
the body which indicts is not the same which
impeaches, and the body which tries an indict-
ment is not the same which tries an impeachment,
and the offense may not be the same, it is true
that ordinarily grand juries sit with closcd doors
and only hear the witnesses produced on the part
of the Government; while this House, as in the
present instance, in the exercise of its discretion,
jnay examine witnesses on both sides; but there
must be some boundary line marking the powers
of this House and the powers of the Senate, and
there is no line to be discerned except the ascer-
tainment of probable cause. The ground of ac-
tion, upon the pait of the grand jury and this
House must be the same, and that is the ascer-
tainment of probable cause. Such I understand
to have been the views entertained in the case of
Judge Peck^ and the case of Judge Chase, of
Macclesfield in 1705, in the case of Warren
Hastings m 1778, and of Lord Melville in 1805.
Probable cause is such a state of facts and cir-
cumstances as would induce a cautious man to
believe that the party charged is guilty of the
offense.
It is not, Mr. Speaker, a question with this
House whether Judge Watrous be guilty or not.
That is for the Senate. There may he other evi-
dence adduced than that which has been produced
before the'eommittee, which may be exculpatory
or criminatory. It is not a question with any
member of this House, whether he would convict
Judge Watrous upon the evidence produced be-
fore the committee;because if there be a rational,
well-founded doubt on his trial before the Senate,
he will have the benefit of that doubt. If it be
established, then it would be the duty of the
