THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,, D. C.'
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1858.
New Series,
Senate to acquit him, because a rational doubt
and guilt are inconsistent; but a rational doubt
and probable cause are not inconsistent. We
have nothing to do with the doubt. 3f a doubt
exists, thatdoubt is to be weighed and determined
by the Senate. In making this remark, however,
1 do not wish to be understood as admitting that
there is any doubt whatever.
There is one matter, Mr. Speaker, to which I
wish to call the attention of the House, and
which escaped me in the course of my previous
observations. It is a portion of the answer of
Judge Watrous. He says, (page 8 of the report:)
" I was juixiuu-j when it became nccespary to sue, that
the litigation should he had in thf courts of the State, and
inquired of Judge Hughes how much it would costto bring
the .suit's and commence the litigation in the State court. He
slated to me that.$200 would be enough, and I paid him that
amount for that puipose out of my own pocket, to insure
ihe certainty that the litigation I had not anticipated, but
which had now become necessary, should be had in the
courts of the State. I have been infoimed by Judge Hughes
that he did so bring the suits. But 3Ir. Lapslcy, who had
control of the matter by reason of the legal title, was un-
willing to trust the decision to the State courts, and wiehed
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States- and
directed the suit to be brought m the district court of the
United States at Galveston. About this movement I was
not consulted. Tt was done without my procurement or
consent; against my known and expressed wish."
It will be remembered that in the testimony of
James Love, which I have already quoted, that
Jud e Watrous came into his office when he was
ma king out tfte writs, saw them, and said that they
must go to another place to be tried, and made no
protest whatever. He goes on:
"The first I had to do with the litigation was when I
found the cases on the docket."
There is abundance of evidence to show that
this was not the first he had to do with the litiga-
tion. Lapslcy wrote to Hughes, directing Judge
Watrous to be consulted in regard to the institu-
tion of the suits. He vvas aware of the institution
of the suits in his court. And he says moreover,
after he learned that it became necessary to sue,
that he then caused suits to be brought m the
State court, at Waco. Tins was two years after
he was aware that the suits were brought in his
own court without any objection made by him.
He made no protest; and why was it that these
suits at Waco were brought at his instance 'Why
did he assume authority (which he says was
vested solely in Lapsley) to bring suits in the State
court at Waco? That matter originated here. At
that time there was an investigation into his offi-
cial conduct, before a committee of tins House,
on the application of Mr. Alexander, a lawyer of
Texas, and this matter incidentally came out.
Then it was for the fiisttime that Judge Watrous
became a prominent actor and took upon himself
to institute these suits in the State court at Waco,
which have never been tried or urged to a tual.
And for what purpose? To remove the impres-
sion that he had any hand m the business in his
own court.
There is also another matter to which I beg to
refer, and that is the charge made against Judge
Watrous, of having participated .improperly in
the procurement of testimony. It will lie recol-
lected that testimony was obtained at Saltillo im-
peaching the power of attorney—thnt of La Vega
and the custodian of the archives at Saltillo. After
this testimony was filed in the circuit court at
New Orleans, a copy was obtained by League,
who submitted it to Judge Watrous, and inquired
what he should do. Judge Watrous recommended
him to go to die partners in Alabama. He did
so, and he returned, and an arrangement was
made with JohnTreanor.a person connected with
the Cavnzos case, to go on to Sa'nllo. He went,
end after having paid, or agreed to pay, to Juan
Gonzales, the rpgidor, who is said to have au-
thenticated the teslimonio* the sum of $1,300, in-
demnifying him against all loss he might suller in
his business m bis tan-yard, and for all his ex-
penses. This man, nearly bhnd, is brought to
New Orleans to testily, unci he swears that he
only knows lus signature by the rubric. He tes-
tifies that the signature alone is his, but not the
body of the /csl'unonio, whereas Dr. Hewitson, of
Saltillojwho Judge Hughes some time before pro-
cured to prove the testimonio, and who was a suitor
in Judge Watrous's court at Galveston, swears
that the body of the instrument is in the hand-
writing of donzales, showing that he was better
acquainted with G-onzales's handwriting than he
was himself.
Now, it may be said that the effort to make this
man still blinder than he was is not a matter for
which Judge Watrous is answerable here. Per-
haps, independently of his connection with the
other transactions in this case, it would not be;
but is it nota part and parcel of the original busi-
ness that was concocted at Galveston, that was
matured atSelma, thrust through his court? and
all the misbehavior, all the misconduct that at-
tended this proceeding from the beginning, fol-
lows after Judge Watrous in hisjudicial capacity,
and for which I hold he is answerable here.
1 find that I have nearly exhausted my time,
and, therefore, will not now go to the other
branches of the case, leaving that to be noticed
by other gentlemen who are to follow me.
Mr. BRYAN. I wish to add a word or two to
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania has said,
by way of explanation of the testimonio, or power
of attorney, to which, he has alluded. By the
authority of him who went into the wilderness,
and there founded a nation, and left to that na-
tion a spotless reputation, he, Stephen P. Aus-
tin, was the purchaser of the three eleven-league
grants, the sale of which has been here impeached.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I have not expressed any
opinion of my own in reference to the validity of
that power of attorney. It may be valid, and it
may be a forgery. I have spoken to the evidence.
I have stated what was the evidence of Thorn.is de
la Vega, ono of the alleged parties to it. I have
stated what was the testimony off he custodian of
archives. I have no personal knowledge on the
subject, and consequently cannot pretend to give
an opinion, but merely present the evidence. I
suppose if there be any testimony on the other
side to rebut this, it will be presented.
Mr. BitYAN. As one of th* Representatives
of Texas, I state here that Stephen F. Austin has
siated, under his own hand, that he purchased
thethiee eleven-league grants, and that Samuel
M. Williams had full power of attorney to sell
them. As to the other conduct of Judge Watrous,
1 leave that to the House and the count! y to pass
upon. I make the statement I have made, that
it may accompany the declaration made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that this power of
attorney was a forgery.
Mr. TAPPAN. Mr. Speaker, as a member of
the judiciary Committee opposed to the impeach-
ment of Judge Watrous, I desire to present, in
reply to the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania. [Mr.
Chapman,] my views of the ease as briefly as pos-
sible, and to give the reasons which brought my
mind to the conclusions to which it has ccme. At
the outset I desire to say one word personal to
myself, especially as my character lor consist-
ency has been assailed by at l^a&t one press in
the State of Texas, because that, as a member of
the Judiciary Committee of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, I gave my assent to the impeachment
of Judge W atrous, while as a member of the same
committee m this Congress I sig-ied a repoit ex-
onerating hun. My explanation of that is, that
the proceedings on the subject be to re the J udiwiary
Committee of the Thirty-Fourth Cor.gtegs were
entirely e.vp-trte. Neither Judge Watrous nor pny
friend of Ins was before that committee. There
was nobody tlK-ro but Simon Mussina, the pros-
ecutor in this ease, who presented a hvge mass or
papers that were never examined by any member
of the committee, except, perhaps, by the gentle-
man who drew the report. But little attention
was given to the case by the committee, (und'for
the truth of that statement I appeal to members
of it who are now present,) while there wan a great
presstue upon them m favor of the prosecution.
There whs clamor on all sidt-s against Judge Wat-
roua. The proceedings, as 1 said, weie entirely
ex parte, and no man lifted his voice to defend the.
judge or to say one word in his favor. It^was
under these circumstances that the report of that
committee was made to the House. Perhaps I
was wrong in not giving the matter -more atten-
tion than I did; but I was a new member, and the
committee decided that they would not go into
any investigation or take any testimony.
But, sir, the Judiciary Committee of this Con-
gress pursued a very different, and, as I think,
the proper course. They decided to go fully into
the investigation. Testimony was taken on both
sides. A long and tedious examination was had.
Judge Watrous was permitted to comc in and de-'
fend his cause, and to produce witnesses. I con-
fess that, from the clamor that was raised at the
last Congress, and from what I had heard about
this case, I had imbibed a greatprejudice against
the judge. It was with some difficulty that I could
bring my own mind into such a condition as to
feel certain that I could weigh gi testimony fairly
and impartially. But I endeavored to do this; and
I must say that, whatever conclusion other gen-
tlemen may have arrived at on the testimony, I
can find no evidence of his guilt. I waited day-
after day, and week after week, and month after
month, for the evidence to substantiate the charges
that had been made against Judge Watrous, but
waited in vain. Other gentlemen may be satisfied
thatthe evidence sustains thechargesagainst him;
I am not. I therefore ask the House to give this
matter a candid and calm consideration, and not
tt> be carried away by any outside pressure, or
any clamor, whether coming from the State of
Texas or from other quartets. I believe that this
House sits not merely as a grand jury to find a
prima facie case against the judge, but to examine
the evidence adduced before them, aifd to say
whether or not, in their opinion, Judge Watrous
is guilty on the evidence. The House has some-
thing to do in this matter, as well as the Senate;
and it is for the House to say, in the first in-
stance, whether good cause has been shown for
an impeachment.
Let me here say another word in regard to the
clamor against Judge Watrous, and to the reso-
lutions passed by the Legislature of the State of
Texas. 1 was sorry, Mr. Speaker, to hear the
remarks of my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chapman] on that point. Every member of the
committee knows that Judge Watrous came be-
fore the committee with his witnesses, asking to
be allowed to explain the cause of this public
sentiment which seemed to be against him, and
of the passage of these resolutions by the Legis-
latino of the State of Texas; bat a majority of
the committee decided tliat Judge Watrous was
not to be affected by any town meeting impeach-
ments—tiiat the committee had nothing whatever
to do with that matter, and-that therefore Judge
Watrous was not to be permitted to explain how
these resolutions happened to pass. But yet the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chapman] has
made a point to-day on the passage of these very
resolutions. The clamor is still kept up; and
every friend who opens his mouth in behalf of
Judge Watrous is hunted from one end of the
land to the other. And the fact is, that the judge
and his friends say now that they can show that
the feeling m Texas is now favorable to the
judge; and that these resolutions grew out of the
fact or a decision made by him, and which touched
the pockets of a good manv people in Texas,
who nad gone there from other States to evade
payment of their debts. The decision was in a
case involving the construction to be given to the
statute of limitation of the State of Texas. What-
ever may be the character of the people of Texas
now, every one knows it to be a fact that that
State was settled, to a considerable extent, by per-
sons ft om other States, who went there to get nd
of the responsibility for their debts. A great
many went from the States of Mississippi and
Louisiana. Debtors went in there, and their
debts followed them; and the question soon arose
whether the statute of limitation protected them
or not. On the one hand it was contended in be-
half of the debtors who were sued in Judge Wat-
