1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
calculation) to begin with, and an annual appro-
priation or* upwards of $S,000,000 hereafter!
Mr. MAYNARD. Where does thegentleman
get his informal ion ?
Mr. LETCHER. From the very best and
most reliable source, the Pension Office, upon an
actual calculation made from the returns of the
militia. The gentleman will recollect that, under
the bill as it passed the House, the pensions are
to go back and begin in 1857. So that, if it be-
comes a law, you will have to malco an appropri-
ation to cover the pensions for three years to be-
gin with, amounting to the sum of a fraction over
$29,000,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is merely paying a just
debt, and I do not hesitate because it is large. So
much the greater reason for paying it.
Mr. LETC-HER. If we are paying a debt, is
it not a disgrace to this Government thatitstood
here and tendered bounty land when money was
due?
Mr. MAYNARD. I think so. The old sol-
diers have been here for years, making applica-
tion before Congress, and it is high time their
just claim was allowed.
Mr. LETCHER, NowtheTreasuryisempty,
and you have not money to apply to the purposes
of your pension bill. What do you propose to
do? You propose to cut ofF from the Govern-
mentthe publiclands ofthe country,and to divert
that source of revenue from the Treasury. Here
are sixty-two million acres of land surveyed and
open to preemption, and which is all that is sur-
veyed and m market. What do gentlemen pro-
pose to do ? Do they propose to advertise those
lands for public sale ? No, sir; but instead of that,
we have a measure passed through this House to
give free farms to everybody, and allow them to
go and occupy them; thus the value of that sixty-
two million acres is to be diverted from the Treas-
ury, so that the difference may be made up by a
• change of the tariff, and increased burdens upon
the industry of the country. Is this the sort of
legislation that meets the gentleman's approba-
tion? *
But let me go further. Take the French spoli-
ation bill. That bill passed here once. How was
it passed, and how, on the other day, when I
made my point of order about sending the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, because it contained an appropriation,
were parties divided? If I recollect, my friend
from Tennessee was on the other side.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman has not
studied my icoord as carefully as I hoped that he
had. I was with him on that occasion.
Mr. LETCHER. I will do the gentleman the
justice to say that he is a little better than I ex-
pected in that respect. [Laughter.] Let me go,
on. Here are three propositions. There are
others to which I might call attention, and show
how the vote was. I wish to call attention to the
vote on the homestead bill. There were for the
bill, thirty-seven Democrats, eighty-three Repub-
licans, and not one South American; and against
the bill, sixty-two Democrats, one Republican,
and thirteen South Americans—making, in a$,
one hundred and twenty to seventy-six. That is
upon a measure which withdraws from the con-
trol of the Federal Government a sourcc of rev-
enue which it might rely upon in future time, as
it has relied upon it in past time, for considerable
additions to the income ofthe Government.
Mr. CURTIS. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. Does the sale of lands ever go ahead
of the settlements ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir. If the sale of lands
had got ahead of the settlements we would never
have had a bill to give a farm to every man. It
is from that very fact that the sales of lands are
not ahead of the settlements.
Mr. CURTIS. The price of the lands that are
left'will be enhanced.
Mr. LETCHER. How much will be left to
sell after you give away these sixty-two million
acres ?
Mr. CURTIS. It is not supposed that the set-
tlers will take up all the public lands. If they
take a portion and cultivate that portion, the re-
maining portion will be enhanced in price.
Mr. LETCHER. Gentleman on that side have
alleged that they do not intend these lands shall
oe a source of revenue, and it strikes mcthat my
friend from Iowa entertains that doctrine.
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed for the
close of general debate has now arrived.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to ask the
gentleman from Virginia a question: was it not the
opinion of General jackson that the public lands
should cease to be a, sou ice of revenue?
Mr. LETCHER. But General Jackson never
dreamed of such expenditures then as wc have
now, or he would not have given that opinion.
[Laughter.] <
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
I propose to submit a few remarks in reference to
the expenditures for the support of the Army.
Gentlemen talk about expenditures in the mili-
tary department and of their magnitude, and in-
stitute a comparison between them at the present
time and preceding years. In that comparison
injustice is done to the War Department. Within
three or four years past, and at the present time,
we have placed under that Department the con-
struction of many new works. There has been
devolved upon the Secretary of War the con-
trol of putting up the extensive additions to this
Capitol. He has been intrusted, too, with the
construction of the aqueductfrom the Great Falls
to Washington, and the construction of the ad-
ditions to the Post Office Department. There is
the expense of the additions to the Capitol, some
four or five million dollars; nearly two and a half
million dollars for the building of the Washing-
ton aqueduct, and some three hundred thousand
dollars for the Post Office building; and yet
neither of these works is yet completed. The
money for their construction is charged to the
War Department, because that Department dis-
burses it; and yet they have no more connection
with the War Department than with the Navy
Department.
Therefore, those who institute a comparison
between the expenditures of the War Department
as now organized, and with the duties now de-
volving upon it, and the expenditures of the War
Department as organized before 1854, do not in-
stitute a fair comparison. Then you had but fif-
teen regiments, and three of them only mounted;
whereas, you now have nineteen regiments, and
five of them mounted and in the field. ' Then the
number of your enlisted men was nine thousand;
I and now, by the last returns, it is a little short of
: seventeen thousand. The addition to the number
J of regiments, the larger number of mounted regi-
ments, and the greater number of privates, have
all gone to swell the expenditures ofthe Depart-
ment. Yet, it was demanded at the last session,
as the imperative duty of Congress, to increase
the Army by adding four new regiments. They
were not merely for the exigencies of the Mor-
mon war, but were to be added permanently to
our military establishment.
At the last session of Congress, the Secretary
of War, and the Committee on Military Affairs,
recommended an addition to be made to the per-
manent forcc of the Army; but Congress refused
to act favorably on that recommendation.
The pay of the enlisted men ofthe Army was,
prior to 1854, seven and eight dollars per month.
By the act of 4th August, 1854, the pay of the
rank and file of the Army was increased four dol-
lars per month. That added to the cost of the
Army, §787,000 a year. By the act of 21st Feb-
ruary, 1857, the pay of the commissioned officers
was increased twenty dollars per month. The
Army Register for 1859, shows that wc have one
thousand and eighty-four commissioned officers;
and this increase of their pay adds to the annual
cost of the Army $260,100. The same act au-
thorized the officers of the Army to commute their
rations for subsistence at thirty cents per ration—
fifty per cent, higher than under the former law.
This adds to the annual expenditure $332,811.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether this increase of commutation does
not only apply to the officers who do commute?
and whether, in truth, the ration does not cost
the Government more than twenty cents? and
whether that change in the law was not intended
as an indirect mode of increasing the compensa-
tion of the officers of the Army, and leaving the
rank and file without any benefit ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My answer to the
gentleman from Alabama is in the affirmative.
Every one knows that the officer of the Army
draws the commutation price of his ration, and
does not draw his ration, unless when he is serv-
ing in the field. The commutation price of his
ration is paid to him as regularly as his month's
pay; and its increase was intended as an increase
of his pay. "I felt myself constrained to vote
against it. I was willing to have the pay of the
officer increased, but not his commutation for
lations. The latter entails on the Government a
heavier expense, by more than fifty thousand dol-
lars a year, than does the former.
By the act of 3d March, 1855, four new regi-
ments were added to the Army—two of cavalry
and two of infantry; and I have prepared an esti-
mate of the additional annual charge thereby en-
tailed upon the Government.
The following table will show the additional
charge on the Treasury by virtue of the acts to
which I have referred:
By the act of 4th August, 1854,the pav of the rank and file
of the Atmv i.> i.itieased .5-1 per month. The report of
the. AdjuMnt (JeneMi for 18~>S shows total number of en-
listed men. 16.309, at £ipei mouth  $787,152 00
By act 2Jst Febtuarv, 1^57, the pay ot each
commissioned office) u increased .^20 per
month. The Army Regietei for 1859 shows
total number of commissioned offieeis,
1,084, at,«20pei month  260,160 00
By the tame act, the commutation pi ice of the
ration is fixed at 30 ccnts per ration, being
an increase of  332,8X1 50
$1,380,123 50
The act of 3d March, 1855, created
two regiments of cavalry and two regi-
ments of infantry.
Two Regiments Cavalry :
Pay $322,512 00
Subsistence, officers  39.858 00
Forage, ofliceis  14.20* 00
Clothing, officers' seivants  2.340 00
Subsistence. 1,710 men  156,037 50
Fotage, 1,710 horses  167,580 00
Clothing, 1,710 men  83,347 00
C'o^t of mounting legiments,
$273,600; annual co>t of keep-
ing them mounted  68.400 00
Camp and gairison equipage and
contingencies  25,080 00
Proportionate part expenses of
rectuiting, regular supplies,
and incidental expense quar-
termaster "s depai tine nt.trans-
portation of officers' baggage,
transportation of tioop*< and
supplies, contingencies ofthe
Army, and medical and hos-
pital depaitinent  658.104 00
Two Regiments Infantry :
Pay  $290,328 00
Sul)M«teneo, officers  3S,763 00
Foiago.offi^ei.s  2.HS0 00
Clothing, officeis' servants  2,280 00
Subsistence, 1.688 men  154,030 00
Clothing, 1.688 men   79,172 00
Camp and gairinon equipage and
contingencies  25,080 00
Pioportionate part expenses of
leciuiting, regular supplies,
and incidental expenses quar-
termaster's department,tians-
poitatiou of officers' baggage,
transportation troops and sup-
plies, contingencies of the
Ann}', and medical and hos-
pital department  658,101 00
1,037,466 50
1,250,637 00
Subject to the following deductions:
Fortwoiegimentsofeavalry. 1.710 men ; and
two regi ments of infantry, 1,688 men ; at .^4
per month * §163,104 00
Increased pay for officers of two
leguncnts of cavaliy and two
regiments ot infantry, 136 at $20
per month  32,640 00
Increased commutation ofsub&ist-
ence lor officers  26,207 00
4,168,227 00
221,951 00
#3,946.276 00
The deductions here made are because those
expenditures have been twice estimated for in the
foregoing table
Thus, I show that by virtue of the several acts
of Congress to which I refer, the annual expend-
iture of the Army has been increased nearly four.
mtMion dollars.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask thegen-
tleman from Missouri, whether he can give us
the exact amount of the increase of the pay of
the officers and men of the Army, within the last
eight years.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes. The in-
creased annual pay of the rank and fcie under the
act of 4th August, 1854, is $787,152. The in-
