18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
rous's court, that-the statute of limitation com-
menced running at the time the defots feH due; and
if that view had been maintained by the judge,
they would have evaded the payment of their
debts. On the other hand, it was contended that
the statute ran only from the time when the par-
ties came under the jurisdiction of the court of
Texas. And this was the view that Judge Wat-
rous, as an able and sound lawyer, was obliged
to take, however much it might run contrary to
the public opinion of the State of Texas. This
was the decision that he made in the case of
Union Bank vs. Stafford, a party who had gone
into Texas from Louisiana, owing large debts;
and it is proper to say that that question was car-
ried to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and that the opinion of Judge Watrous was sus-
tained by that tribunal.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him at this point?
Mr. TAPPAN. I prefer notto yield. I have
a great deal to say, and very little time to say it
in. Out of this, as I understand from the testi-
mony, grew the resolutions of the State of Texas.
Another question arose in reference to his decis-
ion as to the titles in the littoral leagues, which
I need not go ijuo, but which was against the
public prejudice afid the public opinion of the
State of Texas. That ease, too, has been car-
ried to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and the decision of Judge Watrous has been sus-
tained.
Mr. REAGAN. I must protest against the use
of facts which were not before the committee, and
are not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire declines to yield ihe floor. The gen-
tleman from Texas will probably have an oppor-
tunity to reply before the debate closes.
Mr. TAPPAN. What did the gentleman from
Texas
say :
I did not hear him.
Mr. REAGAN. I was objecting to the intro-
duction of an argument based upon facts which
were not«in evidence before the committee.
Mr. TAPPAN. If the gentleman from Texas
will examine the testimony of Judge Hughes he
will find the decision of Judge Watrous in re-
gard to the statute of limitation there referred to
and explained. But whether that be so or not, I
am justified in alluding to these matters from the
fact that they have been alluded to by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chapman.]
And now, Mr. Speaker, I propose somewhat
in detail to reply to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania in reference to the various points that iie
has made. I find that his speech to-day is but a
reiteration, in the mam, of the report of that
branch of the committee who favor the impeach-
ment of Judge Watrous, and I shall, therefore,
confine myself principally to the line of argu-
ment which I had proposed to adopt upon that
report.
I propose, in the first place, to confine myself
to an examination of the charges growing out of
the Spencer memorial. Let us see, at the outset,
what those charges are.
Mr. Spencer, in his memorial, which was
drawn by Simon Mussina, who i3 the active
prosecutor of these proceedings against Judge
Watrous, charges that Judge Watrous, while he
was the sole presiding judge of the Federal court
in the State of Texas, made the purchase of, or
acquired an interest in, a certain eleven-league
grant of land, with the understanding and inten-
tion of litigating and determining the validity of
said eleven-league grant in the Federal court of
Texas, of which he was the sole presiding judge.
That the said John C. Watrous, judge as afore-
said, counseled and procured the entire apparent
legal title to be made to a non-resident of the State
ofTexas, (Mr. Lapsiey,) thereby to confer ju-
risdiction on the Federal court 111 Texas to hear
and determine any suit that might be brought to
test the validity of said eleven-league grant. Or,
in other words, the charge is that Judge Wat-
rous purchased land, the title to which he knew
was in dispute; and so managed and conducted
the matter as to bring his own cause, in his own
court, before himself as sole presiding judge, for
trial and adjudication!
This is the broad charge against Judge Wat-
rous; and, if sustained, ought not merely to sub-
ject him to impeachment, but should consign his
ngme arid memory to perpetual infamy!
But if there has been an entire failure to make |
out the charge by proof, it is not the first time
that the actual demonstration has fallen far short |
of the high-sounding manifesto! ^ j
There is no pretense from any source, that this :
charge has been made out by the proof. There is .
no scintilla of evidence even tending to prove that ]
Judge Watrous ever contemplated sittingasjudge j
in his own cause! Even Simon Mussina, who j
drew the memorial, himselfadisappointed litigant ■
in Judge Watrous's court, and who has pursued 1
the judge with indefatigable zeal and pertinacity, j
not to say bitterness, swears that he has no 1
knowledge of the truth of the charges contained in
this memorial. The evidence is all the other way;
and, as I shaU show hereafter, when, contrary .
to Judge Watrous's expectations and wishes, a ;
suit did find its way into his court, he took the ;
earliest opportunity to disclose his interest, and :
made no order or ruling in the case, save only the ;
one he was obliged by law to make, and that was !
to remove it to the nearest circuit out of the State \
of Texas for trial. j
That portion of the Judiciary Committee who ,
recommend an impeachment, do not pretend i
that the object of Judge Watrous was to get the
question into his own court that he might sit as
judge in his own cause, or that there has been
any evidence adduced showing that such was his ;
intention. j
But the findings of that portion of the commit- j
tee against Judge Watrous, are as follows: j
1. " That while holding the office of district judse of the >
United State*, lie engaged with other poisons in speculat- I
mg in immense tiacts of land situated within his judicial |
district, the titles to which ho knew weie in dispute, and '
when litigation was inevitable. !
'2. " That he allowed his court to be used as an agent 1
to aid himself and partners m speculation in lands, and to ,
seeuie an advantage over other persons with whom htiga- -
tion was apprehended. ;
3. " Th.it he sat as judge on the trial of cases where he \
was personally interested in questions involved, to which ,
may be added a participation in the improper procure- |
ment of testimony to advance his own and pai titers' in- j
teiebt." j
Although, as it seems to me, in the process of :
reasoning adopted by my colleagues on the com- !
mittee, inferences the most unjust have been
diawn from the testimony, and the most unfa-
vorable constiuctions placed upon every part of i
it, these are the conclusions to which they arrive
—very much modified and softened, as it will be j
seen from the original charges set forth in Spen- j
cer's memorial. I
And these propositions of the committee, Mr. ■
Speaker, I propose to examine in the light of the j
testimony which is now before the Jilouse. .
Now, as to the first proposition of the com-
mittee, that Judjrc Watrous engaged in a land
speculation in his district, the titles to which land
he knew weie in dispute, and that litigation was
inevitable. Taking it for granted that this pro-
position is tine, and proved by the evidence, I
deny that it constitutes any such " high crime"
or " misdemeanor" as ought to subject a judge to ,
impeachment. The maintenance of any such doc-
trine would wholly preclude a judge of any court
whatever from purchasing land, where by any j
possibility the title might come m dispute. The i
committee themselves, in their report say: j
" That Judge Watrous had a light to puiclm«e and sell
lands none will dispute. l>y being piomoted to the bench, ,
ho lost none of his rights as a citizen ofTexas." i
But say the committee, the " the title was in :
dispute, and litigation was inevitable," therefore ;
the judge had no right to enter into the purchase, ;
and having done so, is a " criminal" to be pun- I
ished by impeachment, and his name handed ,
down to posterity as infamous ! i
But suppose, for the sake of the argument, that '
Judge Watrous, being perfectly satisfied that the .
legal title to the land he was about to purchase
was good, actually did know that persons had
squatted upon it without right, who might occa- ,
sion litigation in regard to it. Must he be com- i
pelled to stand aloof from the purchase for any ,
such reason as this, under penalty of an im- i
peachment? And yet that is all there is in this!
case. The title to the land was really beyond !
question. If had been settled by the Texas courts,
and Judge Watrous knew it. Spencer and the
others were mere squatters upon the land, with-
out right or title; and this point has been so de-
termined by the highest courts in the country—
the circuit court at New Orleans, and finally by
the Supreme Courtof the United States at Wash-
ington.
Will it be contended that a judge in the State
ofTexas, or in any other State, cannot purchase
his neighbor's farm, the title to which he has
good reason to believe is perfect, because he hap-
pens to know that some persons have wrongfully
entered upon it, and litigation may become neces-
sary in order to remove them ? And yet, Judge
Watrous has done nothing more than this, even
admitting that the fact is as the committee state.
But I deny most emphatically that Judge Wat-
rous knew that " litigation was inevitable," or
that the proof fairly sustains this charge. On the
contrary, the evidence is that the whole subject
of the purchase or speculation was brought inci-
dentally to his notice, without any deep-laid plot
or scheme to have any questions that might arise
tried in onecourtoranother. When first brought
to Judge Watrous's notice, it appeared that if the
trade could be effected something handsome must
inevitably be made out of it; for, in relation to a
considerable portion of the tract, there were no
adverse claimants, and the original title not only
appeared to be undoubted, but there was also a
cumulative title, growing out of head-usht cer-
tificates which had been purchased in, and which,
to this large portion of the tract, made the title
wholly beyond dispute or question. Qn looking
into itfuither, Judge Watrous also «?sccrtained
that the main question as to the title, if any should
by possibility arise, would be settled in the su-
premo court of Texas in the case of Hancock and
McIOnney, (7 Texas Reports,) in which Judge
Watrous's brother was interested. And the
whole tenor of the testimony goes to show that
Judge Watrous, from the beginning, wished and
expected, if any litigation should Hfrise, that it
might be had in the Texas courts. And why
should he not desire that the litigation should be
there? It was most manifestly for his interest
that it should be, for it is not controverted that
the questions, as to this or similar titles, were
before the Texas courts, and would be settled
favorably to the title.
"Now, Mr. Speaker, let us look at the testimony
bearing upon this point. The circumstances at-
tending its purchase, and the bringing of Judge
Watrous into it, are detailed by Mr. League.
(See his testimony from page 197 to page 200, in-
clusive.) And here it is proper to remark that
there has been no attempt to impeach Mr. League,
or to cast a shadow of suspicion upon the truth
of his statements. His appearance before the com-
mittee was that of an honest, straight-forward,
ami truthful man.
It appears that Mr. League, in the first place,
bargained for the land with Jacob D. Cordover,
agent of Mrs. St. John, on his sole account, and
had three months to pay for the same in cash. At
this time he saw two or three persons who were
claiming adversely, by " location under head-
right certificates, or soldier's claims." One of
these, Mr. Benton, told League, that he intended
to "raise his certificate," that is, "take it off the
land and locate it elsewhere." And from what
he learned from these persons who were upon the
land, he says he "did not suppose there would be
any difficulty,and did notexpectany litigation."
At page 199, Mr. League goes on to say:
" I had three mouths to make the payment of the money
in; I was lookiug round to see where I could raise the
money, i went into Judge Watrous's loom. He was living
elo-e by niv dwelling. I spoke at the timeahout my having
a fine opportunity to in.ike some money—that is, to make a
speculation if I could iaise the money. Mr. Shearer was
in the mom, i think, at the same time, f said that I knew of
a fine tract of hind that! behoved would become very valu-
able ; that there was a great man} certificates located upon
it. Undei any eiieumstances, I believed a foitune could be
made out of if, and 1 caid that I wanted to raise $7,0()0 —
between six and M'veti thousand doil.ns. Theie were cer-
tificates Joc.ited upon the laud belonging to ihe same parly,
and weie t-old with the Jand;theie weie tome ten oi twelve
thousand aciet. 1 liavo the ceitificatesm my pockct. It was
cumulative oi double title. Between tea and twelve thou-
sand acres of the laud could not be lost.
'•I was in the room speaking or' die matter, and I said
further that f was ahaid that F could no' possibly rai^e the
money. Judge Watious said, 'What is that you say?' I
thmk I was speaking to Mr. Shearei at the time. I recap-
itulated what I had suid. He said, then, 'Ned, I think
those men m Alabama would go into that; your brother
talked about making some purchase. From tiiat, one thing
led to another."
The result was that Mr. Shearer was induced
to write to his brother-in-law, Mr. Price; and Mr.
Lapsiey, Pluttenburg, Frow, and Price, of Ala-
