1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bama, advancing the money, became the owners
of one half of the land, and Mr. League and
Judge Watrous the other. Mr. League states
that he save Judge Watrous one half.of his half
for making the negotiation for him and bringing
him in contact with the Alabama gentlemen.
This was the way in which Judge Watrous
first became interested in the purchase; and it
gfces strongly to show that there was no purpose
or intention of doing anything wrong, or any de-
sign to vest the title in persons out of the State,
merely that the litigation might be ha#in his own
court.
Nor is there any evidence that goes to prove
that either-of these parties supposed that the title
wa3>sofarin "dispute" as to render "litigation
inevitable."
The testimony of Mr. Lapsley shows that he
went ;nto the purchase of the land anticipating
litigation as probable, although he states that he
" did not know but that the squatters might give
up the land; if not, he intended to sue them,"
(page 129.) He gave his instruction to his coun-
sel, Judge Hughes, and Judge Watrous had noth-
ing to do with it. All parties seemed to have the
utmost confidence in Judge Hughes; for, as area!
estate lawyer, he stood deservedly at the head of
his profession m Texas. Mr. Lapsley preferred
to have the suits brought in the Federal court on
account of the prejudice which he understood ex-
isted in Texas against claims of this character.
During the negotiations in Selma, Alabama,
Judge'Watrous was present a part of the time,
but took no part in the discussion as to the title.
The testimony, as I have said, shows that Laps-
ley may have contemplated a suit in the Federal
court, but there is nothing to show that Watrous
had any connection with such a purpose. On the
contrary, he always wished the litigation, if any
was necessary, to be had in the State courts.
(League's testimony, 214.)
The suits were brought in the Federal court
against the expressed wish of Judge Watrous,
and without his knowledge. On this point, the
testimony is abundant and clear.
But, Mr. Speaker, whether Judge Watrous had
knowledge of this fact or not, in my judgment,
makes no difference. If the original purchase of
the land by the judge was right or proper—if he
went into it in good faith, in the hope merely that
he might by the speculation better his embarrassed
circumstances, believing that there would be no
protracted litigation in the case, as I think the
evidence clearly shows he did believe, and with-
out any design of improperly using his own court
to advance his own private interest—then, I say,
if subsequently litigation, contrary to his expecta-
tion, did aiise, he had a right to direct and advise
in regard to it, and m so advising has done noth-
ing worthy of death or bonds!
Mr. Speaker, I go further even than this, and
I believe the House and the country will sustain
me in the position. If, as I think it will, upon a
full and impartial examination of the evidence, it
should turn out that Judge Watrous, learning
incidentally of this opportunity to purchase this
tract of land, and theioby legitimately make some
money by the operation—having good reason to
believe that the case of Hancock and McKinney,
and other cases in the Texas courts, would settle
the question of title, if any such questions should
arise—he would not be compelled to forego the
purchase, even though in order to raise the money
lie might be obliged to apply to friends residing
without the State of Texas. He did so apply.
Mr. Lapsley, and other gentlemen of Selma, Ala-
bama, where Judge Watrous had formerly re-
sided, and who were his personal fiiends, were
brought into the purchase. There was nothing
wrong or improper m all this; there was nothing
improper in vesting, for convenience, the legal
title in Mr. Lapsley, provided that there was no
intention on she part of an'y of them to use the
position of Judge Watrous to advance their own
interest. And if Mr. Lapsley afterwards found
it necessary, or m any way preferred to institute
proceedings in the courts of the United States, he
only did what he had a right to do; he only ex-
ercised a right which the Constitution and the
laws give him.
And here it is proper that I should remark that
Mr. Lapsley, and the other gentlemen in Alabama
interested in this purchase, are all men of irre-
proachable character. On this point I appeal to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, him-
self a citizen of that State; and I challenge con-
tradiction from any source. These gentlemen
have been examined before the committee, and
never, in my judgment, did witnesses, on any
stand, in any case, appear to better advantage. It
is absurd to suppose that men of ordinary com-
mon sense—lawyers, to say nothing of men stand-
ing as high in the community as do Mr. Lapsley,
and the others—would, in broad daylight, go into
this purchase with Judge Watrous—his interest
in the land being known to so many—with the
view and intention of having him, as judge, sit in
the trial of his own cause; orat least make rulings
and decisions in the progress of it which would
subject him to impeachment, and brand them as
villains forever! Mr. Speaker, they have done
no such thing. Judge Watrous has done noth-
ing of the kind, and, as I solemnly believe, comes
out. of this ordeal without even the smell of fire
upon his garments. Yet such is the charge, which
I think the House will find has been wholly dis-
proved by the testimony.
Mr. Speaker, without imputing improper mo-
tives to any one, it has seemed to me, that in cer-
tain quarters the worst possible motives have
been attributed to the persons interested in this
purchase or speculation; and that through the
clamor which has been brought to bear more or
less in the investigation of this case, the guilt of
the judge lias been assumed in advance. I con-
fess myself to the influence which this outside
pressuie at first, before I heard the evidence, had
upon my own mind. In the ex pen te proceedings
which took place before the Judiciary Committee
of the last Congress, I imbibed a strong prejudice
against Judge Watrous, which! found it difficult
to rid myself of when the examination commenced
in the present Congress. Butl have endeavored
to weigh the evidence fairly and impartially; and
in its application to the charges against the judge,
have acted upon the assumption of his innocence
until he should be proved guilty. For myself, I
have waited in vain for the proof. Other gentle-
men may sec it—I cannot.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how does the case stand
upon these charges of speculating in land where
" litigation was inevitable," and of allowing his
own court—for this is the second specification of
the committee—to be used to aid himself and part-
ners in securing an advantage over other persons
with whom litigation was apprehended? A pur-
chase of land is proposed to a judge—I presume
it will not be pretended tliat he had not a right to
purchase land, my colleagues on the committee
do not pretend it; it is a right which he has in
common with every citizen, and I shall not take
the trouble to argue a proposition so entirely self-
evident—he asks about the title, and is told that
Judge Hughes has examined it and pronounced
it good; with that the judge is satisfied, and does
not examine it himself. He has not been shown
by the testimony to have read a single title paper
in the cause. He inquired of Mr. League as to
the situation of the land, and was told that there
would probably be no litigation about it. Judge
Watrous remarked:
"If, contrary to expectation, there should be litigation
upon the Title, we had bettor go into the State court1?, for
there is a ca^e pending thete in which I am niteiested by a
puichase made before 1 went upon the bench, which will
settle the title to all that ela.-s of claim* ; it will be decided
in our favoi. and we shall be ceitam to succeed m the State
COlilt."
This conversation, League said, occurred in
Galveston, after he returned from examining the
laud, in June, 3850. And the testimony shows
that he repeatedly expressed his desire that the
suits, if any were to be brought, should be insti-
tuted in the State courts. This conversation was
repeated on the steamer, when Mr. League and
the judae were on their way to the North; it was
repeated at Selma to Mr. League, and_ there is
nothing m the testimony that contradicts this
statement.
But it js charged that Judge Watrous "allowed
his court to be used" to aid himself and paitners
in the speculation. Buthow and in what way did
he allow his court to be used for any such pur-
pose? The fact that Judge Watrous was inter-
ested in the purchase, was no reason why Air.
Lapsley might not bring his suit there if he de-
sired. If he preferred to bring it in the Federal
court, rather than the State courts of Texas, the
only'way he could do so was to commence pro-
ceedings in the district court, and then haye the
cause removed formal agreeably to. the provisions
of law in such cases made and provided. When
the suits were commenced in tn§ FederaJcoyrt,
Judge Watrous was absent at the,North, and it;
was done without any conference withJiim* and
without his knowledge* Upon this point thg tes-
timony is distinctand clear.' (SeeJudge ,Hugh"!s*s
testimony, page 39.)
Mr. League states that, when the judge learned
that the suits were brought in his court, he ex-
pressed his dissatisfaction in strong terms. When
the cases were reached upon the docket, Judge
Watrous refused to have anything to do with
them, on account of his interest, which he then
disclosed. He did not conceal his interest,as the
memorial asserts, but, on the contrary, made it
known at the earliest possible opportunity, as is
proved not only by the testimony of numerous-
witnesses, but by the records of the court^which
were produced before the committee. An agree-
ment was made by the counsel for the parties to
substitute some member of the bar to try the case,
in place of Judge Watrous. Why this agreement}
if his interest was not well understood by all con-
cerned? The suits were commenced by Lapsley
in January, 1851, and this agreement was made
at the Apiil or May term, 1851, showing that at
that early day Judge Watrous had disclosed his
interest. At the January term, 1852, the cases
were removed to Austin, by the agreement of
counsel, and in 1854 were transferred to New Or-
leans for trial, by the order of the judge, upon the
plaintiff's motion. This was the only order made
in the cases by Judge Watrous, and one that he
was compelled to make by law. In 1852, finding
that his purchase of the land was objected to,
Judge Watrous procured the commencement of
suits in the State courts, according to his original
desire, at the expense of $200 to himself, in the
hope that Mr. Lapsley would consent to try them,
instead of those in the Federal courts; but Mr.
Lapsley refused to do so, and insisted on his right
to have them tried in the Federal courts. (See
Hughes's testimony, page 44.)
How, then, does it appear that Judge Watrous
allowed his court to be used-improperly to ad-
vance his own interest, or that anything was done
that was not proper and lawful ? And how does
the case stand at this point upon the testimony?
It is the purchase of a part interest in a tract of
land by Judge Watrous, in connection with gen-
tlemen of the State of Alabama, of the very high-
est respectability, and Mr. League, of Texas, of
equal respectability and standing. The contract
is offered to the Alabama gentlemen on account
of their ability to furnish the necessary funds.
The contract is fair and bona fide, and Mr. Laps-
ley states that he and his associates would have
gone into no other. There was no concealment
even spoken of in the case, and there was no need
of any. It was executed in a public room, writ-
ten by Mr. Lapsley's clerk, and witnessed by
Mr. Edwin Shearer, who made it a subject of
conversation with the clerks, marshals, &c.,.in
Galveston, at the time of the issuance of the writs.
It was talked of by Judge Watrous during the
summer of 1850, to his friend, Major Holman,
in New York and Philadelphia. Where, then, is
the evidence of concealment or unfairness m this
transaction? .The testimony does not show it.
Will you visit with the terrors of an impeach-
ment a judge for exercising the right common
to every citizen—the right to purchase land?
It comes at last to this, for the testimony dis-
closes nothing else. Ail that was afterwards
done—the bringing of Mr. Lapsley and the others
into the purchase, the institution of the suits in the
Federal courts, the removal of the same to New
Orleans for trial, follows as a necessary incident to
the exercise of this right, unless something else
has been done which cannot be defended. What
are the facts? It is said that Judge Watrous cou--
cealed his interest; but, as has been shown, when
the judge reached the first of the Lapsley cases,
he announced his inability to try them, and re-
fused positively and peremptorily to make any
orders m them—upon this point the testimony is
abundantand clear. Jones, Hughes, Love, Cleve-
land, and the records of the court at the January
term, 1852, leave no doubt on this important point.
By agreement between the counsel, the cases were
continued, and by an agreement in open court they
were transferred to Austin for trial. There was
