1859.
the congressional globe.
Ii#t
creased pay of the commissioned officers under
the act of 21st February, 1857, is'&260,160 ; and
the increased commutation of the officers' rations
amounts to $333,811* These three items show
the increase of pay—independently of the expense
of the four new regiments, except the monthly
pay of the soldiers and increased pay of the of-
ficers—to be $1,380,121. The annual expenseon
account of the organization of the two regiments
of infantry, is $1,250,637. Cut, this aggregate
amount is subject to a deduction for the increase
of pay of four dollars a month and the increased
monthly pay of the ofHccrand the commutation
price of his rations, which I have already esti-
mated, of $221,951; leaving as the annual cost of
these four new regiments, the increased pay of
the rank and file of the Army, and the increased
pay of officers and commutation of their rations
of #3,946,276. Those three acts of Congress to
which 1 have referred, have then imposed an
additional burden on the Treasury, of nearly
$4,00U,000 per annum.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ascertain from
my friend from Missouri, whether or not the
same amount of increased pay that was given to
the other officers of the Army, was also given to
the officers of the two new regiments of infantry,
and the two new regiments of mounted men, and
if so, how much the increased pay of these fo.ur
regimentsamounts to?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The act of 1854
provided that, fiom and after that date, the pay of
the rank and file of the Army should" be increased
four dollars per month. The act of 1857 provided
for an increase of pay to ail the officers of the
Army, and embraced the officers of the four new
regiments, as well as those of the fifteen old regi-
ments.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I want to know what is
the amount of the increased pay of the four new
regiments ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have already
given the total charge upon the Treasury, in con-
sequence of the addition of four dollars per month
to the pay of the rank and file of the Army. The
Armyis now organized with 16,399 enlisted men,
which gives as the total of increased pay of the
rank and file, $787,153. The act of February 21,
1857, increasing the pay of the officers, embraces
the officeis of the four new regiments as well as
those of the fifteen old regiments, and the total
amount of monthly pay is $260,160, and of in-
crease of price of rations is §332,811 50.
Mr. Chairman, when the estimates for the sup-
port and maintenance of the Army were submit-
ted to us, at the commencement of this session,
we were informed by the Secretary of War that
no reduction could be made in them. He trans-
mitted the estimates of the Cluartermaster Gen-
eral, and that officer had based his estimates of
the expenditures in his department upon the sup-
posed movements of the troops during the next
fiscal year, and the stations where they might be
placed. After all, the estimates for the transpor-
tation of the Army are conjectural. Something
may occur upon the frontier, or in the Indian
country, which may render it necessary to re-
move a portion of the force from the place where
it is now stationed, to some distant point, for the
purpose of suppressing Indian or other disturb-
ances. Such was the case last year, when it was
found necessary to remove nearly all of the troops
upon the Gulf and upon the Atlantic border, and
place them on the western frontier, with orders
to take up their lino of march to the Territory of
Utah. And afterwards, when the Mormons prom-
ised submission and obedience to the laws, and
it was found that the whole force would not be
needed in that Terntory, it became nocessary, m
consequence of the disturbances in the Ten itory of
"Washington, and on the borders of the now State
of Oregon, to send some troops there to aid m sup-
pressing the Indian war then being waged in that
country.
When the estimates for the transportation of
the Army were submitted, it was known to the
country that a war had broken out in the Tetri-
rifory of New Mexico, and that the Navajo In-
dians had become hostile. Those Indians who
are inhabiting the country one hundred and firry
miles and more west of the Rio Grande, had for
years been engaged m plundering the citizens of
the United States, of Mexican origin, residing in
that Territory. These preikuory hostilities broke !
out into open warfare in the month of September
last. This information was in possession of the
Government at the time the estimates were sub-
mitted, and I know that the estimates were based
on the reasonable expectation that the hostilities
would continue in the Territory of New Mexico
to and during the next fiscal year. This tribe of
Navajos is capable of bringing into the field three
thousand mounted warriors; but information has
reached us within a few days past that, in con-
sequence of the energetic movements made by the
officer in command of that military department,
those hostilities had been brought to a close,.and
articles of agreement for a peace had been con-
cluded between the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, who accompanied the officer in command of
that department to the Navajo country, and the
Indians, and those articles of peace, or terms of
submission, have already been received at the
Department of the Interior.
I have heard it remarked that the Committee
on Military Affairs propose some retrenchments
in the bill as reported by the Committee of W&ys
and Means. If reduction of the expenditures can
be properly made, I shall be very glad to have
them made, and I will cooperate with that com-
mittee in making them. Rut I desire to know
whether the Secretary of War recommends any
reduction in these expenditures. I desire to be
informed by the Committee on Military Affairs,
whether the Secretary of War recommends any
reduction of the expenditures; or, in other words,
whether he is willing to reduce his estimates, and
is of opinion that reductions can be made without
detriment to the pubiic service. And I request
any gentleman upon the Committee on Military
Affairs to give me this information if they are in
possession of it. •
Mr. FAULKNER. As the gentleman from
Missouri pauses for a reply, 1 will say to him that
a communication was, a few days ago, transmit-
ted by the Secretary of War to the Committee on
Military Affairs, in which he indicated one item
in the Army appropriation bill, to wit, tranporta-
tion, in which a specific reduction could be made.
That ieduction, however, it may be proper to say,
had previously been determined upon, fromacon-
ference which I had had with the Quartermaster
General. He also indicated another item, that of
forage, in which a reduction might be made, and
assured us of his sincere cooperation with us in
all proper reductions. It is my purpose, as the
organ of that committee, in the progress of this
bill, and when the several sections are up for con-
sideration, to indicate such reductions as, in our
judgment, may properly be made in the bill.
Gentlemen will hear from that committee when
those sections aie read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If I understand
the statement of the gentleman from Virginia, it
is this: that the Committee on Military Affairs,
in their committee room, have reduced the esti-
mates of appropriation as contained in the Army
appropriation bill; that they have determined to
recommend to this House that certain reductions
should be made; that after that committee had
arrived at that determination, the Secretary of
War sent to that committee a communication, in
which he concurs in the recommendations de-
termined upon by the committee in reference to a
few items. Then, if £hc Secretary of War enter-
tained an opinion that a reduction of appropria-
tions could be made, why did he not communi-
cate it to the House of Representatives through
its Speaker? Why, I ask, has he not communi-
cated to Congress the fact, that we might reduce j
the appropriations which it is proposed shall be ]
reduced ? Is n not his duty as a vigilant officer ;
toguardagamstextravagantappropriations? And ;
yet we were told at the commencement of this 1
session, that the estimates of appropriations were
reduced by the heads of Departments to the lowest ;
possible limits consistent wnh the public sci vice. '
Mr. FAULKNER. Injustice to the Secretary j
of War, it is due from me to say that he was, no '
doubt, aware that the Committee on Military Af- :
fairs were engaged in this examination of the j
Aimy appropriation bill; and it was for that rea- '
son that iie transmitted to that committee his com- ,
mumention, i, as thcchanman and organ of that j
committee, had been to the quarteimaster's de- j
partment, and to the surgeon general s depart- j
ment, and to other bureaus, tor the purpose of j
obtaining the information upon which intelligent j:
action could be based; and aware, no doubt,-of
that fact, the Secretary of War addressed that
communication to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. The gentleman from Missouri-himself has
assigned the reason why one item to which the Sec-
retary of War referred might be reduced, to ;wit:
transportation; and that was on account of-the
termination of hostilities in New-Mexico, Oregon,
and Washington,-events occurring since-the&e
estimates wereoriginally proposed. It is not, how-
ever, upon any letter or assent of the bureaus or
departments, but upon their own responsibility,
that the Committee on Military Affairs will pre-
sent their views of reduction, subject to the con-
sideration and action of this bodv.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, then the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of War comes merely
to back upandsustain the recommendations ofthe
Committee on Military Affairs,and not on hisown
mere motion. I hold that it is the duty of any
head of a Department, when he finds, after he has
submitted estimates, that they can be reduced, to
recommend to Congress a reduction,and to com-
municate that information to all. I know the re-
sponsibility will be fixed somewhere, and in some
quarter. If you make reductions, and you have
no communication on file, addressed to Congress
and printed with the public documents, upon
which to base your action, and if any injury
should result, in consequence of a reduction of
the appropriations,oradeficiency should be found
to exist at the next session of Congress, at once
the cry would be that the deficiency exists, or the
injury arises, because Congress had reduced the
estimates submitted at the last session of Con-
gress. I hold that this communication should
have been sent here; that it should have been ad-
dressed to the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives,and communicated to us, in orderthat
all the members of the House should have beea
informed upon the subject.
It has been the course pursued by the commit- ,
tee of which I am a member, for several years
past, to demand of the Executive Departments
that those communications which formerly were
addressed to the chaiiman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, recommending an increase of
expenditure, and such like matters, should be
contained in a letter addressed to the Presiding
Officer of this House; that they should be pre-
sented in due form, in order that ail the members
of this House, and not those of one committee
alone, should be informed of their contents.
Mr. FAULKNER. If the Secretary of War,
upon subsequent examination, should find that
an estimate which he had made was, by a new
train of events, no longer necessary, would* the
gentleman regard him as not acting in the precise
line of his duty, to send that suggestion to the
Committee of Ways and Means ? I say he would
be perfectly justified in so doing, and to that com-
mittee he should send it, if the bill was still be-
fore them for examination and action.
So, if the Committee of Ways and Means had.
disposed of the bill, and had reported it to the
House; and thus, as a committee had discharged
themselves of the subject, and the Committee on
Military Affairs were engaged in the investiga-
tion of the same items of appropriation, and the
attention of the Secretary of War was called to
that investigation, was it not proper that his com-
munication should be with that committee, and
that lie should .advise them of the fact that, in
consequence of the termination of hostilities in
New Mexico, he could dispense with certain por-
tions of those estimates? He knew that you had
reported your bill, and that we were about to biing
those matters to the attention of Congress; and
he knew that a lettcr.addressed to us must be re-
garded as much an official document as if ad-
dressed to the Committee of Ways and Means,
or to Congress; and that it would be placed be-
fore the House by us asexplanatory of the change,
and as the basis of the responsibility of the action
of this body upon the diminished appropriation.
But I will present my views more fully and ex-
plicitly on these points when I can have the com-
mand of the floor myself.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs whether, on the 21st of December, the
Secretary of War was in possession of informa-
tion showing that, at that time, he could have re-
duced those estimates?
