1-14)2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. FAULKNER. I am not able to inform
the gentleman as to the time when that informa-
tion reached the War Department.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have fixed the
21st December, because upon that day the Army
appropriation bill was reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means to the House, and prior to
that time we were informed, not in a written com-
munication, bat in a verbal one, that no reduction
could be made in the estimates of the quartermas-
ter's department, in the opinion of the officer hav-
ing charge of that service, with safety to the public
interest. And now let me ask, if this reduction
shall be proposed to be made in the estimates of
transportation,,whether that reduction will not
be proposed in consequence of the cessation of
hostilities by the Navajoes, information of which
has only reached us within the last few days ? "In
other words, had the Secretary of War, twenty
days ago, any reason to believe that those esti-
mates could be safely reduced ? But the Secretary
of War found that the Committee on Military
Affairs were engaged in the matter of reducing
the estimates, and after that committee had de-
termined to make certain reductions, he received
this information of a cessation of hostilities in
New Mexico, tond then he addressed a letter to
the Committee on Military Affairs, informing
them that they could reduce the item of trans-
portation $490,000. Now, sir, I desire that in-
formation to be presented to the House. In what
position does this place the Committee-of Ways
and Means? According to the statement of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] this
reduction is based upon (he fact that the Navajo
war has closed. On the 21st December, all the
information we had from New Mexico was, that
additional troops were going out to the Navajo
country, and that the troops were pursuing the
Indians into their fastnesses; and there was no
information coming fiom the Secretary of War
showing that any reduction of the estimates could
be made.
There is something due to the Committee of
Ways and Means as well its to the Secretary of
War, or to the Committee on Military Affairs.
At the time I discussed the proposition to refer
the Navy appropriation bill to the Committee on
.Naval Affairs, I then stated, as I now state, that
if any committee having charge of any branch of
the public service will show where a less amount
than that which is estimated can be appropriated,
and still secure efficiency m the service, 1 would
be ihe advocate of that reduction. I do not want
the Committee of Ways and Means placed upon
the record recommending appropriations to a
gresfter amount than that which the officer in
charge of thatservice state&ho requires. The only
complaint I make is, that the proposition making
the proposed reduction was not presented to that
committee, so that they might have reduced the
expendituie accordingly, which was based upon
the original estimate tiom the Department. The
committee has charge of the bill, not merely
whilst it isbeirig prepared, but until the bill shall
be disposed of' by the House. It is the every-
day practice for a committee which has reported
a bill to propose amendments to the bill.
Mr. CURTIS. It is not my purpose to defend
the Secretary of War; but I think that justice
ought to be done him in this matter. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs felt it was their duty
to investigate some of the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. Amongst other things this question of
transportation was especially brought to their
attention by a resolution of this House. They
determined to have a correspondence with the De-
partment. They corresponded with the Secretary
of War, and they received many suggestions from
him. It is upon that correspondence and those
suggestions that these changes are predicated. I
submit, then, that the Committee on Military
Affairs, and not the Committee of Ways and
Means, ought to have the credit of this investiga-
tion. That committee ought to have the credit
of bringing it before the people and before this
House. It is no disparagement of the Committee
of Ways and Means to show that this bill ought
to be reduced $l,5lj0,000. If the example of the
Committee on Military Affairs be followed by the
Naval Committee, as has been proposed, then i
there may be a like reduction of the Navy bill.
I hope that gentlemen will not reflect upon the
Secretary of War for having united with the
Committee on Military Affairs, in the object they
themselves proposed. He has acquiesced in their
action.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not reflect
upon the Secretary of War. I am glad that he
has been able to recommend a reduction of ex-
penditures.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the Secretary of War acquiesced
in what the Committee on Military Affairs have
done.
Mr. CURTIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then it was the result,
and not the cause, of the action of the commit-
tee ?
Mr. CURTIS. As far as I was concerned it was
not the cause. It may have influenced some of
the members of the committee, but they them-
selves proposed a reduction of those expenditures.
In order to have the cooperation of the Depart-
ment, they consulted the Secretary. The idea
originated with the committee.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is what I want to
know—whether it originated with the Secretary
of War or the committee ? i understand the gen-
tleman to say that it originated with the commit-
^Mr. CURTIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FAULKNER. Permit me to say a word.
My interview on that item was wholly with the
Quartermaster General. I had an examination of
this item with him. Upon his reports to him must
the Secretary of War act. It is upon his state-
ments he makes his recommendations to Con-
gress. The result of that liTterview between my-
self and the (Quartermaster General was that, in
view of the change of facts, $490,000 might with
propriety be stricken from that item. 1 have no
doubt the Quartermaster General subsequently
communicated that fact to the Secretary of War,
and he directed his communication to the com-
mittee on the subject. It resulted from no inter-
view with the Secretary.
Mr. STANTON. A question has been made
as to who is entitled to credit, if there be any, for
the proposed reduction. The modesty of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] will not
permit him to claim it. It is due, however, to
the country that it should be known that the
Committee oil Military Affairs charged that gen-
tleman and myself with a special investigation of
the subject. That investigation was conducted
by the gentleman from Virginia alone by personal
interviews with various suboidinates in the War
Department. It was from these interviews that
it was ascertained by him that a reduction of from
one and a half to two million dollars may be made
without any injury to the public service. Some
of the proposed reductions were acquiesced in by
the Secretary of War when his attention was
called to the subject.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no desire
to do injustice to the gentleman from Virginia, or
to any member of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. I do not desire to do injustice to the Sec-
retary of War, or to any person connected with
this transaction. Nor, sir, do 1 desire that any
injustice shall be done to the members of the com-
mittee of which I am a member. I am gratified
that an additional reduction can bo made in the
estimates submitted at the commencement of the
session. The Committee of Ways and Means
did not, from the information they received, feel
authorized to make any reduction in the trans-
portation for the Army, although they made re-
ductions elsewhere. There was information that
a regiment was to be sent from the Territory of
Utah, to be stationed on the Gila river. At that
time it was expected thatother troops would be re-
quired in New Mexico, and that additional troops
would have to be stationed upon the borders of
Mexico, to keep the Comanches in subjection.
You hear the members from Texas complain that
a sufficient number of troops is not stationed upon
their frontiers. You hear the Delegate from New
Mexico make the same complaints in regard to
that Territory. You hear the same complaint
made by the Delegate from Washington Territory.
When Indian hostilities exisjed in most of the
Territories of the United States, so that it might
become necessary to transfer troops from one to
another, the Committee of Ways and Means did
not feel themselves authorized, with the informa-
tion before them, to recommend any reduction in
the item of transportation. To do so might en-
dangerthe public service. That committee recom-
mended such reduction as they were sure would
do no injury to the public service. That com-
mittee recommended the reduction of more than
seven hundred thousand dollars in the estimate
submitted to this House for the support of the
Army.
Mr. CHAFFEE, by consent of Mr. Phelps,
of Missouri, obtained the floor within the time of
the latter, and proceeded to address the commit-
tee.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. Does the gentleman propose to amend the
bill ?
Mr. CHAFFEE. I am speaking by the per-
mission of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the floor being farmed
out. I maintain that no member has a right to
assign to another member any part of the time
allowed him under the rules of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Missouri as assigning
the floor. The Chair rules that it is too late now
to interpose objection.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I supposed that
the gentleman from Massachusetts desired to say
something in respect to the bill under considera-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so considered.
Mr. CLAY. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. By referring to the rule, the
Chair will discover that the right to make a
speech, on the part of the gentleman who reports
the bill, is a personal right.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I do not want to retain the
floor against the wish of the committee. During
the four years that I have been on this floor, I
have never occupied more than^one hour in de-
bate.
Mr. GARTRELL. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts desires to occupy the attention of the
committee for but a short time; and I move that
by unanimous consent he be allowed to proceed.
Mr WINSLOW. As I understand, unani-
mous consent has been already given.
Mr. CLAY. Have I a right to state, in re-
sponse to what has been said by the Chair, the
reasons why I take an appeal?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable. The question is; "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ?"
Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phillips
and Buffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 111, noes 16.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I have little hesitation in
asserting, and much confidence in calling on this
committee to bear me out in the assertion, that I
yield to no member on this floor in my efforts to
secure an honest and economical expenditure of
the public money.
But while I advocate honesty and economy in
public expenditures, both by my votes and by
whatever other influence I may possess, I cannot
bring myselftoablind acquiescencem thedoctrine
that it is true honesty or good econoimj to cut down
the appropriations as proposed in some parts of
this bill.
Before coming to the specifications, I desire to re-
mark generally on the subject of military expend-
itures, (which is the subjectof the bill under con-
sideration, and to which I propose to confine my
remarks,) that we commit a serious error in com-
paring the amount of the expenditure for the mil-
itary service with the numerical strength of the
regular Army. It is the policy of this country,
and the right policy, to maintain a numerically
small Army; whilst it is now, and has been for
some years past, the necessity of the country to
require a large amount of military work to be
done.
It is my good fortune, Mr. Chairman, to rep-
resent a working and practical, as well as intelli-
gent, corffetituency; and it is very natural that,
representing such a people, I should not he ablo
to divest myself of the practical ideas current
among them, and to form other notions, which
appear to govern in the relations between the mil-
itary expenditures and the numerical force of the
