1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
But, Mr. Speaker, taking the worst possible
view of the case for the judge; admitting when
he went into it, that he had. reason to suspect
that litigation might possibly arise; (for this is
all that any of the parties anticipated;) admit fur-
ther, that when he invited Mr. Lapsley, a citi-
zen of another State, to participate in the pur-
chase, he might have known that Lapsley had it*
in his power to institute litigation in the Federal,
instead of the State courts; still, if Judge Wat-
rous did no more than this, I am utterly unable
to perceive what he has done that ought to sub-
ject him to impeachment. If this constitutes such
a " high crime and misdemeanor" as is intended
by the Constitution, then I fancy that there are
other judges besides Judge Watrous, and other
officials in the Government, who would be liable
to have proceedings for impeachment instituted
against them for causes more flagrant than this.
It is objected against the judge that he might
have applied to persons within the State of Texas
to raise the money. But Mr. Lapsley and the
others were old Alabama friends of Judge Wat-
rous; they knew him, and had confidence ill his
integrity; they were men of means, and the very
persons to whom the judge, or any one else sim-
ilarly situated, would be likely in the first instance
to apply for assistance. If, as it seems to be
admitted, it would not have been wijfeig for the
judge to have procured aid from some persons m
Texas, I cannot regard it as a " crime" that he
applied to his old friends, who happened to live
out of the State !
But the third specification of my colleagues on
the committee who favor an impeaclimentis, that
" Judge Watrous sat as judge on the trial of cases
where he was personally interested in the ques-
tions involved." This refers to the case of Uf-
fordand Dykes, which was tned.by,Judge Wat-
rous.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see from the testi-
mony how the facts are in reference to that case.
It appears that three Mexican citizens, Raphael de
Aguirre, Jose Maria de Aguirre, and Thomas de
la Vega, jointly applied to the Mexican author-
ities for a grant of eleven leagues of land. The
concession was made, and, upon that concession,
there were issued three separate grants of eleven
leagues, one to each of the applicants—not one
grant of' thirty-three leagues to the three in com-
mon. The three joined in a power of attorney,
making one Samuel M. Wiliiams the agent to sell
the land of all the thiee persons, who signed the
power. In making ou t the grant£at the land office,
the name ofilaphaelde Aguirre was inserted in two
of the grants by mistake, and the name of Jose
Mariade Aguirre left outaltogether. These grants
were located a long distance apatt. Thomas de
la Vela's was located upon the Brazos river, near
the Waco village; the e;rant to Raphael deAguirre
upon Williamson's cieek; the other grant was
located upon the Brazos, at the mouth of the
Bosque. It was a part of the La Vega grant,
which Judge Watrous bought. Suits were brought
upon the title in his court by Mr. John W. Laps-
ley. of Alabama, as lias already appeared, ill
whose name was taken the deed from Mr. League,
the vendor. Judge Watrous had an outstanding
equitable title in a part of the lauds embraced in
the grant. When the suits weie reached at the
call of the docket, at the term to which they were
returnable, the judge revealed his mtercstand re-
fused to make any order in them. The eases were
tiansferred to Austin, and afterward transferred
to New Orleans for trial. A suit was brought
upon the grant of Raphael de Aguirre, which had
been located upon Williamson's creek. This was
the case of Ufiford and Dykes, which Judge Wat-
rous tried. It will be recoilected that the power
of attorney under which the land had been sold
was the same as that by which the La Vega tract
had been sold—the power of attorney was com-
mon to the two tracts of land. Now it will be
found by examining the bill of exceptions and the
testimony in the case taken bcioro tiic committee,
that the power of attoi ney was admitted by agree-
ment of counsel and was not read at all, as no
question was raised_ upon the genuiness of the
power, and 110 question was raised upon it. It
was admitted in evidence by the counsel engaged
011 either side of the case, and was neither ques-
tioned or doubted, and being in Spanish, it was
not read. It had been examined beforehand by
Mr. Hughes, of Georgetown, Texas, the attorney
of record in the case, and being a copy had been
compared by him with the original, and he had
satisfied himself of its correctness. Under these
circumstances the paper came into the case. (See
the testimony of Hughes, Potter, Jones, League,
and Hartley.)
When the fact is called to mind and united to
this testimony, that Judge Watrous had never
read the title papers in the La Vega title, and
knew nothinf of there being a power of attorney
in the case, he might well have proceeded to pass
upon the power of attorney without the least sus-
picion that the paper had any bearing upon his
personal interest; but the proof gathered from the
testimony of all these witnesses, is amply suffi-
cient to satisfy the most incredulous that the pa-
per was never read to the judge, and to use the
words of Mr. Potter,1' cut no figure in the case."
But if it were not so, and the judge had known
all about the character of the paper, still it would
have been his doty to try the ease, and if he had
refused, he would have been guilty of a neglect
of duty. It is indeed a fundamental maxim, that
a judge should not try his own cause. It is a
maxim wluch should never be lost sight of or dis-
regarded. The purity of the administration of
justice, upon which ail that we hold most dear
as members of society, depends upon the strict
! preservation of this vital principle. But what
i constitutes an interest in a case, such as to dis-
qualify a judge from presiding at the trial? This
question was referred for decision by the House
of Lords in England to all the judges. The an-
swer was returned, in the name of all the judges,
by Baron Parke, and the interest was determined
to be the same as that which would disqualify a
witness. (See House of Lords cases, vol 3, page
786, Dinus vs. Proprietors of the Grand Junction
Canal Company.) This case is entirely conclu-
sive; for no one can pretend for a moment tiiatif |
aperson situated as was Judge Watrous had been ;
offered as a witness, that he could have been ex- j
eluded. The interest which excludes a witness j
is a direct interest in the event of the suit. If it.
, is remote, contingent, consequential, it does not
! affect the competency of the witness. ^
1 Nov/, what interest had the judge in the case I
before him, either direct, which would have gone 1
to the competency, or remote and contingent,
which would have gone to the credibility ? None
at all; the event of the sun could not by possi-
bility affect his interest in the least conceivable ,
degree. The case in which he was interested had j
been transferied to New Orleans for trial—the j
issue of the trial of Ufford is. Dykes could not j
be used as evidence in the ease of Lapsley vs. j
Spencer; nor if the decision were ever heard of j
i by Judge Campbell, would he regard a msiprius j
j decision of a district judge as of the least weight I
1 as authority ? There is 110 possible aspect of the ,
' case of Uftord vs. Dykes, 110 conceivable con- ;
tingency in which it can be made to affect m the ;
most remote degree the interest of Judge Wat-, 1
rous.
But it has been urged that Judge Watrous j
counseled the use of a power of attorney which j
he knew to be a forgery. That power of attorney |
is the one by virtue of which the lands of LaVega j
and Aguirre were sold. Both these assertions 1
are unsupported by the testimony. It is not
proved that the power of attorney was false, nor .
is it true that it was used by the advice of Judge •
Watrous. 1
The testimony is that the lands were sold by
Mr. Williams by virtue of this power a great
many vears ago. (See the testimony of Mi. Wil-
liams in the book of 900 pdges.) Fiom that time
to the time of the tiial of the case in New Oilcans
in 1856, Mr. La Vega never ow-rted any claim
whatever to the land; he never, as far as thejesii-
mony shows, paid any taxes, made any ofier to^
sell the land, or exercised over it the le<.st act of
ownership or dominion for this long space of time.
There is 110 pretense that he ever made any con-
vey ar.ee of the land, but by and througn Air, Sam-
uel M. Williams acting under this power of attor-
ney. Why did he slumber over las rights for so
i long a time ? He was perfectly aware of the value
of the laud. He might have sued for it. His being
an alien constituted no bar to his recovery. That
principle has, I understand, been settled by the
Supreme Court during their last winter term in
the case of Joi^p against McMasters.
Will any man in his senses believe that La Vega
would not have done something, during this long
series of yea^s that intervened between the 5th
day of May, 1832—the date of the grower of attor-
ney—and the year 1856, when th? casa of Lapsley
vs. Spencer was tried in New Orleans,, whicli
would go to assert his claim to this valuable tract
of land, if it had been true that he had rfot exe-
cuted such a paper as that which he now. Wider
very suspicious circumstances, denies? Why did
he, for nearly a quarter of a century, do no act
from which it might be inferred even that he stiil
claimed this land ? He d id nothing of the sort.
He slumbered on in the roost unbroken and pro-
found repose until after the trial in New Orleans;
when, all at once, he is roused to an assertion of
his Jong-neglected rights, and engages inaeham-
perty contract with Simon Mussina, the prose-
cutor in this case. La Vega'now swears that he
never exe&uted the power of attorney by which
Williams sold the land. Can any one credit the
assertion > He did execute the power, or some one
must have forged it. Who ? Spencer says it was
Samuel M. Williams. Spencer, it must berecol-
lected, swore under the influence of a very strong
interest—such a one as even the sternest virtue
would do well not to expose itself. The paper
was offered upon the trial at New Orleans, Judges
Campbell and McCaleb upon the bench, and by
those eminent jurists admitted as beingsufficiently
proved by the testimony that was adduced in its
support. I do not know what testimony there
was, save thedeposition of Doctor Hewitson, who
proved the handwriting of the alcalde before
whom it purported to have been executed, and
also the handwriting of the assisting \Vitnesses.
What more could be desired ? It is in strict con-
formity to the rule of law. He is a disinterested
witness, and his testimony will prevail against
the statements of any number of persons swear-
ing umlei cucumstances such as, by the judgment
of the law, are unworthy of credit by reason of
the interest which, owing to the weakness of hu-
man nature, may lead us astray.
The judge permitted the paper to be sent to the
jury as being proved according to the require-
ments of the law, and also charged the jury that
there was no showing of fraud to be taken into
consideration in the case. (Seethe opinion of the
Supreme Court in the case of Lapsley vs. Spen-
cer.) The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff;
the case was taken to the Supreme Court, and
the judgment of the court below affirmed, and
the question as to the title, as far as the cases sub-
mitted with the Spencer case, settled forever.
Since the decision of the case in the court below,
by some means, which I am told are well under-
stood, but the proof of which is not now before
the committee, and of which I canfiot therefore
speak, the deposition of La Vega has been taken
ex parte, and also of the custodian of the archives
at Saltillo, who states that the name of La Vega
is not found upon the protocol of the power of
attorney, which is regarded by at least some of
the committee as casting doubt upon the power
of attorney. The testimony of Mr. Treanor goes
far to negative this testimony.
I do not profess to be acquainted with the forms
and methods of business which prevail m civil
law countries. I understand, however, that in-
struments like the one under discussion, are made
before a notary, or, in his absence, an alcalde or
residor, the second alcalde in turn who takes the
place of the alcaide in case of his disability. The
| party who wishes to execute any kind of instru-
j ment, or celebrate a contract, makes a declaration
I to the notary, whose duty it is to record thatdee-
1 laration in his book, which he is required by law
■ to keep—sometimes the instrument or contract is
j written out in full, sometimes only notes are
: kept of the transaction; when it is written out m
full it is called a protocol; at the same time a coun-
terpart of the protocol is written out by the notary,
or alcalde, or regidor as the case may happen to
be, and given 10 the other party, and is called a
tcstimonio. This instrument is the one which is
looked to as an instrument of evidence. It is it-
self the second original of equal dignity with the
protocol; it is itself an authentic act and needs
110 extrinsic aid, but proves itself. It cannot be
attacked bv nroving the destruction or loss of the
protocol—nor by showing that the protocol and
testimonio do not agree or correspond. It is fre-
quently the case, from carelessness in the officer,
the testimonio is the only paper which he takes
