1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Army, in the minds of many, if not most, of
those who are called to legislate on these sub-
jects.
As a practical man, and ©ne directed, I hopp,
by a just regard to the public servicc, I ask, is
not the true measure of the amount of military ,
expenditure the work done for the country by the !
Army, rather than the number of men who do
that work?
Our Army—I say it with full confidence that the !
facts will justify tho assertion—are now, and have j
beeivfor years past, performing the work of an 1
army, as ordinary organized and required to ;
work, of at least eighty thousand men; while the I
strength of our Army, m numerical force, is only !
sixteen thousand men. The practical cost of the j
Army, therefore, is found by dividing the whole
military expenditures by five, and the quotient is
the true index of the cost to the country of its
standing Army, numerically considered.
If there be any extravagance, any corrupt or !
dishonest expenditure in our military expenses,
or in any others, let any gentleman on this floor j
point it out, and I assure him he will find no one '
more zealous, or who will go further with him to
correct the evil, than 1 will.
But I cannot condemn without the evidence of
wrong-doing. It may be a safe expedient, in the
absence of proof, and for the purposes of popular
effect, to call hard names, and to lay a greater
burden of extravagant expenditures upon the
Arrny than justice requires it to bear, for the very
good reason that it has no representative hereto
defend it, and no votes at the times and places
where we are all politically created.
But, Mr. Chairman, " let justice be done." If
the state of the country and its Treasury is such
that it cannot afford to pay its servants according
to their merits and works, let the reduction fall
on all in their and just proportions. If ap-
propriations must be cut down for fear that an
industrious, hard-working people may be sup-
posed to be favored unduly, let the pruning be
where the public scrvice will sufler the least, and
not where it will cost the most. Such does not
appear to have been the ruling principle in fixing
the details of the bill under consideration, mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the ensuing fiscal year. I refer particularly
to that portion of it which makes provision for the
ordnance department, and the different branches
of the public service under its management and
control in pursuance of law. That department !
has but a single item of appropriation which it is I
possible to retrench without serious detriment to
the public service—and that is the small item for j
"current expenses;" moderate enough m the .
amount of the estimates, and but lightly touched ;
by the pruning-kmfe of the Committee of Ways \
and Means. j
The other items of the estimates for that depart- j
ment do not involve, in reality, the expenditure '
or consumption of any part of the public wealth. ;
The entire amounts of these estimates propose, j
simply, the conversion of a certain amount of dol- !
lam of coin into muskets, rifles, swords, sabers, I
and cannon; all of which still remain as a part of
the common wealth—of the treasure of the nation.
The only difference between them and the dollars
is, that there never will bean emergency when this
nation cann'ot command all the dollars it ma-y
want, at short notice; while no amount of money
can fill your arsenals, in time of pressing need, j
with the arms and munitions of war necessary j
for the defense of your country; for the defense j
and protection of that money to which you seem «
to cling with the grasp of the pitiable miser, who |
begrudges the pittance necessary to keep his very j
existence from extinction. ]
Do gentlemen know that the expenditures of.
the ordnance department are not merely for the j
supply of our small standing Army, but that it :
is made the duty of that department, by law, to j
provide supplies, weapons, and munitions of war, j
for the armies of the United States ? Do they re- (
fleet that, on the condition of our armories and j
arsenals, depends the efficiency or the worthless- i
ncss of our armies of more than two million citi- j
sen soldiery? |
I think the committee which has proposed these •
small and insignificant reductions, in estimates !
reduced at the Department to,the smallest limits :
thatconscientiousrcgard for the state of the Treas- j
ury and the wants of the country would admit, 1
have not considered the true purpose to which
they were to be applied, nor the importance of
that purpose.
Take, for example, the item for the manufac-
ture of arms at the national armoiies. The arm-
ories have just entered upon the manufacture of
the new rifle musket, and, with the appropria-
tion sought by this amendment, will be able to
make about twenty thousand per year. This arm
is lapidly becoming the arm of the world. The
whole number of Minie muskets manufactured at
the national armories up to this time is about
thirty -five thousand. Three thousand two hun-
dred and twenty have been delivered to the States
from the Springfield armory alone, and probably
as many more from the Harper's Perry, which
leaves less than thirty thousand now available to
arm the national troops. The English armory
at Enfield, near London, modeled after our na-
tional armories, is now manufacturing six thou-
sand Minis muskets per month, and the superin-
tendent of the Enfield armory, now in this coun-
try, has just ordered machinery to be made and
sent to England to double the number per annum;
or one hundred and forty-four thousand, beside
the large number now being made by private con-
tract—probably as large a number as is made at
the Enfield armory.
This gives some idea of the comparative war
material in thi3 arm, now deemed the most effect-
ive for infantry, of the two countries, England
and the United States.
This English armory was copied in all its de-
tails from the United States armory at Springfield.
The machinery was all made in the United States,
and the mechanics to supervise and put the ar-
mory in operation were all taken from this coun-
try. Russia has followed the example of England
in this matter; and now France is about to follow,
as she is now debating the establishment of a
national armory for the manufacture of the Minie
musket, with machinery like our own.
Is, then, this country prepared to abandon its
superiority, and place herself in such a position as
to be compelled, in case of a collision with either
of these great Powers, to arm her men with the
old modeled musket, which would be little short
of murder to our own men?
It is questionable economy to weaken or aban-
don this our acknowledged superiority in the man-
ufacture of this arm.
For many years, when this country was peo-
pled with a population varying from twelve to
twenty millions, the appropriation for the manu-
facture of new arms was $360,000; which was sub-
sequently reduced- to $250,000. Now, with an
extended territory, an increased Army, with a
population of from thirty to thirty-five millions
of people, with such a meager supply of the im-
proved infantry arm, it is little short of madness
to arrest the progress of the manufacture.
It is but a change of national wealth; the money
is but exchanged for the best arm the world has
ever seen for the national defense; and how much
better for England would it have been in the late
Crimean war, if she could have exchanged gold
for Minie muskets.
Take the item for ordnance, ordnance stores,
and supplies. Every dollar so appropriated, must
produce its representative, and a more valuable
representative in the shape of swords, sabers, cav-
alry pistols and carbines, and horse equipments,
swelling your wealth so far as real value is con-
cerned, instead of reducing your Treasury in sil-
ver and gold. Take the estimate for account of
fortifications. That is, to furnish the means to
make available and useful the castles upon which
you have expended such large sums in erecting,
and which, without those means, are valueless for
the protection of your maritime ports, the sources
of all your revenue, and which, without that pro-
tection, would leave your Treasury far more
empty than it now is, or than I hope ever to see
it. So of the other appropriations for this branch
of the public service, not of the Army service ex-
clusively, but of the military service of the nation,
and judging from this, so it may be, perhaps in
a less degree, and in a less important aspect, of
the other reductions made by the committee in
other items of the estimates. At the proper time
I give notice that I shall propose the following
amendments:
At lines one hundred and twenty-nine and one hundred
and thirty, increase the amount $150,000.
At lines one hundred and thirty-two and one hundred
and thirty-three, increase the amount $100,000. ■ ,
Ai hue one hundred and thirty-six, increase the amount
.$50,000.
At lineonehundred and thirty-eight, increase the amount
$130,000.
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to make an inquiry of the
Chair. I wish to know whether the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is entitled to
an hour in conclusion?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has availed himself of his privilege to oloftfi
the debate. :
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by striking
out of the bill the seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth
lines, making an appropriation of $100,000,for the
recruiting service. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to this amendment, which I pro-
pose on behalf of a mint#ity of the Committee
on Military Affairs. The question was taken in
that committee, and a majority voted against the
proposed amendment. It makes the question dis-
tinctly and fairly, and in the most unobjection-
able form of a reduction of the Army, if the
amendment prevails, it prevents any recruiting
for the fiscal year 1860.
Here, Mr. Chairman, is a fair chance for gen-
tlemen who profess to have in view some practi-
cal and extensive economy and retrenchment in
the public expenditures. It is all idle to go for
lopping off sixpences here and there, withodt any
reduction in any branch of the public service.. In
my judgment, our present Army is four times as
large as the necessities of the service require. I
propose to cut off the recruiting service for the
next year, and for two or three years in succes-
sion. The enlistment being for five years, you
in this way reduce the strength of the Army one
fifth every year.
If this amendment prevails, it of course carries
with it a corresponding reduction in other por-
tions of the Army expenditures.
Mr. Chairman, the only ground, as I under-
stand it, on which the existing Army is required,
is that it is necessary for the defense of the ex-
tended frontiers of the country, to defend the set-
tlers from Indian depredations, and to protect
trains crossing the plains from the Mississippi
valley to the Pacific ocean. Now, in a Republic
like ours, where the military defense of the coun- .
try must always rest essentially on the great body
of the people, and on the volunteer service, I dis-
claim the necessity of soldiers for any such ser-
vice. You cannot require the Government to send
a soldier to escort every man who travels from
one section of the country to the other, forbear
somebody might hurt him. The people of the
country, in times past, have been able to protect
themselves, to take care of themselves, and to de-
fend themselves. The frontiers of Kentucky and
Ohio were defended by Daniel Boone and his com-
peers; and they were worth a regiment of regu-
lar soldiers at any time.
The frontier settlers, the border men of the
country, are their own best protectors. Our ex-
perience has proved that all the efforts we have
made to protect them in sending the Army to their
defense, and in promising them immunity and
protection, have only tended to aggravate hostil-
ities between the settlers and the Indian tribes.
The settlers have availed thefnselves of the im-
munity which our protection was supposed to
afford, and have perpetrated wrong and outrage
upon the Indians. But if we teach them that they
will have to rely on their own discretion, on their
own judgment, on their own forbearance, and on
their own sense of justice, they will not, unneces-
sarily provoke hostilities; and when hostilities
must needs come, they are, themselves, their own
best protectors. A regiment of trained soldiers
know nothing of Indian warfare in the back-
woods. They do not understand fighting in the
bush and behind trees. It takes your backwoods
frontiersman to understand that description of ser-
vice; and they are the best men to engage in it.
What we want in this country is the mere skel-
eton of an army; a nucleus, around which we can
rally a volunteer force, and which we can organ-
ize into an army when the public exigencies de-
mand that we shall have an army in the field.
That is, at last, with any army you can support
in this country, your only reliance in time of
foreign war. In the Mexican war, you relied on
volunteers; and, in all the wars which you have
