£104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 18.
had, or which you ever will have, the main reli-
ance has been, and will be, on the volunteer force
of the country; and itisof nosortof consequence
whether you have, here and there, a regiment,
or half a dozen, or a dozen regiments, of regu-
larly trained soldiers, or not. If, you have a mere
skeleton -of an organization, which you can fill
up with volunteers when the exigencies of the
service require, that is enough.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Chairman, I shall not be
found voting against many propositions that may
be made to reduce the expenses of the Army. In
my judgment, they are greatly beyond what the
requirements of the service demand. But I am
opposed to the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, because I do not see in it any reduction of
expense at all proportionate to the reduction of
efficiency. «
Now, sir, the officers of the Army of the Uni-
' ted States are not recruited. You recruit only
your privates. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio proposes solely to reduce the number
pf privates in the Army; and I say to you that
the expenses of our Army do not arise from the
privates. " It is the number of officers that the
Army contains; it is the civil department of the
Army, so to speak; it is the outside operations,
conneited with the Army, that roll up the ex-
penses of the service by millions. It is not the
small amount necessary for the pay "and support
of the privates.
I had occasion, during the last session, to call
attention to a fact that is a very striking.one, in-
deed, in reference to our Army; and that is, that
there is no army in the civilized world that has
anything like so great a disproportion of officers
to the privates as has the Army of the United
States. There is no army in the world in which
the officers have so few privates to command as
in the Army of the United States. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio is to increase
that disproportion instead of diminishing it. He
talks to us about a skeleton of an army. We
have been told that our true policy is to keep but
a skeleton of a regular army, around which, in
time of war, we may rally volunteers. But do
we not all know that, whenever a war breaks
out, and a necessity for an increase of our force
arises, we hear no propositions for filling up that
skeleton? The propositions are all to increase
the number of officers. It is the anticipated in-
crease in the number of officers that enables you
to pass through Congress bills for increasing
your Army. We hear of a skeleton in time of
peace; but in time of war, it remains a skeleton.
Instead of filling it up, you only increase and en-
large that skeleton.
Now, I say to the gentfeman from Ohio, if he
wishes to diminish the expense of our military
system, let him submit a proposition to reduce
the number of officers; for it is the officers that
cost the money, and not the privates. Reduce
the number of officers, and increase the number
of privates.
Mr. STANTON. One thing at a time. Let us
get through with the privates, and then 1 will
take a turn at the officers.
Mr. BRANCH. But, Mr. Chairman, there are
already too many officers for the privates. The
gentleman is commencing at the wrong end. If
you are going to .reduce the Army, commence
with the officers.
Mr. STANTON. I begin at the beginning of
the bill. Whenever we get to a place in the bill
where we can strike at the officers, I shall be o.n
hand.
Mr. BRANCH. When the'gentleman has suc-
ceeded in cutting down the number of officers—
as I infer from his remarks he intends to attempt
to do—I may cooperate with him in reducing the
number of privates, if he can satisfy me that we'
have too many.
_ But, sir, outside of that, I think it has been,
time and again, demonstrated, beyond all question,
that the most expensive ti oops that we can employ, I
or that we ever do employ, whether in warfare
with civilized nations, or with Indian tribes, are
volunteers. I am not one of those who advocate
the system of calling into service volunteers to
carry on our wars. I will never support any
proposition to reduce the Army below that point
at which the Army, without the assistance of vol-
unteers [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation for the recruiting service, $10,000;
leaving $90,000 in the bill, and $100,000 applica-
cable to'the service of the next fiscal year.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] has well said that the Committee on
Military Affairs did not concur in the amendment
which he now proposes, and wjiich is to strike
out the entire appropriation for the recruiting ser-
vice of the'Army. That gentleman, sir, is always
open and manly in his opposition; whatever he
aims at he seeks to accomplish boldly and di-
rectly. He avows his opposition to the regular
Army, and he well knows that the blow which
he is now aiming is directed at the very existence
of the Army. The recruiting service, as-we all
know, is the source, the matrix, from which the
regular soldier springs; and to break down the re-
cruiting service is to break down the Army itself.
Now, I have not time allowed me, nor is this the
fit occasion, to attempt to maintain, before this
body, the necessity of keeping up our regular
Army, at least to the extent of the maximum
authorized by existing law. If there be any gen-
tleman who is disposed to vote for the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, because of his de-
termination to break down and destroy the exist-
ing organization of the regular Army, there can
be no time, in a five minutes' debate, to meet a
question of that .magnitude and importance. I
shall therefore waive that branch of the inquiry
now. To those who do regard an organized reg-
ular force as an indispensable part of our na-
tional policy, I will say that, according to a letter
from the Adjutant General now in my possession,
there will be required, to fill up the ranks of the
Army, two hundred and seventy-three recruits
for the mounted service, and one thousand one
hundred and twenty-two for the infantry regi-
ments, making a deficiency of one thousand three
hundred and ninety-five men. The adjutant gen-
eral asks for $110,000 for this service for the next
fiscal year, as, indeed, he luid a similar amount
for the present fiscal year. He concedes that he
has an unexpended surplus of last year's appro-
priation of $10,000. The whole appropriation,
then, for the last year, has not been, and will
not be, exhausted. If, therefore, it requires but
$100,000 to maintain this service by the year, hav-
ing already an unexpended balance of the present
year of $10,000, it would leave only $90,000 proper
for the present appropriation. I have not, there-
fore, moved my amendment for the purpose of
making some general remarks in reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, but for the purpose of making
a proper reduction in that item of appropriation.
I think that at least $10,000 may be properly
stricken from that item, without injury to the pub-
lic service.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I take it for
granted that every gentleman understands that
my proposition goes to the reduction of the Army.
Enlistments are for five yeais; and if the enlist-
ments are stopped one year, of course it will re-
duce the file one fifth. If it is the desire to reduce
the Army one fifth, suspend the recruiting ser-
vice for one year, and that object is accomplished.
1 do not expect members to vote for this who are
not in favor of an immediate and gradual reduc-
tion of the Army. Now, Mr. Chairman, it does
not follow at ail, as my friend from Vngima says,
that if you refuse to give anything for the re-
cruiting service for the fiscal year, you will, there-
fore, destroy the entire Army. It only amounts
to a reduction of one fifth. 1 admit, if the policy
were followed out, it would result in the total de-
struction of the Army. If wo reduce the Army
one fifth, the question will come up next Congress,
whether it is willing to reduce it another fifth.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a word or two
further. I am perfectly satisfied that you have
got to simplify this machinery of ours that we
call a Government, or the whole thing will sink
in rottenness and corruption. With an expend-
iture of $75,000,000 and $100,000,000, the idea
of examining into the details of that expenditure,
and watching over the manner in which it is
used, is utterly absurd. It is impracticable. The
Government must be simplified, and these expend-
itures reduced. Its character must be radically
and essentially changed. There is no help for it.
I know of no place where you can reduce the ex-
penditures of the Government, or any branch of
the public service, with less injury to the public
than in this matter of the Army. But it is not
merely a question of economy; it is merely a
question about the simplicity and purity of your
institutions. Even an army of eighteen thou-
sand men may become a dangerous instrument
of despotism. How is your Army used ? It
is now the settled practice of the executive de-
partment of the Government to use the standing
Army as a posse comitatus, to aid in the execution
of process in the hands of a civil officer, to the
total subversion of the first principles of civil
liberty. Why, sir, a standing army is not a
posse, in any sense. Yet they are ordered out
constantly, in every section orthe Confederacy,
to execute civil process in the hands of civil of-
ficers. That is a usurpation. An army ought
not to be provided for such a purpose. It has
been done in past years in Kansas, and I believe
that it is being done now. It is probable that it
may be done next year in Georgia, where they
do not want to hang men who have been engaged
in the slave trade. It is a question which looks
to all sections of the Confederacy. My theory of
this, however, is this: if there is a law upon your
statute-book that cannot be executed by the vol-
unteers of the vicinage in any section of the Con-
fedeiacy, letitgo unexecuted. You have no right
to call in a standing army to ride down the sen-
timents of a community in which offenses are
charged to have been committed, and execute
laws that are so odious that public opinion will
not. support their execution.
Sir, it is for this purpose your Army is used.
It is used as an instrument of despotism: and be-
cause it is so used I want it reduced and brought
down to such limits as will not make it dangerous,
and a source of annoyance and destruction and
civil war. I tell you that these things cannot go
on forever; whenever blood is shed in an attempt
to execute an odious law, and the State authori-
ties are arrayed in hostility ag^list the Federal
authority—State troops and Federal troops com-
ing into conflict—then I undertake to say that this
Government is pretty near its end.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON moved that the committee
rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. John Cochrane reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Army appropriation bill, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me, to bring up a question of privilege.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
can do that to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at four and a half o'clock, p. m.) ad-
journed,   
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 18, 1859.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the chief clerk of the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with an order
of the Senate, the memorial and papers of Wil-
liam Gaston Pearson; which were leferred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also laid before the Senate a leport of the
Attorney General, madem compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of March 30, 1858, relative
to an examination of the title conveyed to the
United States by the city of San Francisco, the
11th December, 1852, to lots Nos. 5 and 6, in Hos-
pital square, in that city; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 6G4) making appro-
priations for the currentand contingent expenses
