1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He refused to answer the question. The judge
took time to consider upon the propriety of the
question, and released the witness /rom the ne-
cessity of answering. Hord had purchased an
interest; the interest %vhich had belonged to Still-
man and Belden. That fact was known to the
judge. Hord had stated it in an affidavit; Sup/
pose Stiilman had been offered as a witness; no
0 objection could have been taken to his compe-
tency which could not have been to Mr. Hord's.
Suppose lie had been offered by Mr. Hale;
would he not have been a competent witness for
Mr. Hale ? Mr. Hale's consent removed the ob-
jection to his competency; and who could raise
it but him? In such a state of things, could
Mussina interfere, and deprive Mr. Hale of the
benefit of his testimony, to which he was enti-
tled by the rules of law? If such be the law,
then a rule established for the protection and ben-
efit of a party may be defeated at any time by a
combination between two who may be opposed
to him. A construction of the law liable to such
abuses, cannot be the true one.
A word, also, as to the matter of contempt. A
slight examination of Daniel's Cliancery Practice,
or any approved work upon chancery pleading,
will satisfy any unprejudiced mind that the pio-
ceedings in the matter of contempt are in exact
accoidance with the correct practice. The usual
course has been pursued; the necessary affidavit
was made, and the writ of attachment sent out.
Upon the return of non est inventus upon the at-
tachment, the writ of sequestration issues, as a
matter of course. This course had been pursued
in this case: this, and nothing more, was done.
The writ of sequestration was returned " no prop-
erty found," and thus the matter ended. Mus-
sina was not arrested upon the attachment; he
was not within the jurisdiction of ihe court; he
appeared by counsel and answered, and thus sub-
jected himself to the action of the court. With
neither his person or his property subjected to the
action of the court, it is rather difficult lo perceive
how he has been oppressed.
It is also said that the rulings of the judge ill
the case of Cavazos vs. Stiilman et al., are so
partial, so much on one side, as to evince the ex-
istence of corruption in the judge, lhis is cer-
tainly a very strange charge; for the rulings in
this case have been counted, and are found to be
forty-one in favor of the plaintiff, and thirty-four
in favor of the defendants. That is us neaily an
equal division as can be found, as it is believed,
in any chanceiy case with such an extended re-
cord.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have now alluded to all
the important matters embraced in the testimony,
and can find nothing inconsistent with fair deal-
ing and uprightness of intention on the part of
Ju°dge AVatrous. I believe that on a thorough
and impartial review of the charges and evidence
in this case, he will be found to be " more sinned
against than sinning."
Mr. BILLING HUR.ST obtained the floor.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER,-by unanimous consent, laid
before the HouseacommunicationfromtlieTreas- ,
urer of the United States transmitting a copy of i
his account with the United btates, for the thnu j
and fourth quarters of the year 1857; which was !
laid on the table, and. ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. Billinghurst, (at
twelve minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 10, 1858.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate, a report of the Secretary of the In terior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, of the 25tli of May last, statements show-
ing all the expenditures from ^^
public and private purposes hi the District of Co
lumbia; the number of town lots originally owned
by the United States in Washington, the number
sold, and the sum for which sold, the number re-
served and their value, the estimated value of
individual property, and the value of Governmen
property; which was ordered to lie on the table,
lie also laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting copies of his accounts for the third
and fourth quarters of the year 1857, and the first
and second quarters of the year 1858, as adjusted
by the accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment; which was ordered to lie on the table.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resoled, That the Senate, after the reading of the Jour-
nal, 011 Monday morning, December IS, will proceed to the
election of the standing committees of the Senate.
GALVESTON CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WARD asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 54) for changing the plan ofthe custom-house
at Galveston, in the State of Texas; which was
read a first time.
Mr. WARD. The object of that resolution is
explained in part by the resolution itself.- It pro-
poses to change the plan and dimensions of the
bulldm", now in the course of erection, for acus-
tom-house at Galveston, Texas. The law which
authorized the construction of that custom-house
provided that it should be three stories high. The
citizens of Galveston on reflection have concluded
to petition (which they have done) for a change
in the plan. So thatinstead of being a three-story
it shall be a two-story building. They desire to
extend the dimensions, so that the building will
furnish a greater amount of room upon the surface,
and contain as much room upon the first and
second floors as would have been contained upon
the three floors. The resolution provides that the
alteration shall not cost any more than has already
been appropriated. This plan is preferred by the
citizens of Galveston, and the Secretary of the
Treasury only requires a resolution to authorize
him to make the change. It is a matter local in its
character, but of importance to the people of that
immediate section ofthe country. If it meets the
views of the Senate, I would like to have the icso-
lution passed immediately. The parties are in
waiting, and wish to commence work at once if the
change can be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
ffive unanimous consent to allow this joint reso-
lution to go throush its several readings to-day ?
Mr. KING. I have no objection to the intro-
duction of the resolution; but 1 am unwilling that
it should pass without some further considera-
tion. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then receive
its second reading now and take the usual course.
The joint resolution was read a second time.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Texas
will allow me to make a suggestion to him, I will
state that all these buildings in their construction
have undergone the supervision of the Commit-
tee on Commerce in this branch, and in all cases,
I think I may say, without a single exception,
they have asked an interview with the Secretary
of the Treasury, with regard to them, because he
has had the superintendence of their erection. I
would therefore suggest to the Senator the pro-
priety of committing this resolution to that com-
mittee, as the most rapid method of disposing of
it I think he will find less obstruction to its pas-
sage by that mode. If there is no real objection
to it, it can then be ascertained, and if there is, it
can be stated and met.
Mr. COLLAMER. Wc have no such com-
mittee. , ,, ,
Mr. HAMLIN. But we shail have.
Mr. WARD. I have no objection to the res-
olution taking the usual course, which will sub-
mit it to alfthe examination necessary, ine
only reason why I have asked that it be passed
immediately, is the one I have stated, that the
parties are now in waiting and willing to under-
take the work, as the plan is proposed to be al-
tered. It is for the Secretary of the Treasury to
consider the propriety of that alteration. The res-
olution provides that if the change shall be made,
the building shall not cost any more than has al-
ready been appropriated. If it is altered, as pro-
posed, it will give as much room on the two floors,
as it would in three under the original plan. It
is merely a matter of choice With' tht people of
Galveston. " ' - :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will lie on the table for the present, until the
committees are formed. - ;
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT. , *
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it Vas 1
Ordered, That the usual number of the report of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing be printed.
PETITION. '
Mr. KING presented the petition of Carl
Becker, of New York, praying for an increase of
pension; which was ordered to lie on the table.
BILfcS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were read twice by their titles,
and ordered to lie on the table until the commit-
tees are formed:
A bill (S. No. 460) to authorize the establish-
ment of a northern Pacific mail route; _ -
A bill (S. No, 4G1) for the construction of a
wagon road from Port Abercrotnbie, on the Red
River of the North, to Seattle, on Puget Sound,
in the Territory of Washington; and
A bill (S. No. 459) authorizing the Secretary
of War to pay the expenses of Captain James
Starkcy's company of volunteers, incurred by
order of the Governor of the Territory of Min-
nesota.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr, RICE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill extending to Minnesota
the provisions of the swamp land act.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate, then
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 10, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. M. Carson.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DELEGATE FROM ARIZONA.
Mr.'BOYCE. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That Hon. Sylvester Mowry, claiming to tie a
Delegate from Arizona, be admitted to the privileges of Ihe
floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that Ari-
zona is a part of the Territory of New Mexico,
and I do not see why we should admit two Del-
egates from that Territory. I object.
Mr. BOYCE. It is only intended that he shall
have the privilege of the floor—not to receive
him as a Delegate.
ei-eanor gardner.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the consent of the
House to withdraw the papers from the files of
the House in the case of Eleanor Gardner, widow
of Henry Gardner.
Mr. MORGAN. For what purpose r
Mr. B ARlvSDALE. I suppose it is to present
them m the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection if copies
are left. . . ,
The SPEAKER. When papers are withdrawn
to be presented in the Senate, it is not usual to
leave copies. ,.
Mr. MORGAN. Very well. I do not object.
The order for leave to withdraw was accord-
ingly made.
j impeachment of judge watrous.
i The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
! ness to be the consideration of the resolutions re -
| ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, m the
: case of Judge Watrous. .
Mr. Chapman from that committee had submit-
ted the following resolution:
That John C. Watrous, United States district
ju^ge for tl'e district of Texas, be impeached for high crimes
and misdemeanors.
Mr. Ready, from the same committee, had sub-
mitted the following as a substitute:
Resolved, That the testimony taken >«fore the Commit-
tee on the iudiciaiv in the ease 01 the Hon. John C. \\ at-
° jud e Of the flu-met court ofthe United Mate* for the
Saeii'ru district of Texas, is insufficient to justify the pro-
