1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
not till a long time after these suits bad been in-
stituted in his courts, and were pending there.
What a strange commentary is this upon the
answer of Judge Watrous i We are ied to sup-
pose from reading his answer, that he knew of
no litigation, nor supposed that any would be-,
come necessary about the La Vega lands, until
after the supreme court of Texas had, in the case
of Hancock, vs, McKinney, by a division of the
judges, left the law on the case uncertain; which
want of unanimity on the part of the judges,
alone rendered litigation in this case necessary.
Jud e Watrous says, that thereupon he applied
to Judge Hughes to know the cost of commenc-
ing a suit in the State courts, and was answered
$200; which he " paid out of his own pocket to
insure the certainty that litigation which he had
not anticipated, but which had now become ne-
cessary, .should be had in the State courts." He
then says:
" I have been informed hv Judge Hughe?, that he did po
bring the suit. But Mr. Lapsley, who had control of the
matter, by reaxm of tlic legal title, was unwilling to trust
tho <leiri>ion of thp State court-*, and wished the decision
of the Supreme Court of the Unwd States, and directed
the suit to be brought m the district cornt of the United
States at Galveston.'"
This is a shallow prevarication, and a " most
lame and impotent conclusion."
i desire now to trace the litigation commenced
by Lapsley to its end. In 1851, these suits were
instituted m Judge Watrous's court. Who was
the marshal that served the writs? Archibald M,
Hughes, the son of the plaintiffs attorney. In
March, 1851, after these suits were instituted at
Galveston, Congress provided by law for three
other courts to be held by Judge Watrous, in
Texas, at Brownsville, at Tyler, and at Austin.
That law required the judge at Galveston to dis-
tribute his causes among districts to which they
respectively belonged. The Lapsley cases be-
longed to the Austin district, as the defendants
resided in that vicinity; and it became the duty
of Judge Watrous to transfer them there. In the :
court calendar, which was before the committee, f
for the April and May terms, these cases are J
marked " continued," in Judge Watrous's hand- |
writing. No order was ever made for the removal j
of the Spencer case to Austin. No application was ;
ever made for its removal there. These cases, j
which were in some way pending in Judge Wat- :
rous's court ail this time, from 1^51 to 1852, were |
then, it is claimed, by stipulation of the parties in \
court, on which an order was entered, removed !
to Austin. They were continued in 1853. In the ,
fall of 1654, they were removed to New Orleans. |
Throughout all this time Mr. Spencer, the me- ;
moriaiist, never appeared in court, after the May j
tprm, lb51, at Galveston, and yet the orders in .
these cases are entered as by agreement. j
in one of the Lapsley cases, under date of 6th ;
January, 185:2,1 find this order m the minutes of j
the court: t
••John \V. Lnpsley rs. James Marlin, (erroneously en- j
tertHl ) It appt;<ir:ng to the couit that the defendant in this >
eau*e icsido- within the limits assigned to the brancu of the '
riwtuei eouif of the United States toi the district of Texas, !
held at Aiwm, upon the inotion of Paul defendant, by his i
mtorncj , Juhn Taylor, fliq., U is oidered th-it thi* cause he |
transfeired to the &aid branch of the said couit at Austin, !
and that the clerk of this eouit forward the paper* and pro- j
eeeduigs therein." :
A similar order was entered in the case of Laps-
ley vs. Mitchell & Warren, and marked erro-
neously entered."
A Utile further on, in the same minute book, is
an entry which leads as follows:
'• 316 John XV. Lap?le\ vs. Jame  Marhn. This day came
tlir pai tu1!-, by thoa attorneys, and theieupon the judtre pre-
siding; having stated that he could not sit m this ca>c by
lea-un of a phonal interest, and of an intesest of persons
a\ Hit w [)'>iu h« i< connected by blood, m a parr of the sul>- j|
p'ct-in.ut M in oontf-t. tiie sanl pames, by their attorney, !
u'.'m'c that tin- lit-transferred to the dirtnct at Ausim.
And fui t her. it i> Htrieed tinf Uie continuances, and ail or her
onb-is heuio.oie made, bo <*onceted <o as to read as made
bv 'consent of p.uues, and not by ordei of couit."
A similar entry was also made in the case against
jVhtchi'll & Warren, and seven other of the Laps-
iov cases', hut not in Spencer's case.^
'John Taylor, Esq., upon the subject of these
orders, say.*:
1 see theie ordeis n.uie purporting to have been made
by eoi.M'iit, and ;f I did not rely upon rnj motion torbuns-
mg ihem up. U'e\ nm-t ot course have gone up under an
asrio'-ment ot mat Kind lint to any a^ieement or eon-
sent of the precise ltnpoif of the one which f see embodied
in the minute-*. 1 have not now the nioM distant or taint
uieollceuou. Oa the coMiary, I do not ^ee how I could
have made an agreement of that kind, on the ground there
alleged of the interest of Judge Watrous in the subject-mat-
ter of controversy, because their removal to Austin did not
obviate the difficulty. The same disqualification would
have existed in Austin a3, at Galveston, and the grounds al-
leged as the cause of transfer would have been nugatory,
puerile, and silly on their face.
" Question, (by Mr. Billinohcrst.) Suppose that you
and Judge Hughes were negotiating about a counsel to try
the cases?
"Jinswer. I was going on to remark, that as to any ar-
rangement at that time at Galveston, which might have
superinduced an entry of that kind, I have not now the
most faint or distant recollection, nor have I at this time
the most faint or distant recollection of having had at that
time a knowledge of such a cause or reason for any such
agreement or arrangement. Such a proceeding or expecta-
tion could not, in fact, have been grounded on that. The
momenta piopobitionto substitute a counsel to try the cases
was presented to me, it was repelled* and my consent was
peremptorily refused." * * * * "They were
taken up from Galveston, a* I have always understood, by
viitue of my motion." * * * + "I followed
them up; had my consultations, and made my preparations
solely with the view to try them in Austin in the ordinary
course; wiueh is altogether inconsistent with what appeal's
on the face of the entries."
Why was this done; these entries changed in
January, 1852? That court lasted but a few days.
But little business was done; 1 think I can tell you
why. Charges were pending here against Judge
Watrous, and he was anxious to close up the busi-
ness of the terra and hurry on here to defend him-
self. When he had found "that he had been making
orders in cases in which he was himself interested,
and that charges were about to be made against
him, he changed the orders mine pro tunc, and
made them appear as if entered bv consent of par-
ties; and that, too, when Mr. Taylor and Mr.
Howard both swear that they never gave any such
consent. In the Spencer case, neither Spencer or
his counsel ever appeared in court after the May
term of 1851, while the cases remained mTexas.
There were eleven of these cases, and that of Mr.
Spencer, the memorialist, was one, and the orders
made in the other eases, as by consent and agree-
ment, in no way apply to him, because he was
not represented in court.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is said that Judge Wat-
rous is not to be held responsible fortius, because
it was the agreement of the parties—the agree-
ment of the counsel. I would ask this intelligent
body of lawyers, who was the party in that court ?
Was it John W. Lapsley, who owned one tenth
of the interest, any more than it was John CT.
Watrous, who owned one fourth of the interest?
John C. Watrous invested John W. Lapsley with
the title to his lands, and createjl him his general
agent and attorney, and so long as he did not re-
strict him in the powers given, he invested him
with all the powers he had himself. Robert
Hughes, the attorney of John W. Lapsley, who
conducted the suits, was the attorney of John C.
Watrous; thus, the suits, when called on the cal-
endar, so far as Judge Watrous was concerned,
stood in this relation: Jolm C, Watrous vs. Eli-
plias Spencer, and John C. Watrous ts. the other
defendants. He knew that. Who agreed to con-
tinue these eases? Who agreed to transfer them
to Austin ? Was it Judge Hughes? Was it Laps-
ley ' it was John C. Watrous. As an individ-
ual, speaking through Hughes, he agrees to con-
tinue the cases; and then, as a court, sitting upon
the bench, he orders them to be continued' upon
the strength of this agreement. Shall he escape
from the charge of misconduct in office by the plea
that this was not an official act ?
It seems that when the agreement was made at
Selma, investing Lapsley with the title to the
land he gave these parties a trust deed, one stip-
ulation of which was that it should be recorded
in each of the States of Alabama and Texas. It
never was so recorded. Why? League gives
the true solution of that. He says that he was
not going to furnish them with a stick to break
his own head with; he was not going to publish
to the world that the Federal judge of Texas, in
whose court the cases were pending, was inter-
ested. No, sir; so shrewd a land speculator as
Thomas M. League, the confidential friend, the
old client, the partner of John C. Watrous, was
not thus going to break his own head, or be de-
prived of the use of a Federal tribunal. Judge
Watrous says, in his answer, that it was stipu-
lated that this deed should be recorded, and he
emphasises it; but he follows that, by saying, with-
out emphasis, that he does not know whether it
was ever recorded or not; and it is proved by
Lapsley that it never was recorded in either of
the States. Was there in this an intention <m the
part of the judge and his confederate! to secrete
this interest ? He says, in his answer, ths^t his
interest was known to his marshal, to his*cleik,
to his officers, to his counsel, Judge Hrughes, and
to the counsel of the parties. Is thisi tineas to
the defendants and their counsel ? Spencer swears
that he was in couft when the suits were called,
and that there was no disclosure. We call How-
ard, the counsel, and he swears there was no dis-
closure of in terest. We call Taylor, who appeared
for some of the defendants, and. he swears that in
1852, when he made the motion for these cases to
go to New Orleans, Judge Watrous did say some-
thing about being related to the parties by blood
or marriage, but not such as, in the judgment
of Mr. Taylor, would be a disqualification; but
never discovered any pecuniary interest. He says
the impression was renting on his mind; he is not
certain whether he got it there or got it subse-
quently at Austin; but he had the impression that
Judge Watrous disclosed an interest in 1852, but
it was not a pecuniary interest. In fact, Judge
Hughes, who ought to know, swears there was
no disclosure by the Judge, until Taylor moved
a change of venue to Austin, which was in Jan-
uary, 1852. Now, Judge Watrous has been able
to prove, through the officers of his court, who
.live through his forbearance, many things; and
they prove many things that do not redound to
his judicial purity.
After this Spencer case was removed to be tried
in New Orleans, the old gray-headed man heard
by accident that it had been removed, and, poor
man as he was, he started off five or six hundred
miles to New Orleans to defend his case. He
says that when he arrived there, he went into
court and mingled with the crowd of spectators;
that Hughes rose and moved for the trial of the
Lapsley cases, intimating that there would be no
defense; that then he appeared and stated that he
was Mr. Spencer, and that he had come to defend
his ease; that ho had just arrived in New Or-
leans, and desired time to consultcounsel. He did
consult counsel. The case was tried and the jury
hung; on the second trial, the jury rendered a
verdict against Spencer. The case passed to
the Supreme Court of the United States; and my
honorable friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Tap-
pan] cites the affirmation of that judgment as a
confirmation of the course of Judge Watrous in
his own court and in the court held at New Or-
leans. Now, sir, I will not impugn the court of
the United States in New Orleans, but be it under-
stood that the decision of that court was made
when the power of attorney was used and was
supposed to be genuine.
It was not until after this suit had been tried
that the power of attorney was discovered to be a
forgery. Subsequent to that trial, circumstances
arose which led to the suspicion that it had been
forged, and the court caused an inquiry to Be in-
stituted with a view of affecting the other cases.
A commission was sent from New Orleans to
Mexico to take the testimony of Thomas de la
Vega and of the custodian of the archives, who had
the protocol, as the original of this power of at-
torney was called. The testimony was taken. La
Yega swears he never executed the power of attor-
ney to sell, but executed the one to locate and
survey. The custodian testifies that upon an ex-
amination of the archives he finds such a power
of attorney among the archives, executed by Jose
Maria de Aguirre alone, not by Raphael de Aguirre
or Thomas de la Vega, although their names
appear in the body of the instrument. _ But not
having been executed by all the parties whose
names appear m the body, notwithstanding that
it was executed by Jose Maria deAguirro, he tes-
tified to a conclusion of law that it was null and
void. The commission is brought back to New
Oilcans, and the testimony taken thereon placed
on the files of the court, to be used in the causes re-
maining for trial. A copy of this testimony is sent
on to Thomas M. League and to Judge Hughes,
m Galveston,Texas. League receives it and hur-
ries off to Judge Watrous for counsel. Watrous
advises him to go to Alabama and see the parties
interested there. He goes to Alabama, and the first
man he meets is Lapsley. lie says'to Lapsley,
" now that your title to the land is questioned, I
want you to release me from my warranty."
Lapsley, without, hesitation,releases him. Does
that look like an honestand fair transaction ? If it
