26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
had been such, would Lapsley, who had invested
his means in this enterprise, have been likely to
have released the only responsible man connected
with it?
AfterLapsley had released League, be advances
him $2,500, and authorizes him to incur as much
additional expense as may be- necessary to go to
Mexico and establish their title. League then
goes back to Galveston, findst Judge Watrous,
and says: " Lapsley has released me from my
warranty, and I ask you also to release me."
Judge Watrous, without hesitation, rcleaseshim,
although this man League was worth $100,000,
or more, and although, if the power of attorney
proved to be forged, they would have nothing to
show for their money; yet they were willing to
release him from his warranty. Does it look
like an honest transaction? League then starts
for Mexico, and proceeds as far as Brownsville,
Texas, some two hundred miles, where a court
of Judge Watrous was held. He takes Judge
Watrous's clerk there, Francis J. Parker, and
starts for SaltiUo, Mexico, to find that old man,
Juan Gonzales, who passed the teslamonio, or
issued the copy of the power of attorney. They
took a man by the name of Treanor, an Irishman
living at Matamoras, and proceed as far as Mon-
terey, where League and this clerk, Parker, halt.
League then invests Treanor with plenary pow-
ers in the enterprise, and directs him to proceed
to Saltiilo. Treanor found, at SaltiUo, Juan Gon-
zales, an old man nearly blind from a cataract,
though his sight had been partially restored. He
examine^ the document presented by Treanor,
and recognizes his rubric; but his vision is too
much impaired to speak of the handwriting. Now,
I do not believe I can enlighten the House in any
way better than to present this transaction in Mr.
League's own language:
" Question. What was the expense to you of the procure-
ment of Treanor and Gonzales?
"•Answer. The whole cost was something between five
or six thousand dollars. I speak of tins trip to Moxico to
get Una testimony.
" Q«e.?dion. That is what I speak of—did that cost between
five or six thousand dollars ?
"•Answer. Yes, sir; I paid for expenses to Mexico,
$4,173 72, and charged for my services $1,250. That makes
tile total &5,423 72.
" Question. How much of that $4,000 was toTieanor for
his services ?
" Answer. I paid Mr. Treanor something like thirteen
hundred dollars.
" Question. How much did you give Gonzales?
" Answer. 1 found out that there was a difficulty in regard
to the power of attorney at New Orleans. I had not the
'slightest idea in the world that there was anything in the
matter but what was perlectly fair and right, and I thought
that the power of attorney was perfectly fair. The first in-
timation we got of it was a copy of some tvstimony taken
ex parte, which we knew nothing about, to show that that
power of attorney m Salullo was not signed by Thomas de
la Vega, or by Raphael de Aguirre. A copy of the power
of attorney was sent to us by Mr. Guriey, the clerk of the
court at New Orleans.
" Question, (by the chairman.) Who do you mean by
< us?'
" Answer. Judge Hughes and myself. That was the first
1 knew of anything of the kind, and f then went to Selma,
Alabama, to see Mr. Lapsley. There was still a case
which was not tried at New Oilcans, and Judge Hughes
and I came to the conclusion that a matter of tin.- kind,
even after the cases were tried, would be likely to leave a
bad impression on the minds of the judges, and that we
should do away with any such impression. 1 went after-
wards to Selioa, and saw Mr Lap.-ley. In confcrcnce with
Mr. Lapsley, I concluded I had better go to Mexico. Mr.
Lapsley then gave me a diafl on New Orleans for some-
thing? like $2,500, which I took there and had cashed.
" Question. How came you to think that you wanted so
much money as that?
" Answer. It was a long distance away up in the mount-
ains, and I always want plenty of money when I go any-
where.
" Question. What did you estimate it would cost there ?
" Answer. I could not state.
" Question. How much did you ask Mi. Lapsley for?
" Ansu er. I wanted more than he gave me.
" Question. How much did you want?
" Jinswer. 1 wanted six or seven thousand dollars.
" Question. That was as much as you paid lor the land ?
"Answer. It was my intention, as I wanted peace and
quiet, to buy any outstanding claims that there might be.
If there wsw difficulty about the title, I would have bought
the title of La Vega." ******
" Question* How much did you give Gonzales?
" Jinswcr. We paid Mr. Gonzales, [ think, $1,300.
" Question. In addition to his expenses ?
" Jinsuer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Did you bring anybody else from Mexico ?
" Jinswer. He was the only man. First, I took Mr. Gon-
zales to Itio Grande City ; it was. the nearest point in Texas.
He was an old man, and he had to have a carnage and
horses to bring him there. We took his testimony.
" Question. What did you take ins testimony to ?
" *tfrt.su;£7\ As to the power of attorney. I took with me
when 1 went there, Mr. F. J. Parker, United States com-
missioner. The clerk of the court at Brownsville went
with me as United States commissioner.
" Question. You had not the original power of attorney ?
e( Answer. I had the testimonio. I could not get the ori-
ginal power unless I took all the books with it. The original
power remained in the office. After we got Mr. Gonzales
to Rio Grande City we took his testimony ; but as that kind
of testimony which is taken ex parte is viewed with suspi-
cion, and this was a matter of considerable importance, I
thought that it would be much belter if I could prevail on
him to go to Louisiana, and give in his testimony before the
court there. I got Mr. Treanor to converse with inrn.
While we were there the steamboat came puffing up to-
wards Rio Grande City. We told him that if he would go
with us he would see a steamboat and a railroad, things
which he had never seen. ' How prettily,' he said, ' we
can go on that boat and be taken to New Orleans.' By
talking with him in that way we got him to agree to go
with us. He said he left some hides m his vats, which he
was afraid would be lost. He was a tanner, and one of the
old <md wealthy men of Salullo. His honor had been im
pugned, and he felt as much interest m this as we dvd. He
said if this was peijury, that he was the man who had com-
mitted it, or was cognizant of it. He said that he wanted to
show his children that he was a man of honor. I asked
him what would be the cost of the hides—what he would
lose if they weie lost in his vats ? lie said some seven or
eight hundred dollars. I said that I would pay for the hides
if he would come along. By that means we got him to Lou-
isiana. Ue went to Louisiana, and gave in his testimony
before the court; and he was cross-examined by I he defend-
ant's counsel, Mi. Clack. His testimony is now filed in that
court."
They took his testimony at an expense of $7,000,
and then John Treanor took him in custody as he
would a prisoner, and delivered him safely at his
home in Mexico. Was all this necessary in a
bona fide transaction ? Are we to say that all this
was fair?
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that this was a con-
spiracy. Let me read an extract as to " con-
spiracy" from 1 Greenleaf on Evidence, sec. XI:
" The connection of individuals in the unlawful enter-
prise being thus shown, every act and declaration of each
member of the. confederacy, in puwianee of the ongmal
concerted plan, and with reference to the common object,
is, in contemplation of law, the act and declaration of thein
all; and in, therefore, original evidence against each of
them. It makes no difference at what time any one entered
into the conspiracy. Every one who doesentei intoacom-
rrion purpose or design, is geneially deemed, in law, a party
to every act which had before been done by others in fur-
therance of such common design."
I have read this for the purpose of showing that
Judge Watrous himself is responsible for all this;
the law fixes it upon him, but we need not resort
to legal intendment or to any circumlocution in
this case to pin the judge; he is the principal who
dictated these movements, and who has been con-
sulted atevery step.
I see that my time is fast passing away, and I
must hasten on to present and review other points
of the case. In the brief hour alloted me, I am
sensible that I shall not be able to do either the
subject or myself justice.
Judge Watrous, disregarding the proprieties
of his judicial position, entered into partnership
with two leading litigants in his court during the
pendency of their litigation. If the gentlemen from
Texas shall conclude to take part m this discus-
sion, they will be able to inform the House better
than I can of the tenure by which land was held
in Texas. They can explain the various terms
of littoral leagues, Spanish grants and Mexican
grants, and various other land titles.
When Texas became a part of the Union, much
litigation grew out of the unsettled condition of
land titles. The heaviest litigants in the Federal
court were non-residents, who endeavored to es-
tablish their titles under Mexican grants. Among
these litigants, Colonel Christie, of New Orleans,
Thomas M. League — not then in the Federal
court, but in the State court—Dr. Cameron, of
Mexico, Powers, and Hewitson, and various
others, were extensive landowners. While Cam-
eron was litigating for hundreds of thousands of
acres of land, in the Federal court presided over
by Judge Watrous, .Tnd^e Watrous, on his invita-
tion, went with him to Mexico, and there entered
into a speculation in a silver mine. He accom-
panies this heavy land litigant, whose counsel is
Judge Hughes, and engages in a silver mine spec-
ulation with him in Mexico, when his cases in
the Federal court are yet undetermined.
The Powers and Hewitson colony or grant was
an extensive tiactof land, and the litigation of the
title to it was going on in Judge Watrous's court.
Judge Hughes was the plaintiff's counsel. Hew-
itson lived in Mexico and Powers in Texas. The
litigation was carried on in Hewitson's name.
Powers bought Hewitson's interest. ButPowers
and Hewitson had litigation also in the State
courts. Let Mr. League again speak for him-
self:
" Question, (by Mr. Clark.) You never knew before that
Hewitson could prove the handwriting of Gonzales ?
'"Jinswer. Never before.
"Question. At what time did you first become a party
plaintiff or defendant in Judge Watrous's court?
"Jinswer. It must have been after the first Tuesday in
July, 1850.
uQuestion. Do you recollect the occasion ?
"Jinswer* Yes.
"Quesiion. What was the occasion?
"Answer. The occasion was this: after I had changed
my residence to the city of Baltimore, I became acquainted
with James Power. I changed my lesidenee, if 1 mistake
not, about the last of Apul or the fir^t of May, 1850. I
made up my mind to remove to the city of Baltimore, and
sent my family to the North. After they weie gone, [ be-
came acquainted with James Power, while I was yet in
Texas. He was an empressario of Power and Howitsou's
colony. I was in Judge Hughes's office one day when
Judge Hughes and Power were speaking over the business.
Power had come up from his place on the Gulf, and was
about changing his re<idence fiom Texas to New Orleans,
so as to be able to bring suits in the United States courts,
because, he said, his interest was large, and he was afraid
to tru^t the courts of that countiy. Hughes and he talked
for some time while I passed m and out. Power said it
would be a very great and heavy sacrifice for him to change
his residence. One thing led to another, and I became in-
terested with Power, and Judge Hughes interested with me.
Judge Hughes was to do all the legal part of the matter,
and I wai to fhrm-h all the money in Power's business. It
wa-s Powei and Hewitson's colony, but Hewitson had sold
out to Power.
'"Question, (by Mr. Bii.linghurst.) Was that Doctor
James Hewitson?
"Jinswer. Yes; it was understood at the tune, that
Hewitson had sold his interest to Power.
"Question, (by Mr. Clark.) You became interested in
Powei's suits ?
"Jinswer. I did.
" Question. And m the suits to be brought ?
"Amwer. Yes; there was at that time large suits pend-
ing in the State couits at Texas, in the name of Power, but
I also took on myself to carry on the whole business. Pow-
er's title was transfeired to me. The only instrument that
passed between us was a matter of litigation, and was
pa-wed upon by the Supreme Court of the United States.
These wore the fiisf suits of any description that I ever
brought in Judge Watrous's court; whether the Lapsley
suits or these were brought first or hist, I cannot say.
" Question What did you do with the suit* that were
instituted in the State courts in the name of Power before
this transler to you ?
"Answer. 1 puisued them in the State courts. Some
one. two, or possibly three,were dismissed by Judge Hughes,
my counsel, and i paid costs.
<• Question. About how many suits were there in the
State couits in Texas, pending in the name of Power, or of
Power and Hewitson?
"Answer. I think some seven or eight; three of which
were dismissed.
" Question. What disposition was made of the others?
"Answer. They were prosecuted.
Question. To trial ?
Answer. Yes.
" Question. In the State courts ?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. How many suits were brought in the Fed-
eral com t by Judge Hughes in your name, as plaintiff, after
your arrangement with Mr. Power?
*• Answer. I cannot tell; I think not more than seven
or eight.
" Question. Were these suits tried ?
" Jinsu-er. There was but one suit tried in Judge Wat-
rous's court. As well as I recollect, it was the case of
Thomas M. League against William H. Jones.
'• Questioyi. Do you recollect any other suit than that in
which you were plaintiff that was ever tried before Judge
Watrous, after May, 1850?
'•* Answer. There was one other case that came to trial
—Thomas M. League vs. Daniel Atclnson.
" Question. Did that suit result from your arrangement
with Power?
"• Answer. It had nothing to do with it; it was totally iso-
lated.
" Question. Who instituted the suits which Mr. Hughes
brought in your name as plaintiff, in pursuance of your ar-
rangement with Power?
Jinsuer. 1 have just explained that Hughes and I were
partner.-., and he had much power and authority as I. He
did the legal part, and I furnished the money. lie was
equal with me, and was athbcityto do what he pleased in
my name."
In one of the suits thus instituted by League,
Judge Watrous decided, when the question was
raised, that League was not a citizen of Texas,
but a citizen of Maryland. The case went to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and the Su-
preme Court decided that he was not a citizen of
Maryland,.and he was turned out of court. The
case is reported 18 Howard, 76. Mr. League, in
his testimony here, swore that he immediately
returned to Texas, and reconveyed the land to
the original parties, and that they reconveyed it
toa man named Williams, in North Carolina, and
doubtless the same farce is to be reenacted in the
same court, in the name of Williams.
Mr. Love, the clerk of the court, swears that
League's litigation in Judge Watrous's court
commenced in 1850. Now, at this same time that
League is buying from Powers, m order to litigate
