1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in Judge Watrous's court, Judge Watrous goes
into partnership with him in the Lapsley pur-
chase. What was Hughes to do in this purchase
from Powers? Powers was to have one third in-
terest. The title was to go to League. He was to
furnish all the expenses of the litigation. Hughes
was to have one third for conducting the litiga-
tion , as a professional man. While we find Wat-
rous in partnership with League, we find League,
also, in partnership with Hughes, and both in
partnership with Power; and Watrous in part-
nership with Cameron; and we find all these
parties litigating in Judge Watrous's court, all
speaking through the same man—Judge Hughes;
and with the most intimate relations existing be-
tween them all. Is it to be said that Judge Wat-
rous could sit on'that bench and administer jus-
tice through a pure channel.' Could he hold the
balance fairly? It is not to be believed. Are
not these charges sufficient to put him upon his
trial ?
I proceed from this point to the consideration
of another question, which is the action of Judge
Watrous in sitting on the trial of the cause of
Ufford vs. Dykes. I have said there were three
grants in one. Watrous is interested in the La
Vega grant. The plaintiff in the suit of Ufford
and Dykes was interested in the Raphael de
Aguirre grant—the one in regard to which this
power of attorney was forged. Watrous sat on
the trial of that cause, and pronounced judgment j
in it. He charged the jury in so many words I
that the title was (rood. That title had to pass '
in review before him. He was interested in the ,
original grant. He was interested in the power j
of attorney. If it was not a misdemeanor on his j
part, it was grossly indelicate to sit on the trial |
of this cause. It was creating judicial authority—. I
a precedent that might be cited in his case at New ,
Orleans, and in other litigations growing out of j
this grant—for it would not necessarily appear j
there that Judge Watrous was interested in the i
case. This act alone may not be a sufficient
ground of impeachment, but when considered
in connection with the manner in which Judge
Watrous insinuated his favorite counsel, Judge
Hughes, into the defense, for covert purposes,
and with other facts elicited in the evidence, in my
judgment it constitutes an impregnable ground of
impeachment. j
Another thing, Mr. Speaker. In 1852, the case
of Ufford and Dykes was removed from Galveston j
to Austin. After it was removed, and while the j
order for its removal remained unrevoked, Judge j
Watrous allow the plaintiff to take a judgment by |
default at Galveston. Afterwatds Thomas P. j
Hughes wants to have it reopened, and employs [
Mr. Hartley to aid him. Mr. Hartley files two j
motions before Judge Watrous at Galveston, the |
one in arrest of judgment, the other for a new !
trial. While these motions are pending, the court j
adjourns. In the evening Judge Hughes meets Mr.
Hartley m one of the cross streets, and says, " I
have come from Judge Watrous's room, where I [
left Mr. League. Judge Watrous is in great em-
He
moment, believe it. Sir, this judge is a link in a
circular chain, made up of himself, of land spec-
ulators litigating in his court, and of officers who
live on the crumbs of this court, linked together
forcommongain. In my judgment,he was as well
advised of the criminality of his connections as
any one could be. It is utterly impossible that
he could have been ignorant of it. He was either
the dupe of designing men, or he was guilty of
corrupt collusion with them.
Nor is Dr. Hewitson a useless plaintiff in the
judge's court. The Lapsley cases remained long
in court untried. The delay was not, as has been
charged, attributable to the defendants. The
plaintiff was never ready for trial until after they
were sent to New Orleans. Wliy? Because the
testimonio would not prove itself; it required sub-
stantiating evidence. While Judge Hughes was
trying the Ufford and Dykes case at Galveston, 111
1855, Dr. Hewitson was in attendance upon the
court, with causes pending therein. Judo;e Wat-
rous's case was then pending in New Orleans.
Hewitson wasfromSaltillo.and must have known
of Gonzales. He is inquired of, and found to pos-
sess the requisite knowledge. His evidence is
taken as to the authenticity of this testimonio.
He swears to the signature of Gonzales, and that
he is dead, Yet, in July, 1857, this same Gon-
zales, whom Hewitson swears is dead in 1^55,
is taken to New Orleans at great expense, and
there testifies. Are there two Gonzales ? Dr.
Hewitson is examined before A. M. Hughes, the
son of Judge Hughes, who certifies that he took
the deposition ex parte, because neither Spencer
nor his counsel resided within one hundred miles.
At that same time Robert H. Howard, the attor-
ney of Spencer, resided in Galveston.
I have said the evidence discloses that repeated'
improper practices on the part of officers of the
court have been permitted to go unrebuked.
The marshal has taken jurors from Galveston
to make the panel at Brownsville. He has re-
peatedly summoned Francis J. Parker, the clerk
of Judge Watrous's court, at Brownsville, to
serve as a juror at Galveston. Edwin Shearer,
a deputy clerk at Galveston, and not a freeholder,
has more than once been put in the panel. It is
a remarkable circumstance, that he should have
been foreman of the jury in lite case of Ufford vs.
Dykes !
As to the Cavazos case I could not, if time
would permit, add much to what is said in our
report upon that branch of this investigation. So
without entering upon it, I put it to the serious
judgment of this House to say whether the evi-
dence does not show that Judge Watrous ought
to be put upon his trial, at the bar of the Senate,
for such official misconduct as should, under the;
constitutional tenure of his office, terminate his
official career?
It is said that a judge may buy lands. So he
may? But is it compatible with the purity of his
position to buy it of a plaintiff, litigating in his
court, and pay nothing for it?
A judge may woik silver mines; but may he,
without reproach, go into such speculation with
barrassment what to do with your motions. . ,
says he can not entertain the motion for a new trial .! a party m his court. . .
while the motion for arrest is pending. But if you ' Lord Bacon borrowed of Vanlore, a suitor be-
file an affidavit of merits with your motion for a ' fore him, il.OOO at one time and gave his bond,
new trial, ybu can have it." There was a delicate •; and <£1,000 at another time and ^ gave his bill
mode on the part of Judge Watrous to insinuate
that his friend Judge Hughes should bp employed
in the case. Asa matter of course, the defendants
employed JudgeHughes. Why should notthey do
so after this intimation, and considering his suc-
cess with Judge Watrous? Judge Hughes is there-
fore employed on the part of the defense, and while
so employed, he overrules ins juniots,and stipu-
lates to allow this testimonio, which was a forgery,
to come into the case, without raising an objection
to it, notwithstanding the junior counsel wanted
to fight it all the way through-, nay, he goes fur-
ther—he even furnishes the plaintiff with the evi-
dence, for he had it not—and admits a copy at
that. Is it a mere accident that Watrous, League,
and Hughes, are found together at this particular
time? oAire they in consultation concerning their
interests involved in Ufford, vs. Dykesf Why this
solicitude on the part of Judge Watrous to keep
This was held impeachable. In those days such
acts were called bribery. I will not so name the
acts of Judge Watrous; but I would create a ne-
cessity for the appointment of his successor.
Mr. REAGAN, i find, Mr. Speaker, by the
report in to-day's Globe, that my colleague [Mr.
Bryan] made a statement yesterday which I did
not hear distinctly at the time, but to which Idc-
siie to call his attention. He is reported as hav-
ing said:
"As one of the Representatives of Tcxa-*, I slate h<re
that Stephen F. Austin has ptated. under his own hand,
that he purchased the three rleven-leaaue giants and that
Samuel M. Williams had full power of attorney to sell
them."
The purpose for which I rise is to ask my col-
league whether it is convenient for him to lay be-
fore the House the paper on which he made that
statement, as such a statement coming from my
sr:fire | "Sri*"*-, ■ -"" &
Ko man who examines this testimony can, iora II Representative who has been swoinat your desk
to discharge his duty, that such is the fait; and
no member here will question it. I state that
Stephen F. Austin has declared, over his own sig-
nature, that he made the purchase; and I trust my
colleague will not require the paper to be'lajd be-
fore the House. 1
Mr. REAGAN. That is not an answer to
my question. Will the gentleman from whom
my colleague derived his information be jgood
enough to place the paper before the House? I
repeat, that anything coming from the great Ste-
phen P. Austin, and vouched for by the Repre-
sentative of ail aggrieved and injured people, who
are here seeking for the impeachment of one of
their judges, must have an important influence
in this matter? .Will my colleague present the
paper, or can a copy of it be had ?
Mr. BRYAN. [ state that I have the paper,
and it is not necessary to present it. At a proper
time and in a proper place, however, I will, if
called upon, present it.
Mr. READY. It has been my misfortune, Mr.
Speaker, as a member of the Judiciary Commit-
| tee, to differ with some of my. honorable eol-
1 leagues in regard to the charges preferred against
Judge Watrous. That ditference of opinion has
resulted from the different views which gentle-
men sometimes necessarily take of the same sub-
ject-matter, while, at the same time, they are all
anxiously desirous to arrive at a proper conclu-
sion. I have labored with all assiduity to arrive
at a correct conclusion in regard to these charges
against Judge Watrous. I was as anxious and de-
sirous, perhaps, as any other gentleman to have
, him, if he were guilty of corruption in office,
i brought before the proper tribunal to answer for
i his derelictions. I would not screen any mar,
■ from punishment if he deserved it. On the other
| hand, though charges be preferred, clamor be
| raised, and outside pressure may be brought to
! bear against him, I could not cast a stain upon
! his reputation by sending him to the Senate to be
| tried there, though he were the humblest individ-
t ual who ever sat upon the bench, unless I was
| satisfied the result of the trial would establish his
i guilt.
j I have listened with much interest to the argu-
ments which have been presented to the House
I by my worthy colleagues on the Judiciary Com-
I mittee who have arrived at a different conclusion
| from myself on this subject; and I may be per-
mitted to say that f have listened to the honora-
ble gentleman who last addressed the House with
some degiee of surprise. I had supposed that the
report made by the minority of the committee
against Jud^e Watrous would furnish the basis
ot their arguments and of any impeachment which
they might ask this House to vote against the
judge; and I was not prepared to hear a gentle-
man whose name is signed to that report, after it
had been prepared with so much care and delib-
eration, travel outside the report and make new
issues against Juds;e Watrous. Yet my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Billinghkrst] will pardon
me for saying that I think he has done so.
And now permit me simply for one moment to
call the attention of the House to the points upon
which that branch of the committee found their
. report. There are four distinct alienations of
II corruption or malfeasance in office. The first is
ii that, while holding the office of district judge, he
!' engaged wifh other persons in speculating ^ im-
p mense tracts of land situated within his judicial.
I1 district, the title to which he knew was in dispute
j and where litigation was inevitable.
!i The second is, that he allowed his court to be
I used as an agent to aid himself and partners in
j, speculations in land and to secure ail advantage
II over oilier persons with whom litigation was ap-
il prehended. . .
j! The third is, that he sat as judge in the trial of
|l causes where he was personally interested in the
!' questions involved.
,1 And the fourth is, that he was guilty of a par-
j; ticipation in the improper procurement of tcsti-
11 mony to advance his o\vn and his partners inter-
' | ^Now, sir, there is nothing there charging Judge
j1 Watrous with entering into a conspiracy or agree-
I; ment with his associates by which he and they
I! were to procure titles to large tracts of land vested
j| in a non-resident of the State of Texas, so as to
j! give him jurisdiction as judge of the Federal court
11 to preside over and decide the trials of those suite.
