THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
It is true such a charge was made in the memo-
rial of Eiiphas Spencer, but it is equally true that
the gentleman from Wisconsin and his associates
who agreed with him in the Judiciary Commit-
tee, abandoned the charge. They .make no allu-
sion to it in their report. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chapman] made his argument
yesterday upon this report, endeavoring to sus-
tain the four propositions which it contains, with-
out traveling out of it to bring up a matter which
is not alluded to in that report; and I trust I may
be pardoned for saving that it occurred to me that
the course pursued by the gentleman from Wis-
consin furnished evidence, to say the least of it,
that he felt the weakness of the positions assumed
in that report.
Mr. Speaker, this investigation is based upon
two memorials—one of Jacob Mussina, and the
other of Eiiphas Spenccr. The main burden of
the charge, however, seems to rest upon the me-
morial of Eiiphas Spencer. The arguments which
have been made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and the gentleman from Wisconsin, are in
reference to the subject-matter, in some form or
other, chaiged in the memorial of Eiiphas Spen-
cer. Whether they intend to abandon entirely
the charges contained in the memorial of Jacob
Mussina or not, 1 do not know. Their report,
however, has a brief reference to those charges,
and in the course of my remarks, if I should have
time, though I shall address myself mainly to
the memorial of Eiiphas Spencer, and the report
upon it, yet 1 shall briefly notice the memorial
of Jacob Mussina, and the report in reference
thereto.
But before I do this, perhaps it will not be im-
proper thai I should, for one moment, refei to the j
fact that both those memorials were drown and,
in fact, presented by one and the some individual.
Simon Mussina stands hero as the prosecutor of
Judge Watrous upon both of these memorials.
This will be found by an examination of the tes-
timony in the ease. He admitted, when he was
examined as a witness, that he prepared both of
the memorials. He is the only man who has ap-
peared here as a prosecutor against Judge Wat-
rous, and hence it becomes important to ascertain
who is Simon Mudsina.
A reference to the report of the committee and
the testimony accompanying it, will show who
he is as far a.s it is necessary to my present pur-
pose. It appears that Simon Mussina, at a some-
what late period—perhaps in 1850—became in-
terested as a partner of Thomas dc la Vega, in
his grant of eleven leagues of land. He admits
that he had entered into a contract with Thomas
de la Vega, and that he had received Irom him
a power of attorney authorizing him to prosecute
suits and recover possession of the eleven-league
tract of land ; and that he, Simon Mussina, should
have a portion of the land as a compensation for
his services. It was a champerty agreement, by
which he deliberately contracted to commence and
carry on a senes of litigations, and to share in
the spoils to result from those litigations against
the "occupants of the land. And poor Kiiphas
Spencer, who is made to figure here as a memor-
ialist preferring charges against Judge Watruus,
is made a mere instrument in the hands of Simon
Mussin-a to cany out his champerty contracts
with La Vega, while he himself is not to be ben-
efited one dollar. Ay, sir, Eliphua Spencer fig-
ures here as a memorialist against Judge Watrous
' in order that he may be disgraced and dismissed
from the bench, that Simon Mussina may leap
the benefits, if any, which shall accrue from the
litigations; for, mark you, the interest of Simon
Mussina m this La Vegagrant is as directly op-
posed to the interest of Eiiphas Spencer and the
other squatters upon this land as was the mteiest
of Simon Mussina opposed to the interest of
Lapsley and his associates.
But does it not readily occur to every gentle-
man that a man who is capable of entering into
this champerty contract to secure his end—a spe-
cies, of contiact which has always been regarded
as odious under ali well-regulated Governments—
I say, does it not readily occur to evei y gentleman
that such a man as that would care very little for
the purity of the judicial ermine? And is it not
likely that the sterling honesty and unflinching
firmness of a judjre would be most obnoxious to
such a man? Why, sir, an honest judge who
\yould feailessly discharge his duty regardkus of
consequences, without the fear or favor of any
one, he would be the very last such a man as Simon
Mussina would want to preside at the trial of his
champerty law-suits.
*, Having said this much, with regard to the char-
acter of these charges, and of the persons who are
prosecuting them, I will proceed as briefly as pos-
sible to notice the points which have been made in
the reports and in the arguments upon the other
side of this question. I shall not now attempt
to go into a very elaborate examination of the en-
tire testimony. It would be impossible to do so.
An hour's time would hardly suffice to enterupon
the threshold of some thousand pages of printed
matter which lies upon the tables of members. 1
shall,therefore,content myself with referring only
to the prominent points of evidence which bear
directly upon the specifications which arc named
m the report against Judge Watrous.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I simply wish to
ask my friend from Tennessee, if, in the course
of his remarks, he will do me the favor to state
whether there is any evidence to show that Judge
Watrous was engaged in a series of speculations
in lands in Texas with parties who were then lit-
igants in his court; and if so, how many ? Because
my vote will depend upon the evidence upon that
point.
Mr. READY. I will take pleasure in respond-
ing to the question of my friend from Maryland;
and for fear 1 may not have time to do it when I
have arrived at the proper point in my argument,
1 will do so instantly.
I assert, Mr. Speaker, that there is not a syl-
lable of testi-mony in this record, from beginning
to end, going to show that Judge Watrous was
engaged in the purchase of any tiact of land at
any time or anywhere, except this single eleven-
league tract. With the exception of this one
transaction, he never engaged in any contractwith
any person who was litigating in his court, or j
persons not litigating in his court, residing within
the limits of lusjudicial district. The proof shows
that Judge Watrous had no means of speculating.
He is a poor man, in embarrassed circumstances.
The facts, which are indisputably proved, in re-
gard to the puichase of this very tract, show con-
clusively that Judge Watrous had not the means
of speculating; fo^Jt has been stated, and stated
Uuly, that to this very hour he has not paid a
dollar of his pai t of th'e puichase money, because
he had not the money to pay it with. He exe-
cuted his note, bearing interest from the date of
the transaction—the 9th or JOth of July, 1850—
and he now owes it, principal and interest. Judge '
Watrous was brought into the connection which :
lie had with this purchase as a mere matter of:
Javor, because, through his suggestion to Thomas !
M. League, he was brought into communication ;
with the capitalists in Alabama, with whom the '
contract of puichase was consummated. j
iiut I proceed to notice the fust specification m ;
the charges against Judge Watrous. It is that'!
he was engaged in the purchase of large tracts of j
land situated m his district, when he knew that j
the titles were in dispute, and when litigation m J
regard to them was inevitable. .
iN'ow, I deny that there is any testimony in this .
entire record, going to show that J udge Watrous j
knew that these titles were m dispute, or that \
there would be litigation. Mr. League testifies
that, in the fust interview he had with Judge
Watrous on the subject, whidh was an incidental
one, he stated to the judge that the title to this
land was beyond a doubt; and that he had con-
sulted and advised with Allen and Hale and Judge
Hughes, all eminent and distinguished lawyers!
of the State of Texas, who concurred in opinion i
that there could not be any doubt m reference to !
the title. Tins was at the interview in Judge ;
Watrous's room, when M r. Shearer was present. >
Judge Watrous thereupon remarked to Mr. j
Shearer, that perhaps his brother-in-law in Ala- j
bama, Air. Pnce, would like to go into the invest-
ment. The testimony to which I refer will be
found on page *214. On page 231, League is
asked:
Din you makermy communication to Judge Watrous,
aitu yoin leturn t'lom examining the land, on the quostum
whether theie would he piobable litigation m coi'aequence
of the occupation of the land by claimants-:0'
It will be remembered that two of the Alabama
gentlemen went out to Brazos with Mr. League
to look ut the land and judge of ius value for them-
selves. Mr. League answered to the question in
these words:
" No, sir; I did not expect, myself, there would be any
litigation."
Then his examination is continued, as follows:
" Question. What did you state to Judge Watrous on that
subject?
a Answer. I stated that Mr. Donohue was a tenant of
Mis. St. John's, holding under lease; that Mr.Picket claimed
three hundred and twenty acres, and a man named Sutton
claimed six hundied and forty acres, under titles from Mrs.
St. John; that they might possibly have a fence or two tun-
ning over the line, but that I did not think there would be
any litigation about it. There were also two brotheis by
the name, of Rarton, who had their certificates located on
the land, and they told me they would raise them. I had a
conversation with another person there, and he told me that
he was going away. Spcncerwas on the land at the time,
but I did not know it. I did not see Mr. Spencer."
He told J~udge Watrous that he believed there
would be no litigation. At the time the purchase
was made in Alabama, Mr. Lapsley himself had
reason to believe that there would be no contest
about it. He says that he thinks that probably
Mr. League gave his opinion that there would be
very little, if any, litigation about the lands when
the matter came to be tested: Fie said that al-
though he gave instructions to Hughes to bring
the writs, if necessary, yet he did not know that
there would be any. He thought that it was
likely those who were upon the land would aban-
don their pretensions. In point of fact several
actually did surrender them. At page 147, Mr.
Lapsley says that if the matter of bringing the
suit was talked of at all when he was negotiating
with Mr. League, he does not recollect it. It was
not even talked of.
Mr. I31LL1NGHURST. With the gentleman's
permission I will read from Lapsley's testimony,
page 121. He was asked whether it was contem-
plated at that time (at Selma) that suits were to
be brought, and he answered yes, that he calcu-
lated suits would be ncccssary.
Mr. READY. But still that was not spoken of
during the negotiations. In his testimony, at page
129, he says that he did not know that it would
be necessary to bring suits. Air. Lapsley was
examined at great length. Questions were put to
him in every conceivable form and shape for the
purpose of eliciting something, if possible, upon
which to base this charge. But we must look to
the whole testimony of Mr. Lapsley. On page
143 he says:
u If the mutter of brmgine suit was talked of at all when
wevvoic negotiating with Mr. League,! do not recollectit;
hut if it was talked of at ail.it was m an incidental manner.
It wd^ nor a maitei which entered into the^pint or consid-
eration ot the contract in any lorm or shape. I feel certain
ol that fact."
On page 213, Mr. League was asked:
"Wai anything said about the court in which the Miits
wcie to be brought; was anything said about the court or
the niodt: m which the feints write to be conducted, how
llify should be trunsfored, and when they should be trana-
teired, and whcie they should go?"
To which he answers:
"Nothing of the kind transpired in my hearing while I
was at Selma ; because when 1 made the title to Mi. Laps-
ley, it whs thought we shouid have no litigation. The cause
of the title being  put into Mr. Lapsley'd hands wa3, thathe
paid all the money. I never paidka dollar toi this land to
tins day, nor ha® Judge Wanous either."
The idea that John W. Lapsley was vested
with the title for the purpose of bringing suits in
the Federal couit,he being a citizen of Alabama,
is altogether founded in the imaginations of gen-
tlemen: for Mr. Lapsley himself states that lie
would not have gone into the purchase unless the
title was good. So much, then, Mr. Speaker, for
the charge that Judge Watrous knew that he was
purchasing a doubtful title, and that there would
be litigation.
I now propose tonotico briefly the second point,
that Judge Watrous permitted his court to be
used as an agent to aid himself and partners in
speculations m land, and to secure an advantage
over other persons with whom litigation was ap-
prehended. I see no testimony to sustain that
charge. In my judgment, it proves directly the
reverse. The whole testimony in the case goes
to show that Judge Watrous never contemplated
that a suit would be brought. In his earliest in-
terviews with League and with Lapsley on this
subject he stated his opinion that the case of Han-
cock rs. McKinney, that was pending in the State
courts of Texas, for the establishment of the Del-
valle claim, would be decisive of the title under
the La Vega grant; and he desired, if there should
