1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
the last clause was particularly objected to. I am
not very solicitous on that point.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will with-
draw that amendment I shall be glad. Of course
I prefer as few amendments to the bill as possi-
ble. It has passed the House.
Mr. YULEE. 1 will look at it, and see.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to withdraw the amendments.
Mr. STUART. Before anything further is
done with that bill, I should like to hear the re-
port to see the basis on which it is placed.
Mr. YULEE. If it meet with the general con-
sent of the Senate, I will withdraw the last amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Sandidge, of the House of Representa-
tives, on the 3d of February, 1858:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the memorial of T. C. Boiling, rcpoit:
That after the acquisition of Florida, in 1819, vanous acts
were passed by Congress for thu adjustment of pnvate land
claims within the ceded Tetruory, but the tnbunaU author-
ized to decide them weie not auihouzed to settle any which
exceeded one league square; on those claims exceeding
that quantity they were directed to repoit especially their
opinion tor the limber action of Consaess. By the sixth
section oi the act of May, 1858, all tho-o claims exceed-
ing the one league were, upon petition of the claimants, to
be adjudicated by the judges of the snpenor court o( the dis-
trict m which the land is situated. The mcmonalistshows
that on the 24th December, 1? 17, Don Jo«e (Jyppinsjer, Gov-
ernor of Florida, for ica&on-< stated, gi anted to John Huer-
tas fifteen thousand acres of land in absolute pu>pei,t> , and
that on the SUth April, 182-1, the land commissioners lecom-
mended to Confess lor confirmation the claim of Francis
J. Avice to mx thousand acres of land, in certain locality,
being a portion of the liiteen thousand gi anted to Jluertas.
(See State Paper?-, vol 4, pa'ie 450 ) On this recommend-
ation, accompanied l>v final petition, judgment of the Su-
preme Coutt of the Tinted States \v;ir delivered by Chief
Justice M.ii'rhall, (8 l'eteis, paye 1^.) couthnung the deci-
sion of the snpenor coutt of Fa-^t Flomla m lavor of the
claimants uudei UneiUis to the m.x thou-and acres men-
tioned by memotmh-t, to be located in eonfoimity with the
on^mal giant, &e., &e
Under this mandate, the <uiveyoi gencial of Florida, in
1850, located at the ptopet place two thousand m\ hundred
and si.\ty-^even and seventy hundu dth.s aeioc of the mx
thousand aor<>< ; balance being loeat<'d el>ewhere. i)i->at-
istfeti witli tins taiime to locate the whole amount in aecoid-
ance with the decree oi the Supieme C-otut, the paiiirs, in
interest obtained an order fiom th<; United States district
court m Flouda for its rejection, in so liu as it failed to
conform to that decree, and a new suivey was oidered by
the court. Tins la>t ordet has not been cai i md out by the
Land Ofiioo department, because it- exceniion might inter-
fere with claim* of othet peir-om, made in good laiih, alter
the fir-t erroneous muvc>,and who.-o claims would be rm-
braced by the extension ot the two thou-and fix hundred
and si\ty-^e\en aoio tiact, so as to make it six thou^iud
acres.
Himself unwillmg to dssuul) settlers in good faith, the
present claimant h wjlhu« to take othoi Gov<'inment lands
to make up the deficiency.
In response to a communication fioni the committee, ask-
ing tor any information to be iurm->hod by his depaitmerit,
in refeience to this chum, the Oomnnssionei of the Land
Office says: "The bill to authorize the.claimants in right
of John fiuertas to enter certain lands in Florida, which is
herewith leturned, is approved by this office, ami deemed
an aet of justice to the claimants. Although it is custom-
ary in caves of this kind for thi^ office to recommend the
restriction of such grants to lands subject to private entry,
thatiuic is depaited fiom in the pry-out instance, and the
location allowed on any lands m the State, ' ofteied or uu-
ofFered,' in cousidciation o( the difficulty of finding m the
class subject to entry land of a quality equal to that of winch
the claimant?, have been depnved."
The committee herewith report a hill, and recommend its
adoption.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida asks consent to withdraw the last
amendment made to the bill. It lequires unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment to strike out the words " offered or
unoffered " and insert " subject to private entry "
was concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
LEONARD LOOMIS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the lull (H. R. No. 281)
for the relief Leonard Loomis.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to raise
the pension of Leonard Loomis from six to eight
dollars per month, and to pay him such increased
pension from the 9th of August, 1857.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a thud reading, read the third time, and passed.
John f. cannon.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
next pioceeded to consider the hill (H. R. No.
273) for the relief of John F. Cannon
It proposes to require the Postmaster General
to pay to John F. Cannon, at the rate of $120 per
annum, for and during- the time he carried the
mail, according to his contract, in addition to the
amount already paid to him, for additional ex-
penses incurred and extra service perfornyl by
him on mail route No. 2627.
The biil was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARGARET WHITEHEAD.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 232) for
the relief of Margaret Whitehead.
Its object is to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Margaret Whitehead,
widow of William Whitehead, a boatswain in the
United States Navy, on the pension roll, and
cause to be paid to her the sum of ten dollars per
month, from the 9th of April, 1854, and to con-
tinue during her natural life or widowhood.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Case, of the House Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, on which it appeared that William White-
head, while engaged, under orders, in removing
some caimon and balls at Old Point, received a
strain in the groin, resulting in hernia, and died
of strangulated hernia and hydrocele, April 9,
1854.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
Mr. 1YERSON. T desire, before the question
is taken to say a single word, and I will not de-
tain the Senate. I do not know anything about
these bills. They are bills allowing invalid pen-
sions to persons affected by disease or wounds
received m the service of the country. I must
rely on the report of the committee. They have
had the whole case under investigation; they have
investigated it thoroughly, no doubt, and are bet-
tei able to come to a conclusion than I can my-
self, from reading the papers. J must pin my faith
on the report of the committee.
Mr. CLAY. I will say a word on the subject
of this bill. It was reported by a majority of
the committee; but I did not concur with that
majority. The objection I have to this bill is,
that it provides a pension for a new class. This
is a bill to pension the widow of a boatswain in
the Navy. Under the general pension laws, they
are not entitled to any pension whatever. Every
widow of any officer of the Navy, who dies either
of wounds received or disease contracted in the
line of his duty, whether in war or in peace, is
entitled to a pension now by the general pension
laws; but there never comes before cither House
of Congress a pension case if it is not to provide
for some class not within the pale of the general
law. The objection I have to it is this: no gen-
eral law provides for it; and, if you adopt this,
it is a precedent for a new class, and we cannot,
with any sort of equity or equality of legislation,
refuse anybody else who appeals as strongly to
our sympathy and makes as good a case. It is
by these small degrees that the pension system
has been enlarged from what it was originally
and should be now—a pension of invalids and
indigents; a pension system for those who have
received wounds or injuries in the public service
and are disabled thereby from supporting them-
selves, and have no means of support. Now we
embrace everybody, rich and poor. A pension
bill has been offered in the Senate for two or
three sessions, and pressed with great vigor and
energy, in behalf of a widow of a naval officer,
who, on inquiry of the Navy Department, I as-
certained had received, in ordinary and extraor-
dinary pay during his term of service, of some
thirty years, $150,000. Congress voted him, at
one time, §30,000; and yet a bill has been pressed
earnestly, and came very near passing the Sen-
ate, to pension his widow.
To show the exceeding fiimsiness and falseness
of the pretensions to these pensions, I will state
a case that occurred only this session, in my own
experience. I will not call names. A very worthy
widow lady, pressing a pension bill here for her
relief, sent in for me and requested an interview
with me. I stated that I was opposed on princi-
ple to enlarging the pension system; that I could
not vote for if. She appealed to my charity. I
assured her I did not think she was any object
of charity, for, that to my knowledge, her real
estate in this city was worth more than I was,
and I thought I was independent of public or
private charity. I told her that the house and lot
she occupied was itself worth as much as my en-
tire property. " Oh, sir," said she, " but it costs
so much to keepitup; you do notconsiderthat."
[Laughter.] It reminded me of the Spanish beg-
gars, who, I am told, ride on horseback when
they appeal for charity, and if anybody rebukes
them for begging when they are riding a horse,
" Oh," they say, " Senor, the greater cause to
beg, for I have my horse to feed as well as my-
self." The objection to this case is simply that
it provides for a new class. If you pass it, here-
after you will find that you will be cited to this
as a precedent, and must follow it. Therefore I
vote ngainst it.
Mr. TOOMBS. My colleague says that he re-
lies on the committees in regard to these cases.
That was a good reliance many years ago. It
was true until the last ten or fifteen years; for I
found myself on one of those committees in the
other House, when these pensions were put upon
principle. When the case camo within the prin-
ciple of the act, and came broadly within its equi-
ties, but by some special citcumstances, the pen-
sion could not be got at the office, the committee
would report in its favor. Now, however, the
committees pay no regard to principle, and last
week for the purpose of showing it, I called for
the reading of half a dozen reports. Here is a
case where you bring in another class against all
the practice of the Government, against all its
laws. .It is against all principle, and against all
our practice hitherto.
The Committee on Pensions undertakes to over-
ride the settled policy of the Government; and in-
stead of making a law to bring in a new class,
they let them in as individual cases. Six or eight
of them were read here the last private bill day.
It looks to me as if gentlemen considered it al-
most ill-natured for any one to object to a pension
hill. If we are to let them all pass without read-
ing the reports, and without objection, it is sim-
ply putting the control of the Treasury in the
hands of the committees. It ;s putting it under
the control of people who do not agree with me,
and do not agree with the majority of the Senate,
and do not themselves act on any sound princi-
ple. We can no longer rely on committees, when
they will not follow any fixed principles.
The duty of a committee, as I understand it, is
to state the principle on which they propose any
bill, and to give ns the facts of the case. When
they wish to make an exceptional case, they
should state the grounds of the exception. I have
observed that in some of these cases, a long cock-
and-bull story about a man sleeping on the ground
forty-five years ago, and catching the rheuma-
tism, and that he is, therefore, entitled to a pen-
sion. Three or four reports were read the other
day, and that was the whole account they gave.
1 objected to them. .Such cases rest on no prin-
ciple. The Pension Committee being kind-hearted
gentlemen, I suppose, report infavor of those who
solicit them the most, and I know such solicita-
tions have an effect on all of us, especially if there
is a lady in the case, and they are apt to vote for
it; but these things ought to be settled on prin-
ciple. Abuses grow up every day. Ifit is proper
to add another class to our pension list, let us do
it by general law, and not by making special cases.
Do not confine it to those who are about the Cap-
itol, and who are the most solicitous. If another
class is to be added, make it universal; extend it
to all of the class, absent as well as present. Do
not merely make an exceptional case without any
exceptional merit, or any exceptional circum-
stance whatever, such as these cases seem to be.
If, on the reading of the reports, I find they are
fairly exceptional, I do not object; but every one
of them, except two or three, to which I did not
object, on the last private bill day, are entirely
outside of any principle or any practice of the
Government, that has been settled upon consider-
ation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inclined to thinor
on the statement made by the honorable S^natte
from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,) that I shall vote
against this particular bill, although I was at first
inclined to vote for it; because I think a new class
of cases should be introduced by a general law,
and the danger which lie anticipates from the
course of legislation may fairly be apprehended.
