1859.
BuUi think the honorable Senator from Georgia
is too minute and too particular about these mat-
ters. fhere are cases which he has the capacity
to raise a laugh at, that I think may be fairly con-
sidered. I think I know particularly the case to
which lie has just alluded, or one very similar to
it, and I am in t'avor of it. Perhaps he will say
I am in favor of it because it comes from the State
of Maine. I do not know but that it is so. That
would not be very strance. If the principle which
lie lays down is a correct one, that those cases
•which come here appealing to a strong sense of
equity, but excluded from the general law by par-
ticular circumstances, ought to be considered, I
think they may fairly be left to the consideration
ofaconimittce;andifthey think,on investigation,
that the case does, on the evidence they have ex-
amined, come within the principles, it is a little
too particular to take an exception to them when
the Congressional globe.
1111
;adjourn.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and, on
the question "Shall thebill be read a third time?"
Mr. HOUSTON. I aslc for the yeas and nays.
[" No! no!"] I withdraw the call.
The question beintj put, on a division, there
were-^yf;$ 4, noes 17; no quorum voting.
MrffOGH. I move that the Senate adj
Wfi have come to that point,
Mr. STUART. Let us have a recount,. Sen-
ators are here, and willing to vote.
Mr. MASON There is manifestly a quorum
present.
Mr.STUART. I hope the Chair will put the
uestion again.
The question being: again put, there were, on a.
division—ayes 9, noes 22; no quorum voting1.
Mr. PUGH. Now I renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
1   vv t. , Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will with-
they come here, small in amount as they are, and j! draw it, and allow*me to explain. The Chair did
embraced by the principles of the general law, ij not count the Senator from Texas on the first
although the faets may he such as to not quite j, count.
bring them within its letter. jl The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
i do not wish, of course, to take issue with the .i count him.
Senator from Georgia upon any general pnnci- jl Mr. IVERSON. The Chair did not count the
pie. I only notify him that I do not exactly ac- jj Senator from Missouri on the last count.
cede to his view of all these particular cases. I
generally go with him; I have been with him in
regard to those bills which 1 thought were exceed-
ingly improper, granting large pensions, during
life, to the widows of distinguished officers who
died quietly in their beds. I have never seen any
reason for them, and I do not see any now; and
I have not been led away by those considerations !!
which appealed so strongly to other Senators—
the great distinctions that attended the man, and .
the necessitous condition in which the lady may j;
have been left. They must take their fate m this ;;
world, and their fortune, as all the rest of us are !l
obliged to do. I trust, however, the Senator from il
Georgia will not be so minute as to object to li
everything in the shape of one of these small |
pensions to invalids. I am ill favor of invalid I
pensisns, and have been from the beginning;
•although I am opposed to pretty much all other j
classes. ii
Mr. TOOMBS. "I do not think I was fully !|
understood by the honorable Senator from Man'ie; j'
for, as he slates the principle, I agree with him. j!
I am opposed to all pension laws on principle;;'
but as there are such laws, if a case is presented .
which comes within their general equities, but ■
where, for some reason, by the rules of the De- j
partment, a man cannot get a pension, I will vote i
to grant him one. If he is only excluded by spe^
Mr. STUART. I hope we shall have the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for a division on that
question. That will show whether there is a
quorum.
Mr. PUGH. If you drum up aquorum in that
way, I shall not object.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 3, noes 36.
Mr. STUART. INow I move to lay the bill
on the table, as a test question.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANCIS CAHVER.
The bill (PI. R. No. 524) for the relief of Fran-
cis Carver was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for placing the name of Francis
Carver on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the 18th of Decem-
ber, 1857, to continue during his natural life.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to hear the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the following report:
Tiie Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom wero re-
fer! ed the memorial and papers of Flancis Carver, report:
Tliat it appears, from papers submitted, that said Francis
Carver has been, for a period of seventeen years, a soldier
„ . . in the Anny of the United States, having served through the
ciai circumstances, I will give him the benefit of i; war with VIexioo. Alter that war, he was ordered to tile
the general law, if he is within its equity. But I 11 frontiers of Texas, where, lor eigut or nine months,he was
\r 4 i- • .v „ ^ r\ '! m acuve service, exposed to the damps and cold of the wm-
ha\e two j^i eat objections against these cases. One ,| tej^ Wllj10ut tout or coveiing. During that service, he con-
is, that you bring 111 cases which are not really tracted the disease with which he now suffers.
within the equity and spirit of the law; but worse ij
than all, they come with an ex parte statement ;j
after a great number of years. There is no proof i j
at ail, generally speaking, in one of these reports. [[
The evidence before the committee is entirely ex |!
parte and feeble and inconclusive and flimsy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. in regard to cases of that ij
kind, 1 am willing to leave them to the commit- jl
tees. |j
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to go one step further. <!
There are a class of cases where, if the facts stated
in the reports were true, the men would have been j!
entitled to their pensions at the Department; but
they do not give any reason why they have not !
obtained them, and why those facts could not be j
made to appear to the Department. I do not see j;
why we should sit here, day after day, giving
about one fourth of the public time to private |
claims, especially to gratuities, when they ought
to go to the Department and make proof, unless ;
they can show special reasons why the proof can- ^:
not be made there. In most of these cases, if the
facts they alleged were true, they could get their
pensions without troubling us; but the difficulty ij
is, I am afraid, in many cases the facts are not \
true, the proof cannot be made, and it is easier i
to get a pension through a committee of Congress ,
than through the Pension Office. I think that is
the foundation of nine out of every ten of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to posipouc the bill indefinitely. ,i
Several Senators. Take the question on its :
passage. h
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the motion, and jj
let the question be taken on its j
The discharge of the petitioner lsiiled with his papers.
Said disChai^tTis signed by 0. A. May, brevet colonel, and
states tnat Francis Carver is discharged for ordinary disa-
bility.
The certificate of J. A. Thompson, acting suigeon of the
milit.uy asylum at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, states that the
petitioner is laboring under a disease called St.Vitus's dance;
that he is wholly disabled. &e.
In view ot these tacts, your committee think this is a case
of merit; and repoi t a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROBINSON GAMMON.
The bill (H. R. No. 525) for the relief of Rob-
inson Gammon was considered as m Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Robinson Gammon,
of Roxbury, in the county of Oxford, State of
Maine, upon the roll of invalid pensions, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from the 3d of
December 1856, during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
FREDERICK SMITH.
The bill (H. R. No. 52G) for the relief of Fred-
erick Smith was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides for placing the name of Frederick
Smith on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
four dollars per month, from the 1st of February,
1858, during his natural life.
Mr. CLAY. Read the report.
The Secretary read the following report:
Tiie Committee on invalid Pensions, to \viK>m was re-
ferred the papers of Frederick Smith, of Pennsylvania, re-
port •
That they have examined the same, and find that the pe-
titioner alleges that he enlisted into the service of the Uni-
ted States as a private in the company of Captain W. H.
hvin, of the lltU infantry, in the month of Mav, 1S46; that
on the lith day of June, 1847, he was, wounded at the Na-
tional Bridge, m Mexico, by a. slug, which entered the left
side of his head and became " imbedded ^between the ex-
ternal and internal platen of the cranium, near the posterior
maigm of left parietal bonesaid ball or slug wa;  extracted
on the 5th May, 1856.
John S. Marks, who signs himself M. D., swears to the
character of the wound, and to the fact of h^ having pep-
formed the operation by which the ball was extracted. .
Captain William H. Irwin ? under whom he served, swears
that Smith was wounded while in the line of his duty.
The committee report a hill granting relief, at the rate of
four dollars per month, from the Hi February, 1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed-.
DAVID WATSON.
The bill (H. R. No. 535) ftr the relief of David
Watson, was considered as m Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for placing the name of David Wat-
son, of Georgia, upon the list of invalid pension-
ers, at the rate of four dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 15th day of February, J858, and
continue during his natural life.
Mr. PUGH. Let us hear the report in that
case.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
i ferre'd the petition of David Watson, of Georgia, asking an
invalid pension,,repoiw
Thar they have had th#  same under consideration, and
find that the petitioner states that he was mustered into the
service of the United States as a private in Captain Ciiarles
II. Nelson's company of Colonel Calhoun's regiment of
Georgia volunteer, for during the then existing war with
Mexico : that, while in the line of his duty in the service,
he was attacked with the diarihea, which has continued
until the present time, disabling him, m part, from obtain-
ing his subsistence by manual labor.
George W.Anderson, who was a second lieutenant in the
same company, swears to the service of the applicant, and
also to the disease having been conti acted in the line of his
duty.
John Childes and James G. Austin, who were privates in
the same company, swear to the faets set forth m the peti-
tion of theapphcant.
James D". iiivers, who signs himself "M. D., graduate of
the University of Pennsylvania, surgeon 44th regiment G,
M.}" swears to the character of the disease with which
Watson is afflicted, although he has no knowledge as to
when and where said disease was contracted.
John A. Moody and Nicholas P. Howard, who are certi-
fied to be physicians m good standing, swear that he, Wat-
son, is disabled one half by reason of said disease.
Ail the witnesses are certified to be credible persons.
Your committee report a biU granting a pension of four dol-
lars per month, from the 15th day of February, 1858.
Mr. PUGH. I want to call the attention of the
j Senate to the fact that if this case goes through it
! will seta precedent of a very remarkable character,
j I suppose there was scarcely a soldier in the war
with Mexico on the Rio Grande who could not
make out the same case; for I know, from my
own observation, that this was a universal disease
among the whole of them, from the commanding
officer down to the last private. I should take it
to be one of the perils of the campaign that a man
might expect, and it might as well happen to a
i man who neves- saw the face of ail enemy, as to
| the bravest man in battle. If this bill is passed,
j if this rule is established, it is certainly extending
the pension laws to an inordinate extent, and I
shall be compelled to ask for the yeas and nays
on this bill, that I may see whether the precedent
is to be set.
Mr. 1YERS0N. I beg leave to read an affidavit
which has been sent to me by a colleague of mine
in the other House which li>ears upon this case,
besides the proof which has been already adduced.
This is the affidavit of a Mr, Sandford, who is
represented to mo, by persons on whom I rely, as
a very highly respectable man, living in the im-
mediate neighborhood of this individual
State of Georgia, Dawson County:
On thi* 18th day of October, 1858* before the subscriber,
a justice of the* peace in and for said county and State,
pe;sonally appeared Raymond Sandford,and made oath.in
due torm of the law, that he is now wed acquainted with
David Watson, who was a soldier in the Mexican war, un-
der Captain C. H. Nelson; that he has famtiharly known
said Wauon ever since about the tune of his return from
Mexico; that during all this time he has been, and satlff is,
the subject of affliction; that ho is m every sense an in-
valid, and unable to gain his living by manual labor; and
that he is a poor man, and has a wife and children who
look to him for support; that he is a tempaiate man in ins
iiabits, and as industrious as his enfeebled health and broken
constitution will admit of; and he knows that said Wat-
son, with all his eftoits, suffers much in gaming even the
common necessaries, of life. Deponent has always under-
