30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
ferent place—at the mouth of the Bosqua. It
seems that there had been a tract of eleven leagues
laid off and surveyed there; and there was some
memorandum in the land office showing it was
surveyed for Raphael de Aguirre, under whom
Ufford claimed. But it was believed to be a
mistake, and that it was intended for Jose Maria
de Aguirre. If it was not for him, then he never
obtained a foot of land under his concession from
the States of Coahuila and Texas.
That "was the only question involved in that
case; and when Judge Watrous proceeded to try
it, he was not, and could not be called on to give
an Opinion upon, or decide any question which
might arise in litigating, the title of the De laVega
tract. I say, therefore, that it was simply absurd
to allege that Judge Watrous was guilty of cor-
ruption and malfeasance of office, because he pro-
ceeded to hear the case of Ufford vs. Dykes.
If you establish such a rule as that, you will
disqualify a judge from trying any case; because
there is scarcely a tribunal in the country in
which questions are not constantly arising for de-
cision, in which the judge is interested, espe-
cially if he be a property-holder. Questions of
a different nature, also, are constantly arising—
questionsof general rights—in which every judge
must be interested. It is not a mere interest in
the^ question which disqualifies the judge: but
an interest in the subject-matter, and where a ver-
dict or judgment may be read in evidence in his
favor or against him. If it could not be used for
such purpose in litigation, in a rase in which ho
may be interested, the judge would not be incom-
petent. If you establish the rule contended for
in this branch of the charge against Judge Wat-
rous, there is not a sensible man in the United
States who would dare to accept a seat upon the
bench of any court, State or Federal. It would
be a total interdict against any man accepting the
office of judge.
But I hasten on to the last charge—that Judge
Watrous participated in an improper procurement
of testimony to defend his own and his partners'
interests. This specification is founded upon the
facts elicited in the investigation in reference to
the procurement of testimony from Mexico—the
testimony of one Gonzales, who was brought to
the city of New Orleans after this charge of foigery
had been made, and whose deposition was taken
there.
And it is suggested that League expended an
immense sum of money to procure that testimony:
that he employed a man by the name of Troanor;
and it is intimated that this IVanor used this
money for unlawful purposes. And Judge Wat-
rous is to be held accountable for all this, [f gen-
tlemen will take the trouble to look into the testi-
mony, they will see that Judge Watrous had no
more to do wiih the procurement of that testi-
mony than you or I had, except that when League
informed him that testimony was filed in the last
and only remaining suit in New Orleans, attack-
ing that power of attorney, and asked him what
should be done, he told League to go to Judj o
Hughes, who was counsel in the case; to consult
with the Alabama gentlemen concerned, and
thereby determine on the course to be pursued.
He advanced no money, we\s never called on for
any, and never knew how much was advanced,
or for what purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.] •
The SPEAKER stated that ifitwa^ the pleas-
ure of the House the question would be then
taken.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
design to address a few observations to the House
on this case, but I prefer to follow some gentle-
man who advocates the other side of the question.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ready] has
expressed views which correspond with those I
hold. I understand that there are several gentle-
men who desire to address the House in favor of
the impeachment of Judge Watrous, and I hope,
therefore, that one of those gentlemen will avail
himself of the opportunity now. If, however,
the debate iato be closed at this time, and the mo-
tion put, 1 shall, however unprepared, go on with
my remarks now.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was my purpose to ask
that a vote should be taken on the pending reso-
lutions to-morrow. I designed to move the pre-
vious question at some stage of this discussion j
agreeable to the House, and then after debate had i
been closed, to submit, under the rule, as chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, some
remarks myself. A member of that committee,
who, 1 understand, desires to speak on the
question, has just arrived in town, having been
detained from his seat by sickness. I allude to
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor.]
He has not had an opportunity of putting him-
self in a condition to address the House. He
has been traveling night and day, and has lost
several nights' sleep. If the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] is disinclined to proceed
now, I will, under the circumstances, make no
objection to the matter going over Until to-mor-
row.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Having ascer-
tained that three or four speeches are to be made
in favor of tine impeachment of Judge Watrous,
I think it at least just that one against it should
come in somewhere among them. I understand
that we are to have a speech from the gentleman
from Texas, one from the gentleman from Ala-
bama, and one from the gentleman from Louis-
iana, all in favor of the proposed impeachment.
I am willing to come in anywhere. I will speak
now, rather than losp the opportunity of speaking
at all; but I prefer to follow some gentleman who
will present to the House an argument in favor
of impeachment
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman prefers it,
I am willing that the case shall go over until to-
morrow. At that time my friend from Louisiana,
who is certainly in no condition now to address
the House, will be ready to go on.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am ready at
any time.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to address the House
on this subject; but I must say, injustice to my-
self, that I have been prevented, until my arrival
here, from going into a full investigation of the
papers in the case, because of the loss of the doc-
uments I forwarded to my home in Texas, and
which were lost by the sinking of the ship Aus-
tin; and that, therefore, I would prefer not to say
what I have to say this evening. But I will abide
by any arrangement satisfactory to the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, it is due to the
gentleman that he should have the courtesy he
asks extended to 1mm and if he will take the floor
I will move that when the House adjuurns it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
Mr. REAGAN. I take the door, and yield to
the gentleman in order to get the sense of the
y ouse.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I make the mo-
tion I have indicated.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 81, nays 96; as follows:
YlvVS— Abbott, Adraui. Atkin^, Avery, Harks
d.ile, Dennett, lilair, HI us*. Bonham, Howie, Jioyoe, Bryan,
; Burhnjjame, Ca-ktc, Chapman. Horace F Clark, Clavv.-on,
S Ola,\, Ciark B. Coehiane, John Coehiane, Cox, Bin ton
; Ciaige, Davis ol Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Diek, f)o\v-
<l< 11, Faulknei, Floionee, Gainctt, G<utiell, Goode,
Gieenwood, Giegg, Lawience W. Hall, Harris, Ila.->km,
I.viwkui-, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Geoige W. Jones,
Kellogg, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Mac I ay, McKibbiti, Hum-
phrey Million, Moore, Ftecmaii H.Morse, Oliver
A. Mot><e, Mott, Nibiack, Nichols, Olin, JohnS. Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Read), Reagan* Ricaud, RuHiri, Russell,
^av,i«o, Hcott, Seaitits;, A.iron Shaw, Shoi ter, Singleton,
. William SiniLii, Stallvvorth, Stephens, Stevenson, Talbot,
Miles Tayloi, Underwood, Israel VVa&hburn, VVatkms,
; Wilson, and \Vood>on—81. ^
! NAYS— Me-^iv. Andrews, Xiillinghurct, Bingham, Bo-
eock, Bianeh, Biavton, Butl'mron, Case, Cavanangli, Chaf-
fee. E/sia Clark, John F>. Clatk, Cobb, Cockerill, Colfax,
Coimns. Covode, Cragm, James Craig, Curry. Curtis, Da-
vis of''M.iss.'Kihusetts, Davis ot' Iowa, l)awes. Dean, Dew-
ait, Dodd, Dm tee, Eilie. Farnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Fos-
tei. Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeek, Grow,
Robeir li. Hail, Harbin, Hoard, Hopkins, Hot ton, Hughes,
liuyler, Jewett, Owen Jones, Kenn, Kelsev, Kilgoie,
Knapp, Laruiy, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Leite'r, Lovejoy,
Samuel S. Maifchali, Mason, Maynaid, Montgomery, Mor-
gan, Morrill. Kaae N. Moni$, Munay, Parker, Phillips,
Pike. Pottle, Pmvianee, Ritchie, Robbms, Royce, San-
didge, Scale-?, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W.
Sherman, Robert Smith, Stanton, James A. Stewdit, Wil-
liam Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins,
Trippu, Vance, Wade. Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader 0.
Washburn, Eiliiiu B. Washburne, YVortendyke, and John
V. Wright—96.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Texas to move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. REAGAN. Yes, sir.
The House divided on the motion; and there
were—ayes 85, noes 67.
Mr. DEWART demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr* REAGAN thereupon withdrew his mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, asked leave to in-
troduce certain bills, of which he had given notice
yesterday.
Mr. RITCHIE objected.
Mr. REAGAN, Mr. Speaker, I make an apol-
ogy for not being prepared in full at this time on
the pending question, which was that I sent the
necessary documents home at the close of the last
session to enable me to give this question that in-
vestigation which its importance, and especially
its importance to the people of Texas, demand of
me as their Representative, but unfortunately they
never reached me, having been lost by the sinking
of the ship Austin. I have had to devote what
time I could since I came here to the investigation
of this subject. I had not the benefit of hearing
all the testimony, and a large portion of it, as de-
tailed in the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, I have not had an opportunity to examine
sufficiently to comment on it. If, however, it be
the desire of the House to proceed with the discus-
sion without time being afforded for me to examine
the evidence, and collect my thoughts, and to ar-
range my facts, I will, in order to facilitate the
business'of the House, and to arrive as soon as
possible at a vote on this question, proceed with
my remarks at this time. Other gentlemen also
will follow me; they will, where I fail, present the
aiguments resting upon the essential facts in the
case,and, probably, but little will be lost by my
inability to take up the records, and give the con-
nected view of them which I designed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. - With the leave of my
friend from Texas, the House having heard from
him the state of embarrassment and difficulty
under which he labors, disqualifying him to some
extent from going on as satisfactorily this even-
ing as he otherwise would, I trust he will give
way. that I may renew the motion, that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. REAGAN. I thank my friend from Ken-
tucky for his kindness; but the House has shown
such a strong disposition that I should proceed
this evening, that I do not like to test its pa-
tience any fuither.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suppose that
those who voted against the adjournment desire
to have another vote for adjourning over. If the
gentleman from Texas will yield to me, I will
move, therefore, that when the House adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. REAGAN. I will yield the floor for that
motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to the gentleman from
Texas yielding tiie floor. I object to all these
arrangements.
Mr. CHAFFEE demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Let us take
the vote by toilers.
Messrs. CHAFFEE, MORGAN, and others,
repeated the demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw the
motion.
And then, on motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
at two o'clock and fifty minutes, p. in., the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 11, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. A. G. Carothers.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
PRINTING THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask leave to
report, from the Committee on Printing, the fol-
lowing resolution, which has been unanimously
approved by the committee:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the mem-
bers of the House of Iiepre?-enlatives, twenty thousand ex-
tra copies of the message of the President of the United
States, together with the accompanying documents.
I move the previous question on the adoption of
the i*esolution.
Mr. KELSEY. I beliere, Mr. Speaker, that
that resolution opens up the President's message
to discussion.
