1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Printing
has a right to report at any time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the same
committee, also reported the following resolution,
and moved the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the mem-
bers of the House of Representative.*, fifteen thousand
copies of the letter of the Secretary of tlm Treasury on the
state of the finances, and also one thousand additional
copies for the u«-e of the Treasury Department.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to lecon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
CAPTAIN HIRAM L. MEEKER.
Mr. MORGAN asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Captain Hiram L. Meeker,
of X^ew Jersey, and to have the same referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PAYMENTS FROM THE TREASURY.
Mr. SCALES, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to furnish to the House a statement of the different pay-
ments from the Treasury, from the year 1840 to the year
1858 inclusive, placing the said payments under three dtt-
ferent head—ordinary, extraordinary, and the pubhc debt;
and specifying the items of each.
Mr, SCALES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CASE OF HON. JOHN C. "WATROUS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the consideration of the resolutions
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, in
reference to the impeachment of the Hon. John
C. Watrous, United States judge for the district
of Texas; on which the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Reagan] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. In the ease of Cavazos and
others, against Stillman and others, the plaintiffs
claimed fifty-nine leagues of land, or about two
hundred and sixty-one thousand acres, fronting,
as claimed, about sixty miles on the Rio Grande;
and on the Gulf of Mcxico and Laguna Madre
about forty miles, and including the city of
Brownsville and Fort Brown, with the Govern-
ment improvements, and Point Isabel, the site of !
the custom-house for the Rio Grande country, 1
and a number of Mexican villages or ranches, j
altogether of the value of millions of dollars. S
The charges which Mussina makes against j
Judge Watrous m this case relate to his rulings !
and conduct during the progress and tiial of the ;
case, and imply a fraudulent conspiracy with ;
certain attorneys and parties to the suit, for the |
purpose of establishing then* claim to this'targe :
grant, and of defeating the claim of the memo- j
rialist. i
The suits brought by Lapsley were for the re- j
covery of the title and possession of an eleven- {
league grant of land on the Brazos river, which, '
according to the testimony of Mr. League, who ;
claims one fourth of the land, contains ten or j
twelve thousand acres more than the deed calls .
for, which would make the grant contain about j
'sixty thousand acres. And Mr. League testifies j
that tins land is worth fisre dollars per acre, ,
making the tract worth about three hundred thou- '
sand dollars. Judge Watrous's interest in this is j
one fourth—about fifteen thousand acres; and is !
worth about seventy-five thousand dollars. But j
the concession was for three eleven-league grants, j
of which this is one. And the power ot sale, j
which occupies so much attention tn this case, re- 1
lates also to all three of these grants. These suits
were brought by Lapsley against eleven persons
who had settl^ on, and were occupying, cultivat-
ing, and improving these lands; and among them
was Spencer, the memorialist.
Spencer charges Watrous withobtainingasecret
interest in this grant,and aiding to have the legal
title vested in Mr. Lapsley, a citizen of Alabama,
to give jurisdiction to the United States district
court of which he was judge; of allowing suits
brought in his own court, and retaining jurisdic-
tion of them until his interest was discovered.
He also charges Judge Watrous with adjudicating
the title to one of these same three eleven-league
grants in the case of Ufford against Dykes, know-
ing that the questions involved in that case were
the same as those involved m the cases in which
he was interested.
These charges were presented to the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, and, after a very full investi-
gation by the Judiciary Committee, they unani-
mously recommended the impeachment of Judge
Watrous; but .the House adjourned without act-
ing on the report of the committee.
At the last session of this Congress these me-
morials were presented again; and the report of
the Judiciary Committee is before us for action.
The great number of questions presented for
our consideration, and the facts evolved in the
fourteen hundred pages of testimony before us,
render it impossible to discuss them all in a speech
of an hour. Indeed, the report of the four mem-
bers of the committee who recommend the im-
peachment of Judge Watrous is so clear an expo-
sition of the questions involved, that it is hardly
desirable to rediscuss them. But I will call atten-
tion to some of the more prominent points, and
reply to some of the arguments made on the other
side.
I shall only have time to refer to a few leading
facts in the Cavazos case. And it seems to me
only a few need be brought in review to disclose
the enormities of this great and extraordinary
case.
The original bill was filed in the Cavazos case
on the 12th day of January, 1849, by E. Allen and
William G. Hale, claiming to represent eight citi-
zens of Mexico, against citizens of Texas; thus
giving the United States conrtsjunsdiction.
On the 28th of June, 1849, the defendants, by
their counsel, filed the affidavit of Rice Garland,
in which he declares and says:
" He !■* the solicitor of the defendants, Patrick C. Shan-
non and Richard Fitzpatuck, in the suit instituted on the
equity or chancery side of the district court of the United
States in and for the district and State of Texas, by Raphael
Cavazos and others. uersusChuiies Suliman atidotliei-?: and
that he is aiso attorney in fact for the said Patrick C Shan-
non. He further declares-that he is well informed and verily
believes that Dona Feheiana de Tn erina, Don Manuel
Pneto, and Dona Maria Angela Garcia, the next fnend of
Don Ramon Laion, her ton, the Don Constantino Tamava,
irt ln-5 lifetime, whose names- are insetted m the bill of com-
plaint as plaintiffs, never did authorize the institution of
this suit oi bill of complaint against the defendants, either
by employing the solicitors on record to commence saul
suit, or otherwise, any other person to institute this suit;
and these fact affiant is ready to prove."
And on the same day James Love, the clerk
and master in chancery, reported to the court,
the matter having been referred to him for that
purpose:
" The master therefore reports that the plaintiffs, or either
of them, have not. in person, shown or given any answer to
the rule.' And fuither repoits that the answer of plaintiffs
solicitor i.s insufficient, and is not responsive to the lule.
And therefore reports t#U no authority has been shown hy
tiie plamtitf-, or either of them, or by their solicitors, for the
institution ot the suit."
On the 30th of June, 1849, Judge Watrous, act-
ing on the above report, made the following order:
" Upon consideration of the motion made hy Eh-ha Basse
and Robert II. fiord, counsel for Don Con-tantinoTarnava,
Dofia Annela Garcia Lafon de Tamava, his wife. Don Ra-
mon L.ilf.i, Don Manuel Pneto, orni Dona Feliciana (inz-
ea-coehea de Tisrertna, made parties complainant to the bill
of complaint in this cau«e; and upon further consideration
of the seveiat affidavits tiled in respect to the said motion,
and the said bill of complaint, and the argument of counsel,
it is now hcrchv ordeied that the said motion be sustained,
and that the other parties complainant in the said bill named
have leave to answer the said hill fo\* making the above
named parties complainant defendants to the said bdl; and
they, the said parties so lo he made defendants, now ap-
pearing hy K. H. Hord, their attorney in fact, m open court,
do agree that, being so made paities defendant, tiiey will
place upon the record of tins cause, hy answer or otherwise,
such averments as will recognize the jurisdiction ot tins
court bv acknowledging themselves citizen* of tins State,
foi the purposes of this action ; and the co^ts already in-
curred. and the liabilities, to be borne by the parties remain-
ing complainants."
This motion to dismiss was ostensibly sus-
tained, but in effect only so far as to strike the
names of five of the complainants, who, in the
plaintiffs' bill, were sworn to b§ citizens of Mex-
ico, from the bill of complaint; and, withouta.ny
motion, leave was granted to the remaining three
complainants to amend the bill by^making- the
five persons thus stricken from the bill defend-
ants? in the same cause. And, without -arfy pro-
cess or notice to them$ it is entered of record by
the court, in the same entry in which they were
stricken from the bill as plaintiffs, that the said
parties appearing in open court, by an attorney in
fact, did agree to place upon the record, by an-
swer or otherwise, an acknowledgment that they
were citizens of Tex&s, to give the court jurisdic-
tion.
Thus are a married woman, Angela Garcia de
Tamava, who, by the oath of the complainants,
was shown to be a citizen of Mexico, and an in-
fant, Ramon Lafon, who, by the oath, of .the
complainants, was shown to "be a citizen of Mex-
ico, stricken from the bill as complainants, and
ordered by the court to be made defendants by
agreement, as well as to acknowledge that they
were citizens of Texas, to give the court jurisdic-
tion; though it is a plain principle of law known
to every lawyer, and especially to every judge,
that neither of them could have made a binding
agreement if they had been personally present in
open court.
But it may possibly be said that such a thing
might have passed without attracting the atten-
tion of the judge. If so, the answer is, that on
the 18th of January, 1851, the following motion
was made in behalf of Mussina, to dismiss the
cause, by Alexander and Atchison,his solicitors:
"In the above entitled causes, Jacob Mussina,one of the
defendants/moves the court that the complainants' bill, as
amended,be dismissed at the hearing, with costs; and he
assigns the following grounds in support of Ins motion, as a
part thereof, to wit:
"First. That it is apparent from the pleadings, papers,
and record of said cause, that the court has not, and can-
not have, jurisdiction thereof, for want of*neeessary and
proper parties
" Second. That the agreement, or consent order, entered
of record befoie the defendant was m court, whereby part
of tiie complainants weie made defendants, &e., &c., is
not enforceable for want of jurisdiction.
" Third. That it is apparent that there is no equity in the
bill as amended.
" Fourth. That it appears that a guardian ad litem, cannot
be appointed for Ramon Lafon, a non-resident alien infant,
who is shown by the bill as amended to be a necessary and
proper partv defendant, and who is not, and never has been,
m court. And this defendant, relying on various other
grounds apparent from the pleadings, papei. and record of
said cause, to which, together with sucharfidaviB and other
papers as he may deem proper to file on or before the hear-
ing thereof, he refers in support of his motion, files and
dockets tiie same for the adjudication of the court."
And on the 2d of April, 1851, the following
motion was made by Swett, Howard, Ballenger,
and Hord, the counsel for the defendants:
"The defendants in the above-entitled cause, jointly
and severally move this honorable court to dismiss the bill
of the complainants at the hearing, for the following causes,
among others, apparent on the said bill, and in the record
and proceedings:
" 1. That no jurisdiction in this court is shown or ex-
ists as between the complainants and the defendants, Dofia
Maria Angela Garcia Lefon de Tarnava, Ramon Laton,
Feheiana de Tigeima, and ? lanuel Pneto. and that the said
defendants are iieee-^ary partie> to this suit, and the court
can make no decree unless the said parties defendant are
shown to be within its jurisdiction, and are present before
the couit.
,k 2. That it appe-ars by the complainants' bill, and the rec-
! ord and proceedings heroin,"and the fact is that the coni-
| plamantsare all aliens, and that the said defendants, Maria
| Angela Garcia Lafon de Tamava, R:nnon Lafon, Feliciana
de Tigerma, and Manuel Prieto. are also aliens; and that the
interests of the said defendants are inseparably blended
witli that of the complainants, and that said defendants are
nccp<cary pames in this cause, without whom no decree
can bo made ; and this and the honorable court has no ju-
iisdiction as between the complainants and said t.eiend-
ar.ts, and. in consequence thereof, no jurisdiction over the
said complainants' bill, or to grant the relief prayed, or any
°"13. That it appears by the said complainants'bill, and
bv the recoid and proceedings in this cause, that the com-
plainants do not make such a case as entitles them to arty
discovery or relief in a court of equity, out toat they sue
upon a pretended Josral title, which must first be estab-
lished at law, and that their remedy, if any they arc enti-
tled to, must be sought id a court ot law, and a court oi
chancery has no jurisdiction over the same."
And on the 14th day of April, 1851, the judge
made the following order:
KaphaelGarcia Cavazos et al. "i
>
Charles Stillman ef al. )
It is ordered that the motion of defendants heretofore
filed in this cause, and praying the court to dismiss the com-
