1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
and what do they show? They show, first, by ,
the certificates of two as well educated physicians
and surgeons afi are in my State, both of whom I
know personally, who happen to live in the town
where I was born and educated, that the man is
permanently disabled; and that his disability
arises from a wound in the shoulder. *1 have also
the affidavits of two soldiers who served with him
in the same company, who were with him when
he was wounded. That is the case. At the De-
partment they say he does not prove that the dis-
ability at the present time is in consequence of
that wound. He does prove that he was fund-
ed in the shoulder at that battle; and the sur-
geons certify that they have no doubt that the
disability, which is now total, is in consequence
of that wound. His arm is entirely useless.
Mr. PUGH. Let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion. Why is it that this soldier did not apply
for his pension immediately after the battle, or
upon his discharge?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will answer in his own
words. I know the man. He is not a man of
very great intelligence. He states in his affidavit,
under oath, that he did not know until within the
last few years that he was entitled by law to a
pension, and that is the reason he did not apply.
I say that it is one of the clearest cases in the
woild. It comes* clearly within the rule which
was laid down so well by the Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayard] this morning. It is a case
where, I think, the Department ought to grant
the pension; and, in my opinion, if the Senator
from Georgia himself would take the evidence
and examine it, he would say that the case comes
within the law; but by the rigid rule of the Do-
partment, it is excluded. I hope the bill will
meet the approbation of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. So far as the Senator states
the facts, of course I know nothing about them.
I know nothing of the case, exccpt from the re-
port, and I only can know it from the report. It
is the business of the committee to give it to me
in such a form that it will display flie principle
on which I am to legislate. I cannot turn over
my duty to the committee, and I do not intend to
do it. I have no right to do it. In this case they
have given no reason whatever for passing the
bill. They do not tell us why there are difficul-
ties in the way of producing the necessary proof
now. The Senator says that for forty-five years
this man did not know that he was entitled to a
pension. That ground is not sufficient for me. I
do not believe it. That reason does not appear
in the report; and if I am to act upon the facts
put before me by the report of the committee, 1
cannot receive it. The gentleman may have his
papers and affidavits, but I cannot judge from
them. I must take the report.
Mr. HAMLIN. These are the papers on file.
I have just taken them from the Secretary's taole.
Mr. TOOMBS. Be it so. I am merely stating
that I am to cast my vote upon the facts as de-
veloped in the report, and of course I know noth-
ing about papers submitted, except as they are
disclosed in the report. The report states no such
facts as have been alleged here. The Senator from
Maine attempts to bring it within the rule. I am
not at fault because the committee do not state
any facts to make it an exception; but if the man
should prove at the Department the facts that are
alleged, they would bring it within the rule I laid
down in the earlier part of the day. The only
difficulty is, that now, after the lapse of foitv-six
years, he cannot prove any connection between
the disability and the wound. I take ltfor granted,
if he cannot prove that, it is not so, or at least it
is a question of such doubt that the Pension
Office ought not to grant the pension.
The Senator says this disability is entire, and
the man's arm is entirely useless. That is nut
the report of the committee. That says it is nearly
useless. Why, after forty-six years, he should
have found out this tact, without proving it at
the Department,! do not see. There seems to be
no proof of any legitimate connection between
the wound and the disability. It is a mere pre-
text, the pioof being insufficient. People can
come hero and get such cases through the Senate
easier than tinough the Department.
Mr. FESSENIJEN. This is one of those cases
to which I alluded when I was up before, fearing
that my friend fiom Georgia would bring them
withia the particular line of objection which he
has adopted. It is evident, in the first place what
the difficulties of this man were. One was that
he enlisted under a name different from his own.
He did not appear on the rolls as John Lee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me correct my colleague,
lie did enlist undnr his name proper, but subse-
sequently the Legislature of our State changed
his name.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did he appear on the rftls
under his own name proper ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then that was not the
difficulty. It seems, then, the only difficulty is as
to the question of fact, whether he was wounded;
whether his disability was occasioned by the
wound that he received. It is clear that he served,
and that he fought. It is proved that he was
wounded; that he had a bullet-wound in the shoul-
der many years ago. Itis proved in the next place
that there is a disability of that shoulder and that
arm. He is otherwise, for all that appears, a
healthy man. Now, would not any one, on look-
ing at these two facts in connection—the one, that
he had received a bullet wound in the shoulder,
and the other, that in the process of years that
shoulder and arm have actually become disabled
and shrunk—naturally infer t-hat the disability
was occasioned by that wound ? Would not any
ordinary man, understanding the two facts, put
them together and connect them with each other?
If we need anything else, it is impossible for
these* physicians to say absolutely, and it is to
their credit that they do not attempt to say abso-
lutely, that the one was occasioned by the other,
because that they could not know at such a dis-
tance of time; but speaking as men of experience,
learned m their profession, they give it as their
undoubted opinion that the one was the conse-
quence of the other. What more evidence can
you have ? Do you require, in eases of this de-
scription, an absolute physical demonstration?
Is it not enough to show that one of the facts
would be likely to follow as a consequence of the
other, and then to prove by the testimony of ex-
perts that, in their opinion, the one was in con-
sequence of the other? It strikes me that the
inference is not only natural, but inevitable, that
it follows because there is no proof in the case,
whatever, that anything else had ever happened
to this man to occasion the difficulty.
My friend from Ohio, lam sure, will not make
it an objection that he did not apply earlier. If
the Government has been saved the expense of
giving this man a pension fur so long a series of
years, it is no argument against giving him a pen-
sion now. The only ground upon which it is put
is, that it is not likely that if he was reaily dis-
abled in that way, he would not have applied
before, and therefore the Senator from Georgia
does not believe that is the fact. Well, in the first
place, he says, under oath, it was the fact. In
the next place, it was not likely, in the course of
things, that this disability occurred all at once.
On the contrary, it might have been a long time
occurring, and it is natural to suppose that it
should have been. He was wounded; the ball
was extracted; and while his physical vigorcon-
tinued, the injury might not develop its effects,
and it would not be likely to do so; but, in the
process of time, the injury having been a pretty
severe one, it it very likely that the consequences
would follow. That would explain it.
Under these circumstances, he swearing that
it was so—it being very natural to suppose that
it may be so—two surgeons of competence swear-
ing that they believe it to have been so from their
knowledge—is it enough for a Senator to say, "I
do not believe it to be so?" It does not so strike
my mind. It may be sufficient for the Senator
from Georgia, but I hope other Senators will not
be so hard" to be convinced, under such circum-
stances. It is not to be conclusively inferred, that
where a man does not know a fact, it is not so.
He may have been an ignorant man; probably he
was nut educated, and had to labor for his living;
and it may not have been until his old age, until
the effects of this wound began to show them-
selves so severely, that he was informed by some-
body what he might do if he could prove tfte facts.
All these things are natural; and I hope, really,
that the Senate will be convinced that they are so.
It seems that the House committee, the House
of Representatives, and the Senate committee,
have acted favorably upon the bill; and with all
our disposition to doubt about such cases, it is a
little too much to hang up a man, I respectfully
submit to the honorable Senator from Georgia,
on the mere point he suggests, that, after all, the
statement may not be true. I really believe it is,
and that a case is presented for the interposition
of that equitable consideration which the Sena-
tor from Georgia himself admitted to be right.
Mr. CLAY. 1 desire to have one or two ques-
tions answered in regard to this case. I do not
know anything about this bill; I did not concur
in the report; I did not know that it was reported.
I want to know why the man changed his name;
for it seems to me that if he had signalized the
name of Richards by such heroic achievements
as are detailed m this report, he would not have
changed it. I wa t to know why it was that he
got tiie Legislature to change that name ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know why he
changed it. It is nothing at all uncommon in our
State, for 1 believe at every session our Legisla-
ture passes an act embracing a long list of people
whose names are changed from John Stokes to
Peter Stubbs, &c. It is a matter of taste. I think
it is of no great consequence. I presume it is
nothing discreditable.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have here a copy of the
act of the Legislature of Maine, embracing some
fifty or seventy-five names that were changed the
same year. I do not speak of my own knowledge,
but I have been told, and I presume it is true,
that he took his present name because some part
of the family desired lum to bear the name of
Lee instead of Richards. That is all.
Mr. CLAY. Does the Senator know this man ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do.
Mr. CLAY. Will he state whether he has
been a temperate or intemperate man ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will read what the physician
says. Dr. Dantford says he has been his family
physician thirty years.
<l His health otherwise has been good. His habits and
mode ot life have always been unexceptionable since my
acquaintance with lum."
Mr. CLAY. Does the Senator know him ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do know him to be a man
of good character. He is a laboring man, but
he sustains a good character.
Mr. CLAY. Is he not addictcd to intemper-
ance.
Mr. HAMLIN. Never in the world—a man
of temperate habits always.
Mr/CLAY. I will make this further sugges-
tion about the bill. If it is all true as stated, the
pension allowed him, according to the bill, is just
double what he is entitled to.
Mr. HAMLIN. How?
Mr. CLAY. The highest pension, as the Sen-
ator probably knows, allowed a puvate, is eight
dollars a mouth. That is for full disability. The
pension for half disability, as it is called, would
only be four dollars.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hold in my hand the dep-
osition of Thomas H. Brown and of Asa Dant-
ford. Dr. Dantford says, in addition to what I
have already read:
" I further testify that I have made several examina-
tions ot the state of the dneaped shoulder withm a lew
months pa^t, ami tti.U the -shoulder is much swollen, which
extends the whole length ot' the aim into the [lands, and
ever since the I8tii of September last (1S."/1) he has lo>t the
use of ins left hand and arm entirely ; and J am of opinion
it is exceedingly doubtful whether he wiii be able to per-
foim any manual labor whatever.5'
They certify, in 1834, that he is totally disabled.
Mr. TOOMBS. The honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden",] after all, does not seem
to comprehend the principle on which I place my
opposition to this class of cases. The bill is a
matter of very little importance on itself; but it is
one of a class. If the allegations which are made
here ex parte were true, the man could get his
pension to-morrow, at the Pension Office, and he *
would not get sixteen dollars, but eight dollars a
month.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill gives only eight dol-
lars.
Mr. CLAY, A full pension is eight dollars;
but for half disability, such as it would seem this
was—paralysis of one arm—the pension would
be four dollars.
Mr. HAMLIN. The surgeons certify a tot^l
disability.
Mr. TOOMBS. The report does not say so;
but I am not on that point. If the facts, as here
