1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
county; and is also, and has been for that length of time, j
acquainted with the general character of said Kathbun for !
truth and veracity; and that from his said knowledge of j
the general character of said Kathbun, as well as trom his j
personal knowledge of the man, he has no hesitation in
stating that he believes the statement made by said £iath-
bun in his declaration for a pension as an invalid, under the
laws of the United States, to be strictly true. He further
states that ever since his acquaintance with-said Kathbun
commenced, he has known, by reputation, that said Rath-
bun had been wounded; and he always heard and believed
the said wounds were inflicted at the time and plaec and
in the manner and under the circumstances set forth in the
said declaration to which this affidavit is accompanying.
Deponent states further that he believes that said Kathbun
is totally disabled from making a living by bodily labor in
consequence of said wounds, or some of them. He Anther
states that he is cognizant of the fact that said Rathbun has
been, and is, strictly temperate in his habits, and his in-
fhmity of body is not the result of any irregularity in his
habits.
There are several other affidavits, but I have
read this one because I knew the gentleman who
made it. I have not read the other affidavits. If
the Senate wishes to hear them I will read them;
but that is entirely satisfactory to me, as to the
character of the man, and would be to any gen-
tleman who know Mr. Gillespie.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me say to the Senator
from Illinois that I have looked into these papers,
and I am not surprised thattheSenate should get
into a habit of rejecting all applications for pen-
sions, when we see that such a one as this can
pass a committee. The only affidavit I can find
in these papers touching the question of wounding
at ali, is from a fellow-soldier, who declares that
he was wounded in August; that he was taken
prisoner, but escaped and returned in October of
the same year. He was able to be on duty again
in two months; and yet it does not appear on the
rolls, or in the military annals of the country, that
he was wounded or taken prisoner.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say, in reply to what
fell froiTLthe Senator from Illinois, that I was ex-
ceedingly surprised to hear him say that the affi-
davit which he read was sufficient to satisfy his
mind, or that any Senator should be satisfied by
it, when it wa&from beginning to end all hearsay.
A physician testifies upon hearsay whatcommon
rumor said as to his being wounded, and as to ,
his having complained of those wounds,, and lie ;
quotes what the memorialist says as to the man- ;
ner in which he received his wounds and hisdis- ;
ability. Now, I want to call the attention of the j
Senate to this view of the case, which applies to j
all of them—there may be disahility and it may j
be connected with the wounds received in battle; |
but the question is, whether that in the remote j
and the proximate cause of the disability. A j
man may be wounded, but if he be a man of tem- j
porate, good habits, he may recover from the j
wound and suffer nothing. ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ala-
bama is laboring under a misapprehension. I did
not lead the affidavit of the physician. I said that
I had only had my attention turned to the papers
since the case was called up; and I read the affi-
davitof Mr. Gillespie—a gentleman who, I stated,
had been for many years a member of the Illinois
Legislature, and a very respectable man—because
I happened to know him. There are affidavits of
physicians. 1 have not read them at all; I do not
know what they are; but I think, perhaps, it would
be as well that they should be read to the Senate.
Probably they will state particularly as to the
wounds. The affidavit I read went merely to the
character of Mr. Rathbun, and the knowledge of
the deponent of him for some twenty-five years
as a truthful man and a reliable man; and he had
himself heard this account of the wounds. I stated
it was sufficient to satisfy me as to the character
of Mr. Rathbun, coming from a man I knew very
well, as respectable as any man m the State. The
affidavits of the physicians have not been read.
Mr. CLAY. The affidavit the Senator read
was a mere statement of hearsay; the person who
made the affidavit did not know the facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He knew the man per-
sonally.
Mr. CLAY. Yes, he knew him personally,
and therefore trusted what he said and repeated
what he said. As I was remarking, it will be
observed that every one of these affidavits of phy-
sicians is merely hypothetical. They do not say
the disabiliry was caused by the wound, but that,
in their opinion, it may have resulted from i ;
that, if the mar) received the wound at the time
in consequencc of the wound, the present disa-
bility may arise from it. If a pension can be
granted to this man on this testimony, as was re-
marked by the Senator from Florida, I do not see
any difficulty in getting a pension, at any time,
through Congress.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me that the Senate
is becoming very particular about small matters.
If we have committees, we ought to repose some
confidence in them, especially in small matters of
this kind. They are generally composed of gen-
tlemen of the bar, accustomed to legal investiga-
tions. Here is a small pension bill which has re-
ceived the approbation of the committee of the
House of Representatives, which has been passed
by that House, which has been inspected by one
of our committees who have examined all the
proofs, and told us the bill ought to pass. It
seems to me almost essential that we should repose
confidence in our committees to allow them to de-
termine these common affairs. If they had pre-
sented a new principle or an anomalous one, that
would be a reason why we here should correct
their action; but, it seems to mc, that we may
very well leave them to determine whether the
proof is sufficient to justify the allowance of a
pension. It seems to me that we are undertaking
to do altogether more than we can perform, when
we undertake to criticise minutely that which
\nust have passed under the supervision of the
committee who have reported a bill like this. I
do not give myself much concern about these
small claims when they have received the appro-
bation of the committees of both branches, feel-
ing satisfied that if I were to examine them here I
should be quite as apt to err as those who have
weighed the testimony. They are much moie
likely to come to a proper conclusion, after an in-
vestigation in their committee-rooms with all the
evidence before them, canvassing it m all its
minutia, than we are here. Indeed their oppor-
nities to do so are much better than ours. 1 hope
small bills like this will be permitted to pass ac-
cording to the recommendation of the pioper
committees, unless it can be shown that there is
some dangerous or anomalous piinoiple involved
For myself, I generally rest upon the reports of
the committees m such cases.
Mr. MALLORY. The icmaiks of the Senator
from Ohio would do very well where tlieie is no
contest about proof, where there is no room to
disagree; but here the proof of the man himself
is, tiiat he was" wounded in the month of August
with these tinee terrible wounds—one on the
head, one on the shoulder, and a pistol-shot in
thigh—and that he was taken prisoner, and re-
turned to his duty again in October, and served
to the end of the war, and was discharged. His
recuperative energies must have been very ex-
traordinary, indeed, to have recovered from those
wounds in that short time; and still there is no
record evidence of the fact. "What is the use of
relying on committees, where the case is not made
out?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a small case, and
I regret that it has taken up so much time. The
papers arc somewhat voluminous, and it amounts
to a deteat of the bill to raise a debate about it,
but I do not come to the same conclusion with
the Senator from Florida. On looking at the pa-
pers further, I find that the Case is much stronger
"than I had supposed it was. I find a certificate
from the Treasury Department in these words:
Treasury Depaiit.meiNT, Third Auditor's Office,
Washington, November lf>, 1857.
From documents on file atthisotfice, it appears that John
Rathbun, a member ot Captain Claudius C. tfouu'htei's com-
pany of New York militia, entered the service on the 10th
day ot May, 1814, and served until the 8th day of Nnvem-
bei, 1814. On a muster roll of his company furnishing the
above service, he is noted, " taken by the enemy, August
5th." No evidence of the injuiy alleged to huve been re-
ceived can be 3'uund JOHN S. GALLAUKU,
Jluditor.
I find, also, the affidavit of a soldier who served
with him. We have in the first place, the mus-
! ter-roll, showing when he entered the service,
i when he was taken prisoner, and when he was
i discharged. Here is the affidavit of one of his
j comrades:
I u Marvm iVToigan, being duly *wom, savs that iie was a
' member of the company commanded by Captain C! iudiu>
! C. Boughtur. of the N>;\v York Stat- volunteer-*, m the war
I with Great Urkam, declared by the Uniied Suite? June IB,
' A. D. 1810; that deponent knew John C. Rathbun, who
deponent; that, as near as deponent recollects, in the latter
part of August, A. U. JH14, this deponent, in company with
said Kathbun, was out on a foru^ing excursion, and met
a party of the British dragoons; that th«' compan> of which
deponent was a member was then puiauod, and this de-
ponent saw the said Kathbun wounded, by one ol the party
pursuing, across his head, and said Rathbun was ihpn taken
prisoner; that said Rathbun alteiwaids escaped, returned
to said-Coughtei's company, and continued m service with
this deponent in said company, and was di&ciiarsed in due
form, together with this deponent, on the 8th day ol Novem-
ber, 1814."
It does not appear at what time he returned,
but it seems he was discharged in November,
1814. Now, we have the affidavits of the phy-
sicians, which I did not read before:
" Blewfoid Johnson and John H. Weir, being duly sworn,
declare that they are practicing physicians i evident in said
county, (Madron county, Illinois) and that thfy have this
day made personal and accurate inspection of the bodj* of
one John C. Liathbun, a resident of --aid county, and have
disc.ove.ied that he has been wounded m three different pans
of hi- hodv, to wit: one in the head, as thev suppose with
a saber; another on the left shoulder, inflicted hkevvi-e. as
they think, with a&abei; and another through the left tlngh,
as they think, by a gun bhot, which passed tlnonsh the thigh
about five inches above the kn<je. They ato fully satisfied,
ftom said inspection and examination, that said John (J.
Rathbun is not only incapacitated for nnhiaiy duty, but, in
their opinion, is totally di-abled fiom obtaining lu-« subsist-
ence from manual laboi. The undersigned furthoi declare,
that they know nothing of the tune, placc. or manner m
which said wounds were inflicted. They, however, «tate
that they have been mioimed. and under his declaration
: believe, that said wounds weie inflicted at the tune and
: place and in the manner set foith."'
Now, it does seem to me that that makes a
reasonable case for the consideration of the Sen-
ntf You have here the fact that the man en-
Stated by him, and has been suffering ever since i, -was al&o a member of said company in &aid war with this
listed; you have his own affidavit as to his receiv-
ing the wounds; you have the testimony of a fellow-
soldier that he was taken prisoner; you have the
records from the Department showing that he
was taken prisoner; you have the statement of
the witnesses that he was wounded, and of phy-
sicians as to the character of those wounds. It
seems to me that it is a case thattheSenate ought
to suffer to pass, if they pass any bilk of this
character.
Mr. CLAY. But as the Senator from Florida
lernarked, the testimony of the only man who
does testify that he knows that this i;s$|fvidual
was wounded in battle, goes on to state that he
was wounded in the latter part of August, and
that he was taken prisoner at the time; that he
made his escape, returned to the service, and con-
tinued until he was discharged. These physi-
cians testify that he was so badly wounded that
he was disabled for military duty, and even dis-
abled from taking care of himself; but the chief
witness adduced by the claimant to piove that he
was wounded in the service of his country, says
he did military duty shortly afterwards—he came
back, performed military duty, and was dis-
charged. In corroboration of the statement that
he was capable of performing military duty, the
rolls of the office show his discharge without show-
; ing that he was disabled at all. And yet, in the
face of all that, the Senator from Illinois says
there is a strong showing of his title to a pension.
These physicians say the man is so disabled that,
in their opinion, he is unfit for military duty, and
that he is unable to support himself, and hiw chief
witness that he offers to prove how he got these
wounds, says he escaped from the enemy, and
in less than two months he was performing mil-
itary duty, and continued to perform it until his
| discharge. •
I Mr. TOOMBS. I have a word to say with
' reference to our duty as it has been laid down by
j the honorable Senator from Ohio. [Air. Wade.]
! I totally dissent from him. No Senator litis a
I right to transfer his powers over the public Tieas-
j ury to the committees. I say general standing
| committees, without any exception, are great nui-
i sances, and they ought to be abolished. _Most of
| the evils in the country, in connection with legis-
! laiion, grow out of them. Their duty, however,
J is to investigate and report to us the facts. Then,
I on those facts, each Senator is hound by his ob-
! ligation to give his judgment. We have no right
! to act on our own faith in anybody. We have
I no right to transfer our power. It is proper the
! report should be read, to let us know the facts
! and principles on which the committee put the
: case. 'That is one reason why I so frequently call
■ for the reading of the report. It has become a
1 thing well understood in the country, that almost
| any bill for a claim of this kind can pass the Scn-
I ate. A committee can easily be got to report in
