1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
favor of it. Some members are solicited on the :
subject; others do not attend the committee meet- i
ings. For myself, i can say that it is only occa- i
sionally that I go to the committee meetings to '
make a quorum to act on important business, for
I care Nothing about them. I do not attend them
one day more than I an) obliged to do; and, in-
deed, I had thought I would never attend another,
for I am quite sure it is not my duty, unless
charged with a special subject. This whole ma- j
chiriery is a means of transferring the legislation
of the country from those to whose hands the
Constitution commits it, to irresponsible juntas.
Very often they bring bills here without giving
ns any report at all. In most of uiese cases there
are no reports accompanying the bills, except ;
those which were made in the other House. With j
regard to the facts stated by committees, J must ;
take their statement, for that is their special busi-
ness. If they will tell me what is proven in any !
case, how it is proven, the nature of the evidence, ■
and the principle on which they act, I can pass ;
an opinion upon the subject. Further faith than j
that I will give to nobody, and I want nobody to 1
give me any more.
Mr. HAMLIN. In regard to a general rule i
applying to a class of cases, I am well aware that ;
Senators will disagree. In the adoption of a new .
law, a law which will increase the number of!
pensions, or of pensioners, I can see very well, f
and very readily, there may be good and serious
objections to it. But it does seem to me that we ,
are making a great deal of fuss out of a very small
capital in relation to these little bills that grant
pensions of from four to eight dollars a month to
poor invalids who have lost their health in the ♦
servicc of their cpuntry. I suppose if this were
a bill to grant a pension to the widow of some de- 1
ceased officer, and give fifty or one hundred dol-
lars a month, it would have momentum enough
to carry it along without so much opposition,
Now, what is the standing law—what has it ,
always been ? What have we always said to those
who enlisted in the service of the country? I
think we have always said—I understand that to
be the standing law—<f to a man who has become
an invalid in consequence of disease acquired m
the service, and in the line of his duty, wo will
grant a pension." That is the law now and al-
ways has been the law. -In construing that law
at the Department, and it seems to me, often, in ;
seeing how rigidly they can rule it against the ;
applicants, they cast out a great number of cases j
which do not come precisely within the rule they ;
have laid down, and some of those individuals |
come here. While 1 would grant nothing that is 1
wrong, I hold that this class of persons are enti-
tled to the beriQfk of all reasonable doubts, li a
man shows that he went into the sen ice ot the
United States in good health, and came out in ill
health, I think he ought to be entitled to his pen-
sion, and the burden ought to be upon the Gov-
ernment to show that he acquired his disability
in some other way than in the line of his duty.
A man may receive a disability in the full vigor
of life, and may recover from it to all appearance,
and become a well and able-bodied man, and that
disability may attack him again. I think I have
seen a great many such cases in my life; I think
I have seen cases about which I had no real
doubt myself, where men who had been in the
service, went into the service able-bodied, were
wounded, and who apparently entirely recovered
from these pounds, but in the process of time,
with a^c came a new development of what was
supposed to be a healed wound, and the man be-
comes disabled. Then the case is presented at
the Department. He cannot furnish the evidence
they require there, to show that this disability is
to be traced to the wound, either as the approx-
imate or the remote cause, while to every man
who knows him, to every man who has been ac-
quainted with him, every man who sees him,
thev^ is not a particle of doubt that it is so.
That is the class of cases that come here; and
I apply that reasoning precisely to this ease. It
the man could have proved by one officer or two
witnesses, who served with him, that he was
wounded while in the line of his duty, and could
have proved that that wound was the proximate
and remote cause of the present disability, he
would get a pension at the department. Now,
what does this claimant prove? He proves by
one witness that he was wounded by a musket
in the thigh. The evidence also shows that he
recovered from it, and continued to serve: but
what is the certificate from the two physicians?
What is the new development of this case? Noth-
ing more and nothing less than that it was sup-
posed to be one from which he recovered—one
which did not prevent his serving afterwards; but
at this time those physicians expressly testify to
you that in the progress of years, as age creeps
upon the man, the wound has disabled him en-
tirely from laljor. That is the case as presented.
I shall cheerfully vote for the bill
Mr. WADE. It appears to me that the Sena-
tor from Georgia has been exceedingly unfortu-
nate in his associations upon the committees.
His experience is that all the committee's of this
body that he knows anything about have been
nuisances. If that had been my experience, if I
thought no confidence was to be reposed in what
they did, that they falsified the truth without any
motive to do so, or that they were such consum-
mate blockheads that they could not understand
evidence, or if they did understand it that they
were so perverse that they would not give us the
result of the testimony, I would not depend much
on their reports myself; but that has not been
my experience, so far as I have had any, in this
body. I have been on some committees, and
served a longtime upon the Committeeon Claims.
I know very well that while I was a member of
it, it was the purpose of the committee to ascer-
| tain the truth in regard to every claim presented
! to it, to investigate the evidence with a sincere
desire to ascertain what the real truth was, and
what the law and the evidence required at their
n hands. The result of our investigations, I believe,
was always honestly given to this body. I be-
1 lieve every Senator is a member of some commit-
tee. All whose experience corresponds with that
of the Senator from Georgia, of course, will give
no effect to the finding of the committee in this
case. Every man who, with him, has found that
the committees have been nuisances; that they
refuse to investigate matters before them; or if
they have investigated them, have not done it
with an honest purpose to report the truth; will
place no confidence in the finding of the commit-
tee in this case, but will vote against it, and ought
to do so. They will take nothing upon faith.
Now I think there are a few things which we are
i j almost obliged to take as matters of faith. Does
I the Senator from Georgia seriously mean to have
|! us believe that he reads over every case that comes
before Congress, that he investigates minutely all
: the testimony, that he never votes until he has
1 fully examined and come to a conclusion upon
the case?
I think we may very well trust our committees
to dispose of these small matters. A great many
gentlemen here have been judges in rourts,and I
think are perfectly competent to dispose, at least,
of such small matters as we would intrust to a
justice of the peace to decide. I suppose^ we are
| all as honest as we were when we were justices
! of the peace, and as competent m all these small
matters as we formerly were to come to just con-
; elusions upon the evidence. If so, I do not think
every member of the Senate should interfere mi-
nutely to criticise what his brother merftbers, on
the appropriate committee, have done in regard
to a small hill like this. As I said before, I am
willing to take the conclusion of the committee,
!' unless it is Apparent that they have adopted some
new, strange, dangerous, or anomalous principle.
,! Especially may we trust them upon a question
involving nothing more than a pension of four
dollars a" month to some poor individual. Oil such
' a point, I am willing to repose faith in the action
of the House of Representatives, based upon the
, investigation of theircommittees, especially when
their doings have been submitted to one of our
committees who have found that they were right.
I am willing to avow that in such a case, I will
not criticise'minutely all that they have done, as I
would ill a court criticise an indictment brought
asamst a man for murder, if I were his counsel,
and undertaking to quash the indictment because
it was informal. I will not take a technical ex-
ception, because the committee have left out
something winch they might as well have em-
bodied lif tlieir report". I think we are spending
more time over these questions than would pay
all these pensions. I should like to know what
i the expenses of this body have been while debat-
ing this four-dollar pension bill. I believe they
would amount to enough to pay a great many
four-dollar pensions. As I said before, I am per-
fectly willing to repose in the conclusion of a
committee who have had the matter in charge,
and have reported that it isright, just, and proper
to grant this pension. That is my kind of faith;
I act upon it, and I mean to act upon nothing else
ill regard to questions of this sort. • •
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator has failed to at1
taek the principle which I stated; but he hasput
his own version of my words in-rny mouth", and
said that I had attacked the integrity of* the com-
mittees. I did not do so; but, if I wanted to do
so, I would have said so.
Mr. WADE. You said they were nuisances.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; I said they were nui-
sances, and 1 repeat it. They are not the proper
bodies to exercise legislative power. Theyare not
known in the country from which we draw our
institutions. They have no standing committees.
They raise special committees on special subjects.
I am charged with a constitutional duty as a mem-
ber of this body, and I have no right to delegate
it to six or eight members of this body as a gen-
eral standing committee. I said that where they
investigate the facts, I will take their statement of
them. It is their duty to give me the facts and
principles involved in their repefrt, that I may pass
my judgment upon them. 1 ask what is the ob-
ject of requiring the committees to make reports?
Is it simply to increase the pay of the Printer?
It would seem to be'nothing else, according to the
idea of the Senator from Ohio. He does not seem
to think that we are To investigate these reports;
and, according to his idea, the only use of making
I them is to give the congressional Printer more
work to do.
Mr. WADE. If you repose no faith in "what
the committees have done, of what good is their
report ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I expressed no such opinion
as that I would repose no faith in what they did.
I said I would take the facts as they reported
them, and it is their duty to investigate them;
and I would take their principle unless I differed
from them. I must take the facts from them be-
cause I cannot investigate them all myself. I must
let them state the principle on which they act;
and then, admitting the facts they state, I must
bring my judgment to the principle they assert;
and no Senator who does his duty acts in any
other way. If you have less business than yoa
can attend to, go home.
It is a mistaken idea to talk about spending
money on these liitle matters. There is not one
! dollar more money spent to-day by our debating
j this claim than by our doing anything else. You
| will sv, here until the 4th of March, at twelve
ii o'clock, and will sit no longer, whether you have
this bill up or something else up. ltisacommon
I newspaper idea that we are wasting public time
by debating these matters. My own opinion is,_
that the best time you spend, the nine tenths of
it, is when you do nothing; therefore it has been
a general rule with me always to vote for adjourn-
ments, so as to get rid of the sittings of this body.
That has been my general rule of action for four-
teen years, unless in exceptional cases, and espe-
cially when you are doing no other business than
taking all the paupers of the United States and
jl putting them on the Treasury on no testimony
'| except their own statement that they'were in the
lj Army forty years ago, and were wounded. I will
" vote for none of them on principle; but, when you
| havSadopted a system, and bring me a case that
I is within the equity of your general law, I will
: put it m the list; but I will vote no pension as
a gratuity. I never have done it, and ne\ei will
! do it. 1 think you are breaking down the Gov-
i ernment as rapidly as it can he done by us own
! weight, pensioning all the vagrants who come
here. According to the idea of*the Si'vmtor from
■ Ohio, all a'man has to do is to make affidavit and
o-et a pension. He tells us we ha\e the affidavit
' of the claimant in this case. I do not think that
• amounts to much. In my country, even before
a justice of the peace, it would not be taken;! do
'■ not know whether it would be before a justice
■■ of the peace in Ohio. According torny experi-
| ence, it would nor be received at all in the ordi-
'< nary administration ofjusttce. It was not received
;j at the common law. It has no faith elsewhere
li than in the Senate. The statement of a party
