36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
with. Therefore, the judge substitute of the probate judge
(of Letras) of this district orders and signs in my presence.
TOMAS PANTOS COY.
DOMINGO V. MEJIA, N". P.
Under this same date, Don Thomas de la Vega is duly no-
tified of the above proceedings.
DOMINGO V. MEJIA.
Thomas de la Vega.
On the same day appeared Don Juan Gonzales, Zertucho,
who having taken cognizance of the petition and citation
that precede, and having accompanied the honorable judge
to the locality where are Kept the archives of the illustrious
aynntamiento, and the secretary having been requested to
produce the record of public acts for the year 1832, and the
same being done, Don Juan Gonzales, after having read and
examined the written power of attorney above referred to
in the petition, declared that the power of attorney on rec-
ord is the same authorized by him at that date, and is in
conformity in all its parts with the testnnonio also author-
ized by him, and that the signature of Don Thomas de la
Vega does not appear thereon—he knows not why ; and,
after having so declared, be herehy sjgned in presence of
and together with the judge, as witne«s-eth.
JUAN GONZALES, Zcrtucho.
SANTOS COY.
DOMINGO V. MEJIA, A\ P.
I certify with all due formality that the power appears to
have been given by theLicentiate, Don Jos«i ?4aria Aguirre,
Don Thomas delaVcga,andDou Raphael de Aguirre, on the
5th ot May, 1832. and which is on the records of that year,
is not signed by Don Thomas de la Vega, and ha* no other
authorization than the signature of Don Juan Gonzales,
who fulfilled the office of judge, without the as.-i.nanoe of
a scribe or of competent witnesses, who ought to have ac-
companied him to give validity to that act. according to our
Jaws; and m accordance with the prayer contained in the
annexed petition, I here athx my signature in piesenceof
the scribe, as witnesseih.
TOMAS SANTOS COY.
Domingo V. Megia, iV. P.
On two pages sealed paper is delivered the testimony to
Mr. Vega.
The Governor of the free and sovore.gn States of Neuva
Leon and Coahuila. legalize^ the signature of the citizen,
Tomas Santos Gov, judge -ulwtitnte of the probate judge
of the di* tiict of Saltillo, and that of the public scribe, the
citizen Dorrnugo V. Mejia, which authenticate the annexed
prceedmsrdocuments, in the matter ofthe petition adduced
to haul authorities by the citizen, Thomas de Ja Vega, Mon-
u-roy, September 1S.">8.
DOMINGO MARTFNE2.
Juan Garza, Cromc. Secrctaiy.
The consular certificate I annex.
J. WALSH, Comal.
I hereby certify that the signatures to the annexed docu-
ments aie those ofthe Governor and Secietary of the State
of Neuva Leon and <1oahni!a, in the Republic of Mexico ;
and the same as they place on all public wntmgs.
Given tinder inv hand and the consular seal this 23d day
of September,
J. WALSH, Consul.
This, I suppose, will settle the question as to
the testimony of Hewilson, and as to the five or
six thousand dollar testimony of the old man Gon-
zales, and will show by what sort of title Jud<xe
Watrous and his confederates hold this §300,000
worth of land.
Here is as proper a place as any to call the at-
tention of the House to a paragraph in the report
of that part of the committee which reports against
the mipeachmentof Judge Watrous. It is as fol-
lows:
<• This property, it appear*., consisted of a tract of land
in Tew, granted by the State of Coahuila to Thomas de la
Vega, and located and sold by his attomej, Samuel M. Wil-
liam*, one of the cinjurcswios of Tcxa->, ahfonatcd with
Stephen F. Austin, for whose benefit, and to rele;i«- whom
from imprisonment in Mexico, the land was sold by Wil-
Uam^."
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Ready,] upon whose authority that
pamgiaph was inserted m the report? And I ic-
specttuiiy ask him for an answer before the House.
There was no such testimony before the commit-
tee that I am aware of. And I want to know
who it is that is Obtruding the name of that great
man, to whose memory the people of Texas look
with pride, to prevent the trial and punishment of
Judge Watrous? I know the-gentleman did not
put it there withoutauthority, and that, the cause
oi justice demanding it, he will state the authority
foi saying that thi.s La Vega grant was sold to
release Gencial Austin fiom imprisonment in
Mexico.
Much has been said during the progress of this
case about the clamoring of the people of Texas
against the Federal judiciary. And it lias been
more than intimated by gentlemen that it arose
from the fact that the "Federal judges held their
positions by a tenure which enabled them to dis-
regard the passions and prejudices ofthe people;
that it was an outcry against an independent judi-
ciary. It is urged that the judge became unpop-
ular because he had the honesty to decide against
an improper construction of the statute of limita-
tion, and thereby to force dishonest and abscond-
ing debtors in Texas to pay their debts; and
because he had had the independence to enforce
the law justly, where large grants of land were
involved, against which the people were both in-
terested and prejudiced. And upon these grounds
his friends rest, it seems to me, as his best de-
fense. Judge Watrous himself set up this defense.
In his answer, addressed to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, in reply to the charges preferred against
him, he says:
" But it will be asked, whence comes all this discontent?
Why are these repeated attempts to remove Judge Wat-
rous made? Why did the Legislature pass* resolutions re-
questing hnn to resign ? I will mention two things whieh
have exerted a powerful and controlling influence in the
production of this controversy. One is the statute of limit-
ation ; the other, titles to land withm the border and littoral
leagues."
And he devotes six pages of his answer to prove
this. The committee was asked, during these
investigations, for permission to disprove these
allegations. But they refused to hear any proof
on these questions, saying that they were only
called on to investigate the charges which had
been made against Judge Watrous, and that it
was not necessary to inquire into the causes which
led to those charges. ] supposed this determina-
tion had been enforced impartially on bpjth sides,
and still think it was; though, when I attempted
to call the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Tappan] to order, the other day, for discussing
this question, because there was no testimony in
relation to it, he informed me there was testimony
on the point; that Judge Hughes had testified.
Well, if Hale had been here, he, too, would, in all
probability, have been a witness to that point; for
there is no dispensing with the services of one or
both, when Judge Watrous is conccrned. If the
gentleman will pardon me, if I am not mistaken
ho agreed with others, very properly, as I think,
to exclude all such evidence from the investiga-
tion.
As Judge Watrous, however, relies on these
allegations, and as his friends all discuss them,
and rely on them m this debate, notwithstanding
the prosecution was refused the privilege of intro-
ducing witnesses to establish their falsity, I must
call the attention of the House to a few facts con-
nected with them.
Judge Watrous in his answer on the first al-
legation, the one relating to the statute of limita-
tions, devotes over two pages to show, "upon his
own authority, of course, that one Stafford had
become indebted to the TTnion Rank of Missis-
sippi in a large sum, and run a large number of
negroes to Texas, and was sued there, and plead
the statute of limitation, &c.; and that he had
ordered the negroes sequestered, and ruled against
Stafford on the statute of limitation, and these
things produced an outcry and prejudice against
him. Then he goes on to say he is informed that
General Cuny, of that State, was Stafford's broth-
er-in-law, and that Genera) Cuny was the Sena-
tor who introduced in the Senate of Texas the
joint resolutions of J848, asking him to resign his
office of judge. Now, I beg honorable, gentlemen
to turn to this part of Judge Watrous's answer,
(on pase 25,) and see with what fervency of elo-
quence lie descants on this supposed state of
facts.
Now, one would suppose, of course, after all
the labor, and circumstantiality, and apparent
candor and earnestness with winch he belaboured
this point, that there was some truth in this part
of his defense. But after the witnesses fromTexas
reached here last spring, and he may well have
supposed he would be detected, lie walked into
the room of the committee to whom this report
was made, and asked the committee to allow him
to withdraw his answer; that on reflection he found
he was mistaken about the ruhng on this Stafford
case before the resolutions were passed by the Le-
gislature asking him to resign; stating that lie found
the suit was instituted after that time. And this
was the truth—that the suit was instituted some
months after these resolutions had been passed.
Now, one would think, in view of this fact, that
it was unfortunate he had expended so much labor
and earnest fervency of expression on this part
of his answer, leaving out of view the little mat-
ter of making so unfortunate a mistake in his de-
fense. But no; his friends, as though they were
afraid we should forget this blunder, remind us
in almost every speech, of his honest rulings on
the statute of limitation, and the unjust clamor
of the people against him for it. if we had been
permitted, we would have proven to the commit-
tee that there was no truth in this part of the de*
fense—not that there may not have been some
complaint against his rulings in some cases, for
no judge can escape such complaints; and he is
as well prepared as most judges to prove com-
plaints against him. But we would have proven
that the complaints which alarmed the people of
Texas, on account of Judge Watrous's position
and power, as United States district judge with
circuit court powers, solejudgeashe was, resulted
from the facts which were notorious, (and are
| pr#ven now by the many entries on his own
docket, transferring causes to another court which,
from interest, he could not try,) that he had been
of counsel for what was called the New Yoik
Land Company, which owned many million acres
of fraudulent land certificates against Texas. It
was known he was interested in the establishment
of these certificates.
Then it was known that he was counsel for the
holders of what we called the Mason eleven-league
grants—a very large class of grants, which had
been improperly and unlawfully obtained from
the Mexican authorities, and which,for that rea-
son, were declared void by the convention which
formed the constitution of the Republic of Texas,
and again by'the convention which formed the
constitution of the State of Texas. This will be
seen to have been the ground on which these res-
olutions were passed, by looking at them. And
as they constitute a part of Mussina's memorial,
and embrace a part of the charges on which the
judge is now being tried, I will read them. They
are, as follows:
" Whereas it is believed that John C. Watrous, judge of
the United States district courtfor the district of Texas, has,
while seeking that important position, given legal opinions? lit
causes and questions to be litigated hereafter, m whieh the
interests ot individuals and of the State are immensely in-
volved, whereby it is believed he has disqualified the court
in which he presides from uying.-uch question:* and causes,
theiehy rendering it neceseaiy to tiarit-fer an indefinite and
unknown numbei of Pints, Imeafter to be commenced, to
courts out ofthe State foi tii.il; and whereas it is also be-
lieved that the said John C. Watrous has, while in office,
aided and assisted certain individual, if not directly Kitei-
ested himself, m an attempt to fasten upon this State one
of the most stupendous fraud3 ever practiced upon any
country or any people, the effect of which would be to rob
Texas of millions of acres of her public domain, her only
hope or iesource for the payment of her public debt; and
whet cass his conduct in court and elsewhere, in derogation
of his duty as a judge, has been marked by such prejudice
and injustice towards the rights ot the States, and divers of
its citizens, as to show that he does not de&erve the high
.station he occupies: Theiefore,
" Section 1. Beit resolved by the Legislature of the State
of Texas* That the said John C. Watrous be, and he is here-
by, requested, m behalf ot the people of the State, to resign
bis office of judge of said'Umted States court for the dis-
trict of Texas. ,
*• Sec. 2. Be it farther resolved. That the Governor for-
ward to the said John O. Watrous, under the seal*of the
State, a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolution;
also, a copy to each of out Senators and Representatives m
the Congress of the United States.
" Appioved, March 20,1848."
These resolutions, I should suppose, were at
least as good evidence of the cause of the clamor
in Texas against Judge Watrous as his unsworn
statement about his rulings on the statute of lim-
itation, which he retracted before the committee,
and asked to withdraw. As to the clamor about
hisrulmgs on large grants, I have this to say—and
I say it because it is a part of the law and public
history of Texas, and on this ground I have a
right to say it—that the supreme court of Texas
have adjudged as valid a very large number of
eleven-league grants, and parts of such grants,
and are doing so every year; and though there
may be, and are, occasional complaints about the
establishment of these grants, there has been no
public clamor either against the courts or the
judges; but the people submit to these adjudica-
tions with as much loyalty to the existing tribu-
nals, (and I say it with pride,) as they do any-
where.
A s an evidence of this, our three supreme judges,
who were appointed by the Governor of the State
in 1846, were all reelected, by the people in 16552,
the mode of appointment having been changed.
They then all resigned in 1855, the law having in-
creased their salaries, and were all reelected again
by the people; and oneof them, Judge Hemphill,
was last winter elected United States Senator; and
another of them, Judge Wheeler, was this year
