1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
himself is notadmitted in the usual administration
of justice accoiding to the common law. I know
there have been, in some States, statutory pro-
visions to alter that; but that has been the ordi-
nary course of the common law for eight hundred
years. It is regarded here, however, as plenary.
A man swears that he was wounded, and that is
enough.
In these cases, I ascertain from the report of
the committee what are the facts, and the prin-
ciple on which the bill is based. If it comes within
the principles of the general law, I am silent; but
if not, I vote against it. The Senator from Ohio
and myself differ toto ccelo. I have nothing to say
as to his integrity; but if he were a member of
the Pension Committee, according to his prin-
ciples, he would take very slight evidence, slighter
than I would do. A committee may accept evidence
which I would receive. They bring me the* tes-
timony of a soldier; I know nothing of his char-
acter; I have no means of applying those legal
tests which the experience of all ages and all coun-
tries has shown to be necessary to find out the
truth. I do not see him ; I do not know him; I
have no evidence of his character but recom-
mendations, which we know are easily obtained.
I wish to depend upon the principles of justice,
for the ascertainment of facts. No man resists
more sternly than the honorable Senator from
Ohio the reports of committees, when they come
in conflict with his peculiar opinions. I think it
is a bad mode of legislation to have general stand-
ing committees; and I will not part with a particle
of my power, nor give my vote upon faith, ex-
cept as to those facts which they present to me,
and which they have examined.
Mr. WADE. I wish barely to say, that on
the principle on which my friend from Georgia
acts,-that the less a legislative body does the more
valuable it is, we are the most valuable body in
the world. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 have been waiting until
this very important matter could be settled, for
the purpose of calling up a message which 1 un-
derstand has been received from the President of
the United States; but, as 1 see no hope of this
bill being passed 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote on it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator has made two
speeches himself in favor of it. 1 move to take
up the message of the President, which is lying
on the table, and have it read. It is on a measure
of great public interest, and I prefer listening to
that. 1 move to postpone this bill for the put pose
of hcaiing the message which lias just been sent
in t<> us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be done,
sir. XiCt us dispose of this little bill. I appre-
hend no one wants to make any more speeches
on it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If nobody else wishes to
speak, 1 shall not interpose.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 17.
AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rkid in
the chair.) The Chair, by permission of the Sen-
ate, will present, and cause to be read, a message
from the President of the United States.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
The brief period which remains of your present
session, and the great urgency and importance of
legislative action, before its termination, for the
protec'ion of American citizens and their prop-
erty whilst m transit across the isthmus routes
between our Atlantic and Pacific possessions,
render it my duty again to recall this subject to
your notice. I have heretofore presented it in my
annual messages, both in December, 1857 and
1858, to which I beg leave to refer. In the latter,
I state thatthe Executive Government of this
country,in its intercom se with foreign nations, is
limited to the employment of diplomacy alone.
When this fails, it can proceed no fnriher. It
cannot legitimately resort to force, without the
direct authority of Congress*, except in resisting
and repelling hostile attacks. It would have no
authority to entei the teiiltories of Nicaragua,
even to pieveijt the destruction of the tiansit, and
protect the lives and property of our own citizens
on their passage. It is true, that on a sudden
emergency of this character, the President would
ditect any armed force in the vicinity to march to
their relief; but in doing this, he would act upon
his own responsibility.
" Underthese circumstances, I earnestly recom-
mend to Congress the passage of an act authoriz-
ing the President, under such restrictions as they
may deem proper, to employ the land and naval
forces of the United States in preventing the tran-
sit from being obstructed or closed by'lawless
violence, and in protecting the lives and property
of Ameiican citizens traveling thereupon, re-
quiring, at the same time, that these forces shall
be withdrawn the moment the danger shall have
passed away. Without such a provision, our
citizens will be constantly exposed to interruption
in their progress, and to lawless violence.
" A similar necessity exists for the passage of
such an act for the protection of the Panama and
Tehuantepec routes."
Anothersubject, equally important, commanded
the attention of the Senate at the last session of
Congress.
The republics south of the United States on
this continent have unfortunately been fiequently
in a state of revolution and civil war ever since
they achieved their independence. As one or the
other party has prevailed and obtained possession
of the ports open to foreign commerce, they have
seized and confiscated American vessels and their
cargoes m an arbitrary and lawless manner, and
exacted money fiom Ameiican citizens by forced
loans and other violent proceedings, to enable
them to carry on hostilities. The Executive Gov-
ernments of Great Butam, France, and other
countries, possessing the war-making power, can
promptly emt-loy the necessary means to enforce
immediate rediess for similar outrages upon their
subjects. Not so the Executive Government of
the United States.
If the President orders a vessel of war to any
of these ports to demand prompt redress for out-
rages committed, the offending patties are well
aware that, 111 case of lefusal, the commander can
do no more than remonstrate, fie can resort to
no hostile act. The question must then be re-
ferred to diplomacy, and m many cases adequate
redress can never be obtained. Thus, American
citizens are deprived of the same protection, under
the flag of their country, which the subjects of
other nations enjoy. The lcmedy for this state
of things can only be supplied by Congress, since
the Constitution has conlided to that body alone
the power to make war. Without the uuihouty
of Congress, the Executive cannot lawfully direct
any foiee, however near it may be to the scene
of difficulty, to enter the territory of Mexico, Nic-
aragua, or New Granada, for the purpose of de-
fending the peisons and property of American
citizens, even though they may be violently as-
sailed whilst passing in peaceful transit over the
Tehuantepec, Nicaragua, or Panama routes, lie
cannot, without transcending his constitutional
power, direct a gun to be fired into a poit, or land
a seaman or marine, to protect the lives of oui
countrymen on shoie, ot to obtain redicss for a
lecent outrage on their property. The banditti
which infest our neighboring Republic of Mexico,
always claiming to belong to one or other of the
hostile parties, might mako a sudden descent on
Vera Ciuz, or on the Tehuantepec route, and he
would have no power to employ the force on ship-
board m the vicinity for their leiief, either to pre-
vent the plunder of our merchants or the destruc-
tion of the transit.
In reference to countries-whcre the local author-
ities are strong enough toenfoice the laws, the
difficulty here indicated can seldom happen; but
where this is not the case, and the local authori-
ties do not possess the physical power, even if
they possess the will,to protect our citizens withm
their limits, recent experience has shown that the
American Executive should itself be authorized
to render this protection. Such agrantof author-
ity, thus limited in its extent, could m no just
sense be regarded as a transfer of the war-making
power to the Executive, but only as an appro-
priate exercise of that power by the body to whom
it exclusively belongs. The riot at Panama in
165u, iii which a great number of our citizens lost
their lives, furnishes a pointed illustration of the
necessity which may arise for the exertion of this
authority.
I, therefore, earnestly recommend to Congress,
on whom the responsibility exclusively rests, to
pass a law before their adjournment, conferring
on the President the power to protect the lives
and property of American citizens in the cases
which I have indicated, under such restrictions
and conditions as they may deem advisable. The
knowledge that such a law exists would of itself
go far to prevent the outrages which it is intended
to redress, and to render the employment of force
unnecessary.
Without this, the President may beplaccd in a
painful position before the meeting of the next
Congress.- In the present disturbed condition of
Mexico, and one or more of the other Republics
south"of us, no peison can foresee what occur-
rences may take place before that period. Incase
of emergency, our citizens seeing that they do not
enjoy the same protection with subjects of Eu-
ropean Governments, will have just cause to com-
plain. On the other hand, should the Executive
interpose, and especially should the result prove
disastrous, and valuable lives be lost, he might
subject himself to severe censure for having as-
sumed a power not confided to him by the Con-
stitution. It is to guard against this contingency
that I now appeal to Congress.
Having thus recommended to Congress a meas-
ure which I deem necessary and expedient for the
interest and honor of the country, I leave the
whole subject to their wisdom and discretion.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, February 18. 1859.
Mr. MASON. The recommendations con-
tained in this message are to be found in the an-
nual message of the President laid before Con-
gress at the commencement of this session. That
part of the message was rcfcrre'd to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and the committee ic-
ported a bill to carry into effect the recommenda-
tions of the Executive. I presume it is because
that bill has not been acted upon that the Presi-
dent has thought it wise and pioper to send in
this special mosaic urging upon Congress the
passage of such a law. I am disposed to think,
so far as I can gather information fiom general
conversation, that there will be found some dif-
ference of opinion among .Senators as to the ex-
pediency of adopting the legislation which the
President has recommended. Yet, foi one, enter-
taining, as I doubt not other Senators do, respect
for the opinions of the executive department and
the recommendations which the Executive is
bound to give to us, 1 should be disposed to con-
sider that it was incumbent on the Senate to give
to that subject immediate attention. I propose,
therefore, that the message be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations,-with a view to pre-
sent to the Senate the opinion of the appropriate
committee as to the expediency of acting upon the
biil which has been reported to the Senate dur-
ing the present session. 1 move that the message
be piinted and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There are several things
in the message that \ approve veiy much, but
there will be gieat difficulty in carrying it out,
and i think the difficulty has been incieasod by
some transactions that have occurred within the
last two years. In 1856, after the occurrence at
Panama which is spoken of in the message, i in-
troduced a proposition, in accoidance with our
treaty with New Granada, as I understood it, au-
thorizing the President to use force for the very
purpose indicated in the message. It was voted
down by a decided majority of the other House.
Since then the only movements made in that di-
rection, m my judgment, seem calculated to retard
instead of advancing the objects we ought to have
in view.
The President says—and I rather think lightly
—that he has no power to lire a gun for the pro-
tection of our citizens anywhere in Nicaragua.
If that be the case it is perfectly clear that the
movement of Commodore Paulding was uncon-
stitutional. He went into Nicaragua not, in fact,
to protect our citizens; and if he had gone there
forihat purpose, the President says in substance
he would have had no authoiity to send him
there; but his conduct has met with no censure,
cither from the President or Congress. Trap, the
President said he had committed a "grave error,"
but his special message was devoted to praising
his motives and excusing and palliating his act.
