1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
elected by the people to the office <3f chief justice,
ho having been associate justice while Judge'
Hemphill was chief justice.
Now, thesejudges have been adjudicating these
claims all the time, and establishing or overruling
them, as justice required; and yet they are popu-
lar with the people. My friend from New York
[Mr. Clark] says he loves unpopular judges.
These are thought to be most excellent judges;
and yet they are popular with the people. There,
gentlemen, is^ a faithfulness of the people of
Texas to an honest judiciary, of which South
Carolina might be proud; and I believe she sel-
dom changes her judges or her members of Con-
gress.
X hope, in view of these facts, that gentlemen
will find some other ground of defense forjudge
Watious than the denunciation of the people of
Texas for being clamorous and revengeful to-
wards an honest judge, because he has the moral
courage to do his duty.
I will bring one more matter to your attention,
and I have done. During the investigation of this
matter before the committee, I caused a memo-
rial, which was presented to Congress in 1852, by
William Alexander, Esq.,asking for the impeach-
ment of Judge Watrous, to be withdrawn from
the filee by order of the House, and referred to
the committee.
I was in part induced to ask a reinvestigation
of the charges contained in that memorial, by the
fact that the Legislature of Texas, during its ses-
sion last winter passed another set of resolutions
in relation to Judge Watrous, instructing the Rep-
resentatives of that State to urge his trial on all
the charges against him; and those contained in
this memorial were a part of the charges which
werecontemplated by the Legislature,as appeared
by the debates and the report of the committee
which prepared the resolutions. And I was in
part induced to do so because the charges had
never been fully examined, and because I be-
lieved them to be true, and such as demanded
Judge Watrous's impeachment.
The committee, as will be recollected, brought
this matter before the House and asked its direc-
tion as to whether they should proceed with the
investigation of the charges contained in'this me-
morial, and by a vote of the House it was de-
termined they should not. The reasons urged for
this were, that the memorial had once been acted
on, and the charges had not been sustained, and
because they were now regarded as stale. I then
went before the committee with the transcript of
a record from the United States circuit court for
xsew Orleans, properly certified, the case of James
Phalen against David P. Herman, which was ori-
ginally instituted in the United States district
court at Galveston, m which Judge Watrous pre-
sided. And I proposed to make the charge in my
own proper person, that in that case he had col-
luded with other persons to have the suit brought
in his own court, for which purpose he and those
vjth whom he acted had caused a note to be
executed by Herman to Phalen for §3,000, as
the consideration for a fraudulent land certifi-
cate for a league and labor of land, when at the
time he and they knew the certificate to be fraud-
ulent and void and worthless, and when, in fact,
among; those who traded in them, they were worth
but about one hundred dollars; that he and they
had made up this case in vacation, and trans-
ferred it to the circuit court at Nefr Orleans,
and there, by collusion and fraud, managed, on
pleas prepared for that purpost, to-get the court
to ad]udge the certificate to be valid. And that
he and they then, with like fraud and collusion,
took the case by writ of error to the Supreme
Court of the United States, with a view to secure
an affirmance of the judgment of t|ie circuit court
at New Orleans, and thus to secure a decision of
that tribunal by which they could bind the State
of Texas to satisfy the outstanding fraudulent
certificate against her, which, as was shown by
official data, amounted to over twenty-four million
acrcs; and that they were only prevented from
consummating their purpose by the State employ-
ing counsel to come here and represent her inter-
est in the Supreme Court, and so arrest this scheme
of fraud. 1 offered tiny record to prove the facta
it contained, and among them were these: that the
note which was given for the certificate was exe-
cuted on the 5th dav of July, 1S56; that the rec-
ord contains an order, in the form of a letter, ad-
dressed by JudgeWatrous to Thomas Bates, Esq.,
the clerk of his court, which is as .follows:
James Phalev, a citizen of ) In the district court of the
the State of New York, j United States for the district
vs. of Texas,exercising the povv-
David I?. Herman, a citizen j ers and jurisdiction of a cir-
of the State of Texas. Jcuitcourt.
Whereas the undersigned, judge of the district court of
the United States for the district of Texas, was employed
as a counsel inanumber of cases, ofwhieh the present case
is one, which renders it improper, in his opinion, to sit on
the trial of this suit; and whereas it is apparent from the
petition filed that the subject-matter of this suit is cogni-
zable only In the circuit court of the United States; and
whereas there is no judge, except the undersigned, author-
ized by law to hold said court for the trial of said cause; it
is hereby ordered, upon application of the plaintiff in this
cause, that this fact be entered upon the r-eeorrt«? of the
court; and it is further hereby ordered, that an authenti-
cated copy of this order, together with all the proceedings in
thid suit, shall be forthwith certified by the clerk of this
court to the circuit court of the United States for the cir-
cuit of Louisiana, sitting at the city of New Orleans, the
same being the most convenient circuit court in the next
adiacenr State hereto, for such order and proceedings in
said circuit of Louisiana, in this case, as to the said court
may seem agreeable. ' JOHN C. WATROUS.
January 23, ] 847.
To Thomas Bates, Esq., United States District Court.
In which you see he recites that he "was
employed in a number of cases, of which the pres-
ent case is one/' which rendered it improper for
him to " sit in the tria!;"and he, on thataccount,
orders it to be transferred to New Orleans. His
commission as judge is dated on.the 29th of May,
184G; and the cause of action in this ^ase, as you
wili see by the date of the note, was the 5th of
July of the same year. £[o that, if he was em-
ployed as counsel in thajBfce, it was after he was
appointed judge; and ifW was not employed as
counsel, he statedHkhis official character, on the
records of his court, that which was not true,
with a view to give his court jurisdiction of the
case; and in either eventfurnishes record evidence
that he was unfit to be a judge. But I did not
propose to rest the case on this record alone,
strong as it is, but told the committee the wit-
nesses were then here in the city—men of high
respectability, who had been summoned and
brought from Texas to testify in this case, by
whom*I expected to make out the case against
him.
I also offered to the committee to make the
charge against Judge Watrous, that he had sold
three fraudulent league certificates to a gentleman
by the name of Lowe, of lilmois, for about six
thousand dollars, when lie knew the certificates to
be fraudulent, void, and worthless; and when, by
the laws of Texas, to sell such certificates was a
crime of the grade of forgery, and punishable with
the most ignominious penalties. And I proposed
to prove this charge j^y a part of a record which
I had from the district court fof'Galveston county,
Texas, and M the testimony of gentlemen who
were then here as witnesses in this case from
Texas.
But Judge Watrous resisted my right to make
these charges, and the committee felt themselves
bound by the action of the House on the Alex-
ander memorial, as these were a part of the
charges contained in that memorial, and deciined
to hear the charges. I then gave notice to Judge
Watrous, and his counsel, General Cushmg,tbat
when the House came to act on the report of the
committee I should bring these things to the atten-
tion of the House, so that if, by such means, he
should elude a trial and escape justice, the Rep-
resentatives of the people, and the people of the
nation, through our proceedings, should know
how it was done. I have performed that duty.
It is proper for me to say here, too, that while
Judge Watrous has made a sort of outward show
of a desire for a trial, he has thrown every pos-
sible obstacle in the way of being sent to the Sen-
ate fora trial. And it may strike many as a matter
of surprise, that while an humble lieutenant ill the
Army or Navy, ifcensured with the least dishonor,
will not be satisfied until he vindicates his honor
before a court, here we have a judicial officer of
the second rank in the nation resisting every ef-
fort to secure an investigation of his judicial con-
duct and good behavior.
For these reasons, and others shown by the
record. I ask you, Representatives, in the name
and behalf of the State of Texas, to send Judge
Watrous to the Senate for trial.
I know that, in the progress of the investigation1
of this case, I have manifested some anxiety and
zeal. I desire to say, however, that it was frOra
a desire to do my whole duty, ia a matter of great
moment to my43tate and nation, and not because
of any personal malice towards Judge Watrous;
for I have had no acquaintance with him person-
all)^ except to see him occasionally since this
investigation has been on hand, and I have no
cause for personal complaint. And if in this
speech my language has sometimes been plain and-
strong, I believe it to be faithfully true, and to
have been spoken of the greatest judicial offender
this nation ever produced.
Before Mr. Reagan had concluded the deliv-
ery of the foregoing speech, the hour allotted to
him expired; and he asked leave to conclude his
argument.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope the House
will permit the gentleman from Texas to proceed.
The case is worthy a good deal of consideration.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. REAGAN. I appeal to the House to al-
low me to present the conclusion of my statement.
Mr. NICHOLS. For myself, I prefer that the
gentleman should have leave to print the rest of
his argument, and then we will read it. I there-
fore interpose an objection to any gentleman con-
suming more than an hour; and I move that the
gentleman from Texas have leave to print the rest
of his remarks.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I do not pro-
pose, Mr. Speaker, to go at any length* into the
examination of this case. The facts in it have been
already presented to the House. Each branch of
the Judiciary Committee has made a report, with
such conclusions as seemed to them necessary to
follow from tfee special views entertained. As has
been pronounced by all, this is a caseof-great
moment so far as the party implicated is con-
cerned. It is alsoimportant to the countryinall
its bearings.
I purpose now, Mr. Speaker, without going into
any analysis of the testimony, to submit to the
House some conclusions to which I have arrived
after a full and candid examination of the testi-
mony and of the reports, and of all the arguments
and suggestions that have been made. Feeling
some interest m the case from its importance ana
character, but without knowing $ny of the par-
ties, I examined it duiing the recess; and I will
now proceed to present to the House the conclu-
sions that have occurred to me. I state, as a pre-
liminary question, that this is not only a vefy
serious matter in regard to its consequences to the
individual accused, but also in relation to the ac-
tion of this Government m reference to the States
and citizens thereof, and to the independence of
your Federal judiciary when involved, it may be,
by the conflicting views and prejudices of States
or individuals. 1 have made tins last remark with
no special allusion to the action of the Texas Le-
gislature in an}' stage of this case, but as a very
possible occurrence, m any quarter, in the prog-
ress of*events. i go, sir, for an impartial and
independent judiciary — State and national — in
its sphere. I am against clamor or prejudice
from any quarter. They would never control me.
I would undertake to decide a case of this kind
according to its merits. 1 must confess that from
the examination 1 have given to the testimony,
it does seem to me that a great many extraneous
considerations have been mixed up with it; and
as one may be influenced by suggestions of that
kind, he may form his opinion or his conclusions.
But it becomes us, acting in a judicial capacity,
in a proceeding of this character to form our judg-
ment without regard to clamor, prejudice, or any
outside considerations.
If the judge is guiity, he ought to be severely
punished; if not, he should be firmly sustained
against unfounded accusation.
Well, sir, I have some difficulty also as to the
powers of the Government in reference to a matter
of this kind. I am, myself, opposed the exten-
sion of the powers of the Federal Government,
whilst I am m favor of the General Government
exercising all the powers that are clearly dele-
gated to it, and all incidental means necessary to
effect the objects designed by the Constitution.
As a strict constructionist, I object to the exten-
sion of the authority of the Government by loose
implication.
Mr. Speaker, we know that in reference to this
