1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
That was an act driving out.a body of men who
had been American citizens, from that country.
It is admitted in tins message, and I believe ad-
mitted by everybody, that it would have been an
unconstitutional act if directed by the President,
and of course was wrong if done by an individual.
My object in miking this reference, is to say
that the only effort which has been made in that
country by the Executive, has been of a kind
to cast some doubt on my mind as to how this
power would be exerted. I say this much, be-
cause if we are to station troops there to protect
the transit routes, as we ought to do in my judg-
ment for our own interests, we shall necessarily
violate the obligations of a treaty by which we
have tied our hands and declared to Great Britain
that we will never colonize or occupy thatcoun
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the hoTiorable Senator
permit me to suggest to him that the more appro-
priate course would be to reserve the discussion
until we have the report of the committee ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about simply to ask
a question of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. SHIELDS. When the committee shall
have reported upon the message, will be the
proper time for discussion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, I will not take up
the time of the Senate. I was about to make one
or two suggestions in this connection; but the
probability is the Senate will not to-day, and in
this stage of the business, desire any discussion
on the subject. I only wished to call attention to
what I regard as a very important question. I
will, however, waive any discussion for the pres-
try. If you send a body of troops to pass through ji ent. But I was about to ask, and before I take
it, momentarily you occupy it. I think the only ii my seat I will ask, the Senator from Virginia,
means by wluch we can insure the safety of the i whether he does not believe such transactions, as
transit routes, is by having a body of troops sta- ;! I have referred to, are going on, which in effect
tioned there. That,however, we cannot do, under j! will produce a joint occupation of these two
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. What is the next 'i transit routes by the United States and Great Brit-
gtepj !i ain at least—I will not ask him about other na-
I feel some hesitation in referring to the mat- j: tions—I ask him if he has any doubt about this?
ters to which I mean now to allude; but the pa- || Mr. MASON. Mr. President -
pers everywhere are full of them. It seems that ii Mr. COLLAMEPv. I object to this.
there is an effort now going on—I speak not of n Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
anything within my own knowledge, but what I !! me to give the answer. It will be brief.
see in the papers—to have a joint occupation of \ Mr. COLLAMER. The propriety of the an-
these routes by the United States, Great Britain, j| swer will be discussed, and there will be no end
and France, and such other Powers as may;; to this.
choose to come in. The important question is h Mr. MASON. I would say, m answer to the
now presented, shall we protect these lines in J Senator from North Carolina, that I am utterly
our own right, as used to be asserted, as was as- . ignorant, from any sources, official or unofficial,
serted by the Democratic party at Cincinnati, and ; from newspapers or otherwise, of any engagement
as has been asserted by a large portion of the other i, by this Government, or any European Govern-
sider Shall we claim a paramount right to keep ment, either made or prospective, to occupy any
open the connection between California and Ore- j part of Central America for any purpose. Ii the
gon, on the Pacific, and the Atlantic States, or are : Senator means by occupation, the arrangements
we eoni"- into a loint occupation with Great Brit- ■ which it is said are proposed to enable the United
ain and=certain other European Powers? That . States, or any other Government, with the con-
ain and certain other European
presents a very important question. I think Sen-
ators will see that we must do one of two things:
we must either cut loose fiom the obligations of
the Claytpn-Bulwer treaty and acquire the right
to keep open the highway between the different
parts of our dominions, or we must enter into this
new relation of ajointoccupation wilh Great Brit-
ain and olher Powers, until we determine one of
these two things. I confess I do not see how we
can carry out the recommendation of the Presi- opinion as to terms, l
(jent_ ;! tioops whenever you plei
Mr. MASON. Allow me to ask the Senator j
where he ever got this idea of a joint occupation
between the United States and any other Power;
and where he ever got the idea of a separate oc-
cupation, by the United States, of any part of
Central America? I never heard it from any
quarter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer with very
great pleasure. I have seen published—that Sen-
ator knows as well as I know whether these are
sent of Nicaragua, to land a force for the purpose
of dliving off intruders and securing tranquillity,
and then'wifhdrawing the force, I will say , that
I have seen the projet of a treaty-published in the
newspapers—whether an actual treaty or not, I
do not know—which contemplated that. But oc-
cupation is one thing, and transient presence is
another.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is a mere difference of
The right to enter with
    j . t lease, whenever there is a
disturbance, is the only occupation that I allude
to. I do not think there is any difference of opin-
ion between the Senator and myself. When the
question takes a different shape, I may have some-
thing to say upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am wholly surprised at
this discussion in relation to our Central-Ameri-
can relations. 1 do not see that it is at all germane
to the message which is before us. In regard to
that message, I.desire to make a motion as &n
ator knows as well as 1 Know wneinei «■= 7=, ,? a , w ,u. Q„,,„tnr from Vir-
correct copies or not—there was published last, amendment to that made by the Senator hom Vn
the terms of which, it is provided that the United no advantage in that. I can imagine liothin to
we bind ourselves to use our influence with oiher ; tins subject before it a^t the last session. 1 ne n<m
•e the same rights, and I presume the Senator
it. Why, then, send it back to the commit-
tee? * - ' "• . i
I asked for the reading of the message with a
view to move, as I do now move, as an amend-
ment to the motion made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, to postpone the further con-
sideration of the Private Calendar, and take up
the bill reported by the Committee tin Foreign
Relations, Senate bill No. 500, " authorizing the
President of the United. States to use the pubjip
force of the United States in the cases therein
specified." I do so because I, for one, am unwill- •
ing that any responsibility shall rest upon mfi.ifj
during the recess of Congress, it shall turn out
that, notwithstanding these repeated calls of the
President, which seem to smuggest that lie has in-
formation that makes him fear an attack upon
the persons and property of American citizens
employed in the peaceful passage over the isthmus
transits—I say I am unwilling to share the re-
sponsibility that must rest upon Congress, if,
under this state of things, we shall decline to take
into consideration this recommendation, and re-
fuse to give the President power to protect our
people. I think the gentlemen who are unwilling
to take up this subject, or who shall refuse to
grant a power that the President demands so
urgently, and evidently upon private information
in his possession which he cannot communicate,
will have a responsibility resting upon them that
I am desirous to shake off my shoulders.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator permit the Chair to say a word ? The Chair
thinks this whole debate, perhaps, is out oforder.
The Chair announced a communication from the
President of the United States, and there was no
objection raised to receiving it, and it was read;
but the orders of the day have not been postponed.
The Chair thinks the message was simply taken
up by unanimous consent. The Senate has not
postponed the Private Calendar, and unless there
be a motion made to postpone it, this whole de-
bate is out of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order, and the question is upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President  ■
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator from New
York allow me to say one word in response to
the SenalMfcfrom Louisiana?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I wish merely to say in reply
to what fell from the Senator from Louisiana that
I will cheerfully vote for his proposition to post-
pone the present business for the purpose of
taking up that bill, and it was only because I
thought the better way to get the action of the
Senate upon it was to refer the message, that I
proposed the reference. I thought that if themes-
| sage was referred, and I should summon the Com-
j mittee on Foreign Relations at once to consider
! it, possibly if they recommended immediate ac-
[ tion, it would draw the attention of the Senate
more directly to it than the motion which has
1 been made by the Senator; but I concur with him,
and shall cheerfully vote for his motion.
Mr. SEWARD. Then, I understand the ques-
tion before the Senate is reduced to this: whether
the Senate will postpone the present order of busi-
ness, which is ihe Private Calendar, on this, the
last day on which the private bills can beconsia-
ered by the Senate, for the purpose of taking up
this subject. I am against that. I see no ground
for it. I was about to ask whether there were '
anydocuments sent in by the President accom-
panying this message? 1 suppose there are none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
con- 5 n°Mr. SEWARD. Then the
«iilprnrinn made a report upon it, and put a bill i. exactly,so far as iactsareconeei ed to d«.y, v
before us.' That bill has been examined by us all, ! j the annual message statedou the^firsi da^o^ 1
and I have offered a substitute for U, which has is pBvate in.
been pnnteQ. _ ^ _  ^ I formation the President cannot communi-
; and he asks us to assume the existence of
ish Minister, and of the President
are given. It is said in Mr. Ouseley 's speech that
Great Britain has a greater interest in it than any-
body else, and they propose to make just such a
treaty. The Senator may say that we have no
right to prevent Great Britain making a treaty
with Nicaragua. Perhaps we have not, but it is ,
a very different thing if we are to become a party
to it. We cannot prevent Great Britain making :>
a treaty' with Spain, by which Great Britain will —; ""J—n(1' , pi.op£u.ty of American citizens
bind herself to protect Cuba, but we very propel y of pe^ > I J fJ ower pl.otect them
declined to enter into the tripartite convention by , a.it inpe, ,1b B ^ lg beforc U£J_ l£
which we were to become a party and tie ou, ; m lhe.t, j A b the commiUee that
hands so that we should never take the island. ; h^s been s u05>e. „ Tho Pvp^.U-nt a<sk<? for 1    ~  
Now, I wish to put a question to the Senator j ha^,U^^ as^*etj before/ He merely || one State, but several States, ai^d practicahv
from Virginia. I ask him to say before the Sen- j( ^^ke'vip thirmeasure, and dispose of Ii against all the States on this continent, south of
ate-t 
most significant:" I warn Congress t
Now, within the last ten or twelve days of the j
session, the President tells ■«^ I; ^ ^ormat,0n, enjoyed by the Presi-
dent, and to assume that it is important, and
would have a bearing 011 this subject. I will weigh
1 the value of that suggestion in the scales with the
I proposition which is made by the President to m->
1 vest him with a power to make war against r,ot
