1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
the United States; and weighing it in that balance,
I am of opinion that if the President of the Uni-
ted States wants war to be made against even one
State, much more against all the States of this
continent, and wants that war to be made either
directly by himself, at his own discretion, or as
he suggests in his message, indirectly by Con-
gress, intrusting him with the exercise of that dis-
cretion, coming around to exactly the same prop-
osition, then 1 say the Congress of the United
States cannot wisely and constitutionally act upon
that subject without a full knowledge of all the
exigencies which require and demand the insti-
tution of war. It is a great 'subject. It is to
say that the Congress of the United States is not
competent to be trusted with the decision of such
a question and even with t^e facts which rendered
a resort to hostilities necessary.
Now, the information which the President has,
in addition to what he has already submitted to
Congress heretofore, is either important or un-
important. If it is unimportant, it is of no value.
If it is important, it can be submitted to Congress
in open session; and if it is necessarily private,
and the interests of the nation require that it
should be private, it can be submitted, as on all
previous occasions such facts have been submit-
ted to Congress, they sitting with closed doors,
for the purpose of receiving the intelligence.
But, sir, I cannot suffer this branch of the sub-
ject to pass without saying that i am utterly un-
able to conceive of important facts on this subject
within the knowledge of the President of the
United States, which ought to be regarded as pri-
vate and confidential. What are these States?
There is not one of them that is able to maintain
any resistance against the United States if it shall
put forth its war-making energies. They are all
feeble States; they are all distracted States, inca-
pable of making a resistance. The very propo-
sition itself implies that they are incapable of
making resistance, and that the Government of
the United States can, in regard to any one of
them, strike the blow, chastise the offenses, and
withdraw, even with impunity, after the assault.
There can be no reason for regarding the sup-
posed facts as private and confidential, improper
to bd communicated, except, indeed, on the
ground that the communication would involve
the country in danger; and, as I have already
shown, this country is if* no danger fi£m any one
or all of the States winch aie menaced by the
proclamation of the President.
Mr. CJLlNGrMAN. -1 should like to ask the.
Senator a question. When an attempt was made
to make a call on the President for information in
relation to this subject, did not he, with a major-
ity of the Senate, refuse to make this call for in-
formation bearing upon Central America,and the
condition of these lines particularly, at an early
day this *session ? if we did not ask for inform-
ation out of deference to the supposed will of the
President, I do not know that we have any right
to complain of his not informing us. It was inti-
mated by the distinguished Senator from Virginia
that it would be disrespectful or disagreeable to
the President; and I think the Senator from New
York, and others, refused even to entertain a
proposition to ask for information on this sub-
ject.
Mr. SEWARD. I will answer the honorable
Senator from North Carolina very- briefly. That
honorable Senator did submit a call upon the
President for information which I did not under-
stand to have any application to this subject, but
to be a call designed to bring out some facts m
regard to supposed negotiations in the form of a
treaty. I voted against it upon the general con-
sideration that the time was inconvenient; and
that the President, for anything I knew or sus-
pected, had submitted to Congress all the inform-
ation on that subject winch was in his posses-
sion, and that there was no reason to suppose he
would not submit to the Senate any information he
thought necessary without, a call, and not from
any opposition whatever to obtaining informa-
tion.
Mr. CLXNGMAN. The Senator misunder-
stands the resolution somewhat; it was of a broad-
er scope; but it was open to amendment,and might
have been enlarged or limited. There was an utter
refusal to consider it. My purpose was to get
at any facts which the Piesident might, think
proper to communicate, that would account for
the change of'position between the message of
December a year ago and last Decembpr. I thought
it was due to the country and to the President, as
there seemed to be a great change in the line of
policy of the Government, that we should have
an exposition of the reasons for the change, and
that would have embraced this very subject.
Mr. SEWARD. -I will close in a very few
words what I have to say on this subject now.
The President is unfortunate in suggesting that
the disturbance which occurred on the Panama
route, two or three years ago, in the Republic of
New Grranada, affords a suggestion of what may
be apprehended hereafter, because it, is known to
the world that at this time a treaty has been ne-
gotiated by the President of the United States with
the Republic of New Granada, for the adjustment
of that difficulty, and for the payment of all the
damages which were incurred in consequence of
it; a treaty which, although it is now before the
Senate under the seal of confidence, I may say is
satisfactory to the President of the United States,
because he himself has negotiated the treaty, and
he is committed to it.
I will say, also, that before I proceed further
in authorizing the President to make war against
more of the South American States, I have some
curiosity, and I think the public has some inter-
est, in knowing, whatis shortly to be ascertained,
the success of the President in the one war which
he is already authorized to make, and in which
he is engaged—I mean the expedition against
Paraguay. It is a sad thing to see in a message
of the President of the United States a comparison
drawn between this republican Government and
the monarchical Governments of the Old World,
in regard to the advantages of the powers reposed
in the Executives of these forms of government.
Those Governments being monarchical, and the
war-making power "being in the hands of the Ex-
ecutive, he is able to make war without appealing
to the conscience or to the wisdom of the nation.
It was thought, seventy years ago, that it was a
great improvement, conducive to peace, essential
to the permanent stability of republican institu-
tions, that the Executive should be destitute of
the power to make war,' and that this last final
remedy for national grievance should never be
resorted to m an v case without the deliberate con-
sent and determination of the nation itself. It
was thought that it was much better for the sta-
bility of republican institutions, and better for the
progress of civilization and for the advancement
of mankind, that the Executive of a republican
Government, or of any other Government, should
have power to deal with the controversies with
other nations only by diplomacy. The President
of the United States now regrets that those na-
tions living under arbitiary forms of government
are safer than we are who live under this, as we
thought, improved system.
#But, sir, I am unable to understand the logic
which brings the President of the United States
to the conclusion that this application to us will
not be a surrender of the war-making power.
He tells us that it would not be a surrender of the
war-making power; but that we should be making
war ourselves. Could anything be moie strange
and preposterous than the idea of the President
of the United States making hypothetical wars,
conditional wars, without any designation of the
nation against which war is to he declared; or the
time, or place, or manner, or circumstance of the
duration of it, the beginning or the end; and with-
out limiting the number of nations with which
war may be waged? No, sir. When we pass
this bill we do surrender the power of making
war or of preserving peace, in each of the States
named, into the hands of the Piesident of the
United States. The President tells us we can
annex conditions to the grant; but of what value
are conditions to a power to make war when hos-
tilities have once begun? Who can prescribe the
compliance with, and the execution of, those con-
ditions by the Executive power?
It is for these reasons that, while I agree that
there is no advantage to be gained by sending this
subject to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
they having already acted on it, I see no neces-
sity for laying aside the present business of the
day for this purpose.
Mr. FE83ENDEN. Mr. President, I think
we may as well look back a little, before we pro-
ceed further m this business, and give the Presi-
dent the power he a§k of us. It was only at the
last session that he desired Congress to pl&ce in
his hands the power to bring the great nation of
Paraguay to terms; and a very innocent-looking
resolution was brought into this body by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, authorizing the
President to use force for the purpose of settling
a little difficulty we were in with the Republic of
Paraguay, if it is a republic—I hardly know what
kind of Government it is.
Mr. MASON. It is a mixed Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a mixed Govern-
ment, the Senator says. Well, sir, that measure
was opposed by some gentlemen on this floor. It
was said at the time that it was giving the Pres-
ident power to make war. The answer which
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations made was, that it was only
giving the President power to commence hostil-
ities. Witiiout making any distinction between
commencing hostilities and making war, it was
said further that it really amounted to nothing;
that all the President desired was to send a single
vessel in that direction; and that probably there
would be no sort of occasion to send one vessel,
for as soon as we passed the resolution some bird
would carry the news to Mr. President Lopez,
and there would be an end to the difficulty; that
we should have no sort of occasion to go any
further in that business. A majority of the Senate
listened to that delusive idea, and were over-per-
suaded to pass that resolution; and it passed the
House of Representatives. What has been the
result? This, which was only a matter on paper,
only a mere formal affair that was to amount to
nothing, became at once the signal for a great ex-
pedition; and we know now the fact that, after
that power was granted, on the strength of these
declarations made by the chairman of the com-
mittee and others who advocated tbu movement,
an expedition has been sont out for the' purpose
of bringing Paraguay to terms, consisting of some
twenty vessels, 1 believe, from which we have
heard no account, and of which we really know
nothing as to what arc its ultimate intentions.
It has been suggested by my honorable friend
from New York that we may as well wait until
we hear something from it. We have heard
enough from it. We have seen the delusive char-
acter of the thing itself. We know upon what
pretenses it was requested of us, and upon what
pretenses it was gi anted ; and we see now the re-
sult. This nation is actually plunged into a state
of warfare with one of the Governments of South
America. Having succeeded in that, the Presi-
dent comes to Congress^ at the beginning of this
session, and requires of us to grant to him the
power to make war upon all of them, or to com-
mence hostilities against all—I will keep within
the argument that was adduced on the former oc-
casion. It has been on our table ever since the
first of the session. We have had a bill here, to
which there has been an amendment moved by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, who thinks
it is not quite strong enough, and it has been suf-
fered to rest there. Congress heard the sugges-
tion; they understood the object; they heard what
was said by the President; they chose to remain
quiet as they were, with the information they had
received. Now, how comes it that the President
is here again with his special message, which the
honorable Senator from Louisiana seems to have
known all about in the first place, for he makes
suggestions to us as to what is probable,and tells
us that the President has probably some inform-
ation in his possession which is very important,
and which calls for immediate action.
Sir, why has not the country heard something
of this ? Usually, when we are in a state of hostil-
ities with other people, it gets into the newspapers;
we know something about it. How happens it
that the country was so wonderfully quiet in re-
lation to all these matters, up to the beginning of
the session of Congress ? Theie was no difficulty,
unless the Senator or somebody else brought it
when we came here. The country was quiet: we
heard of none of these difficulties, except some
little troubles with some of our citizens m these
republics; and yet the President urges upon us—
what? Substantially to put into Ins hands the
power to &end another expedition, and yet an-
other and another, and some of a larger charac-
ter, to Cential and South America, in order to do
what he may see fit to direct to be done. What
