1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
branch of the Judiciary Committee, at the head of
which stands the distinguished gentiemaWrom
Tennessee, [Mr. Ready.] * w
Mr. CLARK,,of New York, took the floor.
Mr. BRYAN. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, no
living man can make a fair presentation of this
case to the ttouse in an hour. I cannot yield
unless my time is extended.
Mr. BRYAN. I have seen the remarks of my
colleague, [Mr. Reagan,] which he did not de-
liver, and it will be necpssary for me to reply to
them. I therefore ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary whether the debate is to
be continued longer than to-day?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I yield with
pleasure, if it is not to be taken out of my time.
Mr. BRYAN. I only wish to understand the
intention of the House on the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was my expectation, when
this discussion commenced, that it would term-
inate to-day, and that to-day we would have had
a vote upon it. I am now satisfied that that can-
not be done. I wish to consult the temper of the
House. It is an important question, involving
high considerations, national and individual;con-
siderations alike important to the Union and the
party accused. It will be my endeavor, of course,
to bring the matter to as early a decision as the
disposition of the House will allow. Gentlemen
about me say that we can get through with the
discussion to day.
Several Members. No.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not suppose that itcan
be terminated to-day; but I would like now, as
the question is up, that the House will indicate
some time for the close of the debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Say Mon-
day.
Mr. HOUSTON. At what hour?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At three
o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it suits the House, I am
willing to say Monday, at three o'clock. I am
willing to fix any time that the House may de-
sire.
Mr, CRAIGE, of North Carolina. There are
•* four members of the Committee on the Judiciary
who have not yet spoken. Some of them are not
prepared to go on with their remarks to-day. One
gentleman, the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Taylor,] hasjust arrived. He will wishtospeak,
in all probability. There are three otheis of the
committee who may wish to speak, besides others
of the House who may intend to engage in the
Jfr discussion. It is impossible, therefore, that the
debate can terminate on Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say this to my col-
league on the committee, that I will not press the
House to avote on these resolutions until such be
indicated as the disposition of the House.
Mr. NICHOLS. I suggest that this debate
close on Tuesday, at three o'clock. Monday is
reserved for special business, and, as a matter of
course, will be occupied by it altogether.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Can this ques-
tion be overridden on Monday by motions for the
suspension of the rules ? If so, then this debate
can only continue for three hours on Tuesday.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is time enough.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide ques-
tions as they arise.
Mr. CLA RK,of New York. Have I the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
am one of the number of the Committee on the
.1 udioiary who determined that the ends of public
justice did not require the impeachment of Judge
'VVatrous; and I may fuithursay, in my own be-
half at least, that I have come to the conclusion,
not without doubt and not without anxiety, but
nevertheless with the greatest degree of deliber-
ation of which I am capable, that the interests of
the country require that such impeachment should
not be had. The single hour permitted by the
rules of the House, is a period, 111 my judgment,
srreatly insufficientto enable any man to present to
the House even a meager analysis of the vast
rwfiss of testimony which has been adduced be-
fore the committee. Nor, Mr. Speaker, is the op-
portunity afforded for the discussion, with that
elaborateness of which the subject is worthy, of
39
the general principles of public law which it has
seemed to me may be in danger of being over-
looked in this case, and which are applicable to
every case of impeachment arising under the Con-
stitution of the United States. All that I shall at-
tempt to do—for that is all I have the time to do—
is'to bring before the House as briefly and as
clearly as I can, the prominent facts*which have
been established before the committee, and to
state the results to which, from those facts, my
reflection has led me.
The Committee on the Judiciary, of whom I
will say that they gave to the examination this
case an attention most profound and 4 labor most
unwearied, adopted a rule for their guidance which
commends itself to my judgment, and which, in
some degree, now comes before this House for
review. Sir, I am apprehensive in this case that
gentlemen upon this floor may vote wrong, under
the idea that no great harm can be done; that it
is safe enough to vote an impeachment, and send
the case to the Senate, wherejustice will be done.
In my judgment, that idea involves a surrender of
the prerogatives of the House. Itinvolves a sur-
render of the power of the people. It involves
danger to the integrity and independence of the
Federal judiciary. The committee determined that
it was their province, in the discharge of the duties
imposed upon them by the House, to look into the
facts of the case beyond the point necessary to as-
certain whether there did or did notcxistthat tech-
nical probable cause which, un*ler the well-settled
principles of the common law, justifies a magis-
trate in holding a person for trial, or may perhaps
justify a grand jury in finding a bill of indictment.
They determined that their sphere was larger,
and their jurisdiction more ample; that it was
their business, as I assert now that it is the busi-
ness and duty of every man upon this floor, to
investigate for himself and ascertain the truth,
, and the whole truth, of the transactions in ques-
tion. The committee applied, in its broadest
; sense, that generous maxim, audi alteiam partem.
They determined that while they weie to listen to
1 the relation of the facts and circumstances which,
| upon the first impression, involved Judge Wat-
i rous in suspicion, that they were also to listen
with equal patience and with equal care to the cir-
! cumstances and facts by means of which those
. suspicions were removed. They determined to
break down all the barriers which, it is admitted
by professional men, the rigid rules of the com-
mon law sometimes throw in the^way of the search
after truth, and to come into this House and ad-
! vise the House whether, upon the great facts of
! the case, in view of all the circumstances, under
! the light shed from every quarter, such a case ex-
! isted as would justify the House of Representa-
I tives in calling upon the Senate to transform itself
j into a court for the trial of an impeachment of a
i member of the Federal judiciary.
Mr. Speaker, my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chapman] has raised the point
and has argued in the course of the able icmaiks
that he made, that this was without precedent.
: He seemed to be inclined to draw an analogy be-
tween the House of Representatives of the United
States sitting in a case like this, and a grand jury
sitting under the common law, holding its dark
and inquisitorial examination over the case of a |
citizen who is charged with crime. Sir, the com- 1
mittee determined that that analogy did not exist, j
and in that determination I fully accord, i will j
say that I am not an admirer of that grand-jury j
system that has descended to us from our ances- i
tors. It has been said, and justly said, of the j
common law, that it embodies maxims which pro- 1
vide 111 some degree for their own improvement, 1
and give assurance that its leading principles shall 1
at no time fall far behind the spirit of the age. ;
But, sir, in resppct of that particular system of j
grand juries which the common law lias handed ,
down—a system which in many of the States of j
the American Union remains to this day una- ■
dapted and unremedied—it is far otherwise. Sir, j
1 by no moans sure that the system of grand [
juries has not already outlived the purposes of its j
creation. It was intended as the shield of the j
citizen against the oppression of the sovereign, j
It was designed as the protection of innocence
against the encroachments of imperial power; but j
m its every-day application we'find that it often 1
leaves the'citizen, by the npplication of its cold i
! and rigid iuIcs, in the same condition in which f
their application to this case may perhaps now
leave JudgeWatrous—condemned withouta hear-
ing, and forced to have his name recorded on the
roll of judicial impeachments, a record which I
will not pronounce to be one of infamy, but a re-
cord not of honor, whether acquittal or conviction
follow; while, as I think is demonstrable in this
case, the application of more benign and equally-
familiar principles will leave the name and fame
of Judge Watrous unharmed to his family and to
his country.
_Mr. Speaker, the point in this case to which I
wish to call the attention of the House—because
it arises and must be determined—is, shall the
independence of the Federal judiciary be main-
tained against, and in spite of, the prejudices of
the people of a State? That is the question. I
regret that I have not time to show, by refer-
ence to the rccord, how clearly and distinctly that
question arises. But I must occupy my brief
hour in the presentation of the facts; for I know
men in this House who design to vote on this
question under the impression that no harm can
be done, because, if peradventure we do Judge
Watrous wrong, the Senate can right the wrong
we do. Apply that rule to every-day life. Take
the case of any man charged with crime, You
may accuse him; you may drag him from his
home in chains; you may incarcerate him; you
may put him into.the felon's dock; but no harm is
done; for, by-and-by, he can read the clear record
of his acquittal, and hear the law pronounce, " No
harm has been done you, for you are innocent."
Sir,that isan unsafe vote4.ogive. Especially un-
safe is it when it comes to be applied to the case of
a Federal judge. It suggests a principle to which I
shall never give my sanction. I am one of those
men who regard the preservation of the independ-
ence, as well as of the integi ity of the Federal judi-
ciary, as essential to the preservation of the civil
liberties of our people; and I will not give my
assent to a policy which deprives this House of
the power of intervening for their protection when
unjustly assailed.
Mr. Speaker, we heard the case against Judge
Watrous, and we heard counsel against him, and
we heard Judge Watrous and his counsel m de-
fense. On that case those of the committee with
whom I concurred adjudged that the suspicious
circumstances—which I will not deny presented
themselves upon the first impression—were ex-
plained; and it is upon that case, on which \tfe
passed, that I wish the House to pass. There-
fore, 1 shall address myself directly to the facts
alleged against him as the ground-work &f this
impeachment.
Mr. Speaker, we excluded evidence of Judge
Watrous's general character. We examined
the merits of the.particular transactions alleged
against him. Now, I admit that Judge Watrous
may be unpopular in Texas. He may, for aught
I know, have rendered unpopular judgments. Ho
may, for aught I know, be an unpopular man.
But I like an unpopular judge, provided he keeps
his ermine pure and clear. I like the judge who
scatters his judgments here and there among his
fellow-men, indifferent, as the lightning, where
and whom they strike; and, for one, 1 am by no
means sure that Judge Watrous is not such a
judge. He is a stranger to me. I have met him
only when he was in attendance upon our com-
mittee, and I know not his standing as a man in
the community in which he lives. l>ut your com-
mittee having unanimously excluded the proof
of his general character; having refused to listen
to the suggestions of the Legislature of Texas,
or to the clamorof herpeople; having heard noth-
ing against him and nothing for him in respect of
general character—I do not ask too much when I
insist that this House shall, with the same impar-
tiality, examine the particular facts alleged, and
on them, and them alone, determine whether
there is presented a case which will justify this
assertion of the power of the people against a
Fedeial jud^c.
Mr. Speaker, there were two cases brought bo-
fore this committee, and which became the subject
of their action. Other eases were mentioned, but
only two were committed to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and on these two they have reported. The
one is the case of Mussina, and the other the case
of Spencer. Now, it took me somewhat by sur-
prise that my honorable friend fiom Pennsylvania
should havu omitted in his oral argument, to have
