THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. MI
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. '
Thirty-Fifth Covgre&s, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1859.
New 8p.eiesi.-..No. 71-
is the argument? The argument is that we are |
all wrong; that the cquntry is wrong; that the i
Constitution is wrong; that we are going on in |
an improper manner; that other nations have the j
power to make war at once; -that that power is j
lodged in the hands of the Executive; that it is j
not so with us, and we are experiencing difficul- '
ties. Why not at once proceed to take initiatory :
steps to have changed the Constitution of the j
United States? This provision means something j
or nothing. It means that the Executive shall i
not have this power, or it means that he shall. It 1
says distinctly that the power shall be lodged in
Congress—that Congress alone shall have the
power to make war. What is this demand?
That we shall divest ourselves of this power and
put it in the hands of the President, with regard
to half a dozen different Powers of the earth, if
you choose to call them Powers. What is the |
answer? That they are only small Powers. Sup-
pose they are; does that make any difference in I
the principle ? Is it not precisely as much of a |
surrender of our power as it would be if we were j
to say the President shall be invested with power
to commence hostilities against all the-world?;
Whether the Powers arc large or small, weak or j
strong, there is no difference in the principle.
Now, sir, I do not choose, for one, to wrest j
this power from Congress, where the Constitu-
lion has placed it, and give it to the President of!
the United States. To speak plainly, I have not j
. that confidence in the present President of the j
United States which would induce me to do so, ]
except under the most urgent necessity, where j
no other course would answer. But we are re- [
quired not only to do this, but to do it blindly, j
What facts have we? What facts did he com- ]
municate when he sent his annual message? Any?
Not at all. He told us we had unsettled difficul- j
ties. Everybody knew that before; bat they
were of a slight character. He comes now, with
this message, and presents himself before Con-
gress again, for 110 reason that I can understand,
urging the same thing upon us for the second
time, and going further; taking a new step—ad-
vising Congress to take up a bill on its table,
and pass it before the adjournment, because it is
necessary that he should have this power. Are
we a parcel of children ? Have we no judgments
to be convinced—no minds to be informed.' Is
that the mode of discharging the duties which the
Constitution imposes upon us, invests in us, to
take the President's word when he asks us to in-
vest him with a power like this? Where are his
facts? We have none. Where were the facts at
the beginning of the session? We had none.
Where are the additional facts now? None are
presented.
But the Senator from Louisiana intimates that
there is probably some information which the
, President has that is important, upon which he
requires us to act. The answer is conclusive;
why not communicate it? It is not necessary that
we should have it publicly. Wo may have it in
executive session.
I hope the time never will come when we shall
have a man at the head of this Republic who has
so much the confidence of the people that we
shall be willing to invest in him powers, and trust
them to his discretion, which the Constitution
has vested in us. It was for wise purposes that
our wise ancestors said the people should judge
of the propriety of making a war against another
people. As I said before, I hope the time will
never come when we shall have a President in
whose hands we shall be ready to trust so much
power, because it would be a bad precedent.
Much less am I willing to trust it to one who, m
the exercise of the power that he has already pos-
sessed, has shown that he was so little fitted to
wield it as the present President of the United
States has, in my judgment. I should not say
this without reason. 1 say it simply because ho
asks of us that which no man ought to ask ex-
cept under special circumstances which do not
exist—which at any rate have not been commu-
nicated to Congress.
71
It is not easy to pass this off as a trifle-. I do
not know what the object is, but I am free to say
that I view the whole course of proceeding of this
Administration and of the last, of our Government
of late days—how far back itgoes I do not know—
] as of the most unwise character with regard to the
j South American and Central American Govern-
ments. We might have had peace with them if
we had chosen; we might have had our interests
protected if we had chosen to have those interests
protected, in my judgment; or if we had not ulte-
rior objects which we have no right at all to
enforce; and I am therefore averse for a single
instant to placing any power which we have over
these countries out of our hands, and especially
to placing it in the hands which seek to grasp it.
We should not only be unwise, but we should be
entirely false to our duty.
It has been suggested that we should send
troops to take possession of and guard the transit
routes. What right have we to do it?. We can
only do so by treaty. Where are your treaties
authorizing it? Are there any? Nobody pre-
tends that there are.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator will allow me
to say there is a treaty in reference to the Panama
route.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, so far as the Pa-
nama route is concerned, we may exercise it, but
the President has no such power, and I will not
vest him with it, because there is no pressing ne-
cessity for it. Do gentlemen contend that we are
m any danger ? Where is the proof? Why was
it not laid before Congress ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said that we should ne-
cessarily be willfully blind not to suppose that
there must be a necessity, under such circum-
stances as these: that at the beginning of the
short session the President of the United States
called upon us to give him power to protect these
transits, suggesting the necessity of such a power
that he feared he would be called upon to exer-
cise; that the committee of the Senate had reported
a bill to that effect, and that it was a very extraor-
dinary circumstance, and indicative of a knowl-
edge of facts making that power necessary, that
the Executive should send in a special message
within a few days of the end of the session, telling
us again that the lives and property of American
citizens would be in danger, and that he had no
means to protect them unless we gave him this
power; and the power asked for is not a declara-
tion of war, nothing of what the Senator say s,
but a right, in case of an attack on American cit-
izens, their persons, or their property, to protect
them, and immediately withdraw the force.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say, or intimate,
and I trust I am not so weak or so ignorant as to
say or intimate, that passing this bill is a declara-
tion of war. I said pass it, and you put it in the
President's power to involve us in war.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How?
Mr. FESSENDEN. How? Because we leave
it to his discretion what to do with the Army and
Navy in reference to foreign countries. That is
how. , .
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator, I think, mis-
takes the bill. The proposition is not that the
President shall do as he pleases with the Army
j and Navy, but that he shall use them to repel an
! attack, if an attack is made on us.
1 Mr. FESSENDEN. But who is to judge of
j the attack? The President, of course. Then is it
; not in his power? That is the very thing. The
j Senator talks about our being willfully blind, if we
! do not suppose so and so. 1 do not proceed upon
• supposition. Is a question of this importance to
j be settled by our own supposition, or the Presi-
! dent's supposition? I am not so blind but what I
1 see that the President wants the power; I am not
! so blind but what I see that he is urgent to get it;
but 1 am so blind that I cannot see what has not
j been shown,and that is the necessity for it. Show
' me the necessity, and then I will act. The sen-
ator argues that because the President urged it.
once and because the President urged it twice, and .
urged it in strong terms, therefore we .are to Sup-
pose that a necessity exists to grant the power.
That is precisely what I am contending; agaipst.
I do not choose to proceed upon supposition
matter of this kind. I do not choose to .place, the
power of Congress in the hands of the President
of the United States to be exercised at his dis-
cretion, simply because, as the Senator contends,
I must suppose he thinks so. May he not be
mistaken? Is he infallible? Is his moral sense
so high and his intellect so keen that he cannot
mistake and cannot err? Let anybody believe
that who pleases; we have had no evidence of
either.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will put a question to him. Is not the Pres-
ident now invested with the power to repel, by
force, any attack upon citizens of the United
States within our own territory?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, grant it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Who judges of the fact
whether there has been an attack, Congress, or
the President, in its recess ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The President.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, the President says
that on these transits there is datiger of an attack
on our citizens, in countries where thegg is no
power to protect them, and he says: " Ir there is
such an attack there, I desire the same power to
protect our citizens that I have on our own terri-
tory; and I ask for it there, because there are no
organized Governments there." ^ -
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are these transits within
our territory ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they do not come
within the provision of the Constitution, do they ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator argues that*
because the necessities of the case require instant
action at home, and, therefore, the Constitution
grants tl^power there, hence we are to give the
same power abroad. It is a non sequitur. The
Constitution does not provide for that. The peo-
ple who made the Constitution were too careful
to do it. They were aware, as they must be, that
it might be possible that an attack would be made
on us here at home which required instant oppo-
sition, and in such a case that it must be neces-,
sary to protect our people. You cannot wait for
the slow action of Congress ill such a case. But
if our people choose to go abroad—if they choose
, to put themselves within the jurisdiction of other
j Governments, must we extend that power which
was granted simply for our protection at home,
! to any undertaking that our people may engage
I themselves m abroad?
The Senator cannot argue properly from the
one case to the other. He admits thai he desires
that the President should have the powerabroad,
on foreign territory, with regard to the use of the
Army and Navy, that he has at home, in case®
where it is necessary to repel an attack. T.he
two cases are entirely different. Thatis a power
which our ancestors, those Who made the Consti-
tution, did not intend to vest the President of the
United States with, nor do I, so far as my vote is
concerned.
But let us get back. I was asking the Senator
where in the world was the proof that this power
was needed ? What evidence have we of the ne-
cessity ? What has been brought to us to show-
that we ought to divest ourselves of the power
which the Constitution vests in us, and put it in
the hands of the President—the power to involve
this nation in foreign wars innumerable. Where
is it ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to ask the
Senator one or two questions ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. As many as the Senator
Mr. BENJAMIN. Suppose he knew now that
there was danger; that our citizens in transit from
the Atlantic to the Pacific States would be at-
tacked; that there was imminent danger: would
