1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
he be willing then to give the President power to \
use our forces to repel an attack in case of an at- ]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not if we were in ses- |
sion. i
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is all I want to know.
Mr. FESSENDEN-. Jf I knew, I say I would
not now. Why? Because Congress is in session,
ttfld Congress is to judge. \
Mr. BENJAMIN. I put this question to the i
Senator, and I desire an answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I will answer categori-
cally. Put it, and I will give an explanation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator believed now
that there was imminent danger that during the
recess of Congress our citizens, m peaceful transit
from the Atlantic to the Pacific shores, would be
attacked, would he give the President power to
use the force of the nation to repel it ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I was satisfied of the
fact, I might do it; but that is not the question
presented.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am speaking of the fu-
ture, not of the past. If he was satisfied there
•was danger such a tiling would occur, would he
give the power?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I was satisfied of the
fact that such danger existed, I might do so; but
that is not the question submitted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As the Senator has said
that, if he yields that point, I wish to suggest
one further question, and that is this: as 11 is
the special duty of the President of the United
States to give information to Congress of the con-
dition of our foreign relations, and as the Pres-
ident has communicated to us that very informa-
tion, arid as he apprehends that danger, where is
the difference in the two propositions as to the
power to be given ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain it. It is
very astonishing the Senator cannot see it him-
self. The difference is this: in the one case, I
acton my own judgment; in the other, I urn called
upon to act on the judgment of the President,
without knowing what the facts arc. There is
the difference.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the Senator see
that in either case he would have to rely upon the
President's judgment for the future, whether or
not there had been an attack ? If he thought there
would be an attack, he would give the^ower. If
the President thinks there will be an attack and
he does not, he will not give the power. But
if the case existed which I first put to him, he
would have to rely on the Piesident's determina-
tion whether or not the facts had occurred of the ,
attack that he apprehended; and after all he |
comes back to the presidential discretion. !
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator marvels that I do not see. I think a little of
that blindness which he imagines is over the eyes
of others, has approached his own, keen as they
are, that he cannot sec the distinction. It is ob-
vious. I am not contending that in no case would
I give the President the power. That is not my
ground. 1 am con tending against this proposition
as it is made to us; on the ground on which it is
based. I say, and say frankly, there might be a
case in which I would invest the President with
the power, in anticipation of a difficulty with a
foreign Government.
When I had got to that point where I would
declare war, if 1 should propose to delegate that
power I should be a derelict Senator. I might
vest the power, to a certain extent, m the hands
of the Executive foi certain things. Does it follow
from that, because, under a state of facts which I
knew, I might give the powei, that theiefore,
under a state of facts of which I know nothing, I
am to take the Pi esident's word and give him the
power, not only for one Government, but for half
a dozen? It is precisely what I am contending
against. I say this power belongs to us. We
are the power to judge when the contingency
arises, and whether there shall be war or not. I
would give that power to no President—none that
has ever stood upon thisfootstool. To none that
ever God's sun shone upon would I give the power
to involve us in foreign wars without acquainting
nie with the facts upon which he was to act, if I
was one of his constitutional advisers, with ref-
erence to that matter. *L should be derelict to my
duty if I did any such thing.
Sir, I consider this proposition, as it stands be-
fore the Senate, a monstrous proposition. The
President gives us no information; he communi-
cates nothing to us; but he comes before us sim-
ply with the request to place all power in his
hands, with regard to some of our sister repub-
lics, to involve us in war; not asking us to declare
it, but to put it in his power to do so. I say again,
under the exhibition we have had of what his
wisdom is, and the little reliance to be placed upon
his declarations in the case of Paraguay—for I
take what was said by the chairman of the Com-
mitttee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Mason] to
have been said for him and from him—after that
experierce certainly we ought to be wise enough
to hesitatate long before we follow up that idea,
and place a power so enormous, and which may
be attended with such disastrous consequences to
this country, m his hands. Sir, let us know some-
thing about these difficulties and these troubles.
It is not sufficient that they rest in the bosom of
my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and
in the knowledge of the President himself. We
are coeqnals here. We can act upon nobody's
information where it is necessary that we shall
act upon our own icsponsibilitios. We must
know ourselves before we proceed thus far. For
myself, whatever may be the arguments, unless
they are founded upon some facts, this proposi-
tion in any shape, whether it is taken up now, or
come from the Committee on Foreign Relations
with its recommendation, will never meet my
support. I want to know something more about it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say a woid or
two on this question. I am rejoiced that the Pres-
ident, in this special message, has called our at-
tention directly to the question involved in the
relations we bear to Mexico, Central America, the
transit routes, and those southern republics. I
think the President ought to have the power that
he asks. I think that we have such interests
connected with the Pacific, that we ought to have,
and must have, the highway leading to our Pa-
cific possessions kept constantly open. In or-
der to accomplish that, we must necessarily repose
confidence m the Executive. No matter who the
President may be, when he achieves that high
office he must be intrusted with those powers
which the Constitution contemplated he should
exercise for the good of the country; and unless
we can trust the Executive whom the people have
selected, we fail to accomplish those objects for
which the Government was established. I would
confer upon the pi esent Executive just such pow-
ers as I am willing to give in advance to all his
successor, no matter who they may be, or what
their politics may be. 1 am not going to give a
vote of special confidence to the present Execu-
tive, or to any other individual; but I am willing
now to confer by law those rights and duties upon
the President which I think the Chief Magistrate
of the nation should always possess. I think,
sir, that the President of the United States ought
to have the power to redress sudden injuries upon
our citizens, or outrages upon our flag, without
waiting for the action of Congress. The Executive
of every other nation on earth has that authority
under their respective forms of government. If
there is an outrage perpetrated at Tampico, or at
any other point, upon the rights of their citizens,
or upon their flag, they can demand instint re-
dress, and enforce the demand if it, be refused.
We are now being driven out of the trade in the
Mexican and South American ports, and many
other ports of the world, for the want of the au-
thority in the Executive to demand and enforce
instant redress the moment the outrage is perpe-
trated.
The objection is, thatunderourform of Govern-
ment this power cannot safely be granted to the
Executive; that our ancestors were jealous of Ex-
ecutive authority; and that we must not give him
that power which necessarily involves the power
to make war,if he shall exercise itin thatdirection.
Sir, your Executive can make war at any time,
with any nation, under the powers that are con-
ferred by the Constitution, if he is disposed to seek
the quarrel. He-may return such an answer to
France, or to England, or to any other Power, as
would force two nations into collision. But we are
bound to believe that the Executive of the United
States is not going wantonly to seek a quarrel
with a foreign Power. We must have a degree
of confidence that the foreign relations are to be
wisely and discreetly managed. We must repose
that much in his discretion. But, sir, I have very
different views in regard to the amount of power
that should be conferred upon the Executive out-
side of the United States from the amount that
should be conferred inside. All Executive power
inside of the United States is in derogation of the
rights of the citizen. The Executive power ex-
ercised outside of the United States is yielded in
support and defense of the rights and interests
and privileges of the American citizen. Hence,
I would give a liberal rule of construction where
it is to be exercised'outside of the limits of the
United States, in behalf of the citizen, while I
would insist upon a rigid and strict rule inside of
our limits, where it is in derogation of the rights
and liberties of the citizen. I think, sir, that you
may confer upon the Executive the right and the
duty of keeping open these transits across the
continent, not only at Tehuantepec, but at Nica-
ragua and at Panama, so that we may have all
the highways constantly open.
I go farther, sir; I would intrust the Executive
with the authority, when an outrage is perpe-
prated upon our ships or commerce, to punish it
instantly where he thinks the interests and honor
of the nation require prompt action. I would
confer authority upon the President, in the case
of another Black Warrior affair occurring as it did
a few years ago, to redress the wrong promptly,
without going to Madrid, and from Madrid to-
Havana, and from Havana back to Washington,
and exhausting years in fruitless negotiation.
I am glad that our attention is brought directly
to this point. The Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions have reported a bill to confer this power on
the President in certain eases in Mexico, Central
America, and some of the South American States.
I do not think that bill goes far enough. If tho
principle be right, if it is safe to trust that power
to the President with regard to Mexico and some
of those other States, I would make the principle
general in its application. I am not willing to
say that we will confer this authority upon the
President in regard to the weak and feeble Poweis
that have not the means and capacity of resist-
ance, but that we will not allow him to exercise
it as to the other Powers. I would not limit the
power to Mexico or to any other nation by name.
I would say that m all cases where there are out-
rages upon our flag and citizens and property,
demanding instant redress, not admitting of de-
lay, the Piesident may use the Array and Navy
to enforce such redress, and then report the facts
to Congress. I intioduced a bill of that kind last
year, during the last session of Congress, in order
to confer this authority upon the President, not
with reference to any case then pending, but as a
general rule. I desire the President of the Uni-
ted States to have as much authority to protect
American citizens, American property, and the
American flag abioad, as the Executive of every
other civilized nation on earth possesses. Tho
American name will never be respected abroad
until you intrust that power with the Executive.
American citizenship will not be a passport to re-
spectability and to protection until the Executive
shall have that power. 1 therefore would confer,
by a geneial law, the authority on the President
in cases of sudden and gross outrages upon our
flag, or citizens, or their property, which did not
admit of delay, to demand arid enforce instant re-
dress.
We must do it as to Mexico; we must do it as
to Central America; we must do it as to many of
the South American States, and, perhaps, to some
feeble nations m the East Indies; and we must do
it as to Cuba, too. We have been m constant
quarrel with regard to the Island of Cuba. Our
commerce has been constantly interrupted; our
flag has been outraged. We have at all times un-
settled quarrels wnh Spain, growing out of our
connection with Cuba. The Captain General and
the officials in Cuba have ample authority for an-
noyance to American citizens and to American
interests, but they have none to grant redress.
When they seize a ship and tie it up m the har-
bor of Havana, we must not complain to the Cap-
tain General in Cuba, but to Madrid; then they
send it to Havana; from Havana it is sent back
to Madrid, and then to Washington; years elapse,
and, in the mean time, our commerce is interrupted.
We mu^t have authority to enforce the release of
a ship instantly, when it is seized m Havana, in -
stead of going round in that system of circumlo-
