1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1428
cution. I, therefore, desire this authority to ap-1
ply to Cuba especially, as well as to the transit j
routes, to Mexico, and to the Central and South I
American States. I
There is a principle involved in it. Theprmci- I
pie is, whether we are willing to trust the Exeeu- '
tive outside of the United States with the dis- ;
cretionary authoiity to redress outrages upon j
American citizens and American rights, under j
cireumstanccs that do not admit of delay. We !
must either do that, or we must allow ourselves 1
to be driven out of the maikets and the ports of :
all those countries. Now, when arevolution arises j
in one of those Spanish-American Republics, the j
revolutionists know that if they disturb an Eng- I
lish merchant, or roban English banker, there will >
be an English man-of-war in the port instantly i
demanding redress, and battering down the walls i
of the city if redress is notgranted. They know, (
if they rob an American banker, or an American j
merchant, or exact forced loans upon them, we |
have no power to demand redress and enforce it; ]
that it only results in negotiation; the negotiation '
will be protracted for yeais, and will never come
to a termination until that revolution is over and
the successful party again turned out, and it :
comes upon their successor to foot the bills, and :
not the Government or party that perpetrated the '
outrage.
Mr. PUGH. The bill is not footed half the
time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And as my friend from Ohio
says, half the time the bill is not footed. We can
see that British consuls and British agents inter-
meddle, and inform the revolutionary chiefs m I
Mexico and those countiies that they had better
make their seizures on American pioperty, where .
they can do it with impunity. The British are '
rather desirous that American merchants and
American bankers should be driven put, in order
that they may have the monopoly of the trade, !
and our system of intercourse with those coun- 1
tries encourages this result. We haveeithergot
to assert the principle that American citizens shall j
be protected all over the world with the same j
vigor as British subjects or the subjects of any j
other country are, or we cannot maintain an equai
lespectability in foreign countries. You cannot
maintain that principle, unless you confer this
authority upon the Chief Magistrate of the Uni-
ted States. I will confer upon the present Exec-
utive no authority that I am not willing to con-
tinue to his successor and his successors in all
time to come. I am willing to adopt the principle
that this authority shall be vested in the Execu-
tive of the United States as a rightful authority
and a permanent rule of action, applicable all over
the world, wherever he thinks American interests
and American honor requne it to be exeited.
I repeat, sir,l am glad that this question has
come up. I hope it will lead to definite action
upon the subject. I hope it will originate a more
vigorous and efficientforeign policy—a policy that j
will be felt throughout the world, and be not 'j
merely one in name; that we may act whenever
an outrage is perpetrated upon ournghts,or upon
our citizens, instead of sending special messages
to Congress and diplomatic notes to our repre-
sentatives in those countries. The vesting of this i
authority in the President will do more to protect
American citizensand American property abroad, :
than all the battles we may fight in the wars that |
may giow out of these specified eases. When it
is known that the Executive has the same author- :
ity outside of the United States to redress these !
outrages, that the British Premier, or the French I
Emperor, or the head of any other nation, pos-
seses,and that the American people are determined
to maintain their equality among the nations of the i
earth, not only at home, but in the protection of ;
their citizens abroad, you will find there will be
a much less number of outrages perpetrated upon ;
our citizens and our flag, than are now com- ,
mittted. !
In my opinion, this power must be conferred. !
1 know that there are those who have fears of its j
abuse. Why, sir, those intrusted with authority ,
have now the power to abuse it if they are so dis-.
posed; but still, when we elect a Chief Magis- j
trate, we must vest him with-a certain degree of \
discretion. He is entitled by virtue of his election i
to a certain amount of our confidence; and I am i
prepared now, to adopt a rule that 1 am willing ]
to abide by under all Administrations, and not in I
a special case applicable to the one under consid-
eration.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. MASON. I hops the Senator will allow
me to submit a motion, to print ;the message;
otherwise it may no,t be done?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. .
Mr. MASON. I move that the message of
the President be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot concur, Mr. President,
in the doctrine which has been so forcibly pre-
sented to the Senate by the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. BELL. I hope not.
Mr. DAVIS. Though it may be very desira-
ble to protect those American citizens who go
abroad and engage in commerce, ^here is a higher
and holier duty still—to preserve our Govern-
ment at home. I cannot see to what limit we
should not run if the Executive is to be invested
with the power to send the land and naval forces
to redress such wrongs as he may consider to
have been perpetrated; to land troops wherever
he may please, according to the lofty sentiment
of the Senator from Illinois; not restiicting him-
self to weak Powers, but extending also to the
strong. Whenever ambition, or any other mo-
tive, should induce the President to have a war
with England or France, he has nothing to do
but to land a handful of men, who would cer-
tainly be whipped off the coast, and involve this
country in a war; or else there would be presented
the humiliating spectacle of the flag of the United
States trodden under foot by a powerful nation,
and the American Congiess shrinking from its
defense by voting censuie on their Chief Execu-
tive.
Such alternatives as these do not commend the
proposition to my consideration. If it has come
to pass that it is needful now to go further than
our fathers went in investing the Executive with
power promptly to act abroad, it is only to be re-
garded as the decadence of the people of the United
States. When we shall so far have lost political
virtue that the question cannot be decided with
that promptitude which belongs to a body of pa-
triots, when a wrong inflicted upon an American
citizen is to be canvassed in the two Houses of
Congress upon party and sectional bases, then we
shall have so far lost our right to be free, we
shall have so far sunk from the virtue which ex-
isted in our fathers, when they formed this Gov-
ernment, that it may be necessary to stride fur-
ther on the road to absolutism. Every step the
Congress takes in renunciation of the power vested
in them by the Constitution, and lodging it in the
hands, and subject to the discretion of any man,
is a step taken in the road to despotism. The ne-
cessity must be dire, must be visible, which in-
duces me to take even one of those steps.
But I do not understand the message of the
President as asking all this of Congress. I un-
derstand him very carefully to guard the transfer
of the war-making power by such restrictions as
the wisdom of Congress shall decree; and, for one,
I shall restrict it to the special cases which are
known to exist, and to the time within which it
may be necessary to use it. I concede to the Sena-
tor all the foice of his argument, that our Govern-
ment is weak in its foreign relations; that tney
are slow; that we want the unity and prompt-
itude which belongs to other Governments. Our
people are not protected abroad with the same
promptitude that belongs to the Governments of
Great Britain and France. These are evils. I
think it may be stated that our Government is
too weak abroad and too strong at home. I have
no wish in escaping from one evil to magnify the
other. I prefer to bear such ills as belong to the
improper treatment of our citizens abroad, and
the delay consequentupon the action of Congress,
rather than surrender this great constitutional
right of the Congress of the United States to the
discretion of the President.
In the case which is particularly cited in the
message of the President, that of the Isthmus of
Panama, it will be remembered that, by a treaty
with New Granada, we guarantied their sover-
eignty and possession of that isthmus; that under
that convention between the two Governments
a company was incorporated; American capital
went there and constructed a railroad to connect
the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. American citizens
were invited there. They were encouraged tp be-
lieve they had the protection of their own Gov-
ernment. They invested their capital. The Uni-
ted States established a post route across -tlie
isthmus and upon this road. This constitutes a
case not included in the general catego r j of send-
ing the President abroad to make war wherever
he may think a citizen injured. There is a.eage
where it would be entirely.proper for the Con-
gress of the United States to give the President
the power to send naval forces to be landed when
necessary, to protect that post route across the
continent, to make safe those''citizens of the
U nited States who, under the protection ofa treaty,
had gone there to reside, and invested large
amounts of their capital in a public work. It is
an exceptional case. I was struck with the re-
marks of the Senator from North Carolina, who
seemed to think the Clayton-Bulwer treaty the
great obstacle. It was not applicable to the Isth-
mus of Panama.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, the last article of the treaty does not apply
it. It first applies to Central America; butif the
Senator will look to the last article, he will find
that it covers Panama and Tehuantepee by name,
and any other route.
Mr. DAVIS. In relation to the privileges of
inter-oceanic communication, that is all very true;
but, in relation to the restrictions of colonization
and the establishment of military posts, I think he
will find that neither Panama nor Tehuantepee
is included.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall send for the treaty.
Mr. DAVIS. I may be mistaken; but my rec-
ollection is, that two out of the three routes- are
not included in the restraints proposed by that
treaty. Only one of the three, then, is subject to
the objection which is offered. Whether the other
two will ever reach the condition of the present
route across the Isthmus of Panama, I am not pre-
pared to say. One we know now to be interrupted;
the other to be open, and to give promise of being
a very prospeious postal, passenger, and perhaps
commercial route, the latter being under the Gov-
ernment of Mexico. Notwithstanding all the in-
testine feuds which have existed in Mexico; not-
withstanding all the unjustifiable taxation which
has been imposed upon foreign capital, existing
within her borders, we have no reason to believe
that the-Government of Mexico will,, allow such
crimes to be perpetrated as mark the case of the
Isthmus of Panama. It is at least to be hoped
that such will not occur. They have advanced at
least several steps further towards civilization
than the New Granadians; artd one reason why
it may be needful to exercise this power in rela-
tion to those small Central and Southern Ameri-
can States, and not in relation to a great Govern-
ment 
Mr. GREEN. I did not understand the Sen-
ator to say which Government has advanced fur-
ther in civilization than New Granada.
Mr. DAVIS. My opinion is, that Mexico has.
The Senator may entertain a different opinion;
but that is not germane to my argument.
Mr. GREEN. I do entertain a decidedly dif-
ferent opinion.
Mr. PUGH. It is about six of one and half a
dozen of the other.
Mr. DAVIS. I hold that one has advanced
further in civilization than the other; that one has
attained much greater power than the other. I
hold that it is just in proportion as Governments
advance in civilization and power, (and to any
great elevation of power they cannot attain with-
out an equal progress ill civilization,) that we are
secure from those interruptions which would jus-
tify the forcible action of tha, President of the
United States.
But, sir, in the event of an extreme case occur-
ring, in the event of citizens crying aloud for the
protection of an armed vessel of the United States
lying in the harbor, the American sailor who
would not give it, without waiting for the law or a
specific clause of the Constitution to enable h im to
do it, would deserve to have the epaulets stripped
from his shoulders. I should have no apprehen-
sion, where ever a vessel bearing the arms of the
United States was lying in a harbor, that any offi-
cer of the American Navy would allow an Ameri-
can citizen to be sacrificed to an infuriated mob,
when he had the power to protect him. Any Ad-
ministration which shsuld attempt to punish an
