42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
was entered on the record. It was, if you please,
inaccurately entered. The clerk entered on the
record that the judge had an interest, and also that
he was related to some of the parties. The facts
are, he had an interest, but was not related to the
parties; and the answer to the criticism is, that
the clerk made this entry, and probably embraced
within it every cause of disqualification that sug-
gested itself to his mind.
Rut the judge said in open court, and the fact is
testified to by more than one or two, " 1 will not
touch these cases with a forty-foot pole." He
said so the very first time the cases were called to
his attention on the calendar.
Now, sir, if the judge, in this transaction, had
done anything inconsistent with his judicial char-
acter, from a depraved and corrupt motive, there
is not a man in this House who would have more
delighted to impeach him than I would; but no
matter how much clamor there may be raised
against a man, so long as I have the honor of a
seat in the House of Representatives, so long
shall every judge have from me, at least, that
same kindness of scrutiny of his judicial action
which, were I placed in the same position, I
shouid desire to receive myself at the hands of
my fellow-men. I will read from the record a por-
tion of the order in one of these cases. The order
is alike in all:
This day came the parties aforesaid by their attorneys,
and thereupon the judge presiding having stated that he
could not sit m this cause by reason of a personal interest,
and of an interest of persons with whom he is connected by
blood, in a part of the snbject-matter in contest, the said
parties, by their attorneys, agree that this suit be transferred
« for trial to the distuctof Austirj. And fuither,*it is agreed
that the continuances and ail other orders heretofore made
in this case, be coi reeled to as 10 read as made by consent,
and not by the order of this couit."
Mr. J1ILLINGEIURST. What date ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. January, 1852.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman read the
record of 1831 ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Yes, if the gen-
tleman will give mo a portion of his time to do it
in. 1 will say, however, that in respect ft the
record of 1831, there is nothing but a continu-
anccentercd; while the testimony was clear before
the committee that during that period there was
a negotiation pending between the lawyers,—a ne-
gotiation suggested by the notorious existence of
the judge's interest—with a view to calling in some
lawyer to try the cases;and thus they dallied m the
Federal court of Texas for two years. With the
highest respect for my friend the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Houston,] 1 will say
of him that I think he would rear a standard of
judicial morality,astandaid which lie would adopt
"himself if judicial powers were conferred upon
him, higher than is ordinarily attained by men.
We must take men as we find them. At best we
all but grope in darkness; and upon a great ques-
tion like this—a question of impeachment—we
must look at men as we find them. We must re-
member that, after all, even a judge has human
sympathies and frailties. We must remember
that, after all, it is true that
" Fancy's flash, and icason's ray,
Serve but to light om darksome way."
And that we must look at the conduct of men
placed in trying circumstances, and decide in re-
spect of that conduct by rules not unnecessarily
severe. Now, i will admit that a very frank
judge—a judge who opened his court'by telling
what land he owned, the ages ofhis children, and
anything else that was interesting, to the bar,
might have avowed that he had been speculating
in lands; but I assert that Judge Watrous best
preserved the dignity of his station by keeping si-
lence until the time came when his judicial action
was callcd for, and then it was enough for him to
say, " I have a personal interest in this cause,
which disqualifies me." But,sir,there isappaient
in this case an impotentand ineffectual effort on
the part of Judge Watious to have these causes
brought in the State courts of Texas, where it
seems that from the very first he had supposed
that by-and-by, prejudices would be removed,
and that with the advanceof the State in civiliza-
tion, and the increased acquisition of wealth by
her citizens, justice might be ad ministered to Mex-
ican claimants in spite of her Legislature, and in
spite of her people.
But, Mr. Speaker, my reflection leads me to the
conclusion, that so far fiom finding that Mr.
Spencer's rights as a citizen of Texas were in-
vaded by the removal of these causes to the court
at New Orleans, under the judiciary act of 1789,
that removal assured him perfect justice. The case
was one of those which above all others ought
to have been tried and ought to have been determ-
ined by the Federal judiciary. It was so tried.
It went to New Orleans. It was there tried be-
fore a judge whose conduct in the case has not
yet become the subject of animadversion, and the
judgment was that Spencer had neither title nor
color of title, but was a squatter upon the domain
of another man.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURRY. I hope the gentleman from New
York will have leave to go on with his speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is his hour out?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then let the rule
be regularly enforced.
Mr. BRYAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn. [Loud Cries of" No, no."]
Mr. BRYAN. I will withdraw the motion if
any other gentleman wishes to speAk to-day. I
desire to speak on Monday, and, therefore, I made
the motion to adjourn; but I now withdraw it.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. SpeakSr, like the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Stewart,] during
the recess of Congress 1 read all the evidence in
this case that was published previous to the ad-
journment, with a view of making up my Sjfihi
mind as to what muduty was in voting upon this
question. I do not propose, because I have made
no analysis of the-evidence, to go into any de-'
tailed examination'of the case, or to occupy the
hour assigned to me by the rules.
I propose simply, like my friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. Stewart,] to state only the impres-
sions which that evidence made upon my mind,
and the facts, which I understand to be undisput-
ed in the case. I read the evidence, and the effect
which it produced upon my mind, without refer-
ence to any single item, was, that there was no
case made out for impeachment. Supposing that
that portion-of the Committee on the Judiciary
must have had some ground upon which to pred-
icate their report, I turned to that report and read
it; and the result to which I came was, first, that
the conclusions at which they arrived were not
warranted by the testimony, and consequently
the House was not warranted in preferring articles
of impeachment.
I confess to you, Mr. Speaker, that I have great
curiosity to know, upon the facts found by that
portion of the committee in favor ofimpeachment,
what specific articles of impeachment they can
frame that will stand the testof a demurrer? I do
not understand what specific act of misdemeanor,
I what specific act of official misconduct, what spe-
i cifio act of corruption, or partiality, or misfeasance
i in office, results from the findings of thatcommit-
I tee. I think the chairman of this committee will
! find his ingenuity and professional skill pretty
' severely faxed if he is put upon the duty offraming
I articles ofimpeachment in which he shall specify
' the particular misdemeanors upon which he asks
that judgment shall be rendered.
I Ninv,"sir, as I understand the undisputed facts
in this case, they are simply these; that Judge
Watrous was formerly a resident of Selma, Ala-
bama, a practicing lawyer there; that he had, be-
fore the annexation of Texas to the United States,
removed to Texas, and engaged in the practice of
law; that while there he was the attorney of a cer-
tain Thomas M. League, a man who was pretty
extensively engaged in the business of land spec-
ulation ; that upon the annexation of Texas to the
Union, he was appointed district judge of the
United States for the district of Texas; that after
he had been in office some time, about the year
(•'1830, thjg Thomas M. League called upon him at
his residence, in the city of Galveston, and sug-
gested that there was a fine opportunity for a spec-
ulation in a tract of eleven leagues of land lying
on the Brazos river. In a couveisatlon between
old friends or acquaintances, Judge Watrous, in
reply to the suggestion, said that he had not the
money that would enable him to embark in that
speculation, but that he had friends or acquaint-
ances in his former place of residence, Selma,
Alabama, who could readily advance the money,
and who, perhaps, might consent to unite in the
speculation. The tract contains nominally forty-
eight thousand acres; but really, as 1 understand,
a much larger quantity, perhaps sixty thousand
acres. It was stated to be worth sonj(jhing like
five dollars per acre, or in the aggregate $3(30,000.
He wrote to Mr. Lapsley, in Alabama, and in-
formed him of the existence of this land, and the
opportunity \^ich was offered. But first, he had
the title referrefl to a Mr. Robert Hughes, a lead-
ing real-estate lawyer in the State, and, as I un-
derstand, a man of high standing, morally and
professionally. He gave his opinion upon the
title; Judge Watrous never examined it, consid-
ering Mr. Hughes's opinion reliable.
Some time in the spring following, Judge Wat-
rous visited Selma, where he had a conversation
with Lagpley and with three or four others who
were expected to unite in the speculation and fur-
nish a portion of the purchase-money. It is a mat-
ter of controversy among the witnesses whether
anything was said in that conversation whether,
if any litigation should result from the purchase,
suits should be carried on in the Federal or State
courts. Lapsley, if I recollect his testimony ac-
curately, says he thought it was a matter of con-
versation, and that it was remarked that the suits
would have to be brought first in the Federal court
of the State of Texas, and then removed to New
Orleans, in consequence of the interest of Judge
Watrous. League says, as I understand his tes-
timony, that he cannot recollect that anything was
said in that conversation about the question of
bringing the suits in the Federal or State courts.
Whether this occurred in the conversation or not,
I do notregard as of any sort of coriteequence. -One
thing is perfectly clear, both from the testimony
of League and Lapsley, that in none of these con-
versations was there the remotest idea that the
title was to be litigated in Judge Watrous's court.
It is clear that such a thing was never contem-
J plated by anybody in the whole progress of these
transactions. Such a thingwill not, 1 apprehend,
be claimed upon the part of those who are press-
ing upon this House the impeachment of Judge
Watrous,
That is not the point. The point of the whole
proceeding, as I understand it, is,, that Judge
Watrous, being a Federal judge, and the fact of
his being a Federal judge rendering it necessary,
he being a party in interest, to remove the juris-
diction to the New Orleans circuit court, he w%s
taken into the speculation because his official po-
sition would make the transfei necessary; and that
he availed himself ofhis official position to effect
the transfer of the jurisdiction of this case to the
New Orleans circuit. That is the gist of the
charges, as I understand them.
Now, sir, I have to say, that if Robert Hughes
and John W. Lapsley are honest men, in the
highest sense of the term; not merely men who
will not lie under oath, but men who will not be?
guilty of any known or willful concealment, men
who will tell the whole truth, though they swear
to their own hurt; then I say there was not the
slightest impropriety in the conduct of Judge
Watrous in this transaction. This conversation
at Selma, Alabama, between Judge Watrous,
Lapsley, and others, shows clearly that these par-
ties had in contemplation a speculation in which
they thought money could bo made, and that they
took Judge Watrous into it because he was the
party who furnished the information where the
means might be obtained to enable League to make
this investment. League had found out in his
explorations that this speculation could be made.
He informed Judge Watrous, but stated that he
had not the money necessary to enable him to
avail himself of it. Judge Watrous had not the
means to enable them to make the joint purchase,
and, therefore, to enable them to enter into .the
speculation, it was necessary to find some one
who would advance the required amount. With
that view, and with that view solely, Judge Wat-
rous gets these Alabama parties interested. It
was only necessary to advance §7,000, and the
testimony shows that the land was worth $300,000.
Lapsley agrees, in consideration of the magni-
tude of the speculation, that League and Judge
Watrous shall have one half, and be and his as-
sociates the other half. He was to furnish the
purchase-money, taking the note ofhand of Judge
Watrous and League for their half. He will take
the legal title to himself, and hold it. as security
for the payment of notes executed to him by
Judge Watrous. Lapsley, being the only man
who had any money invested, was the party who
