1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 18, 1859.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. William Norwood.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the reading of
the Journal, unless there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER, (after counting the House.)
There are only sixty-six members present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. DAVIDSON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Horace F. Clark, John Coch-
rane, CockertH, James Craig, Burton Craige, Curtis, David-
son, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes, Dow-
dell, Faulkner. Fenton, Foley, Foster, Goode, Greenwood,
Gregg, Grover, Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan, Harris, Hick-
man, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jewctt, George W.Jones,
Leiter, Lctcher. Mason, Mott, Parker, Reilly,Ruffiu, Robert
Smith, William Smith, James A. Stewart, William Stew-
art, Thayer, Tompkins, Vance,Wade, Walbndge,Waldron,
Whitelev, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Augustus R.Wright
-5Q.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Atkins, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bonham, Bowie, Brayton, Buffin-
ton, Burnett, Burns, Case, Cavanaugh, Clay, Cobb, Corn-
ing, Crawford, Curry, Davis of Massachusetts, Dean,Dodd,
Edie, Gartrell, Giddings, Goodwin, Granger, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Hoard, Hodges, Keim, Kelsey, Kilgore,Leach,Love-
joy, Maclav, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard,
Morgan, Morrill, Oliver A. Morse, Nichols, Olm, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelp3, Phillips,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Robbins, Royee* Russell,
Scales, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Samuel A. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Walton, Cad-
wahwjer C. Washburn, EUihu B. Washburne, Watkms,
White, and Wilson—73.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HOPKINS said: Mr. Speaker, for four-
teen years I have been here, I now ask, for the
first time, to vote out of order. The Committee
on Foreign Affairs were misled by the clock fur-
nished their committee-room by the House. I
think the House ought to guaranty the correct-
ness of its own time. I ask that the members of
that committee be allowed to vote.
Objection was made.
Messrs. SICKLES and BURLINGAME asked
to vote, not being within the bar when their names
were called. They were misled by the clock in
the committee-room of the Committee on Foreign
rs
Mr. 'WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The House is not responsible for the clocks in
the committee-rooms.
Mr. HILL moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER replied that the question was
•whether there should be a call of the House.
Messrs. GROW, HALL, COX, WRIGHT,
of Tennessee, HILL, MURRAY, and KEITT,
not being within the bar when their names were
called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
They would have voted in the negative.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, asked leave to
vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object, and shall object, to
all leave to vote for those who were not here
when their names were called.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. So many gentlemen have
asked leave to vote, that I think I will ask leave
to withdraw my vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER asked what was the
pending question?
The SPEAKER stated that the pending ques-
tion was, " Shall there be a call of the House?"
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER did not think he would
vote on the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do all these ap-
plications go upon the Journal ?
The SPEAKER. They do not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then what is
gained by making them ?
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
GOVERNMENT BARRACKS "IN SAVANNAH.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged question.
I had a motion entered some time since to recon-
sider the vote whereby House bill No. 472 was
laid un the tabic. It is a bill providing for the
transfer of the barracks in the city of Savannah
to the city authorities. I desired a reconsideration
for the purpose of amending the bill, so as to pro-
vide, by amendment, that the city of Savannah
shall pay a fair consideration for the same. The
barracks are going to wreck, not being repaired
either by the Government or by the city authori-
ties. Prior to the last session, the power to sell
this class of public property was invested in the
Secretary of War; but at the last session, owing
to the Fort Snelling affair, the Secretary was de-
prived of that right. I corresponded with the Sec-
retary of War on that subject at the last session,
and he proposed to sell it at $45,000. I propose
to amend the bill so that the barracks shall not be
sold for less than $30,000. I move the reconsid-
eration for the purpose of offering this amend-
ment; and I shall call for the previous question so
as to cut off any discussion.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of War to transfer and cede to thecity
of Savannah the Government barracks "and the
lancts belonging to the United States in said city,
any law to the contrary, notwithstanding.
Mr. SEWARD. If the vote be reconsidered,
I propose to amend the bill by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of War be, and he hereby is, author-
ized to convey to the city of Savannah the barracks and
lands on which the same are situate, in said city, the
same not being used for military purposes, for not less than
$30,000 in cash, or on such time and on such security as
will protect the Government against loss.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman from Georgia how he gets at the
value, and why he does not provide for a public
sale ?
Mr. SEWARD. I entered into a correspond-
ence with the Secretary of War at the last ses-
sion, and he fixed .the price at §45,000; but the
law giving him power to sell such property was
repealed. The Government of the United States
derived title from the city of Savannah; and I
hold it to be sound doctrine that whenever the
Government of the United States acquires prop-
erty from a State and subsequently abandons its
use, it ought to go back to the State from which
it was derived. I state, from my own knowledge,
that the Government has not used these barracks
for the last four years, and that they are going to
wreck for want of repairs.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Georgia inform us what the United States paid for
this land
Mr. SEWARD. I think the Government of
the United States paid about forty-five thousand
dollars for it. That is my recollection, from the
correspondence I have had with the Secretary of
War.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman tell me
what difficulty there is about having this property
put up at public sale, and sold for its full value?
Mr. SEWARD. 1 think the Secretary of War
is competent to manage the sale for the benefit of
the Government. I do not propose to limit the
maximum, but merely the minimum price. The
Government got the title from the city of Savan-
nah.
Mr. LETCHER. And paid for it.
Mr. SEWARD. I am willing to place the min-
imum at $45,000.
Mr. KELSEY. The previous question has
been called; and debate is not in order. I there-
fore object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Georgia modify his proposed amend-
ment, by striking out the authority to sell on
cred it ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, I will strike that out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I will vote
°Mr. LETCHER. I suggest another modifi-
cation. Strike out $30,000, and provide for the
sale of the property, either in whole or in lots, at
public auction.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot do that. I think it
is wrong in principle. The Government derived
this property from the city of Savannah for a
particular purpose. It did not pay an extrava-
gant price for it; and if the city be willing to pay
back the price it received for it, I think the city
is entitled to have the property.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand, the Gov-
ernment paid f45,000 for the land, besides what
it paid for buildings and improvements. And now
it is proposed to sell it for $30,000.
Mr. KELSE Y. I object to debate, as it is oat
of order.
Mr. WADE. What is the quantity of land ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to by the
gentleman from New York.
The question being on the motion to reconsider,
Mr. SEWARD demanded tellers.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas,and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on that demand. I do not want to waste
time upon this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to see who will vote
to reconsider to sell land in this way.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SEWARD. To accommodate the views
of the House, I am willing, if the vote shall be
reconsidered, to modify my amendment, so as to
provide for a public sale.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my Motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I renew it.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw that motion.
Mr'. MORRIS, of Illinois. Very well; I will
withdraw it.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Georgia that the pub-
lic sale should be to the highest bidder.
Mr. CURTIS. And after sixty days' notice.
Mr. SEWARD. I am willing that gentlemen
shall put the amendment in such shape as they
please; but, I suggest to thegentleman from Vir-
ginia, that if the property is put up at public sale,
he should strike out the $45,000.
Mr. HUGHES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he should modify his amendment, so as to
provide that no committee shall be hereafter raised
to investigate this sale.
Mr. SEWARD. There is no necessity for that;
as down South we have not got up a system of
land speculation.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to—ayes
one hundred and seven, noes not counted.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
bill on the table; and being put, the House refused
to lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia now moves to amend the bill, by striking out
all after the enacting words, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to sell at public auction, alter thirty days' public no-
tice, and convey to the purchaser, the barracks and the land
upon which the same are situate in the city of Savannah,
the same not being used for military purposes, in whole or
in lots, as to him may seem best, and for not less than
$45,000.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment has been
modified by others, and does not exactly meetmy
views. I do not think that the words, " for not
less than $45,000," ought to be retained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia will please arrange his amendment to suit
himself.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I will insert the words
" to the highest bidder," as some gentlemen seem
to think that necessary. _
Mr. FAULKNER. If it be in-<order, I will
move that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. I will state to the House that
the subject of the cession of these barracks to the
city of Savannah—the cession merely—was be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs, and the
committee, without looking furtherinto the sub-
ject, decided that it was not expedient to make
I that cession to any of the persons who were ap-
plying for it—some from New York and some
from Georgia. We have taken no action on the
bill now before the House, and I therefore move
1 that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is Upon the floor. Does the gentleman yield
for the motion of the gentleman from Virginia?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir. I move the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. STANTON. Permit me to say a word.
I should be in favor of the reference of the bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs, if it would
not prevent the passage of the bill this session. I
have no doubt that if we retain these barracks
they will cost the Government $50,000 within the
