1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
next ten years. They are not worth sixpence. I
would rather give them away than retain them;
and I hope the House will pass the bill and sell
this property for §45,1300.
Mr. SEWARD. The House seems to be very
much exercised about this little property in my
city.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I thought,
if the motion to reconsider was agreed to, the bill
was to be passed in its present shape. I hope it
will not be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I trust the House will not hesitate at all
to sell this site. I recollect the matter was before
the Committee on Military Affairs; and I recol-
lect that it was perfectly understood by us that it
was not necessary at all for us to retain it for mil-
itary purposes. I hope the bill will not be re-
ferred, but that it will be passed without further
delay.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. That is not in accordance
with my notions of propriety at all. I want to
know how many acres there are in this reserva-
tion, m order to see whether there will be com-
petition in regard to it.
Mr. SEWARD. Debate is not in order. I do
not think the reservation amounts to more than
five acres.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and boin? en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SEWARD demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SEWARD moved to amend the title, so
that it should read:
An act to anthoiize the sale and tiansfer of the Govern-
ment barKjeks at tfnwiminh. Georgia
The amendment was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was then passed.
Mr. SEWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
BRITISH BRIG CALEDONIA.
Mr. HICKMAN". I rho to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the committee of con-
ference on the bill of the House No. ~18, to
submit the following report.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference upon the dij-ngieeingvotcs
of the two Houses on the bif! of the House (\'o. 2l«) enti-
tled "An -tot lor the beuelu of the eaptotriol the litttis-li
hii<  OairdiHin. m the war of l^lii," hawns mt t, alter lull
and free confnetice have agreed to recommend to thetr
u'^peclive Houses as follows :
That the Home ol Representative* do coneur in the fir^t
amendment o! (lei Senate, with the following amendment:
Stufce out tlie woid ''widow," and insert the wotds,
<k the widows of the c.tptois, if <uij ; and it none, then to
then- ehildren or «iandehdden, hut not to collateral hens.*1
That the House of" Kepiesentatives do concur in the sec-
ond and, thud amendment* of the Senate.
That ilie Hou^e of Ilepi<^eumtivrt><< <Jo concur m the
fourth Amendment of the Senate with the following amend-
ment:
Stnke out the word '-widow" and insert the words
** widows, if any ; and if now. thun to the cluldieu and
giandeliiJdien. but not to collutrial Ihml-.'''
And that the Senate do concur in the said amendments
to the amendments of the Semite.
JOHN BLLL.
e. c CLAY,'Jr.,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
JOHN HICKMAN,
J. MORRISON HARRIS,
Managers. on the part of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I muve the previous ques-
tion on concurring m the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the,
main question ordered to he put.
The report of the committee of conference
was concurred in.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM B. DE GROOT.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the consent of the
House to allow me to have printed a repoit of
the Committee for the District of Columbia upon
a joint resolution which ought to pass. I will
state why this joint resolution was not reported
when the committee was last callcd. The gen-
tleman who had it in charge was confined to his
room by sickness. I ask the consent of the
House to report the joint resolution, and that it
be recommitted to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be prill ted •
There being no objection,
Mr. BURNETT reported, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, a joint resolution for
the relief of William De Groot; which was read
a first and second time, recommitted to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and, with the
repoit, oidered to be printed.
ROADS AND BRIDGES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. HUGHES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Territories, made an adverse
report on sundry memorials of the Legislature
and people of the Territory of Minnesota, ask-
ing appropriations for the construction of roads,
bridges, &c., in said Territory; which was laid"on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of disposing of the
Army appropriation bill. I will say to the House,
that I hope to dispose of that bill to-day; and to-
morrow the House can proceed to pnvatc busi-
ness, if it. shall be so disposed.
Mi. FLORENCE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. WASTTP/URNE, of Illinois. I hope we
shall have the committees called for reports.
The motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and being taken, it was agreed
to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. John
Cochrane in the chair,) and resumed the con*
sideration of the bill of the House (No, 667)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30,1860; the ques-
tion pending being upon decreasing the appro-
priation to $90,000, in the following paragraph,
which Mr. Stanton moved to strike out:
£> For expenses of rceuiitmq, ti asportation of recruits,
thiee months'' cxtux pay to non-commissioned officers,mu-
mci.uw, and privates, on lecnh.stment, §11)0,000."
The amendment to the amendment was report-
ed , as follows:
deduce the appropriation in the following paragiaph from
#100.000 to ,590,01)0 :
4* For expenses of recruiting, transportation of reciuits,
ihtec mounts' extia pay to mm-eomrm^ioned olliecis, mu-
sicians, and pnvates, on icenlu-tnieiu, $100,000 "
The CHAIRMAN stated that tellers had been
ordered on that amendment.
Messrs. Craig, of Missouri, and Chaffee
were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected—ayes forty, nucs
not counted.
The question recurred upon Mr. Stanton's
amendment to strike out the entire paragraph.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation $10,001.
Mr. Chairman, I submitted the proposition yes-
terday to reduce this appropriation $10,000. I
did not do so as the mere basis of some general
remarks to be addressed to this body, but for the
purpose of making a reduction which I thought
proper in that branch of the public service. The
Committee on Military Affairs have looked with
some care, I think, into all these Army appropri-
ations. I certainly would be amongst the last
men in this body to detract from the efficiency of
the public service; but I am not willing to see
money voted, unless I can perceive that the sum
thus appropriated is necessary for the public ser-
vice.
By referring to the recruiting service and the
appropriations made for it, it will be seen that the
amount annually called for, prior to 1856, ranged
from $48,000 to $65,000. In that year, there was
an estimate, by the War Department, of $110,000.
What was the occasion of that extra demand
thus made upon the public Treasury for the re-
cruiting service? 1 presume it was because the
four new regiments then authorized by law had
to be brought into organized existence. Yet, sir,
that same sum has continued to be asked for every
year, from then to this moment. What is the fact
exhibited by the report of the Adjutant General
himself? That of the appropriation of the $110,000
you voted him last year, he has a surplus now of
$10,000. Here is his estimate:
"E&timateof the balance of appropriation unexpended
30tli of June, which may be applied to the service of the
next fiscal year, $10,000."
Now, sir, if the recruiting service last year, in
which a larger number of recruits was necessary
than during the next fiscal year, left a surplus of
$10,000, how can that sum be expended, when
we are informed that there is only a deficiency of
fourteen hundred and five men—two hundred and
seventy-three in the mounted service, and eleven
hundred and thirty-two in the infantry? 1 say
that the proposition I make is a reasonable ojie,
marked by a cautious regard to the public service.
I am not disposed to vote money unless I can
perceive there is an object to be attained by it. I
think that we ought not to place one dollar in the
hands of any of the Executive Departments, un-
less there is shown to be an obvious necessity for
the expenditure. Excess of appropriation pro-
duces profligacy of expenditure, profuseness, ex-
travagance, and ultimately corruption. It demor-
alizes 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
I am not a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, nor have T ever served in the military ser-
vice of the country; therefore, I am not familiar
with the military affairs of the country. But I
have something to say in relation to this appro-
priation. The Secretary of War and the Adju-
tant General estimated that $110,000 would be re-
quired for the recruiting service of the Aimy,for
the payment of bounty to the newly-enlisted sol-
diers, and the three months' extra pay to which
they are entitled. We find it estimated that there
will be an unexpended balance at the expiration
of this fiscal year of $10,000. The Secretary has
stated that he needed for this service $110,000, be-
sides an expected unexpended balance of $10,000.
But the Committee of Ways and Means con-
cluded to recommend an appropriation of only
$100,000, which will leave $110,000 for the ser-
vice of the next fiscal year.
But the gentleman from Virginia remarks, that
in 1855, and for ten yeats preceding, only $50,000
was appropriated for the recruiting service. I
would say to him that there was a special item
for the three months' extra pay of men, and this
was kept as a separate account. Hut these ac-
counts have been commingled since the year 1855.
Prior to that time, $l(j,000 was appropriated to
pay the men who reeniisted. But in 1854, Con-
gress increased the wages of the soldiers, for the
purpose of inducing good men to reenhst; and
now we find a great number of reenlistments,
which swell the recruiting accounts to a consider-
able amount. The expenses of last year amounted
to $112,000, as reported by the Adjutant General.
We leave now $110,000 for that service. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says that
the recruiting going on is too extensive; but I will
state to him that, though men enhstfor five years,
the average length of servicc is not more than
three and a half years. The reason of this is the
frequency of desertions. It was expected that
the increased compensation given to the soldier
would prevent desertion, and also induce good
men to recnlist. But where so many of your sol-
diers are stationed in distant Territories, where
there is such an inducement to soldiers to go to
the gold mines and receive large wages, desertion
cannot be prevented; and the Army will probably
be reduced next year, from that cause, by some
eight thousand men,
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether, in addition to this $110,000,
there is not also an appropriation of $30,000 for
bounty for enlistment?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Faulkner's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
