1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
Mr. SEWARD. To dispense with the rule
requuing ballots.
Mr. HALE. We do not want the yeas and
nays on that.
Mr. KING. I understood that the ruje was
dispensed with by jommon consent, and that the
question now is on adopting the committees.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the question before
the Senate ? To dispense with the rule, is it not?
T^e PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule has
been dispensed with. The question now is on
the committees.
Mr. SEWARD. The present question then is
upon accepting; the committees, is it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes.
Mr. SEWARD. Then upon that a division is
asked, as I understand.
Mr. IvING. Not a division of the committees,
but a division on the question of accepting the
committeos. On that we wish the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. Exactly.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN. The list of committees is now
before us. * m
The PRESIDING OFFICER? The Secretary
■will read the list. %
The Secretary read, as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chairman,)
Douglas,, tilde!!, Polk, Crittenden, Seward, and Foot.
On Finance—Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,) Pearce,Gwm,
Bright, Hammond, Fessendert, and Cameron.
On Commerce — Messrs. Clay, (chairmSh,) Bigler,
Toombs. Reirt, Allen, Hamlin, and Chandler.
On Military Jljfairs and the Militia—Messrs. Davis,
(chairman,) Fitzpatnck, Johnson of Arkansas, Chestnut,
Ciodrr/ck, Wilson, and King1.
On Naval Messrs. Mallory, (chairman,) Thom-
son of New Jeisey, Shdell, Alien, Hammond, Bull, and
Hale.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Bayard, (chairman,) Pugh,
Benjamin. Green, Clm^mafi. Coiiamer, and Tiumbul).
O/i Po^t Offices and Pat Roads—Messrs. Yulee, (chair-
man,) Bigler, Gwm, Rice, Waid, Hale, and Dixon.
On Public Lands—Messrs Stuart, (chairman,) Johnson
of Arkansas, Pugh, Johnson of Tennessee, Chestnut, Fos-
ter, and Ilaiian.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Benjamin, (chair-
man,) Polk, Shields,Thompson of Kentucky, and Durkee.
Oil Indifiti Jijfairs — Messrs. Sebastian/ (chairman,)
Brown, Fitch, Riee, Bell, Houston, and Doolitiie.
Oil Pensioyis—Messrs. Jones, (chairman,) Thomson of
New Jersey, Clay, Bates, Thompson ol Kentucky, Foster,
and King.
On Revolutionary Claims— Messrs. Shields, (Chairman,)
Bates. Cmtemien/Duikeo, and Chandler,
On Claim*—Messrs. Iver&on, (chairman,) Mallory, Ward,
Simmons, and Clark.
On the DiUrictof Columbia—Messrs. Brown, (chairman.)
Mason, Johnson of Tennessee, Yulee, Kennedy. Hamhn,
ami Wilson.
On+Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Reid, (chair-
man.) Thompson" of New Jersey, Toombs, Simmons, and
Tiumbull,
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Bright, (chair-
man.) Davis, Dougla*. Kennedy, and Clark.
On Territoiies—Mc rs. Green, (chairman.) Douglas,
Jones, Sebastian. Fitzpatnck, Collamer, and Wade.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Wright, (chairman,) Joanson of Tennes-
see, and Divon.
On Printing— Messrs. Fitch, (chairman,) Chngman,and
Cameion.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Wright, (chairman.) Bigler,
and Hailan.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Jones, (chairman,) Brown,
and Doohttle.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,) Bayard,
ami Fessenden.
The question being tdlcen by yeas and nays, on
the adoption of the list, resulted—yeas 31, nays
20; as foliov/s:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bate*. Bayard. Benjamin, Bigler,
Bright, Brown. CJaj', Clmgman, Davi?, Fitcli, Fitzpafrick.
Gro«j, Gwm, Hammond, ilunter,! vej son, Johnson of Ten-
nes*ee, Jones. Mason, Peaicc, Polk, Reid, llioe. Sebastian,
Shieltts, Shdell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Ward,
and Wnshr—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collumor, Dixon, Doohttle, Fes^enden, Foot, Fos
let. Hale, Hamim. tlatfan. King, Seward, Simmons, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the list wes adopted. !
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the Senate to excuse
me from s jrvin£ on the Committee on Printing,
My reason is simply this: it is known to the gen-
tlemen who have nufced my course,that for many
yems 1 have opposed the printing and circulation
of books. I regard it as wrong in principle, and
I do not tlnnk it fair that I should be responsible,
as a nu mber of a committee, for the circulation of
these documents. As the policy of the Senate has [|
been u different one, I think it proper that an m- j{
dividual should be placud on the committee who j
can conscientiously carry it out. My opposition T
to this place k, well known, because it has been <
expressed to my political friends; and I suppose
it is the only in'stance m the legislation of either
House where there has been an attempt to force
an individual to serve on a particular committee
when he declined to do so, and avowed his will-
ingness to serve on any other committee, or to be
left off all committees. I should indeed have been
gratified if I had not been placed on any commit-
tee at all; and I would have been willing1 to serve
on any other committee; but there has been an
attempt to force me into this position, which I do
not undertake to characterize. I believe that no*
body would buy the printed matter which we cir-
culate; I do not suppose that we have ever printed
anything which could be put in market and sold at
the usual rates of books; or, at least, that has very
rarely been the case, for the books that we have
distributed have generally been unsalable books;
but, if the Senate desire to abolish this practice,
it ought to be done by legislation and not by any
attempt to put in this position gentlemen who are
"opposed to the system. I cannot carry out the
system that has heretofore been acted upon. I do
not think it right to me, or right to the Senate, or
right to the book-makers, who expect to derive
profit from this, that I should be put there. If I
were to make a recommendation against printing
a book, it would be taken as a matter of course;
it would have no weight with anybody, for it is
known that I am opposed to the system. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will, as a matter of justice
to itself, in order that its policy may be carried
out, and as a matter of justice to me and my pe-
culiar position, relieve me from service on this
committee.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the 'Senator from
North Carolina will be relieved, and I move that
the Chair appoint a person to fill the vacancy.
The Senator is very much mistaken if he sup-
poses any attempt was made to force him on this
committee. He was placed there; other members
ate as reluctant to serve on it as he is. We have
tried very hard, at least I have, to get some per-
son to fill his place, but have thus far been un-
able to do so. I hope, however, that he will be
excused, and a successor appointed by the Chair.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
North Carolina will consent to serve on this com-
mittee. I think very much as he does in regard
to all this matter of printing, and should take
pleasure in acting with him as a member of the
committee. I believe the time has come when we
should make a refoim on the subject of public
printing; and if the Senator will serve with us on
the committee, I hope we shall be enabled during
this winter to save a great deal of money to the
country, and rid ourselves of a vast amount of
labor which we are now compelled to perform in j
distributinglhe worthless matter which is printed.
I think this committee can be of great service to
the country and the Senate, and I hope the Sena-
tor from North Carolina wiil consent to be a
member of it.
Mr. ALLEN. In arranging the committees,
it was a great object to place upon the Printing
Committee members who would endeavor to save
the public money. It was well known that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina was one
of that class, and I hope he will consent to go on
the committee. I
Mr. FITCH. I trust the Senator from North j
Carolina will be excused, at ins request; but if j
the objection made by him now to serving on ]
that committee had been made wli^n the commit- 1
tees were first arranged among our political i
friends, I should certainly have objected to being j
put there, for the very same reason he allpges in ,
his behalf; and if that "reason excuses him, it :
ought to excuse me likewise. 1 have uniformly '
voted for the abolition of the fronkinc; privilege, ;
expressly on the ground of a desire to get rid '
of congressional book publishing. Untjl that ;
privilege is abolished, orsume other course taken ;
by Congress to rid itself of these multitudinous !
publications, I shall perhaps feel it a duty in ac- ■
cordance with the implied, if not expressed, wish j
of the Senate, to report in favor of printing some f
number of any document referred to the commit- ;
tee, but shall do it contrary to the dictates of my j
own judgment. The same reason u'-ged by the |
Senator from North Carolina, for not serving on j
the committee, would be good for myself; and I ,
would urge it for the same purpose; but having I
been placed there, and at my own request ex-1
cused from service upon another committee, I
will not insist upon being excused from serving
upon this. Still, I should deem it a great favor
if the Senate would relieve me from such service.
It is a laborious committee; and let its action bo
what it may, that action is complained of both
by Congress and by the public. No man, there-
fore, can court a place on it unless he wishes to
.court more or less undeserved odium.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER put the question
on Mr. Clingman's motion; and it was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, and by unanimous
consent, it was ordered that the vacancy be filled
by the Vice President.
Mr. IVERSON.' Before we pass from the sub-
ject of the organization of committees, I desire
to move that the Chair appoint an additional mem-
ber to serve upon the Committee on Claims. There
are now only five members on that committee, and
I should like to have another.
Mr. GWIN. Add two, and make the number
seven.
Mr. BROWN. If you have six you may not
be able to get along.
Mr. IVERSON, There is no difficulty on that
subject. If the committee is equally divided on
any proposition it falls. Seven is rather too large
a number. I desire to have one member added
to the committee. There are only five allowed us
at present.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. This commit-
teeming limited to five members by the rule, it
will require unanimous consent to receive this
motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I am aware of that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection to the motion of the Senator from Geor-
gia,
Mr. MASON. I object.
Mr. IVERSON. I give notice that I shall to-
morrow move to suspend the rule of the Senate
in regardato the Committee on Claims, so that
another member may be added to that committee.
Mr. BRODERiCK. On looking over the list
of standing committees, I find that the State of
California is unrepresented upon the Committee
on Public Lands. At the last session, at the re-
quest of my colleague, I was placed upon that
committee; I attended all its meetings, and when-
ever any business was referred to me, I attended
to it. I make no objection to being left off the
committee; but I think, as I have been left off, my
colleague ought to be placed upon it, for it is a
very important committee to my State. It will be
especially important if we are to have a Pacific
railroad. I suppose the new railroad bills will be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands; and
as my colleague introduced a bill at the last ses-
sion, which I believe is to be considered to-day,
(to-day has been set apart for its consideration,)
some action ought to be taken before we proceed
any further. I consider it the most important of
the twenty-two standing committees of the Sen-
ate to my State, and therefore I mention it to the
Senate.
Mr. BROWN. Does the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia submit any specific motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion pending before the Senate.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will submit a motion
that my colleague be added to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN. Under the late ruling of the
Chair, the Senator cannot make that motion, I
apprehend, because it adds one member to the
committee, and the number is already full. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Jfthenumbe
is full, it will not be in order to make a motion
of that kind.
Mr. BRODERICK. Does the Chair decide my
motion to be out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The number
fixed by the lule has already been assigned to
that committee, and the Senator's motion is notm
order without changing the rule.
CLAYTQN-BULWJSR TREATY.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I offer the following res-
olution:
Whereas, the President in hts message to Congress, of
December 8,1857, express-ed himself in relation to the Ciay-
ton-Bulvver treaty, in the following language:
" The fact is, that when two nations like Gieat Britain
and the United States, mutually desirous as they me, and
I trust evei may be, ot maintaining the rnott friendly rela-
