48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13.
Sound, in the Terrstoiy of Washington, be referred to the
Committee on Military Afiaus and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 460) to authorize the es-
tablishment of a northern Pacific mail route be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. BROWN,' it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicated on the 10th of December, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 25th of May last,
containing statements showing all the expenditures fiom
the Treasury for public am] puvate purposes in the District
of Columbia; the number of town lots oiiginaHy owned by
the United States in Washington, the number sold, and the
turn for which sold, the number reserved, and their value,
the estimated value of individual property, and the value of
Government jfioperty, be reteired to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
A motion by Mr. Brown to print the docu-
ment was referred to the Comtnittee on Printing.
isaac holland.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to the unmarried daughters of Haac Holland,
late Ashiatant Doorkeeper of the Senate, the sum of $1. 0,
<oi funeral expenses, and an amount equal to one quaiter's
salary ot the deceased.
I bclitwc this resolution only carries out what
has heretofore been the usual practice of the Sen-
ate on the occasion of the death of any of its of-
ficers. I suppose, however, that the lesolution
will go to the Committee on the Contingent Fund.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
rules, this resolution must be referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate.
CHAPLAINS TO THE SENATE.
_ Mr. B1GLER. I offer the following: resolu-
tion; and I ask that it may be now considered:
Repaired, That tlio i'l evident of Llie .Senate bi' ;mtliorize<l
and irqih'sti'ci lo invite such cJurigvinun o!' the Ditmet ot
Columbia ihe oliiui: m.iy bo acceptable ti), to othci.ito as
Chaplains lo tin* .Si'niite dining the pre-sent beysioii, and m
Mich ultmiation as inaj be allocable to tliein.
Mr. MASON, I do not mean to object to the
consideiation of the resolution; but 1 suggest to
the Senator who offers it the propriety of amend-
ing it so as to confine it to officiating cleigymen,
because there are occasionally gentlemen here
who are clergymen, but who are not officiating
as such.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no objection to that
modification. The purpose can be accomplished
by inserting the word "officiating" before "cler-
gymen."
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
(Julered, Thru the p.-utiou and pitpeis m tile case of
Piedeiiek Viueem, administrator ol J.uuey Lecay.i-, Mir-
VIVIM" pmlnei ol' the linn in'J.eeaze & Mallet, he witli-
diriivu liom the iiiesol ihe Senate, and lelened to tile
Cojumiuee oil Revolution.uy Claim*.
On motion of Mr. SHIELDS, it was
(hdae-l, That th<v petition atid papers in the ca^c ofJo-
Keph Veiniski be vvitlnh.ivvn 1mm ihe lilcs ol the .Senate
and iWeiiod to the Committee on Mihtaiy Allans and the
IVIiiiua.
On motion of Mr. 1VERSON, it was
Onlci t</} That the petition of Samuel James, Ignatius
Liumv, Charier Tiiley, and T. S. Ihngey, tor compensation
as day watchman 111 the Navy Depaument, on tiie tiles of
tiie 2renale,\vith the advei&e leport theieon, be recommitted
to the Uumiuiitoc ou Uiasiii<.
On motion of Mr. 1VERSON, ft was
'era!, That the uieimm.i] ol' Chaiies J, Hwett, pray-
inj; compensation as puiser dining the time bo acted as
hk !i ou hoard tile San Jacinto, on tile lilus of tile (Senate,
he lelen-ed lu the Committee on N.ival Atfand.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, That the petition ol Geoiq;e G. Duiiiam, pray-
in{j compensation 101 sci vices as cleiU in the iudiau buieau,
on the hies oi the Senate, beielened to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That Cyrus II. MeCormick have leave to with-
draw his peiiUun and papers.
reference of the message.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Oidcicd, That so much of the President's message and
accompanying documents as relates to military afians, be
reiuned to thu Committee on Military Afl'aus and the Mili-
tia.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, i hat so much of tiie President's mo<5<3£i°re as re-
lates to intercom*© with foreign nations, be referred to the
Committee 011 Foiejgn Xielauons.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
Mr. DAYiS. On accountof the confused con-
dition in which the bill originally introduced in
regard to theTcrritory of Arizona, and the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Territories,
appear to he, I move to recommit the subject of
the organization of the Territory of Arizona to
the Committee on Territories, with instructions
to report a bill for the organization of that Terri-
tory. 1 find the bill printed with a caption which,
I think, is erroneous as to the adoption, by the
committee, of the bill which was referred to it,
and which I believe was not adopted by it. To
get rid of the presentconfusion, I move to recom-
mit the whole subject to the Committee on Terri-
tories, with instructions to report a bill for the
organization of that Territory.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish that motion di-
vided. I have no objection to the subject being;
referred to the Committee on Territories, but I
have objection to its being referred with any ex-
press directions. I wish the whole subject to be
open to the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. My motion was to refer the sub-
ject of the formation of a territorial government
for Arizona back to the committee 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have no objection to
that.
Mr. DAVIS. With-instructions to report a bill
for the organization of that Territory.
Mr. COLLAMER. On that I want a separate
vote.
Mr. DAVIS. AVell, sir, let the question be
ti iv tiled.
Mr. GREEN. I think it rather premature to
instruct the committee. We ought to have the
subject before us and consider it; but it would be
an enunciation of the judgment of the Senate to
give that instruction, and I think it wrong to pro-
nounce that judgment til advance. I think it'bet-
ter to refer tiie subject without any instruction.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state the reason why I
proposed the instruction. The committee have
reported back, I think, twice, and we now have
a bill for the organization of the Territory, and
another bill for the organization of a separate ju-
dicial district there merely. If the object is to
have a bill for the organization of the Territory,
T thought it was well so to inform the committee;
but if the committee did not fall into confusion, I
certainly did under their action.
Mr. GREEN. I be  leave to correct the Sen-
ator. There was a bill introduced by the Senator
from California [Mr. Gwi>j] to organize Ari-
zona Territory, but the Committee on Territories
have never reported a separate bill to organize
Arizona as a Territory. They did report an
amendment to one bill, giving a judicial district
to this region and equalizing its representation 111
the Legislature of New Mexico. That is as far
as the committee have heretofore gone, and now
they are open to receive any information on the
subject and to act according as they think the
public interests require.
Mr. DAVIS. If the committee object to hav-
ing instiuctions for the reasons offered by the
present chairman of the committee, 1 have no de-
sire to press the matter. Tiie bill was printed
with a caption stating that it had been adopted by
the committee. If, however, it be not so, I have
no objection at all to trust the committee. If they
report back a bill for judicial organization mere-
ly, it will then be in order to move a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion foiMiistructions ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no wish to press it. I
| simply move to recommit the whole subject to
the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to. j
ORDER OF BUSINESS. !
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. G5)
to authorize the President of the United States to !
contract for the transportation ofthe mails, troops, '
seamen, munitions of war, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, fiom the Missouri river
to San Francisco, in the State of California.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to be informed as to
the state of the Calendar. If I understand it,
there are several special orders now on the Cal-
endar, and the effect of taking up the bill of the
Senator from California would be to postpone
them all. I waited with great patience during the
last session for an opportunity* for action upon
two of those orders specially: one in relation to
a modification of our neutrality laws; the other
in relation to the banks of the District of Colum-
bia. There were," however, other subjects of
more engrossing importance, it seems, that occu-
pied the attention of the Senate, and I had no
opportunity of bringing these two measures that
I considered very important, to the consideration
of this body.
The proposition of the Senator from California
in relation to a Pacific railroad, occupied a very
considerable portion of the.time of the Senate
during the last session;* and it was then disposed
of by what I considered a very decided vote.
The Senate did not, at that time, think proper to
entertain that proposition; it was laid on the table.
Perhaps there may have since been a change of
opinion on the part of some Senators, but I am
not aware of it.
But I wish to state that there are two subjects
now having the pieference as special orders, that
I think can be disposed of in a very short time.
One is the consolidation of several resolutions in
relation to the neutrality laws. Originally, a piop-
osition was made to give a medal to Commodore
Paulding for what was deemed his meritorious
conduct in Nicaragua. An amendment was of-
fered to that resolution by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] casting censure Upon
Commodore Paulding. Then a bill was reported
by the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, [Mr. Mason,] modifying our neutial-
ity laws—making them more stnngent than they
now are. For that bill I offered, as a substitute,
a resolution instructing the Committee 011 Foreign
Relations to report a bill which would give, under
certain circumstances, to the President the right
of temporarily suspending those laws during the
recess of Congress. It has already been dis-
cussed, though not at length. Some gentlemen
of the Senate may wish to speak 011 the subject,
but I am very well satisfied it can be disposed of
in a day or two.
Next we have the subject of the banks in the
District of Columbia. Those institutions are
now peifectly lawless. They are entirely be-
yond the control of Congress or any other branch
of the Government. They are acting not only
without law, but in violation of law. Every in-
dividual and every association of individuals has
at this time an unrestricted right under the con-
struction given to our laws by the courts of the
District, to coin money in the District of Colum-
bia. I consider that this is a very important ques-
tion, and I ask if tiie Senate are prepared to give
the go-by to these measures and occupy an indef-
inite number of days during the short session for
the purpose of re-discussing a proposition which
last year they dismissed by a very decided ma-
jority. I have stated my reasons now for op-
posing the motion made by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, and I should really like to hear some rea-
sons for giving that measure the precedence over
all others.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is mistaken in sup-
posing that the Senate disposed of this question
at tiie last session by a very dccided majoiity.
There was only a majority of two for postponing
its consideration until the first Monday m De^
cember—last. Monday. On that doy I called op
the bill, and the Presiding Officer decided thnt it
was m order; but, inasmuch as the President's
message war! to be read on that day, I did not
then press if, and gave notice that 1 should call
it up the next day. { called it up on Tuesday,
and the President of the Senate then decided that
the 21st joint rule piobibited either House from
taking up, during the first six days of this ses-
sion, any measure which was on the Calendar at
the las' session. I gave notice at once that, on
the expiration of that period of six days, I would *
move to take up this bill; and, accordingly, I have
now made the motion. This bill was. by a vote
ot the Senate, made the special order for last
Monday, and it is now up by that vote of the
Senate, this, being the earliest moment when it
could be considered. •
The measures of which the Senatorfrom Louisi-
ana speaks were reported to the Senate long after
this bill. The numbering on the bills shows cicarly
that I am not violating the regular order of pro-
ceeding in the Serfete by urging the consideration
of this bijl. One of the bills to which the Senator
