1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
sponsibility of high command on officers of the
Army, and to deprive them of the pay and emol-
uments belonging to that command. Moreover,
the change is impracticable. Suppose that a cap-
tain in the line, who is a colonel by brevet, is or-
dered on detached duty, with the command and
responsibilities of a colonel, he must have his
horses, his orderlies, his servants, &c., and ought
to have the pay and allowances of a colonel.
Mr. FAULKNER. This provision, as 1 have
already stated, does'not touch the allowances at
all; it is the pay alone.
Mr. HUGH&S, Well, I maintain that there
is just as much reason for giving the pay as the
allowances. If the officer is performing the duty
of a colonel, he must have horses and servants.
You cannotexpect a man, placed in that position,
to support himself on the pay of a lieutenant.
And when you destroy (for it amounts to that)
brevet rank and the allowances pertaining to it,
you do more to strike down the esprit du corps of
the Army, than by any other measure you could
adopt.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask j
the gentleman if tins amendment does not take
$5,000 from General Scott? For one, I will never
vote for such an amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. Nor will I. I would just as
soon vote to take his epaulets from him as to
take one dollar of his pay or allowances. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
see if this House will vote to stake down that
brave and gallant soldier.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. STANTON. I am in favor of the bill
which proposes to take away the pay for brevet
rank, but I have no idea that that lull can pass,
so as to deprive the officers of their right to
brevet pay, at this session. 1 take it for granted
that no gentleman expects the passage of that
bill this session. The only effect of adopting the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the
Committee on Miluary Affairs, in which I grant
you, I concurred in the committee, will be, as 1
understand it, to create a deficiency in the service
of the fiscal year, which the next' Congress will
be called upon to supply. I do not see that any-
thing else can come of it, and I do not sec any
good that can result from striking out the appro-
priation for the pay of brevet rank m advance of
the passage of a law taking away the right to that
pay, because there will still be a legal right on
the part of these officers for their brevet nay, and
you will be compelled to vote it hereafter.
Mr. PFIELPN, of' Missouri. Will not the
deficicncy be more hkeiy to occur in the pay of
the rank and file of the Army, than in the pay of
the officers. v
Mr. STANTON. I suppose so. There will
be a general deficiency in the appropriation for
the pay of the Army. It will not be the brevet
pay that will be stricken off, but there will be an
aggregate deficiency.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to make one sin-
gle remark to the gentlem'an from Ohio. There
is now upon the Speaker's table a bill winch has
passed the Senate unanimously, and which this
House could take up and pass immediately, that
"would destioy the whole force of the ui«umcnt ;
which he advances upon the subjectof reductions I
in the face of existing laws.
Mr. STANTON. J so understand ; but the hill
contains other provisions; and 1 take it for granted 1
that it eannot pass this session. If it does, why,
as a matter of eouise, the brevet pay will not be ,
allowed; the officers will not be entitled to it,and
the money will not be paid. If it does not pass,
and we strike out this appropriation, a deficiency ■
will be created, which the next Congress will have .
to supply. ,
The amendment of Mr. Hughes was rejected. \
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to \
diminish the amount one dollar. 1 do so for the ]
purpose of saying that my experience and observ- j
ation in the Army incline me to cut off the pay ;
and emoluments of brevet rank. In my opinion,
the brevet rank ought only to be worn as a badge ,
of honor; because, otherwise, it has the strongest I
tendency, practically, to disturb the relations |
which should exist between officers of the same i
arm of service. It caTi be made, m the sen ice, a :
means of favoritism that is very obnoxious. As ;j
thus: you aio going to send on an expedition of ;
actual service <x squadron of cavalry, and you ,|
want to give the command of it to a junior officer
of the squadron; you attach to it a section of
artillery—three pieces—and you give the junior
officer brevet rank, which gives him command of
the whole expedition over the head of the senior
captain of his own squadron.
Mr. HUGHES, 1 desire to propound a^ues-
tion to thegentleman. I would like to ask if this
very process that the gentleman from Kentucky
has described is not the means of enabling the
Secretary of War, or the commanding general,
to put the command, of the troops into the hands
of the most efficient officers, passing over the
superannuated and senior officers? And I would
ask him further, if there is any instance in the
history of the country in which brevet rank has
been conferred except for meritorious services ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man's question requires of me an answer that
would be entirely too pointed to the officers of the
Army. I should not like to discriminate; and
should not like to advance, in this place, my opin-
ion, especially when called upon to do it in an in-
dividual case. But, sir, let me say to the gentle-
man from Indiana, that there are officers in the
American Army who won their brevet rank in the
Mexican war, who were never outside of the city
of Washington during that war. I do not doubt
that their service in the department in which they
were employed was of great merit. I am not dis-
posed to detract from it. But I am telling the
House what is the piactical working of this thing
in the field. I have no objection to gallant ser-
vice being- re wauled with these badges of merit.
[Here the hummer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We are spend-
ing a good deal of time over a very small matter.
The gentleman from Virginia, who moves to re-
duce the appropriation, tells you that it will be
perfectly inoperative unless you pass the bill
which is upon the Speaker's table; for by dimin-
ishing this appropriation you do not repeal the
law under winch compensation is made to offi-
cers for service according to their brevet lank.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I understand that an officer who
has been breveted does not receive the pay of
his brevet rank unless he is detailed upon service
that corresponds with that rank. Now, if we
strike from the bill that portion of this appropri-
ation which is intended to meet the brevet pay,
will it not be an instruction to the War Depart-
ment, not to detail oilicers unnecessarily to ser-
vice according to their bre\et commissions?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I entirely concur
with the gentleman that it would operate as no in-
structions to the Secretary of "War, one way or
the other. Undoubtedly, if this appropriation is
reduced $13,000, there will be sufficient left to
pay the men, and to pay the officers, including
those officers who draw their pay under brevet
rank. I concur in what has been said by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshal*.,J that
the brevet commission is one which should only
confer honor, and not pay. When a bill was be-
fore the House in the last Congress, proposing
to increase the pay of officers of the Army, I
then desned the gentleman having charge of the
subject, as a member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to give me permission to offer some
amendments to that bill, among which was one
to strike out the provision for increasing the
compensation of officers by brevet. I did not ob-
tain the consent of the Committee on Military
Affairs to permit me to have those amendments
presented. I therefoie say that, upon this sub-
ject, as well as upon the other amendments the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] indi-
cates he will offer, I prefei, in order to expedite
the business of this committee, to allow these
amendments to be adopted, concurring with him
that they will be utterly ineffectual unless the bill
abolishing the additional pay for brevet rank shall
be passed by the House.
Mi. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, by unani-
mous consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BON11AM. I move to amend by adding
$100 to the appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, this clause, as has been cor-
rectly observed by some of the members who
have discussed the question, does not involve the
brevet pay at all. But, sir, I desire to say a word
m addition to what I have already said, in re-
sponse to the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, [Mr. Faulkner,] in respect to this
amendment and other amendments, which that
gentleman has indicated his purpose to offer.
The gentleman from Illinois has correctly re-
marked upon this subject, that the responsibility
which may be imposed upon those officers who
hold brevet rank ought to entitle them to the pay
incident to that rank. But my object now is to call
the attention of this committee to this fact. These
officers are breveted generally for gallant ser-
vices and for meritorious conduct. They are gen-
erally men of great energy and enterprise. They
are men who have done service on the frontier,
and are the very men we want for efficient service
to be sent three hundred or six hundied miles
beyond the borders of civilization among the sav-
ages, or along the routes of travel to the Pacific.
These officers must have horses and must have
servants, according to their rank. Take, for in-
stance, a captain who has been breveted lieuten-
ant-colonel: he is compelled to have horses and
servants to correspond with his rank; and while
lie is in the line of his duty, it is necessary for
him to have his allowances as well as his pay.
At the places where these officers are stationed,
they extend hospitalities to civilians as well ns
officers, who may be passing their posts. It is
m accordance with the usages of the Army, and
therefore I say it is necessary that they should
have these allowances.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire simply to correct
the gentleman from South Carolina in the con-
struction which he gives to the amendment. It
does not touch the subject of allowances at all; it
does not touch horses, servants, or anything in
the shape of allowance, which, in the exercise of
his brevet rank, would be essential to the proper
discharge of his duties. It touches alone the
matter of pay, leaving allowances as regulated by
existing laws.
Mr. 130NHAM. I understand that to be the
effect of the amendment now before the commit-
tee; but if I did not misunderstand the gentleman,
it is his intention to follow up this amendment, if
it shall be adopted, hy others which will touch the
allowances to which I have referred.
Mr. CURTIS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, in
my judgment it is not the purpose of any member
of the Committee on Military Affairs to destroy
any of the great elements of military power; but,
sir, one of the great causes of expense in the
Army is this brevet rank. I am perfectly willing
that the Commander-in-Chief of the Army shall
be made an exception in cutting off the extra pay
of brevet officers; because I know that when Con-
gress gave him his commission as lieutenant gen-
eral, they expected he would receive his pay as
such; but that was not the expectation in com-
missioning those other officers of lower grade
by brevet. The very moment you bievet a cap-
tain to be lieutenant colonel, he is anxious to be
placed in command as lieutenant colonel, in order
that he may draw his pay as such, w^ichhe does
not do unless he is in actual service as such. It
is in consequence of the pressure of these brevet
officers for service, in part, that so many divis-
ions of the Army have been established. Here
you have the departmentof the West, the depart-
ment of Utah, the department of the South, and
the department of the East. What is the object
of multiplying these departments of the Army,
unless it is to give the men who hold brevet rank
the position and pay in the Army of the United
States which they could not otherwise receive.
In my opinion, this thing has been extended
too far; and it is with a view of plucing a check
upon the conduct of the Executive that we have
been willing to cutdowp these estimates, to show
that we do not approve of this extravagance m
the arrangement of the Army of the United States
for the accommodation of these brevet officers.
I would not touch a hair of the head of the Com-
mander-in-Chief. I am willing that his brevet
rank shall carry the pay with it; but it was never
expected that the matter of the expense conse-
quent on brevettmg officers of the lower grades of
the Army should be earned to the extent it has
been for the last few years. I am, therefore, m
favor of curtailing the estimates which have been
sent to us, for the purpose of showing the Admin-
istrating that we do not approve the extravagance
which we have seen in the management of our
Army in this respect.
