THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1858.
New Series....No. 4.
refers is No. 85, and the other No. 104. The bill
which I move to take up is No. 65. I do not wish
to tntrude this question upon the Senate, but cer-
tamiy it is one that requires the consideration of
tins body. The Senator is mistaken in supposing
that it was discussed at large during the List ses-
sion. It will probably be discussed at this session,
if it be taken up, and I hope no collateral question
will be allowed to interfere with it. I shall prob-
ably sustain the measures of the Senator from
Louisiana; but 1 desire the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of this bill, if they mean to
pass a Pacific railroad bill during the session. Let
them at least proceed to its consideration; do not
postpone it by a side blow,and give it the go-by.
Xhis is an eaily period of the session, and we can
now proceed to consider it without any injury to
other public interests. I hope my motion will
prevail.
Mr. SLIDELL. On that motion, I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that a rail-
road cannot be made from the waters of the At-
lantic to the Pacific ocean without the expenditure
of a great deal of money—a very large sum of
money, counting probably by hundreds of mil-
lions, certainly by fifties of millions. Now, I
submit to the honorable Senator from California,
witii that very laudable desire which actuates him
to brms his State into communication with the
Atlantic States, whether it would be expedient to
press such a measure at this session? We have
been admonished by the condition of the Treas-
ury that it will be indispensably necessary to cut
down the expenditures of this Government, as
far as practicable at this session, unless we are j
disposed to go into the ruinous policy of mcreas- i
ing the taxes, when there is every probability :
that within a year or two more we shall have
again a redundant Treasury. 1 had hoped that t
Senators were prepared on all hands to unite in ;
cutting down the existing expenditures as far as !
practicable, and to accommodate themselves to a
diminishing revenue. Amongst otiiei consider-
ations, if this measure should possibly be passed '
at this session, it would involve us in what I ■
should consider a system of ruinous taxation on j
the people ;n order to pioduce the money.^ ;
Mr. GW1N. That is the very question on ■
which i join i^suewiih theSenator h'om \ irginia.
I wish to reply to him on that point. I.can dem- :
onstrate, i shitik, that the Senator is entirely mis- !
taken. 1 am prepared to do so, and that is the
reason why 1 wish the subject considered before
the Senate now. I am prepared to show. I think, >
to the Senate and the country, and I hone to the ;
satisfaction of the Senator hiinseli', that the bill .
proposed will not lequue this enormous expend-
iture of the public money. That is the very rea-
son why I wish it brought up so as to enable the ;
fnends of the measure to answer those objections
which were urged at the last session; and 1 am
prepared, as it is my duty as chairman of the com-
mittee that reported this bill, to go into tne tirgu-
suent to meet the assertions of the Senator. That
is the reason why I wish it brought up at this
early period of the session.
'file question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays IS; as follows:
yp \-- 't: r:'. Bell, iiigler. Bright. J3rn,Jenck.
j(.11, l h;aeil''r1 CItU, iis.vun, O.iuiitlle. iUnkee,
i'lleli. Fiupe.riek, V"Ot, Foster, Gseen. Gwiri. tlnrlau,
He^en, Joini-un o! 'j'rnm'^ee, Kenneth". Kuiit.
I'.ilk, Kiee, !5ewai.!. SlnuM-. Stu'dit, Tiuiutonll, ami YV'.m!
- ,.o.
A.U'S-ilo.-n. Alien. Bate-*. ISuiinmm. Brown, t'lms-
m.u:, t'eiwinei, t'litn-iuien. S'V^e'ideii. li.tinhn, Ham-
riei'nl. [iill'lei. M.wui. lli'iil, cWi.lslua. Slulell, Toombs, ;
%V ,,!■ , and Wn.-ou—Is. !
riu the motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of she
bill «;S. No. iSo) to authorize the Present of the
United Suuua to conuaet tor the transportation
nf the maiN, troops, seamen. munitions of war,
-■iod nil other Government service, by railroad ?
from the Missouri river to San Francisco, in the
State of California.
Mr, CxWIIN. Mr. President, as chairman of
the select committee which matured this bill and
instructed me to report it to the Senate, I am called
upon to open this discussion and invoke the grave
and earnest deliberation of this body in its action
upon a question so replete with the most vital
interest to the Confederacy. In again pressing
this measure to, as I hope, a final and successful
vote, 1 claim the indulgent far of the Senate for
, the manner in which ii presents itself, as well as
j by the peculiar relations I hold to it.
j This is the first Congress that has assembled
1 since the great presidential contest of 1856. Three
j parties contended, m that memorable struggle, for
| the control of the political destinies of this eoun-
| try.
; The Democratic party, represented in national
j convention at Cincinnati, in June, 1S56, adopted
, the following resolution:
1 •• Re^nlrptl, Th.ir, tht1 Democratic paity recognizes the
f gieat unpoitunce, m a political and comnieiual point of
j view, of a tafc and speeds communication tinough our own
; te.nioiy between the Atlantic and Puemc c-«ut< of" the
, Union, arid that it i•> fho duiv or' the Federal Go vermuth ito
e.\eici<e all us constitutional powei :o the attainment of
j thar object, thereby binding the Union of the-w; c?utc  in
: indissoluble bond-, and ripening to tne noli eoi iineice of
; Atria an oveiiand transit Aom the Pacific to the iUi^i&Mppi
aver and the great lake* of the nojiti."
The Republican party also met in convention
in June, 1&36", m Philadelphia, and passed the
following resolution:
'•Resolved, Tiiat a railroad to tin Pacific oeeau, by the
muct centra! and piaotioal lojty.it, impel.Uiv<-1\ di'nn ided
by the lnteie.-ts. oi the whole counts \. and mat the f- cdetal
Government oii'iht to lender unim-d'ate and e'hejent niii 112
iti! coiistiucii').!. and, a-- an au.v.lMn then to, the luii'i-'duite
eonstinotion of an eimsjiant route on the line of the uil-
road."
The presidential nominees pledged themselves
to the policy of building a railroad connecting our
Atlantic and Pacific possessions with the a>d of
the General Government. I wiU not detain the
Senate by reading the letters of the defeated can-
didates of the Republican and Amencan pamcs,
but i will read that of the piesent Chief Aiasris-
; trate, as a bnef, but one of the most powerful
, arguments in favor of this groat measuie, that
has ever been penned:
Wh^ati.avd, Scplcnhsr 17. 18.73.
Sir* I have received ntnnerou-; ooiunuunc\uioii.> fioni
sources in Cah'oiiiia entitled tu lu^h ie^aid in lt-teienvo to
1 lie piup-itcd unhoad. A.-? it w-<uhi b.; i!iipo---U'ie u-i i.ic to
answer mom all. J deem it must propel and te-pecuul to
addie^ \uu <1 general answei m joui otfienil cajiacih In
peifuiimim this duty to th1' einzens of v\thiu. uia, i act in
perfect conji>t«;ncy an the i-Glf-iniposi-d i.'^tri^hon e ni-
t,lined in tnv letter accepting tiie uonnnutio;! sa the ^resi-
dency,not to answei inteiiOi!,itoi!M> jailing sic wand atner-
ent issues fiorn tiio>e piesented b> tiit. Cincinnati eoinen-
tu>n. because that conv«'ni ion has itsc-il adojited a retoiutioii
m lavot oi this gteat woik.
I then desire to state briefly, that, conciming with the
convention. I am decidedly favosabio to the e«maii si'Hion of
the Panne 'uiiioad, and 1 den\e the aufio.uv to do this
tuna the con-dinitional powei "to deelaie wai.'" ana the
eouftitutionuldutv "to it-pel a-ion-,.'' In my jUi.^nient,
CongiOj-.-5 poss(^e^ the same pov..>r to rn.tke apptopiiation-s
lor the construction of thif load, stsictH th>' putpo^e oE
nnttonai deh'ii>e, that it lias to erect iorulk"<aio;ib at tae
ntoutli or the liaitur of San Francisco. inJceJ, the m-te.—
t-ntv. with a view t<  rep"! foreign invasion Uoni C diiouua,
is n< gieaf m the one oa-e a^ tiie other. Nuttier will there
be* danirer liom the piecodfiit. K'i it 1 * ainio?t iiiipot.Mbie to
conoene that an% i'a.*,j. attended b\ stieh <*xtraoia.!iaii Hid
unpieeedeiued eireimi.-tance=. can ev-.L an.un ocem m oiu
ll^ toi v. t _ . , .
Yours, veiy rc-p^ctfuil}, J1A.N \.n.
To B. F. Wash.'nu ion". Chumnsri State
Centiai Ccuxmdtee, ('a'.'joj>n:.
The President did not stop re.--? in 'ils advo-
cacy t'f Government aid in th^ cons'rnetion
this great work, in his inaugural ed ire.?s, after
referring to the constitutional authopty which ne
makes so clear that no man can successfully com-
bat n, he says:
'• Now. how is it possible to air'oid Jhw pnifvtion to Cal-
ifornia and our Pacific po^ession-. except b\ means or a
niil'tan load tinough the Tenitono>-* o-' l-eitec ^tite-;,
ovtr which men ami muniaous of war may be sp^edilv
tran^poited tiom the Atlantic States 10 meet and rep^i the
mvader:"
And adds:
" It mislu also be wise to con&ider whether tiie love for
'; the Union which now animates our fellow-citizens oa the
} Pacific coast, may not be impaired by our neglect or refusal
>1 to provide for them, in their remote and isolated condition,
i i the only means by which the power of the States on this
j: side of the Rocky Mountains can reach them in sufficient
;i time to protcct them against invasion."
|| He further enlarged on this pledge to the nation
, in Ins inaugural address, in the following emphatic
|j language, in his first message to Congress:
11 " Long experience lias deeply convinced me that a strict
: construction of the poweis granted to Congress is the only
tiuc, as well as the only safe, theory of the Constitution,
j Whilst this principle shall guide my public conducr, E con-
sider it clear that under the war-making power Congress
, may appropriate money for the construction of a military
1' road thiough the Terntories of the United States, when tins
(j j-: absolutely nece-f&aiy for tiie defense of any of the States
ii a2ain«t loreign mvaMun. The Constitution has conferred
' t upon Congress power 4 to declare war,' 1 to raise and sup-
• ! pott aimiess,' ; to provide and maintain a navy,' and to call
:1 foitn the nnhtia to 4 repel invasions.' These high sovereign
I powers necessarily involve important and ressponsible pub-
'i lie dutie<. and arnon^ theiri there i< none so sacred and so
1 imperative as that of preserving our soil from the invasion
of a foreign en.'my. The Con.-titinion has, therefore, left
i nothing oh this point to construction, but expiest>iyrequiies
) that 'the tinned Stales thai! piotecteach of them [the
! States] against invasion.5 Now, if a mihtaiy road over our
,1 own 'J'erritone.s be indispensably necessary to enable us to
, meet ai'd repel the invader, it follows as a necessary con-
! serjuenci? not only that w . po&sess the power, but it is our
lmju'iative duty to construct such a road Tt would be an
i ab-uiditv to mve?t a Government with the unlimited power
to make and conduct a wai, and at the i-ame time deny to
; it tiie only means of icaching and deieatmg the enemy at
' iht* trontier. Without such a load it is quite evident we
' cannot ; protect5 C.ddbrma and our Pacific possesions
' ' agaitr4 invasion ' We cannot, by any other means, trans-
po« t men and munitious of war from the Atlantic States in
stiifieicnt tiuic successful!) to defend these remote and dis-
. ■ taut pornons 01 the Republic.
j '•'Exj)tjn<'nee has pjoved that the loutes across the isth-
, mu- 01 Ceuitial Amenea are at best but a verv uncertain and
: uniehabie mode ot communication. But even if this were
not the e<u-e. tncy would at once be closcd against us 111 the
: < vent of a wai with a naval Power sjo much Ptrongei than
! oui own as to enable it to blockade the ports at either end
, of these loute-j. After all, therefore, we can only icly upon
'j a nnhtai} load tint,ugil oui own Teruiorie& •, and evei since
" tnc ongm of the Government. Coiigu^s has been in the
practice of appiopuatina money from the public Treasury
j toi the consfi action of such roads.
, j 4 The ditfieulties and the expense of constructing a mili-
' j taiy i.nhoad lu eonncetoui Atlantic and Pacific StatW have
j been gteaiiy exagjfetated. The distance on the Auzona
• | route, near the thirty-second paiallel of north latitude, be-
; tw ecu the we -tein "boundary of Texas, on the Rio Giande,
1 and the eastern boundaiy of Caiitbmia, on theColoiado,
! fioui the be-t ecploiation^ now witiunon. knowledge, does
1 not exceed f<>ui jiuinhed and seventy naie^, and the la'-e of
'• tue eountr\ 1^. m the main, favorable, l^oi obvious rea-
M)n-. the Government ou;rhl not to undertake tiiewoik
itsoii. by means ot it& o\v)i"a^ont>. Thia ou«iht ur be cotn-
: muted to othei a^eneie.-, svlueh Congiess might a >ist. either
by grant- of land or montv.or by both,upon such terms and
1 condition- a^ they m 15 deem mo-t beneficial for the coun-
try. Piovisnm Kiiibt thus be made not onl> ior the safe,
rapid, and eeonoimcai transpoi tation of troops «nd*muni-
1 lions of war, but also oftV public maiK The commercial
: interest- of the whole country, both ea=t and west, would
! bo at eaily piomoted by ?ueh a toad ; and, above all.n would
, he a powei ful additional bond of union. And although ad-
' \amagea of this kind, whethet postal. coimneseial. or poht-
> ier.1, cannot confer constitutional power, ^tt they : 1 iv fur-
■ ni-h nuxiharv aiauments m fave.r of evped'ting a work
wincli. in mvVidirinent.is clearly embraced within the war-
iiKikinci powei.
•• roi the-e ioaoons I commcnd to the fnemi'y consider-
' afoM of Congie-v the subject of the Pacific r'li'roa^, With-
out :iu,illy coimnutmg myself to any paitiouiar route.''
: His ivcent message goes even further than his
' previous declarations in favor of this great nieas-
u re.
I have been thus particular in bunging1 before
the Senate the solemn pledges of the Democratic
: rhitional convention and the Democratic Presi-
ded, in favor of the construction of this  reat
national highway, because tins body contains a
Ir.r^e majority of'the members of that party. Hue
when 1 '00k round this Chamber, I see no mem-
ber of the Senate who was not an earnest advo-
cate of one of the three nominees for the Presi-
dency in 1856, who did not then, and who does
nor now. profess allegiance to tiie parties which
con'endeJ for supremacy m that content, and
whose party fealty, if not official honor, doe^ not
rcmsre at least his earnest consideration of this
1 miporiiivit measure. On tins side of tiie Chamber,
■ among my Democratic associates, I see the men
, who led the columns of the Democracy in this
> last gieat contest in the popular forum, and I can-
not but entertain the hope that, by their efdeient
