1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IISS
him in command of a station, rather than on horse-
back in command of a moving detachment ? Or
is it not the fault, again, of those at the other end
- of the avenue ? If those who have the control of
the Government cannot put strong men at the
head of the Departments, who can manage and
control the military arm of the service, why are
we called upon to break up a system which, in
itself, is not evil? The evil is in the Administra-
tion, and not in the law. It is because personal
interests are consulted, instead of the necessities
of the country. It is because individuals are al-
lowed to persuade, instead of being required to
obey. It is because there is a disposition prevail-
ing in the Departments to favor gentlemen of an-
tique years—men who are incompetent for the
rough service of the field, and who yet wish the
pay of high position. I say the remedy is, leave
the law as it is, and place men in office who can
do their duty. Do that, and you need no reform
of the kind proposed here, and with incompetency
at the head, no reform can be effected anywhere.
'Mr. HUGHES. I undertake to say that no
material retrenchment or saving of money can
take place in a reduction of the pay or allowances
of the officers or men of the Army. I believe if
there is any profuse expenditure in the Army at
all, it is in the quartermaster's and commissary's
departments. I am opposed to striking out the
allowances or pay of officers or men, because I
do not believe that either the one or the other get
more than they are entitled to, and 1 believe that
in many cases they do not get enough.
Now, when it is asserted here that the fault of
the multiplication of permanent military depots
lies at the other end of the avenue, it is a mistake.
There can be no such thing as the establishment
of a permanent military depot without a purchase
of property and the erection of public buildings;
and neither of these can be done without the au-
thority of Congress. I do not know, and I do not
admit, that there has been extravagance m the
establishment of permanent military posts;butif
there has been, one thing is perfectly clear, that
the fault lies with Congress, and not with the
Executive, the Secretary, or the commanding
officer.
Now, to come to the question immediately be-
fore the committee-, with regard to the taking
away of extra rations allowed to officers in com-
mand of posts. Certain duties and expenses of
hospitality are imposed on these commanding of-
ficers; and these allowances'are made to them to
meet the calls on their purse for that purpose.
The thing is right in itself. If a man's expenses
are increased in consequence of the public duties
imposed upon him, the Government ought to fur-
nish him with means to meet those expenses.
I deny, sir, that there has been any unnecessary
multiplication of military posts; and I wish to call
the attention of the committee to the inaccuracy
of the remarks of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Piielps] upon that point. He talks about
recruiting posts at Detroit, at Buffalo, at Colum-
bus, Ohio, and at other places; and he asks why
not keep them there, and abolish those at New-
port, 'Kentucky, and other places. Now, sir,
those posts at Buffalo and Detroit and Columbus
are only temporary ones at places where recruits
are to be had; but the depots at Newport and
elsewhere are fora different purpose. The troops
enlisted at the various recruiting stations are col-
lected there, drilled and classified and equipped
and sent off to join their regiments at the differ-
ent posts on the frontiers. The recruiting stations
are scattered all over the country; and it would be
impossible in all cases to drill, clothe, and equip
the men there, and send them direct to the dis-
tant frontier posts, These %re all matters of detail,
which are much more within the province of the
Secretary of War and the commanding general
than of Congress.
I call the attention of the committee to one
radical error in all these attempted reforms. The
whole military system is based upon the one-man
power. You cannot send a legislative council
into the field to control the action of the com-
manding general or the Secretary of War. A
large discretionary power must be left to the mili-
tary department, from the very nature of the du-
ties it lias to perform. Hedge round a militaiy
commander with legislative restrictions; send him
a council of civilians to control his movements,
ami you will introduce that imbecility, indecision,
and inefficiency into the military system that will
utterly defeat it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, by adding
to it the following:
And the amount of $60,000, which is deducted from the
amount estimated for commutation and for subsistence,
shall be deducted from the extra rations allowed to com-
mandants of military posts.
Mr. Chairman, I apprehend that if the commit-
tee is disposed to adopt the amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs, this amendment
should be agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Does not this amendment propose
to repeal existing laws, or to suspend the execu-
tion of them ? I could not hear the amendment
distinctly.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. Undoubtedly, if
we have a right to refuse to appropriate for any
particular department of the public service, we |
have a right to designate in what particular ]
branch of service the appropriations shall be re- ;
duced.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I heard the amend-
ment indistinctly, and supposed that it proposed
to change existing laws. I therefore propounded
the inquiry to the gentleman. I did not under-
stand the nature of the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. The difficulty in regard to
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs is, that after all it rests in the
discretion of the Department whether the reduc-
tion shall be made in the precise item of expendi-
ture that they contemplate, or not. They may
make this reduction in some other part of the ser-
vice, and not in the extra rations of commandants
of military posts; and if they do that, they will
defeat the very object that the Military Commit-
tee and the House will have in view in making
the reduction. If the appropriation is reduced,
it will be because it is believed that there is no
reason why a gentleman who happens to be in
command of a military post should have extra
rations beyond what are allowed to others not in
such command. If he needs it for the entertain-
ment of his friends, that is a matter in which he
can exercise his own discretion, and which must
be dependent on his means. I do not propose to
furnish him with the means of extensive hospi-
talities. I propose to place officers of the same
grade on the same footing, and allow them the
same rations; so that there will be no motive or
inducement on the part of officers to bring innu- j
ences to bear upon the Department to multiply ,
military posts, with a view to increased rations i
for officers. . j
Mr. Chairman, while I recogmze.the truth ot ti-
the proposition of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] to a very considerable extent, that ^
really no very essential reforms can be made ex-
cept by the heads of the Executive Departments,
'   *  i    U„ ovtont fiT
 Mr. BONHAM. It strikes out brevet officers
as well those who have the full rank. ,1 oppose
the amendment for the reasons I have before
stated. Congress, in 3842, attached these doable
rations. The expenses of officers are today fas
greater than they were theo. -So impressed was
Congress with that fact, that it raised the,pay of
every officer of the Army. I have hoard no com-
plaint, from any quarter of the country, because of
that change. So far as reduction of expenditures
is concerned, I will go with gentlemen for the
reduction of all expenditures which can, with pro*
priety, be diminished. I will vote to reduce the
appropriation of $100,000 for barracks, many of
which are abandoned after a year's use. Tirst,
is, with others, believed to be excessive, and I; will
go for its reduction. There is no law fixing it. "
Mr. BRANCH. Are these rations allowed by
law, or only fixed by the Army regulations?
Mr. FAULKNER. There is a law of Con-
gress allowing these extra rations; and the bill
from the Senate, now upon the Speaker's. tjbl«,
is to repeal that law. 1 accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] as
it embodies my idea, and explains the object and
purpose of my proposed reduction.
Mr, BRANCH. I move to increase the ap-
propriation $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt that it is proper
in many cases th£t these double rations should be
allowed to commanders of posts. The Army reg-
ulations specify who are entitled to them. I have
no doubt that, at head-quarters of divisions, at
the head-quarters of commanding generals, there
ought to be an extra allowance to cover the ex-
pense of hospitality, and other expenses incum-
bent upon a commanding officer, in consequence
of his position. But, sir, I cannot understand
what reason there can be for an officer stationed
amid the gorges of the Rocky Mountains, or upon
the head-waters of your interior rivers, dispensing
hospitality. Who passes his post? What civil-
ized men are ever at such posts to call for the hos-
pitality of the commanding officer?
Mr. HUGHES. These extra rations are some-
times commuted in money; and in the gorges of
the Rocky Mountains the price of provisions is
so high that it will take all to support the officer
himself.
Mr. BRANCH. I will ask the gentleman a
question right here, as he seems to be well-in-
formed on this subject. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether the Government does not trans-
port provisions to these posts, and sell them to
the officers at the price they command.in the set'
tied portions of the country, without adding in
the cost of transportation ?
Mr. HUGHES. The Government furnishes
provisions, such as pickled pork and hard bread;
and if an officer chooses to draw his rations in
kind, that is what he gets. But the officers take
the money and buy something a little more pal-
atable, as the gentleman would probaby do him-
self.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman has not an-
I asked him whether the
vet I am not willing to go to the whole extent of i] swered my question. I asked him whether the
Javin°- that we must vote whatever appropriations ,| Government does not transport provisions to
the Departments may demand. I hold that there these distant posts, and then sell them to the offi-
i« n ilntv incumbent upon Congress to withhold, h cers without adding in the cost of transpoitation.
ls,a. nnnronriations i! Mr. HUGHES. They sell such provisions
wherever they can, discretionary appropriations
which may be increased or diminished at the >j
pleasure of the Executive Departments; and that ij
we have power to limit the abuses of profligate ,j
and unnecessary expenditures by the Depart- n
ments. , !i
Now, I do not believe at all that there is any
necessity for the one hundred and seven mili-
tary posts that have been established within the
last ten years. Barracks and other public bund-
in°*s have been erected, at a cost of hundreds ot
thousands of dollars, and occupied for five or ten
years, and then abandoned and sold tor not one
tenth of what they have cost. This, sir, is a very
necessary and proper reform, and 1 do not think I
Mr. HUGHES. They sell such provisions
as they have, but they only furnish provisions of
the coarsest description.
Mr. BRANCH. What prices do they charge
for them? Is it the price that it^ costs the Gov-
ernment at the post, or the price before the trans-
portation ? , .
Mr. HUGHES. During last winter, salt m
Utah was six dollars per bushel, and corn f°«rj
teen dollars. The officers had to buy them with
money out of their own pockets. The Govern-
ment did not furnish them.
Mr BRANCH. I will resume my remarks.
I have no desire to cut down any just and proper
allowances for the officers of the Army. When-
ever they are in situations which induce calls
that there will be a necessity for supplying any ;; «=,«, ^ ^y^Howances should be made
deficiency at the next sessionof Congress. .Hrust ;  P^,r whttt caU can be made
i upon the hospitality of an officer commanding a
post in the interior of the continent, and oil the
line of travel to California, where he never sees
the face of a white man from year'send to year s
end, except the men of his command. There is
no necessity for allowances to such men, who are
surrounded with Indiansand buffalo and "wolves.
that the next Congress will do no such thing.
■ Mr BONHAM. I am opposed to the amend-
! ment." It refers to double rations for the very
1 officers whose brevet pay was proposed to be
1 affected. I understand that to be the object of the
! committee. , ,, „
j Mr. CURTIS. It is not only to strike them
1 out.
