1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise, Mr. Chair-
man, not for the purpose of making any extended
remarks, but simply to protest against any meas-
ure of compensation being founded on the claims
of hospitality. That depends so much on posi-
tion and disposition, that it is certainly an unsafe
rule by which to measure out what we ought
justly to pay for that branch of the public service.
And I confess that I was not a Utile surprised to
hear the usually accurate gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Branch] talk of allowing officers
compensation, because of their obligations to prac-
tice hospitality. Now, what is the measure of
compensation that the public service justly de-
mands, without any reference to natural consid-
erations, which are as vague as human concep-
tions? That is the question. It does seem to me,
unquestionably, that at this time, wherever we
can make a reduction of the public charges, we
ought to do so. tt is enough for rac to know that
gentlemen who have given this subject examma-
tion/avor the cutting down of these charges to
induce me to vote with them. I advert to this
without any purpose of extending my remarks,
and merely oppose the amendment of .the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I move to
amend by striking out " fifty-seven" in the fif-
teenth line. There is a desire #xpressed on all
sides of the House, Mr. Chairman, for reform
and retrenchment in the Government expendi-
tures. I sympathize in this desire. I think,
however, that the worst place to attempt any re-
form is in these appropriation hills. The law re-
quires these appropriations of money to be made,
in most instances. Wherever this House has
any discretion, it should exercise that discretion
in favor of economy and retrenchment. But
your laws ate contracts, and you nre bound by
these laws, as moo of honor and mu-grity, to ex-
ecute your contracts The Committee of Ways
and Means is bound by law to report these bills
to the House,and to recommend appropriations.
Now, if you want to make permanent reforms
and reductions, change your laws. Let the ma-
jority of this House, which lias the control of
committees—the committees having control of
legislation—report a bill looking to a permanent
and beneficial reform, and we, on this side of the
House, will vote for it. Reduce your Army fiom
seventeen or eighteen thousand men to eight or
lime thousand men; and those whom you retain
in the public service, pay liberally and fairly. In
this manru-r you can accomplish reform; but this
striking out of appiopnations where the law re-
quires you to make them, is but a postponement
of payment; is but a dereliction of duty; is but
evading the obligations which the law imposes
on this House.
Now, we have taken up a good deal of time in
motions to sti ike out appiopnations which the
law compels us to make.
Mr. HOARD. 1 ask the gentlemen if lie is
going to vote for this appropriation bill ?
Mr. CLAUIC. 13. COCHRAN!^ No, sir.
Mr. HOARD. According to your own argu-
ment, you ate in duty hound to vote for it.
Mr. CLARK H COCHRANE. No, sir; not
by any means. Hut I am opposed to postponing
what must be done.
Mr. HOARD. You say it is our duty to vote
for the appioprintion bills.
Mr. CLARK D. COCHRANE. It is the duty
of those who carry on the Government.
Mr. HOARD. And of this House.
Mr. CLARK tt. COCHRANE. The majority
of the Hou^e is the House.
Mr. SMITI f, of Vugima. I ask the gentleman
if it is not the duty of every Representative of
the people to vote for proper appropilatum bills
when they are piesonted for his consideration?
This biil, I understand, is to carry out the law,
and nothing else.
Mr. DAWES. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia, that I, for one, would vote for such
a bill; hut I have not yet seen such a otic—a
proper appiopnation bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then let the gentle-
man make his motion to correct any impropriety
in U, else hens not ataithtul Representative. Let
him present a proper scheme and support it, or
else support that which is presented.
Mr. CLARKE. COCHRANE withdrew his
amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Faulkner's
amendment as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a cler-
ical mistake at line sixteen, page 2. It should
read $1,970,000, instead of $1,969)000. I move
that it be so amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out $1,840,000, and inserting $1,400,000; so
as to make the clause read:
For the icgular supplies ot* the quartermaster's riepuit-
ment, consisting of fuel for the officeis, enlisted men, guaui,
hospitals, storehouses, and offices ; ot forage, m kind, for
the horses, mules, and oxen, of the quartermaster's depart-
ment at the seveial posts and stations, and with the armies
in the field; forthnhoisesofthetwoiegiuicnts ofdiagoons,
the two regiments ol cavalry, the icgiment of mounted nfle-
meit, the com [fames of light aitilleiy, and such companies
of mfanny as may be mounted, and tor the authorized num-
ber of officers'horses when seivmg m the field and at the
outposts, including bedding foi tiie anunaN ; of >travv for
soldiers' bedding, and of* • tauonery, including blank-books
for the quaitmnasters department, ceitifieates for dis
chared soldieis, blank forms for the pay and quartermas-
ter's departments ' and for the printing of division and de-
paitment orders and imports, $1,400,000.
The reduction is intended to apply to the item
of forage.
It will be seen by the committee that the Quar-
termaster General estimates the forage for the
next fiscal year at $1,600,000. The committee
are of opinion that there is a much larger number
of animals under the control of the quartermaster's
department than there should be. Jt is somewhat
difficult, from these repoitsof the Quartermaster
General to ascertain the precise number of ani-
mals now owned by the Government.- On page.
156 of the volume of estimates, the Gluarteunas-
ter states that the number of animals have been
increased from nine thousand one hundred to
thirteen thousand five hundred, which latter num-
ber, he says, cannot be reduced, if the operations
in New Mexico, Oregon, and Washington, con-
tinue upon their then present scales. That com-
munication bears date the 25th of October, 1858.
Cotemporaneous with that, of the same date,
is a note appended by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to the item of $1,600,000 for forage; in which
he says that the estimate for the present fiscal
year was for twelve thousand five hundred and
thuty-threp; and the estimate for the next fiscal
year is for sixteen thousand nine hundred and lit ty-
seven, horses, mules, anil oxen, being for an in-
crease of four thousand four hundred and twenty-
four animals. Doubtless this discrepancy is the
result of some accident or madvei tence, which
might be easily explained. But it is the opinion
of the Committee on Military Affairs that the
number of animals now employed in the trans-
portation service of the Government is too large,
and that they ought to be reduced in number.
It is also manifest, from an examination of
General Jesup's reports, that he predicates this in-
crease of animals upon the existence and continu-
ance of Indian hostilities in Oregon, Washington,
and New Mexico. But inasmuch as all these dis-
turbances have been brought to a peaceable term-
ination, and there is no present prospect of their
renewal, the committee came to the conclusion
that there was no propriety in making provision
for this anticipated increase of animals duringthe
next fiscal year. We have, therefore, decided to
recommend a reduction on that item of $400,000,
it being at the late of about one hundred dollars
to each animal reduced in number.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. While I must
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, j>ro/oma, 1 do not really intend to resist
H; but I desire to make an explanation, which is
due to the Quartermaster General. In the trans-
cribing of his report, as published with the an-
nual estimates, a mistake was made. The num-
ber of animals in the Quartermaster Department,
upon which this estimate of ^1,660,000 is based,
is correctly stated in the note oil page 160. The
Quartermaster General informs you that if the
usual amount of forage should be "furnished to the
animals in lus department, it would require a
larger sum than he has estimated; but he expects
that at the military posts, where a large number
of these animals are located, they can, during a
portion of the year, be subsisted* on glass. In
consequence of the cessation of hostilities in
Washington, Utah, and New Mexico,it is prob-
able that the reduction recommended by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs can be made m this
item, and I shall make no opposition to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the following paragraph
of the bill:
"For the incidental expenses of the quartei master's depart-
ment, consisting of postage on letters and packets received
and sent by officers of the Armv on public service; expenses
of courts-martial and courts ot' inquuy, including the addi-
tional compensation of judge advocates, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service, under the act of
March 16, 18o2; extra pay to soldier? employed undei the
direction of the quartermaster's department, in the erection
of barracks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals; m the
construction of roads, and on other constant labor, for pe-
riods of not less than ten days, under the acts of Maicli 2,
1819, and August 4, 1854,including those employed as oleiks
at division and department headquarters ; expenses of ex-
presses to and from the frontier posts and armies in the
field ; of escorts to paymasters and other disbursing officers,
and to trains, where military escorts cannot be fui mshed ;
expense of the intcrmentof officers killed m action, or who
die when on duty in the field, or at posts on the frontier1',
and of non-commissioned officers and soldiers; authonzed
office furniture; hire of laborers in the quartei master's
depaitment, including the lure of interpieters, spie<<. and
guides for the Army; compensation of clerks of the officers
of the quartermaster's department: compensation of forage
and wagoninasters, authorized by the act of July 5, 1838;
foi the apprehension of deserteis. and the expenses inci-
dent to their pursuit; and lor the following expcndituies
icquued for the two regiments of dragoons, the two regi-
ments of cavaliv, the regiment of mounted riflemen, and
such companies of infantry as may be mountfd, namel) :
the pinch.ts-e of tiavehng forge, hlaekfnmhs, and shoeing
tools., hor^t? and mule shoos and nails, uon and slot I for
shoeing, line of veterinary surgeons, medicines for hoises
and ihuie-*, picket rope**, and for shoeing the hoises of the
coips named, {£500,000."
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out the words " picket ropes,"
in the seventy-seventh line. I am very glad to
see the disposition that is manifested in the House
to economize, and especially to economize in
small things. It is a maxim that we very early
learn, to " take care of the pence, and the pounds
will take care of themselves;" to save the drops
at the spigot, even though gallons are getting out
at the bung. We know that Doctor Fiaukhn, in
a work called, if I mistake not, "The Prompter,"
left us the lesson of practical wisdom that, for
want of a nail, the shoe was lost; for want of a
shoe, the horse was lost; for want of a horse, the
rider was lost; for he was overtaken by the en-
emy and slain; and all for want of a nail in a
horse-shoe ! I am glad to see gentlemen take an
interest in these small things. We had the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill here a
short tune ago, and were working at it for sev-
eral days, and 1 believe we got clear of the little
mission to Pet.sin. By a master-stroke of econ-
omy, we excluded the pine boxes from the legis-
lative appropriation bill. * 1 believe you, sir,
boxed the compass on that occasion. Thus we
saved the country a few dollars in one direction,
even if we lost twice as much, at the same time,
in another.
Mr. BURNETT, I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is notconiimnghisiemarksto his
amendment. We shall never get through with
this bill if this sort of discussion is indulged in.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is a great friend of economy, nnd i hope
he will not interrupt me. I was going to explain
the great importance of directing our attention to
these picket ropes. I suppose they are used to
' tie the horses of the dragoons and officers. Now,
j do not we all know that no such things are neces-
! sary ? Do our constituents ever use picket ropes ?
1 When you want to fasten your hoisc or hitch
: him, do you not use yout bridle rein, if you have
i one, if not, do you not get a strip of leatherwood
■ baik, or paw-paw, or a bit of grape vine, and
! why should not the di^igoons and officeis of the
: Army practice the same economy ?
! Now, I have no doubt that we might, by strik-
ing out this item, save to the Government a sum,
1 perhaps, as much as has been saved by some
other retrenchments that have been proposed and
, advocated. Then there is the item of " straw for
i soldiers' bedding;" if they were left to use leaves
; and hedge-grass to sleep on, should we not make
: another display of our economy ?
Now, Mi. Chairman, I am very glad to see
; this spirit of economy, especially in little matters.
, It is doing grt at things in a small way. We have
i had propositions here to cut off the extra pay of
■ soldiers for reenhstment, and many other things
' of equal dignity and importance; ami I have no
