1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
When we take into consideration the political,
commercial, and agricultural interest of the whole
country that will be benefited by the building of
this road, it is manifestand rank injustice to treat
it merely as a California question. A State ex-
porting an annual averagre of $60,000,000 of gold,
is second to none in this Union, in the advantages
jt gives us as a nation, in the commerce and ex-
changes of the world.
In proof of the assertion that California is a
burden upon the public Treasury, frequent refer-
ence is made to the aggregate amount of the ap-
propriations made by Congress, for what is styled
her benefit as compared with the receipts of her
custom-houses. The fallacy of the argument is
demonstrated by the mere statement of the fact
that the great States of the interior, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Ohio, Indiana,Illinois,and Missouri,
collect but little revenue from customs, while two
thirds of the whole revenue derived from this
sourcc is collected of the city of New York. The
oxportsfrom the cotton-growing States is the chief
foundation upon winch we rely for foreign impor-
tations, and fiom which the revenue derived from
customs is collected; and, whilst these duties are
uot collected in those States, tiiey claim that they
contribute at least their full proportion to the sup-
port of the Government. The gold-exporting
State of California can, with equal justice, make
the same claim. You import $50,000,000 of for-
eign goods more than you export of your own
products, exclusive of the precious metals; and
how do 3'ou pay for thenir In gold, California
gold. Withdraw it from your exports, and if you
did not diminish to the same extent yourunports,
you would become a national bankiupt.
During the fiscal year that ended on the 30th of
June, 1857, our imports amounted to $361,000,000,
and our exports to about §3fi3,000,000, of which
$60,000,000 was in gold com and bullion. In this
way California enabled you to pay for one sixth <
of the whole imports of the country, and conse- j
quently you are indebted to her for the means of j
biinging into the Treasury one sixth of the reve- !
nue from customs, independent of her paying i
directly at the custom-house in San Francisco
upwards of one million dollars. Thus, through
the instrumentality of California alone, the Gov-
ernment received from customs during that fiscal
year upwards of twelve and a half million dollars,
and the same pio rata will be exhibited by the
imports and exports of the last or any other fiscal
year. . !
Til is is looking at the question in a fiscal point ;
of view alone: but when her impoitance is esti-
mated m connection with every national interest,
leavin" out of view the Government revenues, it i
is impossible to estimate it. You see it every- .
where in the progress and improvement of the j
country. California has graded the tracks of your !
lailroads; she has tunneled your mountains; she j
has developed your coal and iron mines; she has j
enabled your merchants to build palaces in your ;
cities; and has made your ship-yaids and machine
shops resound with the busy hum of occupation.
Her trade has brought into existence the magnifi-
cent fleet of clipper ships which now bear the
moral piestige of your triumphant skill upon
every sea; and the rising rotunda of this Capitol
is a fit type, in its splendid proportions and unfin-
ished state, of the uncompleted prosperity which
she will yet pour into the lap of our common
country.
One of the most common arguments against
the Pacific railroad, is, that if it was built it would
not only pay no dividend upon the capital in-
vested, but that it would not pay the expenses of
keeping it ill running order. There is as little
truth in this argument as m most of the others
that aie urged against this great measure. I need
only lefcr to the single item of revenue from pas-
sengers to demonstrate its iailacy. An estimate
can be made of the travel between California and
the A ilantic States, from the fact that m one year,
more than one hundied thousand persons have
passed over the various routes, with an anual av-
erage of fiftv thousand, at a low estimate, for the
last nine years. The Senator who contemplates
without interest this great movement of our age,
and ictuses to aid in the construction ot a great
national highway for the accommodation of tins
vast emigration, misapprehends the iesponsibil-
ity of his position. And if any one supposes that
it will not be augmented in a vast ratio upon the
construction of a railroad, he is ignorant of the
history of the country for the last ten years. Dan-
ger and death stand sentinels upon all of these
lines of travel, and exact a mournful tribute. At
one time they appear in the form of Asiatic
cholera or contagious fever; and crowded steam-
ers lose a fearful proportion of their living freight.
Again they take the form of bloody riots, and
the brutal negro of Panama with impunity robs
and massacres our citizens. And when the em-
igrant selects the routes over the plains, and asks
the protection which he has a right to expect in
traveling through the territories which, by name
at least, belong to the United States, there the In-
dian preys upon his life in undisturbed security.
At the last session, I called the attention of the
Government to the massacre of one hundred and
eighteen emigrants, including in that number six-
ty-two women and children, whose bones are
now bleaching on the Mountain Meadows, while
their murderers go unwhipped of justice.
The windings and course of the great Pacific
emigrant routes can be traced by the bones of
those who have perished in their efforts to reach
its shores. Upon the surface of the earth be-
tween the Mississippi and the Sierra .Nevada
mountains, these evidences of mortality serve as
landmarks to the lone traveler; and if, in the vi-
cissitude of time, some great physical convulsion
should raise up the deep sunken bottoms of the
ocean, and lay them bare to the light of day, the
same unbroken chain of whitened bones that ex-
tends from the Mississippi westward, would de-
signate the fatal course of the steamships, into
which the neglect and inaction of the Govern-
ment still forces this apparently doomed emigra-
tion. But has it been stopped by these dreadful
tragedies, and the fearful perils that encompass
every route? No, sir. As I have said,it has aver-
aged annually for the last nine years fifty thou-
sand persons, and is kept at this low figure only
by the difficulties and dangers I have in part enu-
merated; and I believe this year it would have
reached one hundred thousand, but for the extor-
tion on the isthmus route, and the apprehended
war with the Mormons. The cause for the in-
creased desire for a change of locality this year
is to be found in the wide and desolating effects
of the financial storm which overwhelmed the
Atlantic and western States last year; in con- '
trast to which, the prosperity prevailing in Cali-
fornia makes it doubly attuictive.
If, notwithstanding the difficulties and dangers
I have enumerated, tens of thousands of erni-
o-rants annually go to California to make it their
. permanent home, who can estimate the increase
! in the number of emigrants when the Pacific
i railroad is constructed. Hut taking the estimate
j in other States of the increased travel produced j
! by the building of railroads, which at alow cal- j
S culation is as five to one, at this ratio, the in-
| creased domestic travel between the Pacific and
1 the Atlantic would amount to a quarter of a mil-
i lion persons annually. This estimate relates to
I our own people, without taking into considera-
! tion the fact, that the building of this road Would
i open the shortest and quickest route for Europe
i| to communicate with China, the East Indies, and
i Australia. How, then, can it be said that this
j road, when constructed, will not support itself,
1 and pay dividends on the capital invested,
i] When we consider the other domestic benefits
i', which this great measure will confer, nothing al-
;; ready suggested can diminish the importance of
: wtiat remains to he diNCusseu. The public do-
mam between the Mississippi and Pacific ocean,
! embiacing an area as great as that contained m
'i the thirty-two States of the Confederacy, is now
!' comparatively valueless, liuild a railroad through
i '• it, and every arable acre will be in demand: every
river-bottom and valley will have its settlement.
It would be difficult to estimate the addition to
' the wealth of the nation by the increase in the
value of the lands along the line of the road, now
valueless from being inaccessible to inaikets.
Railroads have increased ten-fold the value ot
lands in New England, JN"cw "York, tno North-
west, and in all the States whore they have been
constructed. For many years the prairies of Illi-
nois and Indiana were, for the want of the means
of transit, comparatively valueless; bu', as the
healthy circulation of commerce was given to
them by the building of railroads, they acquired
a value almost fabulous in comparison to that at
which they were previously estimated; and they
have become one of the great granaries of the
world. Look also at Massachusetts. The enter-
prise of that State has covered her barren soil
with a net of railroads, and her exhausted and
rocky lands command by the acre prices that
would purchase a quarter section of fertile lands
in those parts of the country distant from the
lines of water and railroad communication. By
means of her railroad policy, Boston enters into
successful competition with St. Louis, on the
Mississippi,with Cincinnati, on the Ohio,and even
with imperial New York, on the shores of Lake
Erie and on the banks of the Hudson. When
the assessment roll of a State without railroads
would show $50,000,000 as the value of real estate,
it may be safely estimated that a system of rail-
road communication would increase the price of
its lands four-fold; and thus the railroads might
be safely calculated as adding $150,000,000 to its
wealth in the enhanced value of its real estate
alone.
Having reviewed at some length the arguments
of those who are opposed to giving Government
aid in the construction of this road, I approach
with reluctance a review of the conflicting views
of the friends of the measure. Ever since I took
my seat in the Senate, a majority of its members
have been in favor of giving Government aid in
the construction of a Pacific railroad; but, for the
want of harmony, and that spirit of conciliation
and compromise which the opponents of the
measure have always taken advantage of, we have
never been able to agree upon a bill that could se-
cure a majority in both Houses of Congress.
I know of no way by which a stronger illus-
tration can be given of this than by quoting from
the frank and candid declaration of the most dis-
ti nguished an d un relen ting ad versary of this meas-
ure. In February, 1853, the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] when it was proposed to
survey the various routes to the Pacific, thus ad-
dressed the Senate:
  I appeal to Senatois if this project can be fairlyand I&-
"itiiuateiy destroyed, to de&troy it lor the present session ;
and I know ot no way of doing it, inasmuch as there is a
fixed majority here in i'avor of making a sail road from some
point on the'iVIisHssippi river to some point on the Pacific
ocean, hut bv getting up an internecine war among the
ft lends ot the mcasuie. That is the way we fortunately
succeeded in defeating the friends of the measure upon the
bill itself."
How long, Senators friendly to this measure,
shall we thus permit our opponents to profit by
our dissensions, and tauntingly avow to us the
cause of their success ? With an Executive com-
mitted by every pledge that can bind a statesman,
and who stands ready to redeem his pledges; with
; an acknowledged majority in both Houses of
i Congress, shall we, by our differences, arrest the
i progress of this, the grandest enterprise of any
i age, or of any nation? Is theie no plan upon
i which we can unite? I think there is. If we re-
'• gard the broad fields, where extended empire and
j increased wealth await our advance, rather than
} the contracted sphere of local interests, we shall,
i in the spirit of the fathers of the Republic, be en-
; abled to devise some common basis upon which
1 we can act in concert.
! In my judgment, an undue importance is at-
|! tached to'the'location by Congress of the termini
i! of the road. This bill leaves to the contractors
the location of the general route. Being about to
'i invest immense sums of money in this gigantic
|j enterprise m order to make their investment val-
i| uable, they will be compelled to select a route
,;j which offers them the advantages of feasibility,
i' shortness, cheapness, and future returns.
;i myself I am in favor of the construction of the
:s road on any practicable route.
j Vet the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,]
in Ins able speech during the last session, objects
to this bill, (of which he says I am the author,)
because it will secure a northern location for the
route. The Senator seems not to be aware of the
fact thai I have been calumniated and slandered
for years as an advocate of an exclusive southern
,j route. I have treated these calumnies with the
t| silent contempt they deserve, and only allude to
i them now to show my friend from Georgia that,
'i because I am not, and never was, a partisan for
>! any route, North or South, that 1 am subject to
;j assailment by those who are only in favor of sec-
I tional routes.
jj air. IVERSON. The Senator will allow mc a
