54
TFTE CON&RteSSIO^AL GLOSE.
December 13,
moment. I did not intend, in the remarks which
I submitted at the last session of Congress on the
subject to which the Senator refers, to accuse him
of such a design—by^ no means. If he will look
at my remarks, he will perceive that I said the re-
sult would be that the rforth would get the road
under the bill which the Senator introduced; but
I acquitted him of any design to accomplish that
object.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from New York,
[Mi*. Seward,] in his speech in favor of this bill
at the last session, uttered a sentiment, which I
hope will be adopted by every friend of the meas-
ure. It is this:
" That if the construction of a Pacific railroad is to be
ordered by Congress, we have got to agree upon some plan,
and we have all got to saciifiee some prejudices and opin-
ions, and some distrust."
This, in my opinion, is the spirit in which the
friends of this measure should come to its sup-
port. When the contractors shall be about to
determine the location of the road which their
money is to build, and which will only be valuable
by being constructed with the best channel of com-
merce and through the best and cheapest coun-
try, they will be unmoved by any other consid-
eration than self-interest. In the presence of the
autocrat money, sectionalism and jealousy will
cease their wranglings and heart-burnings, and
be stilled; the struggle of the North against the
South, and the South against the North, wjII be
unheeded; the ascendency of this or that section
of the Union will not be considered, for the rea-
son that, neither the spirit of fanaticism, nor the
depression nor the elevation of one portion of the
Union will pay dividends upon the capital in vested.
Wherever the road may be built, connections can
be established to points distant from the main
trunk; and if the folly of contractors should in-
duce them to select a route in opposition to the
ordinances of nature or the requirements of trade
and commerce, this can be remedied by these con-
nections.
The proud boast of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] that his metropolitan city is the
natural center of the commerce of the Atlantic
States, towards which trade and traffic mustgrav-
itate, however devious the line of travel, is appli-
cable to any other point which, by its location
and natural advantages, is entitled to a proportion
of the rich trade to be opened by this iron chan-
nel.
The Senators from Louisiana need not fear that
New Orleans will, upon any route, lose its quota
of legitimate traffic. The Senators from Missom i
may rest assured that St. Louis will be protected
bylaws more powerful than those we may enact
—the immutable laws of trade. My friends from
South Carolina and Virginia may remain satisfied
—if it be not a violation of State sovereignty to
receive commercial advantages from Federal legis-
lation—that Charleston and Richmond will not
fail to receive that benefit from the work which
nature intended, when it indented the coast with
the bay of Charleston and opened the channel of
James river.
If the termini, as proposed in this bill, suitnot
the friends of the measure, let us change them.
I know that no railroad can terminate at any other
point on the Pacific than San Francisco, for the
reason that the contractors will seek that point,
without which their investment will be unprofit-
able. The road may ascend along the Oregon
line, or deflect through Arizona, yet its terminus
must be San Francisco, as the natural commercial
center of the Pacific.
Irrespective of the incalculable benefits to the
people of the United States, to their commerce,
agriculture, mines, manufactures, and navigation, I
it can be demonstrated that, as a mere financial
question, the revenues of the Government would
be augmented hundreds of millions of dollars be-
yond the contribution proposed in this bill by the
construction of the road. These revenues would
be mcieased in four different ways:
1. From increased sale of public lands;
2. From the augmented revenue from imports;
3. From the diminished expenses of the War
Department; and
4. Dy the increased revenues anil diminished
expenditures of the PostOffice Department.
1. Increased sales of public lanus.
The State of California and the Territories of
Oregon and Washington contain an aggregate
area ofthree hundred and twenty-seven million five
hundred and sixty-six thousand, seven hundred
and twenty acres. There are twenty-eight mil-
lion three hundred ^and five thousand five hun-
dred and sixty-four acres of these lands surveyed
and subject to preemption, of which about twenty-
four millions are in California. It is now nearly
ten years since our land and preemption system
was extended to these regions; and yet, with all
the incalculable inducements for emigration dur-
ing all this period, the Government has received
nothing from the sale of public lands. The loss
of revenue from this source is attributable exclu-
sively to the absence of railroad connection with
the Atlantic States. The cost of reaching Cali-
fornia by the present ocean routes, which, owing
to Indian and Mormon hostilities, may be con-
sidered our only open emigrant routes, is about
one hundred and fifty dollars for each grown
person, and for a family, including the parents
and five children, the aggregate cost would be
$750. Now, of the laboring classes, including
most of the mechanical pursuits, not one head of
a family out of a hundred thousand possesses the
cash capital to pay the expenses of emigration,
and but few of any other class, if they had this
capital to pay their passage,, when they reach the
Pacific coast, no means would be left for the
purchase of farms, or the necessary expenses of
preparing them for cultivation. The failure of
the Government to aid in the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific coast, is equivalent to a
decree prohibiting the sales of the public lands in
these vast regions; and this fact is demonstrated
not only by the mere statement of the expenses
of emigration, but by the experience of the last
ten years.
Nor is it the mere expense of emigration that
retards the sale and settlement of these lands; but
for the want of a raihoad reaching from the Pa-
cific into the inteiior, farmers, with the exception
of mere local neighborhoods, are deprived of all
maikots for their produce, as well as of many of
the return supplies; and thereby their lands are
rendered comparatively worthless. The same
remark is true to a great extent as regards the
great region between the States and Territories
on the Pacific and the States that border upon the
Mississippi. That great intermediate region con-
tains an area of six hundred and eighty-eight
million one hundred and seventy-nine thousand
two hundred and forty acres, nearly all of which
is public lands, or lands to which the Indian title
will soon bo extinguished; and, indeed, to a vast
poition of it theie is no Indian title whatever.
From the whole of this vast area the Government
has received nothing from the sale of the public
lands. These lands are now almost inaccessible,
either from the Atlantic, the Mississippi, or the
Pacific, and furnish no markets for products.
Many of these lands, as well as those in the States
and Territories on the Pacific, contain the richest
minerals, and the miners must be supplied by
those who cultivate the arable lands. These min-
erals include gold and silver, quicksilver, coal
and iron, copper, lead, and salt, and many others,
lying waste and unproductive for want of easy
and economical access; and here, too, are found
the most valuable mineral manures, such as gyp-
sum, plaster of Paris, marl, &c. The railroad
would carry a vast population into this great in-
termediate region from our own country and Eu-
ione, and would increase enormously the revenue
of the Government from the sales of the public
lands.
We have seen that the aggregate area of this
great Pacific and intermediate region, now closed
against emigration as if by an impenetrable wall,
amounts to one and a quarter thousand million
acres. A large portion of this vast area consists of
the richest arable lands, a still larger of lands of a
medium quality, and a still greater proportion of
lands admirably adapted to grazing; but they are
now almost worthless for every purpose, as is
proved by statistics, and demonstrated by expe-
rience. Here especially are the most extensive
and valuable grazing lands in the world, covered
by the finest grasses, over which roam hundreds
of thousands of buffalo, the deer, the antelope,
and other wild animals; and these, together with
the Indians, will be almost their only occupants
until the railroad is constructed. These lands
are admirably adapted for grazing of almost every
description. Here can be raised the finest sheep
upon the continent, horses, mules, hogs, and cat-
tle of every description. Here, too, in many
portions, the camel can be reared as well as in
any part of Asia or Africa, and in much greater
abundance, and with more economy. With the
railroad, one vast unebbing tide of population
would roll on from the Mississippi to the Pacific,
and ante-date by half a century the wealth, power,
greatness, and glory of the Republic, while se-
curing the Union by perpetual bonds of commerce,
intercourse, and interest. Indeed, it is self-evi'
dent, that if the financial benefits of the Govern-
ment were limited only to the increase in the salea
of the public lands, the augmented revenue from
this source alone would build many railroads to
the Pacific.
2. Augmented revenues from imports.
But it is not from enhanced sales of the public
lands alone that the revenues of the Government
would be increased by the construction of the
railroad; the second source of augmentation would
be from the increased revenue from imports. Our
imports are measured by our exports, which de-
pend upon products and population, and cheap,
certain, and speedy access to our coast. Besides
agriculture and manufactures, the increase of our
production of gold and silver, occasioned by cheap"
and easy access by railroad to these regions, with
cheaper supplies, would cause an emigration that
would soon raise our annual products of the pre-
cious metals to mote than a hundred million
dollars. From all these causes combined, it can-
not be doubted that the railroad would cause an
advance of our revenue from imports of at least
§10,000,000 per annum.
3. Diminished expenditures of the War De-
partment.
The third source of revenue to the Government
would be from the vastly-curtailed expenses of
the War Department, in the diminished cost of
transportation of troops, munitions of war, and
supplies. In the vast regions west of the Missis-
sippi these expenditures amounted to at least
$10,000,000 during the last fiscal year. These
iieavy charges would be reduced to a very incon-
siderable sum by the construction of a railroad;
while Indian wars would soon be entirely pre-
vented, and the vast annual expenditure for de-
fending the frontier would almost cease, and the
Army might be reduced. The Mormon war
alone will cost the Government more than the aid
asked from it for the construction of this road;
as will also the Indian wars in Oregon, in the
Territory of Washington, in New Mexico, and
elsewhere throughout this great region, which
would have been prevented if we had had a rail-
road—or, if not prevented, immediately quelled.
And all this is independent of the massacre of our
citizens, whose lives it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to protect; which protection can only be
properly afforded by its construction. Indeed, it
cannot be doubted that the saving of the Govern-
ment m a few years, in its military service and
Indian wars, incidental to the construction of this
road, would soon equal its entire cost; whereas
but $25,000,000 is asked from the Government,
soon to be refunded in postal and other service.
Nor is it only Indian wars that would thus be
terminated, but ail other wars to be made upon
us; for with this railroad from the Atlantic to the
Pacific we should be so powerful and impregnable
upon both oceans, that no other nation would
dare to assail us.
4. Increased revenues and diminished expendi-
tures of the Post Office Department.
The augmented revenues and diminished ex-
penses of the Post Office Department would alone
soon refund all the money that is asked from the
Government in aid of this great work. The total
expenditure of the Government to supply mail
facilities for our Pacific coast and this great in-
terior region bordering upon the States fronting
upon the Mississippi, amounts to #2,148,050 per
annum; while the annual receipts are but $306,747;
thus leaving an excess of expenditures over rev-
enue of $1,841,303 per annum; and, in the ab-
sence of a railroad, this excess of expenditures
over receipts must go on constantly increasing.
Now, this sum would be materially reduced by
the construction of the railroad, ana the receipts
from postage enormously increased. Indeed,
when we regard the accruing postages from in-
creased business intercourse and correspondence,
including newspapers, by the construction of this
