1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
road, by substituting a daily for semi-weekly,
weekly, srmi-rr>onthly, and monthly mails, and
reducing the time from more tlmn throe weeks to
one; and also, that with this road as the nearest,
quickest, and cheapest route, the correspondence
to and from Asia and Europe, must pass over it;
from ail these causes combined, it cannot be doubt-
ed that the receipts from postage would soon, at
least, reach the expenditures, and the Govern-
ment save from this source, alone, millions of
dollars per annum. When we reflect, also, that
the whole advance of the Government in money
would soon be refunded by postal and other Gov-
ernment service, so far as money is concerned, it
may be truly said that the Government advances
nothing in aid of this great enterprise but its credit
for a very few years, secured against the possi-
bility of loss.
Indeed, looking at a period of ten years aheac
from the completion of the road, which is but as
a day in the existence of a nation, itis clear, thai
as a mere financial project, independent of its
other incalculable advantages, the revenues of the
Government would be more augmented by the
construction of this road than by any olher prac-
ticable plan which the wisdom of man can devise.
Over this road the gold and silver of the Pacific
would be transported, the mails and the passen-
gers, the teas and siiks, and other costly articles
from Asia, and manufactures, to a great extent,
from our own country. Even many agricultural
products would go on this road from the valley
of the Mississippi to the Pacific. To the center
of the State of Maine, northern as well as south-
ern agricultural products, are already carried by
railroad, a distance equal to half way from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, and greater than that from
many points in the valley of the Mississippi to
that great ocean.
But it is not only as it regards the finances of
the Government that we should derive vast ad-
vantages, but those accruing to the people of the
United States would be still greater. Our popu-
lation would be increased, our resources devel-
oped, and the continent covered with people and
States from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Our wealth
would be more than doubled; so wsuld be our
products. A new impulse would be given to our
agricultural, manufacturing, mining, commercial,
and navigating interests; and, above all, the Union
secured and perpetuated. The very passage of
the bill, m advance of the construction of the road,
would give a new impulse to our progress and
industry. First, as to population, from aug-
mented resources and prosperity there would be,
as all statistics show throughout the world, a
large increase of our native population. A new
flood of foieign emigration would also be thrown
upon us. Tney would not come to linger in our
large cities, but would pass into the great inte-
rior to cultivate our soil, to work our mines and
factories, to purchase tile products of our indus-
try, to augment our exports, and to increase our
imports, and rear up American families devoted
to the Constitution and the Union. From the
Atlantic to the Pacific the great arterial industrial
current would flow, and the great central va'ley
of the Mississippi, the heart of the nation, would
pulsate from ocean to ocean with renewed power.
Besides the increased domestic consumption,
we should find in Asia, containing two thirds or
the population of the globe, new markets tor most
of our agricultural products. How could Europe
compete with ns for the markets of China and
japan if we had a lailroad from the Atlantic to
tne Pacific? In those densely-populated regions
millions perish every year from insufficient food
or clothing. Give us this road, and we could
supply thi se wants cheaper than any European
Power, whilst they produce most of the very
articles that we desire m exchange.
So also as to manufactures. Our now farms and
increased population would furnish an augniented
home market for our manufactures; and ol many
of these, especially of cotton, we could supply
Asia cheaper than the factories of Europe, be-
sides, we charge no duties upon the teas ot Cluna,
whilst the burdensome debts and costly Govern-
ments of Eurone require them to impose heavy
duties on this article, and thus give us great ad-
vantages in the exchanges with Asm. Inagu-
cultural implements Olid engines we are also now
supplying many foiei^n markets; aud_when ex-
ten ded in teic'otnse with Asia shall substitute these
for the barbarous and antiquated articles now in
use, new and vast markets will be thus opened
for our benefit.
Our commerce, both for.eign and domestic,
would receive a new impulse. Our interstate
commerce would reach from the Atlantic to the
Pacific; atid with Asia especially it would be im>-
mensely augmented. Not only would this be the
case as regards the exchanges of our own pro-
ducts and manufactures, but America being lo-
cated between Europe and Asia, with the nearest
and quickest route of the world's intercommuni-
cation, we would become the store-house and
carrier of the world's products and manufactures,
command the routes and traffic of the globe, trans-
fer here the control of its exchanges, and realize
for ourselves that vast tribute which England now
exacts from her almost universal commerce.
To the statesman it must be apparent that from
the great commercial changes and advantages
which will result from the English and French
war with China, as well by our recent treaty with
that Power, a new impulse must and will be given
to commerce. Shall we not prepare for it, and
afford every facility, whereby our enterprising
ship-owners and merchants, as well as manufac-
turers and agriculturists, may be benefited ? Can
we not easily foreshadow the trade that must ne-
cessarily spring up with hitherto exclusive Japan ?
And who can foretell what commercial enterprise
is to be infused Among the thousand isles of the
Pacific by their intercourse with California, now
daily becoming greater and greater? Turn your
eyes to the Amoor river, and the boundless tracks
which it drains, abounding in mineral wealth, and
containing millions of inhabitants, who need and
will use our manfdetures and breadstuff's, and say,
in view of all this, whether the commerce of all
those countries should not pass over our own ter-
ritory; and therefore, for these causes alone, if no
others existed, a railroad is of paramount import
to us.
Commerce is power and empire. Its conquests
are gieater, more universal and enduring, than
those of arms. It carries with it peace and plenty,
instead of death and desohition. It marches over
States and nations to supply their wants and re-
ceive their products in exchange. Its dominion
is peace; its victories are those of labor and in-
, dustry. National prejudices and prohibitions,
! dynasties, and despotic institutions crumble be-
fore its progress. Give us, as this railroad would,
i the permanent control of the commerce and ex-
[ changes of the world, and in the progress of time
I and the advance of civilization, we would cora-
! mand the institutions of the world—not like the
: colonies of Rome, by the sword and vassalage,
but by that irresistible moral power which would
j ultimately carry our institutions with our com- |
! merce throughout the sphere wc inhabit. j
Either England or the United States must in the |
end control that commerce. It must center in
; London, Calcutta, and Bombay, or in American 1
cities. It must command the ocean and theUnd;
and we must be secondary to England, or Eng-
land to America. Now, at this very moment,
England is preparing to grasp this commerce by ]
a continuous railroad through Halifax, Q.uebcc,
and her territories on our continent, to the Pa-
cific. This is already formally announced in her
Parliament by her Cabinet Ministers; and^ a gi-
gantic company, aided by Britisn credit, British
lands and capital, and Government aid, is advanc-
ing to snatch fiom our grasp tins greatest ot all
eai thly prizes. She hasapracticable route through
her American tenitorv lictii ocean to ocean—a
; route tell degrees south ot some of the Ilussiau
railroads, and which she will construct, if we do
not immediately perform our duty. The power,
! credit, and capital of Great Rutain herself, and ot
i her American colonies, will be devoted to this
! great object; for she wiil not surrender^vitiiout a
■ struggle that command of the markets ot the wond
; which, at present, is the basis of her wealth and
i power. Let her do this, and she will spread her
people, her institutions, and her commerce, from
, the Atlantic to the Pacific, and we will become a
i secondary power, if not on our own continent, at
j least as one of the nations of the earth. Her ships
will traverse both oceans, her raih'oads will unite
II them, her products and manufactures will pass
| over them, her institutions will accompany them;
|, and our wealth and power, contrasted with hers,
P will become comparatively feeble and insignifi-
cant. Great enthusiasm on this subject now per-
vades not only Great Britain, but also Newfound-
land, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and the Can-
adas,and her vast colonial possessions stretching
westward to the Pacific. We have not a day or
an hour to lose, if we would secure the great prize
of universal commerce. Shall we, the great Power
on this continent, stretching soon, with continu-
ous States, from ocean to ocean, step back from
our destiny, or wait until England shall have se-
cured the monopoly of this commerce for herself?
Is this a British Parliament, or is it a Congress of
American statesmen and patriots te whom such
j an appeal shall be made in vain?
Let England snatch from us this prize by a rail-
! road through her American colonies, and for all
j the purposes of trade, commerce, or intercourse,
! we will have been recolonized; and succeeding
i generations will curse our treason to all the great
'■ interests of our country, and declare us unworthy
i to have inherited the Icgacy of freedom and inde-
j pendence transmitted to us by the patriots of the
| Revolution. With this road, in war the fleets and
j armies of England would assail ns in vain; but
i surrender to her that great avenue of the world's
commerce over our own continent, and she will
have stricken us a deadly blow. Besides the loss
to all our great industrial interests, it will cause
vast emigration, capital, and labor, to flow from
our own country to her colonies, and along this
route, to enjoy the advantages of this the greatest
enterprise which the energy of man will ever have
accomplished. St. John's, Halifax, Gluebee,
i Montreal, Toronto, and her cities upon the Pa-
; cific, will snatch from ours the benefitsof this great
| interoceanic communication; and her institutions,
I which could accomplish such vast results, will be
| declared superior to our own. It will be triumph-
| antly proclaimed, " Look what monarchy has ac-
| comphshed for her people and colonies, by build-
I ing this road, and see how the great and model
■ Republic, with far superior natural advantages,
i has failed to secure it. Her mistaken economy,
j her want of statesmen and patriots, her sectional
! passions and prejudices, have thrown from her
[ the greatest benefits which Providence ever vouc.h-
S safed to man. Commerce is indeed king, and
I royalty is her representative! " This will then
| be proclaimed throughout all the nations of the
earth. Then, when these great calamities shall
have come upon us, the records of our votes on
this all-important and national question will be
scrutinized by the American people, and they will
know and mark the men who shall have produced
this great and irremediable disaster. Our false
i economy, saving cents while sacrificing millions,
j will bo universally understood and appreciated.
; Our local and geographical jealousies, our sec-
; tional passions and prejudices, our anti-national
1 and anti-American votes and speeches, by which
1 the Eastand the West, the North and the South,
i the Atlantic, the valley of the Mississippi, and
! the Pacific, have all, all been sacrificed, will rise
up in judgment against the opponents of this
road, a'nd secure for them on immortality of exe-
cration.
Thus much for ouragriculture, commerce, and
manufactures. Our vessels will lose the carrying
i trade of the world. Make this railroad within
i our own territory, and our own vessels, from the
I increased population upon the Pacific,laden with
> the heavy products of our own and other nations,
j will more than quadruple our coasting trade,
; while our intercourse with Asia would soon prob-
' ably be more than decupled. Without it, with
the comparative decline of our mercantile marine,
both m seamen and in vessels, our Navy will fall
' also into absolute impotence; while that of Eng-
\ land, aided by a railroad, will rule the seas and
!■ oceans of the world. Our mines, whether of the
• ptecious metals, of coal, iron, or of other mmer-
; als, and all the industry connected with them,
[ i will either decay or cease to progress; and our fish-
" ones will have been struck with a deadly paral-
■ ysis. A war with the combined Powers of the
! world will not so completely palsy all our indus-
try and arrest our progress as would the com-
j' mand of the world's commerce by England, se-
j: cured in the construction of this road through
i! British possessions. When I endeavor through
!, the vista of the future to look at these disastrous
I' results, and then contemplate the wonderful prog-
t! ress that my country would make should she
|] secure now and forever all the great advantages
