THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. &
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 91,1859.
NEW Sbkjes.A-NO,
more fully enforce the responsibility of these offi-
cers.
{Here ihc hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out $100. What I wish to say to the House is
this: for the last three orfour years, I have on sev-
eral occasions called the attention of this House
to the flagrant and persistent violations of law by
the Secretary of War in the quartermaster's de-
partment. " .
I agree with the gentleman from Virginia that
here we can impose no adequate restraint. This
violation of law is the transgression of the Ex-
ecutive Departments; on their discretion or indis-
cretion we are,.to a great.extent, dependent. On
several occasions, I have called the attention of
the House to the fact that three years ago, if I
mistake not, it appeared, from the reports, that
the quartermaster's department had exceeded, by
some $600,000, in the year ending 30th June, 1855,
the amount appropriated for that service, and that
that excess was not reported to this House, and
provided for in a deficiency bill for the year in
which the deficiency occurred, but that the money
was taken out of the appropriations for the next
fiscal year, and applied to pay the expenditure" of
the preceding fiscal year; and that like misappli-
cations of moneys have occur: ed for three succes-
sive yeais. And yet, sir, no vote of censure ever
passed this House on that account; butgentlemen
on the Administration side of the House attempted
again and again to defend the legality of that con-
duct, while there never has been an attempt to
hold the Secretary of War to his proper and legal
responsibility. Why were not the subordinates,
who exeeeded the limits of appropriation, dis-
missed the service? What reason have we to
suppose now, that, when they expend one or two
hundred thousand dollars over and above the
amount appropriated, any further official notice
will be taken of that improper conduct?
Sir, the evil is rooted in the character of the
men placed at the head of the Government, and
in the apparent determination of the Administra-
tion side of the House to hold them harmless in
every act that relates to the expenditure of money.
While I concur i n these amendments, I tell yoii that
they are, and must be, fruitless. Nothing will re-
strain the usurpations of the executive officers but
a vote of censure, ora vote of impeachment. Pun-
ish the men who violate the law. We accomplish
nothing by blindly cutting down the rate of expend-
iture. Heietofore the War Depaitment has ex-
ceeded the vast appropriations year after year. It
will now certainly, and to a greater extent, exceed
smaller appropriations, for we have taught them
to violate the law with impunity. "The remedy
here proposed •for the evil is, in itself, inherently
inefficient. You are striking entirely m the dark;
and, as the gentleman front Kentucky well said,
the discretion or indiscretion of the Department
may retrench where you do not desire retrench-
ment, and may add on expenditure where you de-
sire to cut down. We ought to require detailed
estimates; but we ought also to requite tfrat the
Departments shall be held within the limits of the
sums appropriated. The House, at the last ses-
sion, on repeated votes, rejected the amendment
offered by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
which was designed to limit the Departments, by
rigid enactment of law, to the amount appropn-
ated. If the next Congress shall be called upon
to pass a deficiency bill, I desire gentlemen to re-
member that they were warned more than once
that the reduction of appropriations does not rem-
edy the evil, and that nothing but a vote of cen-
sure or impeachment can remedy it; and that the
reduction of the appropriations will only be an
excuse lor a deficiency bill.
Mi. DAVIS, o'f Mississippi. On three or four
occasions to-day the gentleman from Maryland
has taken occasion—whije he has indicated a de-
termination to vote for the measure before the
House-—to charge dishonesty and corruption and
inefficiency against the head of the Government.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
will pardon me, I have not said one word about
t M0
corruption, and have not referred to it. I have
merely spoken of violations of law of the kind I
have indicated, but I made no imputatioirof cor-
ruption.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am gratified
that the gentleman withdraws what I understood
to be an insinuationjjf corruption and dishonesty
on the part of the President and heads of Depart-
ments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am sure the gen-
tleman will not find such an insinuation in any
thing that I said.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
has insinuated, at all events, that they have been
fuilty of acts which deserve impeachment. Now,
desire simply to say that I believe that a more
honest man, personally and politically, than the
President of the United States, does not live on
the earth; and that his integrity as a man will
compare favorably with thatof any gentleman on
this floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of or.der.
I want to know whether the President is on trial
for impeachment?
The CHAIRMAN." The Chair is not aware
that the President is on trial.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think I have
heard the gentleman from Ohio make some in-
sinuations of dishonesty against the Democratic
party.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must make my question
of otder on the gentleman again. I do not think
that either myself or th.e President is on trial.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cfcair sustains the
point of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire merely
; to say that, in my estimation, the honesty of the
' President or any head of the Departments, would
compare favorably with the honesty of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order
again. I insist upon it that comparisons are
odious. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that this
course of debate is out of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. They may be
odious, for the reason that I may have contrasted
very clever and very honest men improperly.
Mr. GROW. I would ask the gentleman
^ whether he has read the testimony m the Fort
1 Snelling nivestisation;
! Mr. CHAFFEE and Mr. WASHBURN, of
i Maine, made some jesting remarks, which did
! not reach the reporter.
! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the hon-
i esty of both the President and heads of Depart-
1 ments will compare, favorably with that of the
1 gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn, ] or the
! gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Chaffee.]
! Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The force of
! praise cannot further go. [Laughter.]
i Mr. CHAFFEE. You have said all you can'
; say in his praise. .
i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is all I de-
j sire to say. It will compare—not well—butmag-
! nificentlv. [Laughter.]
; ' Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, withdrew his amend-
! ment. ,
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it m order to
| move to amend the amendment of the gentleman
; from Missouri?
! The CHAIRMAN. It is.
i Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
j man from Virginia yield to a motion that the
1 committee rise ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr.wCRAIG, of Missouri. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I propose a compromise,
which I have no doubt will be acceptable. It is
that the committee take a recess, and come back
here and do business to-night.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Buffinton were appointed.
1 1 1 .1 _ 1
The committee divided; and the. teller? raportr
ed—ayes 67, noes 55. ' ;
• So the motion was agreed to. , - . j-
The committee rose; and the Speaker having.
resumed the chair, Mr. John Cochrane reporiel:
that the Committee of the Whole on the state *>f
the Union had had under consideration the .state":
of the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 667, making appropriations for the sujp*.
port of thie Army for the year ending 30th June,
1860, and had come to no resolution thereon.
CHARGE OF CORRUPTION.
Mr, NICHOLS. I rise to a question priv-
ilege. I offer the following preamble and resolu-
tion:
Whereas, in the correspondence of the New York Dally
Times, signed S., under date of the 16th February,* 1819; as'
also in the correspondence of other papers, it is charged that'
a member of the Committee of Accounts of thie House'
made a bargain to receive money as a consideration fcir.
passing certain claims in said committee, and.that subse- -
quentiy the said member demanded the consideration for •
said services : and whereas it is further alleged that a mem-
ber of said committee compelled claimants before, said com-
mittee to agree to give a portion of the bills before said com- -
mittee in consideration for their allowance" by the same:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, That a committee of five members be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to investigate said charge or charges;
said committee to report before the close of the presentses-
sioa of Congiess.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I am always in favor of investigating charges of
corruption or abuses in the exercise of any duties
incumbent on the members of this House, but I
am tired of these investigating committees that
result in nothing. Now, my point upon the. gen-
tleman's question of privilege is that no specific
charge is made.in that preamble, nor is the mem-
ber"whose conduct is to be investigated pointed
out or named. It touches the whole of the Com-
mittee of Accounts. I think it is but just to the
members of that committee that the member
against whom the charge is made should be spe-
cified, that the House and the country may know
who it is.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to make a suggestion to him as to
his resolution ?
Mr. NICHOLS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I should suggest to him the
propriety of striking out " five" and inserting
«' one," so that the committee shall consist of
one member. I think he might probably get
through with the investigation in the twelve days
of the session, that remain; but if you appoint a
committee of five, they will not get through at all.
Mr. NICHOLS. I cannot consent to that
amendment I offer the resolution in good faith;
and -in reference to the question of order, I will
say this, that the Committee of Accounts is the
recognized organ of this House in al! that pertains
to its internal economy and the administration of
its finances under the Speaker. It is a committee
appointed by the Speaker. Now, this, charge is
against one of the five members of that commit-
tee, and I apprehend that it comes within the rule
that makes it a question of privilege. With these
remarks, I submit the question to the Speaker.
If the Chair decides that it is a question of priv-
ilege, I demand the previous question on the res-
olution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. i would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio that he should so amend
his resolution as to give the committee power to
report at any time during the session. _
Mr. NICHOLS. I have no objection to that
modification. . j .
Mr. BURNETT.. I am not opposed to the
resolution. I do nottake that position. I am m
favor of investigations when charges are properly
made; but I do insist that this is n.ot a question
0fjS"VF^ORENCE. 1 hope the gentleman from
Ohio will make the committee consist of three
instead of five members. There is a single offense
charged, and it can be investigated in one hour.
Mr. SICKLES. Has the Chair made its de-
cision ?
