1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
57
reason that he has not been accused by the im-
peaching body.
Sir, this is the position which, in my judgment,
we occupy. We are sitting as the grand inquest
of the nation; and when the case (should it ever
enter within the bars of the Senate) enters there,
what would be the greeting that would first reach
the ears of the persons there assembled ? Why,
sir, following all precedent, and in obedience to
the usual course of procedure, the Sergeunt-at-
Arras would proclaim: "All persons are com-
manded to keep silence upon pyin of imprisonment
while the grand inquest of the nation is exhibit-
ing to the Senate of the Unifed Slates articles of
impeachment,'' &c. That is the only proclama-
tion which will be, or can possibly be, made.
The Senate will then be engaged m trying an in-
dictment presented by the grand inquest of the
nation. A grand inquest, sitting with closed
doors, engaged m secret examination? No, sir;
but proceeding publicly and openly, according to
its voluntary legislative practice, but, neverthe-
less, the grand inquest of the nation; a grand in-
quest which, although having heard Judge Wat-
rous in his defense, yet has examined, and is still
examining, whether there is cause for a reason-
able belief that he is guilty upon the case which
has been made. And, sir, this is the distinction
between the House as the impeaching power, and
the Senate as the trying body. We here, in our
impeachingcapacity,give to the people, for whom
we are inquiring, the benefit of the doubt. We
here, as the impeaching power, lean towards the
people in our inquiry, if there exists a doubt;
they, as the trying body, lean towards the ac-
cused, and give to him the benefit of the doubt.
Here the doubt is for the benefit of the people;
there the doubt is for the benefit of the accused.
Such is our position, and gentlemen can make
nothing else of it.
Mr. Speaker, m 1850, on a summer morning
of that year, Judge Watrous rose in Galveston a
poor and needy man. tie rose in the dignity of
a judge. His poverty was no impeachment;
indee(T it was the jewel of his judicial crown.
Shortly after, Judge Watrous became interested
in a speculation of sixty thousand acres of land
in Texas, on the Brazos river, opposite Waco,
stated m these proceedings to be a certain eleven-
league grant or tract. Afterwards the title of this
tract of land was contested. Suits were accord-
ingly instituted in the court over which Judge
Watrous presided. They were transferred from
that tribunal to a tribunal in Louisiana. A d_e-
cision was had, and on a morning m the fall oi a
subsequent year, Judge Watrous arose an atilu- ''
entman. Poor at one time, rich atarmther, how j
was it that this change was made? For whose |
benefit, if not for the benefit of the beneficiary, j;
the gieat donee of this transaction? I do not •
mean to say that Judge Watrous could not law- ;
fully engage in that speculation; 1 do not mean to
say that it was impossible that his ofhee could
have been used, and he not have been innocent; ■
but I do say, he having thus engaged in the spec-
ulation, and having profited by the use of his
official position, it is for him to satisfy this House
that he did not intend that it should be thus used. ^
I do not mean to say that equal success would not ,
have attended his elForts in any other court; but
I do mean to say that this House 1? to pronounce
that Jud«e Watrous, who, through the instru-
mentality of his official position, was invested,
with wealth, is bound to show that he did not in-
tend that the natural consequences of ins own act i
should flow therefrom. _ :
Now, if I say no more, the case is complete
against the judge. If I say no more, gentlemen
must unite with mc in declaring that he is to be
held accountable for the natural consequences of
his acts, as men are ordinarily held accountable
for the natural consequences ot their acts. Until,
therefore, he shall introdace evidence which goes
to show that he had no knowledge, no unlawful
intention, evidence that there was no scienter'im-
putable to lnm, Judge Watrous must be held
Laky n-uiltv. '-nilty, even under impeachment.
Now sir,"l have a damning tale to read against
Tud"-e Wairous, from the evidence submitted to
us ° I suck the aid of no commentary. I invoke
no argument; I but ask gentlemen to give the
language of the evidence its effect, and to pio-
nouiice accordingly. interview which was
had between these parties, m the first instance,
respecting this tract, is thus narrated at page 39,
by Judge Watrous himself; and I wish the House
to observe how diametrically the judge differs
from his colleague, Thomas M. League, and I
will show the House how important U this differ-
ence, and how it bears in proof of his guiit. He
says:
"Mr. League came into my office and told me that he
had an oppoiiusuty to make a speculation ; that he had
purchased a tiact of land upon the Brazos river, hnt he
feared that he would not he able to pay for it. I told him
that J had friends m Alabama who would furnish the money
necessary, if they could be induced to think the prospect
good for jeahzui? a profit. He told me of the tract of land,
the La Vega tract, nearly opposite Waco, upon the Brazos.
I asked him about the title. He told me that it had been
pronounced good by Judge Hughes. I was willing to trust
toJud^e Hughes's opinion. It was agreed upon between
Mi. League and myself that we would write to Alabama
and endeavor to engage my friends m the enterpuse. There
was then pending in the Miprernf* court of the .State acase
of exactly such <t title, in which I was interested hy a con-
tract made before i entered upon the bench. I stated to
Mr. League my entire confidence of success, and my ex-
pectation that the decision of that case would end all
further controvert about that class of claims. That if we
biiould be compelled to sue. wc should have that ease lor a
decisive antecedent, and should be in no dangei of lo<<?.
Mr. League and thiee gentlemen from Alabama went up
and examined the land and determined to purchase it. Mr.
League stated to me that he believed there would be no
litigation about the puichase."
At page 200 occurs the narrative of Thomas M.
League, concerning* this transaction. In answer
to a question propounded, he says:
" I wa-=5 in the room speaking of tiie matter, and I said,
further, that I was afraid that I could not possibly rai-e the
mon<>y. Jud«ce Watrous said,' What is that you sayI
think I was Speaking to Mr Sheaier at th" tune. 1 recapitu-
lated what J had said. Ue said then,i Ned. I think tluwe
men in Alabama would go into that; your biother talked
about making s ome purchase.' Fiorn that one ihing led to
anothei. I cannot exactly r late ail that w --aid 1 did not
have an idea that I would be called to repeat it; that was the
sub-nance of it. J taiitfd moie with Mr Shearer than with
Judge Watrous. Mr. Shcau-r induced to write to his
hiother-m-law, Mi. Price. -Mr. Price was married to Mr.
Sheaier'a si-^tei."
On page 228 there is a repetition of the same
thing.
On page 22C there is another repetition, and m
these words :
" Question. Who communicated with the parties m Ala-
bama. |
" Answer. Mr. Shearer. :
Question. Did \ oil know any of these parties ? j
'h Answer. I nevei knew them. '
" Question. Fiom whom did you receive the information }
which induced you to apply to them ? \
^Antuer. From Mr Shearer. |
" Question. When did jou fir*t know Mr. Shearer? j
« ansa pv T knew him fir->tsome time m the earlv part of '
that year. Mr. Shearer had just come from Alabama; I do ■
not know exactly what time he came. My acquaintance j
with Mr. rihearer wad not of a long landing." i
Oil page 210 is found a reiteration of the fact,
as follows :
| " Question. Row did Mr. Frow and his friend get to
i Texas; who corresponded to that end?
Answer. Mr. Shearer. i
; e" Question. Was Mi. Sheaier an acquaintance of these
: geiitiemen 5
. c« Answer. Mr. Price married Mr. Shearer's si?tcr.
| Question. And that is the way that was brought about? ,
1 "vZ/ist-er. Yes. sir."
'i Mr. Speaker, if Thomas M. League is to be ,
< believed, the consideration upon which Judge ;
' Watrous avers that he was admitted to an equal 1
! one fourth share of that land fails, because Judge
l Watrous did not introduce Thomas Ai. League to
' the parties in Alabama; it was Mr. Shearer who
1 introduced those parties to Mr. League,and Mr.
1 League to those parties. Then, as you proceed
! further in the case, you wiil find evidence to this
■ effect: that m consequence of this introduction by
Mr. Shearer, the parties from Alabama, Prow
| and Price, came on to Texas, and examined the
i| land, and purchased it.
jj The evidence to this efl'cct is to be found atthe
it pas;es to which I will imw call the attention ot the
j! House. At page 200 the question occurs:
H Question. Whom do von mean bv them ?
'! <-Answer T so'd the land to Lap>!e\\ Mr. Piuttenbunr,
} and Mi Frow. Mi. Fiow and Mi. Puce aie the nun who
; mad" the eonnact m the name of Laptiey "
| At page 202 is to be found this evidence:
} Mi. Fiow ami Mr. Price had consulted with
> Judge Hushes m regard <o the title, wntle_ they were m
■ i Texas. They had reported to Mr. Lapsley."
:j At page 203 this evidence occurs, in corrobo-
■ : lation of the fact stated:
I a Question. Oomu baek to Alabama. Y\ hat was said
!, abuut the tuie there? You say that-Mr Fiow and hia friends
'' had talked about the title in Texas ?
ij •' Anwcr. Ves.sii.
" Question. How do you know?
u Answer. Because I was present in the room at the time.
<v Question. Did you know the particular frame of the
title, or did they have an opinion ?
" 'Answer. The title deeds were before them—all except
the power of attorney."
At page 204 occurs this evidence:
" Answer. Judge Hughes examined the title, examined
everything connected with it. Theie was $500 to be paid
to Judge Hughes. I made this arrangement. It was so
understood. I made the arrangement with Messrs. Price
and Frow, in Texas."
At page 205 is found this fact:
<l Question. That is what I want to get at. Why you "
should give a lawyer $500 as a retaining fee when there
weie no suits ?
" Answer, I do not know what Mr. Frow or Mr. Price
gave.
'• Question. That was their arrangement, not yours ?
" Answer. Yes.5'
So you will observe, sir, that in response to the
letter written by Mr. Shearer to his friends in Ala-
bama, Frow and Price came on to Texas, exam-
ined the lands, examined the title, and ordered
suits to be brought against those who claimed
under adverse titles. Now, has this House ever
known a party not interested m the land to order
suits to be brought concerning its title, to retain
counsel, to pay retaining fees? No, sir; no. The
evidence is explicit that this property was exam-
ined, that the title was examined, and that the
land was purchased by Frow and Price, in Texas,
i Do we hear of any interest in Judge Watrous at
I that time? If the consideration averred by him
' to have been given was a true one, it existed at
i that time—that being the service he is alleged to
1 have rendered m introducing these parties to each
! other. Yet he was then, at that very time, ex-
cluded from all interest The parties in Alabama
i and Thomas M. League were the only persons,
i up to that time, who were known in the contract
t or in the title to the land. Thus far in his testi-
! mony has Thomas M. League stated explicitly
' to this effect; yet when, at another stage of his
examination, he discovers the fault that he has
I committed—the trap in which his evidence has
| placed Ins friend, Watrous—he changes hisposi-
1 tion and gives another version ot the affair.
I At page 211 this passage of evidence occurs:
"Question. What was done then ?
| "Answer. There was an article drawn up, which was
j signed, showing that Judge Watrous was to hold one fourth
] interest, Thomas M. League one fourth interest, and the
; Alabama party tnc other half interest.
! Question. 'That was on the spot ?
j "Answer. Ye«, sir.
! « Question. Had that been agreed on previously between
! yourself and Judse Watmus?
"Answer. Yo^sur; that Judge Watrous should hold one
1 fourth interest and myself one fouith.
I "Quezon. I mean, before Mr. Laptev made this ad-
vance ofmoncv to the common account. Before you gave
> the d 'ed to Mr. Lap^ley, was there an understanding be-
1 tween you^elf and Judue Watrous that he should be inter-
' ested with you in the purchase ?
! ^-Jlrsiccr. Ye--, sir.
: '• Question. Did >ou not say that there was no airange-
' mmt made with Judso Watrous until after you had com-
pleted the matter in Alabama?
i "sJnsver. I meant tins—"
| See, now, how this swift witness turns upon
his conscience and swallows the language he has
' but just uttered.
i ".Snsu-cr. I meant this—that the matter was not finally
' completed until after I went to Alabama. I made a con-
ditional sale with Mr. Pnce and Mr. Frow, in <^alve.-ton.
What 1 alluded to wa<?. that thvre was? -nothing final with
1 Jurist' Watrou;? until alter I made that sale with Mr. Frow
and'Mr. Price, in Texas>.
t "Question. Then, Judge Wauous was to be interested
,, with vou ?
■j "jiiisuer. Yes.sir.
| f* Question. Up to that tim^, had Judge Wairous arid you
nevei talked about this title ?
,1 ^^nsirer. Never, sir. 1 was cautious of what I said to
J limi."
I "Very well; very well; Thomas M. League—we
1 will take vou at your word; and now, in the light
of your latest declaration, 1 will inquire what was
i| the true consideration for the one quarter interest
of judiro Watrous in this land r It was not that
he mtiociuced the parties; Mr. Shearer had done
' that If not that, what could it have been ? He
' did not participate at all in this contract <l'mng
1 tiie time tlmt Price and Frow were in Texas. I ho
' veritable Leaeue states here that no arrangement
'■ was made with Judge Watrous until after Frow
and Price had left Texas. Then, how happens
it that Judge Watrous, on the bench of the su-
' preme court, should leave the trial of his causes,
j neglect his dockct, divest himself of his judicial
i: robes, and pay, ill the month of July, a visit to
