1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
■was read the third time, and passed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. STUART. I submitted a resolution yes-
terday to fix the hoar of meeting at twelve o'clock.
1 move to take up that resolution and consider it
now. I can say, for one Senator, that I have a
very large amount of public business from the
House before mv committee, which I find it im-
possible to do. l" have consulted with very many
other Senators upon committees, and I find that
there is an equal inconvenience to them. We
came here this morning at eleven o'clock, and
there were nine Senators present after the prayer.
I think the convenience of Senators and the pub-
lic interests will be largely subserved by the
adoption of that resolution and meeting at twelve
o'clock. . .
Mr. DAVIS. Senators cannot be here and in
their committee rooms both.
Mr. STUART. Certainly n<Jt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to postpone all prior orders, and
that the Senate take up the following resolution:
Resolved, That, on and after Saturday next, the liour of
meeting of the Senate s-liail be twelve o'clock, m., of each
day, until otherwise ofdered.
Mr. STUART. I introduced the resolution
yesterday, but I modify it to read t£ afterto-day.
Mr. SLIDEtL. I have an amendment to pro-
pose to tliat resolution. I have endeavored to
have considered a resolution I offered some days
since providing for evening sessions. Now, I
shall vote for the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan, if iny amendment be adopted. It is
perfectly evident that we cannot get along with
the business of Congress if we do trot sit more
than four or five hours a day. At five o'clock
there is no quorum—that is the general rule—and
the Senate adjourns. 1 move to amend the reso-
lution of tlie'Senator from Michigan by saying,
that, after to-day, the Senate will take a recess
from half past four to half past six o'clock, dur-
ing the remainder of the session. -
Mr. COLLAMER. Is that to take effect to-
day ?
Mr. SLIDELL. No.
Mr. COLLAMER. If gentlemen will permit
me to occupy the floor to-day on the Cuba ques-
tion, I shall not interfere. If the Senator means
to confine the Cuba discussion to the night, I shall
have to yield the floor.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is with a view generally to
proceed to the business of Congress. I do not
mean to confine evening sessions to the Cuba
blMr. COLLAMER. You do not confine it to
Cuba?
Mr. SLIDELL. No, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to say that
I do not wish to occupy the floor at night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution and the proposed amendment
The Secretary. The resolution, if amended
as proposed, will read:
Resolved, Tliat after this day the liour of meeting of the ,
Senate (-hall be twelve o'clock, m , of each day, until other-
wise nrden-d, and the Senate will each day take a recess
from half pa t four to seven o'clock.
Mr. MASON I ask that that question may
be divided, so that we may first determine upon
the hour of meeting each day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Lou-
Mr. MASON. I thought the resolution had
been modified in that way.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. 1 tliink legislation like the action ot
juries should be made by those who fast 1 have ,
never yet seen a recess, for the purpose of dinnei
and an evening session, result m good, either in
this House or the oilier. Let us ait here as long
as we can, work as diligently as we can during
the day, and when exhausted, adjourn. I am
opposed to returning in the evening altogether.
Mr MASON. I entirely asree vfith what fell
from the Senator from Mississippi. I have had
an experience of some yeais in this body, and 1
ag.ee with him perfectly that there is no facility,
no dispatch to the public business by sluing at
nights I mean to say by having special afternoon
sessions. As the session advances, it may be
necessary to sit at night; but if so, I should pre-
fer, from my own experience, that we should have
a continuous session. I hope, therefore, the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. HALE. Let me say a single word. I
happened to be here some ten years ago", when
this subject was introduced, and there was never
anything gained by night sessions. I may be
permitted to say that the late Mr. King, who for
so many years was here from Alabama, and fre-
quently in the chair, remarked to me that he was
always, after the experiment was made, opposed
to night sessions, and voted against them uni-
formly;and I think it is the experience" of every-
body who has seen them, that they have never
produced any good. I hope they will not be
ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, to take a recess from half past four to
seven o'clock, after to-day.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the resolution offered by the Senator from
Michisan, that after to-day the Senate will meet
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will not be agreed
| to. If we are to sit on continuously we had bet-
' ter meet at eleven o'clock. It is obvious that we
i have not legislative hours enough now to get
| through with our business. It is accumulating
• very fast upon us, and but a very few days are
j left of the session. I hope we shall adhere to the
i present plan of meeting at eleven o'clock,
j Mr. MASON. If we meet at twelve we lose
j an hour in open session here in the morning,,
I but that hour is most advantageously appropri-
| ated to the business of the committees, and in
' preparing subjects now before the Senate; but if
' we lose an hour during the morning, it is pet-
fectly competent to us if we please, to gain two
or three in the evening.
Mr. POLK. It seems to me we have already as
much business on the Calendar as we can dispose
of by sitting daily from elevqn o'clock to as late
an hour as we shall probablv sit during the rest
of the session. More of the business before the
committees may be matured if we meet at twelve,
instead of eleven; but suppose it is: it goes on
our Calendar, and will be undisposed of., i think
We had better go on from eleven o'clock, until we
shall have exhausted the business on the Calen-
dar: and then, if it is necessary to supply us with
something to do during the additional morning
hour, we can postpone our meeting in the morn-
ing until nuon, and let the committees bring for-
ward moie work for us.
Mr. STUART That might be a very good ,
argumentas applied to the business which origin-,
ates in the Senate; but there is a vast amount ot ;
business that comes Irom the House of Repre- .
'sentatives, which is before the committees now; i
and I have consulted, as I said before, with mem-
bers of other committees, and I find the same
condition of things that exists in the Committee
on Public Lands. It is impossible to consider it
if the Senate meets at eleven o'clock. I called a
meetin°" of my committee at ten o clock, ine
gentlemen are unable to get there before half past
ten, or a quarter before eleven; we have only hl-
teen or twenty minutes, and we cannot consider
one bill; for we must be here in the Senate when
eleven o'clock anives. We come in here, and
we find nine or ten Senators present—there were
nine this'morning. You, very likely, do not set
a quorum until five minutes before twelve, ine
consequence is, that you do nothing here, and we :
; cannot do the business that it is necessary to do .
I in the committees. My experience has not been ;
1 lar°-o in the Senate; it is only now a period ot ,
! about six years; but 1 have never yet seen the ;
1 time when the Senate gained anything by meet-
ing at eleven o'clock, while great inconvenience ,
is done to the public business. At the ciose of the ,
session, we all know that the business is inter- ;
changed between the two Houses most rapidly. ,
Bills are sent here, half a dozen a day; they have
to be considered, and the committees must con-
sider them. Now, I do hope, notwithstanding
the argument of the Senator from Virginia, that
the Senate will resolve to meet at twelve o clock,
soithat we can have an opportunity to attend to
our committee business. Some of us wlw""
the committees, I may say with propriety, have
labor, a'great amount <«f it, to perform; and we
must have an opportunity to doit, and to be in.
our places when legislation is ^ofngtSri. t
Mr. REID. Itjs known to every Senator,'per-*
haps, that very often in .the moniing, after the
Senate meets, some fifteen or twenty ifiiuutesare
occupied by the reading of ihe Journal, and then
frequently half an hourin presenting petitions 4jid
reports of committees, in which the Senate gen-
erally do not take a deep interest'; This is coil-
side red mere formal business; and although Sen-
ators may be in their committee-rooms,, titeV do
not think proper to come into the Senate Ciiambei"
until after the Journal is read and the reports from
committees have been generally made, and the
business of the morning commences. That',s(c-
counts for the fact that at eleven o'clock you see
so few Senators here. There is no general interest
felt in coming in and sitting here ami hearing "the
journal read for fifteen or twenty minutes, detail-
ing all the tedious routine of the business of the
day before. .It. is very evident, too, th&t for the
remainder of the session a great deal of tfie work
to be performed by the committees must be done
while the Senate is in session; and for that reason
I think we had better meet at eleven o'clock in
the morning, as we have been do'ing. It will do
no good for your committees to go to their rootns
and make out their reports, if they cap have no
time to act upon them here, or report them to the
Senate. I therefore hope the Senate will consent
to adhere to eleven o'clock.
Mr. FITCH. I move to lay the resolution on
the tablu, to stop this debate.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 26; as follows:
YE4.S Mfshrs. Benjamin, Biirler, Brown, Clark, Clay,
Clmaman, Fessenden, Filch, Fitzpatnok, Green,Gwitj,
Hale, Hunter, Iverso'n, Kennedy, King, Malloty, Polk, lleid,
Shields, Shdell, and Ward—22. ,
AYS—Mes-rs Allen, Bay:ml, Bell, Brignt, Broderick,
Chandler, Chesiuit,"Davw, Dixmi. Doohttle, Foot, flarohn,
Harlan, Johnson of'Tennessee, Ji>nes. Mason, Pearce,! ugu,
Rice, Sewaid, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson,
and Yulee—25.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. FITCH. It is manifest that we lose time
by adopting this-resolution, instead of gaining it,
as the mover avers. Senators forget that some
five or ten minutes must necessarily be consumed
lieie in the prayer, to which some of them listen,
though, perhaps, tliey would all be benefited by
it; and then, twenty or twenty-five minutes more
in the reading of the Journal. These forms, if
forms you call them, will be gone through with;
that much time is consumed, whether we meet
at eleven, twelve, one, oY two. If the chairmen
of committees, and the committees themselves,
choose to absent themselves until half past eleven
o'clock, their presence here is not desirable or
necessary,'because we do not often reach the call
for reports from committees until that period; and
if we are to have this constant debate relative to
the order of business, we shall do little else than
' wrangle over propositions of this kind to change
' thcrorders. For in y own part, though, perhaps,
on as laborious a committee as there is the Senate
 not as important as some, but one on which
drudgery, equal, perhaps, to that imposed on any
other committee, is imposed—1 am perfectly win-
ing- that the Senateshoujd begin at ten o clockjand
I think we should exnedite business by so doing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the resolution of-the Senator from Michigan. ♦
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays; ana
thev were ordered. * T r
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Indiana
! moved to lay my resolution on the table to save
' debate; and,as soon as the Senate refused to agiee
to his motion, he is the very first benator to de-
bate it The committees have no right, they aie
expressly precluded by the rules of the Senate,
from belli" out when the Senate is in session.
A<*ain, it is not safe to be out. You take the very
time in the morning hour, and there is business
thrust through here that a majority of the Senate
would not pass at al I—that ought not to be passed.
Resorts of committees are brought in, and auvant-
ages'taken of that. I am not willing, even it the
rule permitted it, to be oufof the Senate when
