1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the Senate is doing business; and I think the ex-
perience of every Senator nere will show that we
shall gain rather than lose time by meeting at
twelve o'clock.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2&> nays 25^as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Bel], Bright, tfrod-
eriek, Chandler, Chesnut, Coliamer, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tie, Foot, ftamlin, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones,
Mason, Pearce, Pugli, Rice, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs Benjamin, Bigier, Brown, Clark, Clay,
CTmgroan, JEfoaglas, Fesseuden, Fitch, Fuzpatrick, Green,
Gwin, Uafft, Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, King, Lane, Mal-
lory, Polk, ReiJ, Shields, Siidell, Toombs, and Ward—25.
So the resolution was-adopted.
Mr. PUGH subsequently said: I move tore-
consider the vote by which the resolution of the
Senator from Michigan was adopted this morn-
ing, and I shall call it op before the adjournment
to-day.
ORDER OF BUSTNESS.
Mr. MASON. I deem it my duty, in view of
the message received from the President on yes-
terday, to take the sense of the Senate upon his
suggestion, that the Senate will consider and pass
the bill indicated in it. I shall not debate it, and
I shall regret if debate arises; but I move 
Mr. B1GLER. I have a memorial to present.
Mr. CLAY. I have a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia yield the floor?
Mr. MASON. No, sir; I am sorry to say I
cannot yield.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to make a report that I
think ought to be made.
Mr. B1GLER. I desire to present a memorial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia is on the floor.
Mr. MASON. I shall not debate the proposi-
tion, but we have had a message from (ho Presi-
dent, calling the attention of Congress to this sub-
ject, which he deems of great and pressing public
interest .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
interrupt the Senator from Virginia to call for the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone all prior
ordeis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday, is the motion to take up
the bill to which the Senator refers.
Mr. MASON. The motion of the Senator from
Louisiana, made yesterday, was to postpone all
prior orders, and take-up the bill (S. No. 500) to
authorize the President of the United States to
use the public force of the United States in the
cases therein specified. Upon this question I ask
for the yeas and nays. 1 shall not debate it.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to say that I
shall vote against taking it up, because it is my
purpose to move to take up the appropriation bill
if the Senate should refuse to consider the ques-
tion.
Mr. GWIN. Is this bill before the Senate ?.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of tfce
Senator from Louisiana is to take it up. That is
she question now before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of taking up this
bill in prefeience toarly measure before Congress,
appropriation bills or anything else, and I hope
ihe Semite will take it up, and act on it to-day,
Mr. HAMLIN. I desne to inquire of the Chair
whether this question is before the Senate? I
think not. The motion is now, if I understand
it, as stated by the Chair, to postpone the prior
orders of the day. That was a motion made
yesterday, and what were the orders for yester-
day died with the closing of the session for that
day, and the Question is not up. It was a motion
temporary in its character; it was limited to that
particular business; and it must require, therefore,
m my judgment, an affirmative vote to call up this
motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In order to put an end to
this question of order, which may occupy an hour
ortwo, I make amotion now to postponeall other
business and take up this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. On that question I ask for
ihe yeas and nays.
Mr. POOLITTLE. I do not desire to occupy
the attention of the Senate upon the proposition
itself which is involved in the bill reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, fout simply to
advise the Senate in advance, that if that subject
comes up for consideiation and discussion, I for
one shall not deem that I have discharged my
duty withoutexpressing my views, and express-
ing them fully, upon it. It is generally under-
stood, it is conceded on all hands, that the power
of the purse in this Government is already m the
President, under the law which governs the quar-
termaster's department, because under that lav/
the President can enter into contracts to an un-
limited amount for supplies and transportation for
the Army and Navy.
Mr. SLIDELL. I rise to a question of order.
I submit to the Chair whether this argument on
the merits of the bill is in order upon a motion
to take it up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has fre-
quently suggested that it is not in order ta discuss
the merits of a proposition on amotion to take it
up. * .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire not to occupy
five minutes; nor do I propose to make an argu-
ment, but I siftiply desire to state the question as
it appears to me. I say that now, just as the law
stands, the President holds within his hands un-
limited power over the purse of this nation, so far
as moving or supplying the Army or the Navy
is concerned. He can at his own pleasure run
the country in debt $100,000,000, if he deem it
necessary for the support of the Army and Navy;
because there is no limit upon the quartermaster's
department. He can make contracts now, bind-
ing upon the Government and upon the people
of this country, which cannot be repudiated, to
any extent. All that is now necessary, therefore,
to give full dictatorial powers to the President of
the United States, is to give.lum the power over
the sword, to say when he shall draw it, and
against whom he shall draw it. Give him that
power to be used at his discretion, and the whole
powerof thisGovernmentover the subject of war
and peace is gone from Congress. From that
hour it would be lodged in Executive discretion;
the days of the Republic would be past, and the
days of empire begun. I wilf not discuss it now,
but if the question is"to be pressed upon the con-
sideration of Congress at this session which is
involved in this bill, and which will substantially
c;ive to the Piesident the unlimited discretion to
make war at his pleasure upon all the Central
American republics, I shall desire 
Mr. FITCH. I must call the Senator to order.
The question is on taking up the bill, not on its
merits.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was amotion made
precisely like this yesterday, and upon it gentle-
men spoke, some of them for half an hour, some
of them three quarters of an hour; the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] delivered a speech
at considerable length. I do not propose to oc-
cupy five minutes. I simply propose to state the
question, and my purpose in relation to it; and I
say that if this bill is to be pressed, giving such
unlimited powers to the President over this ques-
tion of war and peace-with the Central American
States, as to when he will draw and when he will
sheath the sword, I, for one, shall not consent
that that bill shall pass without expressing my
opinions,and expressing themxitlength. I should
.regard myself as being false to my constituents
if I did not do so; and therefore I shall go with
the Senator from Virginia who stands before me,
that it is the duty of this Congress at the present
session to take up the appropriation bills and dis-
pose of the legitimate business now pending be-
fore Congress, and not enter upon a discussion
which would involve more considerations, and a
wider range of discussion, than any other ques-
tion that has yet been brought before Congress.
Mr. FITCH. I am with the Senatorfrom Wis-
consin in my opposition to taking up this bill at
this time, and hence the reason of my calling him
to order. I do not want this debate to go on now.
I am willing that this matter should come up in
preference to other business, but not out of order.
We only make rules here to violate them; only
prescribe an order of business to have an interm-
inable debate on motions to suspend it; and I sub-
mit to the Senator from Virginia, who made this
motion, that much more progress will be made in
the business if he will permit it to take the regu-
lar course. Let us be allowed to make reports
from committees, and not permit them to accu-
mulate here on our desks day after day; and.when
they are gone through with, his motion will be m
order,'and I will vote for it; but not now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that course will be
taken, or that th^ Senate will lefuse to agree to
this motion of the Senator from Virginia. There
is no ngw o#sudden exigency for this measure.
The President of the United States has only called
our attention to the recommendation of his mes-
sage at the opening of the session; and telecom-
munication, I very respectfully submit, is wholly
irregular anyhow—open to observation, and I do
not think the Senate ought to depart from it®
order of necessary business for its consideration?
one instant. It has been already submitted to
them; submitted to them before. Ipresumethey
know their duties, and intend to discharge them.
I do, for one, and therefore shall proceed with th&
regular business of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I have no disposition to inter-
fere with the business of the morning hour. I
did not mean to call up this bill until twelve
o'clock; but I understood from the Chair that it
came up at twelve o'clock as the unfinished busi-
ness. If it is ihe general consent of the Senate
that the question shall be taken on my motion
after reports are made, I shall certainly, with
great pleasure, yield, to allow reports to be re-
ceived. I want the question ta*ken by yeas and
nays, that we may dispose of the subject. As to
the suggestion that the bill may come up in its
regular order, I will only say that rt has been on
the Calendar for the last two months, probably,
and will there remain, and we shall never leach
it unless by a measure of this kind. If the Sen-
ate will allow the question to be taken when the
morning business shall be through, I shall yield
with pleasure.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot make any such
agreement, because I shall move to take up the
appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Lot us have the question now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded to postpone the prior orders, with a
view to take up Senate bill No. 500. On this
question the yeas and nays hctve been asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senatorfrom
Viiginia to modify his motion so as to say it shall
be taken up at one o'clock. Then he will get the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to modify-
ing it in that way, so that at one o'clock the Sen-
ate will proceed to the consideration of this bill
to the exclusion of other business.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to say that,
some time since, the Senate, at the suggestion of
the gentleman at the head of the Committee on
Finance himself, voted to give preference to the
Cuba bill over everything else. I took the floor
on that subject a few days ago, and I desire to be
heard-on it. I suppose if this is taken up out of
•its order, it will thrust that aside.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Vermont knows that I would not be guilty of any
discourtesy to him or any other Senator; but if it
is the pleasure of the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of this subject, it is with a view to su-
persede all other business. With every disposition
in the world to yield to him, if it be desirable to
him to speak to-day, I shall, with great regret,
feel that it is not in my power to allow this sub-
ject to be laid aside, if it be taken up.
Mr. CLAY. Did I understand the Senator to
.withdraw his motion for the present?
Mr. MASON. I have modified it so as to move
to take up the bill at one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to follow the
example which has been set me, of going into the
merits of the question on a mere motion about the
order of business. I shall myself vote against
this motion; not because I do not consider the
question one of great importance, and one that
ought to be disposed of, but I think it wiser in
the course of business, when we have an appro-
priation bill half considered, that we should dis-
pose, at least, of that first, before we take up a
measure which necessarily must lead to debate.
This bill involves important principles, in regard
to which there may be a great variety of opinion,
not only on the general question of any enlarge-
ment of the discretion which exists'in the Exec-
utive, under the Constitution, but also as to the
degree to which discretion shall be vested in him*
We have already seen the great differences of opin-
