58
.THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Selma? Was it because of his personal interest
jn Thomas M. League—that speculator who was
oscillating over the earth's curvature between Bal-
timore and Brazos, scheming iniquity and prac-
ticing wrongs ? Was it he whom Judge Watrous
was endeavoring to serve ? Oh, no. Judge Wat-
rous himself, doubtless, had an interest in the land
when he embarked on that journey. The reason
of his embarkation appears to have been this: It
was known to him, it was known to that swift
witness, Thomas M. League, that there was an
obstacle opposing the establishment of this title.
That obstacle was the prejudices of the people of
Texas. Itwas known that if the case, involving
this title, was tried before a Texan jury, if. would
be irrevocably lost. The astute judge and the
acute speculator laid their heads together and
confidingly consulted. League said to Watrous:
"My half shall he shared with you, Judge Wat-
rous, provided you, the only man on earth who
has the power of accomplishing the object, will
lend your official position to effect the transfer of
the suits, involving the title to this land, from the
people ofTexas to the people of the State of Louis-
iana;" and it was thus, that after the sale of one
half to Fro wand Price by Thomas M. League, and
their departure to Texas, the serious thought oc-
curred to Thomas M. League to call to his assist-
ance his friend Judge Watious, and the one half
ofthelandin the possession of Thomas M. League
he thought to divide with him, not in considera-
tion of the introduction of the parties from Ala-
bama, but of the avoidance of the prejudice of a
Texan jury—that lion in his path. What pro-
portion is there between the service of an intro-
duction to capitalists in Alabama and $75,000, the
worth of one quarter of the land for which it is
alleged to have been given ? If there is, why was
not Shearer inn oduced to a quarter share 5 Shearer
might well have exclaimed of.Tud o Wntrons as
did the Hotspur of the North of the silver Trent:
See. how this liver comes mu cranking in,
And cuts mi1 from the l)c.-t of all niv land,
A huge half moon, and moiisttous ca.mli; out."
Wasitthatthere was no capital in Texas? Why,
sir, the evidence of this* man, League, itself dis-
closes to us that there not only was capital in
Texas, but that he (League) was the possessor
of that capital. Let u.i see how this is: On page
§04 appears this evidence from League himself,
in contradiction of the allegation that there was
difficulty in finding capital m Texas:
Cl Question. Did yoii'Sct the deed at that time?
"■ Atis'rci. I (Jul; t'iom Mi--. St. John and Jacob Coulover.
ii Question. Yon paid tiio, money ?
" Jlnttrrr. N'o, mi ; my obligation was held as security for
the money.
•' ^h'v/mh. Yon had the title 5
"■ Ansn n. Ye--, Mr; but he held my obligation us .security
foi that amount n! inoncv.
w QtWtjji. Wax that obligation secured upon the land?
Awnrrr. !\o, su ; it w.i< upon other seeuiiUes.
kk Quc^ti^n. You had the .?amo title paper Irom which lie
diew fiiH deed 5
"Anwrr The deed from ]\Ir.<. St John to me, that was
n, and fiom that deed he diew the other one "
He discloses here that he had furnished security
satisfactory to his grantor that he would be able
to p.iy the purchase money, and that if his per-
sonal ability was nut sufficient, these securities
would beamplyao. Why then seek Selma? Why
find capital in Alabama, when there was capital
in Texas' Ijecnuse, .sir, it was necessary to in-
stitute suits m the Federal courts. The suits in-
stituted, why then introduce Jud^o Watrous >
jJeeausi l he suits commenced m the Federal courts;
no man on earth could create a reason for their
removal to Louisiana, except Judge Watrous,
and he only by becoming interested in the land.
Theic is the whole circle of the case, disclosing
not only tin: fact that Judge Watrous profited by
leason of the decision of the court in Louisiana,
to which, court this suit was transferred, by rea-
son of his official position, but disclosing also that
he intended precisely these consequences to flow
from precisely these acts. Did he not know that
those suns were to be instituted m Texas, m his
own court? Why, look at the evidence. It is
lull and explicit on that point. On pages 1525
and 3"26 is to be found, occurring in a letter
dufed Seirna, Alabama, November 8,1853, signed
"John W. Lapsley," and directed to Robert
Hughes, the counsel of the speculating company,
this clause, to which I wish now to direct the at-
tention of the House:
'■ J \v:i< induced to believe, by Mr League, and piobably
one or- two other gentlemen who were interested in the
land', that owing to the prejudice winch exists in Texas
against the eleven league grants, it would be best to try the
case at New Orleans;"and I had supposed, indeed, that you
were of the same opinion; but in this it seems I was mis-
taken."
Mistaken in that he thought that it was the
opinion of Hughes—not mistaken m the fact that
others concerned with him thought that that was
the course which should be pursued.
" Of course, I must d^ferto your judgment, though J con-
sidered the suggestions of Mi League and others, that tt
would be safer, on account of the prejudice which is thought
might.operate on the juries of Texas, to try the casein New
Oi leans."
Again, this clause occurs in a letter from Mr.
Lapsley—the same party—to Mr. League, dated
Selma, Alabama, December 30, 1851:
" These considerations"—
Speaking of the same fact—the prejudices ex-
isting on the minds of the people of Texas against
these titles—
—"induced toe to suppose (and so I thought we all agreed
at the tune of the purchase) that it would be better to have
the ca.se tried m New Oilcans than anywhete m Texas."
Now, I call upon the House to listen to a por-
tion of the evidence which fixes distinctly upon
Judge Watrous the knowledge that, at the time
the arrangement was made in Selma, these suits
were to take this course, and, through his in-
strumentality, were to be removed to the tribu-
nals of Louisiana. The venue is laid in Selma;
the placc in Selma, Prow's room:
" Question, (by Mr. Ku.mngiiurst.) Was Judge Wat-
rous piesent at these negotiation* in Selma, m July, 1850,
and when you were ovamimng the title ?
lk Answet. lie was in the room.
" Question, Did be take pait in the negotiations?
'• Jim-car. The matter wasdi>cus;«ed among us geucially,
while he vva-« theie; and it wa« understood that if we pur-
chased, we of Alabama were to advance all the money."
T have shown him in the room by the testimony
of John W. Lapsley. Now, by the testimony of
the same Lapsley, let us sec what occurred in the
room while he was there:
" Qnahony (by Mr. Ciiavman.) Was it mentioned in the
eonw of the consultation at tiehua where the Mwts> should
bi hmuohl ?
" Answer. T think that thing was spoken of between niv-
selt and my fiiciaK 1 have no paiticul.ir lecollection,but
I proMime it was s poken of. It was a matter which I sup-
posed was undcistood.
" Question. Was it understood that the suits should be
biougnr in the United States eouit at that time?
" Answer Yes • and the first information that I got of the
contiarv desire or intention was from Judge Hughes,stating
that he preleuvd to have the ca-es tried in Texas. 1 do not
recollect anything definite on that subject fm thcr than that
the matter was talked ovet. My own opinion wa> veiy de-
cidedly made up.
Question. Why did you prefer that the suits should be
biought in the United States courts ?
'* Anwcr. I piel'cired it foi the reason? stated m my let-
ter io League, because i had understood That there was some
piejudiee piovailmg m Texas against titles of this kind,and
I wa< aliaid to n<k it before a local jury.
" Question. Did you cxpect at the tune that the suits
would be biought in'the United States court and tried theie,
; oi did y u expect that they would be eortified foi tual at
' New Oilcans 11
! '*An<nce). I expected that if Judge Watrous remained
\ on the beiu h they would ceitauily not be tried there, but
I would be tiaiisfencd to New Orleans. I understood that
| was the neaie-t eoti't. and I expected it to be transferred
; tliei" u Judizo W atiou* remained on the bench.
; Quc.1 uu, Wthere any doubt about his remaining on
I the bench ?
! " Answer. None that I knew of; but I did not know but
I deatli or some casualty would remove him fioiuthe bench."
\ The judge was sure to his friends while life re-
' mained; but his friends doubted whetherhe might
! not die beneath the obligations winch he had as-
; sumed, and make no sign:
I I never contemplated having the case tried in Texas if
j Judsrc Watious icmamed on the bench. That was cer-
, taiiily never contemplated by me or any of my associates,
j Us lar as L have rea-ou to believe."
i Is more evidence still wanting? Do you want
| Judge Watrous to come before you and declaic
i that the reason charged is the reason why he was
J introduced into this contract ? Why, though one
! should come from the dead, if you would not be-
I hove this, neither would you believe him. But
; what says Love?
! " lie {Judge Watrous) came into ray office at the time the
writs weie being i-uied, I think ; and he -aid, in substance,
, ' Tins is one of my e>ise  ; I am inieies|f>diii ihis ease. You
will lose your lees, because they will have to go elsewhere
: to be uied.'"
I Again:
I " Question. And he toid you at that tune you would lose
] your lees?
| Jliu-vcr. jle said that that case would go to Louisiana,
i and I would lo.->c my lees,
" Question. Did he tell you you would lose your fees tbr
services rendered before the cases went to Louisiana?
" Answer. Of course not.
" Question. He merely meant, then, that after the cases
were tiansferred you would lose your fees?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. You state that Judge Watrous said to you :
' this is one of my cases, and you will lose your fees.' I
want to know what fees the judge referred to jn tbat re-
mark?
" Answer. The main fees in a cause are making up the
reeord after the trial. The clerk getb much per page for
making up the record. The beginning of a ease is so much
for issuing the writ; and the fees after that until the trial
aie veiy trifling.
" Question. Did not the judge's remark relate to all the
fees in the case ?
" Answer. I cannot say that, because I suppose it hardly
related to fees foi services which X had never performed;
but related only to services which I did perform.
" Question. What was his language ?
" Answer. Ho said this is one of the cases that will go to
Louisiana, and you will never got your tees.
u Question. Did you assent to that ?
11 Answer. 1 could neither assent to it nor dissent from
it, for I knew that he was interested and could not try tfie
And does the House suppose that when Judge
Watrous went to Selma, Alabama, and had there
taken his one quarter interest in the land, he
thought that he could try the case? No, you an-
swer; he must have thought that he could not try
the case; and ho must have thought, too, as you
cannot but infer, that he was taken into the spec-
ulation in consideration that, through his official
instrumentality, the title should never be present-
ed to a jury of Texas, where prejudice, it was
feared, would prevail against it, and in order that
it might be tried in Louisiana where there was
no such prejudice existing; and when you shall
have thus concluded, you will unquestionably pro-
nounce the probabilities to be that Thomas M.
League proposed these arrangements for a trans-
fer of the suit with special refeience to the obsta-
cles in the form of prejudices known to exist in
the minds of Texan juries against this title.
With these facts before me, were this case on
trial before me as a petit juror, and no other evi-
dence introduced, L would, with my hand on my
heart, answer "guilty, beyond a doubt, of the
charge preferred."
Sir, we have heard a voice from Texas. Its
resolution is before us upon our tables, speaking
in tones which never should have been disre-
garded, in language which should have pricked
the conscience of John C. Watrous. He was
asked by the representative wisdom of the State
to resign. Ten years have elapsed, and therein
judgment still he sits. There he sits? No, sir;
here he comes, resisting suspicion, regardless of
request, and repelling investigation,when another
would have invited the closest scrutiny, and have
courted the inquiry of an impeachment. To
the people of Texas, therefore, are we this day
amenable. We are called upon to quiet the agi-
tation of that people; to suppress rumors; to re-
move reports whether this man be innocent or
guilty; to assert his innocence or proclaim his
guilt. Ard further, sir, the people of this Union
are looking with interest upon the scene enacting
here to-day. They have religiously fostered the
noble institution transmitted to them by their
fathers—the judiciary of the Constitution; they,
as has ever been their wont, when turning their
eyes to the Supreme Court, would like still to
look upon the robed judge and fancy that in his
purity the better days of Rome were revived in
those of a greater than the Roman Republic.
This people here to-day claim that we shall in-
quire into the conduct of this derelict officer, and
that we shall present him to be tried upon the
oaths and honors of the Senators upon whom
devolves that duty by the Constitution of the land.
Sir, we owe it to Judge Watrous himself, we
owe it to those his friends who surround him.
Mistaken friends, misguided man, if you suppose
that official misdemeanor or suspicion of judicial
misconduct is to be removed by a successful re-
sistance of impeachment. It is only by seeking
an inspection of the case, by courting attention,
by challenging inquiry, nay, by besieging the
very Senate doors and demanding to have applied
" judgment to the line and righteousness to the
plummet,'' that the imputation of guilt can be
rebuked, or the fruits of innocence be triumph-
antly enjoyed. Sir, I would empowej our com-
mittee to proceed to the Senate Chamber,invested
with the dignity ofthegrand mquestof the nation,
and with their fasces before them, to exhibit ard-
