1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
cles of impeachment against John C. Watrous, a
judge of the court of the United States, for high
crimes and misdemeanors; and would omnowcr
th>.-m with a Homan firmness to require, in the
name of the people of the United States, and for
their good, that Roman justice be done,
BRITISH VISITATION.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, obtained the
floor; hut yielded to
Mr. CLAY, who asked the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United Suite? be r«-
Quc.-tfd, if not ine(,!i-i-«t<'iit with the public intcie.-t. to
communicate to thi- .ill nifounation m i;i*> posses-
sion, or which mav 1>< reaCter <hortly conic into hi#= posses-
sion rPi-ppctmic rfpom s' lecetit acN of visitation by officer?*
of the Jijiti-u navy, ot American veaaulu, in the wateis of
the Gulf <>[ Mexico.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. CLAY moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended; two thirds having
voted therefor.
The resolution was then received and adopted.
Mr. CLAY moved to reconsider to vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the table;
•which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, resumed the
floor.
Mr. ADRAIN. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I desire to state that I believe I rose before
he did, although the Speaker recognized the gen-
tleman from Louisana first, as the Speaker had a
right to do. I am satisfied that I had the floor;
but as the gentleman from Louisana is a member
of the committee, he is, according to usage and
practice, perhaps entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the remark of
the gentleman from New Jersey, the Chair begs
leave to state that he did not see the gentleman
from New Jersey upon the floor at ail.
Mr. ADRAIN. All I have to say is, that it is
very singular. I do not wish to dispute with the
Speaker, but I stood directly behind the gentleman
from Louisiana and addressed the Chair, while
thegentl'-man from Louisiana did notspeak at all.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman stood di-
rectly behind the gentleman from Louisiana, the
Chair would suggest that that is perhaps a good
reason why he did not see the gentleman.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President by J. E. IIentky, his Private Secretary;
which was laid upon the Speaker's table.
IMPEACHMENTOF JUDGE "WATROUS—AGAIN.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. My position
upon the Judiciary Committee, and the fact that,
as a member of that committee. I joined in a re-
port recommending the impeachment of Judge
Watrous, would seem to make it necessary for me
to take a part m this discussion. Rut, if it had
been otherwise, I should have felt it mv duty to
s^ek the floor for the purpose of giving expression
to my views in regard to the great question in-
volved in the resolution now before us. That res-
olution proposes to impeach ajudicial functionary
of the United States for high crimes and misde-
meanors in office. The position of the case, how -
ever, is a singular one. We find that there is
strong and decided opposition made to the reso-
lution, and that that opposition is based upon
positions which, according to my notions, art- m
violation of the principles of the Constitution;
are opposed to the practice of this Government
from its very foundation: and, if maintained,
would m the end be subversive of the administra-
tion of justice.
It is proposed by a portion of the committee
that John'C. Watrous, of the State of Texas,
should be impeached for high ciiraes and misde-
meanors. That recommendation is based upon
farts elicited upon an inquiry had before that
committee upon two memorials. One of those
inernoikils was presented by Jacob Mussina, a
citizen of the State of Louisiana. The other was
presented by Eliphas Spencer, a citizen of the
State of Texas. It is not now my purpose to on-
gaije in an argument of, or even to give a recital
of/the facts winch were elicited upon tint inves-
tigation. 1 shall not engage in any argununt in
respect to controverted positions on the evidence,
hut shall snripiy content myself by a reference to
certain facts which stand incontroverted and are
incontrovertible, and afterwards attempt to show :
that upon those facts as presented to this House,
it is our duty to the country, that it is our duty
to ourselves, to accuse John C. Watrous of high
crimes and misdemeanors, and call upon the Sen-
ate of the United States, the great constitutional
tribunal, clothed with the exclusive authority to
condemn or absolve him on that accusation, to
put him on trial at their bar.
I will refer first to the facts which are estab-
lished in relation to the memorial of Jacob Mus-
sina. In that memorial it is set forth that the con-
duct of Judge Watrous in a certain chancery case
pending in the district court of the United States,
within the State of Texas, was unworthy of a .
judge, and was calculated to injure a citizen, to :
deprive him improperly of his rights, and to dis- ■
turb the administration of jus'ice. Upon an ex- '
animation of the record of that case, it will be
found that that bill in chancery was brought oii- \
ginallv in the names of a number of parties, who ,
claimed to be the owners of a certain tract of land i
under a grant; and m the hill, as presented to that :
court, they asserted themselves to be, as beyond
all doubt they were, citizens of Mexico; they as-
serted themselves to be aliens. In the progress
of that cause, the right of the counsel who msti- ■
tuied the action to represent all those parties, was t
controverted. The fact was put 111 issue; it was
submitted to the judge; and the judge, by an order
passed, recognized the fact that the counsel who ,
had filed the bill was not employed by five out of ,
the seven oreight parties. The judge then ordered
those parties' names to be stricken from the bill
as parties complainants; but going beyond the
limns of ordmaiy proceedings, m the same order
it was suggested, and directed, that the counsel
should have leave to make those persons whose
names had been snicker, from the bill as plain-
tiffs, parties defendants, upon making the allega-
tion in the answer, that they were citizens of the
State of Texas. As citizens of Mexico, they
could not have been joined in a. suit as parties de-
fendants, because that would have ousted the
court of jurisdiction, and the court would have
been absolutely withoutanyjurisdiction and with-
out power to try the cause. The judge knowing
that fact—for it is to be presumed that judges
know something—knowing the fact that these
parties were citizens of Mexico, directed the coun-
sel to make an assertion of a falsehood upon the
record, m order that the court might have author-
ity to proceed.
Now, sir, upon examining that bill, it will be
found that not only was the distiict court of Texas
sitting as a court of equity, without jurisdiction,
because of tb" character of the parties before if,
but it will be found also tho t it was ut'erly without
jurisdiction in respect to the nature of the litiga-
tion. The matter presented for the decision of
the court was a mere question of title. That ss a
question which pertains to a court of common
law. By a statute of the United States, a court
exercising jurisdiction by the Constitution is pro-
hibited from exercising chancery powers in rela-
tion to any matters m reference to which there
was an adequate lemedy by an action at law.
But it has been stud that jurisdiction was given
to th.a court because of the nature of the contest,
it is said that this was an instance in which 1 he
parties complainant sought the exercise of the
equitv powers of the court to obtain peace. Sir,
there"is not one feature in this hill which could
give a court of chancery jurisdiction: and I will
call on any lawyer within tne limits of the House,
or within "the limits of the nation, to show me one
single case in winch a com t of chancery ever main-
tained jurisdiction m van action of this nature. The
bill declines it is for the purpose of a recovery on
the title. It expressly declares ihat it is not for
the purpose of obtaining a petition: for it is the
intention of the parties to make an amicable par-
tition, and thev wish the question of title settled
in order that they mav be able to make that ami-
cable partition, it is not a bill of peace; because,
Mr. Speaker, there had never been any suit in
regard to that title. There is not an instance
withm equity jurisprudence in which there ever
has been a bill of peace entertained by a court of
chancery when there had not been a long series
of litigation with respect to  ho title of property in
contest m courts of law. Under the system of
practice adopted in countries where the common
law prevails', the ordinary mode of trying tide to !
property is by actions of ejectment. But the ac-
tion of ejectment is, in its nature, a mere possess-
ory action. It decides nothing but the simple
question as to the right of possession at that time.
In consequence of this, under the principles of
common law, parties who conceive that they have
a better right to a piece of property ma^ at any
time begin, again and again and again, actions in
ejectment founded on the same titles.
In most, if not all, of the States composing the
United States, there has been legislation on this
subject for the purpose of preventing the evils
growing out of protracted litigation in this way.
In many of the States, it is by statute declared
that after a certain number of verdicts, the ques-
tion of title shall be considered conclusively set-
tled. But, I repeat, there is not an instance in
the whole circle of equity jurisprudence in which
there was ever a bill entertained by a court'of
chanccry to quiet a title—to give peace until after
there had been previous litigation in regard to
that title in a couit of law.
These are the particular points to which I wish
to direct the attention of the House, with re-
spect to the case presented by the memorial of
Jacob Mussina. I will now refer to the case pre-
sented by the memorial of ESiphas Spencer. I
will not attempt an investigation of the facts in-
volved in that case. That has been gone into
at length by a number of gentlemen, and many
of the most important facts have been referred
to, in a manner calculated to arrest the attention
of the House, by the gentleman who has just
closed his remarks, [Mr. John Cochrane.] I
shall, however, refer to two or three facts that
are presented l>v the evidence, and which cannot
be disputed or 'disproved. It is shown that the
tract of land spoken of by the honorable gentle-
man from New York—the eleven leagues of land
—was purchased by parties in Alabama, and by
parties in Texas, of whom Judge Watrous was
one. it is tiue it was sought in the course of the
investigation before the committee, by the testi-
mony of Judge Hughes and of other witnesses,
to show that at the time the purchase was made,
Judge Watrous desired that the litigation which
was to follow upon the purchase should be insti-
tuted and carried on in the State courts, and that
ho, Judge Watrous, had no agency or connection,
nor was he to have any agency or connection with
the management or direction of that litigation;
that he had no agency as to the choice of the
courts in which the suits were to be instituted;
that he had no agency or connection with the
management and progress of the case; and that he
could not, by any possibility, have had any;
because the legal title was m Lapsley. This is
stated, in so many words, by Judge Hughes, who
was examined before the committee. It is stated
in so many words by Thomas M. League, who
was also examined before the committee.
That record, however, contains evidence which
shows that these gentlemen were mistaken, and
that what they asserted was not true in point of
fact. This evidence does not depend upon treach-
erous or perverted memories. It is written evi-
dence, cotemporaneous with the transaction; writ-
ten evidence furnished by the parties, and which
preceded the institution of these suits, directed
where they should be instituted, and prescribing
under whose direction they should be prosecuted.
Mr. Lapsley, in his letter to Judge Hughes, of the
the 31st of'October, 1850, states that it was the
1 determination of the parties that the suits pieces-
1 sury to be instituted for the recovery of this land
should be brought in the Federal court of the
! State of Texas. In the latter part of this letter
! he states that he had sent a certain portion of the
! papers, but that there are other portions of the
■ papers m reference to this case which would be
; forwarded to him at a subsequent day, through
Mr. League or Jud^e Watrous; showing that at
that tinie^ Mr. League and Judge Watrous were
■ with Mr. Lapsley. In a letter dated the 2d of
November, only two days after the writing of
that letter of instructions to Hughes, directing
the institutions of the suits, Mr. Lapsley writes
another letter, in which he refers to the fact that
suits are to be brought in the Federal court; and
he then specifically instructs Mr. Hughes to be
f-uided in respect to the management and direc-
tion of the cases to bo brought—by whom ? By
Judge Watrous and Mr. League, who were par-
ties Interested with him.
