1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ion that exist. I have some desire to express my
own opinions, when the question does properly
come up; but I think the appropriation bills which'
have been reported on by the committee,and are I
before the Senate, may yvell be acted on first,
before this question, which must lead to general
debate if taken up.
Mr. MALLORY. I have onfy to say, that,
though 1 am in favor of the bill which it is con-
templated to take up, and shall vote for it at the
proper time, I shall have to vote against this mo-
tion now, because I do not wish to displace the
question on which the Senator from Vermont
lias the floor, and which, I apprehend, may be
considered to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
this is a motion to make Senate bill No. 500 the
special order for one o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. That is the substance of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 wish tostate
that I shall vote for no more special^rders. We
have a number of special orders now upon our
Calendar; and, instead of taking up the bills in
their regular order upon the Calendar, we go on
irregularly, and there is nothing at all done in
regular order in the Senate. 1 shall vote against
making this bill a special order for one o'clock,
without reference to what my course will be upon
the bill itself when it comes up. I must add here,
in continuation of what the Senator from Georgia
said, that I do not see any great emergency for
it. I see nothing so imperative upon us for action
on it at this particular moment. There is no out-
rage: there is nothing of an illegal or unlawful
character that is being inflicted on our citizens,
that we are aware of, just at this time; and the
President further informs us that he will resent
any attack on them. This seems to me to justify
us in proceeding regularly and safely with the
public business. He says, in this message:
" It [the executive department] cannot legitimately re-
sort to force, without the direct authority of Congress, ex-
ceptin resistingandrepellins hostile attacks. Xtwould have
no authoiity to enter the territories of Nicaragua, even to
prevent the destruction of the transit, and protect the lives
and property of our own citizens on their passage."
He says further:
" It is true, that on a sudden emergency of this charac-
ter, the President would direct any armed force in the vi-
cinitv to march to their lclief; but, in doing this, lie would
act upon his own responsibility."
The President informs us that, if there was an
emergency, if the rights of our citizens were vio-
lated in person or in property, he would march to
their relief at once any forces that might be in
the vicinity. Thus, they have protection at the
hands of the Executive, and it is not necessary
for us to postpone all other business to take up
this bill at one o'clock. It is a bill that 1 think
should be maturely considered. There are im-
portant principles involved in it in connection
with the appropriating powerand the sword of this
Government. I shall vote against making it a spe-
cial order for one o'clock, with a view of taking up
other business that I consider more imperative,
and more important to be transacted by the Sen-
ate, and among others is the homestead bill,
which I consider certainly equal in importance to
any bill that authorizes the Executive of this Gov-
ernment to make war and to conclude peace.
Mr. GWIN. "What is the question before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the motion of
the SefTator from Virginia, to make Senate bill
Iso. 500 the special order, to the exclusion of all
other business, at on£ o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I thought he moved to take it up
now. I am for taking it up.
Mr. SHIELDS. It strikes me that it is a most
extraordinary thing to call up, in this way, a
measure which, in my humble judgment, is the
most important measure that has come before the
Senate at this session, and will lead to more discus-
sion than any measuie which has conic before this
body since I have b«en a member of it. In my
opinion, when you have the Cuba bill under dis-
cussion, with a gentleman prepared to speak upon
it; when you have the appropriation bills sus-
pended, and the honorable Senator from Virginia
is pressing them upon the consideration of the
Senate; it°seems to me a strange course, to be
calling up these three important measures, and
have them jostling one another day after day. I
will never let this bill pass without speaking upon
it. I will never permit such a power as this to be
transferred from Congress to the Executive, with-
out giving my mind and heart upon the subject.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,
Chesnut, Davis, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatriek,Green, Gwin,
Houston, Iverson, Jones, Lane, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Iteid,
Rice. Siidell, ymith. Stuart, and Ward—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Bright, Broderick, Chand-
ler, Olark, Ulay, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Durkee, -Fessenden, Foot, Hamlin, Hammond, Harlan,
Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Mallory,
Pearce, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—31.
So the Senate refused to take up the bill for
cansideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to offer a bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to present a memorial.
Mr. CLAY. It is.out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a special
order before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is it?
Mr. CLAY. I move to postpone, all prior
orders, with a view of enabling Senators to.make
reports. I just ask that they be suspended for that
purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. For how long ? Any special
time ?
Mr. CLAY. I do not suppose it will take
twenty minutes. ["Agreed."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the general
sense of the Senate to suspend business until Sen-
ators make reports? [" Yes."] The Chair will
receive reports pf committees.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
petition of Gomez & Mills, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed. ;
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred the bill (S. No. 487) to provide for j
the sale of the military reservation at Fort Arm- j
strong, known as the island of Rock Island, in
the State of Illinois, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse report; which
| was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of R. S. Simpson, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BRODERICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of J. T. Wright, reported a
bill (S No. 597) for the relief of John T. Wright,
owner of the steamer America; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom were referred petitions of mer-
chants and other citizens of the District of Co-
lumbia, praying for an extension of the jurisdiction
of justices of the peace in this District, and a re-
vision of the fee bill, have considered the subject,
and find it so complicated that they think it best
to defer action on the subject. They therefore
ask to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petitions. j
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of State, showing the number
and designation of passengers arriving in the Uni-
ted States during the year 1858, reported in favor
of printing the usual number; and the report was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
! ferred the memorial of Frederick E. Sirkels, sub-
! mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
i 595) for the relief of Frederick E. Sickcls. . The
I bill was-read, und passed to a second reading, and
j the report was ordered to be printed.
! PENSION BILL.
; Mr. CLAY. I have been endeavoring for ten
: days past to find the Senate full in order to make
■ a report on a bill which, if passed, will require an
I appropriation of $30,000,000. It is the bill called
I the "old soldiers' bill." The report is bnef;and
| with the permission of the Senate, as I am more
i familiar with its contents arid the handwriting
I than any one else, I will read it, and I shall ask
! the action of the Senate upon it immediately. 1
| understand, on conference, that no one wishes to
' discuss the bill. The report sets forth that the
I Committee on Pensions, to which was referred
House bill No. 259, entitled " An,act granting
pensions to the officers and soldiers of (lie war
with Great Britain'of 1812, and those engaged in
Indian wars during that period," have hail thf
same under consideration, tod have instructed nae
to report that, in reply to a letter addressed by: the
chairman of the committee to the Secretary of thf
Interior, inquiring the aggregate aba aimual auni
of money that would be required to pay the pen-
sions allowed by this bill, and theadditionafpen-
sion agents and clerk® of the pension bwea'tl
rendered necessary by the passage* of t&e-bill, h,e
returned the following communication* prepared
by the Commissioner of Pensions; ' -
  . - -
Pension Office, S?, 1S59, -
Sir : I have the honor to return herewith the letter to
you from the Committee on Pensions in the Senate, referred
to me from the Department, on the 12th instant, inclosing
a printed copy ofHouse bill No. 2s9, entitled " Au aet grant -
ing pensions to t|ie officers and soldiers of the war with
Great Britain of 1812, and those engaged m Indian wars
dming that period,? and asking, 1 .
1. What sum will be required to be appropriated at this
session of Congress ?
3. What average sum annually requisite, and for what
pcnod thereafter:
3. What the aggregate sum necessary to extinguish all .
claims that may be preferred under the bUl ?
4. What increase-of clerks in the pennon bureau, and
of pension agents,it" any, will be required, and the compea-
satiou therefor.'
I a submitting an estimate of the probable amount required
to execute the proposed bill, it is proper that I should say
in the outset, that experience has proved that but little re-
liance can be placed on any such calculations. To prove
this, it is sufficient to state, when the act of June 7,1832,
granting pensions to tile soldiers of the war of the Revolu-.
tion, was under consideration in the House of Representa-
tives, a very elaborate investigation was made by tHe t Bi-
inittee having charge ofthe subject; but that their estimates
did not reach to one fourth the actual demand under the
bill,.after it became a law. It was then supposed that the
whole number ofpersons entitled to its benefits was ten thoi 
sand and filty seven, and that the amount of money required
to pav the pensioners under it, would average §907,608 for
: swell years. The (aeis are, that thirty-three thousand four
[ hundred and fourteen claims have been admitted, and over
■ eighteen million dollars expended ; and yet there are about
i two hundred surviving on the rolls of the seveial States.
I Iu'e&limatiug the amount'required for the new class of
! revolutionary widows, (those married subsequent to the
: year 1800,) provided for by the act of 3d February, 1853,
| tins office was not more fortunate in its calculations, not-
withstanding the advantagcsderived fioio experience in the
execution of similar laws. The estimate ol the amouftt,
supposed to be required under that branch ofthe aet,upto
June 30,1854, was $-24,000, but that sum was found to ire
so entirely inadequate that an additional appropriation of
&-200.000 became necessary. '
In the present ease, the difficulties to be surmounted are
not less than any pf those hitherto.encountered, and in some
respects, are certainly much greater. I have no reason,
therefoie, to 1iope that I shall approximate any nearer to
accuracy than former calculations have done.
The bill in question provides for services in the war of
1812 With Great Britain, and Indian wars of thatand former
periods, and grants pensions for Iffe to the surviving, and
to the widows of deceased, officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, and privates of the regular Army, State
•troop?, volunteers,or militia of any Stale or Territory j and
the officers, non-commissioned officers^ and marines lit the
naval service,'asfollows:
1. To those engaged in battlo, or who served twelve
mouths or more—$96 per annum.
i 2. To those who served less than twelve months, but as
i mucft as> six months—$7q per annum.
i 3 To those who served less thau si*>raonths, but as
1 much as sixty days—$50 per annum.
1 The necessary data for the required estimates are: r
> 1. The whole number of offieers and men engaged, and
the peuods of service rendered l>y them respectively.
2. The number who were engaged in actual battle.
3 The probable number o.f soldiers and widows who still
survive. . , . „
II has been found impracticable to ascertain the number
or terms of service ofthe forces engaged in the Indian war
of i8U, or those of previous years, it is not deemed very
essential. however, for the reason that the troops in sex vice
in 1811 are, no doubt, comprehended in the returns tor
: ] 812, and wilt enter into the estimate for that war, and be-
j cause the other Indian wars occurred "at such remote pe-
l riods that but few can survive.
; It appeals, from the reports of the-Adjutant Generals
■ office, that the whole number of offieers and men tn the
I jegnlar service, dunug the war of 1812, cannot be g vejj 
1 audthc nearestapproumationtoitisthenumericalstrength
j ot the Army at sundry irregular periods, namely:
! In February, 1813 - < 
: in September,     33'424
, 11 It must'be obvraus'ttia't these facts will not enable us to
determine what portion of these troops were m service for
the periods of two, six, and twelve months respectively.
<u however, the enlistments into the regular Army, at the
commencement of the war, weie for five years, it is not
unreasonable to suppose tliat the average lengih of service
still to be performed by those who were in the Army in
Julv 1812, was fully as much as twelve months. The num-
ber which,-in 1813, had been added to the Army, were, of
course, enlisted tor, and served over, one year; and if we
average the period of enlistment of those who entered the
Army between February, 1813, and September, 1814, we
shall find that they, too, had at least twelve months' service
