60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
In his testimony Mr. Lapsley declared that he
never gave any other instructions to Judge
Hughes, in regard to the place of instituting
these suits or the mode of conducting them,
than were contained in these letters. Now, Mr.
Speaker, as was well shown by my friend from
New York, the design of these parties was to
bring these suits in the Federal court of Texas,
in order that they might be removed to the State
of Louisiana. The honorable gentleman from the
State of Maryland, [Mr.DAVis,] in referring to the
case, on Saturday, stated tlidt it was clear to his
mind that that was the intention of Thomas M.
League. He admitted that that intention was an
improper one, and he said in so many words, that
if that design could be brought home to Judge
Watrous, he would then be prepared to impeach
him. I will say to that gentleman that the facts
in this case show that Thomas M. League and
John 0. Watrous are shown to have been part-
ners in a common undertaking; that they were
partners engaged in the prosecution of a com-
mon design;that they were partners who wished
to derive, and who have derived, a common bene-
fit from the same transaction.
Under these circumstances, under the principles
of the criminal law, instead of its being necessary
to do what the gentleman from Maryland sug-
gested was requisite in order to satisfy his mind—
to prove that Judge Watrous was actuated by the
same intention which influenced League—it would
be necessary for Judge Watrous, in order to ex-
onerate himself from such a charge, to prove the
contrary. The legal presumption is, the neces-
sary presumption is, that these men, being parties
in a common transaction, having a common in-
terest, professingacommon advantage, the neces-
sary presumption, I say, is, that they acted with
a common design, with a common intent, and that
they have, therefore, a common guilt.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I shall address myself to
what I conceive to be thegreat questions involved
in the inquiry now before us. The passage of
the resolution authorizing the impeachment of
Judge Watrous is resisted upon two or three
grounds. And, first, I will refer to the case arising
under the memorial of Jacob Mussina. It is said
that the ruling of the judge, when taking jurisdic-
tion of a case of which the court had not rightful
jurisdiction, was an error of judgment; anu that
a judge, for such a ruling, is not amenable to this
House, and cannot be subjected to an impeach-
ment. Mr. Speaker, I think that that position is
incorrect. I think that it is one which is dis-
proved by the past practice of this House, and by
the past action of the Senate, sitting as a high
court of impeachment. Gentlemen say that a
judge cannot be impeached and cannot be removed
from office unless lie has been guilty of corrup-
tion, or has done some act which involves the
acquisition of an unrighteous gain to himself. I
deny the correctness of that proposition. The
contrary is shown by the practice of this Govern-
ment from its very foundation. There have been,
Mr. Speaker, but three impeachments of judges
since we became a nation; and, to the honor of
the American judiciary be it stated, not one of
those impeachments has been based upon the
ground of corruption in office.
Tnere was the case of Judge Chase. This
House determined, after a solemn investigation,
that his conduct was a proper subject for impeach-
ment before the Senate. Was he charged with
corruption? No, sir; the charges amounted to
nothing more than this, that he had allowed his
pauisan feelings to become enlisted until his
political rancoi had induced him to bear down
oppressively upon a person brought befoie his
tribunal upon a criminal accusation. In that case
it was the sense of this House, as it was after-
wards the sense of the Senate, that such conduct
was unworthy of a judge; that it was of such a
character as to give foundation for an impeach-
ment,and that, if the allegations were established,
it would justify his removal from the bench.
Auother case was that of Judge Peck. Was
that a case in which he was accused of corrupt
practices, with proposing to obtain wealth, mo-
ney, pecuniary advantage? Not at all, sir. It was a
case in which he was charged with having, under
the influence of partiality, proceeding from no
matter what source, used his power arbitrarily to
oppress a member of the bar in the conduct of a
cause depending before his court. And what was
the decision of the House of Representatives, sit-
ting at that day, upon that charge ?. It was, sir,
that when a judge, underthe influence of personal
feeling, showed partiality in such a manner as to
operate injuriously upon the interest of a lawyer
or his client, it was an impeachable matter; and
if proved to the satisfaction of the Senate, would
authorize his removal from the bench.
There was yet another case, the case of Judge
Pickering. Was he charged with corruption ?
No, sir; he was charged with an error of judg-
ment; he was charged with an improper ruling.
It was not pretended that he proposed any pecu-
niary advantage to himself. But whether it grew
out of favor towards one party or opposition to
another party, he was charged with having de-
cided incorrectly and improperly under the influ-
ence of improper motives. This House consid-
ered in that case that an improper ruling was a
proper subject of impeachment where it was of
a gross and palpable character—thatit was proper
that the judge should be impeached and the mat-
ter presented to the constitutional tribunal in or-
der that if it was then found upon examination
that the interests of public justice required it, he
might be removed. And in that instance and
upon that charge the Senate of the United States
decided that he ought to be removed, and he was
removed by the decision of that august tribunal.
Mr. WRIGHT,of Tennessee. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman from Louisiana, while he is upon
that part of the subject, whether he understands
from the ruling in the case referred to, that a
simple error of judgment, without corrupt inten-
tion, would be a good ground of impeachment?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. No, sir; a mere
error of judgment would not authorize an impeach-
ment; but where a judge makes a ruling which
is in itself grossly and palpably wrong, it is the
right, and 1 believe it to be the duty of the House,
when it is brought to its notice, and it is of a
character to affect the rights of litigants or to
wrest aside or pervert the course of justice, to pre-
sent the fact to the Senate by impeachment of the
judge, in order that all the circumstances con-
nected with the improper ruling may be investi-
gated, with a view to ascertain what were the true
causes which produced it. If, upon investigation,
it were clear tnat it was the result of a mere error
of judgment, that there was no intention to op-
press, no intention to wrest aside the course of
justice, it would necessarily be the duty of the
Senate to absolve him. But if, on the other hand,
it should be found that the improper rulings were
the result of a desire to benefit one party, or to
oppress another; that the mind of the judge had
been influenced by hatred or affection, by feelings
of partiality or dislike, or, in a word, by any
motive which was inconsistent with the faithful
and honest discharge of the judicial function,
without regard to the character, position, or re-
lations of the parties, then to my mind it is clear
that the judge should be condemned and removed
from office. The Senate is the only tribunal au-
thorized to absolve or condemn in such a case;
and when there is reasonable ground to appre-
hend that a grossly incorrect ruling of the char-
acter spoken of has been made by a judge, it is
my deliberate opinion that the public interest re-
quires that he should be impeached.
Mr. Speaker, I will proceed to the other branch
of the case—that presented in the memorial of
Eliphas Spencer. In that case, it is shown that
Judge Watrous entered into an arrangement with
other parties for the purchase of a large tract of
land; that in consequence of his being a party to
that purchase, the suits which could have been
ihfhtfully tried in the district court of the United
States for Texas were necessarily removed to
Louisiana; and that it was the intention of the
parries, in making the arrangement, that the suit
should be brought in Judge Watrous's court, and
then removed to the State of Louisiana. And
what was the effect of this proceeding? It was
to compel citizens of the State of Texas, who
were entitled under the Constitution and laws of
the United States to have their causes tried within
the State of Texas, to have them adjudicated by
a tribunal within the territorial limits of the State
of which they were citizens; it was, I say, to com-
pel them to go into another State to follow the
suits brought against them, to impose on them the
burden of going to another jurisdiction; it im-
posed upon them the necessity of going to a court
holden at a distance of some five or six hundred
miles from the place where they resided; it en-
tailed upon them the necessity of employing
counsel in a country where they were unknown;
it imposed upon poor men a burden which they
could illy sustain, and it gave to wealthy men ad-
vantages which they knew well how to avail them-
selves of.
Now, sir, without attempting to investigate the
facts, without attempting to refer to particular
portions of the evidence, I shall assume that it is
clearly established that it was the intent and de-
sign of Judge Watrous in becoming a party to the
purchase with Lapsley and his associates, to com-
pel this transfer, with all its attendant conse-
quences, to the injury of the parties who were to
be the defendants in the suits to be brought for
the benefit and advantage of himself and his asso-
ciates. If this be true, and I cannot for a mo-
ment conceive how the fact can be controverted,
then it seems to me clear that Judge Watrous, in
becoming a party to that transaction, became a
proper subject for the exercise of the impeaching
power of this House.
But it is said by the opponents of the resolution
before us, that a judge of a United States court
had the same right to purchase land as any other
man; it was said by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] and several others, that Judge Wat-
rous had the right to be engaged in this transac-
tion, though his engaging in it necessarily led to
the *esults spoken of. Mr. Speaker, I differ in
opinion from all those gentlemen. That Judge
Watrous had the right to purchase land, as a
general rule, is beyond all dispute; but that he
had no right to engage in a purchase of land which
would interfere with the discharge of his duties
as judge, I think is equally beyond dispute.
But J will go further than this. I say that in
my opinion, Judge Watrous had no right, as a
man, to engage m that particular transaction
at all.
The honorable gentleman from the State of Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Ready,] who spoke upon this sub-
ject, alluded to oneof the witnesses who appeared
before the Committee on the Judiciary, in this
case, (Simon Mussina,) and strove to create an
impression in the House unfavorable to the char-
acter of that witness, by reciting the fact that he
jhad entered into a contract with parties now liv-
ing in Mexico, who claimed to be the owners of
the land in question under the same grant, which
he said was a champerty contract. Well, sir, I
am not here for the purpose of defending the char-
acter of Simon Mussina; I am not here for the
purpose of defending the character of the contract
entered into by him with a view to enforce the
title of parties in Mexico to the land, and under
which he is to obtain a portion of it for his ser-
vices in the event of success in the contemplated
litigation. The gentleman stated that the effect
of this arrangement, if carried out, would be to
oust the squatters, as he termed them, from the
land, and intimated,as I understood him, that,in
this, Mussina was acting against those in whose
interest he had prepared the memorial of Eliphas
Spencer. The gentleman will remember, and the
House will remember, that this arrangement was
made after the decision of the suit by which these
squatters were ousted from their possession, un-
der the claim of Lapsley, Watrous, and their as-
sociates, and that if anything grows out of it, it
will have the effect of ousting these parties from
the vast tract of land which they now appear to
have possession of.
But while speaking of this champerty contract
of Mussina, it seems never to have occurred to
the gentleman from Tennessee that Judge Wat-
rous himself was a party to a champerty con-
tract. What was the arrangement by which this
land was acquired? What do the facts show ?
They show that the title of this land upon which
Lapsley, Watrous, and their associates instituted
the suits against Eliphas Spencer and others, was
vested prior to 1850, and had been for many years
previous vested in certain other parties, who had
never attempted to enforce this title; that the grant
or concession under which this title existed cov-
ered some fifty or sixty thousand acres of land;
that a large portion of this vast extent of land
was in the possession of settlers who had made
it productive by their toil—had made it their
homes, and who had been in the quiet possession
of it for years; that Judge Watrous was himself
