1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
A bill (H. R. No. 535) for the relief of. David
Watsor^
• A bill (H. E. No. 496) for the relief of the rep-
resentatives of Henry King;, deceased;
■ A bill (H. R. No, 2G1) for the relief of Leon-
ard Loomis; and * *\
A bill (H. R. No. 973) for the relief of John
F. Cannon.
CONSULAR ANJD DIPLOMATIC 331 Lt,
Mr. HUNTER. I now submit my motion to
postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of taking
tip the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed tho con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 666) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1860; the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Pugjt, to strike out the
following clause:
" For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and
commissioners oftlie United Stares at Great Britain, Fj .nice,
Russia, Prussia, tfpain, Ausuia, Itiazil, Mexico, China,
Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia,
Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Tuikey, Bncnos
Ayres, New Giatmda, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guate-
mala, Nicaragua, Sandwich fflamU, Co^ta Kiea.llonduius,
Argentine Confederation, and Paraguay, $214,000."
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary and ministers pleni-
potentiary ot the United Stales atGieat Butain. Franco,
Itussia, Spain, Bitizil, Mexico, and China; for m'iI.uk'h ot'
ministers resident at Pm^ia, Austria, the Arsentnu' Con-
federation, Clnh,Peru, Portugal, tfwitzci'land, Home, Hol-
land, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, Japan, Venezuela, and
INevv Granada; lor the salaries oi' coimm^ioneis t > tin;
Sandwich Inland* and Paraguay, «!ious>aisd dollars:
Provided, That the duties of liie minion of tlieHJinied
States at Naples shall be disoluuged by the minister ivm-
dent at iiome; those of the mission at Saidima,bv the min-
ister resident at Switzerland ; those of the minion at Del-
glum by the minister resident at Holland; tho.-e of the :
several missions at Ouatujnala, lionduta-, Nicaragua, and '
Oostailica,by the mim^tei residei>iati\ew(iianada; tlio^-e j
of the mission al"Bolivin,by tlie minister resident at Peiu ; !
and those of the mi>Mou at Eumdot, bv the imm-tci iOi>- '
ident at Venezuela: *>3nil provided furlhct, That no other
embassador, envoy extraordinary, minister readout, com- ]
nnsfriorier, or ehai««S d" .Jl.mea, t-hall he entitled to an v corn- !
pensation dining the ^aid h-ent year. " i
Mr. PUGII. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. i
Douglas] had the floor on that amendment when j
the bill was last under consideration; hut I do not {
see him here. I dt> not know whether ho had iin- j
ishod his remarks or not. I wish to say a word.
3 want to call the attention of the Senator from
.New Hampshire [Mr. Hamg] to a remark that
seems to implicate me to some extent, i find in
the Globe that, while 1 was speaking the other
day on this subject, he suid; ' j
" I tried to explain that in executive se^ion,l>m I ruled; '
and 1 behove I did not stuffy the H.jn.itor from Ohio." !
The reporter says there was " laughter "at that j
point. There might have been. 1 did not hear !
the laughter, nor the remark, us (he Senator sat '
behind me; but it was wholly inappropriate, for j
I was not here the first month of the session, and '
therefote was not nrexee.utive session at the time
the nomination was pending to which he alluded. :
Now, another word for the benefit of the two
Senators from Virginia. One of then), who is'
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
thinks it will not do for us to touch the diplomatic I
system on tins bill; and the other, who is chair- j
man of the Committee-on Finance, thinks the bill ■
has been perfected to such an extraordinary de- |
gree that it will not do for us to touch it. The j
fact is, the bill appropriates for two missions at i
the same place: that is the amount of care which j
has been bestowed upon it. The bill provides for j
the salary of a minister at BucActe Ayres, and at j
the Argentine Confederation, and it is the same ]
mission. That is the amount of care bestowed j
on it. It is by this piessing of appropriation |
biils through, and ur^ni^ the necessity of them j
upon us, that we get into making these loose and '
vague appropriations. I need not be told of the
care of the Committee of Ways and Means of the I
House, nor the care of the House, nor the care of 1
our own Committee-on Finance, when 1 see in the j
bill as gross a blunder as that. 3t saiisfies nit: the J
Senate ou^ht to pay more attention to it. How- :
ever, I believe that I expressed my views suffi- :
dently the other day.
We have seen, within the last year, that the ;
President chums the power, under his consfitu- I
tionalauthority, or by law, to elevate our ministers >
to whatever rank he pleases,'andtkusto increase i
the burden upon the Treasury. I do not think
he has any such power under the Constitution,
nor, rightly defined, any such powers under the
law; but if he has it, I am- for providing that if
these*gentlemen want an increase of rank, they
shall have no increase of pay without t)ie consent
of Congress by law. Therefore I hope my arnend-
ment will"be adopted. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
j' on it, in order that I may ascertain, once for all,
■ i whether this shiftless system of diplomatic ap-
jj pointments is to be continued.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
!j Mr. SIMMONS. When thisamendmentwas
|| -up the other day, I asked the Senator from Ohio
j if he would take some care to ascertain v/here
j; the appropriate places would be for ministers
jj where he proposes to have one for two, three, or
I! more States. I should like to inquire of the Sen-
j! ator if he has ascertained, since wc had this qfles-
i tion up before, where the appropriate place for
j, the minister's residence would be if wc were to
jj send him to more than one Court. For instance:
jj the amendment requires the minister to Switzer-
ji land to do the duties of minister to Sardinia.
11 Now, would it be better for him to reside inSar-
!< dinia, or in Switzerland ?
!' Mr. PUGH. I have made no inquiry about
' that. I do not consider it material, for this rea-
!■ son: the minister is uecredited to both Govern-
ments; he may reside at which ever place he finds
: the most important business to b'e transacted, and
doubtless will do so. I do not think it material.
Mr. SIMMONS. Where does'the present min-
ister to Central America reside ?
Mr. PUGiJ. 1 think he is an itinerant minis-
ter, like the itinerant bishops of the Methodist
Church, traveling all around. You make him
travel the circuit.
Mr. SIMMONS. Does that save money?
Mr. £UGH. It does save. It saves half the
salaries of a £rcat many of these men.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 understand the proposition
is to appoint a minister to New Granada, to do
service in three other States; and he. is to have a
half salary for each of the States where he is
accredited.
Mr. PCJGM. I think not.
Mr. >SIMMONS. That what 1 understood.
A man residing at Bogota, or some place there
in the mountains, seven or eight hundred miles
from the other States, is to go to them.
Mr. PUGH. My impression is, that if he is
accredited to one Government, and is called upon
to perform duty at an adjacent Government, in
that case he gets fifty per cent, of the sakuy; but
where the number of Governments to which he is
accredited is increased he does not get fifty per
cent, ni every case. I had the law heie, but some
one has taken it from my table. Kventhat would 1
be a .mvin**. • j
Mr. SEWARD. It is several days since this j
subject was before the Senate, and 1 do not now !
understand exactly the extent of the honorable '
Senator's amendment. There are ccrtain portions |
of the plan which he has suggested to the Senate !
that I should be very happy to vote for. There |
are others that I am not prepared to sustain. I'i
wish to ask him whether it is possible to divide ]
his proposition; so that, in regard to the Ccntial |
American question, I can give a distinct vote j
without committing myself to the residue? j
Mr. PUGH. 1 ask, then, for a division of my -
amendment in this form: The tirst branch ofthe 1
amendments to define how many ministersplen- i
ipotentiary ami envoys extraordinary we shall !
have;1 and that reduces the grade of the missions
to Prussia and Austria. They ought not to be of .
the highest grade. They ought to be reduced, j
Our relations with Austria and Prussia do not •
justify them. That may be the first blanch. The
second one defines the ministers resident and j
commissioners; the other one will be upon the i
question of consolidating certain of these mis-
sions, nnd even that may be divided so [hat we
may vote on each mission. The iirst branch of |
the question may be taken on reducing the num- '
ber of envoys extraordinary. ;
Mr. MASON. The only effect of the plan ofI
the honorable Senator from Ohio, if it. should be
adopted by Congress, would be to bring the exec- j
utive and legislative departments in collision upon j
their respective constitutional rights. The Pres- j
dent, I take it for granted, would feel himself!
bound, from constitutional obligation, to regard I
the Constitution and to disregard the law. I had
supposed that there could be no clearer proposi-
tion than that the grade of the minister, and the
country to which he'should go, as well as tho
duties he was to discharge after he got there, re-
sided with the Executive, and were placed there
by the Constitution,
In the law of 1855, which was drawn up as I
have said, by a very able member then of the
House of Representatives, in some way a provis-
ion of this sort got into it: the law said the Presi-
dent should appoint ministers of a certain grade
to certain countries; and the President at that day-
very properly declined to execute that law, and
afterwards it was remodeled in such a way as to
leave tho power in the President to determine the
grade of the mission. Now, I submit to the hon-
orable Senator, if he thinks it is wise that this dis-
cretion should be vested in Congress, and not in
the Executive, that the only way to get at it is to
remodel the Constitution. Congress might do
this, if it thought proper; but I should think it
would be an unwise exercise of its discretion.
Congress might say that the salary of a charge
d'affaires or the salary of a minister resident being
j limited to such an amount, we will appropriate
| for a "minister resident only, to Prussia, or for a
! charge to Prussia; and in that way, it might re-
i strict, but I think unwisely, the Executive discre-
| tion. But at last, if Congress were to legislate in
i that way to limit the salary to Prussia, orto Sar-
! duiisi, or to any other country, to the salary ap-
! propriate to a minister resident, or to a charge,
; although, certainly, the President could give the
j minister no other compensation, he has full
j power to laise the grade of the mission; and you
I cannot take it from him.
; 1 think, therefore, the only effect of this propo-
I nition would be to bring the two departments
| into collision without attaining any other object
j than bringing about that collision: for it is clear
j —no gentleman doubts—that the Executive is a
department of the Government, as entirely inde-
pendent of this department, as this department
is independent of the Executive, and made so by
the Constitution forgreat and wise purposes ;and
it is not in our power to trench on the authority
of the Executive, or to take frofn him what the
Constitution gives.
Mr. BENJAMIN". 1 had intended, the other
day, when this subject was up, to say a few words
on it, although the Senate is impatient of debate,
and we all desire to getawotc^ I concur very fully
in the gem ral views of the Senator from Ohio. I'
desire very much to see the appropriations for our
foreign diplomatic intercourse cut down; but I
would suggest to him whether he lias taken ex-
actly the right course for that purpose. When
the bill was passed, a few years ago, the question
arose, as stated by the Senator from Virginia,
and was submitted to the Attorney General. Tie
gave it a very elaborate investigation. I have sent
for his opinion,'wlucli is contained in the last vol-
ume ofthe Opinions ofthe Attorneys General. He
showed, by the early practice of the Government,
by the interpretation put tvpon the executive and
legislative powers at the oiigin of our Govern-
ment, that it was at thart tune considered that the
Executive had the sole control of [lie foreign in-
tercourse of the country, and that-the only control
the legislative^ department of the Government
could properly exercise over him was in limiting
the appropriations; and accordingly, in the early-
history of the Government, as the Senator from
Vuginia remaiked the other day, the plan adopted
was this: a certain amount of money was set apart
i for meeting the diplomatic expenses of the Ex-
| ecutive, ami he was allowed to expend that sum
| injustsuch missions as he pleased; butCongress
, did not assume, and, 1 agree with the Senator
I from Virginia, could not well assume, to indicate
j the precise grade or rank of each minister that
j should be sent to each foreign Power. If the
President has business to be conducted with any
; foreign Power, which, in his judgment, requires
! an envoy of the first rank, we cannot, by law, pre-
] vent h)s sending to the Senate a nomination for
' an envoy of that lank. Congress may refuse to
! appropriate for him; hut if the President sends to
j the Senate a nomination for a minister of a par-
I ticular rank 'to a particular Power, we cannot
j lefuse to act upon his recommendation, on the
I ground that there is no law authorizing him to
! send such a grade of minister to such a point.
