1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
the appe.il, and alwavs have that soirse time before
the loth day of January. 1KS7, Mr. Daniel E«:hsr-on, ol Gal-
veston. stated to him. at chambers, that he willed to take
an appeal foi Jacob Mussina m the ohove case, and that the
judge inquired whether the time limited foi taking appeals
had exjmed. and was informed it had not. The judge then
replied : 1 Mr. Mu-Ssina has a right to an appeal, and I wiii
allow it as a matter of comse, when the opposing counsel
shall appear, and I will fix the amount of the bond.5 It is
his practice to allow appeals in the presence of counsel.
Mr. Hale, the counsel lor the defendants, lives in Galves-
ton, near to the place where the court was held, and was*
daily in court. No application seems to have been made m
court on the subject of the appeal; no citation was presented
to the district judge; no bond for his appioval. The con-
versation with Mr. Atchison, at the chain!wr& of the judge,
respecting the appeal, is all that was said to him on the
subject. If it weie mentioned in open court, he has no lec-
olieeiion of it. \
"The clerk of the cou/t, the deputy cleik, the crier, the i
marshal of the United State?., and his deputy, who weie in :
attendance on the court, all corroborate, on oath, the *tate- ;
mem ot the judse, anil bay no application was made in open j
court for ihc appeal; and no entry on the docket w found 1
of such an application. From the certified copy of the peti-
tion for an appeal, it does not appear to have been filed, or :
that entry of it was made on the dockt t. i
" A paity wishing an appeal should make an application |
for its allowance in open court, or to the judge at hi& cham- |
bers, and should name his securities. And the bond should ;
be prepared tor the approval of the judge, and the citation |
for his signature, unless the appeal was prayed m open !
court and entered upon the record. It appears the decree ■
in question was enteied jointly against several defendant?., ,
and that an appeal by Patrick 0. Shannon only, who was }
one of the defendants, was taken. Simon Mu^ina, on ;
whose oath the rule was entered, was asrent for Jacob Mus- j
sina, Angela Garcia Lafon Tarnava, who were alf-o defend- !
ants, and he desired that these persons might be allowed an
appeal, and also the other defendants, so as to remove the .
case to the Supreme Court. At this time, the cause was
pending in the Supreme Court, on the appeal taken by Shan- •
non. That appeal was irreeular, as less than all the defend- ,
ants m a joint decree cannot appeal without a summons
and severance m the court below. And this was not done •
on Sbnumm's appeal. 1
"The regular mode of proceeding would have been to ,
dismiss the appeal m this court, pray for another appeal in ;
the court below, and for a summons and severance, so that <
the defendant? desirous of an appeal might take it. without !
the concurrence of those defendants who were opposed to ;
it. Had the appeal been prajed m open court, and entered
upon the record, the judge below might well have refused
it, as the legal steps for its allowance were not taken. Under ,
such circumstance^, it was the duty of the judge to act m
the pte&ence of the opposing counsel. (Owui^ et <0 is.
Kincannon, 7 Peters, 339; Todd et al. vs. Pumel, 16 Peters,
521.) ;
" Whether an application might not have been made to
this couit to correct the modularity of the appeal, is not
before us under the rule for the mandamus. The wiit is
refused."
So much forjudge Watrous's attempt to pre- i
vent an appeal. j
The final decree was pronounced in January, 1
1852. In January, 1854, upon cause shown, the ,
following order was made: j
On this day the surviving complainant^ in the above en- :
titled cause, town: Maria Joseta Cavazos and Estafana
Goseascochea de Cortina, by their couuH-d, ^iggoted tne ;
death of Raphael Gaicia Cavazos and Job6 Manuel i'aeto, -
and theieupon their motion, tiled on the 4th da} of Janu- 1
aiv, 1854. tor a rule acam^t'Jacob Mussina, one of the de- ;
fendants, came on to'be heatd on the allidavith and doeu- j
merits filed in support of the said motion ; and the same •
having been fully coiieidcj cd, it is now oidered by the court !
that the said Jacob Mu>-ana do, on or betoie the l-"t day or t
February, A. D. 18j4. jjIiow cau^e to tins eouit why a per- j
emptor}' attachment should not issue agamst him tor con- .
tempt of tins court in disobeying the ordei and injunction
of the court contained m the final decree reiuleied in tin*
cause in the following paiticulars: First, by persisting in
setting up and still claiming a title m himself to a portion of :
iands mentioned m the said deciee,asto which he is these- ,
by enjoined against the said complainants befoie the sev-
eral Departments of the Government of the United Slates
at the city of Washington, Disuiet of Columbia, and par-
ticularly before the Quaitermas-ter Cieneial and c?eer< tary ot ,
War, on or about the 18th day of Au.ju-t, A. L). lcx>2, and |
thereafter, to the great injury of the s aid Mana JoseraCav- ,
azos; second, bv setting up and asserting such claim of
title in a suit instituted bv him on or ahum the 2Cth d iy ot
Mart h, A. I>. in the fourih district court of the eiry ot
New Oilcans? and State of Louisiana, ngaiik-t Wdimm All- >
in«. Chaile--; Stilhmm. Samuel A Bekleh, Kh-ba Bas:-e, and
ftobeit II. Ilord ; and. timd, by da,mini*and abating &uch
title in Sunbelt toap«atson of the land aton said, l>> his- patol
declarations and written statements, made by Inm-elt oi his
authoi izcd auent eont-tantiy and repeatedly since tlie said ,
final deuee "ui tin- oau-e was- :endere.l And in ea-e the
said Jaeoh %ni^nu do not >ho\v chum4 as aforc^nu. on or
befoic the day afousaul, then that peremptory attachment ,
atohce is-ue ayum-t lum.:*
A copy of the order was served on Mussina at ,
his place of business, in New Orleans, lie ap- .
pearedin court and asked for further time to an- ,
swer. It was granted until the IS'th ot February.
Ho f hen put an answer according to the statement,
of his memorial, as follows : 1
That he had nev"i. knowinslv or intentionally^tre^dtd
with dts-R^pect tne law-; ot anyof the tribunals ot the Uni-
ted States and that H has always been Ins v  i h and purpo-.y ,
to show ail beeniiiifiii let poet to the law - and to ah the fu-
bundle < f the {'mted*States, and that he h'Hnever intended ,
to violate, or attempted to violate, the injunction ot tins ,
honorable court, and being satisfied that theiccan be no
contempt where none wu„: int< mled, and not b«;mg awure
that there has been am* disobedience of said injunction since
the i?atne was served on him about May, 1852."
Of course, the answer was held insufficient, or
rather to be no answer; the attachment was made
peremptory against his person, which the mar-
shal returned "notfound." A writ of sequestra-
tion was then granted against his property. This
was returned nulla dona; and so the matter ended
by Mr. Mussina violating the injunction with im-
punity. He has the effrontery now to make this
matter of grave complaint, or rather his brother
Simon docs so, in his name.
I will not take up the time of the House in at-
tempting to answer the allegation that Judge
Watrous went to the city of New Orleans and
ensconced himself in a private room in a public
hotel for the purpose of attempting to corrupt
the supreme court of Louisiana. There are
; some propositions which require only to be stated
j to make manifest their absurdity; and this is
I one of them. Let any one read, if he pleases,
^ the answer of Judge Watrous to this point, and
| see the reason which he gives, why upon that
j occasion he desired privacy indeed, but not se-
' crecy—a reason which it has not been attempted
to disprove, not a particle of evidence having
I been adduced tojmpeach it. Nor shall I notice
i the charge of sending to certain distant counties,
| to the exclusion of others nearer, to obtain a jury
| for the court at Brownsville, further than lo refer
j the House to the testimony in the case, and partic-
! ularly to that of the deputy marshal, Mr. Cleve-
I land, (page 173, et seq.,) where it will be found 1
| (hat an older to this effect was asked in open court j
j by parties concerned in the litigation in that court j
| who did not believe that an impartial jury could ;
I be obtained m the vicinage; that the outer was J
| warmly opposed by William G. Hale, a lawyer, s
j who it has been charged was the pet and favorite j
j of Judee Watrous; and that the order was made !
! notwithstanding his resistance. Nor shall I j
| dwell upon the resolutions of the Legislature of j
i Texas asking Judge Watrous to resign. Wheth- j
| er he is popular or unpopular is a matter which ]
l it is not our business to examine. I think it was I
i on one occasion, when this argument was at- i
] tempted to be brought to bear againstLord M&us- j
i field, in the high exercise of his judicial func- :
j tions, and he was informed that public sentiment 1
! required him to take a particular direction, that j
| he said—and the sentiment is worthy of immor- |
! tal record—" I would rather be one of the pillars ;
I in the temple of justice to uphold and sustain it, \
\ than the vane on the top to point out the ever- :
: fluctuating breezes of popular opinion." _ ;
i This is the character of the case v,hich is pre- j
i sented to us by the memorial of Jacob Mussina. ;
; The ghastly specter of falsehood shrinks into its !
I natural proportions, and shows its native hideous-
{ ness at the Ithurial touch of the weapon of truth.
; The other charge against Judge Watrous iscon-
, tained in the memorial of Ehphas Spencer. That,
, too, is of very grave import. It alleges that Judge ,
{ Watrous, by confederating with other wicked, j
: corrupt, and designing men in Texas and Aiaba- j
' ma, discovered a forged title to some fifty or sixty <
! thousand acres of land m the State of Texas; that J
i they found they could buy the land for some seven j
thousand dollars; that they were to purchase it in
j the name of one of the conspirators—for that is
what they have been called here—resident in Al-
; abama; that they were then to bring suits upon
; that forged title against the legal and honest ov/n-
i ers m the Federal court before Judge Watrous;
that lie was to tiy and decide the cases, and they
to make a common division of the spoils; that
failing in tint object, by the accidental discovery
i ot"the }ud^>:'s interest, the casus were to be trans-
ferred to New Orleans; that to sustain this forged,
this fictitious, this felonious title, Judge Watrous,
: with other of his confederates, sent an Irishman
to Mexico to suborn a witness; that they brought
■ him to New Orleans under the promise of securing
untold wealth, took his deposition, which sus-
1 tained, or attempted to sustain, the forgery by the
■ commission of perjury. Inotherwords,thecharge
' is, m its length and bteadth, that the judge has
been guilty of uttering forged documents knowing
■ themto be forged; and to sustain himself and carry
, out his plan, had also been guilty of subornation
' of perjury.
! IXis case, as you are told, was before the last
Congress, and was there investigated ex parte.
We are told that an ex parte report was made. .It
was not acted upon. It was again referred to the
Judiciary Committee the first session of the pres-
ent Congress. We find that one of the nine mem*
bers of the committee has not .acted upon it. We
find the opinions of the rest of the committee
equally divided; or, in other words, in poplar
parlance, they had a " hung jury" upon it.' If
we were to analogize their proceedings to that of
a grand jury, that would amount to an ignoramus
of the bill—sufficient to set it aside and require
no further proceedings upon our part. But each
branch of the committee make their report. The
reports are upon the table, and have been read
and commented upon by many gentlemen much
more fully than I shall do. I wish merely to state,
in general terms, as the result of the examination
which, somewhat carefully, I have given to this
testimony, the few leading propositions which I
think are cleaily and satisfactorily established by
the evidence.
I think it appears, in the first place, that Thomas
M. League, a citizen of the State of Texas, dis-
covered a tract of land which he could purchase
on such terms as he believed would be profitable
and advantageous; that he made an executory
contract, by which he was to Irnve the privilege of
purchasing for the period of thirty days, though
he was not bound to do it unless he chose. We
are told that League was a speculator in land.
Now, that is an argument which I conceive would
addressuself with singularforce toajuryof squat-
ters, whether in Texas or Wisconsin; but it doe^
strike me as being rather out of place in this
presence, everything and everybody considered.
Speculating in land! Why, sir, from the time
of General Washington — who, we are told by
his biographer, was an extensive speculator in
western lands—down to the present time, I be-
lieve it has been the fortune, or misfortune, of a
great majority of our moneyed men to be en-
gaged in land speculations somewhere at some
tune. If you speculate at all, in our new States
and Territories, there is little else to speculate in
besides land. They have no stocks there. They
had at that time in Texas no raihoads, no banks.
What was there to speculate in? What is there
to speculate in in a new country, excepting in
lands? And I undertake to say that, not only as
a matter of morals but as a matter of political
economy, that the disposition of the American
people to speculate m lands has been one of the
great means, one of the vital instrumentalities by
which tins vast continent of ours has been ex-
plored and peopled with such unexampled rapid-
ity.
Thomas M. League was a speculator in Iands,
although proved to be a gentleman and man of
character. He discovered the opportunity of
making what he considered would bean advanta-
geous purchase. ITe had referred the title for ex-
amination to three of as able lawyers—it may be
said without disparagement to the other lawyers
of Texas—as the Slate afforded. They had pro-
nounced the title valid and indefeasible. He hap-
pened accidentally, as he tells us, to mention the
subjectin Judge Watrous's office to a young gen-
tleman from Alabama, Edwin Shearer, saying
he was unable to perfect the transaction for want
of money. Thereupon the judge, to whom the
conversation was repeated, temarked to young
Shearer, "Ned, perhaps your brother-in-law
would like to participate in the purchase." It
; was exactly m that way, and m no other way, if
: we are to believe the testimony in this case, that
' Judge Watrous came to know anytmng about the
I matter, or to have any connection with it. It
i arose out of a mere casual conversation which
had spuing up in his presence without purpose or
premeditation.
■ I will not follow the various preliminary steps
■ by which the trade was brought to a consumnia-
' uon. Suffice it to say, that from that time for-
ward, a series of transactions did occur by wnich
Mr. League came into contact with five gentle-
men from the State of Alabama, gentlemen who,
we are told—and it has not been gainsayed—are
men of the highest respectability; and they finally
concluded an agreement by which League, who
^ had been negotiating with the former owner, was
: to complete the purchase and convey the title by
1 deed of general warranty to Mr. Lapsley, one of
I the Alabama gentlemen. The trade was to inure
