1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In the origin, this power was exercised in the
way J have indicated. The President looked over
our foreign relations; and at different times, up to
the year 1798, he made use of the appropriations
of mcney allowed by Congress in sending abroad
such diplomatic- agents as he desired, with such
rank as he desired, to such countries as he de-
sired to send them to, and made return to Con-
gress each year of the way in which he had ex-
pended the fund.
Now, by the Senator's amendment, we under-
take to designate to the President to what coun-
tries he shall send agents, with what countries
he shall entertain relations, and what shail he the
grade of the agents he shall send. I think these
are purely Executive functions. I think he cannot
reach this evil, which I admit to exist, of the very'
unnecessary multiplication of our foreign agents,
who really do nothing whatever. 1 do not Sup-
pose there is a solitary thing done by the minis-
ter to Rome at any time, except to introduce Amer-
icans to Court balls, and to kiss the Pope's toe;
anil so with fifty other .missions that we have,
scattered in ail the minor Powers both in the Old
and the New World.
Let uh then, sir, take into consideration what
we deem oursel.ves to be a sufficient fund for keep-
ing up the foreign intercourse, on a footing that
recommends itself to our judgment; let us appro-
priate that fund, to be used by the President in
the foreign intercourse of the country; let him se-
lect the grade of agents to the countries with which
he wishes to keep up this intercourse; and, being
limited m the amount to be expended, the State
Department will very soon find out where it can
dispense with ministers, and where it ought, to
dispense with ministers, if the Senator will shape
his amendment that way, so as to bring ba'ck the
practice of the Government to what it was under
Washington, I will go with him, heart and soul;
but I cannot agree to pick out particular missions,
with our limited information on the subject, and
say how the President shall organize them, what
grade of agent he shall send abroad, and which of
them he shall discontinue. 1 am sorry to have
detained the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am unable
to subscribe to,the doctrine which has been ad-
vanced o„n this floor, that the entire arrangement
and composition of the diplomatic establishment
of the United States is independent of Congress,
except that they may be consulted so far as to pro-
vide the moneys to be oaid for their salaries or
compensation. I agree tnat, by the law of nations,
it is the duty of the United States tg be a social
nation, to maintain intercourse of friendship and
amity and commerce with all other nations. I
agree, also, that accoiding to the practice of mod-
ern nations, the United States must maintain in-
tercourse by ministers appointed for that purpose,
with diplomatic functions. But, sir,.I find no-
wheie in the Constitution any grant of exclusive
power to the Pt evident of the United States to de-
termine where those ministers shall be accredited
or the length or duration of their offices. They
are descnhed in the Constitution just as all other
officers ai'e described—m the mostgeneral terms,
indeed—but still in language as definite as that
which describes other officers:
He [the Pre.-ident] shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make ticaties. pio-
vided two tin ids of the Seinttois present concur; and h«>
*hnll nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of
the Sei-ate. s-h.i!i appoint embassador. otiiei public irnnis-
teif. and consul*, iudaes ot tiie Supreme Court, and ail oilier
oiiicit oi the United State?, whot-e appointments ^ie not
hf.Me:n otiuMwi^e provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished ay law.'5
The Congress of the United States, it seems to
me on this rending of the Constitution, have ex-
actly the same right to direct, and are under the
same responsibility to direct, where ministers
shall be accredited, how long they shah remain
m the discharge of their duties, in the appoint-
ment of ministers to other countries, on the
grounds of the public welfare or expediency, that
they have in regard to consuls and in regard to
unjwes. The whole subject, it seems to me, is !
nfcired by the Constitution to the discretion of ;
the Congress of the United States. With this
■view of the subject, L am obliged to differ from
those who say that tnc President has power to
appoint ministers, and that Congress have no
check or power of restraining the Executive there
except by refusing to appropriate for till salaries.
But if there were good reasons for the proposition
which I have been endeavoring to controvert, it
still seems to me that the am'endments proposed
by the honorable Senator from Ohio avoid the
objection which has been made. His amend-
ments^re merely-to strike out the appropriations
for ministers, leaving the President all the power
that he would have should the bill pass without the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. And now, in regard to it, I see several
propositions here which I think it is quite as good
to adopt now as at any other time. I see no rea-
son why the minister of the United States at Na-
ples should not be authorized also to perform the
duties of minister resident at Rome; why the
mission at Sardinia may not also embrace Swit-
zerland, with which our relations arfe notat all em-
barrassing or difficult; and why the mission at
Belgium might not also be conferred upon the
same person who performs the duties of minister
resident at Holland. So in regard to the Central
American and South American States: and, in"
deed, in regard to many of these States, it is ap-
parent that there is no necessity for a resident
minister at all, but that special agents and minis-
ters may perform the duties.
I have explained, now, my general view of the
subject: and when the Senator comes to take the
sense of the Senate on these several propositions,
1 shall with great pleasure vote for them, if the
honorable Senator from Ohio will put them in a
position where I can discriminate.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator A om
Ohio to say Buenos Ayres and the Argentine Con-
federation are the same placc. I believe the fact
to be that Buenos Ayres was once m that confed-
eration, but she is now separate. We have had
within my recollection separate ministers to Bu-
enos Ayres—Mr. Pendleton and afterwards Mr.
Harris.
Mr. PUGH. .Then it has been created in the
last year; for it is not in the Blue Book; and it is
another case to show the extravagance of the sys-
tem. I do not intend to go into this argument'.
I think the reply of the Senator from New York
is perfectly triumphant. In the first place, if I
should grant the whole premises of the Senator
from Virginia and the Senator from Louisiana,
ray amendment does not touch it. My amend-
ment simply fixes the appropriation. If the Pres-
ident has power to appoint any more ministers,
•he may appoint them with all the rank he can
give them; but we do not pay for them. That is
all my amendment proposes. As for me, I con-
sider that he has no-more right to appoint a min-
ister at his fiat than he has to add to the number
of judges of the Supreme Court; not a bit more.
He has no more right to appoint a minister to
Great Britain, without authority of law. than he
has to make twenty judges of the Supreme Court.
Nor do 1 understand that there has been any such
practice. Congress authorized him, m early time,
to appoint envoys extraordinary without naming
the places, because he used to send one man to
half a dozen Governments; but I am glad that
the Senator says that, because at Buenos Ayres,
which is a s.mall State, separated from the Argen-
tine Confederation, we now have a new. mission.
salaries; and.the only change I have made from
the original bill is, to provide that we wSH not
pay the salary of ministers plenipotentiary and
envoys extraordinary at the courts of Prussia
aftd Austria. There is no need for theninhere;
we have no business with them adequate to such
a f A ~
Mr. MASON. 1 ask that the amend menVshall
be read. The honorable Senator has ftiddiiied it,
I think, once o* twice, and*I really do not know
what its provisions are now.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to strike out from line seven, and insert: ' "
• For salaries of envoys extraordinary a fid ministers plen-
ipotentiary of the United States at Great Britain, France,
Russia, Spain, Brazil. Mexico, and China; for salaries of
ministers resident at Prussia, Austria, the Argentine Con-
federation, Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Hol-
land, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, Japan, Venezuela, and
New Granada; for the salaries of commissioners to flie
Sandwich Islands and Paraguay  thousand dollars:
Provided, That the. duties of the mission of the Uniiud
States at Naples shall be discharged by the mijmicr resi-
dent at Rome; those of the mission nt Sardinia by the nuu-
i&ier resident at Switzerland ; those.of the mission to Bel-
I gium by the minister resident at Holland; those of the
several missions at Guatemala. Honduras, Nicaragua, and
Cost a Rioa.by the minister resident at^ew Granada; tho«e
of the mission at Bolivia by the minister resident at Peru;
and those of the minion at Ecuador by the mmtetei resident
at Venezuela: jfvd pro tided further, Th&t no other em-
bassador, envoy extraordinary, minister plenipotentiary,
ministers resideht, commissioners, or chargSsd'affaires shall
be entitled to any compensation during the said lineal year.
Mr. MASON. Then the effect of the amend-
ment is simply this:, to prescribe, in the first place,
to the President what shall be the grade o£ the
missions to the countries enumerated 
Mr. PUGH. Th^ effect of the amendment is
in accordance with the Senator's idea, to appro-
priate a sum of money, which would-'be the sal-
ary of an envoy extraordinary at these places;
but If he chooses to appoint a minister of less
grade, there will be a less salary. "We allow him
money enough to give the highest rank.
Mr. MASON. Then the amendment does not
read so. The amendment appropriates salaries
for ministers plenipotentiary at England and the
countries embraced within one class; it appro-
priates for ministers resident at Prussia and the
countries embraced within that class, &c. Now,
that is to take from the President, or rather to
assert the right to take from the President, if he
thinks proper to send a minister plenipotentiary to
Prussia instead of a minister resident. Then, in
the next place, it prescribes who shall be the per-
son to discharge diplomatic duties at one or more
countries. It takes from the President the-iield
of selection.
Mr. SEWARD, The honorable Senator will
allow me to make a suggestion "there. It does not
take from him the power of discrimination of the
persons by whom, or the character in„which,ne-
gotiations shall be carried orun those countries,
but it does say that the Congress of the United
States will pay a certain class of agents, and it
does not say that it will pay any other class if the
President should send them. 1 should like to hear
the Senator on that.
Mr. MASON. It says this; provided that the
duties of the minister-at one placc shall be dis-
charged by the minister at another place—that is
It is since the printing of the Blue Book; and I i the language of the amendment.
see, by the newspapers, that the President has n Mr. PUGH. That is, the same person shall
'' discharge the duties of the missions at two places.
Mr. MA-SON. It reads, " provided that the
duties of the mission of the United States at
Naples shall be discharged by the minister resi-
: dent at Rome."
Mr. SEWARD. That is a proviso.
| Mr. MASON. That is perfectly immaterial;
1 it is an enactment. Now, that is to say to the
Executive, that it is the will of Congress that
whoever you shall appoint minister resident at
Naples shall discharge the duties of minister res-
, ident at Rome. The Executive may differ with
Congress in that, and may differ for wise reasons;
... —j. - -   .' but you are calling upon the President to pass
so now; let us tell him we are not going to a^pro-^ fi om the Executive,the power that the Constitu-
nriate money for any higher grades'nor any more j, tion lodges m the Executive to transfer it to Con-
' - • 1 ' ' -- i 1 - • gress; and how? Not by a consideration, with
: proner deliberation, of the relative power of the
1 Executive and the. power of Congress, but by a
i sudden amendment here to-an appropriation bill,
i I do not doubt that the end of the honorable Sen-
ator can be attained, so far as the number of these
' missions is concerned, by limiting the appropri-
j ations. He may put in an amendment to this bill
tendered the mission to Bogota to some gentle
man, and the gentleman declined it. When is
this thing to end? Every little petty prince, or
every little petty anarchy—fori do not call them
Republics, or even Governments—that sets up,
the President can appoint a minister and of any
grade; can make every one of them envoys extra-
ordinary and ministers plenipotentiary, we are
told, ff he has tins unlimited power in the ap-
pointment of ministers, and can appoint as many
as he pleases, what is to prevent him from ap-
pointing twenty ministers to England—twenty-
five envoys extraordinary? Gentlemen say we
do not appropriate the money. Let us tell him
!! •
_ -ades*nor any more
officers than those which we name; and, if he
appoints more, their glory shall be their compen-
sation. That is my amendment. If the Presi-
dent has any such power, it does not take it away
from him; it simply holds on to the purse of the
nation. The division which I propose is, that
we may first vote upon the number of envoys ex- j
tmordnmry, and for which we will appropriate the (
