THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1858.
New Series....JJo. 5.
Mr. ADRIAN obtained the floor.
Mr. READY. I ask the gentleman from New
Jersey to yield me amoment of his time to answer
an interrogatory propounded by the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Reagan] in his speech of Satur-
day, as published in the Globe. He had not an
opportunity of delivering all of it in the House;
but had the permission of the House to publish
the remainder, and it is to answer an interrogatory
there contained that I desire now an opportunity.
Mr. ADRAIN. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. READY. The following is the paragraph
in the speech of the gentleman from Texas to
which I refer:
" Here is as proper a place as any to call the attention of
the House to a paiagraph m the report of that part of the
committee which reports against the lmpeachmentofJudge
Watrous. It is as follows :
" ' This property, it appears, consisted of a tract of land
in Texas, granted by tine State of Coahuila to Thomas dela
Vega, and located and sold by ln  attorney, Sainut-l M. Wil-
liams, one of the empre$sarios of Texas, associated with
Stephen F. Austin, for whose benefit, and to release whom
from imprisonment m Mexico, the land was sold by Wil-
liams.'
"Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Ready,] upon wjio>c authority that paragraph was in-
serted in the report? And I respectfully ask Imii for an
answer before the House. There was no such testimony
before the committee that I am aware of. And I want to
know who it is that is obtruding the name of that great man,
to whoso memory the people of Texas look with pride, to
prevent the trial and punishment of Judge Watrous ? I know
the gentleman did not put it there without authority, and
that, tile cause of justice demanding it, he will state the au-
thority for saying that this La Vega grant was sold to release
General Austin from imprisonment in Mexico."
Without intending any disrespect to the gentle-
man from Texas for making the inquiry, 1 should
not have deemed it necessary to have made an an-
swer at all, because the fact stated is merely given
in the form of a historical narrative of the Le
Vega claim, or concession of the land in contro-
versy. I say, I should not have deemed it neces-
sary to answer the question but for the fact that
it is apparent that he is laboring under the im-
pression that some individual, whose name does
not appear on the record, has communicated the
information upon which the statement is made;
and in order that his mind may be disabused upon
that subject, I feel that it is due to the gentleman
from Texas, as well as to the gentleman to whom
I suppose his remarks point, that I should answer
his interrogatory.
The statement in the report to which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee refers, was not made upon
the information of any gentleman whose testi-
mony does not appear in the record of the case.
It was made upon the testimony of Samuel M.
Williams, whose testimony was given upon the
trial of the case of UtTord and Dykes—the record
of which was filed before the Judiciary Commit-
tee as evidence on the charges against Judge ^Wat-
rous. In the testimony of Samuel M. Williams
it appears that Stephen F. Austin was the prin-
cipal owner of this Thomas de la Vega tract as
well as of two others, which were granted by
Coahuila and Texas. It also appears from the
deposition of the same witness that Stephen F.
Austin lived in the State of Texas in 1833, and
went to Mexico from whence he did not return
until about August, 1835. It is a part of the his-
tory of the times, that during this period of the
absence of Stephen P. Austin from Texas he was
incarcerated m prison in Mexico. It also appears
that this Thomas de la Vega tract of eleven
leagues was sold by Williams as the agent and
attorney-in-fact, or purporting to be the agent or
attorney-in-fact, of Austin m April, I think, of
1834. In his testimony, which was more partic-
ularly in reference to the Raphael Aguiire tract—
for that has the one more particularly in contro-
versy—he states that the proceeds of the sale of j
that'tract of land were used by Stephen F. Aus- I
tin, when he was in Mexico; and, of course, ;
while he was in prison. It further appears that !
the Raphael Aguirre tract was sold before it vvas
actually granted. Perhaps it may have been too
strong an inference, but I felt authorised, as a
member of the committee, in arriving at the con-
clusion, as a fair inference from the testimony of
Williams, that inasmuch as the proceeds of the
sale of the Aguirre tract made in 1834, went to
Mr. Austin while he was incarcerated in prison
in Mexico, the proceeds of the sale of the Le
Vega tract took the same direction. That is the
testimony upon which the statement was made,
whether it was authorized or not.
Mr. REAGAN. This morning I called the at-
tention of the gentleman from Tennessee to the
part of my speech above quoted. I have looked
as carefully as I could to* the testimony, and I
have handed him the book in order that he might
find the testimony, if it were there, upon which
the statement was made. I have not been able to
find in the testimony any evidence that any of the
Sroceeds of the sale of either the La Vega or the
ie Aguirre tract went to release Stephen F. Aus-
tin from prison. I have called attention to it for
the reason that it seemed to me an unauthorized
use of the name of a great man, whose name is
everywhere venerated m Texas, to shield the
greatest judicial offender this country ever pro-
duced. I ask the gentleman from Tennessee now
to read the testimony upon which he felt himself
•authorized to make this statement?
Mr. READY. I wish to say one word in reply
to the gentleman.
Mr. ADRAIN. I would like to accommodate
all these gentlemen if the time occupied is not to
be deducted from my hour.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I hope, by general
contest, the gentleman from New Jersey will be
allowed his full time after thi3 explanation.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair supposes that, by
general consent, the time occupied by the gentle-
men from Tennessee and Texas will not be de-
ducted from the time of the gentleman from New
Jersey.
Mr. READY. I should have read the testi-
mony o f this Samuel M. Wilhamsupon that sub-
ject, but I should have had to read more than I
thought a proper understanding of this subject
would render necessary m order to enlighten the
House. I stated, in my first remarks, that it
was an infcrer.ee drawn from the testimony of
Samuel M. Williams. I stated that he made a
positive declaration that the proceeds, or a por-
tion of the proceeds, of the sale of the liaphael
de Aguirre grant went to Stephen F. Austin, of
Mexico; but inasmuch as the other land was sold
while he was ill prison, at a time when he would
be more likely to need means than at any other,
I inferred that the proceeds of the Thomas de la
Vega tract also went tlieie. Nothing could be
fui ther from my intention than to cast any impu-
tation upon Mr. Austin. I have had some knowl-
edge of the character of Mr. Austin from an early
period up to his death, in 1836. I have had the
pleasure and honor of some personal acquaintance
with Stephen F. Austin fan J I can testify that he
] was a man of intelligence. I believe him to have
| been an honest man'm every sense of the term,
1 and as patriotic and as brave a man as ever
! breathed the breath of life. I would be as far
i from casting a stain upon his memory as any man
I living. I may be permitted to add that I had
] friends who were nearly and dearly connected
with mc by the ties of blood, whose bones now
bleach upomthe plains of Texas, who lost their
lives in the war of independence, and whose his-
tory and reputation are, to some extent, identified
with those of Stephen F. Austin; and therefore I
would protect his memory as 1 would that of those
of ray own blood.
Mr. REAGAN. I am satisfied the gentleman
from Tennessee was influenced by no improper
purpose in the insertion of this inference in the
report as a fact; and my purpose is accomplished
now that it has come to the knowledge of the
House that this was an inference, and not a fact,
dedueible from the testimony.
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not presume that I am
possessed of sufficient ability to enable me to shed
anv new light upon the important subject now
under consideration. It has been most ingeni-
ously and ably argued by the ge^emun who
have preceded me; and I only rise Wnotice a few-
points in the case, and to throw out a few obser-
vations which have influenced my mind and which
will lead me to vote as I intend to do on the ques-
tion of impeachment of Hon. John C. Watrous.
It is scarcely necessary for me to observe that
this is a very important subject, and one which
requires at our hands a calm and deliberate con-
sideration ; and I was very much gratified that the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the other
day, stated that he did not intend to close the de-
bate upon this subject until the House showed a
disposition to have it cloised, in order that this
subject might be fully and thoroughly investiga-
ted. It is a question deeply important to Judge
Watrous himself; and I should be very sorry to
see him placed on trial before the Senate of the
United States without a sufficient cause. But, sir,
it is equally important that an example should be
set of any judge who soils his robes and has
shown a want of integrity in offiee—a judge whose
duty it is to hold the scales of justice impartially
between man and man.
Much, Mr. Speaker, has been said of the in-
dependence of the judiciary of this country; Kit
that is not the question in dispute ^ere. Who is
debating that point? Who is doubting the wise
provision of the great men who framed the Con-
stitution, when they put a provision in that Con-
stitution making the tenure of the office of judge
that of good behavior, which is tantamount to the
same thing as for life ? And my friend from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] to whom I listened the other
day with so much pleasure, expressed his thanks
to the great and pure men who framed the Fed-
eral Constitution, for having made the judges in-
dependent; but, at the same time that they pro-
vided for a manner of appointment, inserted also
a provision in that instrument by which dishonest
and corrupt judges could be reached and brought
to trial.
Itis said here that Judge Watrous is persecuted,'
and hunted down by clamor and" by prejudice. If
that is true, I hope we will at once dismiss the case,
because I should be very sorry to see him sent to
trial to the Senate upon mere clamor and preju , .
dice. The gentleman from New York [Mr. *
Clark] stated the other day that Judge Watrous-
was an unpopular judge, and that he admired an
unpopular judge. So do I when I know the causes
that make a judge unpopular. I have known
judges who are petulant; J have known judges
who are unsocial in their intercourse with mem-
bers of the bar, and with suitors in their courts.
They may become unpopular in that -respect, but
that would not lessen the high regard 1 might
have for their legal attainments and their integ-
rity of character.
Bat is that the reason why Judge Watrous is
unpopular? Is that the reason why the people in
his district are afraid to come into his court and
submit their claims to his decision? Why,sir,
we have, in the record here before us, resolutions
passed by the Legislature of Texas condemning
Judge Watrous, declaring him unfit to sit on the
bench because of his being wanting in integrity
of character, and declaring that he is a man who
cannot hold the scales of justice equally between
parties. That is the reason why he is unpopular.
We have recently seen, Mr. Speaker, an instance
of a most distinguished judge, (Judge Campbell,)
who delivered a most able and lucid charge to a
jury at Mobile, on the true meaning and intent of
the neutrality laws of this country, and what
constitutes a violation of them. That charge has
excited a great clamor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And ought to.
Mr. ADRjAIN. Although he delivered that
charge among a people that were oppesed to the
views he expressed, yet he had the courage and
independence to exercise his own judgment and
to take such a view of the subject as accorded
with the law and with his own convictions of
duty; and 1 do not hesitate to say, from an exam-
ination of that charge, that it was highly credit-
able to tiie judiciary of the country, and that its
argument is unanswerable, even by my very dis-
tinguished friend behind me, [Mr. Stephens,]
