66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IS,
■who has just remarked that it ought to have ex-
cited a clamor. That judge maybe unpopular, and
his is the kind of unpopularity which I admire.
It is that which excites my admiration; and I
commend, with all my heart, such a judge to the
admiration of my honorable friend from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] and not a judge from Texas,
who is polluted, whose robes are soiled, and in
whose character the important element of moral
integrity is lacking.-
It is not only important, as the gentleman says,
to have an independent judiciary, but it is import-
ant to have an honest judiciary; and I am glad
that those great men who framed the Federal
Constitution did not make the judiciary of the
United States so independent as to put it beyond
the reach of our power.
It has been argued here, Mr. Speaker, that we
are not sitting in the character of a grand jury to
investigate the subject; but that, according to the
view of the honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Clark,] we are sitting here as if we were
trying Judge Watrous on his guilt or innocence;
that we were entering on the investigation of all
the facts and circumstances as if we were here
sworn as a court. I differ with the gentleman.
We sit here simply in the character of a grand
inquest. And when those great men who framed
the Constitution of the United States provided that
the House of Representatives should have the
power of impeaching, and the Senate the power
of trying, thiey were following out a groat prin-
ciple of common law—that a bill of indictment
should be first found, and that then that indictment
should be tried before another jury different from
that which found the bill. My friend wont out of
his way, as I thought, when he declaimed against
the system of grand juries, as if it was an engine
of oppression and wrong. According to his opin-
ion, grand juries ought to be abolished. Accord-
ing to mine, they are the safeguard of innocence,
protecting men from clamor and prejudice. When
a man is suspected of or charged with crime, he
is not hurried to trial; but his case is first to be
investigated before a grand jury to see if there is
a probable cause for putting him on trial; and then,
if there be, he is to be tried before a petit jury.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to show that we do'notsit
here in the character of a court of trial, let me re-
mark that we are not sworn to try this ease. No
additional obligation is placed upon us to investi-
gate this matter. But look to the Constitution of
the United States, and you wtll perceive that be-
fore the Senate proceeds to the trial of a person
accused before them, its members at e to be sworn.
They are to take an oath additional to the oath
they have already taken as members of the Senate,
-fully and fairly to try the case that is presented
before them. If we enter on the trial of Judge
Watrous, to decide his guilt or his innocence, we
then infringe, as 1 conceive, on the prerogative of
the Senate, which has the sole right to try a man
on a bill of impeachment that this House may
have found against him. Our duty is simply to
see if there is a probable cause for putting Judge
Watrous on trial before the Senate.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the charges that
are brought against Judge Watrous ? Two me-
morials have been sent to this House, praying
for his impeachment; one by Jacob Mussina, of
Louisiana, and the other by Eliphas Spencer, of
Texas. I do not think that there is anything m
the memorial of Mussina that calls on us to find
an impeachment against the judge. The princi-
pal charge in that memorial amounts simply to
this: that Judge Watrous, in a certain case that
was tried before him, in which Cavazos and
others were complainants, and Mussina interested
as one of the defendants, decided tfbmc points of
law against Mussina. 1 maintain that, although
Judge Watrous may have committed an euor of
judgment on some of these points of law, yet that
does not furnibh a sufficient ground of impeach-
ment. We are not a court of appeals. We are
nothere for the trial of nice questions of evidence
or of other legal points; and U appears from the
record in this case that nearly one half of the de-
cisions made by Judge Watrous were in favor of
the defendants—forty-one for the complainants
and thirty-four for the defendants. I understand
that there were only seven points as to which the
defendants complain of Judge Watrous's decision.
Wc, sir, are not to look at Judge/Watrous's legal
opinions and to review them. The question Is,
whether, in this suit of Cavazos and others,
against Mussina and others, he acted corruptly;
and whether, in making his decision, he was
actuated by any bias, by any ill-will or prejudice,
or by any interest in the case. And yet it is
proved most distinctly, and is admitted .upon the
part of the gentlemen who have reported in favor
of impeaching Judge Watrous, that in his de-
cision in that case, there was nothing like cor-
ruption. Why, he did not even know this Jacob
Mussina, and had not a cent's worth of interest
in the case. Finding, therefore, that in the rul-
ings that ho made in that case he was not operated
upon by ill-will, or by prejudice, or by interest,
or by any corrupt motive, I am willing to say,
that upon the memorial of Jacob Mussina, this
House ought not to find a bill of impeachment
against Judge WatnJus.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
where he gets the evidence of the number of ques-
tions decided against the one and the other of these
parties? I have never heard of it before.
Mr. ADRAIN. It is stated in the record that
appears before us.
Mr. REAGAN. I would be glad -to have the
gentleman point to it. It is new information to
me.
Mr. ADRAIN. I cannot now lay my hand
precisely upon that point in the evidence. But I
found it stated somewhere in the record that there
were so many rulings for the plaintiffs and so many
for the defendants. But that is perfectly imma-
terial. It is a matter of no moment whatever,
how many rulings there were for either of the
parties. I do not care if Judge Watrous ruled
every time against Mussina and the other defend-
ants in that case, provided that he did not so rule
from any corrupt or intci*ested motive. That is
the point. The question is not whether he erred
in judgment. Where is the man sitting upon the
bench as a judge who does not sometimes err upon
points of law? But, Mr. Speaker?! would refer
the gentleman from Texas to a part of the report
of those members of the committee who are op-
posed to the impeachment of Judge Watrous in
regard to the number of rulings that were made
in that case. I stated, a moment ago, that! could
not immediately lay my hand upon the evidence;
but I see, by reference to the report of the mem-
bers of the Judiciary Committee who arc opposed
to the impeachment, that they use this language
upon that point:
kC As to the incidental ruling in the ease, the undersigned
perceive, in examining tin: tran-sci ipt, Unit tiie ca-ve was earn-
estly ronltMnl on t>odiMde&; that nunnnous eourn-sol w«re
employed lor <ome ot'the putties, and tor Mussina about as
luuny eounM'l as for all the parties, plaintiff and detond-
unts, put together; that a meat mas> of evidence wan put in,
ami in thu eouiso of tins preliminary pioeeed^ifr^ on the
heauni:, at lea«t seventy-five motions ot oihev questions
were made lequiiut^ the decision of the jud're ; of the^e,
forty-one wen; decided m i'avoi of the plamtilk, and thirty-
four m lavor of the defendants."
That is the statement of the members of the
committee who arc opposed to the impeachment
of Judge Watrous.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman permit
one word right there?
Mr. ADRAIN. I would rather proceed with
my remarks.
Mr. REAGAN. I desiro to correct a very im-
portant error, and to bring the truth before the
House.
Mr. ADRAIN. I must object, because this is
a question not between the gentleman from Texas
and myself, but between the gentleman and those
members of the Judiciary Committee who have
signed this report. *
Mr. REAGAN. I can do it in one word.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, do it with them, and
not with me. I take their report, and X presume
that they have reported correctly. 1 cannot be-
lieve that they have reported facts to this House
which are not true.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to come back to the point
where I was interrupted: I was saying that errors
of judgment upon legal questions furnish no suffi-
cient ground for impeachment unless they spring
from prejudice, or some corrupt intent, or from
such ignorance of the law as renders the judge
incompetentfor the discharge of hisofficial duties;
and no one charges Judge Watrous with incom-
petency, but all admit his decidcd ability as a
lawyer and a jurist. Why, sir, have not the judges
of the Surafeme Court of the United States—have
not the most learned and distinguished-men who
have ever sat upon the bench of this country or
of any o.ther—made errors sometimes ? Have not
Marshall and Story, and our present distin-
guished Chief Justice Taney, made errors some-
times on points of law ? And would the fact that
they have sometimes erred in their judgment of
legal questions be ground for their impeachment,?
When you can show that the decision of a judge
has been instigated by corrupt motives, or from
the other causes that 1 have mentioned, then you
will have sufficient ground for impeachment, and
not till then.
But, Mr. Speaker, I turn from the memorial of
Jacob Mussina to the memorial of Eliphas Spencer;
and I regret to say that in that memorial I do think
there are charges which have been sustained by
the evidence furnished in the record before us, ✓
that call upon this House to find a bill of impeach-
ment. The memorial states that Judge Watrous
entered into a stupendous speculation in lands in
the State of Texas, on the Brazos river, amount-
ing to some sixty thousand acres of land, valued
by the parties at $300,000, of which he had one
fourth interest. It appears that one Thomas M.
League, in the summer of 1850, came to the office
of Judge Watrous at Galveston, in Texas, and
told him of a rich speculation; and that if he would
enter into it, it would be of great advantage to
himself and other parties who might join in the
purchase of that immense tract of land. That is
a fact that is not denied. It is admitted by Judge
Watrous himself that he did -purchase, with
League, Lapsley, and others. We have that fact
to start with. Well now, it is asked, had not the
judge a right to purchase land ? Because Judge
Watrous is on the bench is he to be deprived of
the opportunity that other men have of making
a fortune by the successful purchase of real es-
tate ?
I wish to state the case fairly for the judge,
and I am ready to admit that if, in making the
purchase, it did not interfere or was not likely to
interfere with his official duties in any respect,
then there was nothing wiong or improper on his
part. The judge states, as a reason for the pur-
chase, that his salary of $2,000 was not sufficient
to support himself and family. If that is so, if our
judges are not provided with salaries sufficient
to support them in decency and in comfort, let
their salaries be increased; but I do not think that
$2,000 was so very small a salary for the support
of the judge and his family. I believe he could
have made out to live upon it in Texas. Mr.
Speaker, this League,"who came into the office of
Judge Watrous for the purpose of enlisting him
in the purchase of this large tract of land, was a
notorious speculator, well known to be such to
the judge, and living in the same place with him,
who spent his time in purchasing up doubtful
titles. Now, I would ask why he came to enlist
Judge Watrous in this enterprise? Itappears that
Judge Watrous was poor; that he had no money
to engage in any speculation; that his salary of
$2,000 was not sufficient for his support. What,
then, was his object'1 There must have been
some motive on his part; and the only motive
that I can conceive of was, that the judge was to
be used in his official capacity for a corrupt and
dishonest purpose.
After the purchase was made by the several par-
ties, and the title was vested in Lapsley, who lived
in the State of Alabama, we find that suits were
almost immediately brought in the district court
of Texas, over which Judge Watrous presided.
Now, if League came into Judge Watrous's office
to engage him in this speculation, and the judge
knowing or suspecting his object, and he lent
himself to it—which was, that the title to the land
was either to be tried in his own court, or, on ac-
count of his interest, removed to a court out of
the State of Texas—then I say that Judge Wat-
rous committed an act which was inconsistent
with his duties as judge, and which renders him
unfit to sit upon the bench to try cases which
may be brought to his court.
Mr. TAPPAN. Will the gentleman from New
Jeresy allow me to interrupt him, and to correct
him in reference to the testimony bearing upon
the point which he is now making? There is
nothing in the evidence which goes to show that
League approached Judge Watrous for the pur-
pose of getting him into this purchase; but on the
contrary, the testimony shows that League was
casually in his office; that the conversation sprang
