1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the law fixes. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] said "I was mistaken, and that he could
show it some time. Well, I have waited three or
four days in hopes that he would venture upon
such an explanation.
I do not desire to detain the Senate long; but
whenever a statement I make m reference to any
business is called into question, I generally take
thq. pains to get the documents. I intend, when-
ever I speak, to speak to a matter of business;
and when the Senate become acquainted with me
a little, they will be a little careful how they dis-
pute it. I went to the State Department. I called
upon the Senator from Louisiana, who reported
a brll last year to p&y one of these foreign officers,
and ho stated they did not pay the exchanges at
the Department. 1 thoaght I could not be mis-
taken. i noticed that the former Secretary of the
Treasury, to whom I allude, was hardly ever mis-
taken when he called the attention of Congress to
a subject. 1 went there yesterday and got cer-
tificates of the rates of exchange in 1856 and 1857,
that were paid by the Government upon the diafts
of the officers who drew for their salaries, I will
read the one for 1856, to show what we pay in
addition to what is allowed by law:
Certificate of exchange.
Shanouae, December 31, 1836.
George Guswold Gray, merchant, find doing business
as such at the place aforesaid, do heieby ceitilv that 1 am
acquainted with the late of exchange, at this day, between
said plnee ami tho United States o! America; and a bill of
exchange or diaft drawn here, payable at the Treasury of
the United States, cannot be hold for a greater thai fif
ty-cight cents upon tho dollar, «|>on the lace of ^aid draft.
GEO. ClUS WOLD GRAY".
I said the discount on exchange was forty per
cent j that, therefore, for a pound sterling, which
was about five dollars, you would got only three
dollars in Shanghae.* That tims the statement I
made the other day, when the Senator from Geor-
gia so confidently contradicted tn<\ Thiscertificate
shows that the discount, in 1856, was forty-two
per cent. Hi;re is a certificate from the consul,
which confu ms it:
CNITPD STxTrs CoNst'r.ATr,
tfHANOHAK, December 31, 1€5G.
T, p. 0. Murphy, United States consul a! tlu.s place, do
Ih rehy certily, thai a hill of exchange, or diau. payable at
The Trea^my of the United States, could not be sold t'or
jeadv p.iwuent, on this day, at this place, for tnoie than
fijty a^h! cents upon the doilai of the tuce of r-aul di.ilt or
hill; and that i-< the value ol the dilleieuce «fexchange be-
tween the mo commies at this date.
It. O MURPHY,
Unilcti btntci- Consul.
[L. S.]
That was the late in 1856. When I made the
statement about tho difference of exchange with
China, I allyded to th£ rate of J856 and J857 I
had seen them in the newspapers. I have one
here, dated March 1,1857, which is just forty per
cent.—what i stated. I will read it:
Siunoiiak, Mmch 1,18:,7.
I, George Ortewold Gray, meiehant, and doing business
aspueh3at the place afoieNiid. do heieb\ eeiii!.\ th.it tain
* acquainted with the rate of exchange, at thi< day. between
eaid place and th** United State.- of Anienc.i; and a bill of
cxehnnjje or dralt drawn hen;. payable at the Tie<wny of
the United Sut< cannot hi .<o!d Jm u gteuuit Mint than
R\a1u cent* upon the dollai upon the face of said drat!; and
hn tliei, that Mt\nc<ni dollar•? ;ue only woith, at tin* (lav,
seventy tuo cents upoiuhe dollm.
GEO GlUSWOLD GRAY.
I got these certificates to convince the Senator
from Georgia that I was correct in mv statement
about the exchange in 1856 and 1857, which I
«md was three dollars/or a pound sterling. I am
told by the Secretary of State that now, when any
of our diplomatic agents or consuls draw for their
salaries, the piactiee is to allow them the differ-
ence of exchange. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Virginia to the fact, that the
present minister plonipotentiaiy to China, if he
wrere to diavv for his salary, at that rate of ex-
change, would get over twenty thousand dollars;
whereas his salary, by law, is $12,000. There
would be over eight thousand dollars exchange.
Heie is a man who is given, by the law, $12,000
a year; and every year he draws his salary it is
over twenty thousand dollars. The Mexican dol-
lars, which aie the currency m the south of China,
are here stated to be worth only seventy-two
cents, and the Carulus dollars are tho circulating
medium of the country. That is stated in one of
these certificates; but I do not know what that
had to do with it. I see by a document in the
Slate Department, that one of our present consuls
has made an arrangement that duties may be paid
into the Treasury of China in Mexican and Span-
ish dollars, which will save some twenty-eight
per cent, on tlie amount paid; but such were the
prejudices against them, and the interest of the
English merchants, that he was unable to get them
to take this money as currency; but that modi-
fication has tended very much to lessen the ex-
change, because there is not so much demand for
these Carolus dollars. I knew the Senator from
Georgia was mistaken, instead of myself, when
I made the statement of what the exchange was.
Besides, exchange is very much affected,as every-
body knows, by the falling off of business. Im-
ports into the United States from China are less
than they were a year ago, and now the rate is
probably not quite so jiigh.
My amendment presents a fair test of supply-
ing tho Treasury by a reduction of the outlay.
The Senator from Virginia, the other day, when
he interested us so much with his speech, said
the true way ofrreplenishing the Treasury of the
United States was by cutting down appropria-
tions; and I have waited with great anxiety to
see how far we should succeed on this diplomatic
bill; and we have taken two days, and have not
cut off a dollar yet. Now, I propose to take out
thispremium. That will be some saving, perhaps,
of fifty or sixty thousand dollars a year. Here
are youV whole disbusements for the Navy paid
in the same way. We disburse a great deal of
money in the China seas, and there is adifference
of twenty m* thirty per cent, in the different ports
between the different kinds of money. In the in-
trinsic value of the money that passes, there is
not a mill }s difference on a dollar; and our dollars
would pass as well, I have no doubt, if we had
them there. But we are paying from twenty to
twenty-five and forty-two percent, on exchange,
and it goes on from year to year, disbursing mil-
lions, with nobody here to see that you do not
lose two fifths of it, when you might as well send
the cojn there as have it in your sub-Treasury,
and save this expenditure. I do not want to dis-
turb the ordinary mode of our ministers' transact-
ing the business. If they can do better by draw-
ing exchange, let them do so. 1 am willing to
compensate them liberally; but I do not believe
in letting them draw exchange at forty-two per
cent, discount, when a man in China can invest
the money in tea that will pay one hundred per
cent, on what it costs. We have had some of
these tea merchants in Newport, and they have
built palaces. One who was here investing for
his brother, four or five years ago, told me the
commissions of that house had invariably netted
enough to enable him to invest two to one for
eveiy dollar remitted to China.
Now, I say that our Treasury has been bleed-
ing for years by the simple process of paying this
immense exchange on the salaries of our minis-
ters, and I have never yet been able to call the
fact to the attention of the Senate so as to secure
a reform. I do not like to make speeches to get
it done; I generally vote with the chairman of the
committee; but 1 believe it never will be done
without some talk. I ask the Senate to cut off
this item. Here is our minister to Fiance, and
the distinguished Senator from Virginia, the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
wanted to get his salary increased the other day.
He gets about five hundred dollars exchange for
drawing on London.
Mr. MASON. I know as little about exchange
as any man m the Senate, probably; I have never
had anything to do with commerce in any form;
but my impression is the Senator is misinformed
as to the minister to France.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has given the names of the men, and the
amount they draw, and some of them get asjiigh
as seventy per cent,;and he reports an allowance
of- #500 for exchange, to the minister to France.
Mr. MASON, i have not seen the returns of
the Tieasury; but my impression is, that the dif-
ficulty in adjusting the salary of that gentleman
was, because the Treasury did not allow the rate
of exchange between the two countries at the
time. While up, as the Senator has alluded to
the effort made the other day to get this gentle-
man's salary enlarged, it enables me to say—what
I did not say then, and would not deem necessary
now, but that some allusion was made to it after-
wards—that although that justly distinguished
gentleman who represents the Government in
France bears my name, comes from my State, and
is a very valuable and cherished friend, yet there
is no relationship between us of any kind or de-
scription.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator did not
think that I intimated ^lat- '  
Mr. MASON. Certainlyjnot. It was not in
reference to anything the honorable Senator said,
but it gave me the opportunity of making that
declaration.
Mr. SIMMONS. I happened to have my at-
tention called to this peculiar difference, and I told
him I should be ashamed, if I was in the Treas-
ury Department, to be higgling about four or five
hundred dollars; but that was in regard to a con-
test about the difference between the amount of
his. salary in gold and in silver dollafs. I call the
attention of Senators to the fact, that when one
minister drew for about $11,000, on that $11,000
the President of the United States paid over $6,000
exchange. The table to which 'I have already
alluded, shows that during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1855, Mr. R. M. McLanc, minister to
Chin.a, received on his drafts $17,040 81, of which
$6,040 84 was "amount of loss in exchange,"
being fifty-four and five tenths per cent. Thus it
appears that $17,000 paid from the Treasury here,
netted only $11,000 in China. Our disbursements
for the Navy in that region have been going on at
the same rate. This year it is lower; it is contin-
ually fluctuating. Here is a certificate of what it
was last year:
Amoy, December 24,185S.
We, F. D. Syme & Co., and Jamei?on Ellis, merchants,
and doing business as such at the place aforesaid, do hereby
certify that we are acquainted with the rate of exchange be-
tween said place and the United States of America; and a
bill of exchange, or diaft, drawn here, payable at New
York or Waslmjgton, cannot now be sold for a gieater sum
than sixty five cents upon the dollar upon the lace of said
draft, either for Spanish or Mexican silver dollars, on for
Ameiican silver or gold dollar cuuency.
^ P. I). SYME &. CO,
p. pro. JAMEISON ELLIS,
W. \V. CONIELYON.
That viras the rate in 1858—thirty-five per cent
for Mexican or Spanish dollars, or the gold or
silver currency of the United States. I do not
rely on that as much authority; for there is a dif-
ference of three or four per cent, between the value
of our gold and silver currency. One of our gold
dollars is only worth four shillings sterling, and
a penny and a farthing over^ whereas the old-
| fashioned dollar was worth fifty-four pence—five
' and throe quarter pence more than our present
coinage; and the trouble with these salaries in
Europe was, that the diplomatic salaries were
claimed according to the old dollar, and the Treas-
ury wanted to pay them according to the new.
Now, when they are payable in the Mexican or
Spanish dollar, everybody knows the increase of
the value of the Spanish or Mexican dollar is six
cents and some mills more than the coin of the
United States; so that the men who gave the last
certificate I read, could not very well understand
j what our gold and silver coinage was worth.
; Mexican dollars are worth six cunts more than
, the gold coinage of the United States.
j I meant to say something in reply to some re-
; marks of the Senator from Virginia, as this opens
! up the whole question of finance. These bills
, are &ow relied upon to make the expenditures of
j "the Government come within its receipts, and we
' are to have no revenue system otherwise than we
| can get it out of appropriation bills, as I under-
stand. 'But 1 will wait for the Senator from Geor-
i gia to explain*-because if there is any mistake
j about this, I want it corrected.
: Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; I will correct the
Senator with very great pleasure. The whole
mistake of the Senator from Rhode Island lies m
; this: He calls that exchange which is not ex-
i change at all, and so do the certificates which he
I has read. What they speak about is the differ-
ence between the value of the unit of currency in
1 China and in this country. The Carolus dollar,
which is the dollar of currency there, is worth in
our market from one dollar sixteen to one dollar
1 and twenty cents. The last time I saw it quoted,
, it was about one dollar and eighteen cents. It has
, attained that high price because it is used for the
special purpose of the China trade. One of the
certificates which the Senator read let it out, for
- it is said one hundred Mexican dollars will not
i buy more than seventy-two of the Carolus dollars
; in China, There is not that difference in the
j value of the silver. The exchange has nothing
