1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
up incidentally—one thing leading to another—
nntil finally Judge Watrous's Alabama friends
were brought into the purchase. There is no evi-
dence that League went there in the first instance
to engage Judge Wstrous in the purchase.
Mr. ADRAlN. It is immaterial whether Mr.
League came to the office of Judge Watrous tor
that purpose, in the first instance, or in the sec-
ond instance; whether he came there casually,
and the conversation sprang up incidentally or
not. We find here a statement on page 22 of
the answer of Judge "Watrous in the record, in
which he admits that League came into his office
and made the proposition to him to embark in the
enterprise. Does the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire deny that ?
Mr. TAPPAN. I refer to the testimony given
by League himself, given in evidence before the
committee, which shows just exactly why he was
in the office.
Mr. ADRAIN. We have the distinct fact that
he was there and that this conversation took place,
in which it was proposed that Judge Watrous
should embark m this speculation, and that is all
we want. The following is the statement of
Judge Watrous:
Mr. League came into my office and told me that lie
had an opportunity to make a speculation. Ttiat he I in.'? pur-
chased a tract of land upon the Brazos river, Imt lie feared
that he would not be able to pay forjt. I told hnli that I
had friends in Alabama who would funnel the money ne-
cessary?) fthev could be induced to tlenk Hie prospect good
for realizing a'prufit. He told me of the tract or land, the
La Vega tract,nearly opposite Waco, upon the Brazos. I
aslced linn about the title. He told me that it had been pro-
nounced good by Judge Hu^lie-,. I was willae,' to me t to
Judee Tjughes's'opinion. It was aa;re( d upon between Mi.
League and mjs-elf that we would write to Alabama and
endeavor to engage m> !ilends 111 the enteipri^e. There was
then pending in tile t-uprenie court of the State a ease of
exactly such a title, in which I ivat interested by a contract
made before I entered upon the bench. 1 stated to Mr.
League my entire coinidence of success, and my expecta-
tion that the decision of that case would end all further
controversy about that class of claims. That if we should
be compelled to sue, we should have that case for a di ci-
stve antecedent, and should be in no danger ot loss. Mr.
League and tlnec gentlemen from Alabama went up and
examined the land and determined to purchase it."
Now, we have an interview between this noto-
rious speculator and the judge of the court; and
upon looking at the whole of this case, I cannot
resist the conviction of thpcorruptinn of the judge,
and that his official position was to bo prostituted
for selfish and interested ends.
Now we find, after Lapsley got the title to these
lands, and was holding them for himself and
the other parties interested—Judge Watrous,
League, and others—that suits were instituted a
few mouths after the purchase in the court over
which Judge Watrous presided. Now, sir,eithet
one thing or the other must be true; either that
those suits, in regard to the title to the lands, were
„to be tried in the court held by Judge Watrous,
or else they were to be transferred to another
court out of the State of Texas, to avoid a trial by
a Texan jury. My own impression is, that the
first design was to have the suits tried in Judge
Watrous's court. But the plan was afterwards
changed; and they thought the best policy was to
transfer them to JNew Orleans,'Out of Judge Wat-
rous's district, in consequence of the prejudice
which existed in the minds of the people ot Texas
against the lands, which were held there upon
Mexican titles.
Now, it is said that Judge Watrous was igno-
rant that any suits had been instituted in his court
upon the 11th of January, 3851. Can it be believed
for a mom^jgjhat Judge Watrous was ignorant
of this factSpR says he dtd not know it until two
years afterwards, or more, and that he first dis-
covered that there werejuch suits by their ap-
pearing upon the docke'ilpllt appears in the evi-
dence that Lapsley wrote to Judge llughes, who
was living in Galveston, the next-door neighbor
to Judge "Watrous, to consult Judge Watrous and
League in relation to the institution of suits; and
in that letter he stated that Judge Watrous was
interested in them. There was not only League
living at Galveston, but there was Hughes, em-
ployed to institute the suits, also living there—
both neighbors of Judge Watrous; and yet Judge
Watrous, in his answer, pretends that he never
knew of the institution of the suits. Judge W^u~
rous may tell the truth; but it cannot be possible,
in the nature of things, but that he must have
known it. We have here the testimony of Love,
the clerk of his own court, who states that Judge
Watrous came into his office and saw the writ3at
the time they were made out or being prepared.
Who is this Love ? Is there a particle of evidence
to show that Love is a man who ought not to be
believed? We have the statement, of Love under
oath, and we have the simple statement of Judge
Watrous, not under oath, and deeply interested
to the amount of §75,000. The judge says he did
not know, and Love swears that the judge did
know it. Who is to be believed ?
Mr. TAPPAN. I do not like to take up the
gentleman's time, but I would like to refer him
to the fact which 1 adverted to when I spoke upon
this question—that I hold in my hand, and would
like to read it with the permission of the House,
the affidavit of Love, showing, that in his state-
ment before the committee, he was mistaken in
reference to that matter.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to its reading. In the
fiist place, it would be a consumption of my time;
and in the second place, it is not in the record.
We are to decide this case upon the record sent
up here by the committee, and not upon outside
evidence. I do not care if the gentleman holds
fifty affidavits of certain facts to contradict evi-
dence before us. It is upon the evidence in the
record, and upon this alone, that this House is
called upon to make its decision. Again: we should
have an opportuniy to cross-examine the man
who swore to that affidavit. Let him be brought
here for that purpose.
I say, then, that the institution of those suits
must have been known to Judge Watrous, be-
cause we have the clcar and positive testimony
of Love, his own clerk, to that fact. And I
stated that they were cither to be tried in Judge
Watrous's court or to be removed to another tri-
bunal. Now, how were they to be removed?
How was the trial in the district court of Texas
to be avoided, if that was the original or subse-
quent design ? It was by the conveyance of
the title to Lapsley, a man living out of Texas,
in Alabama; thereby giving him the right to in-
stitute a suit in the district court. Then they
weie to be removed fiom that court to New Or-
leans, so that the people living in Texas, with
their prejudice against Mexican title, would not
bo called upon to pass upon the title. If it was
not intended that the suits should he instituted in
the district court for the purpose of having them
removed out of Texas, why was not the title left
in League, who originally held it, and to whom
the conveyance was originally made, or why was
it not conveyed to some other person residing in
Texas? Why travel off to Alabama for some in-
dividual to hold the title? And yet Judge Wat-
rous declares, in his answer, that he was anxious
to have*the suits tried in the State courts; and yet
it appears, from the evidence, that the title was
vested in a man who could bring a suit in the dis-
trict court, and have it removed toanotherState, m
order that it might not be tried by a Texan jury.
But it is said, Mr. Speaker, that Judge Wat-
rous had no control over the institution of these
suits; that the title was vested m Lapsley, and
that he could do as he pleased, and bring the suits
where he pleased. Why, this Judge Watrous, it
appears, would have us believe that he took no in-
terest whatever in regard to the institution ot the
suits in the proper court. All the interest he took
was in relation to the purchase of the land. He
embarked in that. He went down to Selma, Ala-
bama, and arransed with the parties there to pur-
chase the land; but the moment it is purchased,
and the title vested in Lapsley, he turns around
and says: " I had nothing further to do with it.
The iegal title is in Lapsley." Suppose it was:
whom did Lapsley hold the land for? He held it
as trustee forjudge Watrous and League and the
rest. Judge Watrous had a one fourth interest
in it; and is it to be believed that he never took any
interest in, or any kind of control over, the insti-
tution of the suits or the court in winch they
were to be instituted? Why, sir, at one time,
according to his own statement, he did take the
matter of instituting suits in his own hands. Just
listen to wiiat he says in his answer, on page 33
1 of the record. He remarks:
I "I was anxious, when it became necessary to sue, that
! the litioation should be had in the courts of the State, and
1 mmnred of Judge Hughes how mucll money it would teke
' to bun" the suit and commence tiie litigation m the State
'< courts'' He stated to me that §300 would be enough, and
I 1 paid linn that amount fol that ^rarpose But of my own
1 pocket to insure the certainty that the litigation wliicii i
had not anticipated,but which had now become necessary,.
should be had in the courts of the SUEfe.'7
But this occurred two years or rxore after the
suits had been instituted in Ms own court; and he
would have "us believe that he wtis' igndtaint'of
them, and had no control overtherri, as th$ fifle
was in Lapsley—the title to the land was in Ligs-
ley when he paid, as he says, $300 out of his own
pocket. Why did he interfere? Did lie consult
Lapsley about bringing the suits jn the State
courts? It does not appear that he did." But why
did he take such particular pains to have a suit at
once commenced m the State courts ? Why, sir,
the truth is, that it was beginning to-leak out that
he was interested in this grand speculation, and
that the suits had been instituted in his own court
by his knowledge and consent. And it was.to
cover up the suspicion of improper and corrupt
conduct on his part, that he spoke to Judge
Hughes about instituting suits in the State courts,
and, poor as he was, raised$200 to fee the judge
and pay expenses.
The question then comes back—and it is the
main question in this case—to the naked poirft,
whether Judge Watrous, inentering into this bar-
gain with these other parties, entered into it for
the purpose of having his official position used
for his own selfish and interested purposes, and
for the selfish and interested cads of those who
were connected with him ?
It is'pretended that when Judge Watrous en-
tered into the purchase of the land, he supposed
the title was good, and that there would be no law-
suits instituted to recover possession. Now, is
that true ? Why, in.Ins ownanswer, he says, that
the first time that League came to see him he told
him the title was good; that Judge Hughes, one
of the best land lawyers in Texas, had examined
it;and yet he says: "if we are compelled to sue;"
showing that there was in his own mind an idea
that suits would have to be instituted before the
men who had settled on this large tract of land,
and male improvements on it, would remove from
them or give them up without resistance. Mr.
Lapsley states in his evidence that, while the par-
ties were together in Selma, Alabama, talking
about the purchase of this tract of land, Judge
Watrous being present, the question as to the prob-
ability of suits having to be brought for the re-
covery of the land was brought up and talked
over. Lapsley, in his evidence on pages 120 and - -
121 of the record, says: -f.i,
" Question. How long were your discussions continued :|||
at Selma before you finally agreed and executed these pa--'K|
pers ?
" Jinsver. I think some two days after Mr. League and
Judge Watrous came there. That is, the greater part of
that time wa& engaged m examining the titles, consulting
with niv associates hi Alabama, and diawing up the papery
—perhaps as much as two or three days. The discussion
did not Jart that long. It first agreed upon that I should
1 draw up such papers as I thought pi oper. They w<ye then
submitted: and perhaps we were several hours talking over
the mattei before it was concluded. And from first to last
there were two or three days occupied, as before staled,
"Question. When you purchased, you were aware, of
course, that it would he necessary to bring suits m oider to
eject the persons on the land?
"Answer. Ycs? sir; I understood that there wore mon,
xvho were called squatters, on the land. Mi. .League spoke
of them a- being on the land.
" Qucf,'.hn. Wag. it contemplated, <it that tune, that suits
were to be brought?
" Answer. Yes, sir; I calculated that suits would become
neee-sary.
£: Question. Did you give any instructions m regard to the
bunging of the suit*1?
" Jln&wer. Yes, sir; I gave instructions.
" Question. To whom ?
"Answer. I think my instructions werp given by letter to
Judee Hughes. I have got here copies, of home of my let-
ters.'5
And in his letter to Juds;e Hughes, dated Selma.,
; Alabama, November 2, 1850, he says:
i As Mr. League and Judjje Watrous are interested in
5 this land. I Wg leave, to refei you to tltfein ill relation to any
i matters lelatmg to the suit to be brought," &e.
| Therefore, Judge Watrous not only knew from
1 this conversation, but he knew from the very na-
1 ture of the ease, that these men, who had settled *
! on this land, would not yield it up without a
i struggle. They had made improvements on it,
■ had^cieared a portion of the land, and had ex-
I pended a good deal of money on it. They were
attached to the land, and were residing therewith
; their wives and their children, supposing that they
! had a good right there. Is it then to be supposed,
[ from the very nature of the case, that Judge Wat-
rous did not know that suits were to be instituted
J before this large tract of land could be recovered ?
