68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Now, Mr. Speaker, if he did know this; if there
was every reasonable probability to suppose that
litigation would be necessary; and if he lent his
position to further the objects of those who were
engaged in the speculation, he committed an act
inconsistent with the judicial position which he
held.
Wow, it is said that a bill of impeachment can-
not be found against Judge Watrous unless it is
proved that he has committed some crime or mis-
demeanor. But I ask if he may not be impeached
for acts which do not constitute a crime—may
not a judge be impeached for misbehavior ? Are
not the judges of the Supreme Court and of the
district courts of the United States to hold their
offices daring good behavior? And it follows,
necessarily, that they may be displaced for bad
behavior, which does not amount to any crime.
May not a judge of the United States court be
impeached for intemperance when it renders him
unfit for his official duty? May he not be im-
peached when he becomes so petulant on the
bench, and discourteous and overbearing to the
members of the bar and parties in his court, as
renders it impossible for justice to be done in his
tribunal ? And may he not be impeached when
it is shown that he is lacking in integrity of char-
acter and prostitutes his office to subserve his own
selfish and corrupt ends? All these are acts of
misbehavior, although not amounting to any
crime.
Now, sir, I contend that what Judge Watrous
did in this case, lending his position for a corrupt
purpose, was far worse than if he had committed
what might be technically called some official act;
because, if it was an official act, such as an order
or decision upon some legal point, the parties who
were prejudiced by it could take the case to an-
other court, and have their remedy upon appeal;
but in this case there was 110 remedy for those
parties, who were dragged out of Texas from their
own homes and from among their own neighbors.
Jf Judge Watrous lent his office for the purpose of
having suits instituted in his own court and then
removed into another State, so that they might be
tried there to his own advantage, and to the detri-
ment of the parties who were sued, ho gave evi-
dence of alack of integrity unfitting him to sit upon
the bench and act fairly and honestly between
suitors in his court.
Mr. Speaker, ltisour duty, out of respect to the
character of our judiciary, to have a man displaced
from office who has shown himself unfit to fill it.
The people of Texas complain of Judge Watrous,
and say that he is an unworthy and corrupt judge;
they are unwilling to go into his court and have
their suits tried before him. How is this evil to
be remedied ? How is Judge Watrous to be re-
moved, if these charges that are urged against him
are true ? Only by a bill of impeachment, and by
sending him to the Senate, where he will have a
fair trial, so that if he be innocent, the stain that
is now fixed upon his character will be removed.
And why does he object? Why is he, by every
personal effort and through his friends, trying to
prevent a bill of impeachment from being found
against him ? I do not see that a bill of impeach-
ment would damage him any more than he is al-
ready damaged in this case.
It does not necessarily follow, on findinga bill,
that he is guilty; for every man is presumed,
by a well-settled principle of law, to be innocent
until fairly tried before alegal tribunal, and found
guilty. The deep staia of infamy now resting
upon his character will only be wiped out by an
honorable acquittal, upon a fair, full, and thor-
ough investigation, at the bar of the Senate, into
all the facts and circumstances which now throw
around him such a dark cloud of suspicion, dis-
trust, and utter want of confidence in his in-
tegrity as a man and a judge. Ifinnocent, Vie need
not fear a trial. It is only a guilty conscience
which deters him from calling at once upon his
* accusers to meet him face to face, before the only
lawful tribunal which has the power to determine
and pronounce upon his guilt or innocence.
k' Innocence, unmov'd
At a false accusation, doth the more
Confirm itself; and guilt is best discovered
i'iy its own fears."
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman does
not refer to me as one of the friends of Judge
Watrous.
Mr. ADRAIN. I did not intend to allude to
the gentleman from Tennessee, though he has
shown himself, by his speech, to be a friend of
Judge Watrous.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will take this occasion to
say that I have no personal acquaintance with
Judge Watrous, and do not even know him when
I see him. I have spoken, not as the friend of
Judge Watrous, but as a Representative in the
Congress of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
> Mr. WARD obtained the floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. If the gentleman from New
York will yield me the floor, I will move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. WARD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. GARTRELL. I then move an adjourn-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Georgia withdraw his motion for an adjournment,
to enable the Chair to lay before the House a
message from the President of the United States?
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
TREATY "WITH SIAM.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of the treaty between the
United States and the kingdom of Siam, concluded
on May 24, 1856, and proclaimed on the 16th of
August last, and calling the attention of the House
to the necessity of an act to carry into effect the
provision of article two of said treaty, conferring
certain judicial powers on the consul of the United
States at Bangkok; also suggesting the extension
to the kingdom of Siam of the provisions of the
act approved August 11,1843, entitled "An act to
carry into effect certain provisions in the treaties
between the United States and China and the Ot-
toman Porte," giving certain judicial powers to
the ministers and consuls of the United States in
those countries.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the message be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
be printed,
Mr. LETCHER. I think a portion of that
message ought to go to the Committee of Ways
and Means; that portion which asks for means
to carry out the treaty.
Mr. RITCHIE. Well, we can send it to them
as soon as we get through with it.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that so much of the
message as relates to the providing means for the
execution of the treaty be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BAIUCSDALE. Is that the usual course ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is hardly prepared
to answer that question. One branch of tifc; mes-
sage might perhaps properly goto the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and the other to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. The Chair supposed that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs might report an
amendment when the consular and diplomatic
bill was before the House, inasmuch as it would
be a proposition to carry out an existing law, and
the amendment might appropriately come from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no particular wish
to have the matter referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what is in
the message; but if I understand the gentleman
from Virginia correctly, he speaks of an appro-
priation that is required to carry out a treaty that
has recently been made. If that be true, the ap-
propriation must be made in a bill by itself, and
could not come from any committee in the shape
of an amendment to a general appropriation bill.
All appropriations of money for the execution of
treaties have to be reported and passed in bills by
themselves.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It strikes me that the
message ought to be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. Does the message
ask for an appropriation ?
Mr. KELSEY. It does not.
The SPEAKER. The President calls the at-
tention of Congress to the necessity of an act for
carrying into effect the provisions of article two
of the recent treaty with the kingdom of Siam,
conferring certain judicial powers upon the consul
of the United States, who may be appointed to re-
side at Bangkok.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my motion.
The message was then referred to'the Commit-
tee on.Fpreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual report of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing; which was laid upon the table and or-
dered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
report of the Clerk of the House on the contin-
gent expenses of the House during the past year;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE. ,
On motion of Mr. WINSLOW,the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library was discharged from the
further consideration of joint resolution, No. 53,
directing the printing of certain reports therein
mentioned;and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
EIGHTH CENSUS.
Mr. GARTRELL. I now renew my motion,
that the House adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw that motion to allow me to
offer a resolution ?,
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw it for a moment
for that purpose.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resotved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and they are hereby, instructed to prepare and repoitabill
making appiopriations for such necessary sum of money as
may, 111 their judgment, be required for taking the eighth
census of the United States, according to the provisions of
the act of Congress approved May 23, 1850, entitled " An
act providing for the taking of the seventh and subsequent
contuses of the United States, and to fix the number of the
members of the House of Itepiesentatives, and provide for
their future appomonment among the several States."
Mr. STANTON. I suppose that carries with
it the taking of the census precisely according to
the law passed ten years ago. If so, the matter
ought to be considered, arid not hastily decided
on. It will not injure anybody if we have a day
or two to look at it.
Mr. HUGHES. The resolution proposes that
the Committee of Ways and Means shall report
a bill appropriating money for the purpose indi-
cated .
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would inquire whether the
resolution ought not to be a joint resolution?
Mr. HUGHES. It is merely a resolution of
instruction to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I move that the rules be suspended to enable me
to introduce the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn. m
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman from Il-
linois has not the floor to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Indiana to move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BARKSDALE. But still retained the
floor.
The SPEAKER. He could not retain the floor
for the reason that the motion is not debatable.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 4desiretoask
if this resolution will not come up the first thing
next Monday morning ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I think
we had better let it go over, tha^Bfe may look
into it a little.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ijjjsh to say to the House
that I will endeavor to^R'a vote upon the pend-
ing case to-morrow—say at three o'clock.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think it would
be better if the gentleman from Alabama would
move the previous question at two o'clock, if he
contemplates occupying his hour after the pre-
vious question shall have been ordered. We shall
then have time to take the votes before the hour
of adjournment, otherwise the House may ad-
journ before the case is disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. "Very well, I willacceptthe
suggestion of the gentleman. I merely wished
to give tl\e notice so that the House should not
be taken by surprise. I now give notice that I
