1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
content with that. I do not want to injure any
of these people, but there is no propriety in our
paying these exorbitant prices.
Mr, PUGH. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
tiie amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr- SIMMONS. I fill up the blank with ten
per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after line sixteen the following proviso:
And provUedfurtker, That the salaries provided for in
this section, and the salaries and compensation of all other
officers provided (or in this act shall be computed ni the
gold coinage of the Umted States, and in noca «bhall there
be any allowance ro any officer upon any draft drawn by
him for his salary or compensation, of more than ten per
centum on the amount ot such draft.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 27, navs 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brodmck, Chandler, Clark, Clay,
ChnginaiijCollamer, Davi-. Dixon, Dooiutle, Douglas. Dur-
kee, Fesswiden, Fitzpatrick. Foot, Hamlin,Mailan, John-
son of Arkansas, John>on of IVnnessee, Kins, Pugii, Reid,
Seward. Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil&on—27
NAY.S—Merisr.s. Ahen^ Bigter. Bught, Cliesmit, Fitch,
Gwm, Houston. Hunter, Iversoiu Lane, Mftllory, Ma&on,
Polk, Rice. Smith, Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—IB.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted. That the fee for certifyins in-
voices, and lor certifying the place of growth or production
of goods made duty-nee by the leciproeity treaty, to be
charged by the consul geneial lor the British North Ameri-
can piovinces, and subosdmate consular officers or agents
in fcaid provinces, shall be fifty cents foi each ceitificate,
and no more ; and no Mich certificate <>1 growth or produc-
tion shall be required for goods not exceeding in value the
sum of $200.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
reported an amendment,regulating the salary of
the consul general in the British North American
provinces, and this is now a proposition to regu-
late the fees. I do not think we arc able to go
into that question on this appropriation bill. I
hope that the existing law on that subject will be
taken up next session by the Committee on For-
eign Relations, or the OQmmittee on Commerce,
and that such changes as are necessary will be
made; but, until then, I think we had better not at-
tempt to remedy it by partial legislation. I was in
hopes that, at one time, perhaps we might be aide
to report some simple provision restoring the old
law in regard to consuls, under which they were
paid by fees; but, on looking into the subject, and
consulting the State Department, I found the mat-
ter was too complicated to attempt a reform on an
appropriation bill. This proposiiion of the Sen-
ator from Maine may be all light, but we have
not time to look mto it; and I submit to the Sen-
ator himself whether we had not better wait until
the law undergoes general revision ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should be willing to
wait, if this was not a present subsisting evil. It
being so, and there being, in my judgment, no
sort of difficulty to be apprehended from the
amendment winch I have offered, if it should pass,
I think wer had.better adopt it now. I can ex-
plain in a very few words, the condition of things,
and the object I expect and desire to attain by
the amendment which I have proposed.
The present consul general of Canada has
adopted a new system; he ha3 appointed a great
number of officers at different parts of the line,
ami they exist by means of consular fees, and
consitlai fees which never, up to this time, have
been charged, or, at any rate, have not been charged
to anything like the extent at which they are
charged now. The effect has.been very seriously
to embanass the trade between the two countries.
Since the reciprocity treaty was adopted, that
trade has become very much larger than it was
before, and it is not the kind of trade which we
have with foreign countries. We trade with for-
eign countries in large amounts by shipments,
and invoices are required. Along this line, which
is merely a dividing lino between us, there is a
great deal of trade under the reciprocity treaty,
which is in very small parcels of goods. The
same system wnh regard to consular fees has
been applied by the consul general, and his offi-
cers, (and peihaps legally,) to this small trade,
that goes on between the two countries, that ex-
ists in regard to our large trade with foreign coun-
tries. The same consular fees are exacted. The
result is a very oppressive burden to thfe business,
and very large fees are charged by the officers.
The amendment which I have proposed, goes
only to the trade between ourselves and the British
American colonies. We have a small report in
answer to a resolution of the Senate which shows
precisely what the provisions are. I will read a
sentence: '
" Under the provisions of the act of March 1,1823, in-
voices of alt impoited goods subject to ad valorem duty,
belonging to non residents, must be sworn to and verified
by consular cernficates. Tne currencyin which the invoices
are made out must also becernfiedbytiieeoii-.ui. Forthese
certificate the eo .sul general was entitled to charge a fee
of two dollars each, according to the tariff of fees prescribed
by the President under the act of M.ireh 1, 1853, and at the
same rate under'the act of August 18,185S.
'- The Canadian consul general has Ihe additional duty of
taking affidavits and certifying IO ihe place of growth or
production of all importations of goods made duly free by
tile teciprocity treaty oTlc.j4 ; for each of winch ceitificate--,
including oath, he is authorized to charge a fee oi' tvv'o dol-
lars."
I understand, as a matter of rumor, that he does
not charge the fee on a package of goods not ex-
ceeding $100 in value. That probably is onlv a
small part of the trade. What is the result ? If a
small package of goods, exceeding $100 in value,
is to be imported, he certifies the invoice, for
which he charges the sum of two dollars; be also
makes a certificate, under the reciprocity treaty,
that it is the growth and production of the prov-
inces, for which he charges twodollars more. You
see that it operates as a very heavy tax, whereas
those fees for meiely certifying invoices were in-
tended to apply to shipments of goods in large
quantities, oidinarily covering a whole cargo. It
will be at once perceived by gentlemen that the
system provided by law, and for which the fees
were regulated by the President, for foreign coun-
tries and foreign shipments, is entirely inapplica-
ble to the trade which is carried on between us
and the British North American colonies-, and the
result is a very heavy burden and embarrassment
to the commerce winch takes place over the bor-
ders, and is constantly inci easing
This has nothing to do with the salary. The
salary is fixed by law, and we have required that
he shall receive no more than his salary. The
difficulty is with thefecs charged by the subor-
dinates; and the amendment which 1 have intro-
duced goes simply to this point, that for those
certificates thus requisite, he shall receive only
fi>'ty cents each,,instead of two tlojlars. That will
allow one dollar—fifty cents for certifying the in-
voice, and fifty cents for the ceitificate of growth
and prediction on each invoice bf goods. These
goods come by railroad almost entirely, over the
border. The quantity is very large; the number
of packages is very laige; and I extend the r-mouiit
on which fees shall not bechaiged a little further
under the reciprocity trealy from $100 to $>200,
and make it a matter of legislation.
If this could be reached in anjr other way,
within reasonable time, I would'not offer this
amendment here. I do not want to interfere with
the President's tariff of fees as iatd down lor the
ordinary business which is transacted between us
and foreign countries; but this is .an exceptional
matter; it stands on its own giounds. We know
that here is a serious embarrassment to the trade.
It has occasioned great difficulty and tiouble all
along the border. The regulation which 1 pro-
posers perfectly understood; it does not interfere
wuh the general system at all, and we are per-
fectly able to comprehend it. I hope the amend-
I ment will be adopted. In my judgment it is
j necessary.
I Mr. HUNTER. The consular system used to
! be, under the old law, nearly, and perhaps may
| be said to have beeft enuiely, selt-supporting._
I The changes which were made by tiie bill of
j 1So5-56, also reduced the lees. The conse-
j ciuence is, it is becoming daily a heavier and
I heavier cliaige oil the Treasury. Here is a prop-
| osition to interfere, the Senator from Maine says,
1 not with the genetal tariff ot' fees, hut he mter-
I feres wall the tariff as laid down by the Prest-
■ dent over a very large extent oi countiy. This
matter ought to be systematized; the burdens,
whatever they are, ought to be equalized: and it
seems it is a subject for general legulation. I
would, therefore,'greatly prefer that this matter
should ail be postponed until there is some re-
vision ill the law, which, I presume, must take
place very soon,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
answer the point I suggested. The tariff of fees
I do not quarrel with. It is not to be presumed
that the President, when he made it, had refer-
ence to the British American provinces. He had
reference to business abroad—-the great bulk of
our business with foreign nations—arid' not ,to
this trade.
Mr. HUNTER. The President can alter t}je
tariff of fees now in regard to this matter, if he
thinks it necessary* to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The President and the
Departments can do a great many things which
they do not do, and which the honorable Sena-
tor, as well as myself, complain of them for not
doing. It is no answer to say that they can do
things. The Senator himself proposes to do sev-
eral things here to limit and restrain them. I
only carry it into a little matter thatis of pressing
importance, as I happen to know. Before the
appointment of the present consul general, there
was no complaint anywhere; the business went
on well; but the President has chosen, 1 suppose
on the recommendation of the consul general, to
appoint a very large number of consular agents
at different places, and the result has been exac-
tions oil this trade, by those consuMfr agents, to
suppoi t themselves, they having no salary, and
being entitled to none. They can be withdrawn
at any moment, if they are riot willing to take the
fees we provide-; so that it will lay no-sortof bur-
den on the Treasury. There is no salary pro-
vided for any of them; and this amendment will
do what is much more important to this country
than supporting a dozen, or fifteen, or twenty con-
suls; it will relieve the reciprocal trade between
this country and the British Provinces of a heavy
burden, and it does not interfere with the general
tariff of fees elsewhere at all.
Mr. ICING. The present extended system of
consular agencies in Canada has grown up under
the increased importations into this country from
the Canadas under the reciprocity treaty. Pre-
vious to that, tlifs line of consular agents did not
exist there. I have before me a letter from the
Secretary of State, transmitting, in comp.liance
with a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, a list of these agencies appointed in the
British provinces and the amount of fees received
duiiug ihe year 1858. 1 find at Kingston, Can-
ada West, the agent received for th#quar-
ter ending Marcu 31 j $448 for the quarter ending
June 30; $328 for the quarter ending September
jj 30; and so with a list of these fees, showing a
Ir large amount of fees received for the certificates
ji winch they give The operations of that treaty
ji arc giving extended dissatisfaction along the fron-
;! tier, and a part of the complaint agai-nst it is tile
fees wluch are exacted on the trade between that
[! country and thin, which arc new impositions
j] upon the trade that our people believe there is no
i1 necessity for.
Another cause of dissatisfaction with that treaty
is, that since its formation, the British Govern-
ment have imposed vety heavy duties on articles
going from this country into Canada, which are
not enumerated in the schedule in the treaty, of
P articles which are to be fTee between the two coun-
jj tries. Nearly all the articles which are made free
jl by the treaty, are articles which are exported by
j! Can;ida,and which they do notdesirp to buy,and
jj of which they have a surplus. It has, of course,
li largely increased their exportation.? to this coun-
!i try) while the tariff, which they have since en-
acted, lias reduced our exportations to the Cana-
[l das, and is a cause of complaint on our frontier;
il and a just cause of complaint. The'benefits result-
'' ing from that treaty to our side have not been very
I' gieat. The transportation of their heavy produce
j: on our railroads and canals is, of course, advant-
h ageous to this country; but the treaty, when ori-
;; gmally made, was unequal.
;j f apeak the more fieely m relation to it, because,
I' long'antecedent to the negotiation of the treaty,
I there was an effort in Congress by law to regulate
|| tiiis matter, and procui en tree interchange of duties
i; between the Canadasand ourselves—a proposition
j! which 1 favored, i was in favor of the reciprocity
ij treaty; I should be glad to see it vastly extended;
|i but 1 desue, in a regulation of our intercourse
wliii any country, which is called reciprocal, that
|l there should be smn; real reeipiocay about it;
!j that it-slrould riot be a treaty inuring pretty much
II to the benefit of one side. I introduced a resolu-
