70
THE ^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
sub-committee of the Democratic caucus, they
changed the number of the committee from seven,
as it was originally, to five members; and as I was
made chairman of the committee, they consulted
me on the subject, and stated then, that if upon ex-
periment I £ound that five was not a sufficient
number, they would alter the number to a larger
one. I have made the experiment, and think the
laboi s of the committee require an additional mem-
ber. I do not ask for seven, because that is rather
too large a number; six, I think, will be ample.
The Senator from Virginia, as well as every mem-
ber on the floor, knows how laborious are the
duties of thatcommittee. Perhaps nocommittee
of the Senate has as much labor to perform as the
Committee on Claims. This is the only mode
by which the change can be effected, it must
be upon motion to change the 34th rule, which
was adopted at the last session. I trust the Sen-
ate will at least indulge me in this respect; because
if there be any committee m the Senate that re-
quires additional members, certainly it is the' Com-
mittee on Claims. I have made the experiment,
and I presume all the members of the committee
will accord in the statement I make that we ought
to have additional assistance. I know there is
great difficulty in finding a gentleman to serve on
the committee, but I trust there will be sufficient
courtesy in this respect so that some member will
be found who will serve. I hope the resolution
will pass.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to understand
from the honorable Senator from Georgia whether
his committee consisted of seven or five members
at the last session of the Senate?
Mr. IVERSON. It consisted of five.
Mr. BAYARD. I believe the proposition now
is to add one member to the committee. I am,
myself, averse to altering the general rules of the
Senate in this respect, which have ausen from
the custom and experience uf the body. I do not
know whether the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia makes this request to the Senate at the insti-
gation of a majority of the committee by any res-
olution of theirs; and it seems to me that it is
hardly possible, at this early day of the session,
to find that the experiment has failed, because
there cannot well have been much business trans- i
acted ui any mealing of the committee subsequent j
to Us being appointed at this session. I am not !
disposed, myself, to change the number of a com- !
mittee without some strong reason for it, when the !
former practice of the Senate has been to confine it !
to a certain number, if'the Committee on Claims [
has found that the press of business is too great j
for it, and that it cannot get along without an ad- i
ditional member, then, of course, it will become !
a mailer for deliberation. 1 suppose when that !
change 13 made, you will have to increase the I
number to seven. I do not suppose we have ever !
constituted a committee with an even numbei,'be- .
cause you must always look to the possibility |
of division of opinion, and it necessarily leounes 1
some mode of having a decision, one way or the j
other, m the committee, at least so far as mini- \
bers are concerned. If the committee, by their :
experience, found that the duties were too 01:01 -
ous to be performed by five members, that would
be a legitimate reason for increasing the number
to seven; but that cannot now be alleged.
1 was once a member of that committee, before
the Court of Claims was established. 1 maybe
wrong, but it stukes me that the labors of that ;
committee cannot be greater, I should think far 1
less, since the establishment of the Court of
Claims, than they were before; because antecedent
to that time they had to weigh and investigate all
the testimony connected with the written docu- !
merits, and a great deal of the testimony was of a .
very loose cast. Independent of determining the j
questions of law which went to the foundation of *
a claim, they had also to ascertain whether the ■
facts weie pi operly and sufficiently proved to sua- ;
tain the case, supposing thy principle of it to be*
1 ight otherwise. Now, the mass of the claims ■
that go to that committee having been decided on ,
by the Court of Claims, the committee have the :
facts all ascertained by evidence judicially taken, ]
where both sides were heatd. The labor, there-
fore, must necessarily be diminished in that re- I
spect; and 1 should suppose that all the members j
of the committee would have to do would be to j
read the opinions of the court; and if, on the face |
ot those opinions, theie did not arise any question i I
which gave rise to doubt as to the propriety of
the recommendtfjpn, adopt it; and it would seem
to me, reasonin^rom what I should suppose to
be the labors of the committee, that they would
be less now than they were under the former sys-
tem. If that be so, and for a period from the
foundation of the Government, five members wero
sufficient to transact the business'-of that commit-
tee, I can hardly see, unless it comes very strongly
recommended by the committee, any reason for
wishing to increase the number at the present
session.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I Was upon the
Committee on Claims at the last session, and I
have also feeen put upon that committee for the
present session. There can be no doubt that there
is a great deal of work before thatcommittee; but
by diligent and constant application, the commit-
tee were able to perform the work that was before
them at the last session. I think I may say that
the committee did a great deal more work than
the Senate did with the claims which they re-
ported; not to say that the Senate was not dili-
gent, but we were enabled to report a great mass
of claims, which have not yet been acted on by
the Senate. I do not know what business may
come before that committee at the present session;
no one can tell; there has been as yet no meeting
of the committee. It would seem to me better that
the committee should stand as it is at the present
time. I do not desire to oppose the wishes ofthe
chairman; Idonotdpsire to oppose further as-
sistance upon that committee if it shall be found
to be necessary; but 1 desire that the committee
shall stand until we sec what business is before it,
and then we can determine whether we can per-
form that business or not. If we cannot perform
it, we have one of two courses with regaid to a
ccrtain portion of the business. There is always
a portion of the business that comes before the
Committer on Claims, that may, if wecannotfind
time to do it, be reported baek to the Senate, and
appropriately referred to other committees; butif
we cannot dispose of it in that way, and find it
accumulating on our hands, we can ask for an ad-
dition to the committee; we can state to the Sen-
ate that we have made an effort to perform the
business and cannot do it, and therefore ask that
additional force be given to the committee. I pie-
fer myself that the committee should stand as it
is until they have a meeting, until they have con-
sulted, until they know what they can do, and
know what will be the<business before them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to correct
one statement that was made by the honorable
Senator from Georgia. He said that this reduc-
tion of the committee to the number of five was
agreed upon in the Democratic caucus. I was un-
aware of that fact; and I think there must be a
mistake about it, because I happened to be a mem-
ber of a special committee that was raised by the
Senate to revise this whole subject of the com-
mittee^ fit the beginning of a former session.
Mr. IVERSON. Perhaps it was that com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At that time it was taken
into consideration, and I myself, being the only
member of the Committee on Claims who was
a member of that special committee of the Sen-
ate, proposed that the number should be reduced
from six to five. Having sei ved on the committee
during the whole of the preceding Congress, I
stated to the select committee that I believed the
number of live to be much more convenient than
six, and that it would save all trouble in reference
to an equal division of the members; that five could
do the work as well, in my opinion, and it wot®
be a better number for the Committee on Claims. J
All 1 can say in regard to my own experience ■
is, that I was a member of the Committee on ;
Claims during the last Congress, and I found no
difficulty m disposing of all the business that was
itiliusted to me. I could have done double the
amount with ease, and I believe that I had my
share of the business to be done by the commit-
tee. The truth is, with regard to thatcommittee,
that it has a clerk who does the principal part of
the business. The clerk draws up all the reports
of any sort of consequence, f^nd presents them to
the committee. The absolute labor of drawing
the reports comes from him, so that the members
of the committee have very little labor of that
description as a general rule. I do not know how
it may have been during the present Congress,
but such was the case during the last Congress.
I will not undertake to judge of the necessities
existing at the present time, because I am not a
member of the committee; but at the time the
change was made, it was at my suggestion, in
consequence of my statement of the experience I
had had in reference to the business of the com-
mittee. I believe the Democratic caucus had
nothing to do with it.
Mr. IVERSON. The correction made by the
Senator, perhaps, is right. My statement on that
point was merely from remembrance. I remember
that the committee that regulated the number of
members of thestandingcommitteesdid make that
statement to me. Perhaps it was the chairman of
the special committee, the Senatorfrom Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] who made it. I then rather pro-
tested against the reduction of the number of the
committee, and it was stated to me that if, upon
experiment, it was found that five should not be
sufficient, the Senate would add another member,
the original number, I believe, being six. At any
rate, it was understood at the time the committee
was reduced to five members, that if, upon exper-
iment, it was found that five should not be suffi-
cient, the Senate would add another member, the
original number, I believe, being six. At any
rate, it was understood at the time the committee
was reduced to five members, that if, upon expe-
rience, we should find that number insufficient,
the Senate would not hesitate to restore the ori-
ginal number.
Now, sir, in relation to the business of the Com-
mittee on Claims, I have a word to say. I have
been on the committee for three years. I was on
it the first two sessions of my service in the Sen-
ate, and I was made its chairman at the last ses-
sion ; and therefore I speak from some personal
knowledge. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard J is mistaken in supposing that the labors
of the committee have been lessened by the estab-
lishment of the Couit of Claims. There is not a
case which goes to the Court of Claims and which
comes back to the Senate, either favorably or un-
favorably reported upon, but has to be investiga-
ted by the committee. We have to look over the
judgments of the court; we have to wramine the
arguments of counsel; we have to look into the
evidence as nicely as wc had to do before that
court was established. It does not lessen the labor
of the committee a single bit, as far as I have hall
any experience on the subject. Indeed, I think it
increases it; because a great many cases go to the
Court of Claims which probably never would
come before the Senate but for its establishment,
and there the testimony is much more volumin-
ous. Both parties take evidence—the United States
as well as the claimants; and the mass of evidence,
m some cases, is very voluminous, which neces-
sarily the committee are bound to examine.
The Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessendbn,] I
think, is mistaken in relation to the facility with
which he could do all this business. He may have
greater facility for transacting business and inves-
tigating business than 1 have; but 1 am sure, from
my experience at the last session, that it required
nearly the whole of my time to examine the cases
which were refeirajL to me by the committee.
The clerk does not make out all the reports. It
would be impossible that the clerk should do any
such thing. Besides, the members of the com-
mittee cannot rely upon reports made out by the
clerk. If they do their duty, as I am satisfied
they did during the last session, they examine all
these cases themselves. They examine the cases
that are especially referred to them by the chair-
man, and then they make their reports. That has
been our habit at least. We do not trust to the
clerk; we cannot trust to the clerk; we are obliged
to examine for ourselves, becausc there are some-
times very important cases presented for our in-
vestigation, and each member looks into the cases
referred to him, and makes his report to thecom-
nnt^e 111 general meeting, and then the whole
case is gone over. The clerk does nothing more
than make a brief of the facts, and if necessary
he draws up a bill according to the dictates of the
committee; but very often the members of the
committee draw up their bills for themselves. I
invariably do that, unless it is a very small bill,
which requires only a few lines, and those in mere
formal language.
The business of this committee, so far from di-
minishing, is increasing every year. As the Gov-
