1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
ernment enlarges, as the population of the coun-
try increases, as the operations of the Government
become more extended, of course claims accumu-
late against the Government, which have to go to
this committee. If I had the statistics, I could
show the number of c&ses the committee investi-
gated at the last session. There weie more than
one hundred and fifty cases which the committee
actually investigated and reported to this body.
That is my recollection. There may have been
still more. I think at l%ast three hundred cases
were referred to the committee, some of which
could not be investigated. There are some cases
which did not receive the investigation of the com-
mittee, simply because there was not sufficient
labor in the committee. If a member of the com-
mittee is taken sick, as was the'case during the
last session—the Senator fr-om New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] was sick for months, and was un-
able to perform any service whatever—of course
the labors of the committee must be much more
onerous on the other members. Now, sir, my
experience is that the original number of this
commmee, which was six, ought to be restored.
Of course, if the Senate do not consent to this, I
shall perform all the labor I possibly can, with-
out a murmur.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a difference of opin-
ion, certainly not an unnatural one, between the
honorable Senator from Georgia and myself. I
was a member of that committee before the estab-
lishment of the Court of Claims, and of course
know, personally, what its busjness was then.
He has been a member since then, and of course
knows more than I do of its business now; but
neither of us can compare it relatively, founded
upon personal experience of the committee. My
own inference I consider as the correct one still;
that it is a much easier labor to take up the printed
reports which are sent by the Court of Claims, in
which arguments of the counsel, and the opinion
of the court, are printed, and to arrive at a cor-
rect result, than it would be to take up the same
case with the papers in manuscript, and arrive at
a correctconclusion. In the latter case, you have
to search out the testimony from investigation as
well as to consider whether the claim is good in
point of law, conceding the facts, which must be
done always in an argument of that kind; you
have to look at the testimony which is not on
both sides, to see if it establishes the facts, as
well as to make out for yourself, without the ben-
efit of the argument of counsel or the opinion of
the court, all the questions which enter intp the
propriety of a claim. I think, reasoning from
what I have seen of the business of the Commit-
tee on Claims, that necessarily its-duties are much
less now—I mean in each individual case. Cases
may have increased in number; that I know noth-
ing about; but I knew they were quite numerous
enough when I was a member of the committee.
Again, I think the honorable Senator is mis-
taken as to the number of which this committee
originally consisted. My impression is, that it was
always five until a very recent period, and that the
way in which the number six got into the com-
mittee was, that in consequence of the illness or
absence of a member of the committee, an addi-
tional member was appointee?, and he remained in
after the other member returned, and so the com-
mittee continued at six. That has been, I think,
since I came into the Senate; but I will not be
positive as to that.
Mr. CLARK. I have only one word to sayjin
answer to the Senator from Georgia. It is very
true that, for a considerable portion of the last ses-
sion, I was unable to bo present at the meetings
of the committee; but whenever I was able to get
to the committee-room, I think that he will bear
me witness that I was the first one there, although
I was obliged to he on ihe sofa after I got there.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will allow me
to niteri upt him, I will say that 1 did not intend to
cast any reflection upon his want of attention to
the duties of the committee, for he was a wery
faithful member.
Mr. CLARK. I simply wish to say, that if,
during the last session, they got along with four,
i bem<* sick, 1 can imw inform the Senator from
Georgia thiw 1 am very well, and canatt* nd to my
duty. [ IViughter.]
Mr. IVERSON. 1 beg t<> read to the Senate a
memorandum of the business before the commit-
tee at tho last session, made out by the clerk.
There were two hundred and one original cases
referred to the committee, and one hundred and
thirteen cases from the Court of Claims; making,
in all, three hundred and fourteen cases referred
to the committee during the last session. Of these,
the committee acted on one hundred and forty-
eight of the original cases, and twenty-two of the
cases from the Court of Claims; making one hun-
dred and seventy cases on which the committee
acted. That was done nearly altogether by four
members of the committee. I do not say that the
committee cannot perform all this labor, but I say
that it is imposing too much duty on the members
of the committee. It requires too much time. It
takes off too much of the attention of the mem-
bers of the committee from other important busi-
ness of the Senate; and I insist that the committee
ought to have this labor, to some extent, divided
with another member. That is just what I de-
sire—nothing else.
The resolution was rejected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. J. C. Allen", its Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills: *
A bill (H. R. No. 356) for the relief of Ros-
well Minard, father of Theodore Minard, de-
ceased; and
A bill (H. R. No. 565) to confirm the land
claim of certain pueblos and towns in the Terri-
i tory of New Mexico.
j ' THE NEW SENATE CHAMBER.
; Mr. BRIGHT. There is a resolution on the
' files, directing the Committee on Public Build-
| ings and Grounds to inquire into the condition
' of the new Senate Chamber, and report to the
Senate. I hope it will be tsken up, and acted on.
Mr. MASON. I shall object to that, if it re-
quires any removal.
i Mr. BRIGHT. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
RcsohctJ, That the Committee on Public Buildniirs and
Grounds inquire into the condition of the new Chamber for
the Senate, and report at what*tune jt may bp peunanently
, occupied, and the ceremony appropriate upon removing
f thereto.
Mr. MASON. I do not want to debate the
resolution; but, unless there is some reason for
' making this inquiry in reference to the manage-
■ ment of that department of the public buildings,
I see no necessity for it unless there is someun-
■ necessary delay, of which I am not aware. I
have never seen the new Chamber, and do not
know its state of progress. I am opposed to re-
moving to it this session.
Mr. DAVIS. The whole purpose, I under-
i stand, is to inquire whether wo can remove this
j session, or not.
j Mr. BRIGHT. Let the resolution be read
: again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is a mere resolution of in-
quiry.
The resolution was adopted.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to considering the resolution I offered
yesterday, and which went over at the suggestion
of the Senator from Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from North Carolina move the postponement of
the unfinished business of yesterday to take up
that resolution ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask general consent to
take up the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I object.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Chair to call the attention of ihe Senate to the
unfinished business of yesterday, being Senate
hi'} No. 05. I understand, though J was not in
the chair at tho adjournment yesterday, that it
was pending when the Senate then adjourned.
Mr. STUART. I wish to call the attention
of the Chair to the condition in which the Senate
adjourned yesterday. The Senate did not ad-
■ ]Ouvn with the Pacific railroad bill pending. It
was postponed until to-day. which gives it posi-
i tion among the general orders.
1 The "VICE PRESIDENT. That being the
case, the position of the Senator is correct. It
is not the unfinished business.
Mr. MASON. I made the motion to postpone
the bill, but without any design to displace it..
It is proper and right I should say so, though !
should hope to defeat it if I can; but I shall not
take advantage of that to get up the bill for the
payment of the Amistad claimants, though t de-
sire to have it considered as soon as possible.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the railroad bill wilt be
taken up as the unfinished business. That was
the intention of the Senator who made the motion
to postpone it.
Mr. STUART. I know nothing of the design.
I state that that is the fact; and that it does not
come up as the business of the Senate. What
may be the pleasure of the Senate, I do not know.
Mr. GWIN. Then I move to postpone all
prior orders, with a view to take up the Pacific
railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to*, and'the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S.No. 65) to
authorize the President of the United States to
contract for the transportation of the mails,troops,
seamen, munitions of war, Army and Navy sup-
plies, and all other Government service, by rail-
road, from the Missouri river to San Francisco,
in the State of California.
Mr. STUART. I do not know that any Sen-
ator desires'to speak to-day upon the Pacific rail-
road bill; it is a measure which, before it can
pass this body, has to undergo a very consider-
able amendment; and among other amendments
that have been proposed is one proposed this
morning by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Rice,] which has been ordered to be printed; but
not having been printed, of course Senators are
not advised of what its contents are. For my-
self, sir, I shall not be prepared to vote upon this
question until I can see the proposition of the
Senator from Minnesota. If in detail it is what
I understand it to be in principle, I am for it. I
think there are many other gentlemen who are in
favor of a Pacific railroad, who entertain similar
views. Under this condition of things, I would
suggest to the Senator from California whether
it would not be better to postpona this subject for
a day or two until that amendment can be printed,
and we can have the whole subject before us. We
shall gain nothing, it seems to me, by consuming
to-day upon it. I think it is the very first, or
among the first, special orders on the Calendar, so
;; that it would not be-displaced by a postponement,
jj I should be very glad, therefore, if the Senator
i| from California would agree to a postponement,
-i because I think we shall spend the day uselessly
: | if he does not; and I shall be glad to bring upan-
Jj other subject that I think the Senate can dispose
11 of to-day.
1; Mr. GWIN. There are a number of amend-
ments now pending, independent of that intro-
duccd this morning by the Senator from Minne-
• i sota, and it is utterly impossible to consider them
all, unless we proceed. If we proceed with the
question we can soon mature a bill. The sub-
: ject has been many years before the Senate, and
j we have now half a dozen bills on our tables in
j the shape of amendments to the original bill. The
' Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] has an
amendment which, I presume, he will move im-
mediately.
; Mr. DAVIS. The amendment which was of-
' fered at the last session, which was printed, and
: which stands as it is printed next to the bill re-
ported by the committee, was presented by myself.
: At the time I presented it, and it is so printed, it
l was supposed to offer the views of the minority
I of the committee. Thai appears at the head of
| the amendment. I have moved to strike out all
! after the enacting clause of the original bill, and
' insert a substitute.
,1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair undcr-
j' stands from the Secretary that there is now an
^amendment to an amendment pending.
Mr. DAVIS. This was the first amendment
:: offered.
;i Mr. GWIN, We are maturing some amend-
ments to the original bill.
Mr. POLK. I am very c^rt.un there is an
j* amendment to the first section pending, which
1 va? offered by my colleague ov myself. I recol-
;i lect offering an amerd.m nt to the first seefioo
j| of the bill reported by the majority of the com™
'< mittee.
