1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
unnecessary; and I therefore withdraw my prop-
osition.
The PRESIDING OEFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, as it has been modified
by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understood the Senator to
say he intended this to apply to the whole, civil
list.
Mr. HUNTER. This does not apply to all the
civil list. I said I intended to offer such amend-
ments as the other bills came up.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs,] to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate concurred in the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,] which was, after line sixteen, to insert:
^ndprovided further, That the salaries provided for in
this section, and the salaries and compensation of all other
officers provided for in this act, shall be computed in the
gold coinage" of the United States; and in no case shall
there be any allowance to any officer upon any dtaftdmwn
by him for his salary or compensation, of more than ten per
centum upon the amount of such draft.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am quite certain that if Sen-
ators had observed the operation of this amend-
ment, it would not have been adopted before,
whatever may have been the views of the Senator
from Rhode Island, on this question, in relation to
what he chooses to call exchange. Mr. Guthrie
in 1856, in the tables from which he read, gave
an account of how our ministers have been paid
from the beginning of the Government. I say the
practice has prevailed from the beginning, of pay-
ing them in thfs way. You have ministers now
in different portions of the earth, who have gone
away with this rule prevailing. You sent a gen-
tleman the other day to China, who drew from
the Treasury ofthe United States his salary under
that law. At all events, I should'suppose that
when he had been really paid utonc rate, this re-
trenchment should not be made until he shall have
notice of it, and have a chance to come back to
this country.
Now I propose to show the effect of the amend-
ment ofthe Senator from Rhode Island, It does
not affect a single one of the ministers in Europe,
except those at Turkey and at Naples. The
amendment allows ten per cent, for the loss of
exchange. It appears from the table annexed to
Mr. Guthrie's report, to which I have alluded,
that there are only two missions in Europe where
the exchange allowed has been more than ten
per cent.—-at Turkey and at Naples. The per-
centage allowed in France is four and two tenths;
in Spain, thieo and eight tenths; Russia, seven
and one tenth; Switzerland, four and two tenths;
Rome, four and five tenths; Naples, thirteen and
seven tenths; Sardinia, two and seven tenths;
Belgium, three and four tenths; Holland, four
and five tenths; Portugal, three and three tenths;
Denmark, eight and six temlis; Sweden, four ;jind
Turkey, ten and three tenths. It thus appears
that the limitation of ten percent, does not affect
the salary of a single minu-jter in Europe m point
of fact, for the slight difference in Turkey and in
Naples is hardly worth counting. You propose
to settle with them upon one principle, and to
apply the same rule to those where the premium
is larger, or what they call exchange is lartr^r.
According to this'rule, the salaiy ofthe minister
from China would be cut off one half, according
to the gentleman's statement, or moie; whereas
he proposes to settle with the other ministers on
a principle which still allows the loss of cxchunye
if it is not ten per cent. Where is the reason of
that? Where is the sense of it? On what possible
reason shall we say that men may have six,
seven, eight, or nine per rent., but shall not have
the.difference in the money value of the two coun-
tries where it is more than ten percent.? The
rule has been to pay them the par of exchange,
considering the silver dollar at three hundred and
eighty-six and seven hundred and four thou-
sandths grams of pure, silver, taking the value of
that in the country to which the minister is ac-
credited as the basis.
The list to which I have alluded shows the rate
allowed at Prussia to be about sever? per cent. If
you give your minister there §12,000 salary, and
pay him seven per cent, for exchange, you give
him $840 more. Then you allow that minister
§12,840, This is according to the Senator's rule-,
if.this premium is an addition to the salary. Then
applying the same rule to the minister to China,
instead of-getting $12*000, which the law allows
him, he would not get $9,000 in all. In China
the natural exchange would necessarily be greater,
independent of the difference in the unit of ex-
change. The dollar of exchange, I believe, is three
hundred and eighty-six and seven hundred and
four thousandths grains of silver. You pay it to
these ministers, and allow ten percent, where the
natural exchange is much less than it is with these
distant countries, for to reach them it takes time,
and it takes risks, and they are rather a barbarous
people. Oftentimes, with countries where there
is but little commerce, there is great difficulty of
making real exchange, to say nothing of the dif-
ference in currency. Where there is no difference
in currency, the exchange is always greatest with
barbarous Powers. Turkey has the largest per
centage in this respcct of any State in Europe;
Brazil is next. There it is twelve and four tenths
per cent.; in Bolivia it is twelve per cent.; in
Ecuador, ten and five tenths. In the countries
remote from the great centers of commerce, ex-
change is greatest; and yet you propose by this
amendment to allow them ten per cent., and no
more. I want to know the principle of it. If the
Senator from Rhode Island is acting on principle,
why will he allow some ministers ten per cent.,
when the actual difference of exchange docs not
go beyond that, and yet restrict them to ten per
cent, where the actual difference is much greater.
It is uftjust to make this discrimination. The
remote ministers ought to be on the same basis as
the others. If you will not consent to do that,
you ought, at least, to make this provision pto-
spective m its operation, and not act on them
without notice. Having some knowledge ofthe
mission to China, I am quite certain that the pres-
ent minister, at least, would not have gone there
with this salary. He cannot live there with it, as
I understand from the account of Dr. Parker; and,
as I stated before, 1 understood ftom the head of
the State Department that a recommendation
would be made to put it on the basis on which the
minister could live.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 inquire of the gentle-
man, if a minister to China be npointed here to-
day, and goes away and receives his salary, how
much of our money would he get?
Mr. TOOMBS. He would get the value of that
much money m China, allowing what they call
exchange, v/hatcvei it happens to be. It varies
from twenty per cent, in FooChow to fifty-one
in Shanghae. It is a changeable sum.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the practical con-
struction is this: we do not pay the man the sal-
ary mentioned in the law m our own money; but
we pay him what would be so many dollars in
China.
Mr. TOOMBS. You pay him the value of our
dollar. "YYe have had three orfour standards; but
we have settled down on the gold dollar. By the
act of 1792, the stiver dollar contains three bun-
dled and seventy-one and twenty-five one hun-
dredths grains of pure silver. The basis of these
salaries from the Revolution has been to pay the
value of those grains of silver in the country to
which the minister is accredited.
Mr. COLLAMER. How would you pay him
|j that? Would you pay hnn the number of dollars
mentioned in the law, and enough more to make
up the difference between the standards of the
two countries ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The value of the grains Of
silver in your dollar in the country to which he is
accredited, is the rule; and it is a certain rule, a
universal rule. The dollar of exchange is three
hundied and eighty-six and seven hundred and
four thousandths grains of silver. If that quantity
of silver here, which is the par of exchange, was
worth but three hundred anu forty grains of silver
in China, or three hundred grams of silver in
China, or two hundred grains of silver in China,
you would give him enough to make up the dif-
ference.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then, suppose the salary '
is $10,000, and he calls for it here;he is here and
gets it when he starts. Ten thousand of our gold
dollars would not pay him.
Mr. TOOMBS. It would not; and yet it might :
more than pay him. Mr. Guthrie's report shows
that in some cases the Government makes money j
by this difference in exchange, as. it is called, j
Ninethousandfive hundreddollars, in some cases,
might pay him. If you paid him on the silver
unit, it would be the value of the grains of silver
m a dollar, according to the laws of the Uni'ed
States, m tke country where he receives it. In
some countries they are worth more, and in some
less.
Mr. MASON. Allow me one moment. The
Senator from Vermont asks, if he comes to the
Treasury to receive his pay, what he would get?
The minister to China is in China, and cannot
come to the Treasury to receive his pay. Fay is
not given to him while he is in this country, ex-
cept, I think, for thirty days after his appoint-
ment, while he is here receiving instructions.
Mr. TOOMBS. This bill appropriates for the
next fiscal year, and he will be there then, of
course.
Mr. MASON. The minister is in China, and
is to receive his pay there. How is he to get it?
He is not to come to the Treasury to get it; but
the Treasury is to give him authority to draw
upon the Treasury here, or, which I believe is
the present arrangement, to draw on London. He
is entitled, by law, to receive $12,000 a year. He
draws on London for one quarter's salary, $3,000,
and sells his bill in China. What does he get for
lit? That is the inquiry. Does he get for it there
' the one fourth of $12,000, which would be $3,000?
I understand pot; but he gets the one fourth of
$12,000 diminished by what I think the Senator
from Georgia very properly termed not the ex-
change, but diminished by what it costs to con-
vert the $3,000 he is entitled to draw for, into that
which alone is recognized in the currency in China,
and which is some fifty or sixty per cent, differ-
ence. It is clear that if the amendment offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island prevails, it will
have exactly the effect suggested by the Senator
from Georgia. All our ministers abioad, the rate
of exchange on whose pay does not reach ton per
cent,, will not be affected,by it; they will receive
the difference; but in China, or anywhere else, if
there be such a place, where it does exceed ten
cent., they will lose all above ten per cent., and
you produce not only inequality, but the effect of
it will b'c not to comply with the law, for the law
intends, I presume, that the minister jshall receive
what the law provides for him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have never seen a prop-
osition made in the Senate, however plain, which
could not be elaborately answered; and the more
elaborately, in the judgment of others, the more
conclusively. I think I understand the Jaw. The
allowance of loss by exchange is an abuse that
has grown up within the last ten years. It is not
ten years since the Carolus dollar was ten per
cent, below the rupee of Bengal, in comparison
! with its intrinsic value. Now, I will take one
branch of the Senator's proposition at a time.
He wants to know why I propose the limit of
ten per cent., and he goes on to give the rate of
discount on different bills drawn on various coun-
tries in Europe. There is a propriety in putting
the limit of ten per cent. It is one half per cent,
more than the intrinsic value of the currency aa
indicated by the fineness of the gold. The real
exchange between our currency and the English
currency is nine and one half per cent. Every-
body knows that as commerce was carried on,
the English pound sterling was originally $4 44
in our currency,-because a silver dollar contained
the value of fifty-four pence in pure silver. Any-
body can see that, at four shillings and six pence
to the dollar, $4 44 is a pound sterling.
Mr. TOOMBS. We never had a dollar worth
fifty-four pence.
Mr. SIMMONS. The tables you were read-
ing from m that book show it. Let me have the
book.
Mr. TOOMBS. Here is the book; it is easy
to settle it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Here it is.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is it ?
Mr. SIMMONS. (i Dollar of exchange, fifty-
four pence."
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not our dollar.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was the first dollar we
ever coined.
Mr. TOOMBS. We never coined such a dol-
lar. I can show you what was the value of every
dollar we ever coined.
Mr. SIMMONS. But that is of no conse-
quence now. We have made the gold dollar the
