78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
you wan t the Government service performed. We
are not talking of commerce ' It has been demon-
strated that two hundred pounds' weight—the
weight of a barrel of flour—cannot be transported
on rails from the city of San Francisco to the^city
of New York for less than nine dollars and some
cents; and hence the idea of a general commerce
from city to city by railroad is out of the ques-
tion. It has to go by other routes. The main
object of this road is to meet the necessities of the
Government in transporting the mail, in affording
those facilities of communication which the wants
of the Army and the wants of the Navy may re-
quire; and these are the only wants that ought to
address themselves to the consideration, of the
Senate. Incidental benefits to commeice spring-
ing out from it may well be considered, but they
ought not to influence our action in locating the
road.
I have indicated no point, and, as I remarked
before, I do nof know that I shall. If I see a
proper disposition in the Senate to give it a fair
consideration, I mostassuredly will give my opin-
ion on it, and make a proposition in accordance
with that opinion. But my purpose now is, 40
show that we are not legislating according to my
understanding of my duty; and for that reason I
shall vote against the amendment. We are un-
dertaking to execute a specific plan to provide for
the defense of the country. Wc are asked to say
that this is a necessary and proper means of pro-
viding for that defense. I cannot answer that
question until I know where the road is to be;
because, if it be put on either of the extreme
routes, according to my honest judgment, it will
be neither necessary nor proper to meet the wants
of the Government; and for that reason I will
not transfer the decision of the question of that
necessity and that propnely to hands to whom it
has not been delegated by the States and the peo-
ple*—to capitalists. 1 will undertake to act upon
it myself; and if I err, I shall remember that " to
err is human."
Mr.WILSON. "We have ordered some amend-
ments to be printed, and also the bill presented
to-day by the Senator from Minnesota. The
Senator from Wisconsin has a bill which I think
he intends to present. I should like to look at it,
and have a little time to examine these various
projects with some degree of care. I move,
therefore, that the further consideration of this
subject be postponed until Monday next, so that
we may prepare ourselves to take up the matter,
and continue it then until it bo settled.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. If the honorable Senator
' will give way, I will ask unanimous consent to
introduce as an amendment to this bill, what I
gave notice of my purpose to introduce as a sub-
stitute for the original bill. 1 will not ask that it
be read, but that it be printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the pend-
ing amendment read. There have been sevetal
changes in it, and 1 do not exactly know how it
now stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the proposed amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
in lines seven and eight, of the first section of the
bill, to strike out the words: "on the Missouri
river, between the mouths of the Big Sioux and
Kansas rivers," and insert in lieu thereof:
Between a point in the boundary of Minnesota on the
forty-mntS) paiailel of north latitude, arid the mouth of the
Mississippi river.
Mr. DAVIS. "The mouth of the Missis-
sippi river5' is a very indeterminate phrase.
Mr. SEWARD. Say " the Balize."
Mr. DAVIS. That would be equally so. If
you would say the mouth of the Rio Grande, it
would certainly include the western frontier.
[Laughter.] Cut I suppose something must be
meant in relation to the line of the road. Now,
the road can neither start from the mouth of the
Mississippi nor the mouth of the Rio Grande.
Mr. IVERSON. Say "the southern boundary
of the United States."
Mr. DAVIS. If you say "the southern bound-
ary of the United States," very well. One of the
reasons why I asked for the reading of the amend-
ment was that I had heard the thirty-second de-
gree of latitude announced. That would not do;
because that would be to raise a question which
has been argued, and on which I expect the opin-
ion of engineers may well be in doubt, as to the
best crossing point thereabout, and the thirty-
second parallel is not our southern boundary. It
is, perhaps, some minutes south of that; but just
there is an important point. If you say " the
southern boundary of the United States," it will
include all those places.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now before the Senate is to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Monday next.
Mr. GWIN. I think we had better vote on the
pending amendment. [" No, no."] If it is un-
derstood by the majority of the Senate that the
subject will come up again on Monday, I have no
objection to a postponement. My great object is
tonave as early consideration of this question as
it is possible to obtain after full information shall
be before the Senate. If the proposition is to
postpone for the purpose of putting the bill in
such a position that it cannot come up, I object
to it; but if it is for the purpose of taking it up
then, and proceeding with the discussion,! have
no objection. If a majority of the Senate wishes
for more time, (and there is evidently a majority
of the Senate m favor of a Pacific railroad, as
has been shown by the test vote to-day,) I am
willing to postpone it to Monday that we may
then matuie the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I make this motion to post-
pone simply for the purpose of examining these
various projects with some degree of care prepar-
atory to giving an intelligent vote on the subject.
I, for «ne, am willing to take up the bill on Mon-
day next, and to adhere to it until it be settled.
[" Agreed.5'] I do not make the motion for the
purpose of embarrassing the question in any re-
spcct whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi move to amend the pend-
ing amendment in the manner suggested by him?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. Instead of the words,
" mouth of the Mississippi," I move to insert the
words, <k the southern boundary of the United
States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless objected
to, if will be considered the sense of the Senate
that that be the proposed amendment. [" Yes."]
It will be so modified. The question now is on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until Monday next, at one o'clock,
and make it the special order for that time.
Mr. MASON. I am not disposed to protest
against any disposition of the bill which its friends
choose to make of it; but I think we had better
go on with it and end it. As to understanding,
1 think we have seen enough, from the discussion
here to-day among the friends of the bill, to show
that it is not susceptible of being understood by
any delay that may be given. 1 have looked into
the report of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing to-day, and it states, I think, that the tenth
volume of the Pacific railroad explorations and
survey is now in the course of benag printed, and
is not yet finished.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state to him that all the exploration has been
printed long since. That volume is the work
of sarcms who have been engaged on the entomol-
ogy, and botany, and geology,and other branches
referred to them.
Mr. MASON. I have no doubt the Senator is
correct. I only spoke of the fact that the tenth
volume of this exploiation or survey for a Pacific
railroad is not yetfinished. Whether it contains
any surveys or not, I do not know. I have looked
into the volumes heretofore furnished, and no
more. I do not know that any Senator has been
able to read them, unless he devoted his time to
them exclusively. But I referred to the fact that
there are ten volumes of the surveys, which are
not yet finished, as confirmation of my sugges-
tion that the subject is not at present susceptible
of being understood. I do not think, therefore,
that any advantage will result from the delay. I
think we had better go 011 with the bill, and dis-
pose of it in some way.
Mr. GWIN. Then I shall insist on going on
with the bill to-morrow; and I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 14, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. N. Coombs, D. D.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
EMIGRANT ROUTE TO PUGET SQUND.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois, byunanimous
consent, gave notice of his intention to introduce
a bill to establish an emigrant route from the most
eligible point in Minnesota to Puget Sound.
* APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, by unanimous consent,
reported bills of the following titles; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed: *
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending 30th June, 1860;
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, I860; and
A bill making appropriations for the current
and contingentexpenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
tribes of Indians, for the year ending 30ih June,
1860.
RECIPROCITY STATISTICS.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was con-
sidered and agreed to: •
ReiolvcJ, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be request-
ed to furnish to this Houxe a statement of the amount and
kinds of rhe productions of the British colonies imported
into tiie United States free of duties, under the provisions
of the treaty botvveen Great Untain and the United States,
signed June 5. A. i>. !Po4. known as the reciprocity tieaty;
and ako the amount and kinds of the productions of the
United State"! exported to the said British colonies under
the stipulations of the said treaty, fiom the ratification of
said treaty to the present time; and also the amount and
kiudaof like productions imported from and exported to said
colonies fiom the year 1850,inclusive, until the ratification
of said tieaty,and the amount received from duties thereon
during that period.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on Eli-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 356) for the relief of Ros-
well Minard, father of Theodore Minard, de-
ceased; and
An act (H. R. No. '565) to confirm the land
claim of certain pueblos and towns in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
through Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a resolu-
tion changing the plan of the custom-house at
Galveston,in the State of Texas; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House rosolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] is entitled to" the floor.
IMPEACHMENT OP JUDGE WATROUS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the resolutions submitted by the two branches of
the Committee on the Judiciary; on which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I approach this
subject of the proposed impeachment of Judge
Watrous with a due sense of its importance. I
gave to the reports and evidence that considera-
tion which was demanded by my duty as a legis-
lator, during the interim between the sessions, to
enable me to arrive at a just conclusion in de'term-
ining my vote, but without any intention of taking
part in the discussion.
If the advocates of Judge Watrous had been
content with their vindication of him from the
charges preferred, I should have remained silent.
But as some of them have thought proper to as-
sail the accusers, I feel it my duty to address the
