80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
clared said Mussina to be in contempt for having com-
menced and prosecuted this suit at New Orleans, and or-
dered him to be imprisoned, and because he could not be
found in the State of Texas, ordered his property to be se-
questrated, as above stated.
" The committee have examined numerous records, con-
sisting of pleadings, orders of court, affidavits, and deposi-
tions; and, after a patient and laborious research, they have
reluctantly come to the conclusion that the conduct of
Judge Watrous, in the easel above referred to, cannot be
explained without supposing that he was actuated by other
than upright and just motives ; that in his disregard of the
well-established rules of law and evidence, he has put in
jeopardy and sacrificed the rights of litigants, and in ac-
quiring a title to property in^htigation, or held by adverse
possession, he has given just cause of alarm to the citizens
of Texas, for the safety of private rights and property, and
of their public domain, and has debarred them from the
rights of an impartial trial in the Federal courts of their own
district. In view of the above-recited facts, and the con-
clusions of the committee, they report the evidence, and
the following resolution:
u Resolved, That John 0. Watrous, United States district
judge for the district of Texas, be impeached of high crimes
and misdemeanors.3'
It is especially to be remembered, Mr. Speaker,
that this report is based entirely on record testi-
mony. I desire to call the attention of the House
especially and emphatically to this fact, and to
the further and crowning fact that these recdrds.
of Judge Watrous's court, on which all the mate-
rial charges of Mussina were based, were before
the committee of the present Congress, as like-
wise the parties who made them, and no attempt
was made to impeach any one of them.
These same accusing records, on which the
Judiciary Committee of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress came to a unanimous judgment of the guilt
of Judge Watrous, are before the House to-day
as witnesses for his impeachment.
It is worthy of the observation of the House that
the report of the committee of the last Congress,
to which I have just referred, does not partake of
the character of mere assertions or argument only,
but rests upon a mosLcareful examination of the
evidence.
We find, in the abstract they have annexed to
their report, which { make a part of my remarks,
the date assigned and the page given for every
material item of evidence in the case, (See Ap-
pendix No. 1.)
I would call the attention of the House to the
approval which four members of the Judiciary
Committee of this Congress have given to the
judgment so deliberately made of Judge Wat-
rous 's official misconduct towards Mussina by
the former committee of the Thirty-Fourth Con
gross. This approval comes to us with such
authority and with such extraordinary evidences
of truth as to constitute, in unbiased minds, a
chain of evidence that leads irresistibly to the
conviction of the guilt of JudgeWatrous.
It is known that the present Judiciary Com-
mittee at the last session investigated the conduct
of Judge Watrous with the greatest patience, and
with an evident and earnest desire to arrive at the
truth. For five months this investigation was
steadily pursued; for a great part of this time the
committee were in daily session occupying in
their examination of witnesses even the hours of
the day when the House was sitting.
No circumstances were wanting, no pains were
omitted, nothing was denied, to insure a full, im-
partial, and truthful investigation. Every oppor-
tunity of explanation and defense was afforded to
JudgeWatrous. He was indulged in a tedious
defense by the committee; he had able counsel
to conduct the investigation; and in a spirit of
liberality, as I think, the committee went so far
as to refuse to allow his witnesses to be im-
peached.
This, I say, sir, was undue liberality; for it en-
abled Judge Watrous to make a defense from the
testimony of the officers of his court, and also the
partners in his iniquity. But notwithstanding all
these circumstances of advantage on the part of
the judge, and after the most patient and compre-
hensive examination of all the facts, no matter
how remote, in his favor, we find, sir, a portion of
the committee affirming, in the strongest and most
unreserved terms, the same judgment of his guilt
that had first been pronounced, on the same
charges which Mussina had submitted for inves-
tigation m the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
That judgment of censure and evidence of guilt
is affirmed m the following clear and decided lan-
guage. Summing up the proofs in the case, they
say: *
(< Every irregular or wrongful decision of the judge was
in favor of the complainants and against the defendant,
Mussina, and those occupying a similar position, and was
to their particular injury. By maintaining the proceeding
as one rightfully brought on the chancery side of the court,
these defendants were illegally deprived of their right to a
trial by a jury, and were compelled to submit to an adjudi-
cation upon their rights to the property in such a manner
that the decision would be final and conclusive as to the title
of the property, instead of one upon the right of possession,
which would at once have been pronounced, on the law
side of the court, in an action of ejectment. By maintain-
ing jurisdiction over the case, when a portion of the de-
fendants as well as the plaintiffs were aliens, these defend-
ants were deprived of their rights to have the questions
involved in it decided by the courts of Texas,io whose ju-
risdiction they were rightfully amenable, and whose laws
were to govern in that decision. By admitting incompetent
witnesses to testify, their rights were affected by evidence
given by persons who had an interest in the litigation ad-
verse to theirs. And, finally, they were prevented from
having the decision against them reviewed in the appellate
court by the failure of the judge to perform his full duty to
them in facilitating the exeicise of the right of appeal, given
to them by law, from motives of public policy, for their own'
private advantage, and that, too, when there is some reason
to believe that the decree by the court is not in conformity
with the principles of law, as recognized in Texas. Such
a course of action, continued through th'e whole progress of
a cause, in favor of some of the parties and against others,
is, to our minds, conclusive evidence of the existence of a
puipose, on the part of the judge, to favor one party, <or set
of parties, at the expense and to the injury of others, which
is inconsistent with an upright, honest, and impartial dis-
charge of the judicial function. And this, we believe, con-
stitutes a breach of the 'good behavior5 upon which, by the
Constitution, the tenure of the judicial office is made to
depend."
As to that portion of the charge assigned by
Mussina, in relation to the judge's prosecution of
him for alleged contempt, the report of the com-
mittee of this Congress, from which I have just
read, also affirms the former investigation, to the
cffect that the action of the judge was tyrannical
and oppressive. This matter, sir, of unauthor-
ized, vexatious, and wrongful persecution of a
citizen for alleged judicial contempt, is no light
subject of complaint. It must be considered that
m such a case there is no appeal to the Supreme
Court; and a corrupt and malicious judge may
practice his tyrannies with impunity, under dis-
guise of such proceedings fpr contempt as were
authorized by Judge Watrous in the case of Mus-
sina, unless Congress, as it is now invoked to do,
shall interfere to establish a precedent that shall
hereafter check judicial tyranny.
In reference to the contempt case, the report
already referred to as that of a portion of the
present committee, says:
u ft also seems clear, when the pleadings in the suit in-
stituted by Mussina against Stilhnan, Belden and Ailing, and
Basse and Iloidjin the fourth district court ol NewOrleans,
are considered, together with the judgment rendered in it
upon the verdict of a jury, and the evidence in the con-
tempt case, that there was no rouudation whatever for the
proceeding against him for a contempt, and that the action
of the judge with respect to it was unauthorized bylaw,
and was intended to be vexatious and oppiessive. How any
other conclusion can be aruved at, when it is remembered
that the fiut n  New Oileans was instituted by Mussina
against Ins co-defendants alone and their counsel, and re-
lated to rights growing out of their own tiansactions, it is
not easy to conceive."
It appears that the report from which I have
been reading is signed by the honorable members
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chapman,] Wisconsin,
[Mr. Billinghurst,] Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,]
and Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] gentlemen distin-
guished for legal learning and talents.
In addition to these two reports, the former
made to theThirty-Fourth Congress, and followed
by the one just referred to, made at the last ses-
sion, both adjudging the accused guilty of high
crimes and misdemeanors, we have a copy of the
resolutions of the Legislature of Texas, adopted
in 1848, branding Judge Watrous with " one of
the most stupendous frauds ever practiced upon
any country orany people, "and urgently request-
ing him to resign his office. This comes to us as
an expression of the voice of Texas ten years ago.
The same appeal lingers here for justice, and
the resolution still stands unrepealed upon the
statute-books of the State.
I will read the resolutions:
" Whereas it is believed that John C. Watrous, judge of
the United Srates district court for the district of Texas,
has, while seeking that important position, given legal opin-
ions m causes and questions to be litigated hereafter, in
which the interests ot individuals and ot the State are im-
mensely involved, whereby it is believed he has disqualified
the court in which he presides from trying such questions
and causes, thereby rendering it necessary to transfer an
indefinite and unknown number of suits hereafter to be com-
menced, to courts out of the State for trial; and whereas it
is also believed that the said John C. Watrous has, while m
office, aided and assisted certain individuals, if not directly
interested himself, in an attempt to fasten upon this State
one of the most stupendous frauds ever practiced upon any
country or any people, the effect of which would be to rob
Texas of millions of acres of her public domain, her only
hope or resource for the payment of her public debt; and
whereas his conduct m court and elsewhere, in derogation
of his duty as a judge, has been marked by such prejudice
and injustice towards the rights of the State and divers of
its citizens, as to show that he does not deserve the high
station,he occupies: Therefore,
" Section 1. Be Unresolved by the Legislature of the State
of Texas, That the said John C. Watrous be, and he^is
hereby, requested, in behalf of the people of the State, to
resign„his office of judge of said United States court for the
district of Texas.
" Sec. 2. Be %further resolved, That the Governor for-
ward the said John C. Watrous, under the seal of the State,
a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolution; also, a
copy to each of our Senators and Representatives in the
Congress of the United States."
I read, also, the followir^j resolution passed by
the Senate of Texas, August, 1856, but at too
late a period of the session to allow of its several
readings in the House, previous to the adjourn-
ment:
" Whereas the Constitution of the United States provides
that' the judges, both of the supreme and inferior courts,
shall hold their officos during good behavior;' that John C.
Watrous being appointed judge of the United States district
court for the State of Texas, before or during the month of
May, 1846, and is still presiding over said couit; and where-
as an act of Congress was passed requiring said Watrous,
judge, to reside in his district, thereby making known that
ho was a non-resident and stranger among the people over
whom he presided as such judge, and an implied condem-
nation ofhis official behavior ;.and another act of Congress
passed, which provided for the branching his court, thereby
showing that it was intended to deprive him, as-far as pos-
sible by legislation, of the means and facilities which he
then and there possessed of accomplishing his wicked de-
signs, and to weaken the unlawful combinations which he «
had then and there foimed, and a joint resolution passed
the Legislature of the State of Texas, enumerating very
many sufficient causes, and requesting said Watrous to re-
sign his said office, yet said judge holds on to his office with
the tenacity ot a convict felon holding to life, and adding
insult to injury done the country, by procuring and publish-
ing a certified character, obtained by him from the grand
jury of lii& own court; and whereas chaiges were preferred
against Watrous foi Ins outrageous violation of law and his
uniform course of bad behavior, and that said charges have
been delayed and postponed by the contrivances of said
Watrous, aided by his compeers, who, after defeating in-
quiry into his official misconduct, had the effrontery, by cer-
tificate statements, to undertake to whitewash a characier
blackened by deeds of crime ; and whereas it is quite gener-
ally believed that ini rich cases'in his court, a party's success
depends altogether upon his employing the favorites of said
judge as the party's attorneys, and thereby secure the said
judge's active cooperation in making up the ease,- his
boasted control of his jury, and the final speech to said jury,
wherein he faits not to use every argument, both false and
sound, as occasion may requiie, to obtain the verdict; and
whereas said judge is guilty of obtaining and attempting,
by contriving and carrying on a made-up suit m his own
court, to validate in the same over twelve "hundred fraud-
ulent land certificates, claimed by himself and his 1 com-
peers,' and of a class—in all the enormous amountof twen-
ty-four million three hundred and thirty-one thousand seven
hundied and sixty-four acres—of fraudulent certificates,
theieby attempting to deprive his country of avast domain,
besides causing the State the cost of additional counsel in
defending herself against such enormous preconcerted spo-
liations- ; and whereas, on discoveiy of his interest in said
class ot certificates being made, said judge transferred said
suit for determination to the United States court in another
State, after shaping the case and influencing that court m
such a manner ad to obtain his desired judgment; and where-
as said judge, since his appointment, has interested him-
self in a class of eleven-league land claims, which class of
claims cover miliums uf acies of the best lauds of the State,
generally regarded as invalid, and his vast interest in sus-
taining said class of claims, and means of accomplishing
his purpose, owing to his station and influences with the
officials and juries of his court, render him obnoxious and
dangerous to the general welfare of the people ; and where-
as it is believed by very many good citizens that said Wat-
rous, in connection with one Thomas League, and other
' compeers,} are directly or indirectly interested in most of
the important suits brought in his court; and whereas it is
believed that said Watrous is now in Mcxico, engaged in
procuring more of that class of land claims, in oider to en-
rich himsplf and his £ compeers' at the expense of his coun-
try ; and whereas the interests and feelings of said Watrous
are wholly antagonistic to the interests and feelings of the
people over whom he so disgracefully presides; and where-
as the period of his administration has been marked by a
series of acts of paitiahties, oppressiohs, speculations, and
frauds, which render him odious and abhorred in the sight
of all good citizens - Therefore,
" Be it resolved, That our Representatives in Congress are
requested, and our Senators are instructed, to use every le-
gitimate means in their power to procure the removal of
said John C. Watrous from said office."
I wish the House most seriously to consider
whether this array of verdicts against Judge Wat-
rous, pronounced in the most deliberate manner,
and under the most imposing circumstances, by
public bodies, does not peremptorily call for a
full investigation of the case by regular and final
trial at the bar of the Senate. It will be recol-
lected also that a resolution of the Texas Legis-
lature was presented at the last session, request-
ing this honorable body to investigate the official
misconduct of Judge Watrous.
