1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*63
form, and escape deficiency bills. Until you do
so, we stand here for no other purpose than to
register the edicts of the executive bureaus. My
object is to bring these disbursements within con-
gressional control, and to provide that if the appro-
priations be exceeded by executive officers, they
shall be exceeded on the direct responsibility of
the President'of the United States, who may jus-
tify himself on the necessity arising from the cir-
cumstances under which he acts. I hope there
will be no opposition to this amendment.
Mr. FAULKNER. As I indicated on yester-
day in reply to the gentleman from.Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] I shall be pleased to see such an
amendment ingrafted on the bill, if there be no
objection to it on the scoreof order. If the ques-
tion of order is waived, I accept the amendment
as a part of my own.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the
Commiitee of Ways and Means, by reducing the
amount to $300,OUO. I think the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Virginia, as modified
by the proposition introduced by the gentleman
from Kentucky, meets the very case presented to
us by the Quartermaster General, in which he
complains, in two official documents sent to this
Congress, that the expenses of constructing bar-
racks and buildings for the troops are not within
the control of any Department or any officer 6f
the Government. I trust that the amendment will
be adopte'd, and that this limitation will be placed
upon executive officers.
But 1 desire to go further. I desire to meet the
objection made by my colleague, f Mr. Stanton,]
when he said that he thought $400,000 was too
large an amount to be appropriated in one year
for the repairs of buildings, I think it is entirely
too large. I think there is room for as great an
abuse there as has been complained of by the
* Quartermaster General. I think there is as good
an opportunity of exceeding the proper amount
of expenditure, when you give to the Department
POO,000 to be expended for the alteration and re-
pairs of old buildings, as there is when you give
it $500,000 for the construction of new ones. I
think that the amendment which I propose only
reduces the amount to a proper sum. It leaves
$100,000 for rent of quarters which we do not
own; and gives §,200,000 for the repair and alter-
ation of buildings which we do own. That amount
is, I think, abundant; and I trust the amendment
which I offer will he agreed to by the commit-
te0The question was taken on Mr. Pendleton's
amendment to the amendment; and it was agreed
to. ,
The question recurred on Mr. r aulkner s
amendment as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouu, by adding
to it the proviso thut has already been added to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
on motion ofthe gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall.] .
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the per-
mission of the gentleman, I will say that the
amendment now pending was reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means. If I am at lib-
erty to accept his amendment, I will do it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman can accept it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yery well, sir;
then I will do so. .
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means, as modified, was read, as follows:
Provided, That any officer of the Army who, as a dis-
bursing agent, shall Hereafter undei take to engage the public
credit in advance of the appiopnations made by <-01]Sr ^
shall,on conviction befoie a court martial,be <li«mu--ed trom
the service, unless he shall exhibit as Ins justification, <m
order m writing, to make such disbursement, trom his mi-
perior officer, approved by the President of the United
States.
Mr. McQJJEEN. I wanttoask the gentleman
from Missouri a single question. I believe that
this amendment proposes to appropriate g520,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The bill as re-
ported, proposed to appropriate $700,000—the
amount estimated by the Secretary of War. The
amendment emanating from the Committee of
Ways and Means, recommends $505,000, distrib-
uted in different departments, as therein speci-
lied. One hundred thousand dollars of that amount
is needed for the payment of rent and commuta-
tion of quarters, leaving, only $405,000 for the
construction of barracks, and so forth.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. And the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs, pro-
poses to appropriate only $300,000?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Four hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means appropri-
ates $505,000.
Mr. McQ.UEEN. Well, I shall vote against it.
The amendment reported from the Commiitee
of Ways and Means was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-eiffht, noes not counted.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out the whole
paragraph. I will not detain the .committee a
moment. This is an appropriation for the con-
struction of barracks and other buildings at points
which it may be necessary to. occupy during the
year. 1 wish to give those members of tf)e House
who are opposed to the multiplication of these
posts an opportunity to vote upon a proposition
to strike out the whole clause.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer the
following as a proviso to the clause providing for
mileage or the allowance made to officers of the
Army for the transportation of themselves and
their baggage, when traveling on duty:
Provided, That the mileage hereafter to be. drawn shall
be confined to their actual traveling expenses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is that amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it is.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is well
enough, as we are retrenching the expenses of
the Army, that we should strike at the proper
points. An officer traveling under orders, but
without a command, receives mileage at the rate
of ten cents a mile,
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman's
amendment is as broad as it can be. There ought
to be some restraining word in it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Let the
phraseology then be, " necessary actual traveling
expenses." An officer now traveling under or-
ders, but without a command, is all-owed ten cents
a mile. It is proper, when an officer is ordered
on a court-martial, or oideied elsewhere, that his
actual expenses should be defrayed. Officers
ordered to report for duty are paid that mile-
age; and, sir, some of the higher officers have
swollen up that account of mileage, as the books
will show, to a startling amount, while their actual
expense in tiavehng, to report for duty, was not
one eighth of what was paid to them. While they
are traveling thejr pay is all the time going on.
1 would not have an officer move at his own ex-
pense; but I think that, when the Tieasury is in
its present condition, an officer ought not to be
permitted, under the head of mileage, to make a
profit upon the order that he receives. Therefore,
1 propose that the mileage shall be cut down to
the point of actual traveling expenses.
Mr. REAGAN. This proposition should be
considered before it is acted upon. It would seem
that the gentleman was proposing a reduction of
the expenditures; but, Mr, when you recollect
what are the expenses of traveling m addition to
the cost of living, it is probable the expenditures
ofthe Government will be double what it now is.
At present, officers'get ten cents a mile for travel-
ing That would only pay their stage fare in
most of the portions of the country where they
are required to travel. They could not live while
they were traveling for less than two or three
dollars a day. That, sir, would be a part of the
expense of traveling. Then, instead of paying
three dollars for thirty miles travel, or four dol-
lars for forty miles travel, you will have to pay
six or eight dollars under the gentleman's amend-
ment. 1 present this suggestion for the consider-
ation of the House.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected. *
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move
another amendment:
] Provided, That the mileage of any officer shall not ex-
I ceed five cents per mile.
| Mr. CHAFFEE. Does not that change exist-
i J ncr law ^
i ?rhe CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
! is within the scope of the last amendment, and
J that, therefore, it is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
see whether there is a disposition here to cut down
tlie mileage of-officers, so as to approach their
actual traveling expenses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that the amendment makes a change of existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. It merely qualifies appro-
priations under existing law4 The Chair rules
the amendment to be in order.
Mr. BONHAM. *1 rise to oppose this amend *
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky j my col-
league on the Committee on Military Affairs. It
not unfrequently happens, and I apprehend that
it has come within his own knowledge, that an
officer's expenses of travel are greater than ten
cents a mile. He may bo detained by sickness,
or want of connection between the trains. Ten
cents is notalargeamountfor an officer's traveling
expenses. Members of Congress receive some-
thing like forty cents a mile; and when gentle-
men"propose to cut down the mileage of officers
ofthe Army, perhaps they had better look at their
own mileage. I trust that the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers. . .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bitffinton
and McGIceen were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes"50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided further, That mileage shall not be allowed when
the officer has been translerred or relieved at his own re-
que&t.
The amendment explains kself; and I will not
consume the time of the committee in discuss-
ing it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out $490,000; so that the section will read—
For transportation of the Army, including the baffga^e of
the troops when moving eitbei by land or water; ol clothing,
camp and garrison equipage, from the depot at Philadelphia
to the several post? and Annv depots, and from those depot*
to the troops in the field : ol'horse equipment*, and of sub-
sistence from the places of pnichase and Irom the places of
delivery under contract; to &uch places as the circumstances
ofthe service may rerjuiio them to be sent; of ordnance*
ordnance stores, and small arms, ftom the fonnderies and
armories, to the aisenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and
Army depots ; freights, wharfnpe, toll*, and fames ; for the
purchase and htreof hor es, mules, and oxen, and the pur
chase and repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of snips,
and other sea-going vessel? and boats required foi the ttaus-
portation of supplier and for garrison purposes ; fordrayage
and cartage at the several po>ts ; hire of teamsters; trans-
portation of tumhforthe pay and other dMmrsmg depart-
ments ; the expense of nailing public transports on the va-
rious rivers. theGulfof Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific;
and for procuring water at such posts as from their situation
require that u he brought fiom a distance ; and for clearing
roads, and removing "obstructions therein to the extent
winch may be required for the actual operation ofthe troops
on the homier, $3,000,000.*
Mr. FAULKNER. As the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means acquiesces in the
propriety of this reduction, it is unnecessary to
make any explanation of it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BRYAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add, in one hundred and fifteenth line, after the word
And $184,554 50, or so much theieof as may be necesfarv
to pay the amount due foi the protection of the floniier of
Texas, assumed bv Texas prior to the 27th day_/>f-JaJ,
1859, under calls for volunteers.fromGeneral bmiin, gov-
ernors Pease and Runnels: Provided, Tihat sal:> ' «tory
proof shall be made ol the amount citpende^nd that t o
same was necessary and proper for the said  Wtanteer..,.ana
the. time said troops were in service : d<uI ?r0Dwie'' ('"1
That the volunteers so called out shall not rtxeivc hi„her
pay and allowances than volunteers of the same description
in the service of the United States.
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
I tion of order. The expenditures proposed to t>e
! paid for by that amendment were not authorized
i bv existing law. Although these troops may
have rendered service, still, they were not called
out in the manner provided for by the laws of the
United States. The State of Texas, I understand,
has paid these expenses, and therefore the amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. BRYAN. I have drawn that amendment
with a view to obviate the objection just Raised*
