THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHIETBYIOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1858.
New SEBrts....'Ti'0.'
Sir, in arriving at the conclusion that the inter-
ests of public justiceand the peculiar duty of the
House, in a proceeding of this nature, require
that Judge Watrous should be committed for trial
before the Senate of the United States, I have not
neglected to examine all the defenses and evi-
dence urged in his behalf. I have sought to do
full and impartial justice to the accused, to the
extent of my ability to judge between truth and
falsehood, right and wrong. I have not omitted
to examine the report emanating from a minority
of the committee and made in his defense, and
which is indorsed by my colleague, [Mr. Clark,]
a member of the Judiciary Committee, who has
urged the exculpation of the judge in a forcible
speech.
I examined that report, sir, with some anxiety
to discover in it some ground, some recital of
evidence, or some circumstance to excuse Judge
Watrous, or to justify a charitable doubt, which
I should have been glad to entertain, of his guilt.
But I found that it amounted to nothing more
than a broad assertion of thff judge's innocence,
slighting the evidence, and even failing, on its
own showing, to examine into a portion of the
charges. j
I would direct the attention of the House to an I
instance of omission in this minority report to (
inquire into*the merits of an act of Judge Wat- j
roua which was particularly complained of, and
which was strongly censured *by the unanimous j
voice of the Judiciary Committee of the Thirty- |
Fourth Congress and by a portion of the present J
committee. This instance of omission may well I
serve to illustrate the want of proper consideration ;
of a material part of the charge. Referring to the ; j
process of contempt issued against Mussina, the ;
signers of the report decla're: j
" If it had been followed by actual arrest of person or i
seque=tiauon of property, the undersigned, out of tender j
regard for the rights of the citizen, might be disposed to i
inquire into its merits with fare." j
What a strange avowal is this to make ! The j
merits of the contempt case have not been inquired ;
into with care, because the executive officer of \
Judge Watrous'scourt failed to capture the victim [
and despoil him of his property. Was it less un- [
just, less unauthorized by law, less criminal in ;
the judge to issue writs of arrest and sequestration ;
from the fact that they happened to be returned ;
unsatisfied? His offense was the same, whether !
the writs accomplished his objects or not. fie vio- i
lated law, abused his power, and prostituted his .
court to private malice and cupidity; and for this, j
- it might be supposed, a Federal judge would be |
held answerable to the offended^ and outraged laws i
of his country. But no; the signers of the report
* would not even inquire into the conduct with carc,^
because the poor hunted victim of judicial tyranny ,
had got, for the time, beyond the reach of his per- j
secutors. It must be remembered, too, that these ,
tyrannical writs still hang over Jacob Mussina, ;
who, a citizen and resident of New Orleans, can- ;
not venture his person or property in the adjoin- \
ing State of Texas without incurring the risk of ;
the execution of the tyrannical sentence of Judge j
Watrous. . 1
In what a position does this circumstance place j
the contempt case, so slightly and carelessly dis-
missed by the honorablegentlemcn who have sub-
scribed the judgment " full and entire acquittal
of the accused! Here is a citizen of Louisiana pre-
vented from entering the borders of Texas, dis- ;
qualified from holding property there, and actually j
forbid to go imoaStateof thcUnion; and yet we ;
are told by this branch of the Judiciary Commit-
tee which exculpate Judge Watrous, that '• there ,
is nothing m it deserving the attention ot tne ,
House." _ , |
I do not consider it necessary, Mr. bpealter,
after pointing out this instance of failure of duty t
and disregard of right and justice in the minority ;
report, to establish by further and detailed e.riti- ,
cism its unreliability. I do not consider it!leces"
sary to indicate further the absence of a lull anu
proper consideration of the points involved. 1 hey
ore sufficiently obvious from the judgment and
6
temper manifested in excusing and protecting the
tyranny of Judge Watrous, because his malice
had fallen somewhat short of its aim.
But, sir, before dismissing this report, I cannot
refrain from offering some general remarks on the
visionary suggestions it makes, that " there is
nothing in the affair but the resentfulness of dis-
appointed litigants;" meaning, I suppose, Mus-
sina and Spencer, who had preferred distinct ac-
cusations against Judge Watrous. Sir, the idea j
is simply preposterous that private citizens, from |
mere " resentfulness," should subject themselves |
to years of toil and harassment, and to an enorm- j
ous expense, in order to bring a judge to a trial
if it could only result in his full and entire ac- !
quittal! It is entirely improbable thpt any man j
of common prudence would, merely to gratify bad
passions, undertake the impeachment of a judge,
and follow it up through all the tedium, difficulty,
odium, and expense, that he must necessarily en-
counter in bringing him to the high judicature of
the United States Senate, with a conviction that
an acquittal must eventually be pronounced in
favor of the accused. *
It should be considered to what pains and haz-
ards a party subjects himself in taking ground
against a United States judge in seeking his im-
peachment if this judge should be really inno-
cent. Charges of judicial corruption are not
likely to be made, at least not likely to be fol-
lowed up with real zeal, regardless of time and
expense, and through all the difficulties that the j
official and his surroundings may thiow in the
path of justice, merely from personal spite, and !
without any foundation in fact. I think that it is '
quite improbable tliata judge could be persecuted
to this extent by resentful suitors in his court; and !
I may say further, that it is not probable such a
motive of private malice could originate a pro-
ceeding against Judge Watrous, the truth and
justice of which have been affirmed in most of the
preliminary investigations of the case made by
public authority.
These investigations have covered th« whole j
ground of the judge's official misconduct, and not
only on charges to which I have referred in these re-
marks, but in numerous and multifarious charges
of other acts of judicial corruption he is deemed j
guilty, and in consequence of which he has be-
come repulsive to the people of his district, who
now, in conjunction with the memorialists, seek
the interposition of this honorable body.
The limited time allowed to me under the rules
of the House for this discussion, does not permit i
me to enter at any length into the land frauds i
and land speculations which Judge Watrous is 1
charged with.
But gentlemen who have preceded me in this
debate have sufficiently informed the House of
the material facts on which the charge of Eliphas
Spencer is preferred in accusing the judge of cor-
ruptly lending his court to sustain his own title
to a grant of land, and of complicity in the pro- ;
curement of an alleged forged power of attorney, i
upon which? his title wholly depends. I cannot
now do more, for want of time, than to refer
generally to these important and apparently sua- .
tamed charges, and to invite a careful attention j
! to the majority report of the committee on this |
important point. j
1 would invite the attention of the House to the
character of the testimony by which it has been
sought to absolve Judge Watrous. It appears
that there were brought here a number of friendly
and interested witnesses to give evidence in favor
of Judge Watrous, consisting of the officers of
his court, Love, Cleveland, Jones, bheaier, his
agent, John Treanor, and of his partners^in alleged
land speculations, League, Lapsley, I row1, and
others. The Judiciary Committee refused toallow
these witnesses to be impeached, but 1^ beg the
House to examine their testimony with just sus-
picion. Numerous contradictions appear, i on
will see evidence of collusion; you will notice^
Jud°-e Watrous refreshing the recollections of
these witnesses, (see Appendix Xo. 2,) and the
variance in their testimony from day to day, to
suit his case. You can then give proper credit to
men naturally prejudiced in favor of the accttsed
and,interested m his crimes.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion let me indulge the
hope that this House will not hesitate to execute
the high duty it owes to the country in subjecting
to trial before the Senate of the United States a
judge who stands before us charged with high
crimes and misdemeanors, which lessen the high
character of, an8 our respect for, the bench. This
impeachment is due to the dignity and purity of
judicial position, to the people of Texas—to the
memorialist whose rights have been trampled
upon, and to the country; and more than all, it is
due to the accused that he should vindicate himself
before the high court of impeachment, that if in-
nocent he maybe acquitted. Until that is done,
his usefulness as a judge is gone, his honor tar-
nished, and his integrity impeached.
The House may refuse to put him upon his
trial, but it cannot obluerate the record of his
alleged crimes and misdemeanors, nor remove the
stigma underwhich he rests; nor will sachavote
restore the confidence of the people of his own
district or the country.
[APPENDIX No. 1.
abstract' of testimony referredto in Report of Committee Of
the Thirty-Fourth. Congress. -W
In the Cavazos case, suit was instituted January 12,1849,
by E. Allen arid William G. Hale, solicitors, claiming to
repiesent eight citizens of Mexico, against citizens of Texas,
thus giving tiip flmted States courts jurisdiction, (p. 15.)
Motions to dismiss the bill of complaint as to five of the
complainants, as having been filed by tbe said AUcri and
Hale without authority, (p. 35 )
Motion to dismiss, referred to a master in chancery, who,
after citing and heating tiie parties, reported that no author-
ity to commence the suit on the part of five of the com-
plainants had been shown, (p. 37.)
The motion to dismiss ostensibly sustained, but in effect
only so tar as to strike the names of such five complainants,
sworn citizens of Mexico, from the bill of complaint, and
without any motion, leave was granted to the remaining
three complainants to amenfe the bill, by making defendants
the said parties thus strickcn from the bill; and without
any process or notice to them, it is entered of record by the
court, in the same entry, that the said parties appearing in
open couit, by an attorney in fact, did agiee to place upon
the record, by answei or otheiwise, an acknowledgment
that they were citizens of the Sfare of Texas, to give the
court junsdichon, (p. 48.) One of the parties, Ramon
Lafon, was an jnlant, and another, Angela Garcia de Tar-
nava, a married woman; neither could make a binding
agreement, even in open court, (p. 95.) The following is
tije Older lefeired to:
£{ Order.—June 30,1849.
" Raphael Garcia Cavazos and others )
vs. >
" Charles Stillman and others. )
" Upon consideration of the motion made by ElisbaBasse
and Robeit H. Tlord. counsel for Don Constantino Tar-
nava. Dona Angela Gaicia Lafon de Tarnava, his wife,
Don Ramon Lafon, Don Manuel Prieto, and Dofia Feliciana
Goseaseoehe de Tigmna, made parties complainant m the
bill of complaint in tins cause ; and upon further consider-
ation of the several affidavits filed in respect to the said
motion and the said bill of complaint, and the argument of
counsel, it is now hereby ordered that the said motion be
sustained, and that the other parties complainant in the
said bill named have leave to amend the said bill by making
the nbovenamed parties complainant defendants to the
said bill; and thev, the said parties, so to be made de-
fendants. now appearing by R. H. Hord, their attorney in
! fact, in open court, do agree that, being so made parties de-
i fendaiit, they will place upon the record in this cause, by
an«wt>i or otherwise, such averments as will recognize the
I junsdiction of this court, by acknowledging themselves
| citizens ot this State lor the purposes of this action, and
' the costs already incurred and the liabilities accrued to be
I borne by the parties remaining complainants."
I Jacob Mussina's interest appeared by affidavit of S. A.
! Reidi'ii, (P.4'2.) Bill amended, maknig liim, as a citizen ot
I TuVa^ partydefendant, July 7, 1849, (p. 49.) PiledI his
1 answer, which wa< under oath, and in said answer set forth
I that he was a citizen of Louisiana, (p. 50.)
i Motion of defendants to exclude all packages of deposi-
! pons exhibits transcripts of auy sort and description what-
' Soever dependent for their admission upon the depositions
! or affidavits of William 6. Hale, Esq, one of the solicitors
of the complainants, on account of lu  mteicM, (p. 113,)
0,Cros fnterrogatoricf and answers of William G. Hale as
i33'I34' ,35') wherei" he ad,°"5
ile 1^13 a (lo.-il for partol the properLy in litigation, and
i that lie and lus partner were to share in the proceeds of the
! sale of the property when recovered.
II Extract from answer of William G. Hale, (page 13i.)
I " Some time after making of the original agreement, and
I after the commencement of this cause, the complainants
il executed conveyances to Mr. Allen and myself ot a certain
