1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
on a point of order, by the gentleman from Mis-
souri. The Committee on Military Affairs re-
ported a bill to reimburse the State of Texas that
amount which if? now before the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The amend-
ment has been drawn so that the matter might
be .referred to the accounting officers of the War
Department, and settled by them, and not, as was
proposed by the bill, to reimburse the State of
Texas. It simply*proposes to make an appro-
priation to pay these expenditures to the amount
that will be found due.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chdir sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order; because it is in the nature of a claim.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.' I would like to hear
some explanation of this clause:
" For the purchase of horses for the two regiments of dra-
goons, tlic two regiments of cavalry,theregunentof mount-
ed riflemen, and the companies of light artillery, $200,000."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Five regiments
of mounted troops are now engaged in difficult
and arduous service on the frontiers, in which
many horses are injured and rendered unservice-
able. The troops have been engaged in the pros-
ecution of hostilities against the Indians, in the
Territories qf Utah and New Mexico; and the
destruction of horses, in consequence of these
campaigns, has been very great, and renders the
appropriation necessary. Last year $200,000 was
appropriated for the purpose, besides a further
sum in the deficiency bill, on account of the Utah
expedition.
I will further remark to the gentleman from
Virginia, that if you intend to keep the Indians in
subjection, it must be done by mounted troops;
and unless you furnish them with horses it is use-
less to keep an army, there. This is the amount
which the Quartermaster General estimates will
be needed during the next fiscal year.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 move to strike
out " two M and insert " one," so as to make the
amount $100,000. Mr. Chairman, ail our Indian
wars are now, I believe, at an end; and we have
no wars at this time.
Mr. BRYAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will ask him what he
means by the term "war?"
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I suppose the
absence of peace. Thai is as broad a definition as
I can give.
Mr. BRYAN. I presumed that was what he
meant, and I will inform him that the whole line
of the frontier of Texas is now at war.
Mu SMITH, of Virginia. I ain satisfied that,
if the people of Texas would stay at home and
mind their own business, and let the Indians
alone, there would be no war.
Mr. BRYAN. On what authority does the gen-
tleman say that ?
Mr. SMITEI, of Virginia. Let me go on with
my remaiks; 1 have but live minutes In tins
state of our relations with the Indians, and in
view of the fact that, after recent developments,
the Indians are not likely to interfere with us, it
is my conviction and belief that $100,000 is an
ample sum to keep up the force that is already
mounted. I am desirous of reducing the expenses
of this branch of the service somewhat. I am not
willing to allow an overflowing appropriation for
the purpose of enabling mihtaiy men to gratify
theirfancy in horse-flesh. I know how easy it is
for a man who has a horse that is not exactly to
Ins liking, to have htm condemned as unfit for ser-
vice and sold, when there is plenty of money for
him to pin chase some pet or favoiite. I trust it
will be the pleasure of the committee to reduce
the amount.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 will say, in re
ply to the..gentleman from Virginia, that we have
a mounted force upon the frontier, and that it is
necessary to furnish them with good horses.
The appropriation, under this head, for 185G, was
$235,256; and for 1857, it was $221,7:23
1 will state the prices at which hoi ses have been
purchased. The horses purchased at New Or-
leans, in 1856, cost from $180 to $250 each; and in
1857, $235. Those purchased at St. Louis and
Memphis, in 385G, cost $150; in 1857, $160 to
$175; and in 1858, i<159. The horses puichaspd at
Fort Leavenworth, in 1856, cost from $100 to
$135; in 1857, fiom $125 to $160; and 1858, from
$115 to $170; and so at other points at which
they have been puichased.
In reference to the condemnation of horses in
the service, the gentleman from Virginia is mis
taken. The horses are not purchased for the use
of the officer^, but for the privates and non-com-
missioned officers of the mounted regiments. The
officers furnish their own horses; but you furnish
the mounted men with horses, and it is not an easy
matter for a private to get his horse condemned,
and none are condemned, unless they are unfit for
the service.  
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar, and I do it for the purpose of
asking a question of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I would ask him
how many horses there are in the Army and
what is the average price paid per horse ? Sup-
posing each horse to cost $100—which is about
as much as they ought to cost—the amount which
he proposes to appropriate would supply one
third of the horses every year.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. You have to
purchase one fourth or one third of the horses for
the troops every year. I mean that one^third or
one fourth of the horses are worn out in the ser-
vice each year. I have already stated the price of
the horses purchased at different places; but per-
haps the gentleman from New York did nothear
me. Those purchased at New Orleans, in 1856,
cost from $180 to $950, and in 1857, $235. Those
purchased at St. Louis and Memphis, cost, in
1856, $150; in 1857, from §160 to $175, and in
1858, §159. Those purchased at Fort Leaven-
worth, in 1856, cost from $100 to $135; in 1857,
from $325 to $160, and in 1858, from $115 to
$170.
Mr. MORGAN. I think the constituents of
my friend from Missouri have a pretty good time
of it selling horses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The misfortune
is, that the horses are bought elsewhere than in
the State of Missouri.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a question upon this subject. I understood him
to say that one third of the horses in the service
were worn out every year.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. From one fourth
to one third.
Mr. MAYNARD. That would make a change
of the horses in the service every three or four
years. Now, we knowthat under ordinary usage,
a horse, after it gets to be four years old, will last
wiih care from five to six years. I would ask the
gentleman whether the shorter life of the horses
in the service is owing to the harder usage, or to
the want of care and attention ? .
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is owing to the
severe service to which the horses in the Army
are applied, and to the fact that we refuse to ap-
propriate ihe money necessary to procure the
grain upon which the animals are to be fed at
these distant posts.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then,! would ask thegen-
tleman whether the proposition now made to re-
duce the appropriation would not, in his opinion,
be very pooreconomy on the part of the Govern-
ment, in causing the destruction of the horses of
the Army?
Mr. MORGAN withdrew his amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, when my colleague stated that
the frontier of Texas was in a state of war, the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] made a
remark, which I feel that if he had reflected be-
fore it was made, would have been unsaid. He
stated that if the people of Texas attended to their
own business, they would not have had any war
with the Indians. I presume that the people of
Texas are as humane as the people of any other
portion of the Union. We have, it is true, to live
upon the frontier 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would say that
I did not mean particularly to refer to the people
of Texas, but I alluded to the people upon all the
frontiers of the country. I allege that they are
all too severe upon the Indians.
Mr. REAGAN. I cannot yield now*. We have
the misfortune of having an Indian frontier of
several hundred miles. People from all sections
settle upon that frontier. Settlements are going
on there as they are all along the line of new fron-
tier extending westward from the Mississippi,
and eastward from the Pacific ocean. Occasion-
ally, conflicts grow up, because of the advance
of the white settlements upon the Indian coun-
try. I will not discuss whether it is the policy of
humanity or not that the settlements of the white
people should advance upon the savages. I will
not discuss the question whether it is the policy
that barbarism should give way before the light
of civilization and the policy of our Government,
which has been humane and just. Nor would I
be understood as denying occasional acts of in-
justice, on the part of the people of my State,
towards the Indians. But that will not justify
the general and sweeping remark made by the
gentleman from Virginia.
It is said that Indians are the weaker party,
and, therefore, would never provoke hostilities.
That is the language of theory. The Indians are
in absolute ignorance of the power of the Gov-
ernment. They are wild, roving bands of igno-
rant savages. They have no knowledge of moral
obligation; but live mainly by thievwig. They
steal the property of our citizens. They murder
the good as well as the bad. For several years
they have been devastating the frontier. It has
been found necessary for the Government to take
active measures to punish these roving bands of
wild Indians. General Persifer F. Smith felt it
to be his duty to call out six companies of volun-
teers, which were a part of those provided for in
my colleague's amendment. Governor Pease felt
it to be his duty to call volunteers in addition to
the troops furnished by the Government. Gov-
ernor Runnels, a discreet, humane man, felt it
to be his duty to call additional troops into the
field. General Twiggs, who had command of
that department, justified that action. He felt it
to be his duty to complain that the Government
had not given troops enough to protect the peo-
ple of that extensive frontier; to protect their ,
property, and the lives of themselves and their
families, against the incursion of the savages.
We arc told that it is our fault that war exists;
and that is attempted to be made an argument
why Texas shall not be given pioper protection.
We are building an empire there for the benefit of
the Government, and the aggregate interest of the
United States. It is alleged that that State is not
entitled to be reimbursed the money they have
paid out for the protection of our frontier. I trust
that the remarks to which I refer will be with-
drawn. Let the gentleman's family be placed
where thousands of as good men's families are,
upon the frontier; let him feel the agony of seeing
j his wife and children tomahawked; let him be
distressed by having his horses stolen and his
cattle killed, and then he will appreciate why this
Government should afford protection to that fron-
tier,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. REAGAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move the
following amendment:
For pay, subsistence, and transportation of two irgi-
ment* of voluntas, authorized bv act of Apnl 7, 1858,
should the Prudent c'al! same into the field to suppress
Indian hostilities, ^200300i}.
Mr. Chairman, the act of the last session au-
thorized the raising of two regiments of volun-
teers. There has been no provision made for
their pay and subsistence. From information
which we have from Arizona, it seems that there
will be an urgent necessity for calling out these
regiments. 1 think that we should now make
provision to meet the necessary expenditure if
they are called out.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No information
has yet been given to Congress of any expected
necessity for the calling out of tfhese troops.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think that
the President called attention to the subject in his
annual message.
Mr. PHELJPS, of Missouri. If it had been
deemed necessary that they should b$ called out,
estimates would have been submitted to us for
defraying the expenses of those troops if they
should be called into the field. It will be recol-
lected, too, that information has reached us, since
these estimates have been submitted, that Indian
hostilities have been brought to a close in Wash-
ington Territory. Information lias reached us
that difficulties, which were expected to occur in
Utah, have subsided; and that the Navajo war,
