1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
by me without any wipEeation from either of these gentle- .
men, merely foi the put pose pf rendering my testimony as 1
accurate as practicable.
""•Question, (by Judie W airbus ) Have you made any
part of your deposition or statT.i^nts on snjge^iors made
by inc or Judge Hughes, or in consequence ot anv thing either
ot us has said to j on ? ' ,
" Answer. No, &ir; cxcept so far as mv recollection was
refreshed by the conversations."—Testimony, p. 158. i
Testimony of James. Love. *
" Question. Have jou conversed with Jud«c Watrous 1
since the adjournment yesterday, m regaid to the matter of
tins rehearing?
" Answer. I conversed with him about nothing with re- '
gaid to the rehearing whatever. i
" Question. Have you conversed with him at all m rela- :
tJon to the testimony you gave yesterday t I
" Answer. J did. ;
11 Question. As to what point?
"Answer. Simply as to the point that be mkunderMoort 1
my testimony yesterday, f appioaehed lina and &.;ud, ' I do
not wish to talk with you aw itn<\«,-« at all ; II;* repeat! d
that; 4 and,'said he,'you may nik to a>nbody ei^e you
please, but I will not hear you.' Ho stavrd i-Tthe room a few
minutes, and J spoke to others about it. lie m,-.fie no reply,
except to say tiiat he thought 1 was mi-taken m what"I
&Uted jesturday ; thai is. that my voi-ion ol u \va- not ex-
actly coirect. Mr Cuslnng vva-? present wh'-a f addie-sed
the judse, and borli of them said tiiey would not hear me.*'
—Testimony, p. 365.
"Question, (by Mr. Ckapm-an.) What pot lion of your tes-
timony yesteiday was it that Judge Watrou-* retried ta-
when belaid your lecollection was. erroneous, oi your stated
ment was not correct? ' :
" Jinswer. I had designated (he names. of divers-lawyer:-, j
who had appeared for Mr. Mussina, and had t-aui that Mr. '
Herd, and Mr. Potter, and Mr. Memman. and Mr. Hart-
ley, and Atchison, weie the counsel for Musiina; and I said
that I thought Atchison was perhaps m court at the tune j
attending to the ease; Judge Watrous %aid no; that Mr. I
Atchison did not attend to it at ail. That wa^ one point. I
£l Question, (by Mi.'Billikghcrst.; Did he suggest who !
did attend it ?
u Answer. No, sir; lie did hot say anything in my pies- '
ence then. 1 iieaid Inm sav this morning. m conversation
with another. Mr. Howard ltfennk, that Mr. Potter attended f
to it; hut he did not >ay so to me then. I
" Question, (by Mr. Chapman.) You were going to state j j
anothei point: what was it? ij
u Ansiver. It was m regaid to my testimony as to Mr. '!
Atchison's convei&ation with my son. I stiii adhere to >i
what I said, although hi? recollection differs from mine. I 1
had said that I undcibtood from my so'i that Mr. Atchison
prp«.e ted the petition to Judjre Wntinus in Ins chamber. 1
lie said that it had not been presented at ali, and that I had .
misconceived wnat my ton had told mc in relation to the <-
fo«"ts. I gave my understanding of what it was, and I re- ;;
tain that recollection yet "—Testimony, p. 358. j;
A few of the many contradictory statements of i!
J. A. H. Cleveland, the deputy marshal of Judge
Watrous's court, are placed m juxtaposition to
show how the testimony of tins witness has j!
varied on the different days of his examination i'
before the committee, showing also a refreshment ;
of his recollection by the judge: j
Testimony of J. A. II Cleveland, as to the occurrence in '
court about 3f>\ Atchison's taking an appeal in the Cava- '
20$ case. <
On examination, April 29. |
(i Question^ (by Mi. Clark.) Then I do not want it; I
only want what was done in open court, or what Judge
Wauous heaid. What was eaiii about taking an appeal ?
Ans -er. Judge Walious directed me 
Question. In open court?
" Answer. Yes.
" Question. Jn the presence of Atchison?
- Jinswer. No, Mr. Mr. Atchison had quit the court-
house, very angiy.
•* Question, bid ise say, when he quitted the court-house,
that he had abandoned the case ? ;;
££ Ansaer. No, sn ; 1 do not lecollect; he was in a bad |,
humor geneiallv.
" Question. And he left the court ? ;
" Jinswer. He h-ifrtiie court. j
" Question. After lie left tne couit, whatdid Judge Wat- \
rou=>ay? j
<• Answer. After he left the court, Judge Watrous oidered !
me—I was then a deputy marshal, and in attendance on t
the coui t—to appoint a bailiff, and keep Inm in the court- -
house for the purpose of letluig him know if Mi. Atch^on ;
came in, and to keep the court open until the time of the
suitinir of the boat to: Brownsville, where he wa« going to i
hold lu-v neU teim. In place of putting a baihft m couu, I 'l
remained theio in> self, ami stayed there until twelve o'cioek ;;
eaeti niuht K
'• Question. What day wa* that? '•
" tdns't'o. That was the 10th and 17th of January. The
couu adjourned at the tmse the bell was rung on board the 1'
boat for p.^smiireis to <zo on hoard. j'
" Question, i'hc court adjourned the 17th of January. :j
1 S.V2^ j;
Answer. Y',a ji
u Question. When wa3 it that Atclnson left the court-
room? , ,
" Ansver. On the ninininsr of the l,>th ot Janu.uy, Lbov. 1
41 Qi eshon. The deeu r was lendered on the 15th:
u .inMf 'r. Yes.
"Question. Was there anyfuither business done after ;
the decree wa.-v xcndeicd? •'
Atwu'tr. So fin ther business was done, but to make up ■ |
tlnv miniue-' and hicn thorn. That the judge did, and went
from the couu-house to the hoar.
" Question. Was there any further business done be-
tween the 15th and 17th ?
k* virwu'er. I do not thmk there was.
*' Question. Then the last business done was the rendi-
tion of the decree ?
" Answer. I think go.
i: Question. What time of the day was it on the 15th ?
" Ans-i er. I think the decree wan rendered aboute^ven
oi twelve o-'eiock on the morning of the loth, f kept the
court open.
" Question. How late that day?
; " Answer. Till about twelve o'clock that night.
'• Question. And the next day ?
"Ansver. I went from the market-house, about day-
light, to the court-house, and remained there that day until
about twelve o'clock tiiat night. ^ *
" Question. Tnat was the 16th?
, cc Answer, Yes, sir.
! " Question. Well, the 17th ?
" Answer. About twelve o'clock, on the 17th, Jud"p
Watrous left for Brownsville, on the boat. *
" Question. Wiien was Judge Watrous'oCourtatBrowns-
! ville held?
; *' Answer. Jt was; held in the month of January.
" Question. Then tins keeping the court open after the
, bu«we*s wa?dono was ali nnusinl
•* Ansuer. Yc^; but the judge told me he wanted to affoid
Mr. Atchison an opportunity to take an appeal.
" Question. Did Atchison know that this was going on ?
" Answer. I do not know ; I think he did.
" Question. Wiiat nrikns you think he did?
" Annver. I ask^d Mr. Jones to tell him, and to say thaf
I was tir jd remaining theie.
. t£ Question. Do you know, of your own knowledge, that
: Atchison knew it; had the judge informed Atchison, before
he left the court m a pot. that he should keep the court op°n
; for the purpose of facilitating an appeal, or wgs tins order
■ made after Atchison had left; T want to see if Atchison
( knew it; did Atchison come in there at all ?
u Ans-iver. No, sir; he never came.
" Question. Was then* a pretty tull attendance of the
bar, at the time that Judge Watrous told jou to keep the
' com t open?
I " Answer. I do not think there were a great many law-
yers m the room ; I am certain, though, there were some.
! u Question. Do you know of any fact that would tend to
( satisfy us on the point, whether Atchison knew of Judge
Watrous's keeping the court open ?
I " Answer. Nothing more, tnan that I myself sent Atchi-
I son word by Jones, the deputy clerk.
| " Question. But no =ti-p was taken further?
" Answer. I did not f&ol bound to follow Mr. Atchison.
" Question. You sent Joiie-^ after him 5
"Answer. I did that us a matter of accommodation. I
wanted to get r>d of sitting thpre dny and night.
" Q!icsfio?i. Whcoe was Judge Watrous these two days?
cc Answer. In the office, adjoining the couit. Redirected
me to come to him, if Atchison came in.
" Qjiestion. Before Atchison lelt the court was anything
said by Atchison or by the ludge about an appeal at all ?
- Answer. I do not recollect."—Pages 181,182, 183,184,
On examination, May 1.—J. A. H. Cleveland
examined by Mr. Cushing, counsel for Judge
Watrous.
" Question. You have stated that, after the complaints
bv Mi. Atchison in court, on the rendition of Judge Wat
roup's decision m Cavazos is. Shannon, the judge ordered
the coiut to lie kept open to iceeive an appeal. Was that
order g-ven befoie or aftei Mi. Atchison left couit?
" Answer. I was mistaken, the other day, about that.
On reflection, and on thmkm<; a good deal aboutit, I lecol-
lect pretty much what occurred in eouit. The order was
made in Mr. Atchison's hearing, just as he was in the act
of leaving court.
kk Questioji. Do you recollect the woids that Judge Wat-
rous employed in making that order ?
" Ansu-er. I do, sir.
Question. Please state (hem.
" Answer. At the close of the discussion between Mi.
Atchison and tiie judge, Mr. Atchison wa< evidently angry,
and replied in pretty harsh terms, as I stated, to thejudge.
The judge lephed to him,£ I do not intend to be put m the
wrong m this matterand he turned to rac and said, ' Mi.
Marshal, do you keep this court open as long as 1 can possi-
bly lemam here, lot the purpose <u letting Mi. Atchison take
whatever course he pleases.' lit' turned away, with his
hat m Ins hand, and lelt tin* court-ioom J>—Page 15^.
Cross-examined by Mr. Evans.
'• QueUion. You recollect I was qnUe particular in mv
inquiiie? as to the notice given in couit as to keeping the
court on"n for an appeal; whether Atchison had or had not
left the court when that notice was given ; have you had
any conversation with any pirtv on that point since?
" Answer. I have, sir ; but it was m oidei to see whether
I was ruiht or not.
Question. With whom ?
" Answer. With Colonel Love, and with Judge Watrous,
and with Mr. Sheaier.
 v QjieiftOR. Did \ ou ti avel to this city with Colonel Love5
i( Answer. No; 1 came here alone. I camc a different
route fiom the other witnesses.
Question. Did yon have any conversation with Colonel
Love, since you got here, as to the points 30U expected to
prove ?
Answer. Only at the lime I have stated I wanted to
recollcct and state the thing as well as 1 could. That was
mv reason lot inquiring and ivfieshmg my memory.
Question, (by Judge Watrous.) You spoke of having
talked with i e on thi* subject ?«incethe clove of your testi-
xnonv: did I appioach you on the subject, or you me?
Answer. I asked you ; ami I think I said 
[Q.ue,-tion excluded.]—Page 690.
Testimony of J. A. H. Cleveland, in relation to the nature
of the interest disclosed hy Judge Watrous in the Lapslcy
- suits.
On examination, April
« Question. What was said m open court by the judge?
** Jinswer. The judge refused to make any order, as I tell
you. He told him he would not. I recollect his e^res-
fjion very distinctly. It was rather a homefy one. It was,
that he would not touch it with a forty-foot pole.
Question. He used that expression? -
" Answer. Yes, sir, he did.
" Question. Did he say why he would not touch it with
a forty-foot pole? - ...
" Answer. He bad disclosed his interest. . '
" Question. Did he say at that time what interesthe bad?
Answer. I cannot distinctly state that. The reeord will
show.
" Question. Do you recollect what the Judge said in rela-
tion to his interest, if he had any; or in relation to his dis-
qualification to try the cases, or to make an order in them?
j 44 Answer. My belief is, that he stated it was on account
! of his relationship by blood or marriage.
" Question. But did you get the idea then, from what the
judge said, that he was the owner of the land, and directly
interested in the subject-matter of the s-uits ?
J£ Answer. I cannot say positively about that. I not
think T did.
" Question. Did you ever get that idea until after thoeasea
were transferred to Austin ?
" Answer. No, sii; 1 do^not think I did.
" Question. You did not know the fact, If fhet it he?
" Answer. No, sir.
« Question. And you thought it was a disqualification re-
suiting from his connection with the parties?
4< Answer. 1 judged so from the ojtry on the record.
" Question. S did not a*k your judgment ftom the record.
I ask yon to speak from what Judge Watrous said in open
court ?
" Answer. I have told you as nearly as I can recollect."
(See p. 181 ; also, pp. J74, 177, 380.)
In cross-examination, May 1.
" Witness—I desire to make some explanation of my
testimony ou Thursday. In regard to the judge disclosing
' his interest at the A pi il term of 1851,1 recollect that he
j stated that he was pan owner of the. lauds.
| u Question, (by Mr. Clark.) Is that all the eorrectioa-:"
j you wish to make? f
" Answer. That is all, except as to the length of April and
i May term. I said fifty-six days; it was probably seventy
j days;.
; " Question. When did this new recollection come to
you?
j " Answer. On returning to my room and thinking over
i it. When I was called here, T did not know on what point
, I was going to be examined.
j " Question. Do you not recollect how 1 questioned you
| vciy particularly on that point?
! " Answer. Yes; but you questioned me very fast,
j "Question. When did this thing return to your recollec-
i tion ?
| " Answer. On the very day I was examined bore. 1
■ went to my loom, and I began to think and study it over,
j " Question. You recollect that I put the quesiion half a
! dozen times, with a view to refresh your memory ?
! " Answer. I recollect you did,
| " Question. Did you have any conversation with Judge
Watrous on that point ?
Answer. I did have a conversation with Judge Wat-
rous. for the pui pose of refreshing my memory.
C£ Question. And he did refresh it?
<• Answer. He did, sir ; but Judge Watrous could not get
me to state a falsehood.
£; Question. But your recollection of that incident is aid-
ed by your conversation with Judge Watrous ?
" Answer. I talked with Judge Watrous and Colonel
i Love about it.
j " Question. When did you have that conversation about
| it?
! lC Ansver. The evening of the day I was examined.
"Question. Can you give the language thf judge used
when he stated his pecuniary interest in the suits ?
" Answer. He stated that they need not proceed any
further; that he could not try any of the Lapsley cases; that
he had an interest in them—an interest by marr^e ; and
that he was part owner of the lands. That was tPoout the
language ho used, as well as I recollect.
'• Question. Then he said he was pait owner of the lands?
" Answer. Yes; he had a personal interest m the lands,
or m the suit.
" Question. Or in the subject-matter?
" Ansiuer. Yes; that was his expression, I think.
" Question. And are you certain, now, that til# disquali-
fying relations that he spoke of was not one of blood or
mamage?
Answer. I think he stated fcoth—that he had an interest
both wa\ ?
Question. Was it true that he had an interest, by blood
or mamage, disqualifying him ?
'* Answer. I do not know whether it waa true or not.**—
Page 190.}
| Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE._ I do not pro-
! pose, Mr. Speaker, at this late period of the dis-
| cushion, to enter into an examination of the merits
! of this case; but, upon a question of this magni-
| tude and responsibility, it soems to me that we
j should have some definite idea of the legal posi-
! tion which we occupy under the Constitution;
1 that we should understand by what legal rule it
j is that we are to be governed In the votes which
I we are called upon to give upon this important
! question of impeachment.
It has been contended, in the course of this de-
j bate, that we occupy the position of a grand jury
! merely; that our office was that of accusation
i only. Indeed, it has been said that a* stair* rests
upon the reputation of this Federal magistrate;
and that it was our duty to put him upon trial,
in order to afford him the opportunity of estab-
