1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
then a hostile attitude towards Texas, have sued for peace
and expressed a wish to be permitted to come to Bexar to
celebrate a treaty of friendship, winch, on the pan of tins
Government, has been complied with.
"The arrangements made at your legular session for the
additional companies of rangers to be mastered into service
have been carried into full effect, and have afforded ade-
quate and very efficient protection to our frontiers.
"The receipts into the tiea-sury have been sufficient to'
meet the various expenditures of the Government. A specie
currency has been maintained without difficulty, and nearly
ail the exchequer bills which were in circulation at the
period of your late adjournment have been redeemed and
withdrawn from riiculation, and the Executive is happy to
congratulate the Congress and the country upon the state
of peace and happiness and prosperity never before expe-
rienced by Texas, and rarely, if ever, equaled by so young
a nation."
England and France were then doing in Texas
what they are now doing in Mexico. They be-
sought Texas not to annex herself to the United
States; the most brilliant prospects were opened
to her if she would not. The English Minister,
Mr. Elliot, went to Mexico, and brought back
written articles—called, the other day, by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] a treaty—
signed by the authorized officers of the-Govern-
ment of Mexico, providing that, if Texas was not
annexed to the United States, her independence
should be recognized by Mexico. England prof-
fered to us at that time, a commercial relation of
such a nature as would have made us the depot
of the whole continent of America for the ex-
change of commodities. We should have bethi
the free port for the comraorce of the Republics
of North and South America. But we ivjecies
all these advantages, and came into the Union
under the solemn promise made to us by Mr.
Donelson, the United States Minister, that if we
would disregard these considerations, the " con-
tingencies of annexation," the magnanimity, the
power, and resources of the Government of the
United States would care for us, and do what the
joint resolution of annexation had not provided
for. Your harbors shall be improved; your for-
tifications shall be erected. All these things shall
be done in consideration of your giving up your
customs,&c.,&c. We relinquished ourcustoms
to you; we relinquished our fortifications; we re-
linquished every kind of public property icquired
of us. Now, our people are being killed and their
property taken upon the frontier, and still we have
no protection. We feel that we are neglected.
We have an empire of territory soon to be lull
of people; and if we do not have protection, their
allegi'dnce ceases. Allegiance and protection are
reciprocal We are a free people. We know our
rights; and if it be necessary, we will assert them
without the Union as we defend them within it.
While we are of the Union, we will regard the
Union; but never, if you continue to exclude us
from all protection of the Government, will we,
or can we love it.
[Mere the hammer fell ]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. J. oppose the
amendment. I hope that we will have less dis-
cussion and more voting.
Mr. KILGORE. I would like to know from
the gentleman from Texas where he will go when
he leaves the Union ?
Mr. BRYAN. Where we once stood—under
the lone star; and when we go we will take with
us the whole of the Gulf States, if not the whole
South.
Mr. KILGORE. Then you will of course re-
turn the #10,000,000 we have given you.
Mr. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to
reduce the appropriation ten dollars. I am op-
posed to the amendment. 1 have heard before
much of this same demand foraid to protect Texas
against the Indians thai we have listened to this
day. I am satisfied this Indian business is all
wrong. A proud, powerful, soveietgn State like
Texas coming here and asking Congress, nay,
demanding of us to send regiment after regiment
to protect it against a few ragged, straggling bor-
der Indians; and now ask the appropriation in ad-
vance. Send regiments of troops to protect Texas
against the Indians ? What an idea ! Why, Mr.
Chairman, if the Texans were half as brave there
as here, there would not be a Camanche found
within five days' run of the frontier of that State.
Sir, it is not Texas alone that I have in view; I
am opposed to the whole thing, m or out of Texas.
I am satisfied that this having on hand a dozen
Indian wars at once is all unnecessary and radi-
cally wrong. Wherever we hear of a small tribe
of one hundred Indians there is a war; then, in
another place, where there are five hundred In-
dians, there is a war; and whenever a little nest of
Indians,.can be found, there is a war.
It is all wrong; there is no need of any war at
all. The blame is wholly on our side. There is
no people on the face of the earth so easy to keep
peace with as the Indians. Treat them fairly and
honestly, and you have their confidence at once,
and they are the most faithful friends in the world.
How did Mr. Penn.keep their friendship so sure
and long? Why, sir, his old, honest-looking
Quaker-hat was a sure protection against the
fiercestandmost savage tribes he had to deal with.
They knew he was honest and fair in all his deal-
ings with them, and that was all that was neces-
sary. Cheat them, wrong them, and deceive them,
and they are quick to discern your character, and
they lose their respect and friendship for you, as
they should do. How is it with Canada? She has
more than fifty wild warlike tribes to deal with,
and never has a quarrel with them at all. They
treat them fairly and truthfully, and they are all
firm friends to the Canadas. I do not profess to
know as much about Indian character as those
who profesw to know more than I do; but I know
enough about it to know that fair and honest
treatmental ways wins theirconfidenceand secures
their friendship. Send three good men—and there
are yet some few men that have their confidence;
send them such men, (it is useless to send^border
ruffians,) with full power to treat, and Cliey will
put an end to all yourexpensive, foolish,and cruel
Indian wars in ninety days, and at less expense
than it now costs in a single month. Then with^
draw all your troops and keep them away, unless
you wantalew of them there toprotectthe Indians,
and you will have peace so long as you can keep
your own people straight. Why, sir, what did the
commanding general on the Pacific station, Gen-
eral Wool, the old war-dog, General Wool, a
fighting man—whose business is to fight by the
month, and who is always ready to fight when he
can do it honorably—what does he say? What did
he toll you officially, here in this House ? Sir, he j
told you that it cost him more (rouble and money 1
to protect the Indians against the whites, than to
piotect the whites against the Indians; and I re-
member, too, the hostile whites tried hard to got
the brave old warrior removed from his command;
for the best of reasons. He was in their way. 1
recollect two or thiee years ago, they sent here
to us lor a great sum ol money for powder. We
voted them $300,001), I think. (I did not do it;
not I.) 1 knew then the powder was not needed.
Theie was no requisition fiotn the commanding
general. I knew then u would be used to shoot In-
dians and papooses and raccoons indiscriminately.
[Eierc the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to oppose
the gentleman's amendment. Let us have a vote
on the proposition.
Mr. URANGKR, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Bryan's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation of $105,000 to $91,000.
Mr. Chairman, by referring to the report of
the surgeon general, it will be perceived that he
estimates $105,000 as the necessary expenditure
for the next fiscal year. He exhibits a balance of
appropriation which will be unexpended on the
3Uih of June, 1&59, of $14,000. The Committee
of Military Allairs propose todeduct that balance,
which will lemym in his hands on the 1st of
July next, from the appropriation of $105,000, so
a'fe to make it §91,000. I know that there is ap-
pended to this repoit of the surgeon general a
note, that the appiopnation for the current fiscal
year is $15,000 less than the expenditure on the
year ending June 30, 1858. This may produce
the impresyion, on the part of the House, that,
notwithstanding the fact stated thereof this un-
expended balance on the 30th of June, 1859, of
$14,000, still that bureau will require the full
amount of $105,000 during the next fiscal year.
I do not, myself, understand the surgeon general
in that way.
An examination into the matter, satisfied our
committee of this state of things. In 1857, there
was a fund of $75,000 placed under the control
of the surgeon general s bureau. Twenty-five
thousand dollars of it was a new appropriation,
andj£50,000 a reappropriation of an unexpended
balance remaining in the medical fund from the
Mexican war; so that, after deducting the sums
referred to i-n the note of the surgeon general,
there will remain in that department, over and
above what is estimated for, at least $15,000, in-
dependently of the $14,000, which he says will
remain as a balance to the credit of the next fiscal
year. In view of that state of facts, and with the
highest confidence in that bureau, and solely be-
cause the general pri nciple which we have adopted,
that it is not expedient to leave under the control
of the department more money than is needed to
discharge its .proper duties, the Committee on
Military Affairs have decided to recommend this
reduction from the bill reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Virginia had read the entire note at the end
of the estimate, I would have said nothing in op-
position to the amendment submitted by him.
This appropriation is to provide for the sick of
the Army, and to procure medical stores for them.
Certainly there is no member of the committee
who would desire, in consequence of the diminu-
tion in the appropriation, to subject the men of
the Army to any inconvenicncc because of the
inability of the Government to furnish, under ex-
isting appropriations, those things that are neces-
sary for them in sickness. The surgeon general
estimates for $160,000 for the ensuing year, and
also estimates that there will be a balance on
hand, at the end of this fiscal year of $14,000.
He says:
"The appropnation for the current fiscal year ending June
30,1859, is $ 15,000 less than the expenditures during the year
ending June 30,1858, and it is believed u ill piove nearly, if
not quite $30,000 less than the total amount of expenses in-
clined dining that year. Assuming that tor the year ending
June 30, 1859, the expenses will be the same as they were
la-t.vear, the whole ol that appiopnation, as well as the
greaier part of the balance remaining ?o the credit of the
medical and hospital department on the 30th June, 1858, will
be icquired duung the current year."
Thus the surgeon general tells you that if the
expenses of the medical department of the Army
should be as much next year, as they have been
last year, they will exhaust all, or nearly all, the
balance of the existing appropriations on hand, and
require an additional appropriation of $105,000.
The question being on Mr. Faulkner's amend-
ment,
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to amend by re-
ducing it a dollar.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
cannot amend his own amendment. He can mod-
ify it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes it is
not in order.
Mi FAULKNER. I. merely desire to make
a brief explanation.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reduce it one dol-
lar. The gentleman from Virginia may speak in
opposition to that.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire simply to say,
that there is scarcely any expenditure connected
wuh the Army that I would feel so much reluct-
ance to interfere with as this, and I only do so
from a strong sense of public duty. The Com-
mittee on Military AlTairs considers it inexpedient
to leave in the hands of any bureau money which
is not required for the necessities of the service.
The gentleman from Missouri has read to the
committee the report of the surgeon general, but
he forgets to take into consideration the $75,000
appropriation in 1857. Take the $30,000 from
that referred to by the surgeon general,and it will
leave $45,000. Take $30,000 again from that fund
for the next fiscal year, as anticipated by the sur-
geon general, and it will still leave $15,000 to the
credit of the special appropriation made m 1857,
and, indeed, would leave $15,000 which might be
deducted, m addition to the $14,000. But I will
not interfere with that, because of some recent
unexpected demands on that bureau.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia whether the surgeon general
has not stated that, if the expenditures for the
next fiscal year should be equal to those of the
last fiscal year, they will absorb all, or nearly all,
the balance of the appropriation on hand?
Mr. FAULKNER. He says it will absorb
all, or nearly all. But I made a somewhat care-
ful examination, and I find it will leave $15,000
still remaining of that special fund.
The question was taken on Mr, Stanton's
