1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
this is not imperative to its full extent upon the
Senate. Political disability does not necessarily
follow upon conviction, since the Senate may do
no more than remove from office. Impeachment,
sir, is no engine of oppression here. There is no
danger of its abuse. Indeed the difficulties which
attend upon its successful prosecution render it
of little value even as a restraint. Tyranny is
always simple in its appliances, and will never
resort to such cumbrous machinery as impeach-
ment.
What, I inquire next, are the offenses for which
impeachment lies under our Constitution? Gen-
tlemen have argued as though some great crime
must be charged, in order to justify it. Not so;
treason, bribery, and high crimes, are indeed
enumerated; but that is not all. Misdemeanors,
also,'are included. Whoso shall misdemean him-
self in any civil office, shall be liable to impeach-
ment. And this is especially so in the case of the
judges of our Federal courts. They hold office
"during good behavior." Misdemeanor is mis-
behavior. It is so in lexicography, and it is so
inlaw. I read from Blackstone:
" In common usage, the word 4 crime' is made to denote
such offenses as arc of a deepci and more atrocious dye ;
while smaUer/au^f? and omissions of les?- cori-equence, arS
comprised under the gentler name of" misdemeanor' only."
What, then, is judicial misbehavior or misde-
meanor? That, sir, depends wholly upon the
standard which you shall fix for judicial character
and conduct. Mine, I confess, is the highest. I
would have both as pure as the " fann'd snow,
that's bolted by the northern blasts, twice o'er,"
and as spotless as the ermine which was once the
emblem of judicial purity. The integrity of the
judge ought to be abflve suspicion in his great
office. I would hav« him the sanetissimus judex
of the Romans; for to the litigant in his court he
stands in the place of God. Save impeachment,
he is subject to no responsibility except an en-
lightened conscience and 3 religious sense of duty.
Theoretically, indeed, the judiciary is in every
country, to a great extent, of necessity an ar-
bitrary power. Even when.hedged in by law,
there yet remains the vast field of "judicial dis-
cretion;" and beyond all that lies the boundless
ocean of the " interpretation of laws"—the great
business of the judge. Sir, there are ten thou-
sand ways in which a corrupt, a weak, or a pre-
judiced judge—a judge hostile or friendly to the
litigant, or what is more common, to the lawyer,
may pervert justice, pollute its pure fountains,
and do foal wrong in the cause; and yet none but
he who nas suffered know it. These are the
false weights which it is so easy, unperceived, to
throw into the scales of justice. Add now, to all
this, that thejudicial power, like the invisible and
impalpable air which surrounds us, penetrates
everywhere and affects every relation of life; that
it extends even to life itself, to liberty, to property
in all its infinite complications; to marriage, di- j
vorcc, parentage, master and servant, and finally j
pursues us even after death in the distribution of !
estates; nay, that the very monuments of the
dead, the dull, cold marble in which they sleep,
are the subjects of its destroying or protecting
hand.
There is no department of the Government,
therefore, which is so liable to abuse as the judi-
ciary; but, to the honor of America and of human
nature be it said, there is none where so little
abuse prevails. In seventy years this is the first
exampleof the impeachment of a judge demanded
because of alleged corruption in office for private
gain. Arbitrary and dissolute judges have indeed
been impeached, though in but two or three in-
stances during that long period; yet none for cor-
ruption. But if infrequent, it is nevertheless the
most atrocious, and in its consequences to the ju-
diciaryand to the public the mostdangerous crime
which a judge can commit; for " there is no hap-
piness, there is no liberty, theie is no enjoyment
of life, unless a man can say, when he rises in the
morning, I shall be subject to the decision of no
unjust judge to-day."
What, I inquire next, is the province, of the
House of Representatives here? The Constitu-
tion defines it? You have the sole power of im-
peachment. What is it to impeach3 Certainly
not to try; that is the sole right of the Senate.
To impeach is^imply to accuse. We do not try?
we have no right to try, the question of the guilt
or the innocence of the accused. I have not in this
case made up my mind definitely upon that point,
because I am not willing to usurp the province
nor anticipate the judgment of the Senate.
We are not judges; we are not grand jurors;
we do not act under special oath; we are not here
exercising judicial power; we are acting in our
representative capacity. Our province is to ac-
cuse—to prosecute; and when your committee
shall appear at the bar of the Senate, they will
impeacn or accuse in the name of the House of
Representatives. In that high court of impeach-
ment also we sit during the trial as accusers. We
are bound, therefore, by no mere technical rules
of law and evidence; we are under no obligation
other than that highestof ail obligations—a sense
of duty alike to the people and to the accused. Into
our hands the Constitution has committed the
guardianship—and in the case of offices held for
, life the sole guardianship—of the rights of the
; many who do not hold office against the few who
1 do. Certainly, sir, no man ought to be lightly ac-
cused of even official misconduct or abuse of pub-
; lie trust. But where there is no other restraint or
! redress; where the office is judicial and for life;
1 where the trust is so delicate and momentous in
, its nature, and so open to abuse; wheie public
opinion usually is silent, and even the press cares
not to speak out; this House ought, in myjudg-
ment, to be, if not swift, certainly not slow to
listen to the complaints of those who invoke its
process to summon the accused into court. All
, other courts stand open, night and day, and it is
; the high constitutional right of every citizen to
demand their process as of course. But between
this high court of impeachment, which alone under
our Constitution holds the power of redress of
official wrong and oppression, stands the House
of Representatives. Am I not right, then, in say-
ing that we ought not too hastity to deny the only
process by which such oppression and wrong
may be redressed ? If, indeed, the case be palpa-
bly frivolous, or the prosecution plainly malicious,
it is our duty promptly, if not indignantly, to re-
fuse. Can any one, will any one, say that this is
such a case ?
But it has been said that there is too much
doubt and perplexity in this case, and that, there-
foie, there ought to be no impeachment. Not so.
We have no power to try and acquit; and these
very perplexities and doubts, if, indeed, any suclf
there are, especially after the accused has been j
heard fully in his defense, are, of themselves, ;
enough to justify this House in sending the case
to the Senate for adjudication. What! shall we
deny to Judge Watrous's accusers the only pro-
cess by which he can be brought into court and
put upon trial ?
Let 31 be remembered that the charge is cor-
ruption, and the accused a judge. Sir, I, too,am :
for the independence of the judiciary; but I am for !
its purity first. Howsoever I might vote upon
the question of the life tenure and mode of ap-
pointment of the judiciary, in a convention as-
sembled to frame anew a constitution for the.Uni-
ted States, I am opposed to any change of that
instrument in these respects now. But I will be
the more exact, fifty-fold, in enforcing the only
other restraint and remedy which the Constitu-
tion has devised. Corruption, moneyed corrup-
tion—and we have heard it from high authority
—is steadily, though with noiseless but most
guilty tread, stealing into other departments of
our Government. Legislation here, it is said, has
been controlled by it; and th« House has not j
been slow to appoint committees of investigation
founded upon but rumor alone. Sir, some years
hence—I dare not say centuries—seats m this
House may perhaps be openly bought and sold.
They have long been merchandise in the House
of Commons. But in England the judiciary is
pure and incorrupt, and England still survives.
For one, Mr. Speaker, wheresoever else in this
Government corruption may come, or how far
soeverclsewhere it may be carried, I demand that
there shall be preserved one citadel at least within
which public virtue may retire and stand in-
trenched.
I These, then, in my judgment, are the principles,
; and these the considerations, upon which the
i House ought to proceed arul be governed m or-
1 dertng an impeachment; ana applying them now
] to the testimony reported by the committee, for
my single self I am obliged to vote for this im-
peachment.*
Mr. BRYAN obtained the floor. - ,
OLD SOLDIERS* BILL.
Mr.SAVAGE. I desire to ask the Speaker if it
is in order to now move to go into theCommittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
whether, if the House fail to go into committee
tci-day, the old soldiers' pension bill will lose its
place as a.special order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
go into committee now. The Chair will reply to
the other interrogatory of the gentleman, thattl\e
bill to which he refers, according to the recollection
of the Chair, was made the specia^order in com-
mittee from day to day until disposed of. There
is, however, another special oraer which takes
precedence.
THE WATROUS CASE AGAIN.
Mr. BRYAN. _ Mr. Speaker, the Legislature
| of my State, during the last winter, passed the
! following resolutions:
j " Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State of Texas,
i That whereas divers charges have been made against John
C. Watrous, district judge of the United States for the
eastern district of Texas, before the House of Representa-
tives of the United Slate*, with<a view tohis impeachment;
and a committee of said House has reported the following
resolution :i Resolved, That John C.Watrous, United States
judge for the district of Texas, be impeached of high crimes
and misdemeanors and it is required for the honor of the
State of Texas, and is due to the accused, that all of said*
charges be piomptly and Iully investigated, and finally acted
upon; that, without intending to express any opinion as to
the jiiiilt or innocence of Judge J. C. Watrou«, the Repre-
sentatives in Congress fiom this State are hereby requested
to take such steps as may he necessary to cause a full in-
vestigation to be made by the House of Representatives of
the United States, during the present session, of all the
charges that have been made against said John C. Watrous,
and to u^e their best exertions to cause definite action to be
taken thereon.
i% Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, That the Governor in
hereby requested to forward to each of the Senators and
Representative* in Congress from this State, and also to
said John C. YVatroim, a certified copy of this joint resolu-
tion."
The Legislature expressed no opinion as to the
guilt or innocence of Judge Watrous, but re-
quested their Representatives in Congress to see
that a full investigation should be made of the
charges preferred. I was disposed, Mr. Speaker,
to have left the direction of this question to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and the decision of
it to the House, believing that Texas would be
satisfied with the final action of this House upon
the question. But, sir, in consequence of the lan-
guage of my colleague in a speech he delivered a
few days since, it becomes important that I should
speak before this question is disposed of, for that
speech goes back to my constituents as well as to
his. He says:
" J have gone thus far with this power of attorney; but
here, what shall I do? I am notified by my colleague that
he, 01 some one else, has a statement over the signature of
General Stephen F. Austin* which may he produced too
late for examination, and which states that this disputed
povvei of attorney is genuine. On yesterday X asked to have
it laid befoie the House for examination, as anything com-
ing fiom his great name, and, especially, ifvouched for by
his kinsman, and the Representative of the very aggrieved
and wronged people who now appeal to this House to put
1 this judge on his ttial before the Senate, must have great
: weight. Is his name to be vouched here to shield this man
j from the arm of justice ? If so, let us see the paper; let ub
i see what General Austin says ; let us see whether he saw
i the insuumunt executed, or on the records, or whether he
distinguishes between the power to take possession and the
{lower to Let us know his means of information and
what he does say. I have no doubt my colleague states
fairly his understanding of this paper; but he will see the
dancer to the cause ot justice ot withholding that paper, if
it is one which should be presented."
The notice which he speaks of is reported thus
j after my statement in reply to the declaration of
j the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chap-
j "*Note. There Is much force in the remark, that an im-
i peaclmicnt is a proceeding purely of a political nature. It
i is not so much designed to punish gn offender, as to secure
i the State against gross official misdemeanors."—i Stoiy
j 011 the Constitution, § 803.
! " it [impeachment] is designed as a method of national
j inquest into the conduct of public men [f such is the de-
sign, who can so properly be the inquifcitois for the nation
; as the representatives of the people themselves? They
' must be presumed to be watchful of the interests, alive to
j the sympathies-and ready to redress the grievances of the
i people. Tf ir is made theii duty to bring official delinquents
j toiu-tice, they can scarcely fail of performing it without
j public denunciation and political desertion on the part of
1 their constituents.1'—Ibid, § 689.
