1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
signature of the commissioner was incomplete and |
a nullity, and that Menard had no title. (Texas I
Reports, p. 10.) !
The original title trom the commissioner, which s
remained in the office, was unsigned by the com- I
missioner, but the letihnonio contained his signa- j
ture, and the question was whether it was a good j
title. The court held the title tobegood. They ;
use this language: j
ie The testimonio is, to the party interested, to be consid- j
ered as a muniment of his title, occupying the came grade j
and as conclusive of his right to the land described in it as I
a deed of conveyance m the usual form at coinmou law, I
where the common law is the rule of action." j
Here, sir, we have these authorities in favor of j
the leslimmio, and, as a matter of course, there '
could be no imputation of forgery where the testi-
monio bore the stamp of genuineness, as this did.
Now, sir, it is contended by my colleague that !
the teslimordo is not good, for the reason thatGon- '
zales, the officer who was brought to New Or- j
leans as a witness, and before whom the recogni- ]
tion was made, was blind, while at the conclusion j
of his argument he presents an affidavit which !
purports to have been taken before an officer at |
Saltillo, in which Gonzales says that the original i
power of attorney, which was signed by one of
the Aguirres only, was the instrument to which ,
he intended to refer. Now, if he could see in the ,
one instance, he co^ld see in the other, and if his ;
testimony is good in the last case it must be good
in the first. This blind man, it seems, has come !
to his vision; and he is made a witness in the one 1
case, when he is not credited in the other. I
have spoken, sir, of the testimonio because it is ;
regarded by some as a forgery, and I say that if ;
it be a forgery, u does not necessarily place con- •'
demnation upon Judge Watrous. !
I will now, Mr. Speaker, advert very briefly to !
the condition of our landed system m Texas. I j
hold in my hand the remarks of my colleague, in ,
which he says: i
(i But go with me to the vast rich plain®, the beautiful
prames of Texas, and see there the faithful, honest woi k- .
mgineu of that State, who obey the mandate of our Gieat |
Creator, by edtui? their bread by the sweat of their face." '
See. them ->elect i-oine favorite spot on the frontier, locate j
their certificate on it. have it surveyed, and in many in- j
stances obtain the patent of the Government, settle cn it, ,
build their hnu^e.-, cleat and tence their farms, surround }
themselves w ith oiohards and <;fock, and leaimg families of j
hardy, athletic chibhen; see them-so remain, as 1 have 1
seen them tor twenty years, attached to thoe homes ami ;
settled, d  they supposed, fur lite; and then turn to such ;* j
man as Robert Hughes, or William G. Hale, or Thomas M. ;
League, oi Dr. Hewitso:i, or Francis J. P.irkei, or John j
Treanoi, or John C. Watrous, who are piominont m the
tiansacnons now under consideration, and a gieat number 1
of the same kind who are now engaged iu Texas in hunting >
up or fabricating old grants, and in endeavonng to moid the ,
legislation and judicial decisions of the State. as to i-us- ;
tain them; no matter if they rest on peijury and forgery;
uo matter if thev weie issued upon condition that they j
should he settled and cultivated, and neither has been done; .
no matter if (lie payment of the purchase money was a eon- j
dition precedent to the investiture of the fee, and that has f
never been paid; no matter if there were conditions an- >
nexed to the grant which could not possibly, under the laws j
in force befoie the change of Government, have been com-
pliQd with for want ot tune before that change took place, ]
and were followed by constitutional provisions refusing to ,
allow the carrving into grant ot' such inchoate titles, when ;
above the size" of one league and labor, which is four thou- j
sand six hundred and seven acres : no matter it they were ,
the Mason elpven-leaguegrants, which weie fraudulent and ^
void under the laws of Mexico and Coabuiia find Texas, j
and weie subsequently so declared by the constitution ot
the Republic, ami also by the constitution ot the State oi :
Texa-?; no mattei for all those thing-, and others like
these see such a man. with his legal leariunc, or his no-
torious chfiacter as a shrewd manager of such things, or his i
gicat wealth, which terriuos others liom litigating w ith hnn,
or his liigh legal, or political, or judicial poMtum. which j
alaims an humble bur honest litigant; binding his old title '
to IsirtH.di-coverms.' us locality, finding that it i- not barred |
by the statute of limitations because it belongs eirhei to a ,
inanied woman or infaut^ieirs, and with such a claim, un- ,
dci such circumstances, bi caking up whole settlements of >
the fu>l cla^ ot citizen1-1 have desciibed, and turning them \
out ot hou>e and home, as poor old Spenccr has been served, '
under what I expect to show t«- a title resting on a most ,
glaring and outrageous forgery." s
I recognize in the foregoing the same spirit that j
I have battled against m the Legislature of my ;
State. > . ;
When Spencer went upon this land he knew it ;
was covered by this eleven-league grant. "Hewas '
told," he says, " by the surveyor, that an eleven-
league grant had been put upon it, but that, it was ,
of no account and would not injure Ins title.It 1
was recognized, then, in the mapsof the public ,
lands, as he tells you, and it has since been re&z 1
ognized bywe maps of the land office of thafi j
Si^le Xie went on to the lands, therefore, with ,
87
the knowledge that there must be litigation upon
it before his title could be made ago^i one. There-
fore, as he took the risks, he must abide the con-
sequences
in the early settlement of Texas, the grants
came direcHy from Spain and from Mexico. They
were eleven-league grants, or grants for a larger or
smaller number of leagues. The colonial grants
from Mexico are for a league and labor, and frac-
tions of a league. Difficulties, ho wever, arose from
the different sizes of the grants, after the settle-
mentscame to be made by the Anglo-Americans.
The original colonists received their league and la-
bor, but the extent of land granted in Austin's first
colony, to others, was augmented in proportion to
their ability to be useful. In some instances the
amount was augmented to five, six, or ten leagues;
but some of those who came to the State after the
battle had been fought and the victory won, took
ground against these large grants. Locations were
were made upon lands covered by these grants;
and in this way a strong feeling of antagonism
arose in one section against another. A strong
spirit of legislative hostility grew up in the Le-
gislature between those who held that the original
grants from Mexico should be recognized and
those who refused to recognize them. During the
nine years in which I was a member of the Le-
gislature, I resisted this spirit of hostility, which
was then very strong against the original grantees j
of the soil. Judge Watrous, before and after he !
was on the bench, favored the old grants. j
The Hancock and McKinney case, which has !
been alluded to, was a case of this description.
McKinney was one of the settlers on the land, 1
holding under the old grants. Hancock located
upon the lands covered by McKinney's grant. ■
Hancock, in 1849, instituted a suit against Mc- .
Kinney. In 1850 the contract was entered into !
between League and Watious. It was generally :
supposed that the Hancock and McKinney case j
would dispose of all these contested grants; and 1
it may be that Judge Watrous, in entering into J
this contract, supposed that the decision of this -|
case, by the supreme court of Texas, would settle ; j
the principles involved in tj^e eleven-league grants !
generally; and that there would, therefore, be no ,
litigation in the Vega case. The impression may i
have been produced upon his mind, as League !
says, that the decision of the Hancock and Mc- I
Kinney case, by the supreme court, would settle |
finally all points which were involved in reference ,
to the title to this elevcn-lcagu«yiract. It was gen- 1
erallysupposed,in andoutof tko Legislature, that j
this "decision of the supreme court would give a i
quietus to the war that had been carried on. The 1
supreme court decided that the locator could not ■
intervene between the original grantee and the ;
State. The locator maintained, under the clause !j
of forfeiture in the constitution of the State of
Texas, as well as in the constitution of the Re- 1
public of Texas, that the lands, where the con- !
dition of the grant had not been complied with, i
reverted back to the public domain;and that those .
who held a certificate of the State entitling them, ,
by the language of the certificate, to locate upon j
any of the unappropriated lands, were entitled to
place them upon these lands. The supreme court, ;
however, decided that, until the Legislature of 1
the State passed an act pointing out the particular '
mode by which this forfeiture was to be reached, ;
the locator had no right to assume that the land !
was vacant. The decision of the supreme court :
therefore decided but a part of the controversies i
arising under these Mexican grants; hut Judge '
Watrous had the right to suppose, as well as
myself and others, that the decision of the su- 1
preme court would cover the whole case, and that
this decision would cover and settle all the pnn-
ciples in reference to these grants that would be
brought into his court. ;
But, sir, there is a doubt in my mind as to the ,
character of the understanding b'etween him arid ,
League in regard to this transaction; and as there
is such a doubt, and inasmuch as the Legislature 1
of Texas has requested their Representatives to
use all proper means to bring this controversy to .
a decision, to pursue such a course as would lead :
to final action upon the question, I am willing to
give my State the benefit of the doubt, and to vote
to send this case to the Senate. A fair statement .
of the facts of the case, however, which I have
made, was required at my hands; justice required ;
it. Whatever may be the decision of this House-, :
you cannot entirely wipe the stain which hag
been east upon his integrityjw these charges.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor. *
Mr. REAGAN. I desire the opportunity to
present a few facts to the House, in connection
with the statement which has just been made by
my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Telscas
having once occupied the floor upon fehis ques-
tion, the gentleman from Ohio is entitled to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to the gentleman
from Texas for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. REAGAN. These'charges have been
made, Mr. Speaker, against this man before the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, and investigated; and
yet this title was never brought forward before.
These charges were brought forward before the
last Congress, in reference to this fraudulent title,
yet nothing was said of any evidence of there be-
ing a title to this land in Stephen F. Austin. The
trial proceeded, the evidence of witnesses under
oath was taken, and public documents produced;
the report of the committee was made up; and yet
S we never heard of this evidence until four days
ago, when my colleague promised to produce tne
facts which he has disclosed to-day. I saw th,e im-
portance of the facts at the time, and appealed to
him to reveal them. I have renewed that appeal
since, whenever he has made allusion to them.
He declined to do it then, and has waited until
to-day, until the very hour when,by arrangement,
the previous question was to be moved, when he
comes forward and gives us his facts.
Mr. BRYAN. I will state to my colleague that
I understand this debate is not to be closed to-day.
Mr. REAGAN. Very well; I have no doubt
my colleague has stated, and truly stated, what he
found in the papers to which he referred; but I
promise this House to show that this La Vega
title, so far as it relates to one of the Aguirres and
La Vega, and the two assisting witnesses, was a
base and infamous forgery, i stand here now
and repeat the evidence in that part of my printed
spcech which was not delivered for want of time,
but printed by the consent of the House; and
then I will show that these statements of my col-
league do not conflict with that evidence, and, if
true, do not conflict with anything I have stated.
Thiswas intended as trump card, which I ampre-
parcd to break the force of by the most conclu-
sive evidence, and to show what it was intro-
duced for, and that it has nothing to do with the
question of the guilt or innocence of Judge Wat-
rous.
The first effort to introduce the name of Gen-
eral Austin to shield Judge Watrous was in the
report of that part of the committee which report-
ed against the impeachment of Judge Watrous.
This effort I defeated on yesterday by showing
that it was only an inference by the-commit-
tee, and not a fact deducible from the testimony.
The next effort to introduce the name and fame
of General Austinin support of thisforged power
of sale was by my colleague on last Thursday.
I know it was not introduced by him for such a
purpose, but that would have been the effect of
allowing his statement on that day to go un-
questioned. On Friday morning I called the at-
tention of the House to it, and requested him to
produce the paper, or a copy of it, which showed
that General Austin had said the power of sale of
the La Vega eleven-league grant was genuine.
He declined to do so. And in my speech on
Saturday I again called attention to it, in the
terms just read at the Clerk's desk. Still the re-
sponse is reserved for the crushing, crowning ef-
fort in the defense of this case.
I have watched this case a long time; and
that part of my speech in which I discussed the
validity of this power of sale, on Saturday, con-
cisely states the evidence upon which I make the
declaration that it is a forgery, and I will now
read it. It is at follows:
" The genuineness of the power of sale from La Vega to
Williams was brought in question in the Lapsley cases. I
shall only have time to look to a portion of the evidence on
this point.
(i After the order was made for the transfer of these cases
from the United States district coutt at Austin to the cir-
cuit court at New Orleans, and on the 23d day of February,
1855. Jaines.Hewitson made oath to the following deposi-
tion :
<v 'The United States of America,
"k District of Texas, to uit:
{(t Be it remembered, that on this 23d day of February, A.
D. 1655,1, Archibald A. Hughes, a commissioner of affidavits
