THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Atf:.-;
. THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.-
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1859.
Sew Series No. 74,.
in the slightest degree, interfere with the effi-
ciency of the public service.
Whilst I regard it my duty to cut off all un-
necessary appropriations, and to retrench all un-
necessary expenditures, 1 have felt that the knife
of reform should be so applied as not to touch
the heart's blood of the country. Let us not, in
our indiscriminate zeal, impair those institutions
which are essential to the national defense. I
hold that the national armories belong to this lat-
ter class. Why, sir, every State in this Union
is interested directly in the results of our national
armories. The arms are made there for distribu-
tion to the Army and the militia of the States and
Territories. It is not a sectional institution; one
armory is located in the North, and the other in
the South. Every State in the Union has a right
to call upon the Federal Government for its sup-
ply of arms. Let me tell the gentlemen that they
are not content to receive the old muskets; but
they demand" of the Secretary of War, as they
have the right to do, the impiovedarm. Already
five thousand of the improved arm have been dis-
tributed to the States; and they are clamorous
for more. Upon the table of the Committee on
MilitSry Affairs we have petition upon petition,
from all parts of the United States, to increase
the arms amongst the militia; and there are ap-
plications that the law shall be so changed as to
authorize the States to purchase this arm from
the Federal Government. The arm now manu-
factured at our national armories is the most per-
fect weapon of war now anywhere m use. There
are none to excel it in the European service. And
how has that great object of perfection been at-
tained? By the subdivision of labor; there being
not less than three hundred and fifty operations
to be performed in the manufacture of a perfect
gun. Each operative acquires peculiar skill by
exclusive attention to a particular branch.
Let gentlemen recollect the events which last
year took place in the northwest. In the month
of May, Colonel Steptoe was defeated by the In-
dian force which had collected there against him,
and prominently amongst the causes was the de-
fective character of the arm. He had a portion
of bis troops armed with the old musketoon. Rut
when, six months after, Colonel Wright met this
same foe at the battle of the Four Lakes and Spo-
kane plain—his command being armed with the
lonf range rifle—peace was promptly conquered
in the course of a few weeks with immense loss
to the enemy and without the loss of a single
soldier killed or wounded, because of the great
- range of our rifle and the inadequacy of their arm
to cope with it.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I would ask thegen-
tleman from Virginia, by whom that weapon was
made—whether it was made at the armory or by
private manufacturers?
£ Mr. FAULKNER. I take it for granted they
were manufactured at the national armories,
where such guns, I believe, are alone made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the building and armament of a fort, to be mane at
some point on tliePanrant liver, to be selected by the Sec-
retary of War, §-2'10,000.
Mr. MORGAN. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have to
decide the amendment out of order.
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Smith of Illinois, and it was rejected.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to increase the appro-
priation $200,000. Mr. Chairman, when I look
around this magnificent Capitol of the United
States, which has cost above six million dollars;
when 1 look around and see the other immense
public buildings of the Federal Government, and
when I call to recollection the fact that the only
point by which the British could have reached this
Capitol in the war of 1812, was by the Patuxent
river, I am impressed with the great necessity of
erectingfortifications todefend that pointofattack.
Look at the Old Wofjd. Look at London Pans
St. Petersburg!!, and all the capitals of the Old
World, ho w they are defended, how they are armed
with forts and fortifications, bristling with guns
and bayonets. But you have not a single gun to
defend this Capitol. I know there is Fort Wash-
ington on the Potomac; but the British came the
back way, [laughter,] up the Patuxent river, and
landed within twenty-five miles of the Capitol,
marched to it, and destroyed it. And they can do
it again, sir, unless you erect fortifications on the
Patuxent. Their small sloops, carrying hundreds
of thousands of soldiers, can run up the river.
They know the depths of the channels. They
know that there is a depth of water there sufficient
to float the navy of any nation on earth. If we
should get into a war on the Cuba question, with
England, orFrance, or Spain, I want to avoid the
danger from this quarter. J hate war, but if it
does come, I say you must protect this Capitol.
Instead of havingforts and'fortifications all down
along the Gulf, you must have them here. I ask j
any member what is there to protect this city from
an attack ? There is nothing; but'you are bound j
to provide defenses for it. I do not know that you ;
can defend it better than by placing a fort at the
precise point where the landing was effected be-
fore.
I therefore desire, Mr. Chairman, that some
movement may be made, by which we can, at
I least, protect the seat of Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Bowie's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I would like to cor-
rect an error into which I think the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs has fallen. I
asked him where the improved arms were man-
ufactured, whether at the national armories or by
private manufacturers, and he replied, as I under-
stood him, at the armories. Now, I understand
from the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Ar-
nold,] that the arms that did such execution at the
battle of the Four Lakes, under Captain Wright's
command, were manufactured at Sharpe's man-
ufactory, at Hartford, Connecticut, and I believe
he will find that all or nearly all the improve-
ments in arms have emanated from individual
mechanics and manufacturers.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move to strike out the whole
clause, as follows:
For tho manufacture of arms at the national armories,
$250,000.
I make the motion for the purpose of present-
in°- a question of order in relation to the para-
graph. Under theJ-ules of the House, an indi-
vidual member could not offer that clause as an
amendment to the bill, because it is not provided
for by existing law. The Chair ruled out an
amendment to-day to provide for the expenses
of the Florida war, which were really incurred
under existing law. But, because the Committee
on Ways and. Means have inserted this in the
bill, I suppose it is to be considered in order. I
waTit to know howit is that I and other members
are restricted from offering amendments of this
sort, when the Committee of Ways and Means
tjhemselves can put them in their bills? Now,
I should like to know from the Committee of
Ways and Means where there is any law au-
thorizing the appropriation of money for the man-
ufacture of arms ? The law does not contemplate
such a thing, and therefore the provision has no
business in this bill. I make the point of order
in good faith, because I want the House to de-
termine what peculiar privileges the Committee
of Ways and Means have over and above indi-
vidual members of this House. I have moved to
I strike out the clause so that we may have a vote
upon it in any event; but I would prefer that the
Chair should decide the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels incom-
petent to decide the question of order as not being
Werable to him, the bill having been referred by
X" House to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. .
Mr SEWARD. I do not complain of the de-
cision of the Chair. I think it is right. But 1
think the House ought to vindicate itself, and
exclude from the bill everything that coaW not be
offered as an amendment to it. r
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The two armpries
are established by law, and this is merely an
appropriation to keep ap those establishments
authorized by law. v
Mr. SEWARD. There are other appropria-
tions in the bill for the repair of machinery at thfe
armories, and it does not follow that we are com-
pelled to keep'up the manufacture of arms because
armories have been established.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, and I pro-
pose to give my reasons briefly. The question
has been asked here, and pertinently asked, by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Smith,]- by
whom were the improvements in the arms intended
to be manufactured in the national armories made ?
whether they were made at the national armories
or by private individuals? Sir, it gives me great
pleasure to assure the gentleman that all those im-
provements have been made by the mechanics and
artisans of the armories of the United States. Sir,
I do not wish to detract one iota from the inven-
tions of Sharpe, and Colt,- or any other man. I
speak of the arms manufactured at the armories
of the United States, and I say that the improve-
ments of those arms have been conceived and ex-
ecuted by the mechanics and artisans of those
institutions, and by nobody else. More than that,
sir, all the machinery in thogc armories has been
invented and put in operation by the mechanics
and artisans-of those institutions. Ay, sir, and
more than that, I say here, and I call upon this
House and the country to witness what I Say,
that the armories of England and of Russia have
been copied exactly from our armories at Spring-
field and Harper's Ferry, and now France is de-
bating the SStablrshment of a similar institution.
Ay, and more still: the present superintendentof
the Enfield armory, near London, where th'eyare
now manufacturing six thousand Minie muskets
per month, or seventy-two thousand per annum, is
the late master-armorer of the Harper's Ferry
armory. Ay, more than that, sir: England is so
enamored of the Minie muskets, and our method
of manufacture, made first m this country at our
national armories,'that she has recently ordered
from this country machinery that will enable hep,
when she receives the same, to manufacture ona
hundred and foity-four thoflsand per annum.
More than this; she is now manufacturing, by
private contract, about as many more of this arm;
altogether, nearly three hundred thousand Minie
muskets per annum. And who is the man who
has been sent for from this country and placed at
the head of the private contract system in Eng-
land, at a salary of .£1,500 a year, with quarters,
and fuel, and all his expenses paid? Why, sir, he
is no other than one of the laboring mechamcs-at
the Springfield armory, who left the employment
of the United States at a salary of $1 75 a day.
And that is the class of men that is attempted to
be stricken down by this miserable system of
economy; men who, by their education and manly
bearine:, and everything that contributes to
the gentleman, are fitted to fill seats in this
or any other position in the country. Ay, who
is it that has made these inventions? • I answer,
triumphantly, they have been made by the artisans
and mechanics in the national armories.
One fact further. The present master machin-
ist of the armory at Springfield was offered the
position in H private armory, with a salary of
85,000 per annuni. He refused it, and now lives
upon three dollars perday at the national armory
at Springfield—an old min, who has spent thirty
years of his manhood in the service of his coun-
try and who, by the reduction made in this bill,
will be deprived of employment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FAULKNER.. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military 4ffairs to move to in-
crease the amount for the manufacture of arms^ at
the national armories, from $950,000 to $400,000,
which was the original estimate.
Mr. GARNETT, I rise to a question of order.
74
