1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 19,
If there is any point well established, it is, that
when the committee or House have refused to
strike out a certain' paragraph, it is no longer in
order to further amend that paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN.- The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order under the 53d rule, which
is as follows:
11A motion to strike out and insert shall be deemed indi-
visible— December 23,1811; but a motion to strike out being
tost, shall preclude neither amendment nor a motion to
strike out and insert.—March, 13,1882."
Mr. FAULKNER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to mo.ve to restore
the original estimate of the Department for the
manufacture of arms, which is $400,000. The
Committee on Military Affairs desire to retrench
and prune down all the expenditures of our mili-
tary service,in points where the public service will
not be injured by such retrenchment; but they
believed that the public service will be injured by
a concurrence in the action of the Committee'of
Ways and Means cutting down the original es-
timates of the ordnance bureau to $250,000. The
Government has already gone to great expense
in constiucting these great national workshops,
and in procuring all the necessary machinery for
the manufacture of arms; and ihe committee could
not perceive that any end of economy would be
promoted by striking off any portion of the money
for the manufacture of arms. They concurred
■with the action of the Committee of Ways and
Means, sofaras they reduced the amount designed
for the repairs and improvements of the national
armories; but so far as they sought to reduce the
sum appropriated for the manufacture of arms,
they departed from the judgment of that commit-
tee. We could see no economy in it, because, as
1 have said, all the.buildings, machinery, and
everything requisite for the full operation of those
national establishments, is ready, and fifteen thou-
sand arms can be manufactured almost as cheaply
as tfln thousand. There is, therefore, no end of
economy promoted by this action of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The question was raised by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Smith,] as to the particular arm
•which (lid such effective and important service
recently in the Northwest. By referring t<J the offi-
cial report of Colonel Wright of the battle of the
Four Lakes, the gentleman will find that he says,
in substance, that it afforded him the highost
gratification to report that he did not lose a single
man, either killed or wounded; attributable, in a
great measure, to the fact that our long-range
rifles reached the .enemy where he could not
reach our troops.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
state what those artns were?
Mr. FAULKNER. Every officer,.,of the Army
knows, or ought to know, what is technically
known as the "long-range rifle." It is described
in the document which 1 have before me, a letter
from the heads of the ordnance bureau, which
prescribes the arms and equipments of war which
the States may call for in lieu of their quota of
muskets under the act of 1808. In that document,
this arm to which 1 allude is described, and it is
there called the "Jong-range rifle," a weapon
manufactured at the national armories, and the
Bame, I presume, to which Colonel Wright refers.
Their manufacture was commenced some four or
five years ago. The Government expended a large
amount of money for the erection of the neces-
sary machinery, and the armories have now man-
ufactured about twenty-five thousand. That is all
we have to supply the wants of this extensive
Republic. And I here say, that no Secretary of
War would dare to place in the hands of troops
going into battle the old muskets manufactured
ten,fifteen, and twenty years ago, when the new
gun could be supplied. He would stand impeached
of a reckless disregard of the liVesof our troops,
before the country, and before the world, were he
to do any such act. There is, therefore, Mr.
Chairman, no economy in the reduction which is
proposed; because V maintain that, with all the
buildings and machinery now in perfect opera-
tion, the Government can manufacture fifteen
thousand guns almost as cheaply as it can man-
ufacture ten thousand.
Again, look to the demand for this arm through-
out the United States. The Government has al-
ready distributed among the States, in accordance
with their earnest demand, five thousand of this
itnproved arm, and the table of the Committee of
Military Affairs is loaded with petitions asking
that Congress shall make some provision for a
large distribution of those arms amongst the mil-
itia, and to clothe the Secretary of War with
power to make asale of those arms to the States,
in order that, from such distribution, he may sup-
ply the militia of the several States.
Mr. ARNOLD. The gentleman quotes from
the report of Colonel Wright, in reference to the
superiority of ourarmsusedin that battle. Those
rifles, I have understood, were furnished to the
Government, not by th.e national armories, but
by a private manufacturer of arms at Hartford,
Connecticut. They were what are called Sharpe's
rifles. Soon after that battle took place, a report
appeared in one of the Washington papers of the
effectiveness of those rifles.' Now, I will give my
vote for every reasonable appropriation for the
national armories; but it is well known that there
is not a more effective arm used in this country
than the Sharpe's rifle, manufactured at Hartford,
Connecticut.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman seems to
have ho personal knowledge of the fact which he
Mates. What knowledge has he? He has seen
it, he says, in the newspapers, and that may have
been placed there by some person interested in
the sale of the article.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNOLD. I would refer the gentleman
to the Secretary of War for information upon
that point.
Mr. GARNETT. This is the first time I have
had it in my power to agree with the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs was not unanimous in that recommenda-
tion.
Mr. GARNF.TT. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose to reduce this appropriation
from $400,000 to $250,000. My colleague pro-
poses to restore it. Why? Because a certain
arm, used by Colonel Wright m Oregon, was
made at Harper's Ferry armory. I understand,
then, that the gentleman from the Springfield dis-
trict, Massachusetts, says thatitwas made at the
Springfield Armory. Then my friend from Con-
necticut says that it was made in a private estab-
lishment.
Mr. FAULKNER. I never said that it was
made at Harper's Ferry. I said that it was made
at the national armories.
Mr. GARNHTT. I knew that my colleague
represented Harper's Ferry, and I thought it'was
to that armory he made reference. I think that
sound policy forbids our manufacturing any more
arms at present. The very fact alluded to by my
colleague, that improvements in arms are going on
daily, is an argument in favor of that position. I
say there was never before a period, since the in-
vention of gunpowder, when lflore rapid improve-
ments were taking place in the weapons of war.
If appropriations of this character had been made
forty or twenty or fifteen years ago, the arms then
made with the money would be superseded, and
be useless. Such are the improvements now that
my colleague says that the Secretary of War
would not feel himself justified in putting the old
musket into the hands of the troops. You can-
not take up a journal upon this or the other side
of the Atlantic, without finding a notice of some
inventions, in the way of improvement, of this
kind of arms; and the chances are that next year
the guns now made will be superseded by im-
proved guns.
I say, therefore, that the Committee of Ways
and Means did wisely, even in a military point
of view, in reducing this item, and still more so
in an economical point of view, in thus postpon-
ing expenditures not absolutely necessary, and
thus taking the part of the tax-paying classes of
the community. While I have great respect for
all my colleague says, and for all that falls from
the gentleman from Massachusetts, 1 cannot but
consider it remarkable that in all other items they
have favored motions for reductions, and here in
this item vote to increase the appropriation. We
cannot but consider that, ^presenting the onhy
two national armories in the country, they eft
somewhat biased by that consideration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
amendment, by reducing the amount one dollar;
and I do it for the purpose of asking the gentle-
man from Virginia whether this appropriation
embraces the annual appropriation of $200,000 for
the purchase and manufacture of arms for the
militia.
Mr. FAULKNER. My reply is, that it does
not.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am one of those who,
in the Military Committee, was opposed to the
amendment as offered., I find that by law there
is an annual appropriation of $200,000 for the
purchase and manufacture of arms. Manufacture
where? At the national armories, of course.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. It is for the purchase of such arms and
equipments as are not manufactured at the na-
tional armories.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There can be no
doubt that, under the act of 1808, the Government
may expend that amount at its own armories.
Mr. PENDLETON. That is thepointl make,
that the whole of that $200,000 may be applied
to the manufacture of arms at the national armo-
ries. If gentlemen will look at the provision in
this bill they will see that more than $109,000 are
appropriated for the repair of the two national
armories, $250,000 for the manufacture of arms,
and $200,000 for the manufacture and purchase
of arms. We thus find that there is within a
fraction of $600,000 proposed to be appropriated
for the repair and the manufacture of arms there.
Without making any opposition to the argument
adduced by the gentleman from Massachusetts
and by the gentleman from Virginia, of the great
utility of these armories, I submit that the
amount proposed to be appropriated by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for one year, when
the Treasury is so embarrassed, is quite asmuch
as should be appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 desire to make a few re-
marks in explanation of that law. The gentle-
man has fallen into an erior in regard to this ap-
propiiation. It is true, as the gentleman from
Missouri has said, that the Government may ap-
propriate this $200,000 for the purpose of manu-
facture, but such has not been the practice; nor
would the States of the Union now submit to any
such construction of its terms.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Permit me to in-
quire how these rifle muskets of the model of
1855 have been distributed to the States to the
extent of $5,000?
Mr. FAULKNER. Under the act of 1808,
and the amendment to that act. The distribution
in form is in muskets. So many muskets, at a
fixed price, to each State and Territory, accord-
ing to its federal population. But the States have
the right, in lieu of muskets, to demand some
other arm or equipment of war; and it is their
habit to make such selections. I herewith ap-
pend a table exhibiting the articles furnished by
the ordnance department to the States, in lieu of
the musket, and the prices at which they are ex-
changed.
Statement of the cost of small-arms, field artillery, §c.7 at
their equivalent m muskets.
Price of each article, except with attachable carbine
breech, which are charged at $50 per pair.
Muskets.
$13 25 ten percussion muskets, including ap- m
pendciges/cal. 69, equal to \  10 2 13
13 93 ten rifle muskets and appendages, new
pattern, cat. 58,  10 9-13
12 S8 ten percussion rifles and appendages, cat.
54  9 11-13
17 43 ten long range rifles, with sword bayonets,
eal. 58  13 5 13
15 20 ten cadets' muskets and appendages, cal.
58  H 9-13
10 00 tun Hall's caibmes and appendages  13 1-13
5-13
• J
o F
13 U-13
19 3-15
- 17 4-13
7 00 ten percussion pistols and appendages..
18 00 ten belt pistols, including ap-^
pemlasjes 
2S 50 ten holster pistols 
50 00 a pair ten holster pistols (with
one attachable carbine breech
per pan} 
35 50 ten cavalry carbines including
appendages  
35 00 ton anulcry .carbines, with
sword bayonets 
42 50 ten nrles with appendages
30 23 ten ^h^rpes' carbines with appendages./. 23 3-13
8 oO ten c.ivahysabers  G 7-13
5 50 ten hort-e-aitillery sabers  4 3-13
4 00 ten foot-aitillery swoids  3 1-13
5 50 ten non-commis ioned officers'swords... 4 3 13
■ 4 40 ten iiiusiciaiis'swords  3 5-13
* Appendages include screw-driver*, ball sciews, spring-
vices, and bullet-molds.
25
25 12-13
32 9-13
