1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$4 02 ten sets of infantry accouterments  3 1-13
3 40 ten sets of rifle accouterments  2 6-13
9 4 52 ten sets of accouterments for long-range
rifles....  3 6-13
6 40 ten sets of cavalry accouterments  4 12-13
1 52 ten horse-artillery baber belts  1 113
1 46 ten foot-artillery sword belts   1 2 65
80 ten non-commissioned officers' or musi-
cians sword belts   4 73-130
4 04one6-pounder gun......-  31 1-13
3 62 one 12-pounder howitzer................ 27 11*33
1 75 one mountain howitzer  12 8-13
2 30 one 6-pounder gun or 12-pounder howitzer
carriage with implements and equip-
ments  25 5-13
1 28 one mountain howitzer carriage with im-
plements   9 1113
3 86 one caisson with tools and spare parts.... 29 913
4 47 one traveling forge with tools  34 5-13
7 74 one battery wagon with tools  59 6-13
67 25 one set of artillery harness for two wheel
horses    5 2-13
56 25 one set of artillery harness for two lead
horses   4 4-13
The practice has been to consume this §200,000
in purchasing for the States the munitions of war,
other than such as are manufactured at the na-
tional armories.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will be permitted to withdraw his amend-
ment, and that then a vote will be taken'on the
motion to increase the appropriation.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to strike out the
words, " at the national armories."
Mr. Chairman, it is well known that there are
many establishments in the country where these
.arms can be manufactured, as cheap, if not
cheaper, than the national armories, and furnish
their building, their hands, and their machinery.
Mr. CHAFFEE. At what armory, except
the national armories, is the Minie rille manufac-
tured ?
Mr. SPINNER. I do not speak of this par-
ticular arm; but I know the fact, generally, that
tfrms are manufactured in various parts of the
United States for the Governmental prices less
than they are manufactured at the national arm-
ories, notwithstanding the fact that you are pay-
ing for buildings, machinery, engines, &c.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Does not the gentleman and
the committee know that the Mime musket is the
infantry arm of the world to-day, and that that
arm is manufactured at the national armories?
And I undertake to say, that there is no other
establishment, public or private, in the United
States, that manufactures the Minie musket.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Can they
do it ?
Mr. CHAFFEE. Not until they build the
works.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They can
build the works very easily.
The question was taken on Mr. Spinner s
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr SEWARD. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation §5,000. Daring the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, Mr. Chairman, an appropriation of
$150,000 was asked for, and the application put
upon the ground that it would be a matter, of
economy to remodel the old arms we had,and so
avoid the necessity of manufacturing new ones.
That money was appropriated; and 1 suppose
that all the old arms have been remodeled and ,
converted into Minie muskets. If that be so, J
there is surely no necessity now for making any
part of this appropiiauon.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not desire to mter-
feie with the laborers of the country; but I think
it bad policy for the Government to spend money
in making arms, simply because there are labor-
ers who desire to be employed by the Govern-
ment. Whenever there is a necessity for Gov-
ernment to expend money for any particular
purpose, I am willing that that money shall go to
the employment of laborers to do the work; but
X object to this whole system of appropriating
money simply because there are a number of em-
ployes in the armories, or in other branches of
the public service, who must be kept in employ-
ment. Why, we should have a nation of Gov-
ernment laborers after a while, if all the men now
111 its employment were to be continued, and if
appropriations were still to be made to keep them
assert, and, I think, truthfully, that
there is no necessity at present to manufacture
another solitary gun in this country. We have
got more arms than we want. It was so stated
herein theThirty-Fourth Congress,by one whose
knowledge on that subject was equal to that of
any man on this floor. He asked for, and got,
an appropriation to convert the old arms to the
new model; and said that there was no necessity
for fujther appropriations to make.new arms,
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose it would be con-
sidered very trite to repeat the -old remark that
peace is the time to prepare for war. We are told
that we have on hand a very large number' of
guns manufactured, burnished, and kept ready
for use. Now, I aslt gentlemen how longa space
of time it would take, in anything like a general
war, for all of these arms to be used up, de-
stroyed, rendered worthless? A naiion as large
as ours; aggressive and progressive as we are;
continually running counter to somebody; con-
tinually liable to thrust ourselves into a quarrel,
either on our own account, or on somebody else's
account, ought always keep itself in readiness to
make attacks and to resist aggression. And yet
it is seriously said here, by grave gentlemen, for
whose judgment we have high respect, that we
should adopt a policy in the procurement of our
arms, which would close up our national armor-
ies, and make us dependent on Tom, Dick, and
Harry, all over the country, who would come in
now and undertake to manufacture our arms at a
cheaper rate than they are manufactured at the
national armories. But, when war came, and we
were driven to straits, and it would become ne-
cessary for us to have arms at any cost; when
our armories were closed, our workshops shut
up, and our skillful artisans scattered and gone;
then these same good gentlemen would come for-
ward and tell the Government that they had got
Uncie Sam by the nose, and would put their
hands into his pockets as deep as they chose, and
mak§ him pay any sort of price that they saw fit
to charge.
The weapons must be had; the arms must be
got; and the Government must pay any price for
them. Would not then the Government be at the
mercy of these private armorers, who are now
telling us that they can manufacture arms cheaper
than they can be made at the national armories,?
I am surprised at the recommendation coming
from the gentlemen who, perhaps, like my friend
from New York, [Mr. Spinner,] aro protective-
tariff men.
Mr.SPINNER. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
I am a free-trade man.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very glad to hear the
gentleman make that admission. Then it is his
anti-tariff notions; his notions of aiding foreign
manufactures, that he is bringing in here. 1 un-
dertake to say, from my acquaintance with the
subject—and I profess to have some acquaintance
with it—that arms are manufactured by the Gov-
ernment as good, and at as low a price as they
can be fairly done for, rendering a fair and just
compensation for-the kind of work we require.
[Here the hafnmer fell.] )
The question was taken on Mr. Seward s
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation for the national armories $5,000.
I am surprised, Mr. Chairman, at the position
which this House is placing itself in before the j
world. Here we are, actually at war with Para-
°-uay, and have sent off a large fleet to .conquer
her. [Laughter.] We have justhad a war with
Utah, and have actually three thousand men out
there, at this time. And, sir, we are going, it is
said, to take Cuba; even though the whole
world be against us, and in the very face of the
bipartite treaty between Spain, France, and Eng-
land. And, sir, the American Congress are about
to vote <30,000,000 to the President to enable him
to obtain Cuba; and, sir, you know what that
means. It is, sir, the beginning, the entering
wedo-e to a war, and we must be prepared to meet
it. Instead, therefore, of cutting down the appro-
priation for the manufacture of arms, I would
double u—increase it to $500,000; bccause 1 feel
confident that we never can get Cuba without
running the risk of involving ourselves m a war
with Spain, England, and France; and we shall
want all the arms we can manufacture.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland, and in favor of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Virginia. I sympathize
with this disposition to retrench, which seems to
be so prevalent in the House, but I desire that
the retrenchment may be reduced to a system. I
think that if we have made one thing more appa-
rent than another in this House, and in this: dis-
cussion upon retrenchment, it is that we are as
extravagant in our retrenchment as we have been
in everything else.- My idea is that w& should
discriminate in our retrenchment so that by re-
ducing our expenditures in some tranches of the
public service, we may thereby be enabled to
carry on other branches with more efficiency.
Now, I believe that no gentleman here—unless
it be my friend from New York, [Mr. Spinner,]
seriously contemplates the. idea of abolishing the
national armories, throwing away all the property,
and all the capital invested int machinery there,
and turning out of employment all the men who
have been educated to this business.
If, then, we are to keep up these armories, is
it not a matter of economy upon our part to keep
them up in the way that will be most efficient and
render most service to the country ? Sir, the ma-
chinery and all the capital invested there becomes,
to a great extent, a dead and useless capital,
wasted and destroyed, unless we,carry on the
business on the plan laid down by those who are
acquainted with the operations at, and have the
management of, these armories; and the War
Department and the Military Committee of this
House tell us that we cannot reduce the amount
of the expenditure of this branch of the service.
I do not see a corresponding disposition to cut
down expenditures where we can cut them down
without injury to the public service. I want rea-
son in our retrenchment. I want to apply the
pruning knife with some sort of discretion. If
we apply it alike to the useful and to the useless,
we shall utterly fail to accomplish any reasonable
retrenchment. I am opposed to these fyild and
extravagant motions, either on one side or upon
the other. I think that, as reasonable men, we
ought to listen to the estimates of the Department
and to the estimates of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who are the eyes and the ears of
this House, or who ought to be, upon this sub-
j ject.
! [Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on Mr. Bowie's amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. MASON called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia by reducing the amount to one dollar. .
1 regret t« occupy the time of the' committee
when 1 know the committee is anxious for a vote.
But, as one of the members of the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affairs, who has not agreed to this prop-
osition, I feel that .it is propef for me to say afew
words. Improvements in these arms are going on
every day, and if we appropriate this money, the
probability is, that it wili be improperly and use'
lessly expended. I have in my desk an invention
which has been patented within the last few days,
by which, the inventor informs me, he can furnish
abetter arm—and Minie's, too—than any now
existing, for the price of the old musket. - Now,v
whether this be true or not, it shows that we
ought to curb our appropriations within proper
limits, and not to spend hundreds of thousands of
dollars at Springfield and Harper's Ferry in the
course of a year, in the manufacture of particu-
lar arms. The $250,000 may be increased, as it *
was increased last year, by the application to the
same purpose of the $200,000 for the purchase or
manufacture of arms for the militia. The House
will remember that last year;vat the instance ot
the Representative from the Harper s Ferry dis-
trict, we putm more than three hundred thousand
dollars, which had been left out accidentally by a
clerk, because the President of the United States
had used this very appropriation of #200,000 for
the manufacture of arms at Springfield and Har-
per's Ferry. That shows that it can be done.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that the money which had to be
borrowed from the ordnance fund because of the
neglect of an engrossing clerk, has every dollar
of it been refunded.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have no
