1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ward to trial, is arraigned and complained of as a
bad man because he has devoted years and years,
and money, and toil, for the purpose of bringing
this judge to account. If he had no other purpose
than malice, is it reasonable to suppose that he
would have "devoted years, and toil, and his for-
tune, to secure the bringingof this man to justice?
Even since the last session, having reason to be-
lieve that this power of sale was a forgery, he sent
and procured, from the keeper of the archives at
Saltillo, a certificate corroborating the evidence of
the other keeper of the archives, stating that the
power to take possession, made by these three
parties to Williams, is there on record, and that
the power of sale is there signed by one of the
Aguirres, but not signed by the other, or by La
Vega, or by the assisting witnesses. Now, what
do we see? Old man Gonzales, who swore to
the power of attorney, is contradicted by the two
keepers of the archives. Now, if there remains
yet a lingering doubt in the mind of the House
that the power of sale, proven up by Hewitson
and Gonzales, from the Aguirres and La Vega to
Williams, was a forgery, let me clinch conviction
by the following document:
To the honorable Probate Judge, Senor Juez de Letras:
Thomas de la Vega, a lesident of this city, now appears
before you and says: that, sn the archives ot the illustrious
avuntaimento of this place exist the protocols of the public
acts filed in the year J832, and that among these acts is a
power of attorney bearing date 5th of May of said year,
which, although signed by Don Juan Gonzales, who then
performed the office of judge, is not signed by me, the sup-
posed grantor. In justice to my rights, I pray that your
honor shall call at the archives aforesaid, demand the said
protocol, (or file.) and open the same at the place signed by
Don Juan Gonzales; that you«hall cite him to appear forth-
with before you, without excuse or pretext whatsoever, and
in your presence read and examine the said power sup-
posed to Iiavk been given by me to Samuel May Williams
to alienate certain lands that I possessed 111 Texas, and,
after a careful examination thereof, that he shall state
whether or not it is signed by me. Alter which I also pray
that you shall give me an authentical certificate to this ef-
fect: whether said power is, or is not, signed by me, and
whether Don Juan Gonzales had authonfy to perform the
same alone, without being accompanied by a scribe or com-
petent witnesses, who, as our laws require, should always
assist the judge m performanceof all his official acts,to give
them force and validity. As these points here above stated
will be requited by racas testimony in certain claims which
I pros-ecute in the United States, to prove the nullity of the
sale of certain lands of mine, I pray that you shall grant me
my pravers as above, delivering to me the originals of the&e
proceedings, with the evidence resulting therefrom, to be
made use of as best will suit my interests. I demand justice
according to the law.
THOMAS DE LA VEGA.
Saltillo, September 17, 1858.
Saltillo, September 18, 1858.
As prayed for, let Don Juan Gonzales, Zertucho, be cited,
and let the demand contained in this petition be complied
with. Therefore, the judge substitute of the probate judge
(of Letras) of this district orders and signs in my presence.
TOMAS SANTOS COY,
DOMINGO V. MEJIA, JST. P.
Under this same date, Don Thomas de la Vega is duly no-
titled of the above procee,Jings. DOjnNGO ^
Thomas de la Vega.
On the same day appeared Don Juan Gonzale, Zertucho,
who having taken cognizance of the petition and citation
that precede, and having accompanied the honorable judge
to the locality where are kept the archives of the illustrious
ayuntamiento, and the secretary having been requested to
produce the record of public acts for the year 1832, and the
same being done. Don Juan Gonzales, after having read and
examined the written power of attorney above referred to
in the petition, declared that the power of attorney on rec-
ord is the same authorized by him at that date, and is m
conformity in all its parts with the iestvnonio al*o aut.ior-
izeci by liim, and that the signature of Don Thomas de la
Ve<*a does not appear thereon—he knows not why : and,
after having so declared, he hereby signed in presence of
and together with the judae, as witnesseth.
JUAN GONZALES, Zertucho.
SANTOS COY
DOMINGO V. MEJIA, N. P.
I certify with all due formalin that the power appears to
have been given by the Licentiate, Don Jose Maria Aguirre,
Don Thomas de la Vega, and Don Raphael de Auuiire, on
the 5th of May, ISM, and which is on the records of that
year, i- not Mgned by Don Thomas de la Vega, and has no
other authorization than the signature of Don Juan Gon-
zales, who fulfilled the office of judge, without the assist-
ance of a scribe or of competent witnesses, who ought to
have accompanied him to give validity to that act, aceord-
!n<r to our laws ; and m accordance with that prajer con-
tained m the annexed petition, I here affix mysignaturein
presence of the scribe, as w,tnesseth.g gANTOg CQY_
Domingo V. Mkjia, X. P«
On two pages sealed p*per is delivered the testimony to
^ThVciovernnr of the fiee and sovereign States of Keuva
Leon and Ooahuila, legalizes the signatuieot the citizen
Tomas Santos Cv>\\ judge substitute of the probate judge
of the district of Saiullo,and that of the public scribe, the
citizen Domingo V. Mejia, which authenticate the annexed
preceding document®, in the matter of the petition ad-
dressed to said authorities by the citizen, Thomas de la
Vega, Monterey, September 22,1858.
DOMINGO MARTINEZ.
Juan Garza, Cromc. Secretary.
The consular certificate I annex.
J. WALSH, Consul.
I hereby certify that the signature to the annexed docu-
ments are those of the Governor and Secretary of the State
of Neuva Leon and Uoahuila, in the Republic of Mexico ;
and the same as they place on all public writings.
Given under my hand and the consular seal, this 23d day
of September, 1858. J. WALSH, Consul.
This document is regularly certified by all the
proper officers, and I have the original Spanish
in my possession ready to be exhibited. There,
then, is the record? Where is this poor old man,
who was induced to perjure himself for a little
over two thousand dollars, by this terrible set,
coming up in theface of the record and ofthejudge,
and unsvvearing all he had sworn before ? There
he stands, convicting this Hewitson. There stands
the terrible record against this Hewitson, upon
whose evidence poor old Spencer and ten others
were turned outof house ana home, and driven off
by as infamous perjury as ever was committed
by human being ! For it was upon this testimo-
ny, as I have given it, that the power of sale was
admitted in the circuit court at New Orleans,
when Lapsley and his confederates gained this
land.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. REAGAN. Not now; I will answer the
question directly. Now, what is the answer made
to all this? At the last hour, just as the debate
is closing, my colleague comes forward and reads
to you extracts from certain private papers pur-
porting to have come from General Austin. What
is the effect of those extracts? It is to prove that
General Austin said that he had purchased the La
Vega and Aguirre grants. If General Austin pur-
chased them, the title may still be in his heirs, of
whom my colleague is one;-butwe have never
seen one paper, signed by any human bein? on
earth, showing that General Austin ever had one
particle of connection with this matter. Where
are the official documents ? *IVhere is the conces-
sion? It never mentions his name? Where is the
power to locate? It never mentions his name.
Where is the power to sell? It never mentions
his name. Where is every title-paper, from the
inception down to this good hour, that, even men-
tions the name of the great Stephen P. Austin?
And yet they come here and tell you that Austin
said he held the title, without showing the fact or
exhibiting a particle of proof; and a sensation is
, produced upon the very eve of trial, to defeat the
course of justice, and turn loose this terrible judge
upon the aggrieved people of Texas!
I, too, have come into this case by the instruc-
tions of the Legislature of my State; not coldly,
not to appear to obey them, but strive to defeat
and overturn their object; not to seem to support
the right but certainly to sustain the wrong. I
have stood all the time in this case where I stand
now, urging justice to the people of my State.
But, sir, if you are not yet satisfied, let me call
your attention to one more fact, and that is the
fact that if General Austin did hold the title to
these lands it may be in him or his heirs yet, and
that does not affect the question as to whether the
title of Samuel M. Williams was a forgery. Did
I you not see that when the argument was made?
i Did gentlemen suppose, m making this argument,
\ that that point would escape my notice? Did
they think that I have watched this case and this
corruption so long, and yet would permit such a
point as that to pass before the House ? Ah ! sir,
justice is all powerful, and it will prevail.
Now, sir, my colleague no doubt stated the truth
when he stated that he found the memorandum,
to which he has referred, among the papers of
General Austin; but does that touch the pretended
power of attorney to Samuel M. Williams ? Does
it touch any part of the ease ? My colleague will
see that his effort to crush down the case, great
[ as it -is, never touches the question of the validity
! of the title, nor contradicts the record or the oaths
| of the man who is charged to have made the power
j of attorney, and of the two keepers of the archives
' which I have produced to prove forgery. I have
now done my duty to myself and this cause, and
I thank the House for its kindness in permitting
me to do it.
Mr. BINGHAM resumed the floor.
Mr. BRYAN. 1 ask the gentleman to yield to
me.
[Loud cries of " Hear him!" " Hear him
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Texas.
Mr. BRYAN. Mr, Speaker, I ask my col-
league if, in the remarks which he has just made,
he intended to impute any improper motives to
me, when he said that I intended to crush down
the investigation.'
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say^
once for all, that I impute no improper motives
to my colleague. If he has been induced to take
a wrong position, it is, perhaps, through mistake;
but, certainly, I impute nothing against his per-
sonal integrity of purpose, or his faithful belief
in the truth of what he has stated; and I repeat,
that what he has stated does not conflict with
what I have said.
Mr. BRYAN. My colleague made the speech
containing the imputation on myself, and which
is now on its way to hig and my constituents, on
Saturday last. Monday—yesterday—was the
first day on which I could have replied to him.
Those who are with me at my boarding-house
know the reason why I was not here,all of the day
on yesterday. Circumstances prevented my at-
tendance the whole day; and when I was here I
could not get the floor. I, sir, never shrink from
the discharge, and the full discharge, of my duty;
but, sir, my colleague called in question the vera-
city of the statementthat I madea few days since.
Mr, REAGAN. Will my colleague recollect
that I stated then, as I have stated now, that I
knew my colleague conscientiously believed ev-
erything that he stated to be true? I trust he
will not insist on making an issue of veracity
between us, when I disclaimed it then, disclaim
it now, and have, ail the time, admitted that my
colleague conscientiously believed all the facts
which he stated to be true.
Mr. BRYAN. I stated at the time that I an-
nounced the fact that, at the proper time, I yrould
respond, if any one called upon me. He did not
call upon me, although he had an.opportunity at
the tune when I called upon him and asked him
for a copy of his speech.
Mr. REAGAN. The reason why I did not
call upon the gentleman then was, that the state-
ment was made publicly, in the ears of the House;
and I wished to have the whole matter come be-
fore the House. My calling on the gentleman,
in private, would not have satisfied the House.
Mr. BRYAN. 1 could have satisfied my col-
league, and he could have satisfied the House. I
held back nothing. The papers containing this
statement were private memoranda mixed up with
a great many other things, private affairs of my
relative which I did not choose to bring up before
this body. 1 will, however, willingly exhibitthe
papers to any one who is disposed to look at them,
as I have done to several gentlemen who have
called upon me. I have nothing which I seek to
conceal.
Now, sir, in reference to the statement of my
colleague that I withheld this matter until the
hour when the previous question was to have been
moved, 1 will state that I should have made the
i statement which I have made this morning as
,isoon as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
|j Ward] had taken his seat, if I could have ob-
tamed the floor. I have not desired to withhold it
|! with the view of affecting the question v^ien no re-
|; ply could be made. But, sir, I do desire that jus-
jj tice should be done to an injured man, one who
i! is charged with forgery in a matter in which he
| had nothing whatever to do. Ifthere wasforgery,
j; it must have been upon the part of others. I have
i; shown you that the paper was in existence years
aS°-
i| My colleague has told you that Hewitson
il swore falsely. Well, sir, Hewitson may or may
j 1 not have sworn to a lie, but that does not affect the
j; statement which I have made. He has more-
over bought Le Vega as a Witness. Well, sir,
" Le Vega eom«s here with an interest in the case
to the amount of $225,000, which is enough to
blind his mental vision and his integrity. He is
the owner of the whole tract,„worth, as stated,
|300,000, except $75,000 which Mussina is to
get if he can prove that paper to have been afor-
gery. . ,
These, sir, are the faciei. Hewitson may have
