1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
me
the survey of the Colorado river, which determ-
ined that that river was navigable by steamers to
the great canon of the Colorado, thus opening a
line of communication to supply the Utah coun-
try from the Gulf of California.
In like manner other parties have gone out and
Ijave given us most valuable information in regard
to the lilies of communication. Our army in
Utah has been able to reduce its expenses in con-
sequence of the information gained by these par-
ties. It may be lhat the expense of moving our
army from Fort Leavenworth to Utah, a distance
of one thousand two hundred miles, may be re-
duced one half, by an examination of the country.
It is believed by many,and that is myjudgment,
that fiom the Yellowstone, you can open a line
to Utah, shortening the length of transportation
by one half what it now is. If you can reduce
the transportation of corn and barley from tvventy-
seven cents a pound, from Port Leavenworth to
thirteen, or fourteen, or fifteen cents a pound, it
will be a great saving. Such are the issues in-
volved m these explorations. Aregentlemen aware
that it costs the Government sixteen dollars a
bushel to carry corn to Utah? Are they aware
■ that for every pound of forage carried there you
have to pay twenty-seven cents? It is therefore
a matter of moment to see whether you can re-
duce your bill of expenses one half.
Mr. McdUEEN. Why cannot the Army
make those explorations?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. There is a
special corps set apart for that duty.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. OLIN. I am opposed to the amendment
offered by the Delegate from Washington Terri-
tory; not that those explorations are not import-
ant and could not enlighten the House, but for
other reasons. I was desirous, before this ap-
propriation bill was disposed of, to get the report
of one of these military explorations, but I have
failed to do so. The ingenuity of some gentle-
men on this floor, acting for the Secretary of
War, prevented me from accomplishing what I
desired. ' I think it is hardly worth while to ex-
pend more of the public money in theseexplora-
tions, when, after being made and the report being
called for by a resolution of the House, the
House cannot get the opportunity of reading i t or
having it produced. The document which I called
for would, I think, have shown the_ House that
the fortification and military arsenal at Kcnicia
has the same difficulty that was attributed to
General Pillow's ditch, which was off the wrong
side of the breast-work.
But it is said that ihe reasons assigned in this
report were not quite satisfactory to high public
functionaries. The Department did notapprove
of it, and therefore it could not be laid before the
House. I should like to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Aftairs what has
become of the fortification at the mouth oi the
Columbia river? Is it given over as a bad job >
I believe that has been found to be placcd lit the
wron°" position; and I should like to hear the
opinion of myfiietid from Washington Territory
on that subject, as he is a scientific man. In the
estimation of every military man in the country,
whose judgment is worth three cents, this fortifi-
cation is a failure—an ignominious failure. 1
think that that would be seen, had this topograph-
ical report been placed before the House. But
it could not be had, although a copy of H hes on
the desk of the Secretary of War, and although
his attention has been called to it repeatedly on
the floor of the House, and although a resolution
has been passed by the House calling for it. He
has not leisure to send the colored man who
stands at his door with the report to this House,
although we have been waiting for it for months.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stevens s
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BRYAN. I offer the following amendment,
to come in after line one hundred and sixty-one:
For survey of the entrances and harbors of Galveston,
San Luis, mouth of iho Brazos river, Caballo, Aransas,
and Brazos Santiago, m Texas, $20,00U.
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is no authority on the sta-
tute-book for the survey proposed by the gentle-
man from Texas. There is a law providing for
the survey of the lakes, but none for this.
Mr.'BRYAN. The last clause of the bill pro-
vides for the survey of the northern and west-
ern lakes; why should not this amendment be in
order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of-frder.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to strife out the fol-
lowing lines;
" For continuing the survey of the northern and north-
western lakes, including Lake Superior, $75,000."
We have already appropriated a sum for the
continuation of the coast survey. We are push-
ing that magnificent work as rapidly .as we pos-
sibly can, consistent with the work itself and
consistent with the resources of the Treasury.
It has been carried around all the coasts of the
United States, tlie ocean coasts, and lakes, also;
and I see no reason why we should make a spe-
cial appropriation for the northern lakes. I do
not mean by that to be understood as having a
decided hostility to the survey of the northern
lakes. On the contrary, I desire that they shall
be surveyed, just as much as the sea-coast is
surveyed.
Mr. PHELPS, of'Missouri. The cosst sur-
vey is under the control of Professor Bache; but
he does not prosecute the surveys of the north-
ern lakes; they are under the control of the Sec-
retary of War.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I think it would be
a great deal better to have the survey of the north-
ern lakes carried on under Professor Bache; for
there is no work in the world superior in chanec-
ter to the American coast'survey; and therefore,
whatever there is in the way of surveying, should
be placed under the control of the Coast Survey
department. Let us push that work as rapidly
as funds will permit us; but not too rapidly. 1
move to strike out this item, as not being in its
aporopriate place. I think this is not the proper
time for enlarging our surveying operations, v
Mr. HATCH. I had expected to find some
opposition to this very small item in this appui-
priation bill to the inland commerce of this coun-
try. It is entirely in harmony with the action of
legislation here, for the last number of years, to-
wards every interest connected with the naviga-
tion on our northwestern lakes. Here is a bill
appropriating over fifteen million dollars tor the
Army service, and at the tail of it is appended
an appropriation of $75,000 for the survey of the
northern lakes, and the gentleman fiom Virginia
moves to strike this out. I will detain the com-
mittee whilst I give a brief statement of the com-
merce and extentof these northern lakes. There
are over sixteen hu ndred vessels navigating these
lakes, manned Iry over thirteen thousand sea-
men. Their tonnage is over four hundred thou- |
sand tons, and the exports and imports trans-
ported over these western waters amount to over |
six huniired million dollars, equal to all the lm- 1
ports and exports of the United States. There
are over six thousand miles ol lake and rivei
coast, equal to the Atlantic coast of this country.
My limitation of time will not permit me to add
further details, except to say that here is an inland
commerce, in grandeur and •magnitude unsur-
passed in the world, worthy of national care. And
now, sir, this insignificantappropriation only, to
point out the dangers of our inland navigation,
for the survey of our lakes, the gentleman from
Virginia proposes to strike out, when the Atlan-
tic coast survey has cost this Government over
five million dollars, and there is now appropriated
for its continuance, annually, over five hundred
thousand dollars. We have had no general ap-
propriations for the improvement or even pres-
ervation of our harbors for years. Appropria-
tions for charts and light-houses have been made;
but nothing has been given to remove the dan-
cers which these charts indicated, and these lights
have only served the purpose to warn the manner
away from unimproved and dangerous harbors.
This motion is entirely in keeping with the
movemenfin the other wing of the Capitol to get
rid of the light-house system on our lakes, lhis
course of legislation, sir, if carried out, would
not only deprive our mariners of charts, but even
extinguish the lights on our inland coast I have
not time now to urge the claims of the inland
commerce of this country, but I.shaUtek® some
future .occasion find vindicate its equity,:
branch of the public service, ^ther 'witfc'5U(g
Army or Natvy. Noyv, by tire "arbitrary ruling
of this House, no appropriation fo'r its h&qhif
except for charts and Iig&tq, catri be placed yiu
general appropriation
of the two-third rule,.a.rainoi;ity,li&s jthe piwjr.to
exclude all o,tht>r appropriations, suiih  s for
improvement of harbors, or xathejj prevent ,t6ek
consideration .by the Hdj^se., §ei,.suv.there,
Singular legislation heref,that wllijgt.&jp^orlty
may be in favor of thi3 class of appropriations
for generalimprovements of harborifbn our-lltjsds,
a minority can defeat alj legislation". ':'fhi£ X'nf-
qualityin legislation here has no foundation ii)
common sense or common justice. I appeal to
geatlemen not to "strike out this very small con-
cession to the inland commerce of this country,
perhaps the only appropriation that can be se-
cured for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Carnett's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. PENDLETON. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill;
For pay to the Missionary Society of the Methodist Epis-
copal Church, for land taken from aaitl Spoieiy, for nnljtpry
purposes, at the Dalles, in .Oregon Territory., tlie sum ot
§20,000, upon filing in tlie proper Department a release to
the United States, to be unproved by the Attorney General,
of damages on account of the appropriation of said land,
and destruction of property on or near the said land, iiy tlie
troops ot" the United States, or volunteers, or Indiana, at
any tune anterior to the date of said release.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise-toa question of prder.
That is a private claim, and is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out-of ordet^
Mr. BONHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment, as an additional section to the bill:
Sec.2. Jlni be U further enacted, That it is, and is hereby
declared to be, the true intent and meaning of this act, that
the commutation of subsistence to officers ot the Army
shall not be withheld by virtue of anything herein contained,
until existing laws regulating the same shall he repealed.
In order to make my point understood, it is
proper that I should advert briefly to the action
of Congress upon this subject. When the.^ctof
1857, increasing the pay of the Army, was under
consideration in the Senate, this question vvas
raised, both by the Committee on Military Affairs
and other Senators, and the two amendments,
which I will read, were rejected by very decided,
votes." The first of those amenuments was as
follows:  
" That hereafter double rations for command of posts gm-
risonud with troop?, are prohibited, unless especially ordeied
by the Piesidrntot the United States; and all taws and rug-
uUnions contrary to the provisions ol this act arc hereby re-
pealed."
That was rejected by a vote of 33 to 17.
The following amendment was also offered:
" That, fiom and after the passage of this act, additional or
double rations for command are prohibited; arid ah lawa
contt arv to the provisions of sections of this law be} and tlie
same are heieby, repealed."
That was rejected by a vote of 28 to 19. I have
not been able to turn to the debates in the House
upon this subject, but I have shown that two
years ago, when the matter was fully debated,
this question was decided. And now, only two
short years afterwards, we propose in an appro-
priation hill to reverse that decision. I will not
go into an argument to show the importance of
these double rations to the officers; but there is
another branch of the subject to which I wish to
advert. I am satisfied, from the temper exhibited
by the committee yesterday on the subject ot the
brevet pay, that, if they had understood the ques-
tion, they never would have agreed to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs. That
amendment not only cuts down tlie compensation
of vour officers on the frontier, ^ho are m com-
mand of posts, but it cuts down the pay of the
Commander-in-Chief "more than three thousand
dollars. I have ascertained, since yesterday, that
this will be one of the effects of that amendment.
I now wish to call attention to the action of
Congress upon the subject. At that same ses-
sion of 1857, this question as to
of his brevet pay came up. In 1855, Congress
passed the law under which the rank of lieutenant
genera! was conferred upon General Scott, ee-
