1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
February 21,
Mr. HUNTER. So do I; but we cannot do it.
Mr. REID. It is too late to attempt that now,
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia ison thetfoor; and the Senatorfrom Cal-
ifornia takes the floor to ask the Chair >vhat is his
opinion in a given case.
Mr. GtWIN. J want to make a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator from
Virginia yields, the Chair will decide the question.
Mr. gjLIDELL. With the consent of the Sen-"
ator from Virginia, I wish to state another reason
that induces me to vote for the reconsideration of
this bill, and I think my friend from Virginia will
assent to the propriety of it. It is in reference to
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pug®,] and which received the sanction of
the Senate. The purport of that amendment is,
that no diplomatic agents of any kind shall be
appointed, or receive any pay, during the fiscal
year commencing July 1, 1859, excepting those
who may be specified in the bill. Now, I pre-
sume, that the Senator from Ohio did not intend
that this restriction should apply to the disposi-
tion of the contingent fund, because if it does, it
certainly cannot receive the sanction of the Sen-
ate. It will be striking at the very root of the sys-
tem which has prevailed for the last fifty years,
almost ever since the establishment of this Gov-
ernment. The amendment of the Senator is
worded in such general terms, that it may very
well bear that construction, and I will ask the
Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That no other embassador, envoy extraordi-
nary, minister plenipotentiary, minister resident, cominis-
feioncr, diplomatic representative, or eli.ir^ d'aA'ane*, glial)
be entitled to any compensation dining the said n&eal year.
Mr. SLIDELL. As I said before, from the
very foundation of the Government it has been
the habit of Congress to place at the disposition
of the President a certain sum of money to be
employed at his discretion for the purpose of for-
eign intercourse. In the bill now under consid-
eration, $50,000 arc allowed for the contingent
expenses of all the missions abroad, and for the
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse the
sum of $60,000. There probably has been no
one year since we have had any foreign lelationa,
in which it has not been necessary foi the Presi-
dent of the United States, cither to charge per-
sons who had no official recognized character with
the task of acquiring information in foreign coun-
tries; or perhaps of carrying on some informal
negotiation without consulting the Senate upon
the subject. If the Senate were in session, and 1
the appointment were to assume any official form,
of course it would be necessary to submit it to
the sanction of the Senate; but under the pro-
visions of this amendment, as I understand it,
during the recess of Congress, if any sudden
emergency should arise by which it became ne-
cessary to sond a special mission to any part of
the world, or even to send private agents having
no public diplomatic character, the President
would be unttble to do it. lie has now in Mex-
ico, an agent not clothed with any official pub-
lic functions as a diplomat—Mr. Churchweli, a
former member of Congress is there for the pur-
pose of acquiring information; information es-
sential to the proper conduct of our foreign affairs.
He cither has, or wishes to send, very shortly,
nn agent to St. Domingo and to Hayti, where a
new state of affairs exists; one, perhaps, that may
require the presence of some very intelligent and
discreet man. If this amendment be adopted, and
it be susceptible of the construction which 1 think
it may bear, the President is cut off in the exer-
cise of those powers which have uniformly been
conceded to every President by every Congress.
1 shall vote to reconsidei this bill, for the purpose
of confining this amendment to the specific appro-
priations made up to ime sixteen, which include
all foreign missions, leaving the appropriations
for contingent expenses of foreign missions, and
for the contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
under the discretion of the President, to disburse
the money as he may think proper, subject only
to that accountability which exists to Congress
under the laws.
Now, I will read the third section of the act of
the 1st of May, 1810. That law has never been
repealed, changed, or modified, m any way since.
It is now the existing law:
"53ec.3. %,indbe '(further enacted, Thatwhereanysume
of money shall be drawn from the Treasury, under any law
making appropriation for the contingent expenses of inter-
course between the United States and foreign nations, the
President shall be, and he hereby is, authorized to cause
the tame to be duly settled annually, with the accounting
officers of the Treasury, in the manner following, that is to
say: by causing the same to be accounted for specially, in
aH instances wherein the expenditure thereof may,-in his
judgment, be made public, and by making a certificate of
the amount of such expenditures as he may think it advis-
able not to specify, and every s uoh certificate shall be
deemed a sufficient voucher for thesuiaorpuuis therein ex-
pressed to have been expended."
I merely state this so, that my reason for voting
for the reconsideration may not be misunder-
stood. I think it imperatively necessary that this
bill should be reconsidered.
Mr. MASON. I have but a word to say. It
was the pleasure of the Senate to adopt that re-
maining clause of the amendment of the Senator
S from Ohio. I pointed out one objection to it, that
it would repeal, by implication, a very wise pro-
vision of the existing law, and 1 said, that what
other effect it might have upon the existing laws
and usages of the country, I could not tell. I am
very happy to find that the honorableSenatorfrom
Louisiana has pointed out another. If there is
this legislation sprung upon us without notice,
without time to deliberate, without any examin-
ation to see what its effects may bo, the inevita-
ble result will be to unsettle and complicate the
exiting legislation of the country which has been
framed after deliberation. It will have that effect,
J presume, upon the expenditures which have
been alluded to.
Mr. GYV1N. I move to lay on the table this
motion to reconsider, and I will give the reason
why I make the motion, and I want to know
what will be the effect of the motion if it succeeds.
This practice of moving to rcconsider appropri-
ation bills is likely to lead to very serious results
in the Senate if it can prevent the bill from being
further considered until that motion is disposed
of. I have never seen a motion to reconsider an
appropriation bill, that I recollect, until this ses-
sion, m the Senate. It has been done twice; this
is the second time; and now I move to lay this
motion to reconsider on the table, and I wish to
know whether, if that motion is carried, it will
ctury the bill with it. If that is the decision of
the Chair, I want to appeal from that decision,
so that we shall establish the practice here that
if a motion to reconsider is made, and it is laid
on.the table, it does not disturb the bill; it does
not prevent its bein  taken to the other House.
My object is to facilitate business. A motion to
lay on the table is to be decided without debate
—summarily disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate, in arrswer to the Senator from
California, that the question is: "Will the Senate
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed ?"
The Senator from (California moves to lay that
motion on the table. The Chair recognizes the
motion of the Senator from California to be in
order; but, before the vote is taken upon it, the
Senator desires to know what will be the effect of
that vote. Perhaps it may expedite business for
the Chair to give his opinion. The Chair thinks
that if the Senate shall determine that the motion
shall lie on the table, it lies there subject to be
I called up by the Senate at any time,, and the effect
I of it is still to Suspend the operation of the 'bill.
The bill goes with the motion to the table. The
usage in the House of Representatives has been
different. The practice of the Senate is as now
stated by the Chair. Undoubtedly, it might be
very convenient to make a motion to lay on the
table, if carried, decisive; but such has not been
the usage of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Then I will not make the motion
for the present.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the question now
is on rcconsiderin* the vote passing the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion
before the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to state to the Senator
from California that I withdrew my amendment
on Saturday, because I supposed the sense of
the Senate was averse to the proposition, I was
afterwards told that I was mistaken in that, and
that the objection to the amendment, as agreed to
in Committee of the Whole, was, that it allowed
the privilege of retaining ten per cent, exchange
! on the drafts, and if that was stricken out it
: would be agreed to. After having that inform-
ation, I moved to reconsider the bill with a view
of offering the amendment. I supposed it would
not pass; but, afterwards, 1 was assured it would.
The Senator from Virginia has read a circular,
stating in what way these accounts for exchange
are made up. I v&ill state that I went to the Stat©
Department, and called for some of those certifi-
cates of exchange, and they gave me certificates
as late as December, I think, some of which 1
had read, and one of those which I submitted
was made up after that circular. I had the cir-
cular by me, and I could not conceive that the
circular of the Secretary of the Treasury would
allow twenty-four or thirty per cent.; but I see
that merchants have hitherto certified what the
real exchange was on the day the bill was drawn, "
whether the bill was to be sold or not; and that
the State Department issued another circular, re-
quiring the officers to state what they were sold
at. I see here, that a bill of §496 on London sold
at $233. I will read, for the information of the
Senator from Virginia, an extract from a book I
have got from the State Department, showing
how perfectly we are in the control of foreigners
about this exchange. It is an arbitrary matter.
I read from the report of our consul to Shanghae?
dated June 25, 1855;
"When the foreign trade became important in China,
foreign dollars were introduced ;* and, on account of their
superior qualities as a circulating medium over the ponder-
ous sycee, became quite popular, and were universally
adopied. The Caroius dollar was Hie first adopted ; al'ter-
waidsthe Bolivian, Peruvian, Chilian, and Mexican; but
the Caroius having been first introduced, the Chinese foi met!
a prejudice in its favor to the extent of a discount of ten per
cent, on all others. When this port was fiiat opened, tho
Chinese received the Mexican at a premium over the Car-
oius, and the rupee at a premium over both; but the native
broker from Canton instilled into the traders here the same
prejudice which existed where they came fiom, and tho
Caiolu« gradually rosem value, and the others sank, until
the ditleience has become twenty five or tluity per cent.,
which is equivalent almost to an «ntue exclusion fiom cir-
culation." **********
"Thus this prejudice in favor of the Caroius has been
fostered by a few commercial hon-,es until the evil conse-
quent upon a hunted currency, and one winch becoming
less and less every year, is almost beyond a remedy. The
longer it is permitted to ev:ist, the more vexatious will its
remedy become. The Caroius dollar it? earned into the in-
terior to pay for tea* and silks, and never leturns ; thus each
yrar renders the amount of circulating medium less and
less. The Caroius dollar i-t the Mnndard, and, therefore, as
it decreases in quantity, exchange rises. The same houses
which have the control of the Caroius dollar also dis-
count all bills of exchange, and thus hold the entire com-
m^icial machinery of tin* port at then contiol. They dis-
count lulls ol exchange a! whatever lates they please to fix
at Canton and all the other ports in China. The foreign
dollais at present circulate, according to treaty, with ref-
eience to then pimtv in silver as compared with sycee ; but
here a distinction is kepi up in favor of iheCaiolus far above
us relative value m pme hIvoi, and against all other dollars
far below theirs. Thus exchange, at this port. lUles from
twenty-live to thirty per cent, above any other port in
China."
I introduced these certificates 
Mr. HUNTER. I propose to the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island that ho and I submit the question
upon the papers he and I have read.
Mr. SIMMON'S. I have several others. •
Mr. HUNTER. The question was so largely
debated on Saturday, and we have so little time,
that [ hoped we might decide it at once.
Mr. KING. There has been a good deal of
discussion on this subject; and I wish to inquire
if either of these gentlemen can tell how much
money goes out of the Treasury to pay the salary
of the minister to China?
Mr. TOOMBS. That depends on the exchange
entirely.
Mr. KING. I want to know how much it took
for the salary last year?
Mr. TOOMBS. It was the salary and ex-
change.
Mr. KING. Can the Senator from Georgia
say how much that was?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. KING. How much ?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot state exactly what
was the rate of exchange; but the minister to
China was paid in the value of our gold currency.,
and he was allowed the exchange established by
trade—that is to say, the mere expense of getting
it there. The Senator will see that the circular
provides that he is to get that, and nothing but
that. The whole discretion left in the Depart-
ment, is to see whether he charges the tiue rate
of exchange or not—that is to say, the true ex-
pense of transporting the money to him. If he is
paid mgold dollars, he geta so many les3 dollars,
