1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
because the silver dollar is more valuable than the
gold. He may take it 111 any currency he pleases;
but he lias to take it according to its value, as
valued by our gold currency, our gold dollar; and
then he has, in addition, the expense of getting
that to the place where he resides, and that is
regulated by the actual rate of exchange-—that is,
■what trade has made it.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Rhode Island,
the other day, said it took §20,000 to pay $ 12,000.
The object of my inquiry was, through all these
ramifications and circumlocutions about the mode
of payment, to see whether anybody could say
how many dollars went out of the Treasury to
pay it. I want to know how many dollars it
costs to pay the minister to China.
Mr. SIMMONS. I presented here, on Satur-
day, certificates showing the rates paid on the
drafts drawn for these salaries, and they varied
from forty-tw® per cent, discount to twenty-four
per cent, discount. At forty-two it is abo.ut one
hundred and seventy-one cents for every dollar
we pay; and one of them was at sixty per cent.;
That would be one hundred and sixty-six and
two thirds cents for every dollar that goes to-
ward the salary, and on a$12,000 salary it would
make just 820,000.
Mr. KING. Was that amount paid ?
Mr. SIMMONS. That was in the year 1857.
In the latter part of 1858, when business was
very dull, owing to the revulsion, exchange came
down to twenty-four per cent. The reportmade
by theTreasury Department, which I read, shows
how this varied. 1 had a conversation with a
China merchant, this morning, who explained to
me the mode of keeping accounts there, and the
extreme variations in exchange. It ofterrvaries
twenty per cent, in a single week. My object is
not to embarrass anybody on this bill; but to
provide that we shall pay in the legal coin of the
United States, not the arbitrary value fixed on
foreign coin, in foreign currency, that may vary
twenty per cent, in a week. I will state, for the
information of the Senate, the mode in which this
China currency is regulated.
The only legal currency in China is a copper
coin, which they call cash. That is all the le al
currency there is there; and the common dollar
that is the circulating medium is not the legal cur-
rency, but the medium of trade. The price of
the silver dollar that circulates there, in these
copper coins, is from twelve to eighteen hundred
in the dollar, according as they are in demand or
not. All accounts in China are rendered in so
many taels. When you get an invoice of teas
from China, they say they pay twenty taels a
measure; and a- measure is thirty-thre6 and one
third-pounds; and these taels, when the account
was first established, represented the dollar of
currency in the country. The last advice from
China is, thut it requires one hundred and nine-
teen of the Carolus dollars to buy one hundred
taels. There is no steadiness in the market; and
our ministers are paid in this variable currency,
which varies from time to time.
I have no disposition to reduce the pay of men;
but I say, as a principle, we should pay our offi-
cers in one coin all over the world, in our own
coin; and we ought to be at the expense of re-
mitting that coin to them where they do the work;
but as to making it their interest to sell their drafts |
whenever this variation is against them, it is not j
proper. We shall never carry our currency into |
circulation anywhere, when it is the interest of j
every agent we have, in every country m the ■
world, to have it depreciated as much as possi-
ble; because, the more it depreciates, the more
they get for their salary. This reform was rec-
ommended by a former Secretary of the lreas-
ury; and I had supposed there would be no ob-
jection to it. It will probably cost fifty or sixty
thousand dollars to pay this exchange. 1 see
there is an appropriation in the bill of $40,0110.
I certainly have no feeing about this subject.
I did notkno w, when I was speaking on Saturday,
who was minister to China. I will say now that
the man has been changed without my attention
having been called to it. I am assured by two old
China merchants that the last quotations of the
Carolus dollar are six shillings and nine pence to
the dollar—a penny more than I stated the othei
day—so that you get less than three doilais for a
pound sterling m Shanghae, ^hen you draw on
England. The intrinsic value of the Carolus dol
lar is about six cents and four mills above our
gold standard, and yet we are paying from sixty
to seventy per cent, premium on it. 1 think every-
body ought to be willing to have a uniform mode
of payment to the officers of the Government. I
stated on Saturday, and I think nobody contro-
verted it, that when we appointed a minister to
go abroad with $12,000 salary, a contract is made
to pay him in the gold coin of the United States;
that is the law. Any expense of transportation
so as to get the money to him, I am_willing to
provide for; but as to paying $1 75 for a dollar,
there is no reason for it. I hope that the vote will
be reconsidered; and on that question I ask for
the yeas an.d nays.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
call for the yeas and nays o'n the motion to recon-
sider, as it seems we have to reopen the bill to
correct the error pointed out by the Senator from
Louisiana. I hope, by general consent, we shall
reconsider it, and decide these two points; and 1
submit to the Senator from Rhode Island whether
it would not be as well to take the sense of the
Senate on his amendment without further debate ?
I am very anxious to close this bill, and send it
to the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
reconsider,
Mr. PUGH. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. HUNTER. That carries the bill with it.
Mr. PUGH. I want to carry the bill with it.
The motion was not agreed to.
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Will the Senate reconsider the vote passing
the bill ?
Mr. TOOMBS and Mr. HALE called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes thirty-four, noes not
counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thfe question
now is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to reconsider the vote
on the engrossment of the amendments and the
third'reading of the bill, so as to get back to the
stage where an amendment may be made.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now offer the amendment
I moved on Saturday.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 .think the other comes m
order first.
Mr. SIMMONS. No; I made this motion to
reconsider, so as to offer the amendment. I mod-
ify the amendment as I offered it on Saturday, by
striking out the allowance for exchange.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlni provided father, That the salaries provided for in
this section, and the salaries and compensation ol a I other
officers provided for m this act, shall be computed m 'he
ieiral cuirency of the United States; and in no case shall
there be any allowance to any officer upon any draft drawn
by tjtni for his salary.
Mr HUNTER. As I understand, that cuts
out any allowance of the cost of getting the money
'''Mr. TOOMBS. This no more gets rid of the
difficulties of this inequality, than the amend-
ment which the Senator moved as to the ten per
cent. It is still unequal. If you give a minister
in Austria, for instance, $12,000, as you do, 1
believe, by this amendment, in the money of the
United States, which is rather more valuable than
the money of Austria, he can actually buy for it
there a bill of exchange, payable in a better cur-
rency, at a premium. So he gets more money
than the §12,000. It is different in a far-off coun-
try like China. Distance is one element of natural
exchange, laying aside the difference in money.
As to your minister toPekin, this is the first time
you are sending one there. Hitherto you have
sent your ministers to reside at Shanghae. Since
vour late treaty, you send him to Pelan. He is
there in thS country; he wants the money. Is it
the object of the Senator to change the mode of
paying foreign ministers which has existed from
the beginning of the Government, and make him
put hi! money in Pekm ? That is the effect of i .
If so, you make him pay the cost of getting it
there. Generally speaking, exchange is a little
less than the cost of getting the money to a par-
ticular place; but it may be more, on account of
the risk or danger. If it costs him ten or fifteen
per cent., with the risk apd distance, in exchange
and loss of interest, you reduce his salary that
much, while you pay your minister in Austria
more than his f12,000. Yet the Senator gays he
wants to pay them both $12,000 in the currency
of the United States, but he does not do it. He
fails to do it by all that difference.
The only just and equal rule js the one now
adopted at the Treasury Department., You pay
the minister, under that circular, his $12,000, and
the cost of getting it to him. If it is more cpstly
to geUyour money to a more distant country,' if
there is more difficulty and danger in getting it
there, the more you pay; but, under this amend-
ment, you take off the salary of a man just in
proportion to the difficulty of getting his money
to him. The more difficulty and the more expen-
sive it is to get his money to htm, his salary is
reduced by the amendment, although the effect,
nominally, is to give each man $f2,000 of the
money of the United States. The minister is not
here to get it. He must draw his draft or send
for it, or you must send it to him. It costs some-
thing to get it to him. If he is in distant portions
of the world, on the other side of the globe, thou-
sands and thousands of miles away, where there
is very unfrequent communication, it Jaking six
or eight months lo get there, h.e loses interest, and
has to encounter the difficulties of freight; and
instead of paving him what you affect to pay him,
$12,000, you'deduct what it costs to get the money
to him. < 
If you are going to alter the system,that is not
the true basis of alteration. You are departing
from the rule of justice to a rule of injustice. Take
the consul general at Canada a near place to us;
or take the minister to Mexico, where he can get
his money from the United States probably in
less than ten days at the natural exchange, and
the risk and insurance and cost of the transporta-
tion of the coin. You may get it to him for one
or two per cent.; and if you give him $12,000,
he gets 812,000, less this diminished exchange.
Now, take the minister in China. He loses six
or eight months' interest in the first place, for he
cannot draw his salary until it is due. Besides
making him lose several months' interest, yoij
now propose to increase the $isadvantages_ of his
position. Mr. Guthrie, in this report which the
Senator has crammed from for this discussion,
tells us that the system of which the Senator
complains has been the uniform practice.. He
says:
" But the mode of transacting the business and adjust-
in" the accounts have their commencement with the Gov-
ernment, and the indirect sanction of Congress, by appro-
priations, to cover these losses on exchange, it was deemed
pioper to submit it to Congress for their consideration ana
action."
Then you are going to alter the system on
which your salaries have been based, upon some
of which the Government actually gains, accord-
ing to this very book, by the present rule. The
Government gains as much over twelve thousand
dollars as exchange is in our favor, or as our gold
dollar is above the unit of Austria, or Prussia, or
wherever the minister happens to be. In other
countries, for instance in China, it is different;
exchange is the other way. The Senator from
Rhode Island tells us that everybody has an in-
terest in it. I should suppose they had not the
slightest interest in the world. All the laws of
this country will never alter exchange in China.
You may pass a statute-book full of them; you
may get the Senator from Rhode Island to frame
them, and every law he can frame and the Senate
can pass, from now to the day of judgment, will
not effect the exchange between China and Lon-
don a single particle.
Mr. FOOT. It is evident that the discussion
on this bill will occupy the day from present m-
, dications. I move, "therefore, to postpone the •
< further consideration of this bill and all prior or-
ders for the time being, with a view to proceed to
i the consideration of the bijl to facili tate the acqui-
sition of the Island of Cuba, m order to give the
| opportunity to my colleague, [Mr. Coilamek,]
who took the floor on that bill on Thursday last,
i to be heaid upon it at this time. At the conclusion
j of his remarks, I presume it will be the sensei ot
j tj,e Senate to resume the consideration of the bill
| now before us.
! Mr. SLIDELL. I do not wish to be understood
; as at all giving consent to any such arrangement.
