1178
,THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
I am perfectly willing this bill should now be
postponed: and I desire that the Senator from Ver-
mont should g@ on to-day; but it is evident that
if we are to arrive at a vote on the Cuba bill, the
discussion must bo closed to-day or to-morrow.
1 hope, that when it is once taken up, no other
business will be entertained by the Senate until it
is disposed of; and I give notice that, so faras my
efforts will go, I shall endeavor to bring the Sen-
ate to a final vote on that question to-morrow,
and, if it be necessary, in the night, if we cannot
get through with it in the course of the day.
Mr. HUNTER. I regret extiemely to do any-
thing that may interfere with the wishes of the
Senator from Vermont in regard to addressing the
Senate on this question; but it is obvious that if
the appropriation bill be passed by now, it is un-
certain when it will ever be resumed again. I
believe we have reached that period of the session
when it is my duty to press the appropriation bills
so far as I can, and, with that sense of duty, I
must ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to ask whether it cannotbe understood by
common consent that we will vote on the bill now
under consideration without further debate.
Mr. KING. It cannot be understood by com-
mon consent that the Cuba bill is to be'acted on
before we adjourn.
Mr WILSON. I want it understood that the
vote will not be taken for some days, until a large
*humber of speeches be made on the subject; and
we shall take time to make them.
Mr. SLIDELL. Senators on the opposite side
do not understand me. I ask, cannqt the vote bo
taken on the consular and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill without further discussion?
Mr. KING. That I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot control gen-
tlemen.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire not to interpose
on the subject. If the Senate really wish to
take the vote on the appropriation bill, very
well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone the considera-
tion bf the present bill and all prior orders to take
up the bill (S. No. 497) making appropriation to
facilitate the acquisition of the Island of Cuba by
negotiation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 31, as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bigler, Brndcnck, Brown, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collaiaer, Crittenden, Dixon, l)oo-
little, Fosseuden, Foot, Foster, Houston, JuIiumhi of'i'en-
ncPHuc, Mallory, Pugh, Itico, Simmon*;, Slide!!, Thompson
ot'Kentucky, Trumbull, and Wade—*24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bales, Bayard, Bright, Chesnut,
Clay, Clingmnn, Douglas, Duikee, Fitch, FitKputriek,
Gu-ert, Ibtlr, Hamlin, Hammond, Harlan, Hunter, lvt-'rsoa,
. Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, King. Mason, Held, Sebastian,
Sewaid, Smith, Stuart, Tooinbs, Ward, ami Wilson—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to the appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this amendment will
be adopted, not because I desire that the salaries
of tlie ministers who arc abroad should be re-
duced; for I am not sufficiently advised to know
whether that would be proper, but because I think
it should appear upon the face of the law what
salary we pay. I am little surprised that theSen-
ator from Georgia, who is usually in favor of
doing tilings openly and above board, should ad-
vocate a kind of system which makes it impos-
sible for us to tell what salary a man receives.
Now, let us pay "our foreign ministers in the
currency of the United States, and if the minister
to China ought to have $12,000, or $20,000, or
$40,000, make it so; but do not leave it to the
uncertain arrangements of bills of exchange, that
he shall make a profit on the amount paid him by
drawing a bill for it. If the amount paid is too
small, raise it to a sufficient sum; but here you
leave a margin by this system by which officers,
perhaps, may make a little speculation. It does
seem to me that we ought to pay our ministers in
the legal coin of our own country, and pay them
an adequate sum, and not allow them to draw a
draft of $12,000, and then pay twenty per cent,
premium, or forty per cent. Therefore I hope
the amendment will be adopted, and upon that
question, as I do not see the Senator from Rhode
Island in his seat, I hope we may have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, TOOMBS. I do not wish to delay the Sen-
ate a moment; bat I do not want the Senator to
bring my position into a different one which
grows out of his not comprehending the principle
at all. The present rule is just as certain a one
as it is possible to have. I say, that to pay a man
his salary in the country where he is to expend
it, is the right principle; but that is not a fixed
quantity. What it costs to put it there is a vari-
able quantity. I have already shown that the
Government gains by it sometimes; and the rule is
a fixed one, and a good one. It is not bnly an old
one, but a good one.. I say again, the question
is whether you will pay the man the cost of car-
rying the money to the country where he lives,
or make him pay it ? Your ministers do not get
the same salary if you pay them the same num-
ber of gold dollars at the Treasury, because, as I
endeavored to explain, one is in a country where
the cost of converting our currency is not more
than one half of one per cent., while another is
where it is twenty per cent. One half of one per
cent, would come off the salary of one, and off that
of the other theie would come twenty per cent. If
I were abroad in England, and had to pay a debt
in New York, I must send the money there, or
pay the expense of carrying it there. If you
pay a man in a foreign country, you must send
your money there or provide for it. Do you pay
a colonel of the Army in Oregon at the Treasury ?
That would be unjust, for the colonel in Wash-
ington city would get his five thousand gold dol-
lars; but it he were in Oregon, it might cost him
five percent, to get his money; and therefore you
would pay to colonels in the Army different rates.
A clerk draws $2,000, and gets his $2,000; but if
you pay to a man in Oregon from your Treasury
here the same number of dollars, without providing
for the cost of carrying the money, you take that
much off his salary. It is a simple question,
whether the Government will pay the cost of
putting the money there, or the man himself?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how it is as
certain now as it would be if we had a fixed
amount paid out of the Treasury. There is not
one man in ten thousand who can tell you how
much money it takes out of the Treasury to pay
the salary of the minister at Constantinople. I
doubt if the Senator from Georgia can tell to-day
how many dollars it will take from the Treasury
to pay it. He knows that we pay a certain salary,
and then we pay the expenses incurred 
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator will allow mo to
interrupt him. If I owe $1,000, payable in New
Orleans, how many dollars will it take to pay it ?
Is that a certain sum ? I am herein Washington
city, with $1,000 in my pocket, will that pay my
$1,000 due in Now Orleans? It will take me
$1,000, and the cost of getting it there.
! Mr. TRUMBULL. It may cost something to
j get it there; but if he lias $1,000 payable in New
Orleans, of course the contract compels him to
! pay it iliere; but I would pay our ministers in
! this country the amount that is due them, and let
them get it wherever they want the money. Let
that be a private transaction; and let them draw
i for it, if they please. If the amount we pay is
not enough, increase it. Some gentlemfen may
have some knowledge of what the ordinary ex-
penses of this transfer may be; but 1 would prefer
to pay a fixed sum. 1 want the people of this
country to know how much they pay to a min-
ister at Constantinople, or a minister at Pekin.
They do not know by this system.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to appeal to the Senate
to let us tfike a vote. This question has been
argued until argument is exhausted. Let us dis-
pose of this bill, and send it to the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting after the words, "United States,"
the words, " and paid in the several countries to
which the minister, consul, or other officer, is
accredited," so that it will read:
Jind provided further, That the salaries provided for in
this section, and -the salaries and compensation of all other
officers provided fot in tins act, shall be computed m the
legal currency of tiie United Slates, and paid in the several
countries to which the minister, consul, or other officer is
accredited; and in no ca^e shall theie be any allowance to
any officer on any diaft drawn by lnm for his s>alary.
The object of my amendment is simply to sub-
ject the United States to the expense of getting
the coin to the foreign country, instead of the
minister.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection what-
ever to that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now, I understand we
are to pay the amount of the salary in the coun-
try where the minister is resident, [" That is it."]
and of course, we are to be at the expense of
transporting it there. [" Yes."] That, I think,
ia right.
Mr. GREEN. If that is the effect of the amend-
ment as now amended, it is wrong; for it is our
duty tcf make the payment at the place where the
officer is located. That is the present law, with-
out this amendment. It is the present practice
and the present law. I will state that the reason
why I object to this amendment, and why it
ought to be voted down. Under tho law as it now
stands, the contract is to pay the officer wherever
he is located, and to incur the expense of getting
the money to that place. That money is got to
the location ordinarily through drafts in a com-
mercial exchange. rIhe Department authorizes
the minister to draw on London, Liverpool, or
Paris, just as the course of trade shows it to be
for the interests of the Government to permit him
to draw. This is all right and proper; but the
Attorney General decided under the law as it now
is, that if a minister, in the course of trade, can
sell a draft at a premium, he must account for that
premium and pay it into the Treasury. Adopt
this amendment and the consequence will be that
wherever it is sold at a loss, the Government will
have to foot the bill, and wherever it is at a pre-
mium the minister will put it in his pocket. The
law as it now is, is equitable, fair, and just. If
it can be sold at a premium, let him account for
it; he ought to get no more than the salary. If it
is sold at less, he ought to be paid the deficiency.
The law is better as it is, and the amendment
ought to be voted down entirely.
Mr. SIMMONS. One word. Under this
amendment, a man abroad who has a salary, has
his choice to draw on the Treasury or take the
money in the country where he is. That is the
whole of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brodeuck. Cameron, Chandler,
Claik. Coilamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, JDoohttlo, Dur-
kee, FesaendeivFoot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy,
King, Pughj Seward, Simmons, Tiumbull,YVade, and Wil-
son—21.
NWS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard,Benjamin, Bigler,
Cliesnut, Clay, Clingman, Douslas, Fitcii, Fita'patrick,
Green,Gvvin, Hale, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iver.son,
Jones, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian,
Shields, Sli(icll, Smith, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, and Ward—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move to reconsider the
amendment adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] for the purpose of offer-
ing, when the reconsideration is had, an amend-
ment defining more strictly the intention of that
provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
' ment which the Senator proposes to reconsider
will be read.
Mr. SLIDELL. Is it open to amendment now
without consideration ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is necessary
to reconsider it.
Mr. SLIDELL. So I supposed.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to insert after line sixteen:
Provided, That no other embassador, envoy extraordi-
nary, minister plenipotentiary, minister resident, commis-
sioner, diplomatic repiesentative,or charg6 d'affaires, bhall
be entitled to any compensation during the said fiscal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The .question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
concurred in this amendment, which was made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. &LIDELL. As tho Senate was not full at
the time I made my former, statement, and there
are many Senators now present who were not in
then, I wish to state what the object of the recon-
sideration is. I have no objection at all to the
provision offered by the Senator from Ohio, pro-
vided it be qualified by adding the words, " out of
' the preceding appropriation;" so that it will read:
Provided, That no other embassador, envoy extraordi-
