1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
narv, minister plenipotentiary, minister resident, commis-
sioner, diplomatic representative, or charge d'affaires, shall
be entitled to any compensation, during the said fiscal year,
out of the preceding appiopriation.
The object of that amendment is to leave intact,
as 1 said before, the system which has existed
without interruption since the year 1810. It was
then made a general law, applicable in all future
time; and it has not been modified, changed, or
, repealed, since. It had been the subject of annual
legislation before that period; but since 1810, it
has been the fixed system of the country. It is
to allow a certain sum of money to be applied to
the contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
and the contingent expenses of foreign missions,
entirely at the discretion of the Executive, to be
accounted for by him—in cases where the public
interest will permit that the manner in which the
money has been expended shall be communicated
to Congress—^by presenting the vouchers, but in
cases where the money has been expended for
objects that it would be improper to communi-
cate, then the money is drawn from the Treasury
upon the simple certificate of the President, and
lie is under no obligation to give any account of
it. The effect of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio, unaccompanied by the pro-
vision I seek to attach to it, would be to take from
the President the power that every President has
enjoyed since the establishment of this Govern-
ment the right of having a certain sum of money
to be applied under certain circumstances for ex-
igencies in the public service not contemplated,
and which could not have been anticipated at the
period of the passage of the law, at his discretion.
Mr.PUGH. I will only say that, if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana is adopted, I
should like to withdraw mine, for it will be all
nullified and made of no use.
Mr. HALE. I would rather give what the
Senator from Louisiana asks for in amoie direct
manner. I do not know how far the doctrine of
transfers of appropriations is applied in the va-
rious Departments; but I do know that when Con-
gress have said, in the most emphatic language
that could be used, that no part of the money ap-
propriated by a certain bill should be applied to
pay certain things, (he Departments have found
another fund that was not expended, which they
have transferred. The effect of this amendment,
qualified as the Senator from Louisiana proposes,
will be simply to say that there shall be no extra
allowance paid out of one fund, but that they may
be paid out of another. That will be the mean-
ing of it. I am not clear that I would not be will-
ing to agree to an amendment such as suggested
by the Senator from Louisiana, that this should
not be construed to limit the discretion of the
President in the use of his contingent fund.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will accept the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. Then I have no objection to it.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let the amendment be m this
form:
Provided, This provision shall not be so construed as to
control m any degree the disbursements of the contingent
fund under the authority of the President.
Mr. PUGrH. I have no objection to that.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to amend it by add-
ing:
Provided, That nothing herein contained slialt be so con-
strued as in any maimei to contlol tiic d^cretion of the
President in the disbursement of the contingent fund.
Mr. HUNTER. Say, " the appropriation for
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse."
Mr. SLIDELL. "And foreign missions."
Mr. HUNTER. No, not foreign missions;
that is a different thing.
Mr. DAVIS. I 'think the appropriation is not
for contingent expenses. The appropriation is
a fund to provide for foreign intercourse.
Mr. COLLAMER.
form:
Provided. That nothing in this act shall be so construed
as to interfere with the disbursement of the contingent fund
at the disposition of the President.
Mr. SLIDELL. That will do.
Mr. PUGH. I accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio accepting the amendment, the ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment as modi-
fied.
1179
Mr. SLIDELL. Let it be read.
<■  The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That no other embassador, envoy extraordi-
nary, minister plenipotentiary, minister resident, commis-
sioner, diplomatic representative, or charg6<i'affaires, shall
oe entitled to any compensation during the said fiscal year:
And, provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed
to interfere with the disbursement of the contingent fund
at the disposition of the President.
Mr. SLIDELL.
Say " the appropriation for
contmgent'expenses of foreign intercourse;" that
is the language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
amended in that form.
The amendment*was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. As we have got this bill back. I
think. I will try my former amendment in a (Af-
ferent shape. I move to strike out from line eight
to line sixteen, and insert:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary of the United States,
at Great Butain, France, Russia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico,
and China; for salaries of ministers resident at Austria,
Prussia, Chili. Peru, Portugal, Naples, Saidtnia, Holland
Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, New Granada, Venezuela
and the Argentine Confederation ; for salaries of commis-
sioners to the Sandwich Inlands and to Paiaguay,® :
Provided, Ibat no embassador, envoy, minister, commis-
sioner, or charge d'affaires, other than those named in this
act, shall receive any compensation during the said fiscal
year; but the duties as minister resident at Switzerland,
Rome, Belgium, Buenos Ayres, Bolivia, Ecuador, Gua-
temala, Nicaragua, C'osta Rica, and Honduras, may be
performed by such envoy, minister, or commissioner ac-
credited to a neighboring Power, as the President shall
designate, in pursuance of the ninth section of the act reg-
ulating the diplomatic and consular service, approved
August 18,1856. '
I will only say, that if that amendment be adopt-
ed, the utmost stretch of authority or abuse under
it will, nevertheless, retrench about thirty-one
thousand dollars in these expenditures, and with
any reasonable and fair exercise of the power, it
will save $50,000. The ninth section of the act of
1856, gives fifty per cent, of the salary during
the time of actual employment; and if the Pres-
ident should accredit them the whole twelve
months of the year to neighboring Powers, and
give them fifty percent, of the highest salary that
could be given by law, the saving would, never-
theless, be $31,000. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With what
sum does the Senator propose to fill the blank £
Mr. PUGH. We adopted an amendment the
other day, and afterwards filled the blank. I do
not think it is material. The reduction will be
$31,000 off the estimate. The Secretary can'insert
that. Deduct $31,000 from $204,000. The saving,
at the outside, wilt be $3,000 m Austria, $3,000
in Prussia, $2,500 in Switzerland, $2,500 in Rome,
and $2,500 in Belgium, Bolivia, Ecuador, Guate-
mala, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Honduras, re-
spectively.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderiek, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Clay, Clingman, Coilamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes-
fcenden, Foot, Foster, Ilale^ Hamhn, Harlan, Johnson of
Temie&&ee, King, rugb, Ileid, Seward, Simmons. Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Bigler, Bright,
Blown, Chesnut, Crittenden, Davisj Fitch, Fitzpatriek,
Gieen, Gwm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Rice,
fehdfill, Smith, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Ward, and
Yulce—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a-third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. KING. On the passage of the bill I call
for the yeas and nays. '
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bales, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bigler, Bright, Brown, Chesnut. Chngman, Coilamer, Crit-
tenden, Douglas, Feb&enden, Fitch, Foot, Green, Gwm,
Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Ma«on, Poik, Rice, Seward, Sli-
deil, Smith, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, and Yulee 1
the Senate. I made the motion on S'af&rday to
get rid of discussion about the order of business.
I uesire to withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to allowing the motion to-
reconsider to be withdrawn.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of proceeding with the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 497) making ap.
pronation to facilitate the acquisition of the Island'
of Cuba by negotiation.
_ The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill, the pending question being- on
the amendment offered by Mr. Foot •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
mek] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MASON. By the kind permission of the
Senator from Vermont, I ask leave to submit an
amendment, which I shall offer as a substitute for
thobill, and move that it be printed. Iusk that
it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
to strike-out all of the bill, and insert:
Be it. resolved, tyc.,, That Congress fully approves the pol-
icy tn the messageofthe President respecting the propriety
and ultimate necessity of acquiring the Island of Cuba by
the United States. That, whilst refraining, at this time,
from any committal as to future measures, which circum-
stances, whether affecting the peaceful relations of Uie two
countries, or the safety of the United States, may render
necessary, it is deemed sufficient at present only to declare
that, whenever it shall seem fit to Spain to transfer the
island, the United States will be prepared to receive it on
terms that shall he just and equitable to both countries', and
for a fair equivalent. And that, because of the position of
Cuba in the Gulf of Mexico, and more especially because
of its proximity to the coast of the United States, tin# Gov-
ernment can never remain neutral under any European or
other policy which should separate Cuba fiom the domin-
ions of Spain in favor of any foreign Power.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr! President, it has ap-
peared to rac that this bill, with the necessary con-
sequences which are involved in it, and the policy
which it initiates, is the most important measure
that has ever been presented to the consideration
of Congress since I have had any connection with
it in either House. It is not so much the mere
proposition to purchase Cuba: that is but a sin-
gle step; but, as I have said, the policy which it
involves, the great ultimate projects which neces-
sanly lie behind it, and which follow in its train
■when that step is once taken, make up the im-
portance of the measure.
Our policy in relation to Cuba has certainly-
been a very uniform one, so far as the public have
| known it; and the first thing that strikes the mind
1 in this measure, is, that it is proposed entirely to
change that policy. I say our policy has been
clear and distinct and uniform, so far, at least, as
the public have known it. I feel, Mr. President,
that I ought to verify this assertion; and I there-
fore desire now to refer to the different expres-
sions of our Government, at different periods,
when this matter has been the topic of negotiation.
Mr. Clay, during the administration of'Mr. Ad-
ams, states it thus:
NAYS—Messrs. Broderiek, Cameron, Clark, Clay. Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Hale,
Ilamhn, Hatlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pugh, tteid,
Simmons, Toombs, Tiumbull, Wade, Waid, and Wilson
—23.
So the bill was passed.
HOUR OP MEETING.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to withdraw a motion to
reconsider, which embarrassed a great many Sen-
ators. I moved to reconsider the vote by which
the hour o'f twelve was fixed for the meeting of f
"The United States are satisfied with the present condi-
tion of those islands (Cuba and Porto Rico) in the hands of
Spam, and with tiieii poits open to our cutumcicc, as they
arc now open This Government desires no political change
of that condition."
Mr. Van Buren, in writing to Mr. Van Ness
under General Jackson's administration, says:
"Your general instructions are full upon the subject of
the interest which the United States take m the fate of
thosG inlands, (Cuba and Porto Rico,) and particularly of
the former; they inform you that we are content that Cuba
should remain as it now is, but could not consent to us
transfer to any European Power."
Mr. Buchanan,under President Polk, says, in
his letter to Mr. Saunders, our Minister to Spain i
" You might assure him [the Spanish Minister for For-
eign Aflau-j that, whilst the Government is entirely satis-
fied that Cuba shall remain under the dominion of Spain,
we should m any event resist its acquisition by any other
nation."'
Mr. Everett, in his letter of December 1,1852,
says:
" A respcctful sympathy with the fortunes of an ancient
ally and a gallant people, with whom the United States
have ever maintained the most friendly relations, would, it"
no other reason existed, make it our duty to leave her m the
undisturbed possession of this little remnant of her mighty
transatlantic empire.''
Here, then, we have the expression of opinion
