1859.
The congressional globe.
itM
il y. Besides, there was a large and extensive j| Try that is contiguous to us? No. Any country)
tract of fertile country with which to replace in jj adapted to the wants of our peqple? Certainly
the Treasury ten times over the money we paid.
Did that purchase manifest any want of discrim-
ination in whatourpeople were buying, asadapted !
to their wants? Certainly not at ail. Was it not j
a country into which our people could go, and i
carry with them and build up and promote a!l the !
institutions of our own land—a country, too, not
only into which they might go, but into which
they must go, and expected to go, as they have
gone, carrying with them their wives and their
little ones, their household gods and alfr their in-*
stitutions, and there building up, all over its sur-
face, their churches, their school-houses, and
their court-houses, in which they aid in adminis-
tering those laws which they have participated in
making ?
What was the next? We obtained Florida, a
lar^e country, with a small, scattered Spanish
population. 1 am sensible that in regard to Flor-
ida, and its resources and fertility, there has been
a great deal of disappointment at almost all ages.
In 1762, our people went and took possession of \
Cuba; and four thousand of the troops who went
there, in what was called the old French war,
went from New England; and they conquered the
country, and took possession of Havana. The
very next year England surrendered it to Spain,
in exchange for Florida; for all the golden dreams
of Florida, and the expectations that there was to
be found the spring that would rejuvenate man-
kind, had not passed away; nor did all the en-
chantments round about the name of Florida
pass away until a very recent period, and per-
haps they have not now passed away entirely.
But our people obtained that country, and they
obtained it because it lay immediately adjoining
to ourselves; it was a country which we could
defend; it was a country which we could build
up; it was a country which we could assimilate
to our own.
What further acquisition have we made? We ]
acquired Texas. Texas was contiguous territory j
to ours; and, besides, it was very sparsely peo- j
pled, and therefore furnished the opportunity for
our people to Americanize that too. But that
was not all; the main leading feature #as, that
the people who were there were ours; there was
comparatively a small number of Mexicans. The |
people of Texas were hone of our bone—children j
of our families, who went there to engage m the j
Texas controveisy with Mexico; who declared j
themselves independent; who ha'd for some time \
sustained their independence, and joined them- '
selves to us at their desire. We gave no money; i
we got no land—that was left to the people of j
Texas. "We paid nothing; we got nothing, in a j
pecu _
country was; we knew what its people were; we
knew what its position was; we knew it was
adapted -to our wants; it was a country for which
we could furn'sh defense; it was a country that
could furnish defense to us whenever it was filled
up with population. The acquisition of Texas,
therefore, shows no want of discrimination in
this people in obtaining territory; that is, to ob-
tain no territoiy but such as is adapted to their
wants and their condition; such adds to our
growth, and strengthens us as a people, by ob-
laining people of the same language, the same in-
teiestTand the same attachment.
But.Mr. President,what is proposed now? In jj
the first place, it is proposed to get an island, a • >
country that is not contiguous to us, that does not |j
join us—a country into which we cannot marcn !
our army if we want to defend it—a country
which, it ever so well filled up and assimilated to .
us, could not furnish defense to us. Besides, it is ;
a country ail owned by privateindividuals; therc^ j
m no land there which our nation could obtain it ■
we bought the country, or conquered the country; ,
no land which we could sell to replace what we j
p'lid from our Treasury. There is no land we j
could e*et to give our people, either as bounties ,
to our"soldiers or inducements to our settlers— ,
nothing by which we could be^in the*process of j
Americanizing such a country. The land is all 1
in private hands now; the country is thickly pop-
ulated, for the number of people in proportion to
the square mile is as largo as it is in Viigiuia oi
in Tennessee. It is a well-inhabited country;
comparatively, a populous country. ^
Then, sir, what are we obtaining r Any coun-
adapted to the wants of our peqple? Certainly
not. Any country where our people can go to
get land to cultivate ? Certainly not at all. Any-
thing that we, as a nation, obtain that we can de-
liver to them? Nothing at all. It does not fall
within any one of that category of circumstances
which would commend a country as desirable to
us
It is sometimes said that it is wanted for our
defense. I am not much of a military man, but j
clear I am that we should take no country that ,
require^ the use of Army and of Navy to sustain '
it. I agree with Mr. Jefferson in his notions of
progress, when he said in the beginning," Noth-
ing should ever be accepted which should require
anavy to defend it." That was said by him in
the very beginning of our country. Well, sir;
what is now said about Cuba being necessary for
our defense ? It has been said over and over again,
that we have no fear, nor can we expect any dan-
ger from that country while it remains in the
hands of Spain; but that it might be a dangerous
place of deposit, and dangerous as a naval depot
in the hands of a nation of extensive naval power;
that they might find harbors of refuge for their
ships, and places for the construction of vessels,
out of which harbors they might run, to the an-
noyance of our commerce passing in and out of
the Gulf of Mexico. That may be true; but what
is such a nation ? Who are they? The real ap-
prehension our people ever have on this subject
is from England; a great naval Power. Is it dan-
gerous for us to have England in possession of
a country in which there may be naval stations,
out of which they can send a force to annoy our
commerce? W« have thought that we were go-
ing on pretty largely m our progress to prosper-
ity, and yet we have Great Britain now in pos- !
session of a country ranging two thousand miles j
aion£ our whole frontier, over which they may ;
march an army anywhere, any day; and they are
in possession of the whole coast north of us,
which commands our commerce, for all our com-
merce passing to the eastern continent by the At-
lantic goes directly along the borders of New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland. It I
is a saying among the ship officers who navigate !
the Atlantic, that when you wish to make a pros- ;
perous and successful voyage to Europe, your ,
right way is to follow the Gulf stream, to run ao ■
close as to scrape the sea-weeds off Cape Race._<
Pirectly in the train of our commerce, our vessels j
go within the reach of British harbors, out of (
which they can at any time send a force to annoy |
our commerce, but yet wc feel easy about that. |
Cuba can only be dangerous to us in the hands ,
of a powerful naval nation in time of war. In ■
1     .. XX7..1! ♦
mrv point "of view;°but we knew what the !' time of peace, it can annoy nobody. Well, then,
J 1 t t . l.   - .1 ' ..r«. u;ill hairfl At ,111(1 1
in timeof war who will have possession of Cuba? |
It is an island lying 111 the-Allantic, almost eight
hundred miles long, and, upon the average, only ;
about forty miles broad, filled with bays and in- ,
lets arid harbois on both sides, with a coast two
thousand miles i,i length around. Cannot a naval
power, as a matter of coyvse, take and hold pos- j
session of that island? Ceitainly, the most pow-
erful one will do it. If, then, we have that island,
whenever a war takes place, the most powerful
nation of the two who are engaged in it will take
possession of Cuba, as a matter of course. That
idea, then, of its being necessary to us for our de-
fense, has in it nothing in the world, in my opin-
ion. It is a mere pretext.
It appears to me, Mr. President, that if we are
ever to take ill with ourselves a country where
we do not get land for our people to settle, where
we have 110 space for them to occupy, and no op-
portunity for them to Ameiieanize, we should
stop to consider what people it is we propose to
take m. As we are not obtaining il for our ben-
efit, as we are to take nothing but the people, for
land we get none, and to take metely the sover-
eignty and political disposition of them, it would
ve'ry properly become us to stop and inquire what
sort of people it is we are going to take in. Are
they a people adapted to our institutions? Are
they a people who, if they understood those in-
stitutions, would desire them? Aie they a people
whom we should desire to have ' Inasmuch as tins
is to be a marriage into the family, the question
-is, are they adapted to come m, are they suitable
for us? , , T
Well, now, what are the people of Cuba? in
round numbers there is very little ov«r half's
million^f Spanish Creole persons there; sc few*
intelligent persons among them, but the mass of
them entirely unintelligent. In the next plate;
there are between four and five hundred thousand
slaves, and there are two hundred thousand frW
blacks. They are totally unadapted' to our condi-
tion. They have passed no apprenticeship in pop-
ular government. They have always endured Art ,
entirely absolute Government from' abroad over
them. They are undrilled, unintelligent, epea'k-
ingthe Spanish language,unacquainted with o'urs-."
Ho\V- are you going to make such a pteople as thfrf
become a part of a Society like ours', witli our*
schools, our chvfrches, our institutions of learn Frg,
our notions of popular self-government? What
are we to take them in for? To helpustoadmin:
ister our own Government ? to assist us, by their
enlightenment and power, to select a President?
to aid'us here in shaping the institutions of our
own country?
We have had two particular subjects of agita-
tion, which in recent days at least, have created
a great degree of ill-blood in this country; nor at-0
they entirely removed. These two subjects are.
first, the question of slavery, into the merits of
which I do not propose to enter, but ceitainly it is
a disturbing topic in this country; and secondly;
the great accession ot foreigners, invited if yoii
please, and coming into this country in great num-
bers, who, after very short periods of probation*,
are admitted to all the rights of citizenship, un-
educated to our institutions, and unfitted, as I
think, in a great measure, to the exercise of lhos£
powers. They certainly deeply disturb the prob-
able success of our political experiment, at least in
the most populous part of the country. At times
there have been misgivings in the minds of our
most intelligent men in relation to this experiment
of ours, especially ill our-'populous cities; and irt
a great measure this element of foreign population
is calculated to create not only disturbance, but at
times matter of alarm.
But, now, what is proposed here? Strip it of
all other circumstances, and what is there of it?
We are to say to the people of this country, a
majority of whom are in the free States, that thejf
shall contribute their portion of $30,000,000—
which is one dollar for every man,-woman, and
child in the United States—to begin to facilitate
the acquisition of Cuba. Not that that is to ob-
tain Cuba; not at all. Well, what is the purpose?
what are you going to effect by it? You want to
repeal the law against the importation of foreign
slaves so far as to allow the imporiation, at one
sweep, of four hundred thousand. There Are four
hundred thousand slaves m Cuba; and, if we take
in Cuba, we import that number of slaves into
our country. Now, I would ask gentlemen, es-
pecially those who better understand that sort of
property, as they call it propeity, to tell me, are
they really sincere? do they really believe it is
best to aggravate this disturbing topic by adding
four hundred thousand more slaves to our num-
ber to-day? and, especially, do they think it a
j very modest request, to ask the majority of the
| people of the United States, in the free States of
!j this country, to vote this money for that purpose?
I] Does that manifest any spirit of conciliation on
i their part? It has not always been peifectly easy
to convince our people that our southern friends
should be protected and preserved m the use of
their slaves as they please, without our inter-
fering at all; and that that is by virtue of the Con-
stitution. I say, it has not always been easy;
and you have not always succeeded in convincing
them of it; but gentlemen now say, " we want
you to overcome that; tell your people in New
,, England that we want them to furnish, by tifeir
i own accord, by their own votes, their share or
1 $30,000,000, to begin to try the'experiment of
importing four hundred thousand slaves at one
sweep " It is suggested to me that, when we
have invested the money, the men who now own
: the slaves own them still, and we arc riot to get
' anything Our southern friends, who desire to
get slaves, get not a single negro by it after they
have paid their money.
In the next place, there has been some aimculty
as to what we were to do with our free colored
population. If anything that we read is true in
relation to the agitation of that question in the
slaveholding States, it certainly is a very trouble-
some question with them- What more is there
