1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON, Mr. Speaker, it is utterly
impossible, in the course of one hour, for any
gentleman to debate tfye various points that arise
in this case; and it is less in my power than it is
in that of almost any other member of the House,
because, naturally, I speak slowly. I shall, there-
fore, omit many of the matters that have been
presented to the House, for the reason that it is
my purpose to press those points only which I
believe are conclusive in this case.
In what are we engaged to-day ? Are we trying
the guilt or innocence of Judge YVatrous, as the
gentleman from Georgia seemed disposed to argue?
No, sir; we are not. "VVe are only investigating the
chargesagamsthim, in oider to see whether those
charges, under the proof that is before the House,
make out a case that ought to be further inves-
tigated by the only tribunal that has power, under
the Constitution, to pass upon the guilt or inno-
cence of the paity accused. And what is Judge
Watrous doing? He is resisting, not the finding
of his guilt; he is resisting a proposition which is
pending before the House, thatne shall be trans-
ferred to the Senate, where he can be heard in
a fair, public, open trial, and where he can prove
his innocence, if innocent he be. The resolution
reported by that bianch of the committee with
which I concur, does not pass upon his guilt or
innocence. It simply proposes to impeach him
before the Senate for high crimes and misde-
meanors, and to turn him over to the only court
competent, under the Constitution, to try him.
Gentlemen say, however, that if you send him to
the Senate it is a stain upon his character. I
would like to know how much more his character
would be stained it iie were sent before the Senate
-for trial, than it is now, with these clouds and
charges hanging over him ? Why, sir, it is but
an act of justice to the party himself, if he be in-
nocent, to let him go where he can vindicate hia
honesty and prove his innocence, and stand forth
before the world without this stain upon his char-
acter.
Gentlemen have said, however, that the ex-
pense of sending him to the Senate will be great;
and that it would be wrong to send him to the
Senate, because it would consume time. Why,
sir, that is no argument. It does not affect the
merits of the case. If he ought to go to the Senate
for trial, there is no consideration of expense or
the consumption of time that ought to weigh with
us at all; but he ought to be sent before that tri-
bunal, where he might have a public trial, which
would be satisfactory to the country, to the State
of Texas, and which ought to be satisfactory to
the judge himself. The gentleman from Georgia,
however, says—and there I confess I do not un-
derstand precisely whatgound he intended to oc-
cupy—that he does not consider that this House
lifts the constitutional power to impeach, unless
it be for the violation of some law, which violation
is indictable in your courts, and punishable ac-
cordingly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is that?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot repeat what I have
said.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
stated my position ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; I was repeating
what the gentleman avowed as his opinion; and
yet the gentleman specified in the course of his
argument, that he would impeach for many things
which are not indictable under the common law,
or under any statute of the country; so that ins
inconsistency is presented to the House in a few
words.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if we cannot impeach a
judge for anything shoit of a crime, for which
he may be prosecuted, what security or protec-
tion has the country against the misconduct of a
corrupt judge: Why, sir, there is security of
some soit where the criminal laws take cogni-
zance of, and punish ofienses upon the part of a
judge; but you have no security against the thou-
sand and one things 111 which he may violate the
rights of the parties who may come before him,
and against whom he may corruptly use the ma-
chinery of his court, for which he could not be
criminally prosecuted. If the doctrine ot the gen-
tleman prevails, the judge may go scot free, and
the parties whose rights have been stricken down
must pay the penalty. And, Mr. Speaker, the
dangers of the misconduct of a judge, arising from
his malpractices in those cases which are not pro-
hibited and made punishable by the criminal laws
of the country, are much greater and more alarm-
ing than those that are thus punishable. In those
cases where the law inflicts a punishment, if he
is a bad man, he would be naturally inclined to
avoid such indictable crimes. If, however, you
establish the doctrine enunciated by the gentleman
from Georgia, you will find that all judges who
are disposed to be corrupt, will feel free from re-
straint. Such are controlled only by their fear of
punishment.
But I would like to put a few cases which seem
to me to settle that point too conclusively to re-
quire further examination. Suppose a judge
should go upon the bench drunk, unfit to dis-
charge the duties of his office: would the gentle-
man contend that he ought not to be impeached ?
Suppose a judge should speak to a lawyer who
rises to address him, " Sir, you have no right to
come into my court; I will not allow you to ap-
pear in my court." The lawyer says, "But,
your honor, I was employed to appear in this
case by Mr. A B; I am not aware that there is
any disqualification resting upon me." "Sit
down sir, you shall not appear in my court
"Why not? am I nota member of the bar?" " Mr.
Clerk, strike that man's name from the roll of
attorneys." Is that an offense for which a judge
could be prosecuted criminally 7 Certainly not.
Yet every member of this House will admit that
it is a proper case for impeachment. But why
illustrate by these supposed cases, when there are
cases, precedents, established by the House and
the Senate, which are conclusive on the point.
There is the case of Judge Peck, with charges
precisely like this, whose trial was initiated in the
House, and sustained by the House. Judge Peck
was put upon his trial before the Senate, and the
charges there investigated. It is true that two
thirds of that body did not vote to convict him,
but still the case was entertained and tried by the
Senate, and the precedent is conclusive.
Again, sir, I hold in my hand, but have not
time to read,an account of the trial of Judge Pick-
ering, of New Hampshire. There were four arti-
cles of impeachment filed in the Senate against
him. The last of the four was that he went upon
the bench in a state of in ebriation—when he was
drunk; you could not indict a judge for that.
There is no law in this country under which you
could ind ict a judge for getting drunk or appearing
upon the bench drunk; yet the House of Represen-
tatives, by an almost unanimous vote, sus'ained
the articles of impeachment, and the Senate con-
victed him by a vote of nineteen to six or seven
upon that charge. So it appears that Judge Pick-
ering was impeached by the House, upon that vuth
other articles, convicted by the Senate, and dis-
missed from his office. Can fuither aigument be
necessary? I presume not.
Another question upon which I will say a word
or two, has arisen in the course of this debate; it
is this: My friend from New York, before me,
[Mr. Clark,] argued thar this o.-.se should not
be sent to the Senate upon anything short of ab-
solute proof sufficient to convict him before the
Smate. He contends that the same proof which
would be required to convict him in the Senate,
would be necessary in this House to send htm to
the Senate for trial. This, Mr. Speaker, is a new
doctrine in this country; it je a new constiuction
of that clause of the Constitution relating to im-
peachment. I refer that gentleman to the case of
Judge Peck, where the gentleman who were de-
fending the judge as well as those who were
urging his impeachment,agreed that when there
was probable cause for prosecution, probable
ground of guilt, the Houseshould impeach. The
argument of Mr.- Wirt upon that occasion is con-
clusive upon this question. He there took the
ground that the action of this House was similar
to that of a erand jury; that while the investiga-
tion of the House was not necessarily ex parte,
the office of the House of Representatives was
not to ascertain whether the party was guilty or
innocent of the charges preferred against him, but
whether the proof was sufficient to make the case
worthy of a further hial.
Why.sir, if the office of this House was to as-
certain the guilt or innocence of the party, where
would be tlie necessity of a trial in the'Senate?
I ask the gentleman from New York seriously, if
his view of the duty of the House is the correct
one, and was so intended by the framers of the
Constitution, why send the case to >the Senate
at ail, why not try it here? Why go to the ad-
ditional expense and trouble of requiring the-Sen-
ate to try him a^ain ? Sir, as conclusive proof that
the gentleman is wrong, I need only refer to .the
fact that when a case goes from here to the Sen-
ate for trial, the members of that body resolve
themselves,under a constitutional requirement,
into a court; they, for that trial, become judges.
They are called up and sworn to try the case as
judges, and a two-thirds vote is necessary to con-
vict. So that the gentleman must be mistaken. I
put this case: suppose, in an investigation in this
House, there was a contrariety of evidence, a con-
flict of proof, so that it embarrassed the minds of
gentlemen to determine on which side was the
preponderance: I would like to know what we
should do in that case? Here are witnesses who
prove charges against the judge which ought to
cause his impeachment; here are other witnesses
who swear differently; and in that condition of
things the case is brought before the House. The
minds of members may very well be m doubt;
and yet will you turn that judge loose upon the
country with that cloud hanging over his integ-
rity, and tell the people of his district that they
must have their rights adjudicated by him ? Would
my friend from New York [Mr. Clark] have a
judge sit upon his life, his liberty, or his rights
of property, when the testimony of respectable
men (as is true of the case before us) showed the
fact that he was corrupt, notwithstanding there
might be proof, tp a greater or lesser extent, ot a
counter character?
Now, sir, the true rule is this, not that the
House, as a mere grand jury, should hunt up its
evidence from one side, itisourduty to get such
evidence, if we can, as will present the true state
of the case; not that we should go to the prose-
cutor alone, or to the other side alone, but that
it is the duty of the committee, as it is the duty
of the House, to examine into the truth of the
case; to send for witnesses that they believe
know the truth, and will tell the truth; and when
those witnesses show a fair, probable ground of
impeachment to exist, to send the case to the Sen-
ate, where the party may be fairly put upon his
trial, and vindicated if innocent, or punished if
guilty. My doctrine is that in a trial before this
House—such a one as we arc now engaged in—
if doubt rests upon my mind, I should give the
benefit of that doubt in favor of an outraged and
injured people, in favor of a trial; and the very
doubt which I would give here in favor of putting
the party upon trial before the only court in which
he can be tried, would induce me, were I a Sen-
ator, to acquit him. You cannot try the case in
this House; and if you turn the party loose upon
a mere balance of testimony, his character is not
vindicated, and he is not m a condition to try
causes. He ts only in a condition to be brought
before the House again, and have his case reex-
amined. If is the duty of the House, where there
is shown to be a fair ground of an offense, such as
is impeachable, to impeach the party accused.
I admit, Mr. Speaker, as a general rule, that a
judge has the right to purchase and sell land, as
other persons have; but I want you, and I want
my friend from New York, [Mr. Clark,] who
sits near me, to tell me by the vote he shall give
upon this resolution, whether Judge Watrous
should not be impeached if he were to buy land the
title of which was in litigation before hiscourt?
Mr. CLARK, of New York.^ If he did, he
would have disqualified himself from deciding the
title.
Mr. HOUSTON. He would have disqualified
himself for the performance of a portion of his
duty, and my friend would sayimpeach him
for it." If that is true, (and I am satisfied 1 do not
misunderstand hnn,) I would like him to tell me
the difference in principle between the two cases.''
What is the difference between'the caso where the
property is then in litigation before the court of
which he is judge, and the case where the parties
(as I think 1 will show of the case under discus-
sion) agreed, at the time of the purchase, thatthe
case should be brought into litigation in his court?
I assimulate this case to one where a judge goes
upon the bench drunk. In that case he ought to
be impeached. Why? Because he disqualifies
