100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15*
himself for the 'discharge of his duties; and be-
cause he brings disrepute upon his court. .The
judge who enters_ into a speculation of land, the
title of which is disputed, and disputed upon the
same ground that trie large mass of the real estate
of the country is disputed, he disqualifies himself
to that extent for the discharge of his duties; and
'being thus disqualified by his own act, he still
holds his office and receives the emoluments. I
assert that a judge has no rightto disqualify him-
self by either mode; and if he should do so he
shtfuld be impeached.
But gentlemen say that Judge Watrous did dis-
qualify himself. All agree that he bought the
land; and the question is, what was the condition
of the title when he bought it? Read Judge Wat-
rous 's own statement. He tells you, on the sec-
ond page of his lastmemorial to this Ilouse, when
replying to what the committee had reported, that
a reason why there was great trouble in his office
was, that—
" Its land titles were involved in controversy by the cir-
cumstances attending the transition of the State fiom
dependence to independence, and by the supervening ne-
cessity for the reconcilement of the coded of proprieraiy
concessions under the Crown of Spain ; of colonization
under the authority of the Mexican Republic ; of revolu-
tionary and head-right or settlcmentgrants by the Republic
or State of Texas."
If you will examine the evidence, you will find
that Lapsloy swears that, when this purchase was
made, he expected litigation. In answer to ques-
tions, he says, (p. 120:)
i( Question. When you purchased, you were aware, of
course, that it would he necessary to bring suits in order to
eject the persons on the land?
foinsu-cr. Yes. air; I understood that there were men who
wrre called squatters on the land. Mr. League spoke ot
them as being on the land.
" Question. Was it; contemplated, at that time, that suits
were to bo biought?
" JUnswcr. Yes, sir; I calculated that suits would become
necessary."
Look atLeague's evidence. He says, (p. 212:)
" Question. Did you expect any litigation ?
" Jinswcr. I expect litigation on everything.
" Question. You expected litigation?
" w9m-«>cr. I did not know but that there might be liti-
gation.
" Question. Because of the uncertainty of titles, and by
reaeon of locations ?
" Jlnswcr. Yes, sir; if you go out. before your letuin yon
Will have some squatters upon youi land,"
He uses a strong figure—if a man should leave
his land, before he returns he would find some
squatter upon his land. Colonel Lapsley says
expressly, and in all the vnrious places where he
has been examined he continues to repeat, not-
withstanding great efforts wore made to get him
to say otherwise, that he expectod litigation when
he bought the land. If the parties expected it,
(and that cannot be doubted,) there can be no
difference between this case and the one which
the gentleman from JNTew York says would be im-
peachable.
Theic is another circumstance. What was the
condition of (his land, at the date of the purchase?
Here was a land grant of eleven leagues of land.
Ordinarily, there are about forty-right thousand
acres of land m a league. Judge Hughes swears
that there were about twenty thousand acres more
than that, m this grant, making it nearly seventy
thousand acres. And what was given for it? Seven
thousand dollars for seventy thousand acres of
line, rich Texas land, together with some ten thou-
sand acres of land scrip or ceitiOeatns '
Now sir, that $7,000 would have been repaid
by the landscup which accompanied the sale,
and which was sold and transferred to the Laps-
loy company with the land, so that the land was
bought virtually for nothing. Why, then, was it
that Nathaniel F. Williams, being the brother of
Mrs. St. John, understanding the titles of Texas
lands and the value of Texas l^nds, should have
sold sixty or seventy thousand acres of land and
the land scrip I have spoken of, belonging to
his sister, for $7,000, when the land scrip itself
would probably have repaid the purchase money,
or the most of it? There is something in that
which shows that there was no confidence in the j
title, and that those acquainted with it could not
believe it was a good one. ;
Gentlemen say thatif Judge Watrous knew at the
time of the purchase that suits were to be brought
in his court, then he ought to be* impeached. I
understood the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis j to attempt to draw a distinction in regard
to the time when the interest of Judge 'Watrous
accrued; but that can make no difference in prin-
ciple. I understood him to say that if we could
establish the fact that at the time of the purchase,
and as a part of the consideration, it was under-
stood that Judge Watrous was to use the ma-
chinery of his court for the purpose of advancing
the speculation and getting the case out of Texas,
then ne ought to be impeached. Now, a word as
to that. Can there be any difference in the cases
because of the fact of such understanding having
been had at the time of the contract, and its having
been had afterwards? If Judge Watrous had gone
into that trade saying, " you may bring the suits
in ray court, and I will transfer them to New Or-
leans, so as to avoid a trial before a Texan jury,"
he would have well deserved to be impeached.
Suppose the trade had been made honestly; sup-
pose it had been made without reference to the
use of his court, but that, after the transaction
was concluded, the parties should have concluded
that it would advance their interests to bring the
suits In Judge Watrous's court, and Judge Wat-
rous had assented to that: what difference would
there be in the degree of criminality ? The charge
is, that Judge Watrous gave the use of his court
corruptly; in the one case, for his interest in the
land; in the other case, for the purpose of ad-
v^icing the interests of the partnership. The con-
sideration was the advancement of his own spec-
ulation, and the security of the title which he had
thus acquired. It is all true that the legal title
having been vested in a citizen of another State,
that person had the right to sue in the Federal
court of Texas. But, suppose the proof shows
that, while that must be acknowledged as a right,
it was talked over between the judge and the other
parties, and that the judge agreed to, and acqui-
esced in, the understanding that suits were to be
brought in his own court for his benefit; then, I
say, the bargain is as corrupt as if it had been
the understanding ab initio.
Mr.''BARKSDALE. I desire to ask whether
there is any proof of that?
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel satisfied that I can
show the fact conclusively proven. I will not
ask the House to rely on my word for it. I will
refer to the pages where the proof is to bo found.
Gentlemen will find it in Lapsley's testimony,
(pp. 12G, 128, 132, 147, 148, arid 149;) also, a
corroborationm Love's testimony,(pp. 335, 336;)
and in League's, (p. 213.) I will read a para-
graph or two, at the risk of losing the time which
perhaps I ought to appropriate to other branches
of the subject. I regard this as an important
point in the case—a controlling point. I have
stated my grounds broadly, and I wish to sustain
them by reference to the proof.
Aside from this reference, will the gentleman
from Mississippi,[Mr. Barksdale,] who, I know,
desires to obtain the facts as they exist—as 1 hope
we all desire m this matter—bear with me till I
call his attention to a letter written by Mr. Laps-
lev to Mr. League, under date of December 30,
1851—a letter which will not lie; which speaks
the truth, and is not influenced by passion, or
prejudice, or sympathy. Referring to the pur-
chase as made at Selma, and giving reasons why
the case should be tried in Texas, Colonel Laps-
ley says:
" In such cases the prejudices and sympathies of juries
would very naturally incline them to favor the defendants,
more especially if some of the jury (a very likely ea«e)
should he interested in the question on the M(le of the de-
fendants, or should have Natives or fiiends so interested.
"These considermons induced me to suppose (and so I
thought we all aai«cd at the time of the puiehase) that it
would he better to have the case tried in New Orleans than
anywhere in Texas.
l- In the tiial or these eases, T do not know exactly what
questions will be submitted to the jurv. hut if any control-
ling quotation should be submitted to a juiy biased by preju-
dice, mtere&t, or paitiahty, I would iuar the jesult, and
would prefer, if piaeticable, to avoid such an ordeal."
How could tin; trial before a Texan jury have
been avoided ? The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] says that Mr. League was a non-resi-
dent, and could as well have brought the suits as
Mr. Lapsley. Suppose that were true; there was
yet another thing to be accomplished in order to
secure a trial of this case out of Texas, and to put
it out of the influence of a Texan jury; and that
was, to interest the judge of the Federal court in
the speculation with the legal title in a non-resi-
dent. League suing without an interest, the judge
would have been compelled to try before a Texan
jury. That was what they intended ta avoid.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen?
tleman from Alabama whether, if any one else in:
.Texas but the judge had had his interest in the
lands, the case could have been removed for trial
to Louisiana?
Mr. HOUSTON. There js no law of the United
States that authorizes a change of venue in the
United States courts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would ask the gentle-
man whether, if any other citizen of Texas had
brought the suit, the case could have been trans-
ferred ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; there was no one
else in Texas who could have caused the suit to
be transferred, except Judge Watrous.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Suppose the
land had been sold to a kinsman of Judge Wat-
rous: how would it have gone ?
Mr. HOUSTON. In that case it might proba-
bly have gone to another State._, Why did they
not put the title in a kinsman ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman must excuse
me. Unless my time is to be extended, I cannot
yield to him. 1 have not interrupted gentlemen,
and unless my time is to be extended, I cannot
submit to be catechized by them,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I only desire
to answer the gentleman's question. I want the
House to understand that the gentleman will not
allow himself to be corrected on an important
point in the testimony.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, what is it?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
said that it was proved by the testimony that it
was agreed by the parties at the time of the pur-
chase, that the suit should be brought in Judge
Watrous's court. Now, I call the gentleman's
attention to the testimony ofLapsley, who swears*
that there was no " agreement made directly or
impliedly, which was not put in the instrument
of writing. *' It is true, Lapsley says that there
was some talk amongstsome 'ofthem aboutwhere
the suit should be brought. But he does not say
that Watrous was present when such talk was
had. He understood it so, or presumes he did,
but does not say that Watrous did or even gave
his assent to any such thing, and there is no evi-
dence that he ever did.
Mr. HOUSTON. Sir, that shows what the
gentleman has already exhibited in his speech,
that he knows nothing about the case at all. I
have already read from Colonel Lapsley's letter
to Mr. League; I will now read from Colonel
Lapsley's evidence, page 128:
" Question, (by Mr. Chapman.) Was it mentioned in
the course of the consultation at Selma where the suits
should be brought ?
" Jlaswer. I think that thing was spoken of between my-
self and my fiiends. I have no particular lecollection, but
I piesume it was j-poken of. It was a matter which I sup-
posed was understood.
Question. Was it understood that the suits should be
brought m the United States court at that tune ?
'"Jinsu-er. Yes; and the rir>t lrifoirnation that I got of
the contrary desire or intention was from Judge Hughes,
stating that he prel'eirod to have the cases tned in Texas.
I do not recollect anything definite on that subject, further
than that the matter was talked over. My own opinion
was very decidedly made up.
" Question. Why did you prefer that'the suits should be
bioujiht in the United States court?
" Jlnswer. I preferred it for the reasons stated in my let-
tor to League ; because I had understood that there was
some prejudice prevailing m Texas agauwt titles of this
kind, and I was afraid to nsk it before a local jury."
Als,o, speaking of the same subject, he says:
" Question. Was that spoken of?
" rfnsiver. I presume it was spoken of, although I cannot
state positively. J think it was spoken of.
"Question. In the presence of Judge Watrous?
"Jlnswer. Yes, sir. 1 cannot say that Judge Watrous
ever said a word on the subject of bringing suits in Texas.
My consultations were principally with the gentlemen in
Alabama, with whom I was associated."
I could read otht>r paragraphs of his evidence,
but these abundantly establish what I stated, and
as fully disprove the statement of the gentleman
from Georgia.
This, sir, is the proof, and it is as strong as the
English language can make it; and now you can
appreciate the speech of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, who asserted that there was no proof tend-
ing to show any such thing.
But, sir, 1 read again from pages 148, 149,
while Colonel Lapsley was being examined by
Judge Hughes, attorney for Judge Watrous.
This shows that Judge Watrous participated' in
