1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
actually sufficient for the purpose ? It is utterly
beyond the reach of our power.
Therefore, I say that the undertaking to obtain
Cuba, for the purpose of putting an end to the
African slave trade, is a delusion, an utter delu-
sion. So far from that, the necessary effect of it
would be that, instead of stopping this trade,
Cuba would be the depot, the point of putting out,
and the point of bringing in, all the slaves wanted
for the South and the southwestern part of the
United States. Does any man believe that the
Gulf States, who desire so much the acquisition
of Cuba, really mean to take that country, and
expect to supply to it from ten to twenty or thirty
thousand slaves a year from the United States ?
Or, do they expect to leave it to the decimation
which the honorable Senatorfrom Louisianasays
it must come to unless it is supplied? We all know
they never can be furnished in that way; there is
not a supply for them. Another thing: the States
in the extreme South have no desire to have Cuba
supplied with slaves from Maryland and Virginia
and Kentucky. They want all their own, and
more, too. They do not want the border slave
States shaded off into being what they call, if you
please, abolition. They are not entering into this
policy with a view to anything of that kind at all.
They do not expect to supply slaves for Cuba in
that way.
I have a single word to say in relation to the un-
suitableness of that people to become.a part of
ourselves. One leading feature of our institutions
is the entire freedom of religion. I am not now
to commence any tirade against Roman Catholics,
or any other order of the Christian Church of any
kind; but it is a very leading feature of our system
that we not only tolerate, but encourage, the pub-
lic administration of the ordinances of religion in
all the forms in which men profess it, and protect
each other in the exeicise of this privilege. Now,
what are these people? They are bigoted and
tenacious; so that on these points, I may say from
want of enlightenment, they cannot endure the
performance of any of the rites and ceremonies
of the Christian Church in any other form than
that approved by the Government; nay, so far is
this carried that they will not permit it at the fu-
neral ot a Protestant. I know it has been some-
times complained that there, as well as in Spain,
they do not permit the interment of the bodies I
of Protestants in their burial'grounds and ceme-
teries. I believe that is usual with the Catholic
church. I do not myself think that furnishes
much ground of complaint; but it is said they
deny them the right of Christian burial. This
same Mr. Torrente, from whose pamphlet I read
before, undertakes to Answer this objection, and
insists that it is not well founded; but see the
conclusion to which he comes;
•' It has never objected to such individuals purchasing and
inclosing pieces of giouud in the form of cemeteries for the
purpose of depositing therein, with all decency, tile mortal
remains of their brother religionists; hut it (the Govern-
menticannot do less than oppose ostentation in such luner-
als, as well as all other religious ceremonies different
from that of the Catholic faith." *   * "They
will be allowed to do so, provided they renounce all pomp
and ceremonies, except such as are in accordancewith the
religion of the State.1'
That is to say, we cannot do more than permit
you to bury your dead in burying-grounds of your
own making; we cannot permit, even at a funeral,
any religious ceremonies whatever, but such as
is according to the religion of the State.^ How
can such a people be in any way molded in with
us, and cheerfully indulge and encourage the free
exercise of religious ceremonies ?
There is no thought, I believe scarcely the
slightest hope, indulged or expressed by any ob-
serving man that it is expected we are to purchase
Cuba under this proposition. That is not left in
doubt or uncertainty. It is perfectly known that
it cannot be purchased, i cannot but observe,
that since the report was made some disclosures
have been made on this point. On the 9th page
of the report we find thisexpression:
" Much has been said of the indelicacy of this mode of
proceeding; that the ofter to purchase will offend the Span-
ish pride, be regarded as an insult, and rejected with con-
tempt ; that instead of promoting a consummation that ail
admit to be desirable, it will have the opposite tendency. If
this were true, it would be a conclusive argument against
the bill."
Thus the committee state, that if we knew-the
matter was objectionable to Spam, and would be
regarde.d by her as offensive, it would be a sum-
cient objection against the bill. "We have that
concession from the committee. Well, sir, im-
mediately after the publication of this report, we
had information of the action of the Spanish Min-
istry and Spanish Cortes, leaving no possible
doubt about it, utterly abnegating any possibility
of the purchase; and yet, were the exertions to
carry this bill through in the least remitted ? Not
at all. Is the sentiment of the report, that that
would be a conclusive objection against the bill,
regarded as true? We all perfectly understand
that Cuba is not for sale; that Spain will deem it
offensive for us to make the offer. It is not for
me here to say whether that ought to be so or
not; it is enough that it is so. The truth is, it is
preposterous to make the offer, and it is to them
about as objectionable as the proposition of Simon
Magus; and the only answer which will be re-
turned to it is that which was returned to him:
" Thy money perish with thee." I do not mean
to take time on this point. It is enough for us
to know that Cuba is not for sale, and cannot be
bought, and nobody expects to buy it.
Well, then, if this island is not wanted for de-
fense, if it is not wanted for settlement, if it is not
wanted to put an end to the African slave trade,
if it is not wanted as a good purchase, pray what
is the purpose of this bill? what is the object of it?
Here, of course, I must bo left, in some measure,
to conjecture; but I shall state what I believe to be
the purpose, and my reasons for entertaining that
belief.
It is intended to make the offer with the expect-
ation that it will be rejected. It is then intended
to take measures to get up as many claims and
charges and complaints against Spain as you can,
and then to seize the island by way of satisfaction.
I do not say all this is to be done in a day or in
an hour; but that is the process to be entered
upon. In the first place, you will observe that the
Presidentof the United States does notaslc forany
$30,000,000. His proposiiion was to get some-
thing like what Mr. Polk had, something like
what Mr. Jefferson had, in the cases he cites. How
much was that? Two million dollars. He does
not mention the sum, but cites these cases by way
of example. He does not ask any $30,000,000.
What the President wants is a legislative expres-
sion of our approbation of this policy. Before he
enters upon the prosecution of it, in all its_rela-
tions, he desires to be backed by having his prop-
ositions in some way indorsed by legislative ac-
tion, by an expression of the will of Congress.
There is no other way in which that can be prop-
erly and regularly and legitimately expressed,
but in the form of an appropriation of some kind;
that is, legislative action. Resolutions containing
expressions of opinion would not be anything of
a legislative character; would not be within the
scope of our delegated powers. He wants legis-
lative action, as I say, for the purpose of initiating
his policy.
A man can hardly avoid, in this discussion,
asking why this comes up at this time, and in
this way, and why it is that the President finds
some ground of expectation that he can be doing
something that anybody will indorse? On that
point, I hold in my hand a speech of the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, which has ob-
iained for him something like a national reputa-
tion. It has been spread broadcast over the land,
and read with much approbation, if you please.
Now, what is the sum and substance of this "ad-
dress of the Hon. James H. Hammond, at Barn-
well Court-House?" I have read it, and reread
it. It is essentially an effort on the part of the
honorable gentleman to dissuade his audience
and the people of the South from three or four no-
tions which they entertain. I allude to it merely
for the purpose of showing what those notions
are, so that it may not be said 1 have charged the
people of the South with entertaining them; but
I show from this speech that Governor Hammond
labors with them and tries to dissuade them from
entertaining these notions. I take it that proves
that they do entertain them. What are they ?
In the first place they desire to obtain Mexico.
What for r To form it into slave country, in OTder
that the slaveholding States may come back again
to an equal position in the Senate with the free
States. I will not say there is anything discred-
itable in that; but that was a sentiment of Mr.
Calhoun. It was what he called equality of States.
He thought the free and the slave States should
be an equal number in the Union; and, of course,
•have equal power in the Senate. That, with him,
was a dmderalum, and he seemed to consider it
necessary for the safety of the slaveholdingStates.
When the disturbing topic of slavery was settled
by the Missouri compromise, he agreed to it; he
participated in it; and I ought, in credit and honor
to him, to say, he never attempted tpdisturb-it..
But it was found, before a great many years, that
by admitting Louisiana and Missouri and Ar-
kansas and Florida, they had used up pretty.nwch
all the territory that could be used for making
slave States south of the line, and it would-be ne-
cessary, as new free States were formed north of
36° 30', to balance them by some country ac-
quired, for we had no more country to make into
slave States. Hence, the annexation of Texas
was put on foot for that purpose; which was not
disguised at all. In the making of the treaty,
which did not succeed, Mr. Calhoun, then-Secre-
tary of State under President Tyler, officially an-
nounced that the policy was to sustain and per-
petuate the institution of slavery; that that was
the object of obtaining Texas. I know that many
of our people were humbugged with the idea that
it was going to be one of the institutions for abol-
ishing slavery; but the author of it, the man who
formed the treaty, Mr. Calhoun, as Secretary of
State, announced officially that the purpose was
to sustain slavery; but those who rather chose to
be humbugged by Mr. Walker's statements in
regard to it, would not take the official announce-
ment. We know that treaty failed; and the mat-
ter was presented to the Democratic party in their
convention at Baltimore. Everybody expected
that they would run Mr. Van Buren; but when
they came together, it was found that Mr. Yan
Buren had written and published a letter against
the annexation of Texas; and that was the end
of him. Then the Democracy of the North were
plainly told, if you choose a President to carry
into effect this purpose of ours, you can have a
Democratic President; if you will-not let us take
one that we select for that purpose, you cannot
have a Democratic Presidentat all; and they^were
constrained to agree to it. We know that the re-
sult was, that Texas was annexed by a joint res-
olution; and provision was made for dividing her
into three or four States, with her own consent,
so that they might be brought in as slave States,
to balance the free States as they came in. I do
not say there was anything discreditable in this.
All that, however, (lid not seem to answer. I
do not know exactly why Texas has not been
divided; but I believe that State, on the whole,
does not like to be dismembered; she rather de-
sires to retain her importance as a great State;
and I am not sure but that there may be .another
view, and that is, if they should divide it with a
view to make more slave States, it is problematic
whether some of them would not turn out to be
free States. At any rate, no attempts have been
made toward that division.
Then the people who had entertained these no-'
tions, desiring to keep up*this equality of States,
enter upon the business of obliterating the Mis-
souri compromise. Mr. Calhoun is dead; all that
generation haspassedVanother has come up " that
knew not Joseph;" and then it was that the line
of 36° 30' was obliterated from the map, for the
purpose of getting some slave States north of the
line, as there was no other country to make into
slave States. I need not go over now the efforts
which have been made to form Kansas into a
slave State, nor detail particularly the instrumen-
talities Which the party have thought proper to
use in countenancing fraud, violence, and blood,
to effect that purpose; but all has failed.
What next? Is the idea abandoned? I know
that the Senator from South Oarolina, in his
Barnwell speech, undertakes to convince these
people that they had better abandon that idea;
but they have not abandoned it; it is not given up.
The effort now made before us is part and parcel
of the same thieig, because one of those views
was the acquisition of Cuba. lie labors that point
in his speech, I think, with very much ability,
and very much candor; and I respect him for it;
but I think he has hardly succeeded in convinc-
ing that people to give it up. At any rate, I think
the President has adopted their notion, and is
pushing it forward on us, as being one that will
give him great strength at the South, in his
opinion.
