1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^February 21.
So, too, of the "acquisition of Mexico. The
Senator labors'to convince his people that that is
a delusion; that it cannot be effected. This busi-
ness of acquiring Mexico for the purposes of that
people, is a very doubtful affair. • Slavery has
failed in Mexico once already. That mixed pop-
ulation are not exactly of the kind that they can
reasonably expect the institution of African sla-
very will prosper with. I am very suspicious that
it would hardly do to undertake to take Mexico
for this purpose, except it was in homeopathic
doses. Sweep in Mexico at present, and it is the
beginning of amalgamation. That is a people of
iftixed race and blood. So far from marking a
line of discrimination between black and white, it
is almost utterly obliterated, and would step over,
and- gradually spread itself over, and, instead of
aiding this country, debauch it. The people there
have tried self-government, and it is a perfect fail-
ure. Those are hardly desirable elements to in-
graft into our institutions. I very much coin-
cide with' the views expressed in the speech by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, that
that is a subject that had better bo touched with
great care 11 is a very doubtful policy, especially
for the purposes for which they desire it.
Another idea that they entcitain is the opening
of the African slave traclc. I think the honora-
ble Senator's views on that subject very well and
candidly expressed to thorn, bat 1 doubt very
much whether he has persuaded them. lie may
have persuaded the people pf South Carolina; but
we have reason to believe that the desire to open
the slave trade is entertained to a very large extent
at the South. I do not mean by the majority of
its people; I do not mean by the most intelligent
of us people; I do not mean by (he northern por-
tion of the slaveholdmg States; btit it cannot be
disguised that there is such a fueling in the South.
Formerly, when you said to u<?, "slavery is an
institution which has come down to us from our
fathers; we have three million slaves; we know not
what to do with them; we must manage them in
the most prudent way we can, and you ought not
to visit, us with anathemas m consrqucncc of our
having this unavoidable evil amongst us; it was
not of our introducing;" as long as that was the
position held, it commended itself very much to
fehe consideration of nil candid men; but we have
pnssed over ihnt period ; that is utterly discarded,
it is now churned that slavery us a Divine institu-
tion, the very best possible condition for both
races, the highest state of civil society.
The middling classes of people in the slave
holding States have seen piospnity only by the
slaveholders. They have seen the planters, the
farmers, the men of wealth and prosperity, the
cotton-growers, the sugar-growers, prospering
and thriving—how ? By the us*' of slave labor
These people never saw any other prosperity;
they do not know that a white man is capable, by
his own labor, of self-elevation; they never saw
it; they cannot know it. Now, is it at all as-
tonishing that a man of that class should say to
his brother, "Youandf are men of-moderate cir-
cumstances; do you not see that all the wealth
and prosperity, all the ease and luxury is with
those who own slaves? Cannot you and 1 have
some slaves?" 44 No;thcycost#l,50ttaheud; here
is the Governor has five humhed, and our Rep-
resentative t<5 Congiess has a thousand ; you and I
have not got one, and we cannot got one because
we have not $1,500 or ^.000 to pay for one. Now,
how are we ever to elevate ourselves? How aie
we ever to have any prosperity? IIow are we
ever to have any ease and luxury ?" " 1 can tell
you: add prosperity to this divine institution by
aiding in the importation of large numbers of
slaves, and put them at such a prie«* that we shall
be able to get some, and then we will see whether
we cannot take position with our more wealthy
neighbors." This view is entertained, and with
the slave-holders, the men of intelligence, if you
please, men of worth, men of patriotism, it has
got to be, and is fast getting to be, a very delicate
subject and a rather troublesome point.
A ship eoes out—the Wanderer; it brings in a
cargo of slaves; they are scatteied through the
country and carried on the railroad cars; but does
any mau reclaim any of them and -deliver them
to the Government to be taken home? Not one.
Is there ^governing public opinion against the im-
position of slaves when three hundred imported
Africans can be scattered through the southern
country in the most public manner, and not one
of them reclaimed? What is it for? With po-
litical men it is looked at in this way: " we desire
to obtain Mexico, to make an equality of States;
we desire to open the slave trade, that we may
get slaves with which to settle new States, and
make them slave States in order to produce that
equality ;<hnd we want Cuba, because it is already
filled with slaves; we shall not have to import:
slaves to add to our numbers there; we will just
levy a tax on all the free people so as to raise
$30,000,000 now, and $100,000,0110, or more, af-
terwards, to buy that for the purpose of adding
to our political weight." That is the prooosition.
The question is, whether our people will do it?
Mr. SL1DELL. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont permit me to make a remark here?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. SL1DELL. He states, what is the fact,
that the slaves brought in by the Wanderer have
been openly carried through Georgia and Ala-
bama; but there is no power, no authority, that
will enable anybody to arrest these slaves under
the law of the United States. The efforts of the
Government, up to this time, have been entirely
directed towards the prosecution of the men who
have dealt in them, who have purchased and sold
them; and 1 will only say to the Senator from
Vermont, that if he will introduce a bill by which
the power shall be conferred upon the Govern-
ment of the United States to arrest a slave ille-
gally introduced into the United States, I will
cooperate with him very cheerfully in the passage
of it
Mr. COLLAMER, There is a bill lying on the
table now; it has lam there for weeks and weeks;
and has any southern gentleman tried to move it?
It has been reported from the committee long
sine*. Does the honorable Senator wish to clear
his State of this apparent imputation, or, if not
his own State,other southern States? Is the least
effort made about it? lie wants that I should do
something. f have nothing to do with it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will answer the Senator if
he desires it. i think that the sentiment of the
southern portion of the United States is decidedly
adveise to the traffic in slaves, so long as it is pro-
hibited by the laws of the United States. I think
that is the universal sentiment. There is a por-
tion of the people of the southern country who
think that the interests of civilization and human-
ity, and the industry of the country, would, per-
haps, be promoted by the renovation of the slave
trade, under certain regulations. 1 think they ate
still tvvery small portion of our community; but
if the slave trade be not suppressed in other coun-
tries; if the people of Cuba can purchase slaves at
a very reduced price; if the Emperor of France
can take them in unlimited numbers into his col-
onies, the people of the South may fenr the com-
petition of cheap slave labor, or pretended free
labor, and there will be a total change of public
sentiment at the South, and you will find many
advocates for the slave trade among men who are
not so now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to exercise all
courtesy to the gentleman in relation to this, which
is his peculiar topic; but I do not wish to have
speeches in favor of the Afi ican slave trade, in any
aspect in which it can present itself, thrown into
the body of my speech, and published with it.
[Laughter ] 1 do not like it.
Mr SLIDELL. There is a very simple rem-
edy; not to have it published in "the pamphlet;
speech.  
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not contemplate hav- ;
ing a pamphlet. 1 do not make any speeches for j
Buncombe. Mr. President, I am not practically j
familiar with ail the laws on this subject; but I 1
take it that imported slaves into this country may ;
be surrendered to the Executive, and it is his duty j
to return them home. I know that, if public opin- i
ion in Georgia, or Alabama, and that portion of !
the country, is so decided against the renewal of
the African slave trade as gentlemen would seem
to suppose, those Africans would be given up; but ■
there will not be a man of them given up. it has
been' published in the papers that " Brother such !
a one has gotten one of those boys for $200. I have
looked him over, and I think him a great acquisi-
tion. " Nobody undertakes to say that they must
be delivered—not atall. The truth is, as I stated,
that the large part of the people in the South—I
do not say the most intelligent people there, but
a large part of them in point of numbers—think
their condition would be decidedly improved, and
the condition of the African, too, by having the:
slave trade revived. Recently, 1 see it stated in
their papers, if the slave trade is open, you can-
not get a jury to indict and eonvict. I believe they
have found a bill recently against the master or
owner of a vessel. Whether%e will be convicted,
remains to be seen.
I have only called attention to these topics for
the purpose of showing that these are the senti-
ments entertained by our southern people: that
we should open the African slave trade; that we
should extend our borders and take in Mexico
and all that country for the purpose, as they think,
of their own security; if you please, for the pur-
pose of obtaining at least equal weight in the
command of this Government. When 1 have said
that, I am not charging upon them anything of a
criminal nature at all. 1 do not charge them with
an intent to abuse that power if they could get it;
but that is not the point. The acquisition of
Cuba, opening the African slave trade, and the
dissolution of the Union, secession, those are the
topics on which the honorable Senator thought
proper to address the people, and very soundly
to address them. I wish he could convince the
whole of the South on that topic, but he has not
done it.
I think that the President himself disagreed
with the Senator from South Carolina in relation
to these points. He has proceeded to indorse
them. I do not mean that he favors their idea in
regard to the dissolution of the Union, but he has
indoised them for the purpose they avow. Per-
haps he has done so from a fear of the dissolution
of the Union. He may have thought it necessary
to accommodate them in their feeling upon all
these subjects by his aid, in order to prevent their
dissolving the Union. Senators have argued this
case as if they were talking entirely to the people
of the southern States. Somehow or other, it
seems to be forgotten that the majority of the
people of the United States participate in none of
these views. The question presented is, will the
people of the free States contribute their substance
to enter upon this policy for the purpose of aid-
ing the South in obtaining power to govern the
North m the Union, or to get out of it, if they de-
sire to do so ?
In order to present more fully my view in re-
lation to the purposes and designs, that is, the
ultimate use of this power of force, I wish to
enter a little more into the detail and history of
this subject. I know it is true that the President
has long entertained this project. It is a favorite
child of his old age. The notion has been enter-
tained more or lessdistinctlyin his mind for some
time. It is only more fully developing itself at
this time. The President knew full well, notonly
before these recent manifestations of the public
feeling of Spain,that he could not purchase Cuba;
ho knew it as well m the first place as he does flow.
The very proposition, in the form in which it is
put forth, is utterly inconsistent with the idea of
the purchase. Why, sir, when he himself was
Secretary of State, in his instructions .to Mr.
Saunders, at the time he was our Minister to
Spain, upon this topic, what does he say to him ?
Speaking of the manner of conducting this busi-
ness, he tells him:
u Such delicate negotiations, at least in their incipient
stages, ought always to be conducted m confidential con-
version, and with the utmost secrecy arid dispatch."
And now, he comes to the Congress of the
United States to get a declaration in the face of
the world of the purposes that we design. How
utterly inconsistent is that with the idea he thus
properly expressed of the manner in which alone
such a thing could be done. He knew another
thing perfectly as well, and that is, that when Mr.
Souie went as our minister to Spain, Mr. Marcy
told him this:
u Under certain conditions the United States might be will-
ing to purchase u; but it is scarcely expected that you will
luid Spain, should \ou attempt toadceitatri her views upon
the Mibpjcr, at all inclined to enter into such a negotiation.
Theie i* reason to believe that she is under obligations to
Great Butaiii and France not to transfer this islaud to the
Tinned St.ues. Were there nothing else to justify this be-
lief but the promptness with which these two Powers sent
their naval torces to her aid in the late Cuba disturbances,
the proposition for a tripartite convention to guaranty Cuba
to Spam, and, what is more significant than either of the
above fact?, the sort ot joint protest by England and France,
to which I adverted in my instructions to Mr. Buchanan,
against some of the views presented in Mr. Everett's letter
