1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
The SPEAKER. On the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then if the
motion to lay on the table does not carry, the
whole subject will be open for discussion ?
I he SPEAKER. So the Chair understands.
Mr. BURNETT. • One important reason with
me for resisting the motion of the gentleman from
Louisiana, is that the gentleman who contests the
seat of the gentleman from Maryland desires to
be heard; other gentlemen desire to be heard on
this question; and we do not want the vote to be
taken at this particular time. I will say, how-
ever, that I think the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio is a fair one, and I hope the House
will adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire simply to say that, as
a matter of course, in all these preliminary mo-
tions I am a passive party in this matter. The
statement of the gentleman from Kentucky that
the party who contests my right to the seat which
1 hold desires to be heard, is to me an entirely sat-
isfactory reason for an adjournment. I have not
the slightest desire to throw any impediment
whatever in the way of a full discussion, a frank
hearing, and a fair judgment upon this case.
Mr. BOYCE. I desire to offer a resolution giv-
ing Mr. Whyte the right to be heard.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I withdraw my
motion for the present.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I understand that
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis,} who
made the motion to lay this subject on the table,
is perfectly willing to withdraw it, and let the
House adjourn. I hope, at any rate, that the
House will adjourn if the motion is not with-
drawn.
Mr. EUSTIS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BOYCE. I then offer the followingreso-
lution:
Resolved, That Wiiham Pirtknej- Whyte have leave to
occupy a seat on the floor ofnhe Honsc pending the discus-
sion of the report of the Committee of Elections, m the case
of his contest as to the scat now occupied by Hon. J. Mor-
rison Harris, from the third congressional district of Mary-
land ; and that he havr  leave to speak to the merits of s>aid
content, and the motions thereon.
Mr. BILLING-HURST. I would inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Elections if
there is anybody claiming the seat? I do not un-
derstand that there is anybody claiming it. The
purpose is to vacate the seat now occupied by the
sitting member; and if we pass this resolution,
we may perhaps recognize a contestant here, and
it may be of some importance on the question of
compensation.
Mr. BOYCE. I will remark, in reply to what
the gentleman from Wisconsin said, that Mr.
Whyte did claim the seat, but the committee held
that he was not entitled to it.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. All I desired, in
making the remark, was that I should not be
understood, in assenting to this resolution, as
recognizing Mr. Whyte as a contestant.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not know what the
precedents are, but I think there has never been
any precedent for a gentleman whose rights are
not in controversy being admitted to a seat and
to the right of debating the resolutions of the
House. Ordinarily the resolution is that A B,
the contestant, is entitled to his seat, and that C
D, the sitting member, is not: and upon a reso-
lution of that kind the contestant is uniformly
admitted to discuss the question of his right to
the seat. But in this case no branch of the com-
mittee present any resolution giving the contest-
ant the seat. There are no rights of the contest-
ant pending before the House for its decision—
none whatever. Why, then, should the House
extend to him the liglit to discuss the questions
pending before it5 I do not, therefore, see any
propiitTty in passing t.hc resolution offered by
the gentleman from South Carolina, nor do I
think that there is any precedent for it. The
Committee of Elections have probably examined
the precedents, and if there is any case in which
a party whose right to a seat was not involved in
the question pending before the House has been
admitted to a seat on the floor, and has been per-
mitted to participate m the discussions of the
llouse, I should be glad to know it. All 1 desire
is to pursue the practice that has been adopted
heretofore. Certainly the rights of Mr. Whyte
are not involved in the resolution that has been
piesented to the House, and I see no reason why
he, any more than any other elector in the third |
congressional district of Maryland, should have <
a right to a seat here for the purpose of mingling !
in our discussions.
I throw out these suggestions, in order that the 1
Committee of Elections may inform us what the j
precedents are, and whether this resolution is not i
out of the ordinary course. So far as this case j
is concerned, I should like to consult the wishes j
of the sitting member who says that he desires |
that this party may be heard; but I am not will-
ing to introduce here any new practice, or to I
adopt any principle that has not been heretofore j
recognized in contested election cases. I should |
be glad, therefore, to have some information from I
the chairman of the Committee of Elections as |
to whether any such practice as this has ever
been adopted heretofore.
Mr. BOYCE. This is a peculiar case. I do
not know that there has ever been exactly such
a case
Mr.'STANTON. Oh, yes.
Mr. BOYCE. I have never known any in-
stance in which a contestant has been refused a
hearing before the House. The committee thought •
that, as a matter of course, there would be no ob-
jection to the resolution. Mr. Whyte did claim
the seat, and for aught I know may still claim it.
The committee, however, thought that he was
notentitled to it. They thought that there was no
valid election.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will thfe
gentleman from South Carolina answer me one
question ?
Mr. BOYCE. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did the gen-
tleman (Mr. Whyte) claim the seat himself be-
fore the committee?
Mr. BOYCE. Yes, sir. I think there has been
sufficient debate on this question, and that the
House undeistands it. I therefore call the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. In order that we
may have an opportunity to look into the prece-
dents, I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the gentleman will with-
drew that motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
from South Carolina will withdraw the demand
for the previous question for a moment. I will re-
new it.
Mr. BOYCE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I insist upon my
motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I thought I was entitled
to the floor. *
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
obtained (he floor before the gentleman from Ken-
tucky rose, and made the motion that the House
do now adjourn.
Thequestion was taken on Mr. Sherman's mo- ij
tion, and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at twenty minutes past three ,,
o'clock) the House adjourned. |,
IN SENATE. [
Thursday, December 16, 1858.
i
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. j
On motion of Air. ALLEN, it was :
Ordered. Thar when the Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to m'cet on Monday next. :
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. !
The VtCE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- '
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasuiy.com- '
rnumcating, in compliance with a resolution of 1
the Senate, a report of the Supenntendent of the
Coast Survey and of Weights and Measures,
showing the cost and progress of the Coast Sur- ,
vey in each year, and also the weights and meas- :
ures furnished the several States and custom- 1
houses, and their eost; which was ordered to lie
on the table; and a motion of Mr. Dayis to print '
it, was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Vin- j
cent Kokowski, an old soldier at the military 1
asylum m the District of Columbia, praying to ;
be"allowed a pension, to enable him to live with j
his family; which was referred to the Committee }
on Pensions, !
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of.
Lewis Purdy and others, officers and soldiers in
the Black Hawk war, praying for such an amend*
ment of the bounty-land laws as will include those
who served m that war less, than fourteen days;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen>-
sions. ,
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Jo&it
A. Ragan, proposing a plan to prevent the over-
flow of the Mississippi and its tributaries, and
praying a grant of land to enable him to effect
that object; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. POLK presented the memorial of L. W.
Boggs, praying an appropriation for his pay'as
alcalde and judge under the military government
of California; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
Mr.WILSON presented a paper, which he gave
notice of his intention to propose as an amend-
ment to the bill (S. No. 8) to organize the Terri-
tory of Arizona, and to create the office of sur-
veyor general therein; to provide for the exam-
ination of private land claims; to grant donations
to actual settlers; to survey the public and private
lands, and for other purposes; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia,to whom was referred the
petition of Joseph Verbiski, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Augustus Moor, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
i was referred the petition of William Merrihew,
1 submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
j to be printed.
[ Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
' Relations, to whom was referred the joint reso-
: lution (S. No. 55) authorizing Townsend Harris
| and H. C. J. Hensken, respectively to accept
certain presents from her Majesty the Q,ueen of
: Great Britain and Ireland, reported it without
i amendment, and submitted a letter from theSec-
j retary of State, and other papers on the subject;
! which were ordered to be printed.
I PRINTING OF THE MESSAGE.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
, to whom was referred a motion to print twenty
thousand additional copies of the President's mes-
sage and accompanying documents, reported the
following resolutions:
I Resolved, That theie be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate, ten thousand copies of the message of the President of
the United States, with the reports proper of the heads of
Departments and chiefs of buieaua, communicated there-
with, nmimn$ the statistical matter accompanying said ie-
ports; and twelve hundred additional copies for the use of
heads- of Departments.
Resolved, further, That there be printed in addition, two
thousand copies of the report oi the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, foj the use of Ins office; one thousand addi-
tional copies of the loport of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eta! Land Office, for the use of his office; five hundred
additional copies of the report oi the Commissioner of Pub-
he Buildings foi the usse of that office ; five hundred addi-
tional copies of the repoit of the officers, m charge of the
Government Hospital for the Insane, for their use; and five
hundred additional copies of tiie report of the officers in
charge of the I'enitentiarj for the Distiict of Columbia, for
their use.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, whether
I understood the resolutions aright, as proposing
to dispense with the publication of all the statis-
tics in these reports? If so, it seems to me to be
an objectionable provision. The great value of
the reports, in my opinion, is the statistics they
contain.
Mr. FITCH. We propose to exclude the sta-
tistics from the extra numbers—-not from the or-
dinary number printed fdt" the use of the Senate.
We cut them oifin the extra numbers which are
printed for distribution; and in this way there
will be a great saving in printing and papery
Mr. FOSTER. That explanation is sufficient.
The resolutions were agreed to.
PATENT LAWS*
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
