THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN O. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1859.
Nbw Series....No. 75. j_-
ofthe2d of December last, to M. Sartiges.the French Min-
ister, would alone be satisfactory proof of such arrange-
ment."
Then the Secretary of State had informed Mr.
Soule that there was no doubt there was a treaty
between Spain on the one side, and France and
England on the other, that they would guaranty
that Cuba should not be taken from her; and
she would guaranty she would not sell it to the
United States. Now, that is not my conjecture.
That is the official announcement of the view then
taken. The present President knew of this. He
not only understood it, but he knew it had been
tested, too; because Mr. Soule went to Spain,
anil lie did not give up the idea of obtaining Cuba.
How do you suppose he expected to obtain it
after the information he had from the Secretary
of State? Why, it is quite obvious. There were
claims—among others the Black Warrior cl.aim
—on foot then, not settled; there were other things
to complain about; transactions in Cuba; claims
upon Spain under the old commission, not settled
to this day, and are published now among the
list of claims against Spain. What did Mr. Soule
undertake to do? There is no doubt about it. He
undertook to get Cuba in satisfaction of those
claims. That was the mission he went upon. He
did not go to settle the claims in any other way,
because in his letter written after the Ostend con-
ference to the Secretary of State, and before he
left Spain, he says this. This letter is dated the
23d of December, 1854:
" The question of Cuba was tlie other day (18th instant)
brought into discussion in the Cortes, and gave rise to the
animated debate which you will find reported in the in-
closed number of the Official Gazette.
" The minister of Foreign Affairs, with an emphasis full
of significancy, repelled the suspicion that the Government
might be disposed to part with it, by declaring that, in its
judgment, ' to pait with Cuba would be to part witR the
national honor.'
" Tlie declaration was covered with the frantic applause
of the gallei les, and received the spontaneous and undivided
sanction of the house."
Now I come to the sentence on which I rely:
" Thus was disposed of, in a single session of that grave
hody, the Cortes, what of hope the United States might
still retain of bringing their difficulties with this country to
a peaceable and friendly adjustment through the cession to
tbem of that island."
What hope had been entertained of getting the
cession from Spain of that island, for those claims,
was ended. That was in 1854. The President
knew of that, too. He did not need the recent
demonstration in the Cortes. That is nothing but
a mere repetition of the affair. Then he did not
want this appropriation with a view and expect-
ation of the purchase of Cuba. He knew it
could not be purchased before.
I cannot but make a few^ observations, Mr.
President, as to how this subject is now brought
up for consideration. I have endeavored to show
why it is. These sentiments entertained by the
southern people, give the reason why this time
is taken; but how has it got up? I ought to fol-
low a little further into this topic. I speak, now,
not so much upon authority; but still I
upon good grounds of suspicion. It will be found
that there never was any attempt, by Mr Soule,
to settle those claims and the points of difficulty
between us by treaty. His ministry there was not
to do that, except it was by getting the cession ot
Cuba. That was his object; and when he lett
that mission, I believe it would be found, if the
archives of the State Department were searched ,
that there had been submitted a most liberal and
fair proposition, on the part of Spain, for the set-
tlement of difficulties and the arrangement of com-
mercial affairs, and the reciprocity of privileges
to our commerce and our trade and our people, in
their country, ag well aa theirs here. That prop-
osition was never entertained by him. I believe
it was never sent to this Government by him; but
I think it- will be found. The claims were in-
tended to be kept back for the purpose of being
used upon some more auspicious occasion foi the
great object of the acquisition of Cuba. I think
that the archives of the State Department will
verify what I say.
75
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit me,
I wish to direct his attention to this point: As I
understand, he passes from the first letter of Mr.
Marcy. to the first letter of Mr. Soule, as though
nothing intervened.
Mr. COLLAMER.. I am going to attend to
that.
Mr. DAVIS. And he argues from this, that
Mr. Soule never attempted to get any settlement
of the claim against Spain.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think I shall show how
he managed that.
Mr. DAVIS. Ami I will further direct his at-
tention to the fact, that he treats the Black War-
rior case as hanging up after Mr. Soule went
there.
Mr. COLLAMER. It has been settled since
that time.
Mr. DAVIS. It began since that time, and
interrupted the progress of negotiations by its cur-
rent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say to the Senator,
the Black Warrior case was settled by itself; but
we had a variety of claims against Spain. There
are great numbers of them; a great quantity of
them, ready at any time to be brought out when
wanted. They are here on the schedule,printed.
Gentleman can easily find them. There is a large
ledger "account, heavily balanced in our favor,
against every nation in Europe.
Mr. DAVIS. Perhaps the Senator does not
understand what I mean. He was arguing against
the Black Warrior case, as existing when Mr.
.Soule went there.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will not
get me diverted from the particular case which I
am arguing, by making a side issue.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has made a side
issue, by arraigning the minister and doing in-
justice to the negotiation.
Mr. COLLAMER. My opinion is, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the claims, whatever they were, were
intended to be used by him; and I do not know
but that he tried to use them. I do not say there
is anything discreditable in that. No doubt was
entertained that it would be desirable to get Cuba,
if we could at a rational price, and in the settie-
mentof these claims. I do not complain that there
is anything dishonest or unfair or dishonorable
in that; not at all. He did not succeed; he could
not succeed in it.
Mr. DAVIS. The claim did not exist when
his negotiation began.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor seems to suppose that I make the Black War-
rior a single case. I tell you there are now exist-
ing a long list of claims which were unsettled
then, and are unsettled now. .
Mr. DAVIS. That case did not exist—was
not in the category at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. What if it did not?
Mr. DAVIS. The whole argument falls?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; it does riot. My
argument is not founded on the Black Wanior
case. I choose not ta have an issue thus made
on an unimportant point. I am speaking of the
claims which did exist, and there were a large
catalogue of them, and which now exist, for they
have never been settled. He endeavored to use
those claims as a means, for the acquisition of
Cuba, but he did not succeed.
When Mr. Soule was there, and had ascer-
tained that there was no prospect^f succeeding
in obtaining Cuba, what next took place i l he
next thing coming in order is the Ostend confer-
ence. Mr. Walsh,an old and experienced states-
man, says, in relation to Cuba, recently:
"Europe imagined that the anomalous and nmrvplous
Otend conference jvas held in consequence 01 Mr. boule s
despair of such a consummation as purchase or cession be-
ing made.5'
Sir, the Ostend conference was holden because
Mr. Soule utterly despaired of the success of his
negotiations; and that brings us to-day to that
Ostend conference. Now, what is the great
sweeping point of that Ostend conference? it
is all summed up, and lies in a very narrow
space. Speaking of the acquisition of Cuba*
they say: - :
" Whilst pursuing this course we can afford to fiisregar4
the censures of the world, to which we have been s© often
and so unjustly exposed.
u After we shall have offered Spain a price for Cufea, f&r
beyond its present value, and this shall have been i*efu£ed,
it will then be time to considerthe question : does-Ctrba, la-
the possession of Spain, seriously endanger our intetnai
peace and the existence of our cherished Union ?
"Should this question be answered in the affirmative,
then by every law, human and divine, we shall be justified
in wresting it from Spain, it we possess the power;* and
this, upon the very same pnociple that would justify an in-
dividual in tearing down the burning house of his neighbor,
if there were no other means of preventing the flames from
destroying his own home*
" Under such circumstances, we ought neither to count
the cost nor regard the odds that Spain might enlist against
us." .
When that manifesto, that declaration of sen-
timent came here, the Secretary of State-disap-
proved especially of it. Mr. Marcy said to them,
in his letter to Mr. Soule of the 13th of November-,.
1854:
" The language of some part of the report might, perhaps,
be so construed as to sustain the inference that you and
your associates in the conference were of opinion-tbat the
proposition should be made, though there should be no
chance ofits being entertained ; and that it should be accom-
panied wiih the open declaration, or a significant sugges-
tion that the Untied States were determined to have the
island, and would obtain it by other means, if their present
advances, sq advantageous to Spain, be refused by her."
That is the sense in which he received that part
of the communication. He disapproved the pol-
icy of making an offer which they had good rea-
son to believe would be rejected. He so" informed
Mr. Soule, in his letter in answer to this mani-
festo of the Ostend conference. That was in Oc-
tober. On the 13th of November, Mr. Marcy
wrote this to him, and immediately on receipt of
it, Mr. Soule, in December, enters his resignation.'
He i
« Your dispatch of the 13th ultimo, leaving me"* no alter-
native but that of continuing to linger here, in languid im-
potence, or of surrendering a trust which, with the difficul-
ties thrown m the wav of its ex'ecution, 1 would strive in
vain to discharge, either io the satisfaction of the Govern-
ment or to my own credit, you will not be suiprised at the
course which a sense of dignity has impelled me to adopt,
<• f resign my commission of envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary at this Court."
Here, then, we find this history. Mr. Soule
goes there with the attempt to obtain Cuba in pay-
ment of these claims against Spain, and utterly
fails; thereupon the Ostend conference is holden,
and its manifesto published. I shall not attempt
to English it. Mr. Secretary Marcy stated the
import of that portion of it. Mr. Soule, upon
being informed that the Government did not ap-
prove of making an offer to be rejected, resigned
his position and came home. The subject has
slept from that time to this; nothing more has
been said about it until this message came from
the President. Can any man, putting these facts
together, understand it differently from this? The
President, in his present message, has been a little
more cautious, though the other was somewhat
ambiguous and oblique. In his annual message
he says, upon this topic:
" All the territory which we have acquired since the ori-
gin of the Government, has been by tair purchase from
France, Spain, and Mexico, or by the fiee and voluntary
act of the independent State of Texas, in blending her des-
i tunes with our own. This course we shall ever pursue, un-
! less circumstances should occur which we do not now an-
i lieipate, rendering a depiiiture from it dearly jiiylimihle
I under the imperative and overruling law ot seil-preserva-
j tion."
! Then we do understand that this is but a new
- edition, a little different impression of the Ostend
j conference. We mean to get Cuba by purchase,
I if we can peacefully; but, at the same time, he
i says- " I hope the time will not come when we
I shall have to take it any way, because it is ne-
I cessury to us. Spain, you sell us Cuba. I
i want Congress to make an appropriation that 1
I may make aii offer to you; and I want it distinctly
I understood that if they do so, I hope I shall not
! have to whip you; I Hope the necessity of that
; will notarise at all." What does that mean ? It
| means precisely what the Spanish Cortes under-
i stood it to mean—menace. Now, we are asked,
