1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
when is that occasion to arise? When i8 that
shadowy notion of necessity ever to arise ? Can
any man really believe that the necessities of the
political existence of this country are staketFupon
the possession of Cuba? You cannot suppose
this Union can be dissolved by the possession of
Cuba by any other nation. By the power of this
Legislature we might build thousands of ships,
to carry millions of men, and, 1 was about to say,
■we could not merely sweep the island to desola-
tion, but we could shovel up the whole of it into
the ships and dump it off into the Atlantic ocean.
The idea that the possession of Cuba is necessary
to the actual existence' of this country, is a mere
figment of the imagination. That, then, is not
what the Ostend conference alludes to. It'is not
what the President's message alludes to. To
what, then, do they allude ? 1 am not forced into
conjecture. It appears to me that we find the so-
lution of that point in this very report. What
does the report say ? *
<frThe law of our national existenceisgrowth." * *
* * * « when they cease to grow they will soon
commence that period of decadence which is the fate of ail
nations, as of civilized man."
That is, not the day that thou diest thou shalt
surely die, but dying your death shall com-
mence. That is the sentiment: the moment this
nation ceases to grow by expanding its territory,
this nation commences its decadence—dying it
shall die. Therefore, the consequence surely flow-
ing from that is, when we come to Cuba and want
to take that, and expansion is necessary in that
direction, or we think it id, one of two alterna-
tives is presented to us: we must take it, or we
commence dying. That is the necessity. There
cannot be a higher notion of the necessity as that
describes it. The tiine has come, it says, for us
to take Cuba. If Congress will declare that to be
the national policy, whenever it is necessary to
take Cuba to prevent our decadence commencing,
to anticipate that point of culmination, we must
seize upon it, and are justified by the law of na-
tional necessity. That appears to me to be a fair
exposition of the principles contained invthat re-
port as illustrative of and declaring the condition
and the exigency under which the right to take
it is justified.
Now, sir, if you turn to the speech of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] you will
find that he sustains the same view of it. He says
that every nation has a right to self-defense and
to attack for that purpose. He instances the case
of the Caroline cut out by the British from a
harbor upon the strait of Niagara and sent over
the falls, and he says that was justified and jus-
tifiable. Very well; so it was. Then he says"
that the very possession of Cuba by Spain is to
us of greater danger and more annoyance than
the Caroline ever was to the people of Canada.
That is the substance of it. Then the necessity
has come; the seizure of the island is justifiable
as a necessity; and that is the manifestation of
this principle as declared here.
Mr. President, I believe that the use of force is
intended in this case. I have here in my hand a
little extract from the annual message of the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana, the same State from which
the honorable author of this report, written with
very great ability as it is, and the honorable Sen-
ator who spoke m its support, come. Governor
Wickliffe, after speaking of the "southern policy"
of the present Administration, and congratulating
the people that it is negotiating for the acquisition
of Cuba, hopes that " if this means of setting the
island free should fail, some more potent one will
be used."
That is his view. I have before me the report
made in the House of Representatives on this
same subject of the acquisition of Cuba. They
were tender-footed M first, but after all the pur-
pose comes out. Aftci aigfuing the case at some
length, to see what the manner of annexing it
would be, they toll us:
" The committee hope tliatcncunistances may never oc-
cur rendenng it incumbent on the Umtcrl States,' under
the imperative and overruling km' of self-preservation'"—
That word comes in again—
—"to take possession of the islmid without the consent of
Spain; but if tliey should, summary measures couki be much
more easily justified, if we are prepared to hliovv that we
hiive exhausted honorable negotiation m attempts to avert
Iise necessity, and had offered to Spain an equivalent m
exchange for it. As such an offer might be necessary to the
cumpictc vindication of th.s Govt-1 nine, tit heieafter, v\e
ought not to be deterred from makingit by any supposed un-
willingness on the part of Spain to accept it, or even to
entertain it in an amicable spirit."
According to this report, the offer should be
made, even if we knew they would reject it.
That is the very point on which Mr. Marcy dis-
approved of the manifesto of the Ostend confer-
ence; but here it is announced to the world that
the United States propose to take up the subject
and make the offer. What does all that mean ?
Why, it is, that the manifesto of the Ostend con-
ference, signed by the present President himself,
shadowing forth the ultimate purpose of this pol-
icy, and disapproved of by the then Administra-
tion of the United States, is now taken up, re-
vived, presented to this body, and even that
feature of it directly approved by the report of
the committee of the House of Representatives.
Can any man tell me, after all this, that we can-
not understand the purpose of it? I know that
another step has got to be taken before you use
force, that which is always taken on such occa-
sions—to begin to pick a quarrel, prepare the
public mind, and fix the public appetite, upon the
acquisition of that- island. Senators find fault
with the people whom they are about to rob of
this possession. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] occupied a large por-
tion of his speech, and displayed much of his
eloquence, in undertaking to show how tyranni-
cal a government Spain exercised over Cuba.
The first thing it is necessary todo in such cases,
is to call names and get up prejudice against
them. Even Jack Falstaff, when he robbed the
carrieis of the money at Gadslull, callcd them
"gorbbllied knaves." You must call names and
opprobrious epithets to get up a prejudice in the
public mind. The next step is to disparage their
title. The honorable Senator has even done that.
He says that the only title which Spain has got
over Cuba is, that she possesses sovereignty over
it. I wonder what country in this world owns
another by a better title than Spain owns Cuba.
I should like to see any better title. They have
had it for more than three hundred years, with
the exception of a short time in 1762, when it was
taken possession of by the British, and surren-
dered the next year. I think they, hirve got as
good a title as we could be able to show, in a
court of justice, against our Indian friends and
their descendants.
The Senator from Ohio, not content with this,
attempts to find fault with the title which they
have to the country. The amount of his argu-
ment is, that there is no equitable title to Cuba
on the part of Spain. He says:
u It is a possession by mere strictness of title, without
any reason of equitable consideration."
Some Senators, particularly the latter gentle-
man, act upon the notion that Cuba naturally be-
longs to us.
Mr. PIJGM. I think it naturally belongs to
the people who live there; and when the title is
asserted by mere force, against their will, I say it
has no existence.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman knows
nothing about their will. They have not been
consulted about their will. He does not propose
to consult them about it at all.
Mr. PUGH. I supposed the Senator would
allow me to interpret my own language.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is nothing in this
proposition, from the beginning to the end, about
ever asking the people of Cuba anything about
what is to become of them. He says there is no
title. The Senator from Virginia, and I believe
even the Senator from New* York, [Mr. Seward,]
have a notion that it naturally belongs to us. Now,
what would we tlunk of a man whose neighbor's
farm joined hi^ and the owner of it lived some
distance from it, who would insist upon it that it
naturally belonged to him; that he could make
more of it than the man who owned it; and be-
sides that, it joined his property? I can merely j
say that such a man would not be likely to be a
very acceptable neighbor. I think the country !
which entertains notions of that kind in relation i
to territory which joins them, or is near them,
belonging to a nation at a distance, although it
might bo more profitable to them, and insisted
upon it that it naturally belonged to them, and |
that they therefore were unnaturally deprived of
it, I think such a nation is more employed in
coveting their neighbor's property than cultivat-
ing their own, and as likely to lie as unaccepta-
ble neighbors in the family of nations.
Again, we not merely call them names and find
fault with their titles, but we find the report filled
up with complaints about them. The very pre-
amble of the bill before us goes upon the ground
that there are constant aggressions on the part of
the people of Spain in Cuba upon us, increasing,
magnifying every day, and endangering us. It
is obvious, Mr. President, that the next step is
to get up a large body of charges .to prejudice the
public mind, and excite the public indignation if
you can about it, in some way or other, and then
proceed to the taking possession. It is, indeed,
nothing more than a repetition, upon a large scale,
of the old case of Ahab and Naboth. Naboth
refused to sell the inheritance of his father to
Ahab, for a garden of herbs or for the money.
Charges were gotten up against him at the insti-
gation of Jezebel; he was stoned; and she said,
" Now Naboth is dead, go and take possession
of his vineyard, that he refused to sell to you for
money;" and he did it.
Much has been said in the progress of this de-
bate about the prospectofthe interference ofEng-
land and France in this transaction. You will
observe Mr. Marcy says, that we have good
reason to believe that there is a treaty existing be-
tween Spain, on the one 'side, not to sell Cuba,
and France and England on the other to guar-
anty its possession to her. Very well. Now,
when gentleman say if England interferes in the
case of our trade with Spain for Cuba, she will
interfere in that which is none of her business;
and thereupon they commence a long attack upon
Great Britain. They show what violence she nas
committed to the world, and tell her, " why doyou
interfere with us in a trade which both of us agree
to?" Why, Mr. President, that is an unfair at-
tack upon her. Nobody has suggested that France
and England are about to interfere with force in
relation to any trade we may make with Spain
for Cuba. To be sure, the course taken with this
measure was to institute proceedings in Congress,
and publish it to the world that we are moving
about it, and thus giving France and England
notice to prevent Spain from making the trade.
That is what the proceeding is; but they do
not propose to interfere with force about it. It
is when we_ attempt to take it by force that
their interference is to come in; not that they
will interfere with a trade with which they have
nothing to do, but that they will interfere pur-
suant to their own treaty in guarantying that to
Spain when we attempt forcibly to wrest it from
her. 1 do not choose to pursue that part of the
case any further. I agree entirely with what was
said by the hohorable Senator from South Caro-
lina to his people in his address at Barnwell Court-
House, that our undertaking to take forcible pos-
session of Cuba would involve the world in war.
That such a purpose is contemplated now, I have
already given my view upon.
I come now to speak for a little while on the
commercial aspects of this subject. I shall not
occupy a large portion of time with that branch
of the discussion. It is said that if we were to
take in Cuba, we should have no sugar duties to
pay. I believe those sugar duties amount to a
very considerable sum—§4,000,000 a year. Bo-
sides what wo have from Louisiana, at least eight
tenths of all the sugar imported into this coun-
try comes from Havana and Matanzas, in Cuba,
and the duties upon itamounttoa very consider-
able sum—§4,000,000. That mode of argument-
ation addressed to the northern and commercial
part of the United States, seems to be based upon
the simple idea of their cupidity. It is saying to
them: "You gain something by this business;
you can have more trade there; you can save
your sugar duties;" just as if that people wei'e
ready, utterly independent of any sentiment of
regard for the principles of right and wrong, to
agree to the annexation of Cuba on that ground.
Such is the overweemngopimon of their cupidity,
that it seems to be supposed they would enter into
anything if they could make money by it. I do
not think that is well founded. But if these du-
ties upon sugar are really so much of a grievance
and annoyance and trouble, we have got them on
entirely for the benefit of Louisiana; and 1 can
merely say, that if the honorable Senators from
Louisiana want that sugar duty repealed, so that
the people shall not have to pay it, they shall
