1859.
THE CONGKESSltiNAfi GLOBE.
'WF!
have my vote to do it. If they do not want those
duties, they need nothave them. It is a matter
of their own entirely. I can merely say that it
is unnecessary to steal Cuba for that purpose.
But what relief is.there in that? Ail the duties
that you fail to collect upon sugars we have to
pay upon sgme other importations. It would be
no relief at all.
Mr. President, these three great purposes are
thus entertained in the view*of the people of the
South, in the manner I shave stated. I have shown
that they have been, and still are, maintained by
them. Among others, is the acquisition of Mex-
ico, and, I suppose, Central America. Indeed,
the very ground on which this proceeding is
instituted, the very first incipient stage in it, is
based upon a claim which shows it has no termi-
nation to it. We are told in this report, we are
told in the speeches of Senators, that the neces-
sity for obtaining Cuba arises from our owning
Louisiana and Florida. The acquisition of Lou-
isiana, they say .Necessitated the acquisition of
Florida, and these two now necessitate the acqui-
sition of Cuba. Why? Because you must not
have in the hands of a foreign power a country
where there are ports that can give shelter to a
«avy that may annoy your commerce. Then, if
you take Cuba, you must take Jamaica, because
they could fit out ships from-there to annoy Cuba;
you must take San Domingo; you must take the
Bahama islands. The step yqu first take neces-
sarily implies and includes that you shall take
the whole sweep of the West India Islands,
around to Venezuela, at the northeast angle of
South America, and then upon the coast upon
which-it breasts take down through Mexico and
Central America, until you come around to meet
it. In short, as the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs,] who seldom disguises mat-
ters, said, he desires to have announced as the
policy in this country, that we shall take the
tropics, I mean on this side of the world.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is true—the whole of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Exactly. The very found-
ation for this first step produces the necessity
for every other you are to take in the tropics;
but the value of it, as a possession, is yet prob-
lematical. When we look at the people of the
tropics, living in nakedness, unsheltered and un-
housed, and see them live m idleness and prosper
in growth of numbers, we cannot but at once
turn our attention to how this is done. We find
them furnished with the spontaneous productions
of the earth for their support. There are fruits
and nuts all the year round; and half an acre of
untilled banana will support one hundred men
for a year. What does this intimate ? That they
were made to live in idleness, and the country
was made with fruits, to enable them to do it.
[Laughter.] It is the indication of Providence;
and but a very slight degree of philosophy will
confirm it. Man never grows there. He never
takes that position which should entitle him to
be a member of a free, popular Government. He
never was and be never can be, I care not whether
he be white or black.
But, Mr. President, there is something more
than that, that leads me to this conclusion and
confirms me in its correctness; and that is, those
West India Islands have 'been possessed tor al-
most three hundred years; they have been pos-
sessed by all the principal leading Powers of
Europe: England, Denmark, Holland, Belgium,
France, Portugal, Spaie—4 will not say cer-
tainly as -to Portugal; I am not sure of that- have
. possessed there. They have been possessed by
people of all races, and how have they keptthemr
and how cultivated them ? Wholly, exclusively,
with African labor. I agree entirely with the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, that that is so;
perhaps, it must be so.
Well, Mr. President, you have had tliem freely
supplied for more than two hundred years, with-
out the propriety of it being in the least ques-
tioned by any Christian nation, with labor from
Africa. I will state, in all moderation, that there
have been carried to those islands from Africa, four
times as many Africans as all the people that are
now in them. Is it not a tropical region ? Yes.
Does it not produce spontaneous sustenance for
man? Yes. Why have they not thrived there ?
Why has their supply to be so constantly re-
newed ? They have been labored; they have been
worked. I do not charge that all these Christian
people have labored them excessively and im-
properly. It is not their interest to do it. Sir,
that result jumps with the conclusion which I be-
fore stated: they were never made to live within
the tropics ana labor. The thing is a failure.
How does this contrast with the existence of do-
mestic slavery in this country, outside of the
tropics, and in the temperate zone ? Do they not
multiply here? Certainly. It is not the race that
runs out; it is the country; it is the climate. It
is not the treatment so much. People do not de-
stroy their slaves wantonly anywhere, to any
very great extent, probably. There are some
cruel unreasonable masters, no doubt; but they
are limited in number,
Wliat is the doctrine I deduce from this ? It is
this; the experiment of slave labor, for the culti-
vation of the tropics, in the hands of all the peo-
ple who have thus far tried it, is a failure; and,
unless you accompany it with a constant re-sup-
ply from Africa, it always must be a failure; and
therefore, the suggestion that we should under-
take this business upon ourselves, for the purpose
of carrying through a successful experiment in
that country and in our way, has all the physical
laws of human existence and the indications of
Divine Providence against it. Though I do not
suppose what I should suggest .to our southern
brethren will receive much consideration, I hum-
bly submit to them whether it is advisable to cul-
tivate these new attachments for new countries,
and every now and then be disturbing our domestic
peace and threatening to get a bill of divorce and
to displace those relations which will enable us,
as a Christian people, to get along as we are,
quietly.
Mr. President, as to the mode of obtaining these
countries—I mean Central America, and, if you
please, Mexico—do you not perceive that one of
the objects which the southern people entertain
is this very thing: how is it to be done? The
President evidently indorses their view. He sends
111 his message here recommending to us that he
be clothed with power to establish military posts
in Chihuahua and Sonora. I hardly think that
has been responded to by any committee in this
body, as yet; how far it has been in the other
House, I know not. That is one of the means.
What is the rest? The next thing is his annual
message, and then another message following it,
urging and indorsing it, that the Senate shall take
care about the order of their business, and so to
do it that they shall take up the recommendation
he imule in the beginning. What is that? The
truth is, as he says, that our poor little weak
neighbors down south of us are constantly ma-
rauding upon our people, invading their rights,
violating their personal liberties, depriving them
of their property, they are a sort of gang of out-
laws upon us. It seems we have no good neigh-
bors, especially if they are weak ones. Now,
what is to be done with them? The President
asks of us to invest him with power—and a bill
is now before us for that purpose—to use the force
of the Army and Navy of the United States in
procuring redress for such a violation. The bill
before us does not provide anything in relation to
making defense; it is not to defend our people
that that bill is introduced. It commences:
" Whereas, the President of the United States, in dis-
charge of the duty imposed on him by the Constitution,
' from time to time to give to the Congiet-s immolation ot
the state of the Union, and recommend to their consider-
ation such measure-- as lie shall judge necessary arid expe-
dient,' has informed Congress that, by reason ot the dis-
tracted and levoiutionary condition of Mexico, of ceitain
of the States of Central America, and occasionally of those
ill South America, as well the property as the lives and
libel ties of Amenean citizens, peaceably anil rightlully
WitllKi their respective limits, are subjected to lawless vio-
lence.nr otherwise placed in peril, by thObe clinuunsg to be
I in authonty," &c.
I By way of a long recital and preamble. Then
! we come to the act:
■ That whenever it shall be made to appear to the Pie=-
i ulent that am- citizen or citizens of the United State? have
j been subjected, v, ninri the limits of any of the States atore-
i said, and without commensurate offense on th"u part, to
i am- act of foicc, oil the part of those claiming to be in an
tliontv therein, allectiiig the life or liberty ot such citizen
01 citizen-, and the ease, in the opinion of the 1'iesident,
demands on ln  pajt the intel position hercnialter piovuled,
it shall be iawlut tol the President to use the land and naval
forces of the United States, or such part„of them as be may
deein requisite, in such way as, m his judgment, may be
most effectual hv force within the country so offending, to
give full and adequate relief and protection to any citizen
Sr citizens of the United States so injured or iinpenJIed,
and at liis discretion to obtain ledress for ally wrongs so
done: Provided, That the President shall report to Con-
gress (if in session forthwith, or if in recess at its first meet-
ing thereafter) whatever may be done by him at any tiine
in execution of this act: Jlnd provided further, That,its
soon as the object shall be obtained, in any case where the
provisions of this act shall be carried into execution, the
land and naval forces so used shall be withdrawn."
Now, how could such an act ftirriish protection
to anybody ? It is only when the me|n has been
violated in hjs person or liberty, and mattes a
complaint to the President, or the President is in-
formed of it in some way, and he believes that
that case calls for force fox the purpose of getting
redress, not for defense—he cannot defend him
from it; it is after the violence has taken plate •
that the President has then, if in his judgment it
requires it, the use of force, and he is hereby au?
thorized to use force to procure redress. I would
ask whether that does not clothe the President, in
any "case of supposed violence complained of in
Mexico, south of us down to Venezuela, to use
the Navy and Army of the United States, by
force, to procure red ress ? Who is to decide when
he gets redress ? Most unquestionably he must
decide it for himself. If he does not secure re-
dress, he may retain possession of the country
until he does procure redress. That is the bill.
Now, to my mind, that bill is "made and shaped
—it took its conception in the mind of the Pres-
ident—as an instrumentality to be given to him,
by which to take possession of these weak coun-'
tries for the purpose of acquisition. It certainly
clothes him with all the power necessary for that.
I consider it part and parcel of this same plan,
which is entertained for this same purpose, in
support of theJe same southern views.
Mr. President, the Constitution provides that
Congress shall declare war. What is war? I
say, forcible occupation of any part of any coun-
try by armies is war. You need not qualify it by
saying it is an act of war, that it is hostility, or
something of that kind—it is war. Sir, when the
Emperor of Russia took possession of the princi-
palities of Moldavia and Wallachia with a mili-
tary force, merely on the ground claimed to give
protection lo the Greek Church, all Europe de-
clared that war existed. They made no more
declarations. It was prosecuted as a war, and
terminated as a war, after all its scenes of blood.
When Mexico sentan army across the Rio Grande
they were driven out, after the battles of Palo
Alto and Resaca de la Palma; but the act they did
was to come over with an army, to cross the Rio
Grande into a country which they claimed; and
what was done? Our Congress declared that war
existed by the act of Mexico. So we oursfelves
have indorsed it, that the occupancy of any part
of any country by a military force is war. Now_,
sir, I have merely this to say: when the Consti-
tution says that Congress shall declare war, I
take it, it necessarily implies this: that no war
shall exist in this country by the act of the func-
tionaries of this Government unless Congress has
passed upon the constitutional causes of that war.
When power is given to them to declare war,
there is given to tliem, and to them only, the
power to judge whether there is occasion for a
war; and it necessarily follows that if any war ex-
ists in this country, not declared upon us from
abroad, but by the act of this country, if war ex-
ists by any other instrumentality than the declar-
ation of Congress, it exists unconstitutionally.
The people of this country had been, long be-
fore the adoption of their form of Constitution,
! the colonists and descendants of the people of
; England. They had lived under a Government
' where the discretion of the king could involve
5; the nation in war when he pleased; they had
! ; had enough of that; and accordingly, in the Con-
!; stitution, they carefully reserved the power to
j make war to be alone in Congress. When it is
1 said that really our people would be better pro-
! tected abroad if it was known that the Presi-
' dent could at once use force and make war when
i he pleased, that those Governments would bo
.1 more careful m the treatment of our citizens, what
i: does that mean? Why it means this: a monarch-
ical form of Government with the power of war
: in the hands of the Executive, is a desirable Gov-
i ernment, better than ours. It is a power needed,
and it should be had, in the Executive. Sir,
the Constitution is not so; the people thought
otherwise when they made it. But it is said the
President can involve this nation in war when-
ever he pleases, in the exercise of his diplomatic
