1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
power; he has nothing to do but to send an in-
solent correspondence to a foreign nation and in-
volve the' nation in war. Because the President
may, by ahusing the power that he has, make a
war, is a miserable argument that weshould give
him the right to make war when he pleases with-
out abusing anything. If he abuses his diplo-
matic power for such a purpose, he may be im-
peached. If you tell him he may use his discre-
tion about going to war when one of our men ia
imprisoned in Mexico, he can go to war and can-
not be impeached. It is no reason, because he has
the power by abusing his diplomatic functions to
involve this nation in war and subject himself to
an imp.eachment, that, therefore, you shall give
him the power to make war so that he shall ao it
without impeachment.
This billdoes give him that power. It says
that, when in his opinion it shall be necessary to
use force, he may do it. Heretofore, when diplo-
macy had done all its duty, had exhausted all its
arts, the Executive presented the case to Con-
gress, saying, " I have exhausted all my powers,
and I have exhausted my patience; do with it
what you please." That is the theory of our
Government. When General Jackson had pros-
ecuted his claims against France, and had brought
them to a termination by their standing out and
neglecting and refusing topayas they agreed, his
patience became exhausted: what did he do? Ask
for power to take that and all other cases into his
hands, and that he judge whether to usefoice or
not? Not at all. He presented it to Congress,
and all the evidence with it. Now Congress, on
such an occasion, may take a varwty of diffeient
courses. The case may be one in which Con-
gress may think it proper to authorize reprisals.
It may be one in which they think that another
form of diplomacy should be used about it, more
correspondence be opened, a new minister be sent,
or more patience exercised. That is all matter
for Congress, left to them by the Constitution
with great prudence and care, and which ought to
be exercised in the same spirit. But this bill pro-
poses to leave it either to the judgment, taste, or
caprice of the Executive, to judge, in any one par-
ticular case, and every particular case, whether,
in his opinion, force should be used: and if so, to
use it. Congress is never to pass upon the case
at all. It is never to be presented to them. They
have never to exercise their judgment, opinion,
or discretion, about it. Sir, this is a most extraor-
dinary stretch of the claim of power in the hands
ofthe Executive. In my estimation,itnevercould
have been called for but for the purpose of being
used in the spirit in which it is asked; and that
ia, in the spirit of domination and power; the ex-
ercise of the spirit of acquisition and lust of con-
quest and dominion, for the gratification of those
people of the South who desire it.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana very
eloquently described to us the condition of the
West India Islands, and'the havoc which he said
Is ad been produced by the attempt at emancipa-
tion, and the introduction of coolies, and other
abortive efforts of that kind; and he says the
danger is that the whole of that fertile region of
the tropica will be entirely desolated, unless we
take it and introduce our system of slavery. To
aid us further in that, he proceeds to describe to
us the tyranny indicted,011 that people. First,
having informed us that the slave-owners in Cuba,
for nearly twoUiundred years, have been using
up African slaves, and coming them into sugar,
molasses, coffee, tobacco, and cigars, at the rate
of some sweeping amount, so that twenty or
thirty years suffice to cany off the whole mass of
them—such is the cruelty and severity with which
slavery is conducted in that country—he then
tells us how much these very slave-owners are
domineered and tyrannized over by the power of
Spain,' He then, I take it, addresses this nation
now to come to the rescue. This is addressed to
the whole United States—the people of the free
States—to come to the rescue. What is it? He
seems to assume that it is our mission upon this
earth to undertake a great crusade to right the j
v/rongs'bf Cuba, and especially to relieve those
cruel and domineering men who coin the blood of
Africans into sugar to relieve themselves from
the oppressions of Spain. Are they not a strange
people to appeal to us for such help ? Is it pos-
sible that gentlemen can_use an argument of that
kind with any idea that it wiU reach the hearts of
the northern people ? Do they mean to say to
our people, " we want you to make slavery per-
petual through all the West India Islands and the
tropics, and help the masters from being in any
way frustrated in this design by any foreign coun-
try ?" The eloquence of the Senator from Louisi-
ana for such a purpose is almost equal to, and al-
most as reasonable as, the eloquence of Peter the
Hermit, when he preached the crusades of the
middle ages. Sir, we .will respond to nothing of
that kind'. We do not believe these men entitled
to our help. They have manifested no such char-
acter as lays foundation for any claim upon our
humanity; nor does the great purpose for which
he asks our aid, address itself any better to our
assistance.
It is assumed here, as I think, that Cuba will
consent to all this; that they desire to be annexed
to us. Where do we find evidence of that? Gen-
tlemen seem to suppose, because we like our insti-
tutions, because we like our forms of popular
government, that, therefore, they would desire it?
Now, there is no quarreling about tastes—degus-
tibus non est dhjnUandum. Do you believe that
the Cubans really desire it? Why, sir, more
than half of their slaves now are those bozal ne-
groes brought from Africa contrary to law, since
1817. Do you really believe they want a Gov-
ernment put over them that would say, you shall
not hold these people that you obtained contrary
to law? Not they. Thoy desire no such thing.
There is another topic on which I desire to
make some remarks in this connection. Gentle-
men say that the Island of Cuba commands the
commerce of the Mississippi. I do not believe it.
There is nothing in it at all; but I have a word to
say 011 that topic, inasmuch as they view it in
that light. One of those sentiments entertained,
against which the honorable Senator from South
Carolina labored with his people, was this desire
of separation, secession, division of the Union.
Among our great securities against such a result,
was this very river Mississippi. Wo have be-
lieved that while the Alleghany Mountains stood
where they do, and while the Mississippi flows
where it does, a division of this Union is imprac-
ticable—absolutely impracticable. The whole of
the head waters of the Mississippiand its branches
are inhabited by the people of the free States.
There never was,'and never will be, a successful
commercial people upon the face of this earth,
that have the outlet and the inlet to their commerce
in the handsjof a foieign nation. It never can be
endured. Our first settlement upon the Ohio, when
the mouth of the Mississippi river was in the
hands of Spain, was broken up; at least, it did
not progress any; but the moment Spain refused
to renew her treaty, they threatened to go down
there and take possession of that country, even
in that infancy of the Government. Now, sir,
the natural outlet of all that region drained by the
Mississippi and its upper tributaries, the whole
region beyond the Ohio, Kentucky, western Vir-
ginia on each side, or, if you please, Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and
Minnesota, is by the way of the Mississippi.
This is the great channel of commerce, and al-
ways must be. I can merely say, if the slave
States of this Union form a Confederacy, and
choose to make a separate nation by themselves,
they cannot retain the mouth of the Mississippi
unless they take those western States in with
them; and then they will be in the same condi-
tion of division and conflict that they are now.
Those States will of course take possession of it;
and that divides your supposed and projected
kingdom utterly in two.
It may be that some of those southern gentle-
men have the idea that if they get us to buy Cuba,
when they separate they will have the key to the
mouth of the Mississippi; and inasmuch as many
of them say they are going out any way, without
any conditions to it, without a peradventure, it is
certainly a very modest request for us to advance
money to obtain that country, to enable them to
be strong and sustain themselves as a nation, to
the entire destruction of the western commerce,
whenever they shall separate and set up for them-
selves. They can hardly expect frhat we should
really respond to that, and aid them in getting it
for that purpose," to encourage them to make a
division; yet that seems to be the project which
is now presented to us.
Mr. President, I have some other subjects stand-
ing in various relations to this topic, but I am sen-
sible that I have occupied very much time, and
infinitely more of the attention of the Senate than
I expected. I will say, however, that in my own
opinion it is advisable for us to attend to the im-
provement of our internal condition. We ought
properly to estimate the blessings we possess.
We ought to enable ourselves to realize its value.
It contains great and unoccupied regions. Take
a single State for instance, like Illinois; say it has
a million and a half of inhabitants in it now. It
is agreed on all hands that there is not more than
one eighth part of its surface that has the mark of
cultivation upon it. That country, then, is capable
of sustaining a population of twelve million people
as well as what it does what they have there, and
each million to occupy as much ground as those
now there do, and never disturb them at all; and yet
we are wanting land. Mr. President, when that
shall fill up with the enterprise and intelligence of
this people, they will be a people in all the relations
of life better fitted, better housed, better clothed,
and better instructed, than they now are. So, too,'
will be the whole condition of our country, as
well of other States as that. Let us build the
pyramid of our greatness, not on shifting sands,
not upon a constantly changing basis, by enlarg-
ing its borders and going for expansion; but let
it rise in unity, symmetry, and beauty, making
a nation governed by principles, not of filibuster-
ing, not of coveting other possessions, but gov-
erned by principles which shall command our
respect, our patriotism, and love, at home, and
the respect of nations abroad.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I prefer
going on now, late as the hour is, because I per-
ceive that unless the friends of this bill stand by
it, we shall not getafinal vote upon it. I11 rising,
particularly after the address to which we have
just listened, to support a bill which appropriates
money for the purchase of the Island of Cuba,
my mind is embarrassed and impressed not only
by the multitude and variety of the topics which
cluster around it, and which, as we have seen
here at this moment, have, more or less, entered
into the discussion, but by the importance and
gravity of the considerations which it involves.
The honorable Senator who has just taken his
seat has referred to this as somewhat of a sec-
tional issue, as if the South were supporting this
measure to get a few more slave States into the
Union, to restore some fancied equilibrium.
Mr. President, I come to the discussion not aa
a sectional man; and whether there was a slave
in the Island of Cuba or not, til# course which I
took would be the one I take now. Whenever
the issue is presented where the rights of the sec-
tion which I, in part,represent, shall depend upon
an equilibrium of slave States with free States in
this Confederacy, I shall take the responsibility
of using what little influence I possess to advise
my people to quit it. No, sir; our rights in this
Union depend, I trust, on our enlightened intel-
ligence; upon our loyal hearts and strong arms,
and our ability to maintain them, as those will
find who ever choose to invade them.
Now, Mr. President, this is 110 idle discussion.
Whether we shall have a vote or not, the results
are to be tangible for good or evil. If this bill
shall pass both Houses of Congress, nay, if it
shall pass but the Senate, I trust it will appear to
Spain at least as a shadow which certainly tells
of coming events. Nay, sir, whether it shall pass
this body or not, the effect will be,inevitably, that
by concentrating and enlightening public opinion,
it will show Spain that there is a destiny which
shapes the ends of this country, to which she, no
less than ourselves, must submit. Therefore, sir,
I want the discussion; I believe the effect on the
main question will be gained whether the bill
shall pass or not.
Here, upon the very threshold—for I intend to
discuss the question frankly, having given some
little attention to the subject,it being one in which
I feel very deep interest—I am bound to say that,
in my own judgment, Cuba is not for sale for
money; that in my judgment she has not been for
sale for money for a quarter of a century; and
that, for twenty-five years past, annually, the dis-
inclination of Spain to part with her has been in-
creasing; and that we are further from it to-day,
for a moneyed consideration, than we have been
for a quarter of a century. Spain has seen her
American offspring wandering off, each in its
