1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
separate orbit; she gave a most unwilling assent
to their independence on the urgency of mutual
friends, and she still retains an angry recollection
of their dereliction. She has watched Cuba in
her infancy; she has watched her adhering to the
parent country until she has earned for herself,
with what justice I will not here undertake to as-
certain, the title of" the ever faithful;" and now,
when she has increased in strength and beauty,
and when the mother is winning golden earnings
torn the abasement of the daughter; now, sir,when
e ties of self-interest have clustered around her,
increased also by the ties of affection, it is.,not
surprising that'Spain should be unwilling to part
with her. But, before I sit down,! trust to be
able to satisfy the Senate that Spain may be in-
duced even now, in this very" year, for a proper
consideration, a proper relation to ourselves, not
as an enemy, not as a belligerent, but as a friend
having mutual ties and mutual interests, perhaps
to part with Cuba upon fair terms. ■
The vigorous views so unequivocally presented
by the President in his annual message, constitut-
ing as they do not only a marked feature of this
Administration, but of the age in which we live,
calculated, as I sincerely believe they are, to ex-
pedite the regeneration of Cuba, either as an inde-
pendent Power, sustained and supported by our
arms, or under the stars and stripes of our own
country, have touched a chord of the popular
heart thatis certainly awakening afervid response
throughout the length and breadth of the land.
Scarcely a paper "can we take up now which does
not convince us that this is no longer a sectional
issue; and I honestly believe thatif'the country
were polled to-day, there would be found more
men north of Mason and Dixon's line in favor of
the acquisition of Cuba, than there are south of it.
It should not, therefore, be treated as a sectional
measure; and all of the South who support it
should not be charged with anticipating the addi-
tion of a few more slave States to the Union. The
President is entitled to my thanks, at least, for
bringing this long cherished Cuban policy, which
I now see is denominated political necessity, to
the attention of Congress; and, so far as I can act,
he shall have my cooperation in attaining a work
which I doubt not is identified with the future
welfare of the country.
Why, sir, from the acquisition of L'ouisiana
to the present hour, the acquisition of Cuba lias
been regarded as a necessary conftquenr.e of that
measure; and every prominent statesman in the
present century.from Jefferson to Mr. Buchanan,
or nearly every one, has, directly or indirectly,
advocated this measure as one of great national
policy. Banks, tariffs, internal improvements,
domestic slavery, questions of peace and war and
conquest, havedisturbed political parties through-
out the country, each in their turn; but the acqui-
sition of Cuba has been an admitted and cherished
feature in the platform of every political party of
this country yet. When Mr. Clinton, of New
York, was discussing the Mississippi question
before the Senate, in 1808, he made these remarks:
" The seizure of New Oi leans would ves>t us with a place
of deposit; but a placo of deposit without a free u^e of the
Mississippi would be entirely useless. As long, as the en-
emy holds the country below New Orleans, and posse^es
a superior naval foiee, so long will we be excluded from the
Mississippi. Suppose, however, tins obstacle remoced;
suppose we are enabled to pass into the Gulf, without mo-
lestation : is it not necessary tor vessels to ha* the Island of
Cuba, on then' pJssxijje to the Atlantic States > And will not
this expose them to certain capture, as long as Spain retains
that important pos^sion ? To accute thegie.it object saiel
to be aimed at by tins resolution, and to e>tuUi%h, beyond
the reach of annoyance, a Cree communication between the
.dtlavtir. and western States, we must seize not only New
Oilean*, but the Fioridas and Cuba; and we must immedi-
ately create a formidable Navy.'''
It appears distinctly that in that time not only
the friends of the Mississippi question, but its en-
emies, looked to the acquisition of the Island of
Cuba as the necessaiy consequence of the acqui-
sition of Louisiana. X quote now from Mr. Hus-
kisson's remarks,in speaking of this very ques-
tion, and calling the attention of the British Par-
liament, to it, and to Mr. Jefferson's opinions on
the subject:
" If the United States have declared that they cannot
allow the Island of Cuba to belong to any maritime Powci
m Europe, Spam excepted, neither can England, asthf first
of thGi-e niaiitimt? Powers—I say it feailessfy, because F feel
it snonsjly—sulfei the United States to bung under their
domtnnm a greater portion of the shoies of the Gulf of Mex-
ico Hum inry nowpobsf'&s. Wiihm the last twenty-seven
. yeais. thev have become masteis of all the shores of that
Gulf, from the Point of Florida to the river Sabine, includ-
ing the mouths of the Mississippi, and of other great rivers,
the port of New Orleans, and the valuable and secure har-
bors of Florida; and, within these few days, we Ifear of
their intention of forming a naval station and arsenal-at the
islands of the Dr^Tortugas, a commanding position in the
Gulf Stream, between FJpnda and Cuba. With all this
extent of coasts and islands, we know^ further, that designs
are entertained, and daily acted upon—i will not say by the
present Government of the United States, but, notoriously,
by the people—to get possession of the fertile and extensive
Mexican province of Texas, To borrow an expression of
a deceased statesman of that country,4 the whole people of
America have their eye* upon that province. They look on
all the country between the river Sabine and the river
Bravo del Norte as a territory that must, ere long, belong
to their Union. They have also, I believe, that same eye
upon some of the western co^st of Mexico, possessing val-
uable ports m the Gulf of California. Should they obtain
these districts, the independence of Mexico, I will venture
to say, will be no better, 01 more secure, than that of the
Creek Indians, or any other Indian tribe now living witlnn
the circle of the present recognized limits of the United
States, and the Gulf of Mexico will becomeasmuch a part
of their waters as the Black sea was once of the watets of
Turkey, or as the channel which separates England and
Ireland may be considered as part of the waters of the Uni-
ted Kingdom.
" I may be told, sir, that these are visionary alarms, con-
templating schemes of aggrandizement and ambition which
nevei have been, and probably never v^ll be, entertained
in any quarter. At this inoment,I willingly admit that there
exi«ts a friendly disposition m the Government of the Uni-
ted States; and I cannot doubt that his Majesty's Govern-
ment fully reciprocates that disposition. Upon every ac-
count, I am glad to see these two powerful States living
upon terms of honorable and mutual confidence, each re-
lying upon' the peaceful counsels of the other, But it is not
to be imputed to me that I am undervaluing this good un-
derstanding, or that I am guilty of want of respect towards
the United States, or even of discretion as an individual
member of Parliament, if, on this occasion, I do not lose
sight of those circumstances of a permanent nature which
belong to the fixed policy of the United States, and to those
motives of action which, however dormant at present,
would probably be revived under contingencies that, in the
courscof events, may hereafter arise—contingencies which
the views and passions of the American people would not
fail to turn to account for the attainment of a long-clierishcd
and favorite object.55 *******
"In respect to the Gulf of Mexico and the immense in-
terests—commercial, colonial, and maritime—which aie
closely connected with the navigation of that Gulf, these
memoirs aic full of instruction—I might say of admonition
—well deserving the most serious attention of the people of
this country. I will not trouble the Hoube with any long
extiacts from them ; but I cannot deny myself the oppor-
tunity of pointing their attention to a few passages, which
show how soon the United States, after they beeame a sep-
arate nation, fixed their eye upon the Gulf of Mexico, and
huw- steadily and successfully they have watched and
seized every opportunity to acquire dominion and ascend-
ency m that part of the woild. Within seven years after
the time when their independence had been established,
and finally recognized in 1783. we find them setting up a
claim of free navigation of the Mississippi ftom its source
to the Gulf of Mexico,* and it rv not a little curious to see
what was the oppoitumty which they tookfcf asserting their
right against Spain—a Power ihat had matenally agisted
them in obtaining their independence. In the year r<90, it
will be recollected that a dispute bad ariafn between Eng-
land and Spam respecting Nootka Sound. Whilst thCM} two
countries were arming, and everything appealed to threaten
war between them, the United Suites thought that they saw,
in the embarrassment of Spain, an opening to claim the navi-
gation as of right. Whether such a claim could orcouid
not be sustained by any principle of the law of nations, is a
question winch I will not now stop to examine. The aflirm-
ativc was at once boldly assumed by America, and her de-
maud proceeded upon that assumption. The right once so
affirmed, what does the House think was the corollary
which the Government of the Untied States built upon their
assertion of their supposed right > I will give uinthe words
of Mr. Jefferson himself, not a puvate individual, but the
Secretary of State, conveying the instructions of his Gov-
ernment to Mr. Carmichael, then the American envoy at
Madrid: (You know,' wutes Mr. Jefferson,£ that the i>uv-
igdtion cannot be practiced without a port, wheie the sea
and livei vessels may meet and exchange loads, and those
employed about them may he sate and unmolested. The
rignt to use a thing comprehends a right to the means ne-
cessary to its use, and without which it would be useless.'
1 know not what the expounders of the law of nations in
the Old World will have to say to this new and stauling
doctrine. I11 this instruction, which is dated the 52d of Au-
gust, 1790, the pimciple is onl> laid down m the abstract
" I will now show the House the special application of
it to the claim 111 question, by Quoting another letter from
Mi. Jefferson to Mr. Short, the American envoy at l'aris,
dated only eight dajs after the foimer, namely, the lfttii of
Ausu:-t. It is a*, follows* 'The idea of ceding the island
of New Orleans could not be hazarded to Spain in the fir^t
step: it would be too disagreeable at first view ; because
this island, with its town, constitutes, at pi esent, their prin-
cipal settlement m that part of their dominion, (Louisiana.')
containing about ten thousand wnite inhabitants, of every
aije and sex. Reason and events, however, may, by little
and little, lamihanze them to it. That we have a right to i
some spot as an cntiepot for our commerce, may beat once j
affirmed. I suppose this idea (the cession of New Oileans)
too much, even for the Count de Montmorm at first, and
that, therefore, you will find it prudent to mge and get him
to recommend to the Spanish Com t. only 111 general terms,
a port near the mouth of the liver, wiih a circumjacent ter-
ritory sufficient for us support, well defined, and extia-ter-
ritonal to Spain, leaving the idea to future growth.J "
He quotes this extract from a letter of Mr.
Jefferson to Mr. Monroe, of the 4th of Mav,
1806: 3
" We begin to broach the idea thai we consider the whole
Gulf Stream as our own waters, in which hostilities and
cruising are to be frowned on for the present, and profiib-
ited so soon as either consent or force will permit us."
Mr. Huskisson continues:' ' r
" If the United States/ broached this idea,' in 18051 they
are not likely to have abandoned rtin 1819, wh#n, rn addi-
tiOQ to Louisiana, they procured, by treaty with Spain, tbe
further important cession of the Fioridas. That it is a grow-
ing, rather than a waning, principle of their policy, I think
we may infer from a letter which we find in -tbis corre-
spondence, not written, indeed, by Mr. Jefferson in any pub-
lic character, but addressed by him, asa person exercising,
from his retirement, the greatest sway in the councils of the
J? thf Pr£s^m' This letter> dated so lately as the
24th of October,1823, discusses the interest of the United
iStates in respect to Cuba and the Gulf of Mexico, and these
are the statements which it avows: ' I candidly confess
that I ever looked on Cuba as themo?t interesting addition
that could ever be made to our system of States, The con-
trol which, with Florida Point, this island would give us
over the Gulf of Mexico, and the countries'and isthmus
bordering upon it, as well as all those whose waters flow
into it, would fill up the measure of our political well-being.
Vet I am sensible that this can never be obtained, even
with her own consent, but by war.' 
In connection with this subject, because the
opinions of my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Hammond] have been quoted here/1 looted to
his speech and.I found that his friends.might be
mislead into the idea that even Mr. Calhoun was
opposed to this policy. It is well known to Mr.
Calhoun's private friends that he was in favor of
the acquisition of Cuba at the very earliest period
compatible with the honor of the country. In
this body, in 1848, in a speech upon the Yucatan
question, he said:
" There are cases of interposition where I would resort
to the hazard of war, with all its calamities. Am r asked
for one? I designate the ease ot Cuba. So long as Cuba
remains in the hands of Spain—a friendly Power, a Power
of which we have no dread—it should continue to be, as it
has been,the policy of all Administration* ever since I have
been connected with the Government, to let Cu£a remain
there; but with the fixed determination, which I hope
n^verwil! he relinquished, that if Cuba pass from her, It
shall not be into any other hands but ours; this, not from
a feeling of ambition, not from a desire for the extension of
dominion, but because that iMand is indispensable to the
safety of the United States; or rather, because it is Indis-
pensable to the safety of the United States that this island
should not be in certain hands."
The remark which is put into Mr. Calhoun's
mouth, that Cuba is forbidden fruit, he never
used. As I said before, his friends knew well
that his whole heart was in the acquisition of
Cuba, at the very earliest day compatible with
the honor of the country. I could quote hundreds
of authorities, binding upon both sides of all po-
litical questions. I could show you how the lead-
ing men of the last century, whom we are accus-
tomed to quote for authority, regarded this ques-
tion. I am yet to learn one who was not in favor
of the acquisition of Cuba at the very earliest
moment consistent with the lrfterests and. honor
of the country.
Now, sir, whence comes this general unanim-
ity ? Why is it that the varied interests of our
countty, differing widely as they do in popula-
tion, in climate, in soil, m production, have gen-
erally concurred in the wisdom and policy of re-
garding this as a great national measure ? Why
is it that the pro-slavery cotton planter of Texas,
and the abolitionist manufacturer of Massachu-
setts, meet with a common union and a common
platform, and are to-day, while I am speaking,
battling' together for this very policy? Why is
it that the State of Connecticut, in New England,
has inserted a resolution, within a very few days
past, in favor of the acquisition of Cuba ? Here
let me say, that she was the first State to lead off
for the annexation of Texas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator say the
Legislature of Connecticut has passed any such
resolution ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was passed by a Dem-
ocratic caucus.
Mr. MALLORY". That is authority for that
State, of course.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was a Democratic State
convention; not a caucus.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask, whence comes this
general unanimity of fpoling? It is not confined
to the South; it is equally found North, East,and
West. It is a growing notion; and, as this dis-
cussion progresses, it will become, in my judg-
ment,.an overwhelming one, and will shape some-
what the future policy ojfthe country, it is found,
