1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
up the unfinished business, which is the Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration the subject I presented yesterday,
and for reasons then given, which I hope it is un-
necessary to repeat—the adverse reports which
are upon the Calendar, in order that they may be
considered, and, so far as they do not involve de-
bate, disposed of at the present session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has called
up the special order. Does the Senator move to
postpone thit ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, informally; merely to
take up the adverse reports.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] wishes to address the Senate on the
railroad question; and if it will not interfere with
him I shall be very glad to yield to the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. Wherever a case brings up de-
bate we can let it go over, so as to occupy but a
short time in disposing of reports which involve
no debate.
Mr. BELL. I should be very glad to accede to
the wishes of the Senator from Mississippi; but,
as I expect to be compelled by necessary private
business to be absent next week, I had a desire,
if an opportunity were presented to-day, to state
briefly some of the positions which I had taken
formerly upon the subject of a Pacific railroad,
and to show that I had' not changed my views of
the importance and necessity of such a measure.
I fear that I shall not have that opportunity if I
yield to the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I will wait until you get through,
then, if you will not wait for roe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Mississippi withdraw his motion?
Mr. DAVIS. Of course.
Mr. BELL. I shall not occupy many minutes.
I am not prepared to enter into any argument in
detail.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen, and munitions of war,
and all other Government service, by railroad,
from the Missouri river to San Francisco, in the
State of California.
The pending question, as modified before the
adjournment on Tuesday last, was on Mr. Polk's
amendment to strike out the proposed eastern
terminus of the road, in lines seven and eight of
the first section of the bill, in these words:
« On the Missouri river, between the mouths of the Big
Sioux and Kansas liveis."
And insert in lieu thereof:
Between a point m the boundary of Minnesota, 011 the
forty-ninth parallel of north latitude, aud the southern
boundary of the United Slates.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I have stated al-
ready that I do not propose to enter into the dis
that may be derived from it—unless the Govern-
ment contributes its aid, it can never be enjoyed,
and we can never maintain our Pacific coast
against any great maritime Power.
Gentlemen talk and speculate of transporting
there the necessary military force and munitions
of war, without any such road as this; and they
refer to the probability of wagon roads, the feasi-
bility of which is disclosed, it is said, by the
practical operation of the mail route that we have
authorized. Why, sir, I have never yet heard a
military man say it was practicable, withoutarail-
road, such as we propose by this bill, to trans-
port an army across the continent for the defense
of our western frontier. The honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] the other day
pointed out clearly that, even in time of peace, it
was not practicable; an idea which he stated he
did not include in the first report that he made
on this subject when Secretary of War. Then,
I say, a railroad to the Pacific is a matter of ne-
cessity, if we mean to be prepared to hold our
possessions there in the contingency of a war
with any great maritime Power—with England,
or with France—and much more with those two
Powers combined. In such a contingency the
routes that we are so anxious to secure across the
Isthmus would be unavailable to us until atleast
a long period, and until our resources had been
very much exhausted in building up a navy to
compete with those great Powers. Prom three
to five years at least, with all the energy we can
employ, and all our financial and material re-
sources, must transpire in the event of such a
war, before we could be able to compete with
those Powers.
An idea was thrown outby the gentleman from
California [Mr. Gwix] the other day, which is
certainly well entitled to consideration. It might
suggest itself to our minds on a careless consider-
ation, that a maritime force on our western coast
would not be able to supply themselves. The
country could not doit. The supplies therefrom
agricultural products would not be more than
sufficient to subsist the population; but, as was
demonstrated, the supplies from other countries
would be as accessible to an enemy, and within
as short a distance; nay, shorter than they would
be from the Atlantic States. Then my opinion
is, as stated long since, that if this work is to be
constructed, it will have to be by Government
aid; and as I said the other day in conversation,
to the honorable Senator from Mississippi, my
principal objection to his proposition to amend
the original bill is grounded upon the small de-
gree of aid that he proposes to give by this Gov-
ernment. I think it is not enough; it is not, in
my judgment, half enough. And even when such
a road shall have been constructed by a contri-
bution on the part of this Government, by a loan
of its resources, or its credit if you please, of
$50,000,000, then there is another difficulty in my
mind. Suppose capitalists, upon the promise of
this aid, much as it may appear in the views of
gentlemen, shall have accomplished this great
cussion of the subiect in any detail, or to express ,, B  , . ~ n
my views at any length up£n it. I wish merely ,| work, where „ the fund provided;
to advert to some of the positions that 1 took on
this floor as far back as seven years ago. My
friend from California remembers some of them.
I will state now that, from the first dawn of our
settlements and empire on the Pacific coast, from
the time of the ratification of the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo and the emigration that set in so
soon afterwards, which was increased by the
extraordinary discoveries of gold in California,
seeing that we should iiave probably a dense popu-
lation 111 California, and in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories, I have never hesitated or faltered
in the opinion, that if we meant to hold our em-
pire there, this wasawork of inevitable necessity;
that it was one of such.a gigantic nature, and was
surrounded by such circumstances, that it could
not be safely left to private enterprise. What-
ever may be done in the future, half a century or
a century hence, it is unnecessary to conjecture;
but for a long period at least, there is a region of
country along on any route to thelacmc,e
in# north and south, upon an average
resources contemplated by this bill to enable that
company to operate such a road through a desert
tract of five hundred miles? Select any route you
choose of the many that have been pointed out as
practicable at some cost, and what is to be the
I reliance of the country upon the ability of a pri-
vate corporation or company to continue to oper-
ate a road over an extent of two thousand miles,
five hundred of which can contribute nothing
either in the way of way trade or way travel to
supply the current expenses of it?
My objection is not founded, then, 011 the large
amount of means proposed to be provided on
the part of this Government, or the extent of
credit proposed to be conceded to private indi-
viduals, to aid in the construction of this road.
On that point, my objection is that the grant is
! not liberal enough. Seven years ago, I expressed
| the opinion that if it was a question whether this
.1 rood was to be or never to be, and this Goverii-
xtend- ment was to contribute $150,000,000 to secure it,
some four it would be a measure of economy to grant that
hundred and fifty or five hundred ^ p"dte Sm
bids the investment of pnvate 1 , „ tl western and eastern slopes of this continent
pectation of it. Therefore,if we are to ^s;ein the Bame p^al union or confed-
means of intercommunication toi war purposes , 0
I put it mainly on that ^ ^^Jnlencef 'i " I contend, further, that it would be a measure
of the commercial advantages ana comuutnus
of economy even, to contribute that large amount
—looking at the necessary expense and the prob-
able annual cost of transporting the -mail, which
was but a small item; though, as I.stated then, I
believed the cost of mail transportation between
the Atlantic States and California to be eight Of
nine hundred thousand dollars; but it has now
reached the enormous amount of $2,200,000 an-
nually. What is to be the cost of furnishing mil-
itary supplies to our troops guarding our exten-
sive Indian frontiers, not only on the slopes of
the Pacific, butin New Mexico, and other interior
Territories ? I am informed by those gentlemen
who have looked into it with more care than
myself, that it has not amounted .to less than ten
million dollars for the last year. What prospect
is there that the cost, in the future, of the trans-
portation of military supplies for the defense of
our interior settlements against the Indians that
are disposed to be hostile upon both our exten-
sive borders,eastern and western, will be lessened ?
No gentleman who looks at it, can suppose for a
moment that the cost will be less in any future
year.
I have seen it stated, I think, in the morning
papers of to-day, that there is information from
New Mexico that the war with the Navajoes has
not ceased, and is not expected to cease during
the winter, nor for a long seiies of years. What
is to be the cost of that? Why, sir, let us re-
member that it cost $40,000,000 to wage a wfr
against a handful of Indians in the peninsula of
Florida, every cent of which has been expended
by this Government in the suppression of hostil-
ities there; and there is not an end of the expend-
itures yet. Then look at the extensive region
between our settlements beyond the Mississippi
and those on the Pacific coast, roamed over by
two hundred and fifty thousand, or, according to
some estimates, three bundled thousand Indians. ^
Although they may agree to treaties, and make
peace from year to year; although they may re-
ceive large bounties from this Government in the
shape of annuities, we know they are ever ready
for an onslaught when hunger pinches. "We can
hardly dream that good faith will be observed
even on the part of tribes much further advanced
in civilization than any of them. When, then,
is this expenditure to cease ? Never.
Well, gentlemen may say that the cost of this
transportation, and of supporting our military
posts on these two extensive frontiers, will still
be a subject of large expenditure to the Govern-
ment, even when we have this road. That is true.
We can only look then to diminished expendi-
tures. A considerable diminution of them we
may well calculate upon; but that they will fall
below ten millions of dollars annually, I predict
will not take place in the next twenty years, un-
less we have such a road. This is in time of
peace in protecting our frontiers from two hun-
dred thousand or three hundied thousand Indians.
But when you talce into consideration the contin-
gency of war by any foreign Powerattacking our
western possessions, (there is the point where we
are the weakest, and the first point where they
would make their attack,) and when you come to
make an estimate of the cost of transporting sup-
plies, which cannot be expected to be furnished
in California, Washington, and Oregon, and our
access to them by the ocean would probably be
cut off by the superior naval power of ouroppo-
nent, then the question is not so much of cost as
| of possibility. The Senator from Mississippi, the
other day, expressed the sentiment that it would
| be impossible to furnish supplies to our Pacific
I possessions in such an event. I concur fully with
! him. It would be utterly impossible. Weshould
' not only lose for the present, but for many years
' after such a contest, the possession of those re-
gions, but we should be dishonored in our charac-
1 ter, we should lose our prestige as a growing,
powerful, and irresistible people, as we some-
' times imagine ourselves to be; or if we were to
■ maintain our possessions there under such ad-
I verse circumstances, it would be at such an ex-
; pense as would almost exhaust the resources of
i the country, great as theyare,and the bais ofgolci
I in addition which may be expected to be supplied
| from California and the other regions where gold
, is found. . • t i
i Then this road is a matter of necessity—1 place
j it upon thatground—if we expect to hold posses-
I sion.of our dominions on the Pacific coast. I will
