1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
to say a "word, and that word I desire to say to
the northern Democracy.
I say distinctly, I desire to say it to them and
whenever, during to-morrow, I shall have an op-
portunity of speaking, I wish their presence, be-
cause what I have to say I design for them espe-
cially and separately.
Mt, KENNEDY. If the vote is to be pressed
to-morrow'evening 
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. BRODERICK. It cannot be pressed then.
Mr. KENNEDY. I hope not. I desire to be
heard on this question. I am prepared to go on
to-night or to speak to-morrow.
Several Senators. We will hear you to-mor-
row.
Mr, FESSENDEN. You may depend upon
it the vote will not be taken to-morrow night.
Mr. BRODERICK. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 21, 1850.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 445) for the relief of Samuel A. Fairchilds;
when the Speaker signed the same.
COMMITTEE OF INVESTIGATION.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Nichols,
Winslow, Eustis, Wiiitkley, and Ci,akk B.
Cochrane, as the select committee under the res-
olution of the House of the J 8th instant, to inves-
tigate the charges against a member of the Com-
mittee on Accounts.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Green-
wood, Morrill, and Smith of Tennessee, man-
agers on the part of the House of the conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House this morning to permit me to
report a bill which J nin unanimously authorized
by the Committee for the District of Columbia to
report, to supply the cities of Washington and
Georgetown with water. It prescribes the terms
on which they shall tap the main pipe. The bill
will not consume five minutes of the time of the
House; and I ask leave to report it and that it
may be put upon its passage.
Mr. LOVfiJOY. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to sus-
pend the rules already pending, and the previous
question is also operating.
Mr. BONHAM. [ ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back a Senate bill, with-
out amendment, for the purpose of having it re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. 1 missed the opportunity of
reporting it on the last day the committee was
called.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
ARMY APPROPRIATION -BILL.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the <Xrmy appropriation
bill and the amendments thereto reported fiom
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on which the main question has been or-
dered.
First amendment:
Page I, line nine, strike out "one handled tlioH^aml,"
and m&eit, in lieu tlieieof, " eiiility-innu thousand eight
handled ;imi ninety-nine &o that the clau-e will read.
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of recruits,
three months' extra pay to non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and jinv.iti-.-, on roenh&tment, {$89,1)99.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Bcnham] if this is the amendment which
affects the pay of General Scott?
Mr FAULKNER. It does not affect the pay
of General Scott.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Page2, line fourteen, strike out "ninety," and insert, in
lieu thereof, "thirty;" and at the end of ime fifteen, add the
following:
And the sum of ,$60,000, which is deducted from the
amount estimated for Commutation of officers' subsistence,
shall be deducted from the extra rations allowed to com-
mandants of military posts;
So that the paragraph will read:
For commutation of officers' subsistence, $938,434 50;
and the sum of $60,000, deducted from the amount esti-
mated for commutation of officers' subsistence, shall be de-
ducted from the extra rations allowed to commandants of
military posts.
Mr. BONHAM. I would like to inquire of the
Chair if this House understands that this amend-
ment would take $4,380 from the pay of the com-
manding general>
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it does,
we will vote it down.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any debate.
Mr. BONHAM. I say it has that effect; and
1 hope ]t will be voted down. /
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Chaffee were appointed.
The yeas and nays were not ordered fthe tellers
having reported—ayes seventeen, (not one fifth
of a quorum.)
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded tellers
upon the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Durfee were appointed.
Mr BONHAM. Mr. Speaker, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs informs me
that——
Several Members objected to debate.
Mr. BONHAM. I only wish to correct a mis-
take.
Objection was renewed.
The House was divided on the question; and
the teileis repotted—ayes 57, noes 69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid ypon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and na^s were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that the
House have voted under a misapprehension.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 withdraw
my motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I renew the motion
to reconsider; and, on that motion, call for the
yens and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BONHAM. Has the gentleman the right
to move to tt'consider the vote by which the
amendment was rejected ? He did not vote with
the majority.
The SPEAKER. It l^as been usual to allow
any member to move to reconsider where no re-
cord of the vote has been made.
Mr. BONHAM. Justice requires me to state
that 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Debate is not m
order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Mos^r* Abbott, Adiain, Ahl, Andrew*, Avery,
Hennetr, Rinphnm, Bonham, Bowie, Bray ton, Buihngame,
Cavanauuh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins,
Ciasrin, James Craig, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dimmick, Durfee,
Edie,Farnswoith.Fcnton, Florence, Foster, Gil!is,Gilmari,
Gilmei, Giegg, Giover, Grow, Robert B. Hail, Harlan,
Hawkins. Hickman, Hill, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Owen
Jones Kenu, Kelsey, Kilgore, bandy, Leach. Leidy,Letter,
Lovejoy, Matteson. AFaynard, Miles, Montgomery, Moigan,
Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morns, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Oiin,
Palmer, Tarkei, Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips,
Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Eeilly, Ricaitd, Robbms, Royce,
Scott. Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, James A. Stew-
art, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Trippe, Vance, Walbridge,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, EHihu 13. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watkiris, White, and Wilson—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson,.Atkins, Barksdale, Bocock,
Boyce*, Branch, Bryan, Buffinton, Burnett, Case, Caskie,
John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Bur-
ton Craige, Crawfoid, Curry, Curtis, Davis of Indiana,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Foley, Gartrell, Giddings, Goode, Lawrence W.
Hall, Hoard, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Iluyler, Jackson,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kellogg, Lamar, Letcher,
Maclay, McQueen, McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Mfllson,
Moore, Isaac N. Morri3, Mott, Niblack, Pendleton, Powell,
Ready, Reagan, Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scales, Aaron
Shaw, Singleton, Robert Smith, William Smith, Spinner,
Srallworth, Stanton, Stevenson, Talbot, Miles Taylor,
Tompkins, Vallandigham, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Wor-
tendyke, Augustus R, Wnght, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—82.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BLAIR stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Greenwood, of Arkansas, upon the Army
appropriation bill and amendments thereto.
Third amendment:
Reduce the appropriation in the following paragraph
$400,000, so that it shall stand $1,440,000:
" For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of fuel for the officers, enlisted men,
guard, hospitals, store-houses, and offices; of forage in kind
for the horses, mule?, and oxen, of the quattermastci's de-
partment at the several posts and stations, and with the
armies in the field; for the horses of the two regiments of
dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry, the regiment of
mounted riflemen, the companies of light aitilleiy, and
Mich companies of infantiy as may be mounted, and for the
authorized number of officers'horses wncn serving in the
field and at the outpofts, including bedding for the ani-
mals ; of straw for soldiers' bedding, and of stationery, in-
cluding blank-books for the quartermaster's department,
certificates for discharged soldiers, blank forms* for the pay
and quartermaster'* departments ; and for the printing of
division and depaitment orders and reports, $1,840,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
" For the incidental expenses of the quartermaster's de-
partment, consisting of postage on lettoisand packets re-
ceived and sent by officeis ot the Army on public service ;
expenses of couits-maiual and courts of mquuy, including
the additional compensation of judge advocates, recorders,
members, and witnesses, while on that seivice, under the
act of March 16,1802 ; extia pay to soldiers employed under
the dneciion of the quartermaster's department, m the erec-
tion of barracks, quarters, store-houses, and hospitals, in
the construction of loads, and on other constant labor, for
ponod- of not le h than ten days, undci the acts of March 2,
1819, and August 4, 1854, including those employed as clerks
at division and depaitment headquarters: expenses of ex-
pi esses to and from the fionner post#. and ai mies m the field;
of Of-eoi ts to paymasters and other dishumng officers, and to
tianii?, where militaiy e>coitscannot bo furnished; expense
of the intei ment of officers killed in action, or who die when
on dut> in the held, or at the posts on the frontiers, and of
non-cnmmi«-uoned officers and soldiers; autboi ized office
turnituie; hire of laboreis in the quaitermaster's depart-
ment, including the lure of interpreters, spies, and guides
for the Army ; compensation of clerks of the officers of the
quartermaster's department; compensation of forage and
wagonina&tei s, authorized by the act of July f>, 1838; for the
apprehension of deserters, and the expenses incident to their
pursuit; and for the following expenduuies icquired for the
two regiments of diagoons, the two regiments of cavalry,
the regiment of mounted lilleinen. and suclt companies of
mfantiv a*, may be mounted, viz : the purchase ot tiavehng
forges, blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes ajul nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinary
smgeons, medicines for horses and mules, picket ropes, and
for shoeing the hoises of the corps named, $500,000.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union recommended
that the appropriation be reduced $450,000; and
that the following be added to the end of the par-
agraph:
Provided, That the amount of this appropriation below
the estimates shall be deducted from the amount estimated
fur the pay of laborers m the quartei master's department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
" For consti acting barracks and other buildings at po«ts
winch it may bo necessary to occupy during the year; and
for repairing, altering, and enlarging buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hue or commutation of quarters for
officers on lmhtaiy duty; hire ot quartets for tioops, of
storehouses foi the keeping of military,--tores, and of grounds
for summer cantonments, and for temporaiy frontier sta-
tions, $700,000."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend that the
above appropriation be reduced to $300,000; and
that the following be added to the end of the par-
agraph :
Provided, however, That no portion of the money hereby
appiopnatcd shall be applied to the construction ot perma-
nent barracks and quarters until plans, with full specifica-
tions anddetailed estimates,shall be submitted to Congress,
and the same shall be approved by a special appropriation
