1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
carelessness or unskillfulness of persons in pub-
lic employment, the committee beg leave to be
relieved from further consideration of the subject.
The report was concurred in.
JOHN CARIS AND OTHERS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia on the petition of
John Caris and others.
The petitioners represent that they were vol-
unteer soldiers, raised in the State ofOhioin May,
1812, under the act of 6th of February, of that
year; that they were received into the service of
the United States in July, 1812, under the com-
mand of Captain John Campbell; that they were
included in the capitulation of General Hull's
army, on 16th August, 1812, and were taken pris-
oners by the British at River Raisin, and were
continued as such prisoners until about Septem-
ber, 1814. They acknowledge that they were
paid for one year's services, but they now claim
pay and allowance for another year, namely, from
September, 1813, to September, 1814. The rec-
ords of the War Department show that Captain
John Campbell's company, to which these peti-
tioners belonged, was mustered for one year, and
that they were paid for that time, but they do
not show that they, or any part of them, were
prisoners of war after the time for which they
were paid, nor do the-petitioners present any ev-
idence to sustain their claim. The committee
therefore report that the prayer of the petitioners
be not granted.
The report was concurred in.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN IOWA.
The next was a report of the Committee on
Commerce on a resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, in favor of the erection of a post office,
United States court-house, and custom-house, at
Burlington, in that State.
The adverse report of the committee was con-
curred in.
D. MERIWETHER.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, upon the petition of D. Meri-
wether, praying that an appropriation may be
made for the payment of his salary as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in the Territory of New
Mexico, from July 27, 1854, to April 30, 1857.
The adverse repoit of the committee was con-
curred in.
JOHN S. DEVLIN.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of John S. Devlin, late
an officer in the marine corps.
The petitioner received a flesh wound ill the
chin at the storming of Chapultepec, September
16, 1847, and was discharged by the surgeon, as
fit for duty, in the December following. The
character of the wound, as described by the sur-
geon, does not indicate that any permanent dis-
ability would probably result from it, and the
testimonials of officers of the Navy do not indi-
cate that such has been the result, as they show
that Mr. Devlin continued in active service up to
1859. This case is now before the committee for
the third time, having been reported upon ad-
versely upon two former occasions; and as no
additional testimony has been adduced, going to
show disability, as the icsult of the wound re-
ceived in the service, the committee recommend
that the prayer of the petition be denied.
The report was concurred in.
WILLIAM R. BROWNLEE.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of William R. Brown-
lee.
The petitioner represents that he entered the
service of the. United States as a soldier m the reg-
ular Army, on the 17th of June, 1812, and was
honorably discharged in July, 1817; that he was
afterwards engaged in the Indian difficulties upon
the frontier; that he is now old, decrepit, and
nearly blind, and that he has no means of obtain-
ing ^'livelihood but from the chanties of friends.
There is lio evidence, however, to show that his
present disabilities are the result of wounds re-
ceived, or disease contracted while in the line of
duty in the service of the United States. The
committee are, therefore, of the opinion that the
prayer of the petition should be denied.
The report was concurred in.
CASSANDRA S. WITHERELL.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Private Land Claims on the petition of Cassan-
dra S. Withereil, praying that a land warrant
may be issued to the heirs-at-law of her late father,
Major General Hugh Brady, of the United States
Army.
The adverse report of the committee was con-
curred in.
SETH BELKNAP.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the memorial of Seth Belknap.
In the year 1819, Nimrod Farrow and Richard
Harris entered into contract with the United States
for the erection of a fortification on Dauphine
Island, in Mobile bay, and Seth Belknap became
a sub-contractor under them in doing that work;
and, as such, they became his debtors to a large
amount; and on the 20th December, 1823, ex-
ecuted to him their note, at thirty days, for
$17,G42 64. The erection of the fort was ulti-
mately abandoned, and on the 3d of March, 1825,
Congress passed a law for the relief of Farrow
and Harris, which required the Secretary of War
to cause to be delivered up and returned to Far-
row all sureties or liens held by the United States
on his property, and to pay to Farrow, or his
legal representatives, §75,747 76; provided that,
before he should receive the same, he should enter
into bond to the Secretary m the sum of §120,000,
with good and sufficient securities, conditioned
that he should appropriate the net proceeds of
the personal property, and the money so to be
received from the Treasury, towards the payment
of the debts contracted by Farrow and Harris for
supplies furnished and services rendered in and
about the erection of thefortification; and if there
should be any surplus after paying those debts,
he should pay to Harris, or his legal representa-
tives, his just proportion of the surplus. This
law also provided that it should be the duty of
the Secretary of War, on application of any of
the parties interested, and upon satisfactory proof
of the failure of Farrow to fulfil the condition of
the bond, to prosecute the sureties. The petition
alleges, in substance, that Belknap, by his attor-
ney, demanded that the Secretary of War should
institute suit for his benefit on the bond, which
he failed to do. This allegation of the petition is
the material one to sustain the claim of the peti-
tioner; indeed, it is indispensable; for without its
being established there can be no just or equita-
ble claim for the relief sought. After a careful
examination of the case before them, the com-
mittee find that there is no sufficient proof that
a demand was ever made upon the Secretary of
War by Seth Belknap, or any other person or
persons for him, to prosecute the bond for his
benefit; nor was any proof ever made to him of
the failure'of Farrow to fulfill the condition of the
bond, or even that Belknap was a creditor of Far-
row. The committee, therefore, think*that the
prayer of the petitioner in this case ought not to
be granted.
The report was concurred in.
FREE PL/iKK ROAD.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the District of Columbia upon the petition of
residents and property holders of Montgomery
county, Maryland, praying that the plank road m
the District of Columbia leading into that county,
may be made free of tolls.
The adverse report was concurred in.
J. H. CARTER AND OTHERS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the petition of J. H. Carter,
for himself, J. W. Bennett, and R. B. Lowry,
lieutenants m the Navy, praying to be allowed
the difference of pay between the grades of mas-
ter and lieutenant, during the time they served as
acting lieutenants in the East India squadron.
The third section of the act of June 17, 18-44,
repeals so much of the acts of lb35and 1842 " as
provides that officers temporarily performing the
duties belonging to those of a higher grade shall
receive the compensation allowed to such higher
grade while actually so employed*" The act of
August 10, 1846, makes an exception in favor of
passed midshipmen " performing the duties of
master, under the authority of the Secretary of the
Navy," and provides that they shall " receive the
pay allowed to such higher grade while actually
so employed"—an exception established, in -the
opinion of the committee, in consequence of the
peculiarly responsible duties of mastere as navi-
gators of our ships-of-war. The committee can
see no sufficient claim on the part of the petition-
ers, in the temporary performance of the duty of
a higher grade, in the regular line of the naval
service, under the detail of the commander-in-
chief of a squadron, to require that exception
should be made in their favor from the provisions
of the act of 1844; but, on the contrary, they do
perceive that the granting of their prayer would
open the doors of Congress to innumerable appli-
cations of equal merit. Officers commissioned as
lieutenants, under the appointment of the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, now on duty in our foreign squadrons,
are receiving at the rate of gl,050 perannum only,
and bearing all the expenses of their grade, in
outfit and uniform, while the petitioners, for service
of one year as "acting lieutenants," ask to be
allowed at the rate of §1,500 per annum. The
committee, therefore, under the general rule of
action adopted by them of refusing to grant to the
officers of the Navy any higher compensation than
that allowed to them by law, feel constrained to
report adversely to the prayer of the petitioners.
The report was concurred in.
WILLIAM REYNOLDS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs on the petition of William Rey-
nolds, praying to be allowed the amount of the
value of one hundred pairs of stockings, which
were stolen from the storeship Fredonia, while
he was acting purser and storekeeper aboard the
same.
The committee do not conceive the petitioner
entitled to relief by'Congress, and therefore rec-
ommend that the committee be discharged and the
prayer of the petitioner rejected.
The report was concurred in.
W. W. BASSETT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Na%'al Affairs on the petition of W. W. Bassett,
late master in the United States Navy, praying
to be allowed the difference of pay between the
grades of master and lieutenant duiing the time
he acted as lieutenant.
This case does not differ from that of Lieuten-
ants Carter, Bennett, and Lowry, and, for the rea-
sons therein stated, the committee reported ad-
versely to the prayer of the petitioner.
The report was concurred m.
JABEZ B. ROOKER'S HEIRS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of the heirs of Jabez B.
Rooker.
Mr. Rooker appears to have been employed as
clerk in the office of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings from 1836 to 1850. Prior to March,
1843, he appears to have been paid for his ser-
vices out of such funds as the Commissioner had
within his control, and at such rate as the Com-
missioner deemed proper, there being no law rec-
ognizing the service or fixing the compensation.
The rate allowed varied from nine hundred to
twelve hundred and fifty dollars per annum. In
1843 Congress passed " An act to fix the compen-
sation of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,"
the second section of which prescribes " tftat no
portion of the appropriation for public buildings
and grounds, or any improvement or alteration of
the same, shall be applied to the payment of a
clerk or clerks in the office of said Commissioner,
or of an architect, unless the same be expressly
provided for in the act." Mr. Rooker still re-
mained m the office, and in the discharge of the
duties of clerk, as appears from the statement of
Commissioner French and others, until the be-
ginning of 1851, although no appropriation was
ma/le for his compensation, and although Con-
gress had expressly prohibited the Commissioner
from paying for such services out of the public
moneys committed to his charge. In 1852, Con-
! gress allowed the Commissioner a clerk, at <§1,000
I per annum. At the last Congress the heirs of
I Mr. Rooker petitioned for the allowance of his
! salary from 1843 to 1851, at the rate of §1,250 per
i annum, and an act was passed, upon the recom-
! mendation of the Committee on Claims, directing
| the accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
I the claim, and to allow at the rate of §900 per an-
