1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1108
for the same: Provided further, That any officer of the
Army who, as a disbursing agent, shall hereafter undertake
to engage the public credit ia advance of an appropriation,
shall, upon conviction before a court-martial, be dismissed
from the service, unless he shall exhibit as his justification
an order, in writing, to make such disbursement, from his
superior officer, approved by the President of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment.
The CJerk read the following paragraph:
"For mileage or the allowance made to officers of the
Army for the transpoitation of themselves and their bag-
gage, when traveling on duty without troops, escorts, or
supplies, $125,000."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend that the fol-
lowing proviso be added to the above paragraph:
Provided, Such mileage, to be hereafter drawn, shali not
exceed five cents per mile.
The House was divided on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 81, noes 64.
Mr. CHAFFEE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 127; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkins, Bilhnghurst,
Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Jcihn B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Cobb, CockeriH,
Coifax, Oragin, Burton Craige, Crawford, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dowdeli, Durfee,
Elliott, English, Fenton, Gartrell, Giddings, Gooch, Good-
wiBj Grow, Harlan, Hoard, Hodges, Hopkins, George W.
Jones, Owen Jones, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey
Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Morgan, Isaac N. Morris,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Pettit, Pike, Potter. Rieaud, Royce,
Ruffin, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, William Smith, Stallworth,
Stanton, William Stewart, Vance, Wade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, and John V. Wright—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Aveiy, Barks-
dale, Barr, Bonham, Bowie, Brayton, Bryan, Burnett,
Case, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, John Coch-
rane, Comins, Corning, Covode, James Ciaig, Curry, Curtis,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mississippi, Dick,
Dimmick, Dodd, Edie, Edmundson, Eustis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gillis, Oilman, Gilmrr, Goode,
Greg?, Grover, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Horton, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Huyler, Jewett, Keim, Keiu, KiJgore, Knapp, John
C. Kunkel, Landy, Lawrence, Maclay, McQueen, McRae,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miller, Milison, Montgomery,
Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Muiray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Peyton,
John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pottle, Pow-
ell, Purviance, Reagan, Reilly, Roberts, Russell, Sandidge,
Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Trippe, Underwood, Vallandighain, Walbridge, Ward, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, ElliliuB. Washburne. Isiael Wash-
burn, Watkins, Whiff, Whiteley, Wilson,Wi*slow, Wood,
Woodson, Woitendyke, Augustus It. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—127.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Messrs. LETCHER, and STEPHENS of
Georgia, severally stated, that if they had been
within the bar when their names were called,
they would have voted in the negative.
Seventh amendment:
Add to th" paragraph ju^t read, the following:
Provided farther, That raileago shall not be allowed when
an officer has been tian&ferred or relieved at his own re-
quest.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
" For transpoitation of the Army, including the baggage of
the troops when moving either by land or winter; of cloth-
ing, camp, and garrisoifequipage'from the depot at Phila-
delphia to I he several po?tsa d army depots, and from those
depots to the troops m tlio field ; of horse equipments and
of subsistence fiom the places of purchase and from the
places of delivery under contiaet, to tuch places as the cir-
cumstances of the service may require tlic-in to be sent; of
ordnance, ordnance stores, and small-arm*!, from the found-
enes and armories, to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier
posts, and army depots; freights, vWiatfag«, tolls, and fer-
riages 5 for the purchase and hue of hor-ses, mules, and
oxen, and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts, and
drays, and of ships, and other bea-going vessels and boats
required for the transportation of supplies and for garrison
purposes ; for drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire
of teamsters; transportation of funds for the pay and other
disbursing departments; the expense of sailing public trans-
ports on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the At-
lantic and Pacific; and for piocuring water at such posts as
from their situation require that it be brought from a dis-
tance ; and for clearing roads, and removing obstructions
therein, to the exient which may be required for the actual
opeiations of the troops on the fiontier, $3,490,000."
The SPEA KER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend that the ap-
propriation be reduced §490,000, so that it will
then stand " $3,000,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment;
Reduce the following appropriation from &105.000 to
$91,000: * '
" For the medical and hospital departments, $105,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment.*
Strike out the following paragraphs:
" For the Alleghany arsenal, $5,000.
" For the Bemcia arsenal, $50,000.
" For Fort Monroe arsenal, $14,000.
" For New York arsenal, $3,000.
" For Noith Carolina arsenal, $2,235.
" For Texas arsenal, $15,000.
" For Washington arsenal, $2,500.
" For Watertown arsenal, $1,000.
" For Waterviiet arsenal, $25,000."
Mr. REAGAN called for the yeas and nays;
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. REAGAN called for tellers.
Mr. STANTON. It ought to be understood
that $20,000 is left for contingencies for all the
arsenals.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffintov
and McQ,ueen were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 82.
So the amendment wqs not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected, and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
I want to have a record as to who it is that votes
for this useless expenditure.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. On that I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Barr, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Branch, Brayton, Bryan,
Burhngame, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Colfax, Comins,
Corning, Covode, Cuitis, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dawes, Dodd, Durfee, Bustis, Faulkner,
Fenton, Florence, Foster, Gillis, Gilman, Gilmer, Goodwin,
Gregg, Grover,Robert B.Hall,Hawkins. Hickman, Hoaid,
Hopkins, Horton, Howard, Huyler. Jackson, Kelsey, Kil-
fore, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Landy,
•etcher, Maclay, Milison, Montgomery, Morull, Edward
Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Ohn,
Palmer, Parker, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phil-
lips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Purviance, Reagan, Reilly,
Ritchic, Robbms, Royce, Scott, Sickles, Spinner, James A.
Stewart, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Vance, Wade,
Walbridge, Walton, Waid, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Israel Washburn, Whiteley, Window, Wood, Woodson,
and Wortendjke—9o.
NAYS—Messis. Anderson, Atkins. Barksdale, Bocock,
Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Buffinton, Burnett, Catkie, John
B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochiane, Cockenll, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawfoid, Curry, Davidson, Davis
of Indiana, Dean, Dowdeli, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Farnswoith, Foley, Garnett, Guldmgs, Goode. Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan, Hill,Hodges, Houston, Hughes,
Jenkins, Jewett,George W. Jones, Keim, Keitt,Lawience,
Leaeli, Leiter. Lovejoy, McCiuecn, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynaid, Miles, Miller,
Moore, Moigan. Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Nichols, Pendleton,
Pettit, Peyton, Ready, Ricaud, Robeits, Rufhn, Sandidge,
Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, John Sher-
man. Shorter, Robert Smith, William Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Talbot, Trippe, Under-
wood, Vrfllditdigham, Waldion, Eihhu B. Washburne,
Watkins. Wilson, Angusnis R. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zolhcoffer-~9i.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Eleventh amendment:
Strike out the following paragraphs:
" Foi repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Springfield aimoiy, Ma>saehusetts, .55.1.910.
kFFor repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Hai per's Ferty armory, $55,000."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkins, Aveiy, Barks-
dale, Bennett, Bilhnghurst. Bonham, Boyee, Branch, Bur-
'enton
rriUJHlSOIl, JJMUUl, -Ollglie-W, .. N.i.ww
Foley, Garnett, Giddings, Gilmer,Goode, Goodwin, Gtow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan, Hatch, Hill, lloaid, Hodges,
Houston, Jackson, George W.Jones, Kent, Kellogg, La-
mar, Lawrence, Loach. Letter. Lovejoy, McQueen, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard,
Miics, Miller, Ifrooie, Isaac N. Morn?, Mott, Pendleton,
Pettit, Pottle, Ready, Ricaud, Royce, Ruffin, Russell, San-
didge, Scales, Aaron Shaw, Henrv M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephens, Ste-
venson, William Stewart, Talbot, Tappan, Tompkins,
Trippe, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance,Waldron, Kliihu
B. Washburne, Augustus R. Wright, and Zollicoffer—100.^
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Andrews, Arnold, Barr, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingamte, Bur-
roughs, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
( Comins, Corning, Curtis, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis ef
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dimmick, Durfee, Fau&*er,
Florence, Foster, Gillis, GHman, Gooch, Gregg. Grpver,
Robert B. Hall, Hawkins, Hickman, Hopkins, Horton,
Howard, Hughes, Huyler, Jenkins, Owen Jones, Keim,
Kilgorc, Knepp, Jacob M.Kunkel, John C. Kunkel,Landy,
Leidy, Letcher, McRae, Matteson, Milison, Montgomery,
Morgan, Morril>, Edward Joy Morris. Freeman H. Morse.
Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker,
Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike,
Potier, Powell, Purviance, Reagan, Reilly, Ritchie, Robbing,
Roberts, Savage, Scott, Seward, Judson W. Sherman.
Vames A. Stewart, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson-
Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Ward, Cadwalader O. Wash-
bum, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wilson, Winslow, Wood,
and Wortendyke—97.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: Is it in order,
Mr. Speaker, to inquire if there is a record }cept
of the changes in the votes as they are made ? I
think that it is important that it should be done.
The SPEAKER, (gentlemen have a right to
change their votes.
The vote having; been announced as above,*
Mr. McQ,UEEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays on
the latter motion.
Mr. McQJJEEN withdrew his motion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the previ-
ous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and naySTon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered
The question was taken; and it #as decided in
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Baiksdale, Barr. Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Chap-
man, John B. Clark, Clay, John Cochiane, Cockenll,
Corning, James Ciaig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dimmick,
Dowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner,
Fioience, Foley, Garnett, GartrelJ, Gillis, Goode,- Gregg,
Giover. Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, HuyleP, Jackson, Jen-
kins Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt? Jacob
M. KunkaJ, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher,
Maclay, McQueen, McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Miles," Miller, Milison, Moore, Morull,'Isaac N. Morris,
Niblack, Pendleton, Pcvton, John S. Phelps, William W.
Phelps, Phillips. Powell, Reagan, Redly, Ruffin, Russell,
Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robeit Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, WiHiam SmithyStallworth, Stephens, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Vallandigham,
Vance, Ward, Watkins, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson,
Wortendyke, and John V. Wright—116.
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Buriingame, Case,
Chaffee, Clawson, Cobb, Coltax, Comins, Cragin, Curtis,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Fenton, Foster, Gtddinga, Gilman,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hail,
Harlan, Harris, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Keim, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Kdgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Loiter, Love-
joy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Morgan,
"Edw.nd Joy Moms, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Motf, Muiray, NichoK, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Putviancc, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbing,
Robeits, Royce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thaj'e^ Thomp-
son, Tompkins. Tuppe, Underwood, Wade, walbridge,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
Washbuine, Isiael Washburn, Wilson,and Zolhcoffei—-93.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote-by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am instructed by the select committee on the ac-
counts of the late Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, to offer the following resolutions:
Whereas, Harry Connolly, of the city of Philadelphia,
was-, on the 19th day of Febuary, A. D. 1859, duly sum-
moned to appear and testify before the select committee
appointed to investigate the accounts of the late Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and ha* failed and refused to ap-
pear before said committee, pursuant to said summons : And
