THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fiftii Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1858.
New Series.,..IsTo,. 8.
until the regiment was disbanded, in 1781. On
these facts the petitioner claims that Captain Pur-
vis's case is embraced within the resolution of the
20th October, 1780, by which half pay for life
was promised to all those officers of the Army
who shoul# remain in the service to the end of
the war, or who should become supernumerary
by the reduction of the Army, then about to take
place. This case, and several others of the same
class, have been before Congress for more than
thirty-five years, upon which different reports
have, from time to time, been made, some favor-
able and some unfavorable, but without any defi-
nite action of Congress on any of them.
The adverse report of the committee was con-
curred in.
JOHN VT. PRAY.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims on the petition of John W.
Pray, one of the heirs of John Pray, an officer in ,
the Revolution.
It appears from the revolutionary records that
John Pray was a captain in the Massachusetts
Continental line; that he served to tbeendof the
war, and was paid his commutation. The peti-
tioner has, therefore, no claim founded on the
resolution of the 20th of October, 1780; and the
committee therefore recommend that the prayer
of the petition be rejected.
The report was concurred in.
JEREMIAH GILMAN.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, on the petition of John
Mason, heir of Jeremiah Gilman.
It nfay be assumed that the facts set out in the
petition are true; that Colonel Gilman served in
the army of the Revolution with distinction, and
that he was a meritorious officer, and that he was
compelled, by inability for active field duty, to
resign; yet this case does not come within a.ny
of the resolutions or acts of Congress in relation
to the officers of the Continental army. He re-
signed in March, 1780, which was before the
passage of the lesolution by which half pay was
promised to the officers who served to the end ot
the war. Whilst the committee think that Con-
gress should fully perform all the promises made
to the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary
army, they do not feel that there would be any
propriety in paying to the grandchildren of an
officer, who resigned three years before the end
of, the war, the same as to those who bore the
privations and hazaids of the campaign of 1'oJ
and 1781, by which, mainly, the independence of
the colonies" was achieved. They therefore recom-
mend that the prayer of the petition be refused.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
E. A. MIDDLETON.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims on the petition of ii. A. ■
Middleton, praying to be allowed a sum of money
expended by her father, Captain Belair losey,
during the revolutionary war. ...
Captain Belair Posey was a captain m the troops
marched to New Jersey, called the f lying Camp.
He received from the council of Maryland money
to pay his troops in 1777. He marched to I hil-
adclpiua, where a month's pay for his company
was paid him by order of Congress. He oidnot
pay over the monevto his company, and tue rea-
son assign, d was, that he thought the men had as
much money as was necessary tor them. Ho
hed from thence to Elizabethtown, at wmeh
sum of =£180 15s. 6,!. was stolen fiora
ni"ht time, notwithstanding he
but as he kept the money in his possession after
that time, it was at his own risk. -This report
was made the 4th of March, 1777. It docs not
appear from the papers that any subsequent ap-
plication was made to Maryland, and the case is
now presented to Congress for the first time.
Eighty years have elapsed since this application
was made to the State of Maryland. It may have
been a meritorious case, and Congress have in
many cases relieved those with whom public
money was deposited, under like circumstances;
but there should be some limitation of time to
these old demands. The very fact of delay, un-
accounted for, is calculated tu excite a prejudice.
The committee think it unwise to open a door to
antiquated cases of this kind, and recommend
that the prayer of the petition be refused.
The report was concurred in.
NANCY HAMMOND.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Clairason the petition of Nancy
Hammond, daughter of James Dennison, an offi-
cer in the army of the Revolution.
It appears from the petition and the evidence
that James Dennison was a captain in the sixth
regiment of New York militia, raised in the
manor of Van Rensselaerwick; that in that capa-
city he performed service in apprehending disaf-
fected persons, and that his house was the resort
of the Whigs of that section when called into ser-
vice. That he marched with his company into
the western part of the State, where he was at-
tacked with the small-pox, of which he died,
leaving a widow and five children, who are all
dead exceptthe petitionei, who is now old, poor,
and infirm. She asks that she may be allowed a
sum of money for her maintenance, or land.
Captain Dennison was a militia officer, and his
case does not come within the resolution of Con-
gress of 1780, giving half pay to the widow and
children of those officers of the Continental army
"who were killed or died in battle. Neither js it
embraced within any of the pension laws. These
provide only for the soldier himself and to his
widow. The committee therefore recommend that
the prayer of the petition be refused.
CATHERINE L. M'LEOD.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims on the petition of Catha-
rine Lydia McLeod, only surviving heir of Eben-
ezer Markham.
At the breaking out of the American Revolu-
tion her father was a merchant residing at Mon-
treal, and warmly espoused the cause of the reb-
els, as they were called; in consequence he was
seized and imprisoned for a long time at various
periods of the war. After or during the struggle
for independence ho removed to the United States
and settled, firstm New York, on apiece of land,
three hundred and twenty acres, given by the
State, which was poor and of little value. He
afterwards settled in Vermont, where he was
sued for his old debts contiacted whilst he resiued
in Canada, and imprisoned until his death in 1818,
as he was unable to pay. The evidence, though
not very satisfactory, is perhaps the best which
can now be produced; and the committee have
been constrained to report against these antiqua-
ted claims.
The report was concurred in.
MARTHA BROWN.
rnarc
plaee th
lus trunk in th.  „ i-„nr._
used every care and precaution lor its sate-Ucep
inc. Ho'p.ud the troops all the money he re-
eled, and applied to '.he Legislaturco. Mary .and
to reimburse the money so lost. Tee commitae
of claims of iluu State reported against the cla.nl,
ami it was disallowed. iho coiiinnt.ee > ,
their report that the &o>* stated m his peaaoll
v.-eie doubtless true, and if he had lost the molle)
lu-foie he arrived at Philadelphia, where he snould
have paid it. he would have been enr.UeU io lohet,
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims on a petition of nihaoit-
iunty, New York, praying thata
n-anted to Martha Brown, widow-
Revolutionary   - ,
ants of Yates county, ^ew ork, praymg thiit a
pension may be _
of a revolutionary soldier.
The adverse report of the committee was con-
curred in.
RICHARD C. DOVE.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of Richard G. Dove.
This claim has already been twice reported
against by the Committee on Claims of the Sen-
[ ate. The petitioner seems to think that because
the Third Auditor might, under the .authority of
law, have contracted to give him a larger com-
pensation than, in point of fact, he did contract
to give him, therefore, the petitioner ought to re-
ceive compensation for his services as assistant
messenger up to the maximum limit to which the
law allowed the Third Auditor to go. The com-
mittee by no means accede to any such position.
The adverse report was concurred in.
adam hays.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Adam Hays for ar-
rearsof pension from the disbanding of the Army
the 15th J une, 1815, to the 30th of January, 1838,
when his pension was first received.
The petitioner was a surgeon in the Arcnydur1
ing the war of 1812. While in the service he con-
tracted disease which resulted in a hernia,which i
continuing to become more and more troublesome
and dangerous, at length produced total disability,
for which, in Jarwiary, 1838, he was allowed a pen-
sion, at the rate of $23 50 per month. He now
asks arrears from the time he left the service.
The adverse report of the committee was con-
curred in.
thomas Fitzgerald's children.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions upon the memorial of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying that the pension granted to Hon.
Thomas Fitzgerald be extended to his children.
Mr. STUART. Let that be excepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be passed
over.
JACOB W. MORSE.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Private Land Claims on the petition of Jacob
Washington Morse, praying to be placed on the
Navy pension roll as an invalid pensioner, for
wounds and disabilities in the war of 1813.
The petitioner alleges that he entered the Navy
of the United States m the spring of the year 1813,
and was on board of the sloop-of-war Growler,
in the capacity of a purser's steward, at the time
of her capture by the British on Lake Cham-
plain; and in this action he states that he was
wounded in the foot, and is now suffering from
lameness in consequence thereof, and partial deaf-
ness occasioned by the heavy discharge of can-
non. He further states that he filed lus applica-
tion for a pension in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions more than twenty years ago,
but could not satisfactorily prove his claim on ac-
count of the loss of the ship's papers in the action
alluded to. The present petition was first pre-
sented to the Senate during the first session of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions, and by that committee reported
upon adversely. The petitioner has now amended
his prayer, and asks only for the land and exti a pay
promised by an act of Congress granting bounties
in land and extra pay to certain Canadian volun-
teers, approved March 5,1816. The name of Mr.
Morse cannot be found on the general roll of offi-
cers and men employed on Lake Champlam dur-
in°* the last war with Great Britain, nor on the
particular roll of those who were attached to the
Growler. In consequence of this, and of the in-
sufficient and unsatisfactory character of the evi-
dence filed in support of his claim, the committee
report adversely to the prayer of the petition.
The report was concurred in.
JAMES HENDEBERT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of James Hendebert.
The petitioner represents that he is the sole
creditor (as he believes) of Captain Jonn Hudry,
I to whom the United States is justly indebted for
1 important and valuable services at the battle ot
; New Orleans; that he supported Captain Hudry
■ for several years prior to Ins death, and while
! eno-ao-ed in prosecuting his claim before Congress,
I forwhich he has received no compensation, and as
! Captain Hudey left no widow or children, he asks
i that Congress make an appropriation in his be-
