1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9 cents per pound; on screws, washed or plated, and all
other screws of iron or any other metal, 30 per centum ad
valorem; on all manufactures of iron, not otherwise pro-
vided for, 25 B£r centum ad valorem. Sixth. On all steel
in ingots, bars, sheets, or wire, valued at seven cents per
pound, or lessvl% cents per pound ; valued ataboveseven
cents per pound, and not above eleven cents per pound, 2
cents per pound; and valued at above eleven cents per
pound, 2& cents per pound : Provided, That no steel In any
form, shall pay a duty of less than 20 per centum ad valo-
rem; on all manufactures of steel, or of which steel shall
be a component'part, not otherwise provided for, 30 per
centum, ad valorem: Provided, That all articles partially
manufactured, not otherwise provided for, shall pay the
same rate of duty as if wholly manufactured. Seventh. On
coal, $1 per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to
the bushel; on cokc and culm of coal, 25 per centum ad
valorem.
Sec. 8. Jlnd bcit farther enacted, That from and after the
day and year aforesaid, tlieie shall be levied, collected, and
paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following duties; that is to say: First. On lead,
in pigsand bars, 1 cent per pound ; on old scrap lead, fit only
to be remanufactured, 1 cent per pound; on lead m sheets,
pipes, or shot, 2 cenis per pound; on ptwter, when old and
fitonlyto be remanufactured, 1 cent per pound. Second. On
copper, in pigs, bars, or ingots, 2 cents per pound; on cop-
per, when old and fit only to be remanufactured, 1% cents
per pound; on sheeting copper, in sheets forty-eight inches
long and fourteen inches wide, and weighing from fourteen
to thirty-four ounces the square foot, 2cepts per pound; on
copper rods, bolts, nails, spikes, copper bottoms, copper in
sheets or plates, called brazier's copper, and othersheetsvof
copper not otherwise provided for, 25 per cent, ad valorem ;
on zinc, spelter, or teutenegue, unmanufactured, 5 per cent.
ad valorem.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted. That from and after the
day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following duties; that is to say; First. On white
or red leads, litharge, or acetate or chromate of lead, dry or
ground in oil, 2 cents per pound; on chromate, bielnomate,
hydriodate, and prusiate of potash, and chromic acid, 15
per centum ad valorem; on whiting, 25 cents per one hun-
dred pounds; on Paris tfhite, and pchres or ochrey earths,
when dry, 50 cents per one hundred pounds ; whenground
in oil $1 50 per one hundred pounds; on putty, i cent per
pound ; on linseed, flaxseed, hempseed, and rapeseed oil,
15 cents per gallon of seven and a half pounds; on alum,
50 cents per one hundred pounds ; on copperas, green vitrol
or sulphate of iron, 25 cents per one hundred pounds; on
refined camphor, 6 cents per pound; on refined hoiax, 4
cents per pound ; on tallow, 1 cent per pound; on tallow
candles, 2 cents per pound; on spermaceti or wax candles
and tapers, and on candles and tapers of spermaceti and
wax combined, 8 cents per pound; on stearine candles, and
all other candles and tapers, 4 cents per pound ; on corks,
6 cents per pound ; on spirits of tuipentine, 10 cents per
gallon ; on opium, $1 25 per pound ; on moiphium and its
salts, $1 50 per ounce.
Sec . 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the
day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on the importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned,
the following duties; that is to say: First, on salt, 4 cents per
bushel of fifty-six pounds; on bristles, 4 cents per pound ;
on honey, 10 cents per gallon; on vinegar, 6 cents per gal-
lon; on mackerel. $2 per barrel; on herrings, pickled or
salted, $1 per barrel; on pickled salmon, $3 per barrel; on
all other fish pickled, in barrels, $1 50 per ban el; on all
other foreign-caught fish, imported othei wise than in bar-
rels or half-barrels, or Whether fresh, smoked, or dried,
salted, or pickled, not otherwise provided for, 50 cents per
one hundred pounds. Second. On beef and pork, 1 cent
per pound; on hams and bacon, 2 cents per pound; on
cheese, 4 cent® per pound ; on wheat, 00 cents per bushel;
on butter, 4 cents per pound ; on laid, 2 cents per pound :
on rye and bailey, 15 cents per bushel; on Indian corn, or
maize, 10 cents per bushel; on oats 10 cents pei bushel; on
potatoes, 10 cents per bushel; on rice or paddy, 50 cents
per one hundred pounds; on flaxseed or linseed, 8 cents
per bushel of fifty-two pounds; on hemp "or lapesced.S
cents per bushel of fifty-two pounds; on raw hides and
skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted, or pickled, not
otherwise provided for, five per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year afoiesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following duties; that is to say: First, on cas-
sia, 4 cents per pound ; on cloves, 3 cents pei pound; on
pepper, 2 cents per pound ; on pimento, 2 cents per pound;
on cinnamon, 10 cents per pound; on mace arid nutmegs,
15 cents per pound; on prunes, 2 cents per pound; on
plums, 1 cent per pound; on dates, £ cent per pound; on
cuiiants, 2 cents per pound; on fig*?, 2 cents per pound;
on Sultana. Muscatel, and bloom raisins, either in boxes
or jars, 2 cents per pound; on all other raisins, 1 cent per j
pound; on almonds, 2 cents per pound; on shelled almond6;, [
4 cents per pound ; on all nuts not otherwise provided for, i
except those used for dyeing, 1 cent per pound. i
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That fiom and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following dunes; that is to say: First. On all
wool, unmanufactured, and^H hair of the alpaeea, goat,
and other like animal^ unmanufactured, the value wheieof
at the last poit or place fioin whence exported to the Uni-
ted States,shall exceed 16 cents per pound, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, a duty of 8 cents per pound: Pro-
vided, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the alpaeea, the
goat, and othei like animals, which shall be imported m any
other titan the oulniarv condition, as now and heretofore
practiced, or which shall bechanged in itscharacter or con-
dition for the purpose of evading the duty, or which shall
be leduced in value by the admixture of dirt or any foreign
substance, to 16 cents per pound, or less, shall he subject
to pay a duty of 8 cents per pound, anything in this act to
the eomrnry notwithstanding*. Provuled also, That when
wool ot difieient qualities, of the same kind or sort, is im- I
ported m the same bale, bag, or package, and the aggregate 1
value of the contents of the bale, bag, or package, shall be
appraised by the appraisers at a rate exceeding 16 cents
per pound, it shall be charged with a duty of 8 cents per
pound: Provided further, That if bales of different qualities
are embraced in the same invoice, at the same price, the
value of the whole shall be appraised according to tire value
of the bale of the best quality : Provided also, That wool
imported on the skin shall be estimated as to weight and
value as other wool.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the followingduties; that is tosay: First. On Wilton,
Saxony, and Aubusson patent velvet, Tournay velvet and
tapestry velvet carpets and carpeting, and all medallion or
whole carpets, 50 cents per square yaid ; on Brussels and
tapestry Brussels carpets and carpeting, 35 cents per square
yard ; on all treble-ingrainand worsted-chain Venitian car-
pets and carpeting, 25 cents per square yard; on all other
hinds of cai pets and carpeting of w09i, hemp, flax, or cotton,
or parts of either, or other material, nototherwise specified,
a duty of 30 per centum ad valorem: Provided, That mats,
rugs, screens, covers, hassocks, bed-sides,,and other por-
tions of carpets or carpeting shall pay the rate of duty herein
imposed on carpets or carpeting of similar character; on
all other mats, screens, hassocks and rugs, a-duty of 30
per centum ad valorem. Second. On all woolen cloths,
or cloths of which wool shall be the chief component ma-
terial, fulled or milled, kerseys and plains, valued at 25 cents
per square yard and under, a duty of 20 per centum ad va-
lorem; on all cloths, cassimeres, kerseys, buck-skins, doe-
skins, tweeds, plains, and felts, or goods of a similar char-
acter, valued at 25 cents and not exceeding 75 cents per
square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and W addition
thereto, 20 per centum ad valorem; valued at over $1 50 per
squaie yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and 111 addition
thereto, 25 per centum ad valorem; on all beaver cloths,
DufTil cloths, pilot cloths., petershams, feltcloths,oi similar
cloths, suitable for overcoats or blankets, and valued at $1
or less per square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and
in addition thereto, 15 per centum ad valorem; valued above
$1 and not above $2 per square yard, a duty of 16 cents
per pound, and in addition thereto, 25 per centum ad valo-
rem ; valued above $2 per squaie yard, a duty of 16 cents
per pound, and in addition thereto, 20 per centum ad valo-
rem; on all broadcloths, twilled or plain, valued at $1 or
less per square yard, a duty of 1G cents per pound, and in
addition thereto, 15 per centum ad valorem; above and
not above $2 pei square yard, 16 cents per pound, and m
addition thereto, 20 per centum ad valorem; valued above
$2 per square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in
addition thereto,25 per centum ad valorem; on all flannels,
valued at 30 cents or less per square yard,25 per centum,
ad valorem; valued above 30 cents per square yard, and on
all flannels colored, or printed, or plafded, and flannels
composed in pan of cotton 01 silk, 30 per centum ad valo-
rem; on all baizes, hockmgs, floor-cloths, and paddings,
10 cents per pound: Provided, That all baizes, bookings,
floor-cloths, and paddings, costing over 40 cents perpound,
shall pay a duty of 25 per centum ad valorem; 011 hats, of
wool, 20 per centum ad valorem; on woolen and worsted
yarn, 16 cents per pound, and in addition th eietoa 15 per
centum ad valorem; 09 ciotlnug, ready made, and wearing
apparel of every description, composed wholly or in part of
wool, made up or manufactured wholly or m part by the
tailor, seamstress, or manufacturer, 16 cents per pound,
and in addition thereto, 25 per centum ad valorem; on blan-
kets, valued at not over 75 cents each, and of thedimen-
sions not less than 72 b^ 52 inches, a duty of 10 cents each ;
on all other blankets, comprising VViiney, lose, Bath, Duf-
fil, point, cradle, crib, Mackinaw, and horse-blankets, com-
posed wholly or in part of wool and not exceeding in value
the sum of §3 each, 16 cents per pound, and m addition
thereto, 20 pei centum ad valorem, Third. On all de
lames, cashmere de lames, or muslin de lames, composed
wholly or in pari 01 wool, valued at not ovet 16 cents per
square yaid, 25 per centum ad valorem, oa all de lames,
cashmere do James, or muslin de lames, valued at over Iti
cents per square yard, and on all moussehne de lames, ba-
rege de lainos, of whatever material composed, and all gray
or uncolored goods of similar description, 30 per ccntuuiad
valorem; and on all manufactuies of wool, or of which
wool shall be a component matenal, not otherwise provided
for, 30 per centum ad valorem. Fotmii..On oilcloth loi
floors, stamped, painted, or printed, 30 cents per square
yard.
Sec. 14. And be it f vrther enacted, That from and after
the day and year afoiesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following duties; that is to say: Fust. On all
manufactures of cotton, not bleached, colored, suuned,
painted, or printed, and not exceeding one hundred threads
to the square inch, counting the warp and filling, and ex-
ceeding m weight five ounces per square yard, 1 cent per
yard; on hner 01 lighter goods or like description not exceed-
ing one hundred and forty threads to the square inch, count-
ing the waipand filling, 2 cents per square yard; on goods of
like description, exceeding one hundred and forty thieads
and not exceeding two bundled thicads to the tiquaiemch,
counting the warp and filling, 3 cents per square jatd ; on
al! goods embraced in the foiegomg schedules, if bleached,
there shall belevied,collected,andpaid,anadditionalduty
of £ cent per square yard, and if printed, painted, colored, or
stained, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, a duty of
1 cent per square yaid, in addition to the lates of duty pro-
vided 111 the foregoing schedules: Provided, Thatupon all
cotton goods!, not included in the foregoing schedules, and
upon cotton goods of every description. the value of which
shall exceed 16 cents per squaie yard, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid, a duty of 25 per centum ad valorem:
Jhid provided further3 That no cotton goods having more
than two hundred threads to the square inch, counting the
warp and filling, shall be admitted at a loss rate of duty
than is provided lor goods* which are of that number of
threads. Second. On spool thread of cotton ; containing
fiftv yaids or less each, 2| cents per dozen spools, contain-
over flftv yards, and not over one hundred yards each, 4
cents per dozen spools ; containing one hundied yards, and
not over one hundred and fifty yards each,cents per dozen
spools; containing over one hundred and fifty yards; ami not
over two hundred yards each, 8 cents per dozen spools,:
Provided, That on all spool threads containing more than two
hundred yards to each spool, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, for every fifty yards of excess, or fractional part
thereof, 2 cents per dozen spools. Third. On shires and
drawers, wove or made on frames, composed wholly of cot-
ton, 20 per centum ad valorem; and on all manufactures,
composed wholly of cotton, bleached, unbleached, prihted,
painted, or dyed, not otherwise provided for, 30 pgr centum
ad valorem. Fourth. On all brown or bleached linens,
ducks, drills, coatings, brown Hollands, blay linens, dam-
asks, diapers, crash, huckabacks,- handkerchief, lawns, or
other manufactures of flax or hemp, or of which flax or
hemp shall be the component material of chief value, be-
ing of the value of 30 cents and under per square yard,
Per ^^tuni ad valorem; valued above 30 cents per square
yard, 30 per centum ad valorem; on all other manufactures
of flax, or of which flax shall be the component material!
of chiefvalue, and not ottfferwise provided for. 30 percentum
ad valorem. Fifth. On flax or hnen threads, not over No.
20, 8 cents per pound; finer than No. 20, and not over No.
30,12 cents per pound; finer than No. 30, and not over No.
40,15 cents per pound ; finer than No. 40,and not over No.
50, 18 cents per pound ; finer than No. 50, and not over No!
60, 20 cents per pound : Provided, That any thread as des-
cribed in the foregoing schedule which shall be bleached,
shall pay 2 cents per pQund additional duty, and if dyed or
colored, such thread shall pay 3 cents per pound additional
duty; on flax or linen thread, finer than No. 60, a duty of
30 per centum ad valorem ; Provided, That no thread shall
be admitted at a less rate per pound than is levied herein '
upon No. 60.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied,collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned. the following duties, that is to say: First. On un-
manufactured hemp, $35 per ton ; on Manilla and other
hemps of India, $25 per ton; on jute, Sisal grass, sun hemp,
coir, and other vegetable substances not enumerated, used
for coidage, $15 per ton; on codilla, or tow of hemp, $10
per ton ; on tarred cables or cordage, 2£ cents per pound ;
on untarred cordage, 3 cents per pound ; on yams, twine,
and pack-thread, 4 cents per pound; on seines, 6 cents per
pound; on cotton bagging, or any other manufacture, not
otherwise provided for, suitable fortheuses to which cotton
bagging is applied, whether composed in whole or in part
of hemp or flax, or any other matenal, or imported under
the designation of gunny cloth, or any other appellation, 2
cents per square yard; on sail duck, 25 per centum ad val-
orem ; Russia and other sheetings;brown and white, 25 per
centum«(Jt>u/07em; and on all othei manufactures of hemp,
or of which hemp shall be a component part, nototherwise
provided fbr, 25 per centum ad valorem ; on unmanufac-
tured flax, $15 per ton ; on tow of flax, $5 per ton; on grass
cloth, 25 per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 16. Jlnd be xt further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected, "
and paid, 011 the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following duties, that is to say : First. On silk,
raw, notlnore advanced in manufacture than singles, tram,
and thiovyn, or organzine, 10 per centum ad valorem; on
ail silks valued at not over $1 per squaie yard, 20 per
centum ad valorem; on all silks valued at over$l per square
yard, thirty per centum ad valorem; on all sillr velvets, or
velvets of which silk is the component material of chief
value, valued at $3 per square yard or under, 25 per centum
ad valorem; valued at over $3 per square yard, 30 per
centum ad valorem; on floss silks, 20 per centum ad val-
orem; on silk twift, twist composed of mohair and silk,
sewing silk in the gum or purified, and all other manufac-
tures of silk, or of which silk shall be the component mate-
rial of chiefvalue, nototherwise piovided for, 30 per centum
ad valorem
Sec. 17, Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aioresaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles heieinafter men-
tioned, the following duties, that is to say: Fir^t. On col-
inder window-glass, and other window-glass not otherwise
provided for, 20 pei centum ad valorem; on all plain and
mold, And press glassware, not cut, engraved, or painted,
25 percentum ad valorem; on all plate, rough-plate, and
crown window-glass, 30 per centum ad valorem; on all
articles of glass, cut, engiaved, painted, colored, printed,
stained, silvered, or gilded, 30 percentum ad valorem; on
porcelain and Bohemian glass, glass crystals forwTatches,
paintings 011 glass, glasses or pebbles for spectacles, and all
manufactures of glass^or of which glass shall be a compo-
nent material, nototherwise provided for, 30 per centum ad
valorem. Second. On China and porcelain ware of all de-
seuptions, 30 per centum ad valorem; onall other earthen,
stone, or crockery ware, and all other wares composed of
earthy or mineral substances, 50 per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 18 JlnA he it further enacted* That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, a duty of 10 per centum on the importation of the
articles hereinafter mentioned and embraced m this sec-
tion ; that is to say: Acids, acetous, nitric, and all other
acids of every description, used for medicinal purposes, or
m the fine arts, not otherwise provided for; ammonia, sal-'
ammonia, and .sulphate and carbonate of auipionia ; arrow-
root * bamboos; bananas; bark, quilla ; barks of all kinds
not otherwise provided foi : beeswax ; bleaching powders;
blueor Roman vituol.oi sulphate of copper; book-;, printed,
magazines, pamphlet*, pcuodicals, andilhistrated newspa-
per;, bound or unbound, not otherwise provided for: borate
of hn e; Brazil paste; brimstone in rolte; building stones ;
cassia buds; cayenne pepper; chronometer's, box or ship's,
and parts thereof; chicory ioot; coccuius indicus ; compo-
sitions of glass or paste not set; corn meal; diamonds, cam-
eos. mosaics, gems, pearls,rubies, and other piecious stones,
imitations thereof, not set; diamonds, glazieis', set or not
set; engravings or plates, bound or unbound; flocks, waste
or shoddy; fiuit, green, npe 01 dned, not otherwise pro-
vided for; furs, dressed or undressed, when on the skin ;
furs, hatters', dressed 01 undressed, when not on the skin ;
ginger, ground, preseivedor pickled; gold beater's akin;
grind-stones, wrought or finished ; gum,copal; gum, substi-
tute, or burnt starch; gum benzoin, or benjamin; hair of ail
