1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
01ur> Legislature, for the increase of the salary of
the United States district judges in that State to
$,3,500 each.
The icasons assigned for this increase are the
inadequacy, in the opinion of the niemoralists,
of the present salaries, and the increase within the
last few years of the expenses of living in the cities
of Cincinnati and Cleveland. The salaries of all
the district judges of the United States were re-
vised and increased, under a general law, ap- !
proved February 17,1855, and the committee are \
not aware that the costofhvinghasbeen increased j
since that time, either in Cincinnati or Cleveland, i
The revision of salaries made in 1655 was the re- j
suit of full inquiry, a-sd necessarily involved the j
concession of great udilreiices of opinion amongst '
raembeis of CJongre&s- «ud no change of eircum- ;
stancrs has mijC^ occurred which, in the opinion j
of the corn nut tee, n neers it expedient that the gen-
eral law then should, in so short a period,
be modified 01 alteied. The cwlusion therefore
is, that the recommendation of the memorialists
ousht not to be adopted.
The report was concurred in.
JERVIS 51. BARKER.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary on resolutions of the Legislature of
Missouri, praying the reimbursement of the costs
incurred by Jervis M. Barker in defending a pros-
ecution against him by the United States, in
which he was acquitted.
Mr. POLK. 1 desire to have that case ex-
cepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
served.
JAMES BALDWIN.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the papers relating to the ciaim of
James Baldwin to a pension.
The adverse report was concurred in.
HARRISIN SARGENT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions against the application of Harrisin Sar-
gent for a pension; raid it was concurred in.
BOUNDARY STREET.
The next was the adverse report from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, on a petition
of citizens of the District of Columbia, praying
that an appropriation may be made for improving
Boundary street, m the city of Washington.
The report was concurred in.
EQUIPMENT OF MILITIA.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia adverse to the
prayer of seven petitions of officers of the Rhode
Island militia, asking that further provision by
law be made for equipping the militia of the U ra-
ted States.
The report was concurred in.
TRANCES CATO.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Frances Cato, widow of
Burrel Cato, a soldier in the revolutionary war,
praying to be allowed a pension.
The adverse report was concurred in.
EDWARD MERRITT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the memorial of Edward Merritt,
late an Army express rider in the ^Mexican war,
praying to be allowed a pension, or other com-
pensation, for services rendered and injuries re-
ceded m the public service.
The adverse report was concurred in.
T5.\Nir.L J. BROWNE.
The next was the repoit of the Committee on
Claims upon the memorial of Daniel J. Browne.
Tins clean is for compensation for extra ser-
vices p.'i'i\>rm'>l m the agi iouitui'ai bureau of the
Patent OilW, ]uliicipallV in preparing and snper-
i i, t,• ,nls nt the in-luting of the annual report on ag-
neuliur;-. He vets appointed to this outy m
Jmi". i.";it a salary of $1,500 ji. r annum,
i'ii w;n mcri asrd, in to ^,000 ]">•. * an
\V iliT a v. a-* i iiv; i uov >.< j i.i - - ' - v « „
num. The reason Va-.-igned for the siiia.luess 01^
tli" ordinal Mi!? 'iisatioa was, that the amount
of appropriation't.ppheahle to the agricultural
bianch of the u ovud not admit of a higMei
r,;;n, Tit- mrnviinbststat-^ that,from the tiuv*
of his appointment, he has been charged with
collating or composing, and making up the agri-
cultural leport; procuiin* the designs for the ne-
cessary illustrations, and with the superintendence
of its execution through the press. It is evident,
from an inspection of the successive works, that
great labor and industry—much beyond that re-
quired of ordinary cleiks—must have been be-
stowed by Mr. Browne upon these reports. He
asks an additional compensation of three dollars
per day.
The committee arc not aware that any allow-
ance has heretofore been made to any head of
bureau or other clerk in any of the public offices
for and on account of extra attention to the duties
of their office voluntarily performed. In the dis-
charge of the duties which devolve upon the in-
cumbents of the offices, it often happens, from j
the pressure of business or some public exigency, j
that the officers are obliged to work out of office j
hours—sometimes for a longer and sometimes for ;
a shorter period. These services are not imposed ;
by Executive order or by the command of any !
headof Department,but are generally undertaken j
from a sense of duty of the clerk or other officer, j
The public service off en requires it, and every office j
is accepted with thefull knowledge that such extra j
services may be and often are required, and that j
the officers are expected to render them when ne- j
cessary and proper. No unexpected or forced j
burden is therefore borne, and no additional com- j
pensation is either promised or looked for. Were j
the Government to establish the rule to pay for |
all such extra services, it would, doubtless, lead ;
to the neglect of duty in office hours, in order to |
create an apparent necessity and excuse for per- .
forming labor out of those hours for the purpose (
of getting additional pay. Such a practice would ;
add largely to the expenses of the Government,
and lead to manifold abuses. In cases where la-
borers and other subordinate employes of those
offices are compelled to perform extra labor out
of office hours, at the command of heads of bu-
reaus or Departments, it would be fair and just
that something should be allowed for such extra j
services. In such cases the labor is menial and ,
compulsory, and ought not to be exacted without
additional pay. But when clerks or other officers
voluntarily do these extra services to keep up the
current business of their offices, or to meet a sud-
den or unexpected call upon their time and labor,
no additional compensation ought to be allowed.
The committee, therefore, cannot recommend the
allowance of the extra pay asked for by the
claimant.
The adverse report was concurred m,
DOUGLAS OTTINGER.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce on a memorial of Douglas Ottiuger,
i praying for compensation for the labor and ex-
pense attending his invention of an apparatus for
rescuing passengers from sinking vessels in the
open sea, called the "life or surf car."
The adverse report was concurred m.
JOHN PRINK.
The next was the report of the Committee on .
the Post Office and PostRoads, upon the memorial ;
of John Frink, praying the remiss'on ot certain j
fines and deductions made from Ins compensation ,
for carrying the mails under a contract with the j
Post Office Department. i
The memorialist alleges that he entered into i
contract with the £'ost Oiacc Department to trans- t
portthn mails on various mail routes in the States ;
of Missouri, Illinois, Towa, Wisconsin, and ;
Michigan, and pn formed the service from July 1, 1
1851), to June ?;), IS54: that, by an act of Con-
gress passed subserj_ui,nt to entering hito tnese
contracts, a l.'irire l-c dilation was; made in the latcs
of posuiT, the ehA et ot whieu was to incieapc,
to a lar«e'rxte'.t, th* *.ze pi id weight of the
mails, idfof whi.-b were earned without any extra
compensation; bv t, on me contra; y. large and ex-
cessive fiuf's we".: ana deductions n.ade
for failures to anise in schedule time, when such
failures occurred in consequence of had roads,
] rciuleripg it nnposs'Me to make time with the
large increase ill the weight of the mail, which
would average more than double, and frequently
move tnan five times, its weight prior to the
i change of the law; and the memorialist therefore
! priiys that the l\>s'rnas'ev General he authorized
and required to review the cases, remit the fines
and deductions, and settle the account in a just
and equitable manner. It appears from the state-
ment of the Postmaster General that the memo-
rialist was the contractor on ninety-three .differ-
ent mail routes in the above-mentioned States:, at
an aggregate annual compensation of $,116,08.7,
amounting in the contract term to $464,348, and
that the fines and deductions during the same pe-
riod amounted to only §9,742, or a yearly average
of $2,435 50. This amount does not seem to the
committee to be, as the memorialist alleges, " ex-
cessive," considering the magnitude of theservice
and the compensation allowed; and as the com-
mittee do not deem it wise to interfere lightly with
the discretion vested in the Postmaster General,in
the matter of fines and deductions, they recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the prayer of the memorialist ought not
to be granted.
The resolution was adopted.
FLORIDA STEAM-PACKET COMPANY.
The next was the report of the Committee oft
Commerce upon the petition of the presidentand
stockholders of the Florida Steam Packet Com-
pany.
The memorialists are the owners of the steamer
Carolina, plying between Charleston, South Car-
olina, and Pilatka, on the St. John's river, Flor-
ida, touching at the intermediate ports and land-
ings. They allege that the steamer was unlawfully
seized by James G. Dell, the collector of customs
at the port of Jacksonville, on the 21st of May,
185", and detained for a period of twenty-eight
days, to the serious damage of the interests of the
owners; and they ask Congress to make reasona-
ble remuneration to them for the loss so imposed, •
which loss they estimate at #8,000. This contro-
versy has arisen out of the administration of the
ninth and tenth sections of the law of 1807 "to pro-
hibit the importation of slaves,"&c. These sec-
tions have sole reference to the transportation of
slaves coastwise, from one port to another, within
the jurisdiction of the United States; the main
points in the case being whether the master of a
vessel shipping slaves at one port in the United
States consigned to another was bound to exhibit
the manifest and permit at intermediate points, or
whether a simple report of the presence and des-
! tiny of the vessel was sufficient; and whether tlm
j law of 1807 should be construed to apply to the
i casual transportation of slaves from one port to
1 another within the same State, though in differ-
ent coll"c'.ion districts.
ROUTE AGENTS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads on the petition of
S. Van Sickeli, J. It. Bellerjeau, and George C.
Leidy, post route agents upon third-class route
from New York to Philadelphia, praying an in-
crease of compensation.
The adverse report was concurred in.
BOWSE AND CURRY.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce on the petition of Bowne & Curry,
praying to be allowed a portion ot the nn-ney paid
as duties on certain coal raised from a but merged
wrecked vessel.
Merchandise taken from wrecks, aifl imported
into the United States, is generally liaoie to duty,
and the law expressly provides for the manner in
which the duties shall be assessed, as will be seen
by reference to the twenty-first section of the act
of March 1, 1823. The only other act of Con-
gress on this subject is that ot March 3,1843,
which exempts from duty any merchandise re-
covered by any person or persons from a vessel
which shall be, or shall have been, sunk in any
bay, rivfi, or waters, subjcct to the jurisdiction
of the United States, and shall have remained so
sunk for the period of two years, shall ha\ e
i been abandoned by the owners tiiereo*; butm this
case the vessel in question did not remain sunk
i for die period of two years, and was not aban-
• doned, but was sold at public auction, and pur-
: chased by the petitioners, and therefore the case
i does not come within the terms of the act ofMarch
. 3, 1843. ,
The committee deem it inexpedient to grant tne
! prayer of the petitioners.
i The report was concurred in*.
