116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
BEVERLY DIGGS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce upon the memorial of Beverly Diggs.
The memorialist was appointed a third lieuten-
ant in the revenue cutter service in June, 1834,
was promoted to a second lieutenancy in Decem-
ber, 1838, and was advanced to a first lieutenancy
in August, 1843, in which grade he served until
April 3, 1853, when, by direction of the Presi-
dent, he was, together with a number of officers
of each grade, dropped from the service by letter
of the Hon. James Guthrie, the then Secretary of
the Treasury. The reason for this action on the
part of the Department, as appears from the rec-
ord, wasthat.it did not consider it had authority
of law to keep in the service a greater number of
officers than were cutters needing their employ-
ment. In making selection of those officers to be
retained and those to be dropped, the Department
was governed solely by a proper consideration for
the efficient performance of the duty required of
them, except in the grade of third lieutenants, in
which grade those officers dropped were mostly
those who had but recently entered the service.
It was adjudged that Mr. Diggs was, from his
manifest bodily infirmity, utterly incapable of
rendering efficient service, and was, accordingly,
among those dropped. Mr. Diggs received,
during his entire connection with the revenue cut-
ter service, the legal pay of his rank, and it is not
conceived that he has any claim for further com-
pensation.
The report was concurred in.
JOSEPH HAYNES.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions upon the petition of Joseph Haynes.
The petitioner was placed upon the pension roll,
at eight dollars per month, on the 14th September,
1846, the date at which he perfected the proofs of
service, and alleges that, " in consequence of the
loss of his certificate of honorable discharge, and
of the death of his commanding officer, he was
unable to perfect his proof at an earlier period,"
and now asks that he may be paid the amount
he would have received could these proofs have
been obtained. The law provides tnat all pen-
sions shall commence from the date of the proofs
upon which the pension is allowed, and the com-
mittee arc unable to discover, in the case of Mr.
Haynes, any reason for a departure from this
rule. They therefore recommend that the prayer
of the petitioner be denied.
The report was concurred in.
RACHEL MOREY.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions upon the petition of Rachel
Morey, praying for a pension; which was con-
curred in.
LOUIS F. TASISTRO.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the memorial of Louis F. Tasistro.
The memorialist was employed as translator in
the State Department, at a salary of $1,800 per
annum. In 1855 he was directed by the Secretary
of State "to devote all his leisure to an examina-
tion of the materials which have been submitted !
to the Secretary for a new volume of the Ameri- !
can Archives." Mr. Tasistro says that his ordi- j
nary duties required and occupied aljjiis time m !
regular office hours, and that it was necessary for
him to devote five or six hours a day, out of of- j
fice hours, for several months, m the discharge of i
the extra duty imposed upon him by the Secre-
tary. He asks to be allowed "a just and liberal
compensation" for the extra work thus performed
by him. It is evident that there was no intention
of laying the foundation of a claim for extra com- :
pensation. The instructions are as follows: " The 1
♦Secretary directs that translations of papers of :
any considerable length will be made by the as- i
sistant translator, and revised by Mr. Tasistro. j
The latter gentleman will devote his leisure to the ,
examination of materials which have been sub- j
mitted to the Secretary for a new volume of the
American Archives." It thus appears that a por- i
tion of Mr. Tasistro's ordinary duty was tran-s- I
ferred to the assistant translator for the express I
purpose of affording him the leisure which he was 1
required to devote to the particular duty required. |
The committee are of opinion that the memorial- j
ist presents no just or equitable claim against the
United States. j
The report was concurred in.
NATHAN SCHOLFIELD.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office upon the petition of
Nathan Scholfield.
The petitioner obtained, on the 15th of May,
1836, letters patent " for an improved governor or
regulator for equalizing and governing the motion
of machinery driven by water or steam power,"
and at the expiration of the original term of four-
teen years obtained from the Patent Office an ex-
tension for seven years which term expired on
the 15th day of May, 1857. He now applies for
a further extension of the patent for a term of
seven years. He alleges that he has not received
an adequate compensation for the time, labor, and
expense, and ingenuity bestowed upon the inven-
tion and its introduction to general use, and pre-
sents an account showing the net profits of the
patent to have been $3,912 90, all of which ac-
crued during the extended period of seven years,
and that nothing was made upon the patent during
the fourteen years of its original existence. The
account shows, however, that five hundred and
thirty-nine governors wefe sold during the first
fourteen years, while only one hundred and forty-
two machines were sold during the extended term
of seven years, to which should be added certain
privileges to make and U3e, sold to the corpora-
tions of Lowell, Manchester, and a few other
corporations and individuals. The petitioner pre-
sents no evidence of the utility of his invention
beyond the number of machines he states to have
been sold. The committee think that the peti-
tioner does not present a case calling for special
legislation of Congress in lus behalf.
The report was concurred in.
RAC1XAEL POSEY.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions on a petition of Rachel Posey,
widow of Mirajah Posey, praying for a pension;
which was concurred in.
FRANCIS HUTENACK.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on a petition of Francis Hutenack, pray-
ing for a pension.
The adverse report was concurred in.
COD FISHERIES.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce asking to be discharged from the con-
sideration of a petition of inhabitants of the town
of Duxbury, Massachusetts, engaged and inter-
ested in the cod and haddock fisheries on the coast
of Massachusetts, praying that some provision
be made by law so regulating the mode of taking
these fish as to prevent the destruction of those
fisheries.
The report was agreed to.
HEZEICIAH MILLER.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the memorial of Uezekiah Miller, who
prays for the difference between the amount he
actually received as clerk in the Indian office from
1828 to 1834, and the amount which should have
been allowed to the position he filled. The com-
mittee do not think the allegations of the peti-
tioner furnish any ground for a claim against the
Government, particularly as Miller received all
that which the law allowed him, and hence re-
port against the allowance of the claim.
The report was concurred m.
RED RIVER RAFT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce on a resolution instructing'them to in-
quire into the expediency of making an appropri-
ation for completing the removal of the rati of Red
river, agreeably to the estimates furnished to the
War Department by the engineer in charge of the
work. The committee asked to be discharged
from the consideration of the resolution; which
was agreed to.
SEBASTIAN INDIAN RESERVATION. j
The next was the report of the Committee on j
Indian Affairs, to be dischawd from the conoid- i
oration of a resolution of the Legislature of Cali- !
fornia instructing the Senators and reques'ing the 1
Representatives of that State m Congress to use
their efforts to prevent the removal or change in
the location of the Sebastian Indian reservation ,
in California. :
The committee were discharged.
JOSEPH MORROW.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions on a petition of Joseph Mor-
row, a soldier in the last war with Great Britain,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
agreed to.
EBENEZER "WATSON.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions on the memorial of Ebenezer
Watson, praying an increase of his pension;
which was agreed to.
LYDIA WEEKS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Lydia Weeks, pray-
ing to be allowed the pension to which her hus-
band, Jedediah Weeks, was entitled at the time
of his death.
The report was concurred in.
JOHN DROUT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of John Drout, a pen-
sioner of the United States, praying that his pen-
sion may commence from the date of his dis-
charge.
The adverse report was concurred in.
JOHN WIGHTMAN.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads on the petition of
John Wightman, a contractor for carrying the
mail on route No. 3366, from Meadville to Cla-
rion, in the State of Pennsylvania.
The petitioner represents that he has a contract
with the Post Office Department for carrying the
mail daily between Clarion and Meadville, in the
State of jPennsylvania; that the contract was al-
lotted to him at the regular letting and in regular
i form; that he has so far performed his engage-
' ment, but owing to the destruction of sundry
bridges on the route and the dilapidated condition
of the road, it having been entirely abandoned by
the company owning it, the expenses of trans-
porting the mail have been greatly increased,
whilst, at the same time, the traveling public have
been mainly driven from the route, and he is con-
sequently a heavy loser by the contract, and he
prays Congress to pass an act authorizing the
Postmaster General to change the compensation
allowed in his contract.
The adverse report was concurred in.
STEPHEN KREOS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs on the petition of Stephen Krebs,
Mary McGehey, and Lucy Lowery, children of
Stephen Kiebs, a citizen of the Choctaw nation
of Indians, praying to be allowed other land in
lieu of that to which they were entitled under the
treaty with the Choctaw Indians, of September
35, LS30. The committer} ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition; and
the report was concurred in.
CYNTHIA CONY.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Cynthia Cony. The
committee asked to be discharged; which was
agreed to.
GEORGE CIIORPENNING.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs on the petition of George Chor-
penning, praying remuneration for losses sus-
tained by himself and Absalom Woodward by
Indian depredations, while carrying the mails
from California to Salt Lake City, under con-
tract with the Post Office Department. The com-
mittee asked to be dischaiged from the further
consideration of the subject; which was agreed
to.
COURTS IN FLORIDA.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary on a presentment of the grand jury
of the United States court for the northern dis-
trict of Florida, relative to the necessity of a
building for the accommodation of the United
States courts in that distiict. The committee
asked to bo discharged from the further conside-
ration of the subject; which was agreed to.
JAMES B. TIIOMAS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
i Indian Affairs on the memorial and joint resolu-
tion of the State of Iowa, in behalf of James B.
