1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
General will see to it that the best mode of pub-
lication is adopted for the most general dissem-
ination of the desired information. It is palpable
to us all, that, if the publication is made in the
county papers, the -information will .reach those
who are most likely to bid for contracts for tar-
rying the mail.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN stated that debate on the
pending proposition was exhausted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make a point of order or*
the amendment: it proposes a change of existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairthinksthatthe
aftiendmentis in order. The law provides for the
publication of these proposals, and the amend-
ment is only in execution of that law.
Me. HOUSTON. I make the point that it
changes the law. It not only limits the law,,but
it makes another law.
"The CHAIRMAN. TheChairthinksthatthe
amendment is in order. It is a mere restriction
of power under the law.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to
offer this amendment:
Provided further, That it shall not be necessary for the
Postmaster General to require the advertisements to be pub-
lished in :my paper in the eity of Washington.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That amendment
is not in order. It proposes achango of existing
law.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I wish to modify
my amendment so that it will read:
Provided, That the advertising the mail routes ill each
State and Territory shall be made only in two newspapers
of the largest;circulation m sard State or Territory.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order. I
think the amendment, as amended, is surely a
change of existing law. The law is, that two pa-
pers in a State may be selected. The amend-
ment changes the law, and says that two papers
of the largest circulation shall have the publica-
tion. There could not be a more distinct change
of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is in order. It leaves discretion to
the Postmaster General as under the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment makes a
change of the law. The Postmaster General is
obliged to advertise in the papers having the
largest circulation.
The CHAIRMAN. The House cannot amend
anything unauthorized bylaw. These advertise-
ments are authorized by law, and the House can
limit the appropriation in any way it pleases.
The gentleman from Alabama mistakes the rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to add five dollars
to the appropriation. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and the committee,
that the adoption of his amendment will prevent
the accomplishment of the very object he has in
?iew. The Postmaster General, under the law,
selects the newspaper having a circulation in the
immediate vicinity of the routes for which the
contracts are to be made. He can, under the
amendment, select only two papers in which to
publish the same advertisement. Under the law,
he may, as he does, occupy the columns of fifty
different newspapers of a State. The paper having
the largest circulation is generally in the metrop-
olis of a State, and these advertisements will not
reach those who would most likely bid for the
contracts. County papers in the vicinity of the
mail routes are the papers that are selected by the
Postmaster General. He can advertise in those
papers at a less cost. Their circulation is limited
to the immediate vicinity. They will not charge
one half what a city paper does. I know that the
practice of the immediate predecessor of the pres-
entPostmaster General was to distribute the post
office advertising all over the State. I know that
was the practice in Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Gentlemen laugh. Well, 1 will say that the ad-
vertisements were published in the Democratic
newspapers nearest the neighborhood of the
routes, and I approved of that distribution of
patronage.
Mr. BLISS. The gentleman states that that
was flie practice in his State. I want to state the
practice in my State. One of the papers my col-
league has referred to—a paper of less than a
thousand circulation—advertised the lettings for
the State of Alabama.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the members for Ala-
bama take care of their own newspapers. Now,
I say that the purpose is better attained in the
plan which I suggest. Thisamendment proposes
to take away from the Postmaster General the
very discretion which enables him to save money.
Now, I submit to gentlemen who are now smitten
with this desire to be economical, who desire to
save the public money, who are slriking at work-
ing men,and are reducing the compensation paid
to working people, whether it would not be better
to continue this service as it is now carried on ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
as well as the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. No economy will be accomplished by the
course proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
A discretion must be left to the executive depart-
ment, in selecting newspapers in which the adver-
tising the annual mail lettings shall be made. This
item of appropriation embraces not merely the
annual advertisements of mail lettings, but also
the advertisement of uncalled-for letters; and these
latter are directed to be published in the newspa-
pers having the largest circulation, and this is to
be decided by the local postmaster.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Missouri will allow me to say that my amend-
ment does not at all affect the advertisement of
uncalled-for letters.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This appropri-
ation embraces both classes of advertising.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. My amendment
does not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With regard to
the advertising of the mail lettings, much must
be permitted to rest m the discretion of the De-
partment. I can only speak of the manner in
which the advertisements for lettings are distrib-
uted in the State which 1 have the honor in part
to represent. The Postmaster General was un-
willing to grant the request made of him by the
delegation for the publication of the annual Post
Office advertisements last year; but I thought he
exhibited a commendable zeal in placing notice
of the mail lettings within the reach of all, while
he did not increase the expenditures of advertis-
ing over those of the four preceding years. The
law requires these annual advertisements to be
published in two newspapers in the State for
twelve weeks; but it also permits the Postmaster
General to publish them in other newspapers.
He did not'give them to the same newspapers for
the whole length of time, hut only for two or
three weeks; advertising the rest of the time in
other newspapers. By this means the most ex-
tended publication was given to the advertise-
ments. I hope, therefore, the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio will not be adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
amendment; and it was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayea 64, noes 60.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend by add-
ing at the end of the clause the following:
Jlni provided further, That the two papers aforesaid shall
not he selected in the same city or town in any State or
Territory.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia to add, " and they shall not
be of the same politics." [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I think the amendment
which I offer is a very proper one to the amend-
ment that has just been adopted. I imagine that
in almost every State and Territory in this Union
it will happen that the papers published at the
seat of government, or at some one commercial
point, within a State or Territory, of the most
importance, will be those having the largest cir-
culation. Take, for example, the State of Ohio.
I imagine that the papers of Cincinnati all have
a much larger circulation than those of any of
the other cities or towns. And so with regard
to my own State. The papers of the city of
Richmond will be found to have a larger circula-
tion than those of any other part of the State.
Now, would it not be proper, in publishing this
sort of advertisements, to put them in two of the
Richmond papers? denying, in a great measure,
to one whole portion of the State all opportunity
of seeing them—except so far as they might be
seen by "the subscribers of one or the other of
these two papers, scattered here and there through-
out the State? It seems to me that it would be
much fairer to assign the advertising to papers in
two different sections of the State, so that each
section should have an opportunity to know what
the advertisement proposes, and that parties dis-
posed to contract might have an opp'ortanity'of
doing so, on the information thus acquired. It
seems to me that the proposition is a very im-
portant addition to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. Is it in order now to move
to strike out the whole clause?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. NICHOLS. I make that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire first to perfect the
clause proposed to be stricken out, by adding the
following:
And that the advertising shall be given to the paper near-
est the center point of where the service is to be performed.
Mr. NICHOLS. Has the gentleman the floor,
or have I the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it woMld
be competent for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to move to perfect the clause before the question
is taken on striking it out.
Mr. FLORENCE. The argument of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] ought, in
my judgment, to convince the committee of the
impracticability of this amendment. The papers
having the largest circulation in the States are
published in the large cities, and do not reach
the people who are to bid for these contracts. If
the amendment provided that the advertisements
should be inserted in the paper having the largest
circulation within a circuit of fifty miles, the ob-
ject might be attained. But it would be throwing*
money away to put these Post Office advertise-
ments in the city papers when the service is to be
performed hundreds and hundred's of miles off.
1 have had some opportunities of knowing some-
thing about this matter; and I know that to put
the advertisements in the paper in the city of Phil-
adelphia having the largest circulation, would cost
six or ten times as much as to put them in the
county papers; and it will not answer the purpose
had in view, which is to get the proposals for
service before those who are to bid for it. Gen-
tlemen must recollect that the service performed
in some counties in the State does not cost fifty
dollars; and to advertise that service in the paper
having the largest circulation in the city of Phil-
adelphia, will cost three times as much as the ser-
vice itself costs. I think that the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio would lead to an extrav-
agantand useless expenditure of the public money;
and I hope that it will be rejected by the House.
Mr. NICHOLS. I propose to say all X in-
tended to say, in opposition to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Now, in my
view, this provision for advertising the Post
Office lettings is wholly unnecessary, and a use-
less waste of money. The Post Office Depart-
ment prints these proposals in pamphlet form,
and sends them to all the post offices throughout
the congressional districts in the Union. They
are accessible there, and are examined by those
who propose to be contractors for mail service.
It was formerly Ihe custom to select two or three
leading papers, having the largest circulation in
the State, as the medium of laying these propo-
sals before the people; but within the last six or
eight years that system has been changed, and
the Post Office advertisements are published in
gross in the leading papers of this city, and then
cut up into sections and divided amongst a whole
swarm of papers throughout the different States,
in order to gratify the clamor that the publishers
of certain newspapers have made for a division
of the spoils. I say, then, that the whole object
can be attained by the publication of these 1 ost
Office lettings in the leading newspapers here,
and then distributing in pamphlet form by the
Department to the post offices throughout the
country. This appropriation is, therefore, en-
tirely unnecessary; and, in my judgment, it is a
mere fund for the sustenance of partisan papers.
I do not want to see a swarm of honest country
printers attracted here by a desire of participating
in the spoils of this Government, to spend just
about as much money in paying hotel bills as
th% miserable pittance they receive for the adver-
tisements awarded to them. I believe that if we
were to strike out the whole appropriation, no
interest in the country would suffer, and that the
