118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
A petition of Lemuel Worster, praying to be
allowed bounty land for his services in the war
of 1812;
The petition of Mary S. Taylor, widow of
Alexander S. Taylor, a volunteer in the war of
1812, praying to be allowed bounty land;
The petition of Eliphalet Lyman, praying to be
allowed bounty land for his services as surgeon
to a company of draughted militia in the war of
1812; and
The petition of Henrietta Carroll, widow of
William Carroll, praying to be allowed bounty
land, for the services of her husband during the
last war with Great Britain.
JAMES Ii. BIRCH AND OTHERS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Public Lands upon the memorials of James H.
Birch, jr., T. D. W. Yonley, Thomas E. Bas-
sett, Joseph B. BiggerstafT, ElizurD.Parsons,and
Thomas E. Turney.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to have that passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
served.
JOHN LEACH.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions upon the petition of John Leach.
The petitioner alleges that he served in the rev-
olutionary army for some three years, and was
honorably discharged. There is, however, no
documentary evidence that such is the fact. Mr.
Leach is a resident of the city of Washington,
and has been for many years; and, though his
reputation for truth and veracity seems to be well
sustained, the committee are reluctant to estab-
lish the precedent of granting a pension merely
"upon the assertion of the applicant that the alleged
service was actually performed. They therefore
recommend that the prayer of the petition be de-
nied.
The report was concurred in.
ANNA M. M'liENNEY.
The next was the report of the Committee 011
Pensions upon the petition of Anna M. McKcn-
ney, widow of the late Chaplain William Mt-
Kenney, of the Navy.
Rev. William McKenney entered the service
September 8,1841, and died therein May 4, 1857.
In the application made by his widow, it is
claimed that be died of asthma, caused by expo-
sure in burying one of the boat hands, 011 the 28th
of October, 1841; and the medical testimony shows
that Chaplain McKennev sutFered severely for a
number of years from asthma, and thatlns death
was caused by that disease, in conjunction with
the medical agents used by him to obtain relief;
but there is no evidence which, under the rules of
the Pension Office, could be considered as proving
that such disease originated in the line of duty.
The committee therefore report that the prayer
of the petitioner ought not to be granted.
The report was concurred in.
S. S. POWELL AND OTHERS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce on the petition of Samuel S. Powell,
and others, praying an examination of Samuel
Nowlan's plan for bridging the East river, at
New York.
The adverse report was concurred in.
E. BALLARD AND R. JORDAN.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims 011 the petition of Ebenezer Ballard and
Rishworth Jordan.
The petitioners represent that they were sea-
men on board the United States ship Adams,
which was destroyed 111 the harbor of Hampden,
Maine, in lSlu, by order of her commanding offi-
cer, to prevent her falling into the hands of the
enemy; by which thu clothing and other property
of the crew, to the amount, of about one hundred
and fit'ty dollars, was destroyed and lost. The
petitioners further state that, prior to the destruc-
tions of the Adams, during a cruise to the coast
of Ireland and back, she took several prizes, the
proceeds of which were delivered to a Navy
agent of the United States, in whose custody they
were lost to the petitioners. It is asked that
Congress will grant indemnity for the personal
properly lest by the burning of the Adams, and '
for the puze-money to which the crew had be-
come entitled. Th" committee consider the claim
too stale and unsupported to authorize its allow-
ance.
The report was concurred in.
MICHAEL NOURSE.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims upon the petition of Michael Nourse,
claiming compensation for certain services ren-
dered at the request of Mr. Whittlesey, First
Comptroller of the Treasury, in 1853. It seems
that the examination amongst the records, made
by the petitioner, was voluntary upon his part,
made to oblige his friend, Mr. Whittlesey, and
without any authority of law, direction of any
Government officer, or any promise of compen-
sation. Although Mr. Nourse acted very clev-
erly in the matter, and deserves the thanks of the
Government, yet there is no legal or equitable
claim upon the Government for compensation for
services thus gratuitously rendered. The com-
mittee ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the case; which was agreed to.
CHARLES VINSON.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims upon the petition of Charles Vinson,
claiming compensation for extra services while he
was a clerk in one of the Departments.
The adverse report was concurred in.
J. HOSFORD SMITH.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce on the petition of J. Hosford
Smith, praying an additional allowance during
the time he was United States Consul at Beirut,
in Syua; which was concuired in.
INDIAN POLICY.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs asking to lie discharged from the
consideration of the memorial of the Executive
Boai J of the American Indian Aid Association, in
the city of New York, praying that such laws
may be passed as will protect and improve the
Indian tribes 111 the United States.
The report was agreed to.
R. F. HUNTER. *
The next was the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia on the petition of
R. F. Hunter, alieutenantm the Army, praying to
be allowed a credit in his accounts for certain
public money stolen while in his custody.
The adverse report was concurred in.
JOHN H. YEWELL.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions upon the petition of John H. Yewell,
praying to be allowed a pension.
Tiie adverse report was concurred in.
GUANO ISLANDS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce asking to be discharged front the con-
sideration of two memorials of merchants and
others, citizens of New York and Brooklyn,
praying the adoption of measures for ascertain-
ing the correctness of certain alleged discoveries
of guano on Jarvis and Baker's Islands, in the
Pacific ocean, the quality of the guano, and its
accessibility to merchant vessels.
The report was agreed to.
TELEGRAPHING.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary asking to be discharged fr-«m the
consideration of the memorial of the Magnetic
Telegraph Company, and of the New England
Union Telegtapii Company, praying the enact-
ment of a law which will prevent combinations
between citizens or companies in the United
States and monopolies or companies out of the
United States, for the purpose of oppressing tel-
egraph companies and monopolizing the business
of telegraphing in the United Statee; and also the
memorial of the American Telegraph Company
in answer thereto, and a further memorial of the
American Magnetic and New England Telegraph
Company by way of reply, varying the prayer
of their first memorial.
The repoit was agreed !o.
RIGGS AND CO.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the memorial of U'eye & Co.
The memorialists allege, 111 effect, that Charles
Loring, the receiver of the land office at Bcnicia, |
California, applied to them, in Washington, on
the 17th July, 1854, to advance to him #2,700,
which they accordingly did, at a commission of
one per centum thereon. Loring had verbally
applied to the Department for this money for the /
use of his office, and was advised that a draft
might be issued in his favor for #2,700, the amount
of his requisition for the expenses of his office
for the current-quarter, but that it could not be
paid until after the passage of the appropriation •
bill pending before Congress, in which that item
was provided for. Mr. Loring executed a power
of attorney to Riggs & Co., authorizing them to
receive the money, which power of attorney was
received and corrected by the accounting officers
of the Treasury, and upon this proceeding ths
money was advanced. Did this advance consti-
tute a claim upon the United States ? Was it an
advance to the United States or to Loring? The
committee think it an advance to Loring, and not
to the Government. Nor is it shown that the
Government derived any benefit from the advance.
Riggs & Co. charged their commission, and must
be regarded as having taken all the risks, includ-
ing that of Loring's death and removal from of-
fice. They therefore report adversely.
The report was concurred in.
CHARLOTTE TAYLOR.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims, on the petition of Charlotte Taylor, who,
as daughter of William Scarbrough, ofSavannah,
Georgia, asks for some " pecuniary acknowledg-
ment" for the benefits which have resulted to the
country at large from the enterprise and pecuni-
ary sacrifices of her father 111 constructing the
first steamer that ever crossed the Atlantic.
The mechanical energy and boldness of Mr.
Scarbrough, aided by his private fortune, were
all embarked in an enterprise of great interest,
of the successful issue of which serious doubts
weie generally entertained by practical as well as
scientific men on both sides of the Atlantic. He
was eminently successful, and from this enter-
prise dates the era of ocean steam navigation. In
thus practically demonstrating a problem of un-
usual inteiest, and one from whose successful
solution mankind have been so greatly benefited,
Mr. Scarbrough doubtless exhausted his means
and died in poverty; and the enduring honor of
having thus served his race, and the gratitude of
his countrymen, will place his name in fellowship
with that of Fulton. But the committee, after
mature consideration and reflection, can find no
authority for granting the prayer of the petitioner,
and they report adversely.
The report.was concurred in.
GEORGE T. PARRY.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the memorial of George T.
Parry, praying that the Secretary of the Navy
be authorized to purchase his patent for an in-
strument, the object of which is to abolish the
friction attending the thiust of propellers.
The committee, while acknowledging the merit
of the petitioner's invention, cannot lecommend
the purchase of his patent, and hence ask to be
discharged from the consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
REYNALL COATES.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the memorial of Reynall
Coates, praying compensation for losses sustained
and services rendered whi'e with the scientific
corps of the South Sea exploring expedition.
The adverse report was coiicurred«in.
JAMES A. MOTT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the memorial of Dr. James A. Mott.
Dr. Mott charges the Government with medical
services performed by him for United States sol-
dieis during the war of 1812-15,including several
capital and other surgical operations upon officers
and soldiers in consequence of wounds received m
battle; he also charges for the impressment of a
horse and sleigh into the service, and for damages
for a wound received from a dragoon. The whole
amount claimed is $949, with interest from 1814.
There is no proof before the committee in support
of the claim, except the affidavit of the claimant
and some general hearsay statements of two or
three other parties. The committee, therefore, in
view of the great lapse of time, and the entire ab-
