1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
sence of competent proof, recommend that the |
claim be rejected. j
The report was concurred in. i
CHARLES KOHLER. j
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims upon the petition of Charles Kohler, for ;
salvage. I
Mr. BRODERICK. I desire to have action on i
that report deferred. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be ex- j
ccptcd. |
BINDING FOR CONGRESS. j
The next was the report of the Committee to ;i
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of\\
the Senate on the resolution of the Senate-that the ji
binders of the Congressional Globe and Appendix ' i
for the Thirty-Fourth Congress be paid the same ^
price per volume as is allowed by law for binding
the same for the Tlurty-Fii'lh Congress. j
By a public advcitisement, dated September 17, h
1858, the Secretary of the Senate invited piopoeals ;!
"for binding the Congressional Globe and Ap-p
pendix for the first and second sessions of the j;
Thirty-Fourth Congress, ordered by the Senate." ; j
Mr. De Camp beins^ the lowest bidder, a contract ;,
was entered into with him for the execution of the i.
work, at thirty-nine cents per volume. The work ;
has been done and is paid for at that price. On ;;
the 23d March, 1857, a similar advertisement was : i
made for proposals for binding the Concessional ;j
Globe and Appendix for the third session of the n
Thirty-Fourth Congress, in two volumes—one of ':
about twelve hundred and the other about five j]
hundred pages. Mr. Espey being the lowest bid- !'
der,( his proposals averaging thirty-eight and three |{
fourths cents for each of the two volumes,) aeon-
tract was entered into with him for binding the {I
two volumes at those rates. The work has been {j
done and paid for accordingly. In view, there- jj
fore, of the fact that the binding of the Congres- j
sional Globe and Appendix for the Thirty-Fourth 1 j
Congress was submitted to open and fair cornpe- j;
tition, and that the parties concerned willingly 'j
agieed to execute it at prices named by them-
selves, the committee cannot recommend any fur- i;
ther allowance for that woik, but recommend that
the resolution do not pass.
The report was concurred in.
tim calendar.
Mr. STUART. Having gone through with
those adverse reports, I suppose it is understood
that we shall now proceed with the Calendar of
bills, and act on those of them which have been
reported upon adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done. The Secretary will now proceed to read
the titles of the bills on the Calendar on which
adverse reports have beeu made by committees,
or from which they have asked to be discharged.
Any of those bills may be reserved by the Sen-
ate at the request of any Senator.
The Secretary. The Committee on Public
Lands ask to be discharged from the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 2) granting a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres of the public lands
to actual settlers.
Mr. STUART. A single suggestion in addi-
tion to what the Chair has said. The proper
motion in all these cases is the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill. It may be understood by
the Senate that that motion is agreed to, unless
a case be excepted.
Mr. FOOT. I was about to make that motion
in regard to this bill. Another bill for the same
object is pending before the Senate, introduced
by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
Tins is uuuther bill of the same character, and
may be indefinitely postponed. We only want
one bill on the same subject and embracing the
same general object.
The"PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair will
understand it as the vote of the Senate that cach
bill, the title of which may be read, will be in-
definitely postponed if it be not excepted at the
lequestof some Senator.
The Senate then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bills on the Calendai on which ad'
veise reports had been made; and the following
were indefinitely postponed:
A bill (S. No. 2) granting a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of the public lands to
actual settlers;
A bill (S. No. 109) for the relief of 0. H.
Cerryman and others; (C. C.)
A bill (S. No. 49) to provide for the construc-
tion of a court-house, post* office, and custom-
house in Appalachicola, in the State of Florida;
A resolution (S. No. 19) to extend the limita-
tions of the act entitled "An act for the relief of
citizens of towns upon lands of the United States
under certain circumstances," approved May 3,
1844;
An act (H. R. No. 14) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue a register or enroll-
ment to the vessel called the James Mclndoe, now
owned by Thomas Coatsworth, James G. Coats-
worth, and William Coatsworth, of Buffalo, New
Yoik;
A bill (S. No. 139) amendatory of the act en-
titled "An act in addition to certain acts granting
bounty lancU to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the_
United States," appioved March 3, 1855;
A bill (S. No. 121) for the relief Sturgcs, Ben-
nett & Co., merchants, of the city of New York;
(C. C.)
A (bill S. No. 56) explanatory of an art entitled
" An act in addition to certain acts granting boun-
ty land to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the Uni-
ted States," approved March 3, 1855;
A bill (S. No. 23) for the relief of Robert Dick-
son, of the Kentucky volunteers;
A hill*(S. No. 20) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for holding the courts of the United
States in the case of sickness or other disability
of the judges of the district courts," approved
July £9, 1856;
A bill (S. No. 133) to extend an act approved
the 3d day of February, 1853, entitled an " Act
to continue half pay to certain widows and or-
phans,"
A bill (S. No. 234) for the remission of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures,
A bill (S. No. 62) to establish an additional
land district ill the State of Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 299) to establish an additional
land distiict in the State of Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 5) to provide for the survey of
the Ohio river and its principal tributaries;
A bill (S. No. 7) for the improvement of nav-
igation at the falls of the Ohio river;
A bill (S. No. 43) to authorize the improvement
of the Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Arkansas
rivers, by contract, and making appropriations
for the same;
A bill (S. No. 143) making an appropriation
for deepening the channel of the S^'Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan;
A bill (S. No. 333; gianting a pension to Jo-
seph Vance;
A bill (S. No. li) to divide the State of Indiana
into two judicial districts, and to pi ovide for hold-
ing the district and circuit courts of the United
States theiein;
A bill (S. No. 21) to divide the State of Iowa
into two judicial districts;
A bill (H. T>. No. 222) for the relief of Eliza-
beth E. V'. Field:
A bill (S. No. 280) to repeal the twenty-fifth
section of the act to establish the judicial courts
of the United States, approved September 24,
1759;
A resolution (S. No. 10) directing the Secre-
tary of the Intei lor to pay ceitam pension claims
theiein specified;
A bill (S. No. 339) to amend an act entitled
" An act to extend preemption rights to certain
lands therein mentioned," approved March 3,
1853;
A bill (S. No. 423) for the relief of Jane Perry;
An act (11. R. No. 365) granting a pension to
'Jeremiah Wright;
A bill (S. No. 105) to ascertain and adjust the
titles to certain lands in Kansas;
A joint resolution (S. No. 27) authorizing the
suspension of sales of public land* in the Terri-
tory of Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 378) to enable the Columbian
College iii the District of Columbia, to found and
establish a professorship of agriculture and me-
chanical science, and to complete her endowment
fund, and for the benefit of the public schools of
Washington, District of Columbia;
A lull"(S. No. 379) to enable the Columbian
! College in the District of Columbia, to found and
establish a professorship of agriculture and me-
chanical science, and to complete her endowment
fund, and for the benefit of the public schools of
Washington, District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 24) to secure to actual settlers
the alternate sections of the public lands reserved
in the grants to the States for railroads;
A bill (S. No. 415) to extend the principles of
the preemption act to certain lands herein men-
tioned, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 369) to amend an act entitled
" An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment," approved July 30,1854;
A joint resolution (S. No. 29) to refer the claim
of Joseph Valiiere, deceased, to the Court of
Claims;
A bill (S. No. 448) to repeal an act entitled "An
act to expedite telegraphic communication for the
use of the Govern men t i n i ts foreign intercourse,''
approved, March 3, 1857;
A bill (S. No. 401) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by clec-
trie telegraph;
A bill (S. No. 281) to secure a prompt con-
struction of a line of telegraph from San Fran-
cisco to Fort Smith, andfrom thence to St. Louis
and to Memphis;
A joint resolution (S. No. 44) to grant to the
judges and solicitor of the Court of Claims the
use of the congressional library, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (S. No. 14) authorizing the
appointment of comnussioneis to examine into
the difficulties in the affairs of the Territory of
Uiah, with a view to their settlement;
A bill (S. No. 372) to settle the titles to certain
lands belonging to the half-breed Kansas Indians,
in Kansas Terutory;
A bill (S. No. 66) to amend an act entitled "An
act to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans;" approved, February 3, 1853;
An act (H. R. No. 652) to repeal the second
section of the act entitled " An act to establish
certain post roads,"approved June 14,1858; and
A joint resolution (3. No. 12) to authorize the
Secietaiy of War to modify a contract made with
Rigiiter & Grain for the removal of obstructions
in the Southwest Pass and Pass a 1'Outre, at the
mouth of the Mississippi river.
BILLS RESERVED.
The following were reserved when taken up in
succession, at the request of Senators, as indica-
ted below;
A bill (S. No. 93) for the relief of Nahum
Ward, (C. C.)—by Mr. Polk in consequence of
the absence of Mr. Pu&h.
A bill (S. No. 42) to provide for the construc-
tion of a custom-house, court-house, and post
office in Trenton, in tiie State of New Jersey—
by Mr. Wright.
A bill (S. No. 40) to settle doubts in relation to
the title of certain common-field lots in the State
of Missouri, heretofore granted to the inhabitants
of Saint Louis for the support of schools—by Mr.
Polk.
A bill (S. No. 289) explanatory of an act grant-
ing public lands to aid in the construction of a
liuiroral in the States of Florida and Alabama, and
for other purposes—by Mr. Clay.
A bill (S. No. 6) to continue the pension here-
tofore granted to Katharine M. Homer—by Mr.
Jones on behalf of Mr. Pucn.
A bill (S. No. 147) making an appropriation for
deepening the channel over the St. Clair Flats in
the State of Michigan—by Mr. Ciiasdleb.
A bill (S. No. 228) making appropriations for
certain public works ill the State of Maine—by
Mr. Hon,in.
A bill (S. No. 179) to extend the provisions of
section twelve of the " act making appropriations
for the naval service Cor the year ending the 30th
of June, 165S"—by Mr. Houston.
A bill (S. No. 110) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
Turabull—by Mr. Mason.
A bill (S. No. 229) for the relief of Jane Turn-
bull—bv Mr. Mason.
An act (H. R. No. 353) for the relief of Eli W.
Golf—bv Mr. Foot.
A bill"(S. No. 22) for the relief of certain citi-
zens of Sioux city, in the State of Iowa—by Mr.
Jones.
A Jjill (S. No. 220) for the relief of alliens and
