1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to submit a motion to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the appropriation
bill ? I must make my question of order. Unless
I make my motion now, the Senator from Florida
[Mr. Mallory] will have the floor on another
suly'ect at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now in order
for the Senator to move to postpone the pending
motion, and all other orders.
Mr. HUNTER. I presume I can move to post-
pone all prior orders ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator can accomplish his purpose by the
motion he has suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. I make that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not believe there will
be any more talk about this subject of the Coast
Survey report.
Mr. HUNTER, If I were to yield n<y$, I
should not get the floor again before somebody
had the floor 011 Cuba. I want to make my mo-
tion now, and try the sense of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
Indiana to take up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate passed the resolution to
print five thousand copies of the Coast Survey
report, to be given to the Superintendent for dis-
tribution. The Senator from Virginia moves to
postpone, until to-morrow, that motion and ail
priqr orders, with a view to take up the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judical expenses of Government for the year
ending June 30, 1860.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will give
■way for one moment. 1 think it likely that we
can get a vote upon this question without any fur-
ther debate.
Mr. HUNTER. If I give way to allow the
vote to be taken, I fear I shall not get the floor
any more. I hope my fiiend will excuse me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone.
Mr. HUNTER. I have but a word to say in
regard to that motion. I want to.call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that all the heavy
appropriation bills are behind, and that in addi-
tion to them, we shall have to act upon some bill
to raise means to enable the Government to get
along—either a bill to reissue Treasury notes, or
a loan bill; and if we mean to do those things
which are absolutely necessary, in order to pre-
vent an extra session, we must give the appro-
priation bills precedence. I have stood by and
permitted the Cuba bill to occupy a much larger
proportion of time than the appropriation bills. I
have a statement here of the number of days oc-
cupied by oarh. I find that, on this question of
Cuba, we have consumed eight days, and gener-
ally whole days. I find that on all" the appropri-
ation bills together we have had but nine days,
and only a small pan of yesterday appropriated
to them. I must say I regret very much to have
to push these appropriation bills when Senators
are entitled to the floor 011 other subjects; but I
find it will not do for me to yield out of courtesy;
because if I do it to-day, 1 shall have to do it to-
morrow. If we were to take up the Cuba bill,
undoubtedly, the Senate would adjourn for some
set speech,"and thus we should have that ques-
tion going on until the end of the session; and we
shall be f'otced into an extra session unless we
take up the appropriation bills and act on them
at once. Having given this explanation, it will
be for the Senate to determine what-they will
do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask a question
about the order of business. If the appropriation
bill be taken up, will it, 01* will it not, be deferred
at one o'clock ?
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not agree to postpone
it. It can only be deferred by a vote of the Sen-
ate. I rannot help that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know but that
it went over, of course, at one o'clock. If it will
go on, 1 will vote to take it up.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders m the way, for the purpose of taking up
the appropriation lull.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia moves to postpone the subjectundercon-
sideration; but the Chair will state that the Sen-
ate have made a special order for one o'clock,
and when that time arrives, the Chair will call
it up.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone. that
along with the other prior orders. I move to post-
pone all prior orders.
Mr. IjIGLER. And subsequent orders.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; 1 move to postpone
them all.
Mr. SLIDELL. It would be well, Mr. Pres-
ident, to have an understanding upon this sub-
ject. I shall certainly interpose no objection to
the consideration of the appropriation bill until
one o'clock; but when that hour arrives, unless
the bill for the acquisition of Cuba comes up in
order, as a matter of course, without a renewed
motion to postpone the appropriation bill, I must
now object to the proposition of the Senator from
Virginia. '
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia can move to continue the appropriation bill
at one o'clock.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should prefer to go on with
the Cuba bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is unusual; the
Chair knows of no instance of a motion being
made to postpone a piece of business which will
not come up for an hour. The Senator from Vir-
ginia moves to postpone all orders of business
that would come up at this time, clear through the
Calendar. The Chair, at one o'clock, unless the
sense of the Senate be otherwise, if this motion
should prevail, will call up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. HUNTER. I have made my usual'mo-
tion. I have always, heretofore, been able to
postpone all prior orders, by such a motion; but,
if the Chair is correct, this Cuba bill will always
shut me out, for we shall always adjourn on it
with somebody on the floor; and when the Chair
calls for the special order, a Senator will be en-
titled to the floor, and I shall be shut out entirely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take-the sense of the Senate when the time comes.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well; let us try the sense
of the Senate upon it. I ask the Senate now to
indulge me in postponing all prior orders, and
taking up the appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand this point. Does the Senator niMn at one
o'clock to suspend the appropriation bill for the
special order ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I do not. I desire
to go on with the bill. If the Chairdecides against
me, I will take the sense of the Senate on the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose the Chair de-
cides that, atone o'clock, the special order comes
up: will the Senator move to postpone the special
order, in order to go on with the appropriation bill?
Mr. HUNTER. I shall insist that the appro-
priation bill is up; and if the Chairdecides against
me, I shall take an appeal.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 would suggest to my friend
to move to postpone all the orders of the day, if
that is his object.
Mr. HUNTER. I have moved it. I have
moved to postpone them all; and if the Senate
agrees to it, I shall fnsist that, at one o'clock,
unless there is another motion to postpone the
appropriation bill, we go on with it through the
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to have a distinct
understanding on this subject. As a member of
the Committee 011 Finance, I am perfectly willing
to sustain the chairman in getting up the appro-
priation bills. 1 believe there is hardly time
enough left now to pass them; but I wish to un-
derstand whether, if once up, he will continue
their consideration if possible.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly I will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose it is then ruled
■by the Chair, and the ruling is sustained by the
Senate, that this bill being up is displaced by the
special order; will the Senator move to postpone
the special order, and continue the discussion of
the appropriation bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes; I will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Then I will
vote to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to
postpone the pending motion, and all prior orders,,
with a view to take up the appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I ask leave of the Senate to pre-
sent a memorial.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WARD. It is a memorial of the citizens
of Texas, asking that Joseph M. Taylor b§ re-
lieved from on injunction of the United States
against him for a defaulting postmaster. I also
desire to present another memorial of the same
character,
Mr. HUNTER. I did not give way for pe-
titions and reports. I thought the appropriation
bill was up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was up,
but it is in order for any Senator to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, and the Chair heard
110 objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I object." I want to go 011
with the bill.
Mr. WARD. I shall be through in a mo-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
say to the Senator from Texas that it requires
unanimous consent to present the memorial, and
the Senator from Virginia objects.
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed to presenting
them. I have got the bill up, and I want to go
on with it. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels
obliged to continue the order of business, if in-
sisted on.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the consent of the Senate
to offer a memorial, and to .make a report. I came
in and found a discussion going on, and then the
Senator from Virginia made his motion. If I am >
not allowed to present them, I shall move to re-
consider the vote by which we postponed all
prior orders. I hope there will be no objection.
I do not widi to take up any time.
Mr. HUNTER. If I give way to the Senator,
I shall have to give way for all others. I cannot
agree to it. Let the Senate reconsider the vote,
if they think proper.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to reconsider the
vote by which we postponed all prior orders, and
thus shut out petitions and reports in the morn-
ing hour.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill(H. R. No. 92) to amend
the act entitled, "An act in additioi) to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers, who have been employed in the military
service of the United States," approved May 14,
18.r>6.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 711)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, I860, which was
reported from the Committee on Finance, with
amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was in
lines eightand nine, to strike out " $319,018 88,"
and insert " §338,861 72;" so that the clause will
read :
For compensation and mileage of Senators, $338,861 72.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Have we passed that portion
of the bill which concerns mileage ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to give notice that I
have just sent for a bill which I intend to move
as an amendment. I will move it before we get
through with this bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was on page 3, line fifty-eight, to strike
out" §32,509," and insert " $35,004," so that the
clause wrfl read:
For clerks to committees, pages, police, horses, and car-
ryalls, $35,004 50.
This relates to the contingent expenses of the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to add, on page 3, line fifty-nine, after
