1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
F;i' rxwi-uli. Fenton, Foster, Garnett, Giddim™, Gilrnan,
Gihu'-r, Goorh, Goodwjn, Grander, Grow, Robeit D. Hall,
Harlan, flu,kin, Hifkman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kehn,
K<'lKH-oy, Kili'orf. Knapp, Leach, Loiter. Lov 'jov,
ftluy'iurri. Moriran.Mornll,Edward JoyMoirie. Freeman II.
Sherman. Jud-ou W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,"
Stewart, Trippari; Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins.
, William
- , , , ....... . Tnppe,
Cndorwood, Vance, Wade, Walbndqe, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwaladcr (J. Washburn. Elihu B. Washburne, Israel
W.i-h!)urn,Wilson, Wuuil, Woodson. and Zolhcotler—106.
\VS —MVs^rs. All J, Arnold, Atkins-. Avotv, Ih-diop,
Bocork, Bowie, Boy^e, Branch, Burnett, Buins, Cava-
jiati'-'h, Chapman. John B. Clatk, Cobb, John Cochiane,
Cock<*til 1, Coining, Cox, C" iwrotd, Curry, Davu, ot ?>Iis-
si^ippi, Dewart, Dnrirruek. Dowdell, Ednmndson. Enqh i'i.
Faulkner, Foley, Garti oil. C iihs,Goodf\ Green wood. Gre<r<*.
Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall. Hatch. 'Hawkins,Ilopkm^
Houston, liueheb, Iluyter, Jackson. Jenkins.Jewett.Geojge
W. Jone:>« Owen Joao, K>liy, Lamar, Laody, Lawrence,
Lr-i-ly, Lftchf-r. Mjfiav, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall,
Pil.i-on, Mile?-. ISIiller, Mont2onj 'rv., Moore, Nsblack. P<n-
dhitoti, Pc-vtori, John S Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reasan,
IteiHv, ilulini. Uuar-eli, Scales, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw,
Samuel A. Smith, Stallwoith,Stephens, Stevenson. James
A. Stewart, Talbot, Mslc* Taylor, Vallandizham, Warren,
Watkm-. White, Whitney, Wins-low, Augustus R. Wright,
and John V. Wright—DO.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off
on this case with Mr. Hill, of Georgia.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that he had paired off
upon this case with Mr. Kunkel, of Maryland;
otherwise he should have voted m the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, stated that, upon
all questions connected with this case, he had
paired off with Mr. Ku\tkel, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. OASKiE would have voted in the negative
had he been withm the bar when his name was
called.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion tore-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ECJSTIS moved to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram. Anderson, Andrews,
Bennett, Billinchurst. Bingham,Blair. Bliss. Biayton, But-
fington, i3urli«isi*airie, C,umbers, Ca^e, Chaffee. Ezia Clark,
Horace F. CkkiK, Clawson. Clark fJ. Cochrane, CoJtax,
Coirnrv*, Covode. Crngm, CurtH, Davis oi Maiyl.md, Davis
of Massachusetts Dawes, Dean,Dick, Dodd, Durtee, Edie,
Eusus, Fain&woiill. Fenton, Fostei, Garnett. GiddiJiffs', Gil-
mer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall ^Har-
lan, fl^km,- Mickman, Jloard, Houon, Howard, Keim,
Koitt. Kellogg, Kels^v, lulffoie, Knapp. Lcach. Letter,
Lovejov, Mayimrd. Allies, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Moi rw. Freeman II. IVlor^e-Ohvei A. Morse. Mort, Muiray,
Olm, Palmer. Parker, Pettit, Pike. Potter, Pottle, Ptirvi-
ance, Ready,' Ricaud, Ritelnc, Robhins, Robcit?-, Royce,
Seward. J«.hn Sherman, Judson W. Sherman. Spmner,
Stanton', William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer. Thompson,
Tompkins, Tnppe, Undeiv ood, Vance, Wade, Walhudge,
WaliLon, Walton. Cadwaladcr C. Y> as-nburn, Eililm B.
Wa-hbuinc. Isiael Wa-hburn, Wilson. Wood, Wood-son,
and Zollicoffci—106.
NAY S—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold, Alkms, Aveiy, Bai ksdalc,
IVhop, Bocock, Bowlo, Bo>ce, Biaueh, l.iiiiieu, Dmns,
r.u'au.itigh. Chapman, John B. Ciatk, Clay, Cobb, John
Cod "  " UmfrvTi f'tfinro ('ifMv..
lord.
Greenwood, Giegu, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch.
Ifawkin®, Hopkins. Houston, Hughes, Huyler. Jack-on,
Jenkins, JeweU, George W. Jones. Owen Jonc^, Kelly,
l^amar, Landy, Lawicnee. Leidv, Letcher. Maclav, Mc-
(iueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason. Millei. Millson, Mont-
iiomery, Moore, I<aac N. Morn^, Niblack, Pendleton,
Ptyion, John g. Phelps, Phillips Powell, Reaean, Reilly.
Ruffin. Russell, Sandulge, Savase. Scales, Seanna. Aaron
Shaw, llenry M. Shaw, Shorter, Samuel A. Smiih. Scall-
uoilh, Steplijns, Steven>on, J<ime-> A. Stewart, Talbot,
Ta>loi, Valtandigham, Wauen. Watkms, VVh.'te,
Whuol.n, Wm.-low, Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wright,
and John V. Wrisiht—97,
.So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
J'endins' (ho call,
Mr. 1HVIS, <>f Indiana, stated that he had
jvwt-'x! ofT uf^un this question with Mr. McKib-
j;i\ ■ otherwise he would have \ oted in (he nega-
tive.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, stated that he had
paired fill with Air 1M \.ttsn\ll, of Iventueky.
Mr. KNAPP Minted that Mr. Damhei.i was de-
tamed liimi the House bv sickness.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. I fit.!..
Mr. EUS'J'IS moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and alno moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was atrrecd to.
CODIFICATION OF THE REVEHUE LAWS.
Mr. PHELPS,of Missouri,obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man give way for a moment ?
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York; for I believe the propo-
sition he desires to make is one to facilitate the
business of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. House bill No.
487, commonly known as the bill for the codifi-
cation of the revenue laws, was made a special
order, by a vote of the House, for last Wednes-
day, and from day to day until disposed of. Dur-
ing the recess certain suggestions and alterations
have been made and approved by the authorities
of the Government and others, which I have not
yet been able to submit to the Committee on Com-
merce for their approval. There are gentlemen
in the House who wish a few days or weeks m
which to look over some of the provisions of the
bill as reported; and I have consented to give
them the tune. Under these circumstances, I pro-
pose that the special order—which is now in order
—be postponed until the first Wednesday of Jan-
uary next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not clearly hear the
gentleman from New York. 1 desire to know of
him whether he proposes that the bill shall be
reprinted ' I understand that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his report, lias suggested some
material modifications of the bill as it is now be-
fore the House. I wish to know whether the
gentleman from New York, the chairman of the
Committee 011 Commerce, intends to embody
those suggestions in the bill, and then bring it to
tile House and have it printed; or whether they
intend to bring up those suggestions by way of
amendments, and keep the bill in its present posi-
tion ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In answer to the
suggestions and inquiries of the gentleman from
Alabama, I miy say that the recommendations of
the Secretary of the Treasury are not the amend-
ments to which I refer; they will probably he
presented to the House in the shape of a sep-
arate bill: Should a different course, however,
be taken, and these recommendations be ingrafted
on the bill, they will, undoubtedly, be printed m
connection with the present bill. Whatever course
shall be taken therefore, will be presented for
the consideration of the House first by the printed
documents. My resolution for a postponement
is based on considerations of minor importance,
which will not materially change the present as-
pect of the bill. I merely ask'the postponement
for the convenience of various members, and for
the convenience of the Committee on Commerce,
who have not yet had time to look into the ptop-
osition as it stands. 1 trust there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not oppose the post-
ponement sought by the gentleman from New
York. My object was to know from him if he
intended to ask the House to reprint the bill so
as to embody all the recommendations which the
committee intend to adopt: for, if the bill is to
be reprinted, I desire the committee to take such
course with it as to make a distinction between
that portion of the bill which simply reenacts ex-
isting laws, and that portion which is introduced !
as newmatter. The bill as now befoie the House
does, to some extent, draw that distinction. I am
not. advised, however, that it does so to the full
extent. If it does, then everything that I desire
to have accomplished on the subject of printing's
accomplished. The revenue laws embrace such
a verv lariro code, such a great number of statutes,
that It is impossible ft!r one who has not labored
Ions; and assiduously to know what the existing
laws are, and what the amendments proposed are.
I understand that this bill reeiViets many of the
provisions of laws that are in existence, and makes
many changes. My puipose is to have these
things made as appaieat to the House as can be
done.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. A3 I understand
the proposition of the gentlemen! from New ^ ork,
it is merely to postpone the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have no objection to the
postponement.
1 There heinir no objection, the farther consider-
! ation of the bill was postponed till the first Wed-
1 tusdav in January next.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask leave to
introduce for reference a bill, of which previous
notice has been given, to authorizejtnd facilitate
the construction of a northern, a southern, and a
central Pacific railroad, and for other purposes.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
OLD SOLDIERS' PENSION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to submit
amotion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I desire to proceed in
committee with the consideration of the Presi-
dent's annual message. I am aware, however,
that there is a special order now pending, which
takes precedence of the message; and unless that
special order be postponed we must proceed with
its consideration. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to. . •
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole oil
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 259) granting pensions to the soldiers of
the war with Great Britain of 1812, and those en-
gaged in Indian wars during that period.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to submit a motion to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the pension bill, for the pur-
pose of taking up the President's annual message.
I would suggest its postponement till Tuesday
next.
Mr. SAVAGE. As I understand this matter,
it will take but a very short time to dispose of the
bill now before the committee. I yielded, time
and again, last session, for the purpose of accom-
modating members, and facilitating the business
of the House; and if I thought that it interfered
now with any material business of the House, I
would yield again. I do not understand, how-
ever, that any delay will be produced by taking
up the bill to-day. inasmuch as debate has been
closed upon it. The bill is fully understood by
the House, has been discussed before the coun-
try, and is a bill for action on which the country
looks to Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I have never seen it yet declared
competent for the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to postpone a bill to any
particular day. That must be done in the House.
If the committee pass over this bill now, it must
go to the Calendar, where it was before, and take
its place. I do not think that discussion is now
ill order, because the committee lias no power to
put this bill off to a particular day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
point of order uused by the gentleman from Ten-
net^ee is well taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to under-
stand the position of this bill before the commit-
tee. I understand my colleague to say that the
debate has been closed in one hour. My recol-
lection is, that the bill has never been up in com-
mittee since it was made the special order, at the
close of the last session, for the second Tuesday
m December.
Mr. SAVAGE. The question I submit to the
Chair is, whether the subsequent order of the
House making this bill a special order annuls the
previous order of the last session closing debate?
I should be glad to find it so; and if m the. opinion
of the committee the bill is still open to debate, I
should be wiilmg to have sufficient time allowed
to enable gentlemen who desire to discussfthis
question to prepare themselves to do so; I shall
be wiilmg that a motion shall he made that the
committee rise for the purpose of letting the friends
of the bill get ready to discuss it, because I know
there are gentlemen upon the floor who would ad-
dress ihe House upon this subject, but arc per-
haps not prepared to do it this morning under the
impression that the rule of the last session would
preclude them from debating the question,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
say that I do not understand that the resolution
adonted by the House before the bill was made
a special order, affects it now, and closes the de-
bate in one hour. Sir, you may talk about all
your questions of foreign policy, your difficulties
in the'Gulf. the state of the finances, the public
priming, and the borrowing of money, but, in
