1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
The VJCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana suggests that, by common consent, the
yeas and nays be taken on the pendirfg amend-
ment before the Chair calis up the unfinished bus-
iness of yesterday.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas -33, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bigier, Bright, Broderick,
Brown, Chesnut, Clmgruan, Collainer, Crittenden, Davis,
Doolutie, Fiich, Fitzpauick, Green, Gwm, Hale, Houston^
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy,
IVIaiJory, Mason. Pcaree. Reid, Simmons, Slidell, Stuart,
Thompson of New Jersey, Waid, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs Bates, Bell. Chandler, Clay, Dixon,
Douglas, Durkee, F«>ot, Foster, Hamlin. Harlan, Johnson
of Tennessee, Polk, Fugh, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson
. —17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President 
Mr. BELL. I wish, before the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Louisiana makes the motion for which
lie has, no doubt, risen, to state that I have mod-
ified the resolution I offered yesterday in such a
manner as to lead to no objection from the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia,
Mr. HUNTER. The appropriation bill is up,
and 1 mean to take (he sense of the Senate as to
whether it is superseded at one o'clock. I hope
the Senator from Tennessee will -wait until we
decide whether the appropriation bill goes on,
Mr. BELL, i have no objection to that.
Mr. HUNTER. It is important to settle this
question, and for that reason I wish to take the
sense of the Senate by way of appeal. My mo-
tion was to postpone all prior orders, one of
which was this special order, for the purpose of
going on with the appropriation bill through the
day, and I maintain that when the Senate agreed
to that, they postponed it for the day, unless they
■choose by another majority vote to postpone this
bill. It is competent for them to postpone this
bill, and to take up something else by a majority;
but until they do so, it seems to me, the appro-
priation bill is still pending, because the motion
to postpone all prior orders included this special
order. On that I should dike to haye the sense of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
prefer, as he desires himself to have the sense of
the Senate, that the Senator would let it take the
form of a submission of tke question from the
Chair to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I prefer that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question to the Senate. It is a matter
of some consequence for the convenience of busi-
ness. The Senator from Virginia this morning
moved to postpone the prior orders to take up
this appropriation bill. That motion was made
a. little after twelve o'clock. It prevailed; and the
Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Hut there
%vas a special order of the Senate set for one
o'clock. It was rather the opinion of the Chair
that the special order was not included in the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, because it was
not then before the Senate. There was nothing
for the Senate to act on in postponing it. It did
Hot stand in the way of the motion of the Sen-
ator .o take up the appropriation bill. Accord-
ingly the Chair recognized the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia. The regular Calendar, the
puor orders of business, were postponed,and this
bill was taken up. It might have been finished
before the hour arrived which the Senate had set
for the consideration of the special order. When
the hour of one arrived, the Chair calied up the
special order- The question is, whether it is the
sense of the Senate that the appropriation bill
continues before the Senate to the exclusion of
that special order, or whether the Chair ought to
call it up, and it ought to be postponed by a vote
of the Senate, if they desire to continue the ap-
propriation bill? Upon that question the Chair
will take the sense of the Senate, deeming it im-
portant to have the order of business fixed, and
being:, of course, indifferent as to the manner in
which th? Senate may choose to decide it.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as I intend to vote
contrary to"the intimation of the Chair, i beg
leave to state, in a very few words, why I do so.
The Senate, by its rules, has authority to make,
and has made, several special orders. Some seven,
f think, arc pending, which would come up in
their order at one o'clock. That in relation to
Captain Paulding is fust in order, which, by the
rules of the Senate, it would be the duty of the
Chair to call at one o'clock. Another rule of the
Senate makes the unfinished business of yester-
day take priority among the special orders at one
o'clock. Now, sir, I hold thatall these are prior
orders, because they are orders which have been
made by the rules prior to the motion. They may
not come up regularly for an hour afterwards, or
for two hours afterwards; but they are orders
made prior to this motion; and the motionof the
Senator from Virginia is to postpone all prior
orders and tajce up this bill, which the Senate has
decided to do.
Now, sir, in answer to the suggestion of the
Chair, that possibly this appropriation bill might
be completed before the hour of one o'clock ar-
rives, I think it will be seen that that does not alter
the case. The motion postpones them for this
bill; and whenever this bill is ended, they return
to their place. Therefore, if the bill was ended
before one o'clock, it would be the duty of the
Cha^r to call up the special orders in their order,
and the unfinished business of yesterday would be
the first That was made the special order yester-
day by the adjournment while it was pending; the
others were made special orders at the dates at
which they were so made. They are all prior or-
ders. The parliamentary effect of the motion is
to affect that business which had priority by the
previous action of the Senate, whether'they would
come up then, or come up half an hour or an hour
afterwards.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I generally defer to the
opinions of the Senator from Michigan on ques-
tions of order; but from the slight reflection I
have been able to bestow on the subject during
the few moments it has been before the Senate, I
must differ with him about his construction of the
rules. You know, sir, that, under the rules,pe-
titions are first in order, and reports come next.
It has been repeatedly held that it is in order to
move to suspend the call for petitions or reports,
j and fco proceed, in what wc call the morning hour,
| to the consideration of any particular bill. The
j reception of petitions and reports is equivalent to
j what may be called, under the rules, a special
j order; and yet it has been always held that when
1 the hour fixed for any other special order arrives,
] it must eome up, unless the Senate oth^vise de-
i termine. We often make a special order to pro-
ceed to the consideration of a particular bill at
half past twelve o'clock; wc have an order to pro-
ceed to the consideration of another bill at one
o'clock; and it has been uniformly held that the
Jatter is the bill ire order at one o'clock.
Now, if I understand the motion of the Senator
from Virginia, it was to postpone all business
then befotc the Senate, and proceed to the con-
sideration of the appropriation bill. Well, sir,
when we proceed to the consideration of that bill,
and the hourof one o'clock arrives, the bill which
is the special order for that hour is in order,and
cannot be reached before then. I think the de-
cision of the Chair is correct, and I shall vote to
sustain it, although I differ with a gentleman who
{ know is very conversant with the rules of oider.
I think it would involve an absurdity to say that
the -Senate could take up and dispose of a bill
when the bill was not before the Senate. You
do not reach the special order before ore o'clock,
-could you, except by common consent. A
bill, to he disposed of by the Senate, must be be-
fore the Senate to be acted on; and you cannot
reach this special order under the rule until the
hour of one o'clock. I think the decision of the
Chair is strictly in conformity with the rules as
well as the practice of the Senate, and I shall vote
to sustain it with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope we shall not get
into a discussion on the question of order. ^ I
should think that the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, who, I know, desires economy of time
on this subject, had better make his motion to
postpone this special order, (for that is the ques'
tion at last,) in order to go on with the appropri-
ation bill. To that question it must come at last,
and let us come to it at first. Of all interminable
questions, a question of order is the worst. I
think, sir, that your intimation as to the rule is
perfectly correct, and I shall be obliged to vote to
sustain it.
Mr. HUNTER. I accept the suggestion. I
will waive the question of order, reserving to my-
self, however, to take the sense of the Senate on
it at some other time'; but I move now to postpone
the prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding
with the appropriation bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to make but very few
remarks on this subject. I gave notice yesterday,
after consultation with many friends of the bill
for the acquisition of Cuba, that I should press,
to-day, the consideration of that bill to the term-
ination of the debate; and I believe that if, in ac-
cordance with that suggestion, that bill be now
taken up, the debate will be closed to-night. If
that course be notpursued, it is quite evident that
no vote can be obtained upon that measure dur-
ing this session of Congress. That is the avowed
design of many gentlemen on the other side ef the
House. I am afraid that there is, perhaps, a dis-
position on the part of some of those who theo-
retically are in favor of the bill, to give it the
go-by. My desire is that there shall be a direct
vote upon it, and I shall consider the evasion of a
vote—and I use that term in no offensive sense
at all—as exhibiting a disposition to escape a vote
on that hi.ll. To my mind, it will be a pretty
sufficient evidence that all on this side of the
Chamber, at least, arc not hearty advocates of
the bill.
Now, I will make another remark. If there
were any discipline on this side of the House,
there might be some hope of arriving at an ulti-
mate vote on this bill; but at five orsix o'clock in
the afternoon, the regulars are always in their
seats on the other side; but we have a sort of
guerilla party here—militia; they disband as the
hour of dinner approaches. The gentlemen on
the other side, at any rate, have the merit of being
well disciplined; they are the best sitters that
were ever seen. They are always in their seats—
sedent azternumque sedebunt. You will always find
them here. On this side of the Chamber—I do
not say this in any spirit of reproach; I say it
more in sorrow than in anger—wc cannot count
on the attendance of our members. I am willing
to try it to-night. I hope it will be tried to-night;
and if wc should not fail in securing the attend-
ance of a sufficient number of gentlemen who are
friends of the bill, on this side of the House, I
shall be prepared to press the debate to a con-
clusion.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I wish simply to say, not
in any unkind spirit or any spirit of bravado, that
the wish of the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana to carry the Cuba bill through to-night can-
not be gratified, for the simple reason that there
are more gentlemen on this side of the House
who are prepared and desire to address the Sen-
ate upon this subject than can possibly be heard
in the time which the Senator is willing to allow.
Consequently, it must follow, it arises from the
necessity of the case, that the Senate must choose
between taking up that bill and devoting time to
it, and failing, as I think you will fail, in the at-
tempt to finish it within the time specified, and
taking up the appropriation bills, which must be
attended to. Everybody conversant with business
here at all—even for the short period I have been
here—must know, that if the Senate begin to-day
and devote all the time that is left and that can
!«e devoted to the consideration of the appropria-
tion bills necessary to carry on the Government,
it will take all the remaining period of this ses-
sion; and the Senate will judge whether the ne-
cessity of the other bill is so pressing with the
prospect it has at present. It is not for me to say
and not for me to utter anything that would be ♦
considered in any way disrespectful. The re-
sponsibility of the whole matter with reference
to an extra session of Congress and with refer-
ence to passing the necessary bills for the sup-
port of the Government, which on this side we
are prepared to do, if the Senate choose to go on
with that, and prepare to aid in, is with the ma-
jority, and they must decide themselves as to
what is expedient and proper.
• Mr. PUG-H. I wish to say that the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Mallory] had the floor last
evening, and desired to finish his speech. It was
at the earnest interposition of Senators, I think,
twice or thrice, that he yielded the floor for an
adjournment, on the understanding that he was
to proceed to-day. I think wc owe it to the Sen-
ator, at least, to allow him to conclude his speech
on that subject before we go any further, because
he would have finished his speech last evening,
but for that.
