1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays. >
The yeas and nays were ordered. |
Mr. REID. I should like to know from the i
Senator from Louisiana whether he desires to try j
to get a vote on the Cuba question daring to-night? |
I think we ought to take up the appropriation
bills, and other important business that is indis-
pensably necessary. X will vote to take up this
question in preference to the appropriation bill, j
if we can dispose of it to-day. My vote will de- j
£end upon the answer which the Senator from ■
jOuisiana gives me. _ ;
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator asks a question ! j
which it is impossible for me to answer with any !
degree of certainty. Whether we can get a vote f
to-night or not, will depend upon the number of
gentlemen who are to speak on the other side;
but we certainly can sit, if we are^ so disposed, J
until they have finished the discussion. I believe
there are but one or two Senatois on this side of
the Chamber who will occupy any further time ;
in the discussion. So far as 1 am^concerned, al-
though by usage I have the right to close the de-
bate, if there bo any economy m time to be gained
by it, I shall certainly waive that privilege. I .
take it for granted, that the friends of the bill ,
will not be disposed to pursue the discussion in a
way that would lead to its ultimate defeat. I think
that, if we insist on sitting here, we can bring the
debate to a close before we adjourn, whether it
be to-night or to-morrow morning.
Mr. CLARK. I could not understand all that ,
fell from the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
because I could not hear him. I did not under-
stand him tosay distinctly whether they intended
to press for a vote on the Cuba bill to-night.
Mr. SLIDELL. I did say so, very distinctly.
I intended so to say, at least.
Mr. CLARK. 1 am very glad to know it, be- t
cause we shall get ready for a night session. j
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 23; as follows: :
YEAS-Messrs. Allen. Rates, Bigloi, Rrodeneli, CImihI-
lci, Chilli, Clay. Collamer, (.'littemlen, Ilivon, lJoohtllc,
Durkee, Fcssoiid'en, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, llailan,
Ilimter, iveison, Johnson of Tennessee, Kin;;, Lane, Ma-
son, ivice, Jsewurd, tsnnmons, iSinilh, i^tu.ul, Tiunibull,
Wade, and Wilson—311. I
NAYS—Messrs, Bell, Henjamin, Brisht, Itiown, I'lies-
Tiut, (Jhngman, Davis, i)ow;las, Fitch, Fitxpatnek, Green,
(rwin, liousinn, Johnson ol AiK.m-as, Jones, Mallot v. Polk,
I'ugh, lteid, iiehastain, Seidell, Waul, and Yulee—At.
So the unfinished business of yesterday was
postponed; and the Senate, as in Committee of >
the Whole, resumed the consideration of the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, to insert 111 page 2G, line six hundred
and twenty-three, after the woid " adjusters,"
the words "one hundred and," so as to appro- ,
pnate for the branch mint at San Francisco:
For wages ot' workmen and adjnsteis, y 1 G.k.t'K'.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by putting
in " fifty," instead of" one hundred." ,
Mr. CLAY. The Senator then would reducc
it below what the House ot Representatives have
fixed it at. They make it, " for wages of woik-
men and adjusteis, ^Go,'193."
Mr. WILSON. 1 understand this proposed
amendment makes it $163,493. The Finance
Committee propose to add $11)0,000. 1 propose to
amend the amendment so as to add only $30,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iveiison.)
The question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment to strike out "one hundred," and insert
"fifty," so that it will read:
For wag'1,-, ol woikincn anil adjuster-,, lo, tUd.
Mr. HUNTER, i have already explained the
purpose the committee had in restoring the esti-
mate. It will be for the Senate to say whether
they will restoie it. .
Mr. GWIN. I have only to say that this is
the exact amount of the estimate of the Depart-
ment. The case is precisely like the one that
was voted on before.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee wasagieed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, on pageSJG. line six hundred and thir-
ty-one, to strike out " twenty-two," and insert
" forty-five," so as to appropriate for the New
York assay office:
For wages of woikmen, $4.5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, on page 27, line six hundred and
thirty-six, to strike out "fifteen," and insert
" thirty-four," so as to appropriate for the branch
mint at New Orleans:
For wages of workmen, {$34,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, on
page 29, after line six hundred and ninety-five,
to insert:
To enable, the Secretary of the Interior to have taken a
census of the people of the Territory of Kansas, with a view
to its admission into the Union as a State, $20,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is utterly impossible for
anybody to keep the run of these things. I should
like to have an explanation of where this amend-
ment goes to.
Mr. HUNTER.
This is an estimate from the
Secretary of the Interior. He proposes to take
the census of Kansas. He thinks it expedient
and politic to do so. Under the English bill,
which was passed, whenever they have the (pp-
rescntative number, they are entitled to come in,
but not before; and with a view to do everything
that is fair and equal, he proposes to take this
census.
Mr. PUGH. Did I understand the Senator
from Rhode Island to object to that amendment?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not object to it, but I
want to know why it is proposed, so as to know
how to vote. 1 cannot tell from the mere reading
of these amendments. I am satisfied with the
explanation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I have some amendments to
come in appropriately at that point.
The PR.ESIDING OFFICER. The question
1 is first on the amendments of the committee.
| Mr. GREEN. According to original parlia-
! mentary law, I have a right to offer my amend-
ments now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The practice
; of the Senate is to go on with the amendment# of
the Committee on Finance first.
I Mr. GREEN. It is the practice of the Senate,
but contiary to parliamentary law.
! The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, at page 35, m line eight hundred and
forty-one^o Strike out the word "paper," and
1 insert " printing," so that the clause will read:
For deficiency in printing for first session of Thirty-Fifth
| Connies-. S\Ss,.'i70 13.
Mr. HUNTER. That is merely to correct a
verbal error.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, at
the end of the bill to add:
For deficiency m the appropriation for the, compensation
and mileage ot Senators during the present Congress,
#6dB3 «#.
Mr. HUNTER. That is made necessary by
the admission of a new State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add as a new section:
Sur. ■!. .'hid he it fuithcr enacted, That the aiuhorny
rfivon hv the sixth section of the act entitled " An act le-
lalun; to loiciunl ooms, and to the coinage of eenls at the
Mint of the United States," appioved February 21,18o7,to
payout at the Mint the cents authorized and directed by
saul act lo be coined, in exchange foi the fiactional part^
of ttie dotiar Iheieni named, at their nominal value of'
twenty-five, twelve and a hall, and six and a quarter cents,
lesp'-ctivelv, shall be, and the same hereby is, extended to
tn o J enroll out and after the 21st of Febiuary, 1839, and no
longer.
Mr. IIUNTEFi. There was a law passed pro-
viding that for two years the Mint should give
the new cents in exchange for the worn Spanish
com of the old denominations. The Government
makes something by the operation, and the Di-
rector of the Mint recommends that it shall be
extended for a further time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert as a new section:
. 3. v'in i7 be it furlha cnadc<]> That when refined gold
bullion shall ne drpo-ued in r ho United St.ue^ Mint, or any
i ot it< blanche, it -shall be the duty of the treasmer to make
' payments lor each bullion assoon a^> the value thereol shall
j have been a-eei tamed, and the coin made fioin the same ;
; but the tieaMiier shall not be required to pay the amount
intil it has been actually coined.
Mr. HUNTER. The other section ought to
be read with it, as part of the same amendment:
Sec. -4. be U further enacted. That the charge for
making coin from refined gold bullion shall be tlirjc eighths
of one per centum.
The objectofthis amendment is particularly de-
signed for the mint in California, which is prob-
ably too small for the operations to be required.
It is to encourage the refining of gold outside of
the Mint. It provides thatifthe holders of bullion
shall present coin properly refined outside, they
may get it coined at one eighth less than where the
whole operation has to be performed in the Mint.
This little advantage is given m order to encour-
age what Mr. Hamilton said when he recom-
mended the original scheme for the Mint ought
always to be done: that is to say, that the refin-
ing should take place outside of the Mint. It is
done in England and in Prance; and if this pro-
vision should encourage that practice, we shall
get rid of the necessity for enlarging the mint in
California; we shallgetrid of the most expensive
part of the operations and the most dangerous
part, for we incur most risks in refining the gold
dust and bullion inside of the Mint. It is done
for the purpose of giving the depositor his option
either to have it refined outside or inside, at his
pleasure. If he has it refined outside, it is coined
for a little less than if he has it refined inside. If
this should end, as we believe it will, in biinging
the practice of refining outside into general use,
the United States will avoid a great deal of risk;
: they will avoid the necessity for enlarging their
buildings, and will be enabled then to dispense
with the labor which it is proposed to cut oflf. If
this plan should succeed, we can cut off more
than the House cut oif in the labor that is em-
ployed in the Mint.
Mr. STUART. For the purpose of placing
this all in one amendment, as it ought to be, I
move to strike out of the amendment the words
" Section 4. And be it further enacted, "and insert
the word " and,"so as to make it all one section.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
t0The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SIMMOJNS. If I understood the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, the object of
this amendment is to prevent some expenditure
in the mint at San Francisco.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir. I stated that, if this
led to the adoption of refining outside of the Mint,
it would produce a great saving, because we
should get rid of the most expensive part of the
operations in the Mint, to w'lt, refining; and it
would save us the necessity, which may other-
wise be pressed on us, of adding to the building
at San Francisco, because it is not large enough
to refine and coin, too, all the gold that will prob-
ably be brought there, but is large enough to coin
all that will be brought if the refining is done out-
side.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think if the objcct is to
have its application at San Francisco, the amend-
ment should confine it to that place. Why should
it be necessary to impose this restriction on all
the other mints, if it is intended only to operate
at a particular mint where the gold is dug out ?
I have some doubt as to the propriety of interfer-
ing with that mint by this regulation.
M r. HUNTER. If it be the sense of the Sen-
ate, I am willing to confine it to that mint; but I
thought if there was benefit in the operation, we
might as well extend it to the Atlantic side also.
I think it will ultimately be an economical pro-
cess; but still, if ihey find it better there, the prac-
tice will extend itself east. I am willing to con-
fine it there.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to inquire further,
whether it is intended that those who deposit
bullion m the Mint shall be obliged to wait three
or four months before they can get the coin.
["No'."] That is what it says here. I under-
stood the whole policy of establishing these mints
was to facilitate the holders of dust and bullion,
or bars, in getting the money readily from the
mints. I recollect"last year that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance urged us to pass the
Treasury note bill, because some money was re-
quired for that purpose. Now, it sec!ms to mo
that here is a provision that nobody shall get pay
for the bullion until it is actually coined. I want
to get it right. I have voted for all these laborers,
because I think it important not to have this
money lying by for the want of persons to work
it up.
