124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Secretary of the Treasury, a high compliment,
and quotes from the Secretary's report to show
that the Treasury was empty, and that this was
not the time to pass that measure. Far be it
from me to accuse the gentleman of sinister mo-
tives in passing this high eulogy; but it does be-
come mc to examine my side of the question; and
before proceeding I will say that I have my fears
that neither the gentleman nor the li able Secre-
tary" would ever find a convenient season for the
passage of this bill. Sir, if the Treasury is empty,
Low come it so ? the gentleman did not inform us.
If hi> had referred to the letter of this same Sec-
retary, dated 10th of February last, from which
I have already quoted, he will find on page 10
thereof, these words and figures: 44 The balance
in the Treasury on the 30th day of June, 1857,
was $46,802,855," and we know that in addition
to the accruing revenues, this Congress has al-
ready authorized a loan of $40,000,000, and the
Treasury is still bankrupt. The overflowing mil-
lions of the last Congress have gone somewhere,
but—
" Tliou canst not say I did it," #
for the old soldier has not received a dollar of it.
It is asserted that our Government has ufeome
disgracefully extravagant; that our expenses have
increased out of all reason, and have run up to
nearly eighty millions; but how a logician can
impute this extravagance to a measure that never
had an existence, requires some transcendental
sagacity to discover. To recapitulate and brand
abuses without showing the cause of the wrongs
and the means for the remedy, is no part of
statesmanship. The many political maxims
quoted by gentlemen do not bear upon this bill;
but only prove the truth of that saying of the first
Napoleon, that, "If an empire of granite were sub-
mitted to the dogmas of political economists, they
would giind lttu powder." The real economist is
a practical man—making liberal, wise, and neces-
sary expenditures—not an eternal fault-finding,
"penny-wise and pound-foolish" objectionist.
I yield precedence to no man in my opposition to
unnecessary and extravagant appropriations; but
the friends of this bill urge its adoption upon the
ground that it will save the nation countless
millions, by avoiding the otherwise unavoidable
necessity of a large standing army in time of
peace. The gentleman [Mr. Curry] will find this
view of the question wholly unanswered in the
speech of his "illustrious predecessor," Mr.
Davis; nor can he now, or any other gentleman,
in my opinion, answer it successfully.
Among the opponents of this bill are a certain
class of gentlemen upon this floor, who pride
themselves upon being called the watch-dogs of
the Treasury. Whether or not they deserve the
honors they seem ambitious of wearing, I will
leave posterity to determine. One thing I do
know, that their efforts are always powerless, ex-
cept against the humble and the poor.
When the Galphins and the Gardinns, the
land grants, the ocean mail steamers, and all-such
princely schemes of public plunder, enter your
Halls, if they do not crouch or stand aside for
safety, their barking is no more in the pathway
of these giants than the breath of a child upon
the billows of the ocean. 1 am willing they shall
he the high priests at the altar of economy; they
may preach then-sermons,and pharisaically thank
God that they are not as other men; but I am
not willing that the rights and hopes of the old
soldier, and the policy of a great nation, shall be
a victim to their political notions.
Gentlemen say we have no money, and it is
therefore the wrong time to pass this bill. 1 say,
if their allegation be true, that it is the wrong time
for the Treasury to be empty. I brought forward
this measure ut the last Congress, when the Treas-
ury was full to overflowing. The eyes of this
nation were turned upon it. A universal argu-
ment was made that so much money ought not to
be withheld from general circulation. Almost a
thousand schemes were discussed or proposed for
its distribution. Some of them furred themselves
upon the records of this House. A bill to mvc&t
£8,000,000 in railroad stocks was voted for by
some very distinguished opponents of pensions.
A bill also passed this House, by *i vote of 119 to
79, distributing the surplus between the different
Stares; and the old idea of bank deposifs was not
without its advocates.
Sir, these were the most prominent of the rival
schemes for the distribution of the vast accumu-
lation. I opposed them all as being unwise, par-
tial, and unjust to the great mass of the nation.
This money was the property of the whole peo-
ple, and belonged to every man alike—to the poor
and the humble, as much as to the rich and the
proud; and I was unwilling to sanction any plan
for its distribution that did not extend its inci-
dental benefits, as far as possible, to every citizen
of the Union. To deposit it with the banks was
to give it to the merchants, speculators, politi-
cians, and wealthy men about your cities, whose
character and influence would secure accommo-
dations. The mechanics, agriculturists, and peo-
ple of the interior, would not get a dollar. To
invest it in railroad stocks was a scheme for the
benefitof the Shylocks and capitalists of the Union
by giving them gold from the Treasury at a very
high figure for railroad bonds, which they had
purchased much lower. It would have realized
to those bondholders great fortunes, while the
nation at large would have been in no degree ben-
efited. I was unwilling to distribute it to the
States, because I believed it would induce unwise
and extravagant legislation for the benefit of
the few without regard to the rights of the many.
I was unwilling for this greatfund to be scattered
abroad, unless, like the dews of heaven, it should
fall with its refreshing power upon every citizen
of the Union, whether rich or poor, humble or
distinguished, living in a great city or the remote
country. I expected by this bill to accomplish
three things:
1. To reward the old soldier for the patriotism
he has displayed and the injuries sustained m
your service.
2. By the honor conferred upon old age, to en-
courage an emulous spirit in the bosoms of our
youth that will forever furnish citizen soldiers to
meet the exigencies of war, and thus avoid that
most to be dreaded of all necessities, a standing
army.
3. A distribution and expenditure of the public
revenue which will, to a greater extent than any
other plan, confer its incidental benefits upon all
sections and all classes.
I have neither time nor space to examine our
vast expenditures; but to illustrate this view of
the argument, I will state a few prominent items
as a general standard.
I know that it is very difficult for the Govern-
ment, in making expenditures, to confer equal ben-
efits upon all sections and upon all classes; but I
hold that it is a duty to approximate as near
thereto as possible, and never, without some great
necessity, to adopt measures or make expendi-
tures which confer benefits upon one section or
one class to the exclusion of others. It requires
no argument to prove that if all the revenue is col-
lected in one class of States and spent in another, or
from one class of men and paid to another, that
the latter will become rich and the former poor;
and hence it follows that almost as much par-
tiality and injustice may exist in disbuismg as in
collecting the public revenue. It appears from Sec-
retary Cobb's report, from which 1 have already
quoted, that the total amount appropriated by
the Government since 1789, is $1,975,935,176 97,
which cqnsists of the following items:
Civil list $110,081,454 81
Foreign infcrcoutse, including awards  8-2.So.3.6o4 31
Ah-ccllaiieou*   ]95>>-2l',713 17
MiUtaiy Muvice  50:V>33.048 33
lte\nlmiou«iry and othei-pensions  77,372,941 54
Indian dcp.uiment, including Chickasaw
fund  79,434.170 16
N.tval eptabliMiment  320.835,794 16
Appiepilations, exclusive of public debt...1,378103-2.770 51
Puhhe debt  5971902.-100 4G
Total 1,975,9351176 S7
Amount earned to surplus fund  41.026,Uo6 26
Now, it is seen that nearly half of the whole
amount collected for all purposes has been spent
upon our little Army and Navy, and that our
pensioners have received less than we have paid
the Indians.
It appeais from this same report that our expend-
itures for the year ending June, 1857, amounted
to $71,274,537 83, and it is well-grounded opin-
ion, that for the last year they amounted to over
eighty millions. The estimates for. the present
year amount to $74,065,896 99. These vast sums
are collected from a!l sections, and every citizen,
and a partial expenditure inflicts the greatest injus-
tice. The large items for sustaining the Army
and Navy are expended upon the borders and
along the sea-board, and in thegreat cities. The
interior agricultuial people are refreshed by this
goldenshower to a very slight extent. And so far
as lean see, it is a misfortune without a remedy;
but it is not so with some other items that I will
mention.
Congress has heretofore appropriated the sum
of $21,815,103 67, for roads, rivers,and harbors;
which expenditures are local and partial in every
respect—a mere draft upon the Treasury for'the
benefit of some particular city or community; and
I am well informed that some gentlemen, quite
prominent in this system of public plunder, have
distinguished themselves as opponents of this
bill. Congress has also expended much treasure
m fortifying our great cities and sea-port towns.
Since the year 1832, the sum of $24,584,375 has
been voted for this purpose; and of this sum,the
last Congress voted §5,684,375. To fortify our
cities, may have been wise at the time this sys-
tem was commenced; for then the nation was
weak, and the communication with the interior
slow. Now, railroads extend to every section,
and the iron horse far outstrips in speed the ships
upon the ocean. I hold that fortifications are, at
best, a very poor substitute for the want of men.
History proves them to have been more com-
monly the instruments of domestic tyranny than
of national defense. The boasted San Juan de
IJIloa, and Perote, of Mexico, have often been
the prisons of her own citizens, but were as
nothing in the pathway of our invasion.
Now, sir, instead of annually pouring out these
large sums in our cities, in building fortifications
that may never be assaulted, I propose to aban-
don the system and distribute the money to every
section of the country, to assist in bringing up
gallant men, who shall be ready and willing, when
the haughty foe shall threaten, to fly wi#h railroad
speed, and stand around the beleaguered city, a
wall of living vaior, more to be relied on and
more honorable than cold stones, though piled
upon each other as high as the tower of Babel.
The old soldier is found everywhere; but, per-
haps, most often in the interior agricultural re-
gions, where public expenditures, as now made,
never reach. Perhaps the very community that
taught him to toil, and sent him to fight your bat-
tles in the strength of his youth, ieceived him
back again with health impaired or ruined habits.
The Government, when it took this man from
toil, injured his friends and neighbors; and now 1
propose to pay the debt by giving him ninety-six
dollars per annum; and this is a gift, also, to a
great extent, to that community wherein the sol-
dier lives, for he must spend it to educate his chil-
dren, for bread to eat, to pay the merchant, the
doctor, and mechanic. The money, unlike the
vast sums poured out upon your great cities for
your Army and Navy, your printing, fortifica-
tions, or the collection of the publicrevenue,\yould
be principally given to the interior agricultural re-
gions, and become a great educational and agri-
cultural fund to aid and strengthen these men of
humble fortune who are the real strength and glory
of every land; for it is they who fill your work-
shops, cultivate your fields, raise and educate the
children who fight your battles, and sustain the
freedom of your Government at the ballot-box.
Tins system is not, only great in its accomplish-
ments, but equal to all men in its benefits.
The Secretary of the Treasury was lauded in
the public press some few months after the in-
auguration, because it was said that the gentleman,
for the purpose of aiding the mercantile world to
mept the pressure of hard times, had paid oft'
quite a large portion of the public debt, when the
same had many years yet to run. It appears, from
the Secretary's financial report, that he paid the
sum of $68§,977 78 by way of premium upon
these debts. This operation was for the benefit of
the merchants, bankers, and brokers; and, in my
opinion, was equal to one fourth the annual cost
of this bill. With such facts before them, the
friends of the Secretary ought not to talk of the
extravagance of this bill.
it may be safely said that the Army and Navy
annually cost fifteen times as much as the pen-
sions under this bill.
1 exhibited to this House, at the last session,
calculations of Professor Tucker and Mr. De
