1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator from [
Rhode Island, that the practice now is in Califor- J
nia to deposit in the mint unassayed gold. Then i
it has to be assayed, which takes time; then it has j
to be refined, which takes time; and then it is j
coined. If it were presented as refined gold all
they have to do would be to put in it ten per cent,
of alloy, and coin it instantly. Now, it takes fif-
teen or twenty days when they putin the gold dust;
but by this process they could get it out in one
or two days. It shortens the time greatly. At
present they put in the gold dust, and it has to be
assayed and refined, and then coined; but if the
assaying and refining were done before it is put
in the Mint, the coining would be done rapidly.
The reason for such a provision now is more im-
perative, because we heretofore had a bullion fund;
but the exhausted state of the Treasury has taken
our bullion fund away from all the mints, and
hence they cannot pay for assayed bullion imme-
diately when it is deposited, as was the case two
or three years ago, when there was a surplus in
the Treasury, and this money was not. needed.
In order that the bullion fund that is necessary
to be kept, if there is any refining done in the
mints, should not be exhausted by these deposits
of refined gold, a proviso has been inserted by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, an
over-precaution, as I think, that the coin shall be
paid out of the refined gold deposited. I do not
think that it is necessary; but the chairman of the
Committee on Finance has inserted it, in order to
reserve the bullion fund which is necessary to pay
for the deposits of gold dust, if persons choose to
refine in the Mint as under the present law. I
think it is an unnecessary precaution; but, at all
events, this is a vast saving of time; for when the
refined gold is placed m the Mult, they have noth-
ing to do but put it in the alloy and coin it at once.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not object to that. I am
willing that the Senator from California and the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, should
agree about the mint in California. It is a large
one, and it may take some time. But I do not see
the propriety of this provision. I understand the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is willing
to agree to an amendment that it shall apply to
California, and with that I shall be satisfied.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that
—say, " shall be deposited in the branch mint of
the United States, at San Francisco."
Mr. SIMMONS. Make that amendment and
I shall not object.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair hears
no objection to that amendment being made, and
it will be so modified. The question recurs on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. SIMMONS. It now reads, "but the
treasurer shall not be required to pay the amount
until it has been actually coined." Why not in-
sert the words" refined or" before " coined ?" If
it is refined we ought to pay for it.
Mr. HUNTER. That would involve the ne-
cessity for a large bullion fund.
Mr. SIMMONS. Not very large, if it can be
done, as the Senator from California says, m one
or two days.
Mr. GWIN. In two or three days they can
coin refined gold if it is not deposited in great
quantities.
Mr. SIMMONS. It never can be in great quan-
tities daily.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will not be done.
That will entail an expense on the operation. We
want to cheapen things.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island to the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. What is it?
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose to strike out from
the sixth line the words, " but the treasurer shall
not be required to pay the amount until it has ^
been actually coined." Then it will read that i;
when its value is ascertained, and it is refined
o-old, he shall pay for it. The provision _as it
stands might induce a great deal of favoritism.
If a man carried refined gold to the mint, and hap-
pened to be in a little disfavor, he could be kept
off for months. They might say his parcel of
o-old had not been coined. He must wait until his
parcel is coined. That would be a hardship. HW
is he to know when his particular bars of gold are
coined? lie will have no knowledge of it. If the
value of it is actually ascertained, and the Senator
from California is right, that in the course of a
week it can be coined, it will impose no hardship
on the treasurer to pay the money. I therefore
I move to strike out the words, " but the treasurer
! shall not be required to pay the amount until it
'has been actually coined." Then it will read that
I whenever refined gold is deposited he shall pay as
1 soon as its value is ascertained. That is proper.
| Mr. HUNTER. That would give an improper
1 advantage to the persons who have it refined out
| of the mint. They would not only have it coined
i one eighth cheaper, but have the money advanced
j the moment they produced the gold. It is not
j always the case that those who carry it to the
mint to be refined, have it coined there. If that
amendment is adopted, I could not go for the
original amendment, because it would impose on
the Government the expense probably of keeping
some half a million dollars as a bullion fund to
( make these advances, and I am not willing to im-
pose any additional burdens in that way. I am
willing to give them the^ chance. I believe it
would be a great thing if we could introduce the
policy, and if we could give them the one eighth
—that is enough.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will not insist on it, if it should cause the
loss of the original amendment. The inconveni-
ence cannot be great.
Mr. SIMMONS. It may not be great, but it
might be very great. I suppose the policy of these
mints is, to a large extent, to encourage the coin-
age of gold.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of the Senator's
amendment, but I should not like to lose the ori-
ginal one; and the chairman of the Committee oil
Finance will go against it, if it be amended.
Mr. SIMMONS. We shall not lose it if the
people that understand it will vote for it.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now, is on the amendment of the committee, as
ametided.
Mr. KING. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That when refined
gold bullion shall be deposited in tile branch mint of the
United States, at San Franei-eo, in California, it shall be
the duty of llie treasurer to make payments for such bul-
lion as soon as the value thereof shall have been ascertained,
and the com made from the same ; but tlie treasurer shall
not bo leqmred to pay the amount until il ha~ been acinaily
coined. And that the charge for making com from t efined
gold bullion, shall be three eights of one per centum. "
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the committee if there has been ever any
charge before'
Mr. HUNTER. It is now one half of one per
cent.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Virginia to the appropriations for
the Territory of Oregon. They ought to be strick-
cn out, since Oregon is admitted as a State. The
appropriations are on page 27, lines six hundred
and fifty-one to six hundred and fifty-eight. I
move to strike out the following items:
a Territory of Oregon.
"For salaries of Governor, three judges, and secretary,
qjo 500.
** " For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,300.
" For compensation and iniica«cot the members of the Le-
gislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent expenses
of tiie As-sembly, §20,000."
Mr. HUNTER. They, ought to be stricken
out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I understand the chaiiman of
the Committee 011 Finance has got through with
the amendments of that committee. _ I desire to
offer an amendment, 011 page 13, to insert, at the
end of line three hundred and six, this clause, to
follow the appropriation for the Tieasury Depart-
ment:
And that the time fixed by law wiihin which tiie ci edstois
of the hue ll-publie of Texas may file their claim* at the
Treasuu' Department he, and the tame 1* hereby, extended
to the 1st da\ of January, 1851.
Mr. HUNTER. I leave it to the Chair if that
be not a private claim, and whether it can come
111 under the rule? ,
Mr. MASON. I took it for granted my col-
league was satisfied it was not a private claim, m
any form or shape. It is to carry out a provision
of an existing law, and is not to provide for a pri-
vate claitn. The case is this: There is in the
Treasury the balance of a fund appropriated to
pay certain creditors of-Texas; but the law re-
quires that they shall file their claims by a given
day. That time expired on the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1858; and, therefore, claims that were not
filed at that time were excluded. The creditors
were required to have their claims adjudicated at
the treasury of Texas; and when thus adjudicated
they were to be filed and reexamined at the Treas-
ury of the United States. This matter was referred
to the Committee on Finance, who reported a joint
resolution for its payment; but there is no chance
of that joint resolution passing. I consulted the
chairman of the Committee 011 Finance, and did
not understand him to object. I did consult an-
other member of the Committee on Finance, ask-
ing their approbation to offer it in this way. If
it is not done, the whole effect will be that this
balance will remain in the Treasury, without the
power of the authorities to apply it to the pur-
poses of the appropriation to pay the Texas cred-
itors.
The case that called it to my attention was one
of very trying hardship. A foreigner, a gentle-
man whom I happened to have known in former
days, became possessed of a portion of the debt
of Texas which remained unpaid, and there was
very little prospect of its being paid until the Uni-
ted States made an anangement with Texas, by
which a certain sum of money was appropriated
to pay a certain class of Texas debts. This gen-
tleman was in Europe, and never had heard of
the law until the time had been.extended up to
the 1st of January, 1858. He then learned it ac-
cidentally, and sent his claims to Texas, as re-
quired by law, with a view of having them adju-
. dicated there, and they would have been iirtime
for the 1st of January, 1858, but that the mail-
steamer between New Orleans and Texas was
lost, and thus he was shut out. I only instance
that 10 show the propiiety and the justice of giv-
ing time for those who are at a distance to pre-
sent their claims. That is the whole object. It
is not to piovide for a private claim, because the
money is already appropriated to pay this class
of claims. The claim is not to be paid until it is
adjudicated. It was to be adjudicated in Texas.
That has been done. The money is in the Treas-
ury, ready to be paid, and tke money is appro-
priated. I hope it will be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to adopt the amendment.
Mr. WARD. In addition to what the Senator
from Virginia has said, I can state that there is
no additional money to be paid. The money is
already in the Treasury, and it is only necessary
now to extend this time to accommodate persona
who have neglected to attend to this matter. I
can say that the best portion of the community
1 that have these claims, are farmers who have not
i kept up with the dates and times necessary to
! file their claims. I have received several com-
' munications, on the subject from planters who
1 arc in this condition*since I have been here.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say, that
: ill rio sense can this be considered a privtite claim,
I for the reason that it is noclaim at all. It is neither
\ a private nor a public claim. It is not a claim'on
1 this Governmentmany shape orform. The ques-
| tion is a very simple one. We appropriated a cer-
[ tain amount of money, and part of it is now in
; the Treasury, to pay certain creditors of Texas.
| There is a residue on hand. It must go either to
] the creditors who have already received a per- •
centage, or else it must go, so far as may be ne-
j! cessary, to some who, by reason of accident, have
; received nothing. The time havingexpired within
which fhese men could come upon the list, upon
;! examination the committee were perfectly satis-
fied, when they reported the former resolution,
' that they ought to have an opportunity to come
' in and take their portion of the percentage before
| it was disposed of to others who had been before
j, paidapouion. These persons have made no claim
! upon this Government in any shape or form. The
claim is upon the fund which we have already
appropriated, notupon us; and it is a question be-
tween them and other parties. That is the amount
of it. The,amendment is eminently just and
proper, and I hope that there will bo no sort of
obiection made to it anywhere.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairdocs
not consider the amendment obnoxious to the 30th
rule, and thcrefoie overiules the point of order
