1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
Bow, showing- that in ail probability less than
seventeen thousand men entitled by the bill were I
then surviving—requiring about a million and a '
half per annum to pension them. The opinions
of these gentlemen are founded upon the known
value of human life, and the opponents of the bill
have not dared to controvert their correctness.
Every people, to maintain their independence,
must have some system to guard against domes-
tic usurpation and foreign war. The object of
this bill is to avoid the European system. Vast
armies there surround the thrones of princes,
crushing the spirit of liberty, and destroying the
substance of the people by the most ruinous and
oppressive taxation. England maintains, in time
of peace, about one hundred and fifty thousand;
France, in 1654, had on foot four hundred and
one thousand two hundred and forty-sevan; Rus-'
sia, m 1835, had eight hundred thousand soldiers.
We have an army, by the report of Secretary
Floyd to the presentCongress, of seventeen thou-
sand four hundred and ninety-eight. For the last
year it cost us largely over twenty million doi- '
lars. This year the Secretary estimates for
$18,010,190 23, which we know is liable to be
increased by a deficiency bill at the nest Congress;
from which it appears that we pay over a million
dollars for each thousand men, or more than one
thousand dollars per man; so that, if we adopt
the European system, and raise our Army to equal
that of Great Britain, it would cost annually
§150,000,000; if we rival France, over four hun-
dred million dollars; and to equal Russia, more
than eight hundred million dollars. When this
system is adopted, the freedom of the people is
at an end. Our little Mexican war produc^jl five
or six ambitious generals, each of whom acted as
if he had a legal right to the Presidency. Dis-
courage the sitizen soldier, increase your standing
Army; let a foreign war come that shall try the
strength of the nation; and, unless the commander
of your conquering legions shall be a second
Washington, your Congress will be driven hence,
your Constitution trampled under foot, and the
people will become the victim and inheritance of:
a usurper and his descendants. Gentlemen cannot 1
avoid it. The question upon this bill is simply,
will you have a pension list or a standing army?
At the last session, Congress was asked to grant
five additional regiments to the regular establish-
ment; thereby increasing, for all time, our annual
expenditures more than five million dollars. Con-
gress refused; and ifthe request had been granted,
past experience authorizes us to say, that if a
further increase had not been asked during this i
Administration, it would have been demanded at
the beginning of the next. Gentlemen who talk
about the extravagance of this bill vote to increase
the Army without hesitation. The systems are
opposed to each other, and gentlemen aie entitled
to their opinions. The bill proposes to secure to
the nation a reliance upon the citizen for military
service, as the cheapest, most honorable, anil
least dangerous system for a free people, if we
reject it, we must adopt the alternative, and ex-
pend vast sums to create a regular establishment,
equal to national defense, thus devoting many of
our citizens and much money to military pur-
poses forever.
The principle of pensioning for military service
hae been appioved by the distinguished men of
the United States since 1818. It was approved by
General Washington in 1780, when Congress, at
his urgent request, passed a resolution giving to |
the oiTioers half pay for life, and which he then
described as necessary to prevent a dissolution of
the army. Resting upon these high authorities,
1 feel confident that the passage of this bill will
establish a military policy, which alone can se-
cure the nation against the dangers of foreign war
and domestic usurpation.
As to the soldiers of subsequent wars, I cannot
consent to pension them now. If, hereatter,when
they have grown old, and the Government is in
the hamls of their children, they should be hon-
ored and held up to the nation m their declining
year's as examples for imitation, it would be m
accordance with the pohev which 1 desire to see
established.' But these old men of 1812 are the
fathers of the Republic—the victors in the second
war of independence. They are rapidly sinking
to the grave, and must be paid now or never. It
is no argument to say that the Treasury is empty.
The nation which they defended in the days of
their youth I hope may live forever, and yet be-
come the most glorious and powerful on the face
of the globe.
Mr. FENTON. Is it in order now to offer a
substitute for the bill nowbefore the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee will first
proceed to perfect the original bill, and then a sub-
stitute will be in order.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment to
the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The first section of the
bill will be read.
The first section of the bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, fyc., That each of the surviving officers,
non-commissioned officer*, musicians, and privates, who
shall have served in the regular Army, State troop*, volun-
teer, or militia, for a term of three or more month*. or t>bdH
have been en agt?d in actual battle with the enemy, in the
war declared by the United State* agam&t Great Britain, on
the J8th clay of June, 1812, be authorized to receive, out of
any money in the Treasury jK't otherwise appropriated, the
amount of hi^ full pay in said line, according to ins rank,
but not exceeding, m any case, the pay of a captain of in-
fantry; such pay to commence from the first day of the pres-
ent Congie-5, and continue during his natural life.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment to
the first section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
that an amendment is already pending. Is the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama an
amendment to that amendment?
Mr. COBB. I will hear the amendment read.
The pending amendment offered by Mr. Gart-
rell, was read, as follows:
In the first t-ection of tlie In]] tliike out. in iine t''n, all
after tile word '' apprnpnatPd" dmvn En the word ■'
m line twelve, namely: -the amount ofliis full pay m said
line, according to iiisrank, but not to exceed, ill any case,
the pay of aeaptani of infantry," and insert ' the sumoi
ninety-set dollars a year, to be paid semi-annually."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer an amendment, to come in prior, in point
of place, to that amendment. 1 move to strike
out, m line five, the word " three," and insert
" one;" so as to make the bill read " for the term
of one month or more."
I will say to the House that the bill, as it now
stands, excludes a very large class of men who
served in the war of 1812, and rendered most
meritorious service; forinstance, men who fought
the battle of the Thames; who went from my
State and returned before the expiration of three
months. If the House is going to pass this bill,
I cannot sit here silently and see so deserving a
class of men excluded. Therefore, I propose to
reduce the term, so that the bill will include
them. There were a great many men who went
out with Governor Sheldon, who might not have
been in actual battle. The second section does
not apply to them. I desire the bill put in such
a shape that that class may not be cut off from
the benefits of the bill by construction at the De-
partment.
I hope the committee will pass the amendment, j
in order that we may put ourselves upon the rec- :
ord in the House upon it. ,
Mr. NICHOLS. I am opposed to the amend- j
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky. I admit ;
it is rather all ungracious task to oppose a propo- ,
sition to pension any persons who have been en- !
gaged m the military service of the country. But
I am opposed to t.ie substitute oileicd at the last |
session by the gentleman from New \ork, [Mr, !
Fenton,] and I am opposed, too, to the principle ;
of this bill. I want that distinctly understood.
The gentleman from Kentucky moves to amend ,
so as to include men who have served only one ;
month. As I understood the bill, any man who '
was engaged m actual battle, though he served but ;
one day, is entitled to a pension as already pro-
vided.
Mr. Chairman, I do not think it is the policy of
the country, in any circumstances, to increase the
band of pensioners. A careiui review of tin; pen-
sion laws shows these facts. The pension nets,
commencing, I think, in 1810, providing for boun-
ties, provide for full pay, and that hns been re-
ceived by all who have served. It it has not been
received, it is the fault of those who served.
And since that, during the brief experience I
have had as a member of this body, Congress has
j three times provided for bounty lands for services
! rendered. Let me state my own experience in
! reference to these bounty lands. 1 was, in 1850,
j a young practicing lawyer. Tt.e art of Septem-
I her '26. 1830, was passed,giving bounty land to
1 the soldiers of the last war. As agent, I made
ninety-six applications for those entitled to boun-
ty land under that act; and each of those entitled
had served three months, precisely as those who
will be entitled to pensions under this bill will
have to serve. Now, ninety-three of the men ill
my own county out of the ninety-six for whom
I made application, and who were entitled to the
benefits of that act, were at that time in better
circumstances, and are nefw, thaif I am myself.
Let me state another fact. A colleague ot mine,
in a conversation with him within the last fifteen
minutes, stated to me that he presented a petition
to thia House for this identical pension bill at the
last session, signed by fifty persons, all of whom,
with five exceptions, are worth from five to twen-
ty-five thousand dollars. I cannot state how the
fact is in reference to other localities, as I know
nothing about them.
I lay down the general principle that it is wrong
for the Government to increase the system ofpen-
sions. What motive have these men in coming
to this body, and asking this Government to re-
ward them ,for services which have been per-
formed, when the act under which they enlisted
provided for them ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendmentof the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. GREENWOOD. This is a very import-
ant amendment, and I ask that the question be
taken by tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to offer an amendment
to ihe amendment. It is to reduce the time from
one month to fourteen days. The gentleman fronrt
Ohio [Mr. Nichols] staled that lie regarded it as
bad policy in the Government to increase the num-
ber of pensioners. This statement the gentleman
repeated, I think, as often as three times; but he
did not give the reason to the committee or to the
country why he thought so. This system of pen-
sioning was inaugurated at an early period of the
history of the country. It was adopted by men
who esiabhshed the Government, and many of
them participated m its benefits. Various acts
that were passed from 1310 up to the present time,
have carried out the same policy.
Now, I hold that there is no policy better cal-
culated, under our military system, to keep alive
in this country a spirit of patriotism and devo-
tion to the country, than that those who have
fought her battles shall know that in tteir old
age, when they may become helpless and ui5able
by their own industry to acquire the necessities
of life, they will be taken care of by the Govern-
ment.
The gentleman gave us various instances in
which men of wealth, of large fortune, memo-
rialized Congress to have a law passed to give
them pensions. Granted. Grant that many men
of wealth would be entitled to pensions under the
bill now tinder consideration; yet why not pre-
sent the other side of the picture? There may
be men entitled under this bill who do not really
need the bounty of the Government; but that
objection is worth nothing, because there are hun-
dreds and thousands who do need vvhattheymay
receive under this bill. 1 am ill favor ot this
amendment as offered by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Air. Gartrell,] because 1 believe it
to be wrong to pay, under tins bill, the full pay
to which men would be entitled if they were in
actual service. That is unprecedented in the
history of all the pension laws that have been
passed. Hence, 1 will vote for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Georgia, believing
it ngut to follow the piecedent that has been set.
I tell gentlemen here that unless we do pass this
bill the people will send men heie who will pass
it. ! ask leave to withdraw my amendment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object to the withdiawal of
the amendment, for I desire to speak in opposi-
tion to it. I was about saying, that 1 believe it
to be bad policy for the Government to increase
its band of pensioners. Now, Mr. Chairman, no-
body sympathizes more than I do with the par-
ticufar class of cases instanced by the gentleman
from Kentucky; but I have examined all these
pension bills, and have found, that whenever a
man is disabled in the service, he is entitled to a
pension.
If he was wounded m battle, ho has
his pension, if he was slain in battle, his heirs
have the pension. If he served without disability,
