1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
The question is on the adoption of the^amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to move, by instruc-
tion of the Committee on the Judiciary, an amend-
ment, to come in at page 30, lines seven hundred
and nine, seven hundred and ten, and seven hun-
dred and eleven, to strike out the words 14 For
salaries of the Attorney General, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, $14,967,"and insert:
For salaries of the Attorney General and assistant and
clerks and messenger in his office, $14,967: Provided, That
the Attorney General, in place of the six clerks now em-
ployed in His office, be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point one as&i&tant, learned in the law, at an annual salary
of $3,000, two third-classs clerks at salaries of @1,600 each,
and one second-class clerk at a salary of $1,400 ; and that
the said Attorney General be authorized, when necessary,
to employ temporary cleiks, provided that the allowance to
such temporary clerks shall in no one year exceed $1,000:
Provided also, That all moneys hereafter drawn out of the
Treasury upon the requisition of the Attorney General,
shall be disbursed by such disbursing officer as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may direct.
The effect of the amendment is to reduce the
expenses in the office of the Attorney General by
about sixteen hundred dollars a year, in clerks,
and to give about one thousand, if he finds it ne-
cessary to employ temporary clerks. I presume,
therefore, there can be no objection to it. It re-
arranges the force in his office, providing salaries
in such a mode that it may be made more effective,
and reduces the general expense to the Govern-
ment. The second clause of the amendment is in
order to protect the officer as well as the Govern-
ment. As it stands now, all moneys, no matter
for what purpose; drawn by the Attorney Gen-
. era!, are disbursed by him without any security
on hi3 part, and he is obliged to intrust thorn to
some uf the persons in the office. The second
clause of the amendment requires that it shall be
done by a disbursing clerk whenever the money
is drawn on his requisition, to be designated by
the Secretary of the Tieasury. The effect of it
will be that the dtsbursmgelerk will give security,
and the United Stairs will be secured from loss;
and it is more regular that it should be so. I
trust there will he no objection to the amendment.
It rreates no expense.
Mr. HUNTER. The only objection I ha\e to
it is that it increases the system of appointing-
assistants t-o the heads of Departments. 1 do not
believe it is a good pftm. 1 believe the operation
of it is to relieve them of responsibility to a great
extent.
Mr. 13.-VYARD. 1 am unable to f-re how this
mode of appointment takes away any lesponsi-
bility. The won! " assistant" is used, because
the class of officer he must employ for the pur-
pose he cannot get at a less salary, and yet he is
more efficient aid to him than half a dozen clerks.
The truth is, that the business of the office of the
Attorney General has expanded so much in the
last six or eight, years, that it is impossible for
hrm, without having a man skilled m the law to
aid hnn in the pel loi m.m< e of his office duties, to
perfoi in propei ly hisdutu s in the Supreme Court.
The number of ('uhfornm land eases alone places
him in that position, lie had at one time eight
hundred of theme tnses brought m a single natch
for 'his examination, to determine whether he
would appeal to the Supreme Court or not. lie
has still pending a vast number of those eases.
The recoids occupy hundreds of pages. They
involve an inquiry both into fact and into law.
lie cannot expect an oidmary clerk m a Depart-
ment to do that. To have the Attorney Geiieial
go through these records would U; physically
impossible, and, at the same time, perform his
duties in the Supremo Couit.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to ask if this is lec-
ommeniled by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. KAYAK.I). Yes, sir, it is.
The amend mem. was agreed to.
Mr KING. 1 t]f sire to offer an amendment to
the last clause of the scction ielating to the assay
ofhee, m New Yoik, m line six hundred and
thirty-one, as it was amended by the Finance
< 'imiiiiiticf. I propose to insert:
ProadciK That any sufficient MirpiiH in the lands appli-
eabl'; toi incidental and contingent expenses of the
ntlu-o at New Yoik. shall, under the duecnon b* the Sre-
ret'ir\ or the Treamiv, be applied to <\wh alteiatnm nf the
ollu-e building, and the puicha>t* of Mich maohineiy
and implements us --ii.il! !>•: uecc&saiy fur exucutuijj at >rud
<J'.c v the c-'iu.uj: of all gold and t-i'ver bullion that f Sin M be
d: 1-oc.iud Ui-JiCm iuf ihat purpose ; and tu ^oon a:> the ne-
cessary arrangements shall have been completed, the oper-
ations of coinage at said office shall be commenced—sub-
ject, in all respects, to the provisions of the act establishing
said office, and to the laws of the United States relative to
the Mint and branches, so far as the same shall be appli-
cable.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 raise a question of order on
that. It does not come from any committee. It
proposes an additional appropriation.
Mr, KING. No; it does not propose any ad-
ditional appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. It proposes an appropria-
tion for contingent expenses. That is an addi-
tional appropriation. There is no such appro-
priation now in the bill.
Mr. KING. They have a fund for contingent
expenses there; and this makes no appropriation,
and is not designed to do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit it to the Chair to
decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From the read-
ing of the amendment, itappears to the Chair that
it is only a direction as to the application of an
appropriation already made.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is not an appropria-
tion already made. The amendment makes an
appropriation.
Mr. KING. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no appropiiation in
the bill for contingent expenses of the assay office
at New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the Chair
understands the amendment, it only provides that
if there be any surplus in the appropriation for
contingent expenses, it shall be applied in a cer-
tain way. The Chair thinks it is not obnoxious
to the rule.
Mr. IIUNTEIl. Doen the Chair decide that
it is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. KING. I trust there will be no objection
to it.
Air. HUNTER. 1 have a word or two to say
on it.
Mr. KING. I supposed there would be *no
objection to it. It seems to me the reason for its
passage is obvious; but I will hear what the
chairman of the committee has to say.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a proposition, as I
undeistand, to make a mint in New York. Al-
though it might be well enough that New York
should have a mint, if you were to make a gen-
eral change of the mints and diminish the number
of them, still, I do not believe it is right to do
anything so radical upon an appropiiation bill.
If there is anything which ought to be a separate
measure, it is this. I hope the Senate, without
regard to the question of the propriety of estab-
lishing a mint in New York, will vote down this
amendment on the ground thatitis inappropriate
here.
Mr. KING. The amendment does not pro-
pose cither to remove any existing mint or to es-
tablish a mint m New York. The assay office
in New York was established some years since,
and the benefits to result from the provisions of
the amendment, it seems to me, are too obvious
to require any comment. I have here, a brief
statement of the business which has been trans-
acted at that assay office, from its establishment
m October, 1854, to December 31,1858. During
that time, the gold bullion deposited there has
amounted to $92,200,000; the silver bullion to
$4,500,000; making a total of $96,700,000. Of
this, there has been sent to the Mint at Phil-
adelphia for coinage, during the same period, of
gold, $31,300,000* of silver, §4,500,000—total,
$35,800,000. The cost of transportation of bul-
lion to Philadelphia, and the return of coins, has
been, for gold, one dollar per $1,000, $31,300; sil-
ver, three dollars per $1,000, $13,500—$14,£0U.
This is a very considerable amount of money
which ban been expended simply for the trans-
portation of the bullion to Philadelphia and its re-
turn to New Yoik as com. Although that is en-
titled to ( ousulrrauon, it N not by any means the
only point to be looked at. In the transfer of
these large sums of money between the two cities,
the Government is liable to great loss by casual-
ties or felonies during the period of transporta-
tion. The bullion is transported by an express
company, sometimes lfi quantities of $500,000,
and in case of a loss by robbery, or by any acci-
dent, none of those express companies wowld be
able to indemnify the Government. The crossing
of the two rivers, the Delaware and the Hudson,
in many seasons of the year, exposes these
amounts, in the vessels in which they pass, to
great danger by collision and sinking; and thus
the risk to'the Government is a very large con-
sideration.
1 do not propose to bring to the attention of the
Senate the considerations which arise from the
character of the city of New York and its busi-
ness, as to the propriety of furnishing there this
facility fiprstamping coin. The proposition which
I make "is, to enable the assay office at New
York, out of its contingent fund, to purchase the
materials which may be necessary to enable it to
stamp the coin. New York is, and necessarily
must be, the point at which the price of exchange
between this and other countries is ascertained
and determined. When the price of foreign ex-
change is high, bullion goes abroad either in coin
or in the ingots of refined metal from the assay
office, and they go into foreign mints for coinage;
large amounts of gold have been earned -abroad
in this way. All that can now be done at the
assay offtcS in New York is, to refine the metal,
stamp the bars of bullion, and designate their
weight and value. This contributes to carry the
metal abroad, and in this view is,an object of in-
terest to those who desire to retain in our own
country, at all times, a substantial amount of
specie circulation.
I will not argue ih relation to the propriety of
the original location of the Mint. When Pliila-
delphia was selected as the location for the Mint,
it was the political and commercial capital of the
country. All the reasons which existed origin-
ally for the location of the Mint at Philadelphia,
now exist in a much stronger degree for its loca-
tion in New York; but that is not proposed. We
understand and comprehend the rival interests of
commercial cities and of States, and the interest
they feel in this matter. We do not propose to
disturb the Mint at Philadelphia. What we ask
is, that, at this great entrepot of commerce, the
assay office already established may be authorized
without any expense to the Government, by econ-
omising its contingent fund, to purchase the ne-
cessary instruments for coining the gold. This can
be done, out of the moneys saved in the expense
of these transmissions of the metal to and from
Philadelphia, in a very short time. The proposi-
tion which I make is, simply to extend to New
York what already has been extended to New
Orleans, to Dahlonega, and other places of no
great commercial importance from their facility
to mining districts; and what appropriately has
been extended to San Francisco. The whole
country is just as much interested in itas the peo-
ple of the city of New Yoik. There is no portion
of the country interested in manufactures or com-
merce, which is not interested in permitting this
facility. It is a tax on the coinage to be com-
pelled to carry the bullion from New York to
Philadelphia and back again; and as a friend of
mine, residing in New York, said, you might
just as well abolish the custom-house, in the city
of New York, on the giound that a custom-house
at the city of Philadelphia could transact all tho
business. Jt certainly could rcceivc all the goods;
and you might as well require that goods hiought
to New York should be sent over to Philadelphia
for entry and for the payment of duties, and then
returned to New York. There is no good reason
for this. The only reason why a branch mint,
in form and in the ordinary mode in which such
establishments by name arc established, has not
been already established m New York, has been
from the apprehension that it might lead to a
change of the location of the Mint, and that New
York might become the seat of the principal Mint
instead of a branch. This reason, however, is
not a good one foi lcfusmg to supply merchants
both at home and abroad, and the whole country,
with the facilities which such an establishment in
the city of New York would afford.
I have deemed it my duty to make the propo-
sition. Of course the Senate will act according
to its judgment. I did not expect any opposi-
tion to the amendment from the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. I think he ought not to
have made objection, inasmuch as the amend-
ment does not involve any expense. I think a
suggestion from that committee ought not to be
urged us a make-weight against the adoption of
this proposition, but that it should stand nakedly
