1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
I drew a bill somewhat similar to this the first
Congress in which I served, five years ago. I
drew it because I believed it was but justice to
the soldiers of the war of 1812 ; and I wish to say
further to the committee, and to the Chairman,
that I have never once named the subject m any
speech which I ever made in my own district.
Nevertheless, there arc perhaps more soldiers of
the war of 1812 in my district than in any other
district in the United States. More of the sol-
diers who served under General Jackson in the
Creek war and at New Orleans m the war of 1812,
came from that district than from any other; and
yet, because I have desired and done what I could
to do justice to these old men, I have never men-
tioned it in any speech in my own district, nor is
it generally known there that I introduced such
a bill during the first Congress in which I had the
honor to occupy a scat m this House.
I fully subscribe to the opinion announced by
General Washington in his letter to Congress, in
reference to the soldiers of the war of the Revo-
lution, when he said:
16 On the whole, if something yn.ti-ifao.tory he not done, the
army (Already po ieduced m officers, by da;iy re-isjnations,
as not to leave a sufficiency to do tiie common duties of it,)
jiiu-t either eea^c to cxi-st at the end of the campaign, or it
^\iil exhibit an example of more vutue, fomtude. self-
denial, arid perseverance, than has ever vet been puialleled
m the hi.-tury of human enthusiasm. The di^oiution of
the army an event which cannot bo regarded with mdif-
tfienee. It would bring accumulated distress upon us ; it
would throw the people of America into a general cor^ter-
nntMu • it would dx'iedit our cau^e tliiougiiout the world;
it would-.ha'.-kmir allies. To tnink of replacing the olhceis
with otbeis is visionary. The loss of the veteran soldiers
could not he repaired/'
I believe that such inducements oughtto beheld
out to our young men to enlist in the service
whenever their services are required. As my
ftiend from Kentucky just remarked, you now
have a standing army ot ten million men if their
services were necessary. Sir, the volunteer sol-
diers who fight the battles of the country ought
to be taken care of by the country. Why, Mr.
Chairman, the only Government, the only mon-
archy, which ever existed for any respectable
period of time, was the absolute despotism of
Egypt, in-which, when any man served his coun-
try'm war, he was taken care of in his old age. I
behove the men designated by this bill ought to
be taken care of; I know old men m my own dis- |
tact, m the State of Tennessee, whose legs were
cut oli' in the war of 1S12, and who were thus
rendered incapable of earning their living. I
believe it to be the duly of the Government to
tahecaie of them. Sir, J wish to do nothing here
which shall have the appearance of demagogism
—nothing to make capital of in my own district.
I believe Yrnxt justice to these old men, justice to
the country, 'justice to ourselves, requires that
ihese old men, who, in the war of 3812, as I have
said, stopped bullets at eight dollars per month,
should be taken care of by the Government of the
United States. It is an honest expenditure of the
money of the Government. It injures the inter-
ests of no one. it comes from the pockets of the
people, and I am willing to pay niyjjart of it.
Mr. HUGHES. I desiie to speak in opposi-
tion tu the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee; and I propose to pursue the same
course which other gentlemen have adopted, and
speak to the meuts of the bill.
I am in favor of paying pensions to the soldiers
of the war of 1812, and every national war m
which, this country has been or may be engaged.
1 believe it is sound policy and true economy.
The objection urged is that it will exhaust the
puulte Treasury; and one gentleman has said that
u this jwlu'v is earned the Government will
not have money enough after a while to carry on
a war. Air. Chah man, something else is required
i>) tune of war besides money. Money is a very
i^ood t! and has evAn been called " the smews
of wor; " but i"jif' n i1 s' a ione i iot a a t it at is ueeuc u,
it is mix that W-- l-equoe for the dciense oi our
couut-y. nr to cniry lis conquering Bag, we
should"tm:',;vrn m a war of aggression. I do not
axk y m u  pay ttiese men because they aie poor.^
Mtm of them" ate poor, it is true, but some of
them doubtless aie rich; but it is because 1 think
tins Cui\erunnmt ouiiht to make a public anu sol-
emn recognition ui their services, with a view to
cultivate a mihtary spirit among the people, that
i would have this bill passed.
A-; to economy, sir, if you wish to economize.
strip the tinsel ornaments from these Halls oflegis-1
lation; cut off the annual drain upon the Treasury -
for recording and printing every idle word that is
uttered here; cease to lavish millions in fortifica-
tionsupon your sea-coasts; letyourfortsand arse-
nals crumble into ruins. You have now a system
of telegraphic communication, by which, when an
enemy appears upon your coast, the news can be
sent upon the lightning's wings to the uttermost
bounds of the Republic, and summon a host of
brave men to its defense. You have a system of
railroads now centering upon the sea-board which
can immediately concentrate 'there a million of
men, if a military spirit exists among the people.
That is the most economical course to pursue
which will foster and promote that spirit.
In ancient times the people of Greece were in
the habit of defending themselves by building walls
around their cities. But there was one city, the
most warlike of them all, that had no walls to
i protect it; and when an embassador from an en-
: eray's country asked "where are your walls;
| where your fortifications'" the commander of the
! city answered, pointing to her sons, " these are
! the fortifications to protect Sparta #i time of war."
i Let us build up such fortifications as those; and
let us, by public and solemn legislation, recog-
nize the gratitude we owe to those who bear the
musket in time of battle; and when the country
needs soldiers and fortifications, they will be
prompt in its defense.
I say, further, I am opposed to any discrimina-
tion in the rate of compensation between officers
and men. The duties of an officer are easiest and
his pay the best while in service; and when all
retire into private life, let them be pensioned
alike.
The question recurred upon the amendment to
the amendment, to substitute " ten days" for
" three months."
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbot,and
j Craig of Missouri, weie appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers're-
ported—ayes 90, noes 48.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. Is it in order to move that
the committee do now rise?
The CHAIRMAN. I.t is.
Mr. BURNETT, I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment as
amended.
Tellers having been previously ordered,Messrs.
Marshall of Kentucky, and Branch, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to offer
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Tennessee, that there is an
amendment now pending—that offered by the gen-
tleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Gartrlll.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 thought the gen-
tleman had only given notice of that amendment.
Mr. GARTREL.L. No, sir; I offered it.
Mr. COBB. 1 have an amendment to come in
at the ninth line, which I desire to offer now.
Mr. GARTR.ELL. I am willing that the gen-
| tleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] should ofler
; his amendment now.
| Mr. COBB. I want the committee distinctly
' to understand that my amendment is oiR-red in
■ good faith.
■ " Mr. UNDERWOOD. I dcsiie to ofiVr an
j amenduT'nt, whn.ii I irLb-T-Uu bt-iore my col-
league [Mr. Marshall! offered his.
Mi. COIiU. A o what hue does it come in :
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. My amendment is to
come in at lino nine, and unless I oiler n now I
: will not have an opportunity of doing so again.
. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My amendment
comes mat hue seven.
Mr. COUB. The reading of my amendment wtll
1 indicate the particular point at winch it comes in.
Mr. Comb's amendment was reported, as fob
lows:
! Alter the word " twelve"' m line nine, in^ei t the foliow-
'1 Florida and Ore ok and bidia.i of 1333. 1537,
1 and and the Mexican wai ot' U4G. 1&47. and 1$H8.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, I gave notice of
my intention,at last session, to offer this amend-
ment. It was thought by some gentlemenat-that'
time, that my object was to trammel the bill. I
announce here to-day that such was not, and is
not, my intention. But I ask every gentleman of
the committee to point out to me, if he can, what
difference of merit is there between the widow of
a soldier of the war of 1818, and the widow of a
soldier who served in the Mexican, Florida, or
Indian wars? If the one is entitled to a pension,
surely so is the other. And I now say, to clear
away the mist from the minds of gentlemen, that
I intend to vote for this bill unless they clog it
with such provisions as forbid my voting for it.
I desire theadgption of my amendment, because
my mind travels back to the massacres that took
place in the'Florida war, where every man, in
some instances—as in the Dade massacre—was
killed; and where there was not one left to tell the
tale. Why should not the Government provide for
the widows and the orphans of those men ? I am
not unmindful of the claims of those who lost
their husbands and their fathers by the inclemency
of the weather, and the hardships of the campaign
of 1 SIS; but neither would I have the committee
be forgetful of the claims of those who lost their
husbands or their fathers in Florida or in Mexico.
Tell me the difference between the lone widow of
a soldier of the war of 1812, and the lone widow
of one who served in the Mexican or Florida wars.
Sir, there is no difference. It may be said that
the one is much older than the other, and, there-
fore, more dependent on the bounty of the Gov-
ernment. Rut that does not hold good in all in-
stances; for gray-headed men, as gray-headed as
yourself, Mr. Chairman, [laughter,] took up arms
for their country, and marched into Mexico, and
left their bones there by the Rio Grande and on
the field of Resaca de la Palma; and their widows
are, it may be assumed, old women. Have these
men left no widows to be provided for; and if
they have, are you providing for them in this
bill? Not unless you adopt the amendment that
I have offered. I see around me colonels and of-
ficers who distinguished themselves in the war
with Mexico; and some of them say they want no
pensions because they are youthful and vigorous.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Savage]
said that he wanted no pension for himself. Sir,
he has received a pension far superior to that
which any poor soldier may receive under the
provisions of this bill: for, m all probability, ho
owes his seat, as many others do, to his services
m the Mexican war. [Much laughter.] Sir, I am
notunmmdfulofal] that. My mind falls back 
[Heie the hammer fell, amidst cneS of "Goon!"
" Hear him 1"]
Mr. DEW ART obtained the floor.
Mr. COBB. Cannot I go on for a minute
longer?
[Cries of "Go on 1" and much laughter and
confusion.]
Mr. DEYYART. I was originally in favor of
this bill, but the committee have loaded it down
with so many amendments that I shall be obliged
to record my vote agasnst it.
Much confusion prevailed in the committee at
this point. Members crowded round the speaker,
j amidst snouts of'Order 1" and "Down in front!"
, and much laughter.
| Mr. SAVAGE. I hope the Chair will pre-
j serve Older.
I The CHAIRMAN. If gentlemen do not come
to order, the Chairman will be obliged to vacate
| the ehdn , and iepoi t the disorder of the committee
' to the House. It is impossible to proceed with
'< the business while there is so much disorder.
i Mr. DEWART. I was going to move, sir, to
! amend the hdl so as to provide that the defeated
! candidates in Pennsylvania, in the late Kansas
i campa'gn,be allowed a pension of ninety-six dol-
1 lars pel annum. [Roars of laughter.]
j Mr. KELSEY. It is evident that no business
t can be done, in the piesent temper of the House,
i I therefore move that the committee do now rise.
| Tiie motion was agreed to.
| So tiie committee rose; and the Speaker having
t resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that
1 the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill of the House (No. 259) grant-
mgpensions to the officers and soldiers of the war
