128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17.
with Great Britain, of 1812, and those engaged in
the Indian wars during that period, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELSEY, (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 17, 1858. *
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. L. D. Finckejl.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, informing- the House
that the Senate had passed bills of this House of
the following titles:
An act (JNo. 302) to continue the office of re-
gister of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana;
An act (No. 3)8) recognizing the assignment
of land warrant No. 35,956, issued to John Davis,
as valid; and
An act (No. 342) for the relief of John Camp-
bell.
Also, thntthfi Senate had indefinitely postponed
bills of the House of the following titles:
A resolution (No. 14) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue a register or enroll-
ment to the vessel called the James Mclndoe, now
owned by Thomas Coatsvvorth, James G. Coats-
worth, and William Coatsworth,of Buffalo, New
York;
An act (No. 222) for the relief of Elizabeth E.
V. Field;
An act (No. 305) granting a pension to Jere-
miah Wright; ard
An act (No. 052) to repeal the second section
of the act entitled " An act to establish certain
post roads," approved June 14,1858.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEPH ENS, of Georgia. What is the
special order for to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The special order in the
House is the consult1 ration of House bill No. 367,
being a bill to provide for the examination and
payment of ceitain claims of citizens of Georgia
and Alabama, on account of los&es sustained by
depredations of the Cieek Indians. It was made
the special oi der at the last session, and, by some
inudvettence, the Committee of the Whole House
was discharged from the consideration of the hill,
and it is, therefore, a special order before the
House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This is pri-
vate hill day; and as the bill is a special order,
I move that it be refenvd to a Committee of the
"Whole Hou^e on the Pi m\fe Calendar; and I shall
then move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House to take up that
special oider.
The motion was od to.
Mr. STEPHENS, uf Gior'ria. I now move
that the rules be suspendid, lil;d that tin.* House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Pnvaic Calendar.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ABBOTT. W ill the gentleman from Geor-
gia give way for a, moment, to enable me to ob-
tain leave to withdiaw some papers from the files
of the House ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. ABBOTT. I nsk leave,then, to withdraw
from the files of the House, the pap'-) s m the case
of'Geor-eW.W huney, an applicant tor a pension.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indicate
for what purpose he desiies to withdiaw the pa-
pers ?
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to carry them before
the Department. The Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions made an adverse report last session upon the
memorial of the petitioner on the ground that the
existing law furnished relief, and entitled lmn to
a pension. I wish to withchawthe papers for the
purpose of laying them before the Department.
There being no objection, leave was given for
the withdrawalof the papers.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
it was
Ordered, That Hie Committee on Foreign Affairs be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the papers in
the ease of J. B. Cook, and that the same be referred to the
Committee of Way*; and Means.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr.- BLAIR, I ask leave to withdraw the
memorial, with the accompanying papers, of the
Penny Post Company of California, for the pur-
pose of reference in the Senate.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
PAPERS HE COMMITTED.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Military Affairs
to ask that the adverse report made by that com-
mittee in the case of Captain McFerran, and t&e
papers in the case, be recommitted to that com-
mittee.
There being no objection, itwas so ordered.
VACANT LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
notice was given at the last session. It was not
in my drawer when the States were called at the
commencemenWof this session. It was a bill
ceding the vacant lands in the military district in
Ohio, to the State of Ohio, for school purposes.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to inquire
what the regular order is this morning ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Georgia to withdraw his motion, in
order that one hour may be devoted to the call of
committees for reports.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is a
special order in Committee of the Whole House,
and I am anxious that it shall be considered to-
day.
Mr. SAVAGE. Is it in order to move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The motion could be made,
but the Chair is of opinion that the motion of the
gentl'cman from Georgia would take precedence.
Mr. GOODE. I ask the permission of the
House to introduce a jomt resolution, for the pur-
pose of reference merely. It is necessary that it
should be passed at an early day.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the regular order
of business.
CLAIMS OE GEORGIA AND ALABAMA.
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now insist
on my motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
' agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolvud itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar,(Mr. Sher-
man, of Ohio, in the chair,) and proceeded to con-
| sider the special order, being House bill (No.
3b7) to provide for the examination and pay-
ment of certain claims of citizens of Georgiaand
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
redations of the Creek Indians.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
A bill to provide for ih ! examination and payment of cer-
tain claims of citizens of Georgia anil Alabama, on ac-
count of lo&dcs sustained by depredations oi the Creek
Indians.
J3e it enae'efl hi/ the Senate and House of Hepracntaiioei
of (ho United States of Ji/iici ica in Congress WiSotbled, That
the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
dnectod to cau<e the chum ot ceitain citizens of Geoi^ia
and Alabama, for looses sustained by theOieek Indian out-
break in 1 bU6. 1S37, and lb3S, according to statement ex-
hibited m volume (5. Executive Documents 1^7 and 18&>,
No. 1;27, be examined by tin* propei accounting officers ofthe
Government, and that there be allowed and paid to said cit-
izens, or then attorneys or agents, out of any money m the
Treasuiy not ojherwise appiopnafed, the Mim or sums that
may be found due -'-aid citizens, lCispcctively, f°r lo.-sos suh
tamed by the de-tiuc'ion of their property, tor provisions
used by the tioops m the s>eivice of the United States, and
Indians.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he il farther cnacted. That the Secretary of
Wai be, and he id'hereby, authorized, without regard to
exi*tm<r iules and requirements, to recene such evidence
as is on file in the Depai tmont-> of tho Government, and any
further pioofs which may be nfxWed tending to establish the
validity of the claims oi the citizens of Georgia and Ala-
bama, a? atoiesaid. upon the United States, or any part
thereof, for losses as-, aforesaid ; and m all cases where such
evidence shall, m his judgment, prove the truth of the items
of the claims, or auy part thereof, to act on the same in like 1
manner as if the proof consisted of such vouchers and evi-
dence as is required by existing rules and regulations touch-
ing the allowance of such claims, deducting what has been
heretofore paid, if any: Provided, That the payment to be
made by the provisions of this bill shall be tu full satisfac-
tion of all claims for damages for property Jost by the act
of the Creek Indians, in 1836, 1837, and 183S, or taken lor
Government use.
The report, which was read, states that, on the
12th February, 1825, a treaty was entered into
with the CreeK nation for the purpose, as declared
in the preamble of the treaty, to carry out " the
policy and earnest wish of the General Govern-
ment, that the several Indian tribes within the
limits of any of the States of the Union should
remove to territory to be designated on the west
side of the Mississippi river."
By the terms of this treaty the Creek nation
ceded all their lands to the east of the Chattahoo-
chee, in the State of Georgia, on a stipulation that
the United States would give in exchange " the
like quantity, acre for acre, westward of tne Mis-
sissippi, on the Arkansas."
Having thus disposed of all their lands east of
the Chattahoochee, on the 24th March, 1832,
another treaty was entered into by which tlf& said
Creek nation " ceded to the United States all
their lands eastof the Mississippi." Byitsstip-
ulations ninety of the principal chiefs and each
head of a family were to be entitled, after the
land had been surveyed, to certain reservations,
which reservations they were authorized to dis-
pose of for a fair consideration.
By the twelfth article of the treaty the desire
of the United States is expressed, 44 that the
Creeks should remove to the country west ofthe
Mississippi, and join their countrymen there;"
and provision is made for their emigration.
This article contains a proviso that it is not to
be construed "so as to compel any Creek In-
dian to emigrate." Butit is evident that the Gov-
ernment intended to pursue its great policy of
emigrating this tribe—a policy founded-, in long
experience, which demonstiated that the interests
of the Indians, as well as the whites, demanded
their separation. This is seen not only in the
article referred to, but m the provision which au-
thorized them to sell the small reservation of all
the land that remained to them east of the Mis-
sissippi. Situated in the midst of white settle-
ments the authority to sell was equivalent to a
decree of sale, as the event showed.
The Government having- completed the survey
under the treaty, its lands were placed m market
early in 1834, and a settlement of whites invited.
The reservations of the Indians became imme-
diately the subject of speculation and purchase,
so that by the spring of 1836 there were but few
who had not dispossessed themselves of all their
landed rights. To investigate certain alleged
frauds in some of these sales, a commission was
instituted by the Government, which sat in 1835
and 1836.
The means thus obtained by the Indians were
soon dissipated,and a great number were reduced
to the condition of starving vagrants. This con-
dition of things awakened the most serious appre-
hensions on the part of the white settlers. Peti-
tions were forwarded by the settlers to the Gov-
ernors of Georgia and Alabama, and by them to
the Government of the United States, m which
their critical condition was fully stated, and ask-
ing for protection and for the removal of the In-
dians. These petitions were unheeded; so far
from affording relief, the Government removed
the small force—the only one it had in that re-
gion of country—then stationed at Fort Mitchell,
for the purpose of employing it in the Seminole
war. The GovernmeaLwas also notified of this
condition of affairs by^olonel Hogan, who had
been appointed to investigate in the nation the
character of the sales made~by the Indians of their
reservations.
The danger apprehended by the settlers was
soon realized, and early in May, 1836, the depre-
dations and hostilities were of so serious a char-
acter that the settlers had to seek safety m a hasty
flight into the denser white settlements of Georgia
and Alabama.
To suppress these hostilities, State troops were
called out, and General Jesup was ordered to take
command. He moved on the 12th June with
seven hundred and twenty volunteers, and was
joined by a brigade of Indians on the 14th and
17th, consisting of one thousand three hundred to
