1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
now spending. I hope, therefore, the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from New York will join
us with the magnanimity of the Senator from
Georgia, and strike out all these appropriations
for the assay office at New York, and X will fol-
low up this movement, when the present amend-
ment is adopted,as I suppose it will be, with the
motions that are necessary to relieve us of all this
expenditure.
Mr. PUGH. I shall vote for this amendment.
I think it is in furtherance of the policy just
adopted, and I think it would be a good idea to
extend it to the branch mint at New Orleans.
Thatwas established on the idea that we imported
gold and silver fiom Mexico. Now we get hardly
any from Mexico. We get it principally from
California, and hence that mint is unnecessary.
I am glad to see the Senate started right. I hope
we shall abolish this New York establishment,
for it is nothing but to spend public monSy; and i
then I hope the Senator from North Carolina will '
give the New Orleans mint a touch, and if he \
does not, I will. I shall vote for this; and if it is
not carried, I will vote to reconsider the other.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. It is done merely to spend
money at New York. It is not pretended that ;
any gold is found in New York, or tl;at the gold ;
which comes there cannot be taken to Philadel- j
phia and coined. I ask for the yeas and nays on j
this amendment. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
Mr. CAMERON. Perhaps it may seem nat- .
ural to some that I should be in favor of this
amendment, for 1 live in Pennsylvania, and am
proud of being a son of that State, and have some ;
pride in the Mint, at Philadelphia, which has been -
there since the existence of the Government. It i
has performed its duties to the country faithfully, I
cheaply, and honestly; and I think all these ad- I
ditional mints have been of no service to the coun-
try; but they are upon us, and I do not believe
in the sincerity of gentlemen who desire to make
these curtailments at present. If I believed there
was an intention in the Senate to curtail ail the
expenses of the mints, except at Philadelphia, I
should vote for the amendment at once, but I do
not believe that is going to be the lesult. I de- '
sire that the Mint in Philadelphia shall be there
permanently; that it shall continue to do what it i
lias done since the commencement of the Govern- j
ment, coin the money which is used in tlnscoun- ;
try, and it is capable of doing it. I think the es- .
tabhshment of an assay office in New York was
a mere trick to get a mint there. I believe all that 1
can be done by that assay office will be done
faithfully and cheaply by the Mint in Philadel-
phia. As the Senator from North Carolina has
justly said, there is but four hours'difference be-
tween Philadelphia and New Yoik. There is no
money saved by"coining the gold in New York
that will not be saved by having it done m Phil-
adelphia. But I am satisfied that it" you strike
this 'off, the next thing will be to spring up some
other amendment which will affect the Mint at
Philadelphia.
Mr. PCJGH. We will let that stand.
Mr. CAMERON. If I was satisfied of that,
I should vote with the gentleman; but I am
willing to let well enough alone. The mints
throughout the country are well enough as they
are; and I am not for disturbing them. They do
not cost much. The principal portion of the coin-
age of the country is done at Philadelphia; and
the great expenditure is there, so far as the ex-
penditure is faithful and honest. I think there is
a great deal of money wasted at New York; and
I am sure, if you were to abolish the Mint atPhil-
adelphia, and say that the whole coinage business
should be done at New York, it would not only
cost twice as much, but I think, in a few years,
ten times as much as it does now in Philadelphia.
The people of Philadelphia are an honest, careful,
industrious people; and they render proper ac-
counts, and proper vouchers for everything they
do. I do not doubt the integrity of the people of
New York; but they are a great people; they do
everything on a magnificent scale; and that which
costs you a dollar in Philadelphia, may cost a
hundred or a thousand dollars in New York. I
think it is better to let the Mint at Philadelphia
alone. If it had not been for the kindness of some
gentlemen here this morning, an amendment would
have been adopted which would effectually have
abolished that Mint, and taken it to New York;
because the gentlemen from NewYorkare quicker,
and, to use a common word in my country, smarter
than we are in Pennsylvania; and they bring for-
ward things which look a great deal further than
we in Pennsylvania think at first sight. They
always have a design in everything they do, be-
yond what they show. I think, if the amend-
ment to which I have alluded had been adopted
this morning, the effect wdtald have been to blot
out the Mint at Philadelphia, to abolish the mints
in California and at New Orleans, and all the
others, and concentrate them all in that magnifi-
cent city of New York, which aspires to be not
only the great commercial center of the country,
but the great political center that is to control all
the money, and all the politics, and all the busi-
ness of the country. I am perfectly willing that
they shall have an assay office, as they said they
intended to use it when they got the first appro-
priation, butlam not willing that they shall abol-
ish the first establishment which was set up in the
United States for coining money.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I assure my friend from
Pennsylvania that 1 have no disposition to strike
at Philadelphia. I think we ought to haveaMint
there, and ought to have one in California; and I
suppose they are the only ones we ought to have.
I had some doubts about the California mint; but
I think there is no excuse in the world for keep-
ing up this assay office in New York. It is merely
to catch the gold four hours sooner than it would
get into the Mint in Philadelphia. If the gold
which is obtained in Georgia and North Carolina
can wait to be coined several days, until it gets
up to Philadelphia, I am very sure that the gold
which comes to New York can waita few hours.
This expenditure was made at first just because
New York had thirty-four votes 111 the other
House. I was there, and I saw how it was man-
aged. There was a struggle for many years to
get It, and New York having a very large number
of members, and they working aboui and ma-
neuvering, voting for other gentlemen's bills and
helping things along, finally got this appropriation.
We were very full of money at that time; there
was a large surplus in the Treasury. There was
not a single man who pretended to say that the
gold could not be transported to Philadelphia and
brought back at the Government expense, for one
tenth the money we were spending; but it was
done because New York, being a small, poor
place, wanted to get something to improve the
town, and put up a handsome building. That is
the way things go there. I am perfectly consist-
ent. I say if you intend to act economically and
have no more mints than are actually necssary,
I will carry it out. Lotus, therefore,abolish this.
I am quite sure the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, the Senator from Illinois, and other gentle-
men, will now vote to abolish this assay office m
New Yoik, and then we will let Philadelphia
alone.
Mr. SEWARD Mr. President, I confess my-
self very much embanassed by the argument of
the honorable Senator from North Carolina. It
has been quite ineffectual to satisfy me that the
assay office m New York ought to be abolished;
while it has demonstrated to me that I was wrong
in voting to retain the mint in North Carolina—
for the honorable Senator says that he proposes
to abolish the mint in New Orleans, and that he
thinks there ought only to be a Mint in Philadel-
phia and in California.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I say on principles of
economy—looking to that alone.
Mr. SEWxVPvD. The honorable Senator now
amends his speech by saying, on principles of
economy alone. I have voted upon other grounds
for sustaining the mint in the State of North Car-
olina, though I confess I do not understand very
well the grounds on which 1 east that vote, except
that on previous occasions I had always voted m
the same way, and I desired to preserve a con-
sistent record, though the argument was growing
stronger against me continually.
Mr. Piesident, if the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, or any one else, thinks he can
wound or hurt anybody's feelings, or thinks he
will at all affect anybody's pride, or thinks he
will do the State of New York, or the city of New
York, or anybody in New York, any harm or
prejudice, I invite him to go ahead and abolish
the mint and other public institutions in the city
of New York, and we shall see how he will come
out in the long run. There is one place in .the
United States above all others where there ought
to be a mint; where, wherever commerce is left
to the working out of its own legitimate opera-
tions, it will be in preference to all other places;
and that is the city of New York, where it .can
be coined the most cheaply, and put into circular
tion at the smallest expense. There is now no
mint there; but there are mints elsewhere, where
there are no such necessities for them.
In my argument this morning upon the propo-
sition which was made by my colleague to au-
thorize coinage in the city of New York, at the
assay office, I showed that $20,000 a year of ex-
pense would be retrenched by the acceptance of
that amendment authorizing the assay office
coin money. The Senate has refused to do that.
That is §'20,000 of expense that the party main-
taining the policy of retrenchment, and balancing
between raising revenue and reducing the ex-
penses by retrenchment, has already committed
itself to. I will now show the honorable Sena-
tors how much more they will make by abolish-
ing the assay office in New York.
It is four years since the assay office was es-
tablished in New York, and since that time there
have been deposited at that office, $96,700,000 of
bullion; of which $92,200^00 were in gold and
$4,500,000 iu silver. Of these $92,000,000 of
gold, $01,000,000 have been stamped at the assay
office with the Government stamp, which gives it
a market value, as money, in foreign countries,
and sent abroad into circulation as bullion in bars.
If there had been no assay office there, it would
have been required to transport that to Phila-
delphia—that §>60,000,000—and have it stamped
there, and brought back again to New York to be
shipped ;'and whatever the risk and the expense
of transpMation would have been, that is the
amount wnich lias been saved by stamping it in
New York, instead of sending it abroad, to say
nothing of the risk of sending §60,000,000 of the
precious metals across a railroad by an irrespons-
ible express company that is incapable of guar-
antying the Government, and which necessarily
involves, therefore, insurance on the transporta-
tion.
Now, what is the cost of transporting $60,000,000
fiom New York to Philadelphia? It is just ex-
actly one dollar for every thousand of gold.
There is §00,000 which have been saved, to say
nothing of the risk. Now, then, there has been
§4,500,000 of silver received there;and that silver
has been sent to.Philadelphia to be coined, be-
cause it has not to be stamped. If that silver
could have been coined in New York, it would
have saved the expense of transportation; and
how much is that? The expense of transport-
ation of silver from New Yoik to Philadelphia,
for the puipose of putting it into the form of
money, is three dollars per $1,000, making
$13,500 on that item.
In the aggregate, then, there has been saved
$60,000 on the cold which was stamped as bul-
lion at the assay office; and there has been lost
one dollar upon every $1,000 of the $30,000,000
which have been transported to Philadelphia,
and back again, to be converted into coin. Then,
if you abolish the assay office, you will add to the
expenses of the Government just one dollar for
every $1,000 of gold which is received in the city
of New York to be put into bullion, or to be put
into coin.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him why it is that the Government pays the
expense of transportation to Philadelphia from
New York ? Why is it that the owner of the
gold does not pay it!
Mr. SEWARD. The Government receives the
gold for the purpose of having material to coin
and stamp and give it its value to maintain the
coinage system. It assumes to recehe deposits
in the"city of New York and San Francisco for
the purpose of coinage.
Mr. MASON. To enable the Senator to ex-
plain it fully, I would ask him if the assay office
at New York were abolished, would not the Gov-
ernment save the expense of carrying gold be-
tween the two cities, because the owner must take
gold to the Mint ?
' Mr. SEWARD. No, sir. If you take it away
it ufill cost just so much more to get it in kind.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not at all surprised at
the course winch the Senator from New York,
