1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
mended, and in pursuance of which, Congress
acted. General Jackson spoke of it as an unex-
ptcted outbreak, and suggested that private prop-
erty had been taken for public uses, and that it
ought to be paid for; to all of which 1 agree as
much as the gentleman from Alabama, or any
other gentleman here. There is no doubt about
that; and where private property was taken for
public uses, in this war, it has already been paid
for to the extent of the amount so found by the
commissioners who were appointed to investigate
these claims.
Weil, sir, under this recommendation of Gen-
eral Jackson, a commission was appointed by
the President, and Congress appropriated $5,000
to pay the commissioners, to go down into Ala-
bama and examine into these claims.
Nov/, the gentleman from Alabama seemed to
think that I made a mistake in stating that
&500,000 was appropriated to put down the Creek
Indians. I have the statute now before me, and
I find that on the 23d day of May, 1836, $500,000
was appropriated for that purpose, on these
terms:
£; Be if enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcricain Congress assembled. That
the sum of. oOU,UOO be, and the same is hereby, appropu-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
puated. to defray any expenses which have been, or may
be, incurred m suppieasing hostilities by the Creek Indians,
and by the calling out by the Piesideut of any part of the
militia ol the Cmted States, according to the provisions of
the Constitution and law."
That is all I need read upon that point, as I be-
lieve it establishes the assertion which I made;
but, as I said before, that $500,000 was a mere
drop in the bucket of the expense which this Gov-
ernment has been put to for this " no war." The
President appointed three commissioners, who
went to Alabama, took testimony, and made a
report upon these claims. I have their report
here. They were appointed at the instance of the
Representatives from Georgia and Alabama, and
I suppose were friendly to these claimants; and
they speak of it as a war. They say, in their re-
port, that although there was no formal declara-
tion of war, yet theie were all the evidences of
war, and a majority of the tribe were engaged in
it. It is known that when an Indian goes to war,
he does not issue a written proclamation. Not at
all; but his intention is made known by other
means, and such as are in keeping with their sav-
age natures. But the commissioners say that they
were instructed to ascertain what part of the losses
for which compensation was claimed occurred be-
fore the war, and what part duiing the war. For
that reason, it became necessary for them to in-
auire when the war commenced. They made the
inquiry, and they say in regard to that:
" It ib said that when an Indian takes the =rnlp of hi? vic-
tim. hn intention is to signify to his adversary a disposition
fo* war, if it docs not amount to an open declaration. It
was in pi oof, before the commissioneis, that an individual
(named Flournoy) was murdeiedand scalped on the 2d day
of May ; but the whole current of testimony went to estab-
lish the fact that a general concerted hostile movement did
not follow until the 9th."
But the gentleman tells you that there must be
a declaration of war. Well, now, how did the
war with Mexico occur " by the act of Mexico ?"
Was there any formal declaration? No, sir;
there never was: and, as a nation, we never de-
clared war against Mexico.
Well, sir, the disturbances caused these par-
ties, who now seek for indemnity, to flee from
their homes; and the consequence was that they
sustained great losses. I have no doubt of that.
They hadlo leave their property and theircrops;
and they brought claims against the Govern-
ment, filling a schedule occupying ma^yja^es,
and amounting m the aggregate to $1,27:2,722 30.
These claims, one thousand and three m number,
that were filed by these parties before the com-
missioners* and which this bill covers, as it is
row drawn, may be found in House Document
No. 327,Twenty-Fifth Congress, second Session.
The commissioners stated that they found that
manv of tlie o har^es made were outt\^cous,^tnd
ihoy out them down, allowing only &o49,120
hut thf-y did it arbitrarily. The claims that have
been established for goods and property taken
for the subsistence of the United States troops,
of which there was proof,_ have been paid.
There is general and nnct-rU'.in proof, however,
that propuity was taken, used* or^destroyed, by
"United States troops; but no ptooi that the prop-
erty of any particular individual was so used or
destroyed.
Mr. SHORTER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the letter of General
Jesup.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, I will come
to that letter. I wish to speak of it. In that letter
General Jesup states that at no time were more
than forty or fifty Indians engaged in hostilities.
Well, now, here are one thousand and three chiv-
alric Alabamians coming here and asking for over
twelve hundred thousand dollars because forty or
fifty Indians drove them from their homes, and to
be rewarded for their bravery!
But, sir, my time is passing rapidly away, and
I must hurry on. In 1837 the Legislature of Al-
abama sent a memorial to Congress. I have not
time to advert to it more than to say that in that
memorial they speak of this as a " war," and ask
Congress to appropriate money to recompense
those who sustained losses 14 during the war."
That memorial was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and a report was made by Ehsha Whit-
tlesey, rejecting the claims altogether. I have not
time to read that report; but it is to be found in
House Documents of the second session of the
Twenty-Fifth Congress, leport No. 932. When
the report of the commissioners, however, reached
Washington, it was communicated to Congress,
and was referred to the Committee of Claims. In
order to show whether this disturbance, as gen-
tlemen now call it, was regarded as a war, or not,
by those who sustained losses in it, I beg to call
attention to the language made use of by these
claimants in their memorial to Congress. They
say:
" That during the winter of 1834, the year 1833, and the
spiing of 1836, they became settlers of that part of Alabama
known as the Creek nation ; that, having purchased lands
of Government, or of tho?e who had puichased from the In-
dians according to treaty stipulations, they reasonably ex-
pected troveriimental protection, moie especially a?, by set-
tling among the Indians, carrying civilization among them,
and leducmg then* hunting grounds to tillage, the petition-
ers were eoiitnbutmg ii/effect tne humane and benevolent
puipo-es of Government, in causing the remnant of the
Creek nation to remove to their destined homes beyond the
Mississippi.
•"While your petitioner weie peaceably and industn-
ou-dy employed m improving then possessions, striving to
secuie to themselves that competency and alfiuence which
it is the pi oud prerogative of a free Government to eudianty
ro its industrious and peaceable citizens, and incidentally
coiitn'butmg to effect your policy, we wei« buddenly in-
volved m a ruinous and destructive war."
That is what these gentlemen say. They tell
you that they bought the lands, and ought to be
protected*, that they were carrying out the humane
policy of the Government—that of driving the In-
dians from their homes in Alabama. Well, now,
sir, I have not had time to inquire whether this
statement, that they bought their lands from the
Government, is true or not; but it seems that Mr.
Whittlesey, who made this report in 1838, took
the pains to make that inquiry at the General
Land Office. And how many of these one thou-
sand and three claimants who now ask us to ap-
propriate the money of the Government for their
benefit, purchased their lands of the Government?
Only seventeen or nineteen !
Mr. SHORTER, i ask the gentleman to read
the reply of the Commissioner at the time._ I re-
member to have read it; and my recollection is,
that he stated that it was utterly impossible to
tell who had purchased land and who had not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will, if
the gentleman wiSl refer me to the documents.
But let us see what Mr. Whittlesey says upon
this subject:
« The committee pent to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to asceuam how many of the petitioners had
purchased lands ot the I'mteil States, or had become the
propuetois of lands b\ purcnase oi* the Indians under treaty
stipulations.
u It appeals from a list of those who purchased land in
the United States within the j?tate of Alabama, and within
the district wheie th* depredations weie committed, that
nineteen of the petitioners were land proprietors b; pur-
chases made ot the United States. The Commissioner says
there is no evidence in his office that any or themjiecame
piopiietors by the purchase ot Indian leservatious.55
Heie are only nineteen, out of the one thousand
and three, who had actually purchased land. The
rest were squattors or trespassers in the Indian
country. InthisreportofMr. Whittlesey,in 1838,
he goes very fully into the question as to how far
tho^Government is bound to compensate for losses
which may have been sustainedaurin|awar,and
he quotes precedents to show that the Government
had refused to make compensation for property
destroyed by the Indians in time of war.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in the principle which it
is sought to establish by this bill, probably my dis-
trict has more interest than that of any gentleman
on this floor. It was the seat of the Black HaVk
war. Nearly all the battles which were- fought
durinjyhat war were fought within the limits of
of nvPaistrict.. The inhabitants of my district
turned out to suppress the hostilities of those In-
dians almost to a man, and they sustained losses
certainly as great as those sustained by tlie citi-
zens of Alabama in the Creek war.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. If the gentleman will
allow me, I simply want to say that he must ad-
mit that in that war a great many 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand what the gentleman is going to say. I ad-
mit that while the war was going on in my dis-
trict a great many "succors, a great many men
from Illinois, came up thereto help us and fought
bravely. Particularly bravely did they fight on
their way up to Wisconsin, at the desperate en-
counter at Sycamore creek. It was a good war.
It answered a noble purpose, not only in sup-
pressing the Indian hostilities and promoting the
! cause of civilization, but in making a great many
1 great men, heroes, statesmen, senators, and em-
bassadors, [laughter.] Well, sir, the people of
my district, tjje people in the district of my friend
from Illinois, and of other districts, being inter-^
ested, they sent here a petition asking to be com-
pensated for losses sustained in the Black Hawk
war. That petition was examined and reported
upon in 1838; and what do the committee say?
Now, this Black Hawk war was no more a
war than the Creek war, because only a portion
of the tribe were engaged in it. The larger por-
tion of the tribe under their chief, Keokuk, re-
mained on terms of amity with the United States
on the west side of the Mississippi river, i ad-
mit that a portion of the Creek Indians also re-
mained friendly. But who ever heard that because
Keokuk and a large part of the tribe of Sacs and
Foxes remained at amity with us, therefore there
was no war? It was a very sharp war, and there
was some as desperate fighting m it as is often
met with, either in civilized or savage warfare.
Mr. Whittlesey, in making his report on the
Black Hawk memorial, says:
" The committee, on the 10th of January, 1838, reported
against allowing compensation to the sufferers From the
depredations ot the Sac and Fox Indians in Illinois in 1832,
(See Jlepoi t^ of Com. 2d sess, 35th Congress, No. 351.) In
that repoit the committee bay: £ These losses were inci-
dent to a state of war with savage tribes on the western
frontier. They bear oppressively on settlers exposed to the
unrestrained revenge of the Indians; but it has notbeenthe
practice of the Government to remunerate for such losses;
and it may be doubted whethei it is within the constitu-
tional powers of the Government to do it. No part of the
property was in the service of the United States, and they
aie not the insurers of the property of their citizens agaiast
savage aggression; nor dgauibt the aggression of civilized
nations.
" The destruction of the property of our citizens on the
frontier by a tribe of Indians may be good cause of our going
to vrdJ, dnd so may the capiuie of oar vessels on the ocean
be a good cause of war against the nation whose subjects
have thusdssregardedtheir moral, social, and national obli-
gations ; but m neither case has the sufferer a claim on the
United States.
"The committee regret the losses the claimants have
sustained, but tiiey are similar to those sustained by others
on the frontiers, as settlements ftnd civilization have ex-
tended. westward from the Atlantic coast."
Now, sir, in 1854, on the 10th of June, another
report was made upon these Black Hawk claims
by the Committee of Indian Affairs in this House,
of which the present Speaker of the House was
chairman. The following is the report then made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin pardon me a moment.
I will state that many of ray constituents who had
been engaged in the Black Hawk war, were writ-
ing continually to me in regard to these claims;
and that I introduced into the House a resolution
inquiring into the propriety of legislation in re-
gard to paying those persons who had lost their
! property in that war. The report made upon that
is the one to which the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin now refers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Very well.
[ That report is as follows:
Mr. Orr, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, made the
following report:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
a resolution instructing them to inquire into the expediency
of passing a law providing l'or a settlement of the claims
growing out of depredation® committed by the Indians in
