1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22.
and gentlemen upon the other side of the Cham-
ber pursue m this case. It is but a few minutes
since they voted to cut down the salaries, or abol-
ish the salaries and expenses of keeping up the
little mints at Dahlonega, in Georgia, and Char-
lotte, in North Carolina. They talked about
economy, and saving these small sums for the
Government. It was very important then to the
Government to save the expenses of these two
branch mints in those two cities. But now, when
a proposition is offered* to save a large amount of
the expenses of the Government by abolishing
the assay office in New York, gentlemen think it
is a .very different question. The circumstances
being altered, it alters the case. It is the old fable
of the bull and the ox, and nothing more. The
branch mints at Dahlonega and Charlotte were
established many years ago for the convenience
and interest of the poorer classes in those States,
and the surrounding country, who were working
in the gold mines in that region.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to inteirupt him ?
Mr. 1VERSON. For what purpose?
Mr. SEWARD. Simply to make an expla-
nation.
Mr. JVERSON. The Senator from New York
can have an opportunity of making an explana-
tion after I get through.
Mr. SEWARD. I simply appeal to the hon-
orable Senator to allow me to suggest to him that
he is inflicting severe chastisement upon me for
voting in favor of his proposition. I voted with
him against striking out those branch mints.
Mr. IVERSON. Then so far as the honora-
ble Senator is concerned, I make the amende hon-
orable, and take back all that I said. 1 take it for
granted that other Senators who usually vote
with him, will vote against this proposition. 1
desire to ask the Senator from New Hampshire
if he will vote for this amendment to strike out
the assay office at New York?
Mr. HALE. I can tell better after I have heard
the Senator's argument. [Laughter.]
Mr. IVERSON. Well, sir, 1 have only this
to say: these branch mints were established in
North Carolina and Georgia, not for the purpose
of making money to the Government, but for the
convenience and necessity of those who mined m
that region. It was for the benefit of the poorer
classes. The persons who generally mined in
Noi th Carolina and Georgia, were poor men, who
went into these branch mines, or surface mines,
and opeiated for their individual profit. If they
did not havea branch mmtin their neighborhood,
to get the gold coined, they would be compelled
to send it, at a vast expense, to the Mint at Phil-
adelphia, New York, or elsewhere, or to sell it
at a sacrifice in their neighborhood, to specula-
tors and capitalists. They were not established
for the purpose of making money, but for" the
purpose of promo ling the interest and convenience
of those poorer classes who mined in that par-
ticular region.
The assay office in New York was established
for the benefit of the rich; for the benefit of the
fireat speculator, William B. Astor, Divxel &
Company, and other enormous capitalists, in
N'-w Voi k and elsewhere, who had a large amount
of shipments ofgolil from California sent to them.
The assay office was established for their benefit
in order that they might avoid the expense of
taking it to Philadelphia and hack. When we
propose to cut down the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment by taking away thisexpendimre at New
Yoik, the {Senator from New York rises and gives
as a reason why we should not do it, that it costs
so much to take the gold to Philadelphia and
buck. Who is better prepared to pay the expense
of that transportation than these millionaires for
whom the Senator from New York would legis-
late? Sir, I think it is a fair subject for theprun-
jng-kmfe to cut down the expenses of the Gov-
ernment there, when these sums aie expended for
the benefit of rich men who can very well afford
to take then* gold to Philadelphia and have it
coined and brought back to New York for ship-
ment. But when we come to the poor people of
Carolina and Georgia, in the immediate neigh-
boihood of the branch mints there; when we pro-
pose to have this small expense of six or eight
thousand dollars a yearexpended for their benefit,
to save them the expense of sending their gold to
New York or sacrificing it, Senators say that
there is no necessity for it; that the expenses of
the Government are enormous, and, therefore,
we must use the pruning knife in this poor pitiful
manner.
Sir, I hope the Senate will adopt this amend-
ment. 1 voted against the motion to strike out
the expenses of the mints at Dahlonega and Char-
lotte, in North Carolina. I thought it was just
and proper that the Government should encounter
some expense for the benefit of the poorer classes
interested in those branch mints; but, inasmuch
as Senators on the other side*have manifested so
much zeal in favor of retrenchment and curtail-
ment of expenditures, I hope that they will pursue
the example so generously set, and will cut down
the expenses of the assay mint in New York. At
any rate, following their example, Ivshall vote
for it. i
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to say a single 1
word in reply to the Senator from New York. I ;
was very much surprised by the course of his re-
marks. I think this is a mere matter of dollars j
and cents. A gentleman on the other side ef the j
Chamber proposed to strike out the appropriation j
for the mintsatDahlonegaand Charlotte, because |
he said, the gold could be transported to the Mint, '
and coined for less, at Philadelphia. In remark- \
ingupon that proposition, I happened to allude !
to the assay office in New York, and the Senator i
from New York seems to take it in high dudgeon. I
He rose with an air of offended dignity, and spoke I
of my assailing New York, and how little I would '
make by assailing that great State. It is extraor- j
dinary that we cannot save a little money ex- j
ponded in that way, but that the representatives of ;
the State bristle up against it. lie tells us that it ;
costs about one dollar in a thousand to transport j
the gold from New York to Philadelphia, if it ,
costs them that much, I would like to know how j
much it would cost to transport it from Dahlonega i
or Charlotte to Philadelphia ? It would cost ten ;
times as much, 1 have no doubt; and yet, accord- 1
ing to the arguments of Senators, it is a hardship j
up« n New York to bear this small expenditure; :
but it is perfectly proper when applied in the
other section. 1 wish to^scp some consistency in
this! matter; and I tell the Senatorfurther, if this ;
motion prevails, 1 will move to abolish the sala-1
rirs, and strike out the appropriation for the cus- ,
torn-house at Albany, 'lhere is no need upon
earth for a custom-house there. Goods must ;
either go by New York up the Hudson, or by ;
Boston, or some point on the fiontier. Why
they should keep a custom-house, and salaried
officers in Albany, in his own State, I do not
know. I suppose if I were to offer such an amend- '
ment, it would be said that it was an offense to ;
the State. I deemed it right to say thus much, i
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President,! think this is ,
a very strange exhibition. We have been talking j
during the whole session about economy and re- i
trencliment. The necessity of retrenchment and
economy has certainly been manifest to us every-'
where. What have we done here to-day to ex-
cite all this emotion, all this talk about poor men j
in the Carohnas and Georgia, and the aristocrats 1
in New York'* We find m the bill before us a
proposition to appropriate $12,000 for officers to j
superintend a few workmen that receive $5,400. 1
It is plain to every one in this Senate that these ;
officers are unnecessary, and that, in the present ;
condition of the Treasury of the country, they
ought to be abandoned. I say with the Senator ■
from New Hampshire, were they in the town in i
which I live, 1 would go for their abandonment. ;
I do not give a vote to abandon them because they !
are in Carolina and Georgia. On the contrary, if i
there was any reason why I had any reluctance !
to do so, it was because they were there, and !
1 saw that there was some feeling on the sub- j
ject. j
Now, sir, having carried that amendment, which
is to be a permanent reduction of the expenses of !
this Government, having performed one practical ,
act of retrenchment, we are met here with a prop- '
osition to abolish the assay office in New York.
I care nothing about that office. It has been
shown here by the Senator from New York that
it performs a vast amount of labor for the accom-
modation of the country. I wish we had never >
established any offices for this purpose, excepting |
those at Philadelphia and at San Francisco; but- i
looking at the condition of things before the coun-
try, it seems to me that we had better retain the '
offices at New York, New Orleans, San Francis-
co, and Philadelphia.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr.CLINGMAN. If we aresinkingand losing
money, as is clearly shown, by keeping up the
assay office, what is there in the condition of the
country that requires us to lose that money at
New York more than anywhere else? Here is an
annual appropriation of nearly one hundred thou-
sand dollars which could be saved by abolishing
this assay office.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, New York is
j the great commercial point nf this country. It is
i the place were millions upon millions annually
j go; and that is some reason,at any rate, why this
j office should exist there. If the proposition was
| to estdbjish an assay office there now, in the pres-
| entcondition of the country, I certainly would not
vote for it; but as it has been established, as it has
accomplished much for the accommodation of the
country, I would keep it there. If we were act-
ing upon this subject as an original question, I
would say the mint should be at New York, where
the mint ought to be; and there should be a mint
a^San Francisco, on the Pacific ocean, where a
mint ought to be; and I would let New Orleans,
and Philadelphia, and all other places, go there
for their coinage; for they are the great commer-
cial points of the country,and they would accom-
modate the whole country.
I have found, through this whole session, that
whenever a practical proposition has been made
to reduce the expenditures, we have had opposi-
tion from some quarter; and when we have suc-
ceeded in making a reduction, we have had exhi-
bitions of feeling which struck at something else.
Now, wc ought to be practical in this matter. I
think we ought to vote to ieduce all unnecessary
expenditures. I have given my vote for the prop-
osition striking out these small branch mints. I
would have been willing to reduce the expendi-
tures there, or to have retained them, if it would
have done, any good; but certainly it must be
manifest to everybody that the permanent good
of the country requires the abandonment of those
two offices, which were established under pecu-
liar circumstances.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to ask the
Senator, before he took his geat, one question.
In replv to the question 1 put to-lum, he said that
New York was a gieat point, a great center. Is
that any reason why we should waste money on
it? We pay a considerable amount, I believe,
for the rent of the buildings; I think they are
merely rented; but even if they belong to us, we
could sell them and get the money for them, and
save nearly one hundred thousand dollars in sal-
aries. Now I submit to him, when we can do
that, had we not better save it ? There is no rea-
son assigned against it, except that New York is
a great point, a great center.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the Sector
from Massachusetts says wc ought to look at this
as a practical question; I agree with him. We
ought to look at it practically, and look at it with
regard to the effect it isgoing to have on the coun-
try. We may all be in favor of the reduction of,
and a reform m, the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment; but we have a saying up in the country
where 1 live, that foolish people save at the spigot
and let it run at the bunghole. This saving in
this small way, is a very small business. I be-
lieved originally that the Mint at Philadelphia
could do all the business that was required of it;
but the Congress of the United States thought
proper to establish mints at several other places,
for the purpose of benefiting the local business,
and the local interests of those neighborhoods.
The commercial people of the country thought it
was necessary to have what they called an assay
office at New York, which I supposed, at the
time, was merely a place of deposit for the gold
which should come into the country. New York
is a large city, the largest in the country, and
probably more infested by dangerous people than
any other city in the world.. Men coming from
California and other places with gold were always
in danger of losing the money they had about
them. They could not wait to carry it to a safe
place in Philadelphia, but they required some
place in New York, in which it could be taken
care of during the night. That was all that was
