1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
That is all
Whatever may have been the exact condition, | committed by Indians upon the property of citi-
technicnlly, about that beingan Indian war, I am j| zens out of the National Treasury. It is simply a
not particular about; it is the same state of things ;] recognition of that well-settled principle of the
which has existed everywhere upon our frontier j1 common law, that this Government may make
settlements immediately preceding a general out- j[ reclamation upon foreign nations for property of
brtak of hos'ilities, during which property is ' ~ .....
destroyed and lives lost, perhaps on both sides;
and I do not think the Government lias ever, in
any one instance, recognized its liability to make
compensation for property so destroyed.
The question I ask is not whether the claims
of these citizens of Alabama ar.d Georgia may
not be intrinsically good upon principles of jus-
tice and equity; but it is, shall the same rule of
justice, shall the same measure of right which
has, by the settled policy of the Government,
been meted out alike to every portion of the
' country, be applied to this case? That seems to
be the plain question. If it is not, I do not un-
derstand it. _ _ i
This case, as I understand it, is briefly this: i
By the treaty of 1825, tins tribe was to move west •
of the Mississippi. They ceded their lands for
an equal number of acres west of the Mississippi, ,
with the reservation that such portion of the tribe I
as did not choose to remove might remain, and i
have granted to them a certain tract in fee simple, 1
to reside upon or sell, as they might see fit. Upon '•
that treaty being carried into execution, the lands
adjacent were brought into market, and the set-
tlements commenced on the part of the whites.
In many instances, the Indians sold out their res-
ervations. There was a special provision in the :
treaty that the Indians should not be compelled 1
to remove. They were there tipon the soil on .
which they were born, where were the graves of i
their fathers; they were where they had a right to j
be by any express stipulation of the treaty made ;
between them and the Government of the United 1
States. While they were there, the increase of the ;
white population occasioned collisions between ;
them and the white settlers, it may have been at
first because of their necessities, it may have been
because of theirunthrift, itmay have been because
our citizens destroyed by Indians
there is of it.
If any gentleman will explain to me how it is
that citizens of Alabama and Georgia have any
overclaim than that which may be set up by the
citizens of any other frontier State, then I will
thank him exceedingly to point it out. There
were large reservations in Ohio. The Indians
were there when I settled in that State; and if any
collision ensued between the Indians arid the cit-
izens of the State, they never dreamed of apply-
ing to the Government of the United States for
pay out of the national Treasury. If they did
not come within the provisions of the act of 1834,
and did notget indemnity through the instrument-
ality ofthqCnmmissioner of Indian Affairs, every-
body understood that the claims were at an end.
It is not pretended that these citizens of Alabama
and Georgia come within the provisions of the
act of 1834. Those Indians were not making dep-
redations within Indian territory, within the con-
templation of that act And I trust gentlemen will
understand that this is ail there is in controversy
in the bill now before the committee; because, let
it be understood, so far as there is any claim set
up here in.favor of making compensation to citi-
zens of Alabama and Georgia for property taken
for the support of our troops, under the author-
ity of our officers, that has long since been al-
lowed and paid. There is no controversy about
that; it is provided for under the law of 181G; it
has been paid to the amount of $25,000. _ i
Well, if Congress intends now to establish a >
new principle: if it is intended to open the door \
for all persons who have had property destroyed ;
| by the Indians upon the frontiers, either in time ;
I of peace or in time of war, and who are notable j
; to bring themselves within the provisions of the *
   j j act, and have their compensation deducted fiom ;
they were starved; but from whatever cause, the | j the Indian annuities, and allow them the right to
same collisions occurred which always occur upon
the frontiers, upon white settlements, by which
property is destroyed.
I pray you, then, what is there in this more
than has happened in every instance where In-
dian territory has been ceded to the Government,
and the settlement upon the ceded territory by a
white population has followed? If there is any-
thing m the case beyond that, it passes my com-
prehension. It is claimed by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] and by the Commit-
tee on"Indian Affairs, that these parties came some-
how within the equity of the law of 1834. if I
understand the object of that law, it is to make
such provision for the white settlements as may
become necessary, and to remove the Indians
who have ceded their territory, to a newer portion
'of the country, where their lands are to be located.
It provides that if any Indian, wlnlein process of
removal, belonging to any tribe with which the
United States are on teims of amity, destroj's
property, that property shall be paid for out of
the annuities reserved to be paid to that tribe of
Indians. What is the principle upon which that
law is based ? It is that when the property of our
come here and ask reimbursement from Congress, ,
let us know it; for we have a good many claims
of that nature in my State, and there are others j
in other States of, the Confederacy. \
Mr. CURTIS. 1 do not wish to makeaspeech j
upon this case; but I wish all the facts and all ;
usages understood. 1 understand a custom has •
grown up in the Indian territories of indemnify- i
ing pel-sous who have lost property in this way;
where there is a treaty between the Government
and the Indian tribes, the claimants may have ,
their damages deducted, through the Indian agent,
from the Indian annuities. That seems to recog-
nize the equity of the law of 1834; but it operates
partially, because it extends to cases where there
are treaties.
Mr. STANTON. That is precissly what I
have been asserting.
Mr. CURTIS. The argument is that it opens
the door too wide.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir; to the amount of
millions.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Do I understand
that it is an uncontradicted fact that, so far as
these States have claims for property used for the
citizens is destroyed by the subjects of a foreign J support of the troops oi the United States, they
Government, then that foreign Government must ,| have been settled?
make reparation to the injured citizens. If the 11 Mr. STANTON. Thoy _have been adjusted
loss be by a foreign Power, the citizen makes l< and paid, under the act of 1Mb.
daint to his Government, and asks for a re- [ Mr. SI'KVVAIi I, of Maryland. I wanted to
com pi   -
imbursenient for property so destroyed. But m
this instance, inasmuch as these Indian nations
are our cieditors, inasmuch as we are indebted to
them, under treaty stipulations, for annuiti< s pe-
riodically due, we agree to take out of those annu-
ities the amounts due to our citizens for property
so destroyed. To entitle a party to the benefits
of the provisions of that act, he'must make his
complaint before the superintendent of Indian
affairs, and mike proof of the amount of loss;
anil upon the pioof being returned, the superin-
tendent, of Indian ailairs makes a deduction of
that amount from the sum due to the Indian tiibe^s
That is the principle upon w
goes.
call the attention of the gentltmen who advocate
these claims to the fact. I did not so understand
it from the report.
Mr. STANTON. Gentlemen will find, from
the documents before us, that the law of 1837-38,
schedule " A." covers that description of losses.
Mr. WOODSON. Schedule "A" is not at all
applicable to the claims now before the House.
Mr. STANTON. I understand from She gen-
tlemen who made this report, that ad the claims
for property taken by the officers of the Army,
for the support of the troops, have been paid.
' "  ~    I assert that thev have not
     . Mr. WOODSON.
Inch that act of 1834 ; been paid, and the testimony of the officers ttiem-
■ selves shows a good reason why they could no^t
It was never intended by that act to recosmze ; have been settled—that no account was kept of
the principle that the ^cromentofthe j 0nP t!un, u cle,r; u.atthe
Suites was under any obligation, U-^u or mown, ,, ^
to make good the depredation and spoliations 'i law of ls!6 maKes aoundant pioviMon foi
settlement by the Department, upon satisfactory
proof; and there is no occasion for a special law
for damasres of that character.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understand that the com-
missioners appointed to ascertain these claims
reported the amount which came within the' law
of 18M, and inquired of one of the gentlemen
whether that schedule "A" had not been paid;
and he answered most emphatically that it had.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It did not cover the claims
of this character.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I said the commissioners
reported the claims in that schedule, and that that
schedule was paid.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the law of 1816
only recognizes the liability of the United States
to pay for property appropriated under the rules
of war—taken under the authority of some com-
manding officer. I do not understand that if a
soldier robs a smoke-house or a hen-roost, the
United States is liable for the property so taken.
Mr. LEITER. As 1 understand it, theiawx>f
1816 applied exclusively to the war with Great
Biitain.
M r. STANTON. The law has been repeat-
edly extended to subsequent wars. The princi-
ple has been recognized, and there is no difficulty
about it.
Now, do gentlemen expect to say that what-
ever may have been appropriated or destroyed by
a soldier in the^ervice of United States, without
the consent of his officer, and notaccording to the
rules of law—a mere burglary, or an arson, or
a larceny, is it to be compensated for by the Gov-
ernment? I take it for granted no man will claim
that the Government is bound to make good the
larcenies committed by any person in its employ-
ment.
Mr. LEITER. As I understand the rules and
laws, the doctiine is that where the Government
of the United States, by its officers, sends out for-
aging parties, and they seize the property of cit-
izens, the Government is liable.
Mr. STANTON. Undoubtedly. Thereisno
question about that. If an officer is charged with
levying contributions on the surrounding coun-
try, and does so under orders, it is the act of the
Government, and the Government is responsible
for it.
That is all .there is in the case as I understand
| it. If you pass this bill and make compensation
i to the citizens of Alabama and Georgia, outside
- of the principles recognized by the generallaws,
or by any former act of Congress, I confess I do
not see that there is any limitation to the effect of
it; and although it may be tiue that the gentle-
men from Alabamannd Georgia may now puttheir
| limitations on this bill—that the whole amount
^ payable under it shall not exceed $349,000; and
although they may assent to that in good faith,
i; and observe "it so long as they remain here; yet,
'j if you recognize the principle that this Govern-
ment is liable, I should like to know how you
'j would resist a claim that they had not received
'i then-full compensation, and a demand that further
I' proof should be taken as to the value of their
ipropei ty destroyed ? The whole of this $1,200,000
; would be claimed, and have to be paid. That is
1 my experience of the way that things work. If
claimants can only ffet in a little bill for one thou-
sand or one thousand five hundred dollars, then
the principle is recognized. _ Congress cannotgo
back of it j and claimants will then go on and, by
virtue of that principle, will plunder the Treasury
to the amount of a million or two. That is the
: way these things are always done. I think, my-
self, that this bill sets a very dangerous prece-
, dent. I think it is a very important bill, and I
■ hope the committee and the House will be very
careful how they pass it. I regret exceedingly
that any thing of a sectional or party feeling has
bern alio wed to enter into it.
Mr. LEITER obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. DAVIDSON, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Clay having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, MiCShebman, of Ohio, reported that the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar had had under consideration the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 367) to provide
for the examination and payment of certain claims
,i of citizens of Georgia and Alabama, on account
