1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
modifies of commerce. Now, if an assay office
has any purpose in the world, it is that the Gov-
ernment shall ascertain the fineness of the metal,
be it silver or gold-^what are called the precious,
metals—by the chemical agencies used for that
purpose,^nd to fix the Government stamp upon
it, to fix its fineness, notas money, but to go into
commerce. I ask that Senator then, or any other,
when the Constitution gives to Congress the
£ower to coin money, where they find at the same,
time the power by "the Government stamp to fix
the commercial value, and the commercial value
alone? That is the point.
Mr. KING. If a constitutional question of va-
lidity were.interposed, I certainly would be in-
clined to treat it with great respect. I will say
here, thatjhe constitutional scruples about which
I have heard so much, and which were often in-
terposed, as " Virginia abstractions" were scru-
ples, which I had always great respect for; and I
wish they had now more influence and weight in
both branches of Congress than they have. I
wish we were careful, both in the levying and
collecting of money, and in its expenditure, in
regarding the objects to which this Government
was limited by the Constitution. So far as regards
any intimation of the Senator from Virginia, that
I should be disposed to look upon a constitutional
objection as one that ought not to have much
weight, it is not so with me. But in this matter
the very power to coin money is to coin it out of
the metals. 1 had very little respect for that sort
of legislation, which undertook to coin money
out of paper, as they did at one time; but to coin
money and to stamp it, it is requisite that you
should refine it. It is absolutely necessat y that
this stamp which is placed upon the metal should
be one of truth, of genuineness; and in order that
that should be so, it is necessary that the metal
should be refined so as touring it all to a common
standard; and when you have brought it to that
standard, you stamp it. A stamp placed upon
metal, winch should not be true in point of fact;
a stamp placed upon metal of one fineness or
another fineness, would not answer the purpose.
There is an absolute necessity for the refinement
of the metal before you shall put a stamp on it, and
the metal should be stamped where yon refine it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The Senator has not answered
the objection. You must certainly refine the
metal before you coin it; but the object of the
a&say office is to refine it, and put a mark upon
it to show its fineness, and not to coin it. They
have no power to coin it.
Mr. KING. I have proposed to remedy that
to- day.
Mr. MASON. That is another thing. The
assay office is to ascertain the fineness of the
metal and stamp it—for what put pose? That
when it is used in commerce its commercial value
is known by the stamp of the Government, and
it pusses as commercial commodity—nothing
more. Although the true way to com money is
first to refine the metal and bring it to the stand-
ard fixed by law, yet it docs by no means follow
that bccause you must refine the metal in order
to coin, you have power to refine it when you do
not intend to com it; when it is not refined for
the purpose of being coined, but for the purpose
of fixing Us commercial value.
Air. BAYAIIO. Mr. President I will not de-
tain the Senate, at this late hour of the evening,
in attempting to argue further the question of the
constitutionality of this law. I suggested it as a
doubtful matter in my mind,and the more I think
of it the more that doubt increases, whether Con-
gress can, under the power given them by the
Constitution to coin money and regulate its value,
establish an assay office which is not intended to
coin money, nor to be assistant to coming money.
( can perfectly understand that you can establish
a mint to coin money, and have a right in that
mint to refine it. You must have an assay office
connected with the mint for the purposes of the
mint; but if you establish an assay office sepa-
rately, for the mere purpose of converting gold
i:jr<> bullion, as an article of commerce, under
wli it law of the Federal Constitution do you find
;h#5 power? I am unable to see rt. I might be
enlightened by farther argument, but I doubt it.
Then I turn to the question of expediency. I .
have been unable to see, on the point of expedi-
ency or the general necessities of the community,
the necessity for this office, because the object of
giving the power to Congress of coining money
was, that the people of the United States, whether
merchants or not, should have a general currency;
the object was to control the currency of the coun-
try. It may have been departed from in other
respects. We may, unfortunately, not have ad-
hered enough to the Constitution in requiring the
currency of this country to be solely the com of
the United States; but that is no argument against
what the intent of the Constitution is. The Con-
stitution authorizes you to coin money, and that
is the sole power under which you could estab-
lish mints'/and the general purpose of currency
is the only legitimate purpose for which you could
establish them; not for the mere purpose of com-
merce outside of that, in order to convert gold
dust into bullion as an artic& of commerce alone,
not to be used as money, not as currency, not to
be circulated as money. I am perfectly willing
to foster commerce by ail legitimate means, but
I am not willing to use a doubtful constitutional
power for the purposes of commerce.
Nor do I sec the necessity of it. You have a
Mint where you can coin money, where you can
refine it arid as^ay it, in the first instance, in
Philadelphia. You have one in San Francisco,
the great gold-producing portion of the country.
You had them before you established this assay
office. You have one in New Orleans, which, m
an extensive country like ours, may be requisite;
but where is the necessity for this establishment
at New York? You do not desire to convert for-
eign coins into the coins of this country. Your
assay office is not needed for that purpose. There
' is no necessity, therefore, as there might have
[ boon formerly, before the discovery of gold in
, California, when the supply of money for the pur-
pose of coinage might raise the necessity of your
obtaining the coins of other countries, in order to
convert them into the coin of your own country
for circulation among the masses of the people.
There might have been some excuse for that then.
There is no reason for it now. We have the gold
dust, when refined, sufficient to produce any
amount of coins you may want. The object of
this law establishing an assay office, in addition
to that, is not to coin money for the circulation
and currency of the country, but to convert gold
i dust into bullion as an article of commerce, and
that alone. Now, sir, I cannot see the warrant,
and I do not see the necessity of that.
Allow me to say on this constitutional question
that it certainly has this sanction: until the year
1854, or 1852 certainly, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States established no separate assay office
under that power given them to coin money and
regulate its value. They did establish mints—
they may have been unnecessary—at Dahlonega,
and at other points. The power unquestionably
existed to establish mints under the Constitution;
but after sixty years of our existence had elasped,
and then on an appropriation bill, you just find
the power to establish an assay office, the object
of which is not at all to coin money, but simply
to convert gold dust into bullion for the facility
of commerce, not for the circulation of the coun-
ty*.
Sir, if there were time, I would like to pursue
this question a little further. It has sprung upon
me only during the course of this discussion. I
have a strong conviction, apart from the consti-
tutional question, that there is no necessity for
the establishment of this assay office at New
York as regards the general currency of the coun-
try and as regards the necessity of the whole peo-
ple of the country, and that you have no right, m
the present state of the Treasury at any late, in-
dependent of the constitutional objection, to make
these expenses merely for the accommodation of
a particular class of individuals, those who deal !
in bullion, by incurring an expense of §100,000 :
or more in this establishment at New York. That'
is the reason upon which I base my vote.
Mr. STUART. 1 do not rise for the purpose
of discussing this amendment; the subject has ,
been one passed upon by the Senate; but with 1
great respect to ask the Senate to dispose of this 1
bill to-day, because there are several important ■
public measures, some of which I have reported !
from the committee of which I am chairman, that;
ought to be acted on, and unless we get rid of the
appropriation bills and get them out of the way,
we shall certainly not have an opportunity to act
upon them.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not intend to discuss, at
length, this Constitutional question, which comes
so late. It is five year's since we established an
assay office at San Francisco to ascertain the value
of the gold delivered there by the merchants for
the purpose of being transported to the Mint to
be coined. We have since established one in
New York. What is an assay office? It is the
office of an assayer. What is the function of an
assayer? He is an officer of the Mint for the due
trial of silver, appointed between the master of
the Mint and the merchants that bring silver there
for exchange. Then the Government of the Uni-
ted States is charged with the responsibility of
coining money and regulating the value thereof.
It is impossible for it to com money until it first
regulates its value, and it is impossible for it to
regulate the value of money unless it has an assay
office where it can also receive and sramp and
mark, and ascertain the value of the gold which is
uncoined and which is to remain uncoined but
which goes into the trade as silver. If it be possi-
ble to separate the act of coim-ng from the act of
assaying1, then it is possible to establish the one
in Philadelphia and locate the o'thenn New Yoi k.
This is one answer. The other is thai bullion is
money, for money is nothing else but the precious
metals, whose value is ascertained and stamped
by th£ Government, for the purpose of regulating
trade and exchange. Com, in a general sense,
and bullion, are the same; that is, they are not
identical, but both aie money. Bullion is coin,
and coin is money.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
ask him, is it necessary, in fixing the value of
coin, to fix its weight ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON". Does not the law of the United
States, which fixes the relative value of gold and
silver, fix the weight as well as the quality of
fineness to be in it?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. Very well; then I ask, for any
purpose of the Government in ascertaining the
value of the metal, whether they should ascertain
the weight also ?
i\#r. SEWARD. I answer, yes, sir; and that
they fix the value of the bullion made of gold and
silver, and stamp it at the Mint.
Air. MASON. Then they fix the value by
weight. They do nothiog more than fix the
money value. The money value is not to circu-
late as coin. The Senator may present it in any
ingenious form he can, but he will not say, and
cannot be brought to say, that within the mean-
ing of the Constitution, or m a mercantile mean-
ing, it is anything more than coin, and that coin
is anything in the world but so much of the pre-
cious metals as the law ascertains, to be called by
certain names, and which has a prescribed Gov-
ernment stamp upon it, winch is the coinage; the
stamp is evidently the coinage, and that alone is
money. Now, bullion is amercantile commodity
and nothing else.
Mr. SEWARD. It is money.
Air. MASON. Certainly not. Money is a
mercantile commodity when it ceases to be money,
and no longer. Bullion, as he calls it, is then
nothing more than the metal refined, with the
Government stamp upon it. That holds the same
relation in commerce under that stamp that a
barrel of flour, raised in his State, or a hogshead
of tobacco, raised in mine, holds m commerce
when it has the inspector's stamp in the oase of
the flour, or the inspector's stamp m the case of
the tobacco, and nothing more.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Air. HUNTER. I hope not. Let us go through
with the bill.
Mr. POLK and Air. HUNTER called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS— Bf.'JI, Camcion, Chandler, Claik, JDixon,
Doohttle, Dmkee, Fo^emlen, PI tie, Hamlin, U<u!an, King,
PujjIi, Seward, Simmons, Tiumbuli, Wade, and Wilson
—ie.
NAYS—Messrs. Bay.iM, Bright, Brown, Ches-
nut. Chnanun. OtiUenucn, Davis, Doiujla*, Fitch, Poster,
Green, Gwm. Hour-ron, Hunter, Xvcrson. John>on of Aik-
.'UKa^ Johnson of Termcs-scc, Lane, Mason. Pol'c, Reid,
Rice, Sebastian, Smith, Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
