140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
route indicated, and to the Red River of the North,
are already under construction, and they will
render that river a most important channel of in-
ternational trade. Direct intercouise will thus
be established between the Red River and the
Mississippi, by which latter stream, and the rail-
roads of the country, there will be ready access
to and from all the great thoroughfares of the
States.
Great Britain and Russia are strengthening
themselves in their respective possessions in our
vicinity. At Esquimalt, a fine harbor on Van-
couver's Island, the former nation has established
a naval station, where already float three ships
of war; while the Emperor of Russia is similarly
engaged m the construction of a depot and naval
station at the mouth of the Amoor. He is also
rapidly advancing with his improvements towards
his possessions in America; and if we would keep
pace with those nations in their onward march
on this continent; if we wish to be prepared to
protect our frontiers without maintaining a large
standing army, we should offer every possible
facility to those who wish to settle in that country.
The opening of this road, would also, virtually,
subdue the Indian tribes, and relieve us from a
large portion of the enormous expenses, now
annually incurred in endeavoring to control them.
The expenditures to which we have already been
forced on this account, would have defrayed half
the cost of building this road. With properen-
couragement, our people would make settlements
all along our northern boundary, and but a very
few years would elapse, before an army of vol-
unteers could be raised on the line, amply suffi-
cient for its protection. From Lake Supeiior to
the mountains, the country is almost an uninter-
rupted plain, and from thence to tho Pacific it is
known that no engineering olfetaeies present
themselves. There is no deficiency of material—
stone, timber, and water can be readily procured.
Neither is it probable that cars, daily tiaversmg
these regions upon elevated road beds, would
meet with serious obstructions from the snows;
but even conceding that there might bo occasional
embarrassments, no one will pretend to compare
them with the difficulties against which the Cana-
dian and Russian railways have to contend. The
mean temperature at Montreal, is below that of
any spot on the northern route, and such storms
as block up the road between St. Petersburg!) and
Moscow, havr> never been known in those latitudes.
But these difficulties have never delayed the on-
ward progress of the Russian or Canadian. Every
year new projects for sdil further extending their
railroads are commenced and carried into suc-
cessful operation; and I have too high an opinion
of the energy and perseverance of my own coun-
trymen to believe that cold and snow can offer
any setious obstacle to the accomphshmcnt of
their purposes. Indeed, so far as part of this line
is concerned, 1 can speak from my own personal
knowledge1. 1 have travelled hundreds of miles
along it, and over the adjacent countiy, and have
passed both winter and summer in hunting and
exploring, and neither the cold nor the snow ever
hindered my progress. The country contains a
larger poition of arable soil than any equal quan-
tity of land on the Atlantic border, and nearly the
whole line of the projected road could be made a
continuous farm. North of the forty-ninth de-
gree of latitude, fine crops of corn are raised, and
their wheat is of so fine a quality that it is eagerly
Nought after for seed m the States. Even beyond
the fiftieth degree, wheat of a superior quality,
together with oats, barley, and all sorts of vege-
tables, are successfully cultivated. It is highly
esteemed as a grazing country. Cattle are not
housed during the winter, and herds are frequently
driven south, a distance of from five hundred to
seven hundred miles, and there disposed of at a
profit, and for a less price than it would have cost
the purchasers to raise them. The salubrity of
the climate is remarkable, There areno malaiious
swamps, and the journals of every exploring
and surveying part)7 attest their enjoyment of
uninterrupted health.
I am opposed to any congressional legislation
that will embarrass the States that may hereafter
be admitted into the Union, by mortgaging the
lands in advance to gigantic monoplies. I there-
fore, in the bill I introduced last week, left all
legislation to the States and Territories now in
existence, and to such others as may, from time
to time, be organized on the line of the contem-
plated road.
The bill also provides a way for settlements
and roads to advance together. By its passage,
no calls on the national Treasury will be made,
and the amount of land donated does not exceed
one half of that called for in the other bills.
No great extent of country will be withheld from
the emigrant—on the contrary, every man will
have an opportunity to secure himself a home,
and at^he same time aid in carrying out the true
policy of the country, by contributing to the de-
fense of its outposts.  
The bill was hastily drawn, and is probably
defective in its details; but I believe the general
principle is the only true one by which aid can
constitutionally be given to this great enterprise.
I believe that Congress should give life to this
measure. Its passage would stimulate a generous
rivalry between different sections of the country,
and the result would be a Pacific railroad through
some part of it; and if the snows, the mountains,
and the cold, prevent us from reaching the Pacific
as soon as our more southern neighbors, we will
rejoice at their success as heartily as those more
directly interested.
I notify the Senate that, at the proper time, I
shall offer the bill which I introduced the other
day as a substitute for the one now under consid-
eration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment properly before the Senate is one that was
submitted a few days ago by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] to strike out of the
seventh section of the bill, the following words:
" Provided, That all duties on railroad iron imported and
laid down on s>aid toad &haii be chained lo the contracting
party arid paid to the United States, hv deducting the amount
1 joiii the ciedit to be given for the seivicefnst perfoinied
under tins act: Provided further. That if American man- j
ufactuiod railroad iron, of equal qualities, shall be oftWed
to the said contiacnng party, winch, including all items of
eo-t of maimlaeiute, t-ale, and delivery, shall not exceed
the like covf of&urh iioji if obtained i iom ftneign countues,
the Attiiji lean manufaetmed non s>haM bepiefeired and us*5d
by said contracting paity."
And in lieu of them, to insert:
Pronged, That all the lion necessary to conduct said
railioad, and which may compose the track ot the same,
fclnill be of Amouean manuiaetutc.
Mr. FOSTER. -Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a short time in the few remarks I
shall offer in support of the proposed amendment.
I am one of those who behove that the con-
struction of a railroad to our Pacific coast, over
our own.territory, is vital to the prosperity and
even to the perpetuity of our Union. Still, if it
is to be constructed ofiron imported from abroad,
thus adding to our foreign debt, which we now
count by hundreds of millions, it is, in my judg-
ment, veiy questionable, whether it is wise, at
present, to attempt the enterprise.
We have now in our country not far from thirty
thousand miles of railroad — the last returns I have
examined were up to 1857, when we had twenty-
four thousand fourhundredand seventy-six miles,
more by some thousands of miles than there are
in all Europe. Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania, New
York, and perhaps other States, count the roads
within their own limits by thousands of miles.
In a period of five years, from 1852 to 1857, we
built twelve thousand eight hundred and forty-five
miles. That these roads are of immense advan-
tage to the public none will deny. To build them,
however, we have imported three million sixty-
nine thousand and twenty-seven tons of iron, and
we are in debt for most of it to-day. Here is one of
the causes of our dependence on Europe, for debt
creates dependence as well between nations as
individuals. Here is one of the causes why any
stringency in the money market of London, is
felt so certainly and so painfully in our commer-
cial metropolis, New York, and fiom thence
through every city and village in the Union.
The object of the amendment is to develop our
own resources,give employment to our own labor,
and to dimmish the force and the frequency of
these commercial shocks, so disastrous to our
prosperity, so humiliating to our honest pride as
an independent nation. That we possess the
means to attain the object proposed by the amend-
ment, is too plain to be argued. The States of
Pennsylvania, Maryland, Tennessee, Missouri,
and others,possessmexhaustablcmines, and even
mountains, of the finest iron in the world, in close
proximity to beds of coal of unequaled extent
and richness. The means of subsistence, meats
and breadstuffs, are no where more abundant.
There is no lack of laborers. On the contrary,
there are hundreds and thousands of men seeking
employment, now unwillingly made idle by our
persistence in a national policy adverse to national
prosperity.
In view of these facts, and of many like facts,
why should we go to Europe for iron to build this
road? Why should we cross three thousand miles
of ocean, go into the mountains of Wales, pay
foreign hands for mining and manufacturing it,
freight it across the ocean, land it, transport it
some three thousand miles further inland, and
then lay it down over beds of coal and iron far
richer and better than those from.which it was
taken? The naked proposition would strike a
plain practical man of sense and intelligence, un-
learned in what is called the science of political
economy, with absolute astonishment. If any
private individual should manage his own affairs
in such a waf as thig, there is not a community
in the United States which would not fefel called
upon to place him under the control of an over-
seer or conservator, to prevent him from wasting
his estate and becoming a burden on the public
charity. If such policy is to be pursued, there
ought to be a poor-house for the nation.
I am well aware that it may be replied, grant-
ing all this to be true, there is no need of any
legislative enactment; capitalists will buy where
they can buy cheapest; only let them alone. The
mischief, however, is, they are not let alone. We
have not let them alone; and if we were to do so
there will be, as there has been, much intermed-
dling from other quarters. There has been no
stability, no steadiness, in our revenue policy;
fluctuation has followed fluctuation, and the rod
of " free trade" has been held over the heads of
all who were engaged, or who proposed to en-
gage, in home production. Those engaged in
the business, not having capital sufficient to stand
such shocks, have been ruined ; the fires of our fur-
naces have gone out; capital is proverbially timid;
and few are now bold enough to embark in a busi-
ness which experience has proved generally to be
so disastrous.
Foreign manufacturers have watched our policy
with a keen eye, have understood it, and have
taken advantage of it.
Two years ago, an English newspaper, in an
article on the iron trade, said:
"During the present year (1856) the prices ofiron in
Ameiica have been steadily declining; best brands having
fallen about live dollars-, and inferior qualities from seven
and a half to ten dollars, during the year. In the last three
veais, the make of iron in America has very largely m-
ci eased ; from 1853 to 1855, the annual production is be-
lieved to have been doubled, or to have increased from five
hundred thousand tons to one million tons; and that it is
since increasing at fully two hundred thousand tons per
annum. **-*****
"These facts have led some interested in the tiade to
the conclusion thafcSt would be sound policy for the Staf-
foidshire ironmasters to reduce the prices next quarter—
say two pounds per ton—with a view to regain the com-
mand of the American maiket, and to get nd of the com-
petitors who are supplanting English non m the United
States- Doubtles-s, if the price of iron could be reduced to
jj that extent for some considerable penod, it would rum
!' many of the American mannfactmers, and would for a time
I1 open the way f'oi a large demand for English iron."
11 At a subsequent date, the same paper says:
" A considerable impiovement has taken place in thede-
inand for non throughout the countiy." * + * *
"The demand from the United States, however, has not been
neaily so great as has been anticipated; for the last six
months the ordeis fiom that quarter have been one con-
tinued disappointment. The Aiuencan meichantacongrat-
j ulate themr-elvcs on the position of the Englnlt market;
. puces being jint lush enough to enable their own iron-
1 niseis to supply the market to the full extent of their pro-
i duetion. A general induction in England is absolutely ne-
| cessaiv to pi event the undesn able extension of the iron man-
, ufactuie in the United States."
; Here we see what English policy on this sub-
ject is; and in a commercial view, it is no doubt
j a wise one. That policy is to break down, to ruin
j the American manufacturer, by making sales be-
I low the cost of production. If they would pursue
the same course permanently, we ought to be,
and would be, satisfied. It happens, however,
that when the object is attained, when the Amer-
ican manufacturer has been ruined, and the mar-
ket is left to the foreign manufacturer, the price
rises to the consumer; and it does not stop at the
cost of production and a fair profit on that; it
goes up until thq foreigner is paid, and paid with
interest, all that it cost him to ruin the home man-
ufacturer and drive him out of the market.
