142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
As to making poor iron, I know the Senator
from New York does not want to use it. He does
not mean to encourage making poor iron, but he
would have the best article that could be produced
in this or any other country for such a purpose;
and it is a fact well known, as I am told by those
experienced in railroad building, that the rails
sent to America for railroads are the very poor-
est description of rails that are made in Wales.
Better qualities are laid down in England,aslam
told, and the poorer qualities are sent here. It
is worse to lay poor railroad iron, on any road,
than it would be to buy Peter Pindar's razor, that
was made merely to sell. That would not do
anything; you could not shave with it; but to
build railroads with poor iron, is putting at haz-
ard the lives of men in a way that there is no
apology for, and in a district of our country, away
from civilization, as this will be foryears. Some
Senators have said there is a desert of five or
six hundred miles to cross; it will be impossible
to provide convenient places for repairs; and it
should be made a great deal better than any rail-
road that has ever been made, as to all chances of
accident by breakage of cars and everything of
that sort, t shall very cheerfully vote for the
amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, in this
connection, I should like to ask the Senator from
New York a question. Some years ago the sub-
ject was under discussion in Congress, and I
was then informed that on the Erie railroad,
which was made, perhaps wholly or in part, out
of American iron, there were found to be some
very bad and very brittle rails. I know that was
admitted in the discussion in the other House.
I should like to ask the gentleman from New
York whether that is the fact or not, and whether
there was not a good deal of breakage of the Erie
rails—those that were made in American furnaces?
Mr. SEWARD. I can only answer that 1 have
no knowledge of that fact. It did not happen to
fall within the range of my observation or hear-
say.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it be true, and I have
no doubt it is, it merely proves that in the United
States we can have bad iron made, as well as good.
I understand there has been some very bad iron
made in this country for railroad purposes. My
object, Mr. President, in rising, was to call atten-
tion to this circumstance with reference to the gen-
eral argument of the Senator from Rhode Island,
who says that it will not do to make bad iron, that
the Biiush manufacturers have sent us bad iron
here, and therefore we ought to regulate it. We
might with as much propriety expect to regulate,
by legislation, the sale of bad shoes. A gentle-
man told me the other day that he had bought
some shoes made up in New England, perhaps in
the Senator's own State, that did not last a week'.
People buy them because they are cheap; but they
last a very little while. Everybody understands
that. So it is with railroad companies. If you
go to Wales and buy the cheapest iron, you will
get an inferior article; if you give a higher price,
you will get the best English iron, which is about,
perhaps, equal to our own iron. The company
has the discretion to buy the best iron. If it be
true, therefore,as the Senator from Rhode Island
argues, that American iron will last ten times as
long as English iron, why not leave this company
to find out that fact?
As we are called upon now to advance money
out of the Treasury to build tins road, and as we
are called upon to give public lands to eilect that
object, would it not be cheaper and better for all
parties to release the company from the tax on
iron which they will have to pay if they bring it
from abroad—the import tax? It is said it will
take throe hundred thousand tons to make this
road. Well, ten dollars a ton on that—and I sup-
pose the present duty is about that; 1 have not in-
quired about the price of iron lately—would be
$3,000,000. Is ita wise policy with us toimposea
tax of $3,000,000 on this iron, and then pay them
back sums of money or give them lands? I am
perfectly willing if all imports are taxed, and you
have no free list, that those engaged in making
railroads shall pay their share of the public taxes;
but if you have a free list, and things that are to
be used by manufacturing companies are to come
in free, why not let those who are manufacturing
railroads have the iron free of duty, especially on
a road which we are called upon to build in part?
Now, I* submit to Senators whether there is any
policy in putting our hands into the pockets of
these people, if they find it more advantageous
to import foreign iron, and making them pay a
heavy tax, and then drawing the money out of
the Treasury and returning it to them, or giving
them lands in lieu of it. I have been of the opinion
for a long while, that if there was any one article
which it was important to make free, it was rail-
road iron. It is conceded on all hands that the
foreign iron is cheaper, i put the question to
members from Pennsylvania, who were making
arguments in favor of an additional tax upon iron,
and they admitted the fact at that time—it may
have been changed since—that the railroads which
went up directly to their furnaces, and were em-
ployed in transporting their iron to market, were
laid down with foreign iron. Well, if in Penn-
sylvania,- where they are making iron, and where
they are always so clamorous for taxes on the
agriculture of the country, they think proper to
use foreign iron, why should not everybody else
be allowed to use it? J would not advocate this
policy if you proposed to tax everything; but if
raw materials used by manufacturers are to be
free, why not let the raw material that is used in
making railroads be free ?
The Senator from Connecticut said this morn-
ing that the English had reduced the price of their
iron in order to break down our establishments.
I should like to know how much that reduction
is. Can the Senator inform me whether it is ten,
or twenty dollars a ton, or what amount ? Has
he any data on this subject? What reduction, in
other words, on English iron, has to be made to
enable them to underwork our establishments and
break them down ?
Mr. POSTER. The English newspaper from
which I read, stated it at two pounds per ton.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is about ten dollars.
Well, in England they are making, I think, about
four million tons at this time. I know that three
or four years ago they were making three million
tons, and that branch of industry has increased
very rapidly. Ten dollars on four million tons
is $40,000,000. If these English manufacturers
are willing to lose $40,000,000 a year to break
down the few establishments in the United States,
for we are not making a great many rails in
this country, I think it shows that they have
very little judgment, and we ought to be able to
compete with such people. But really, does any
man believe it? Is it not a perfect absurdity?
Why, sir, some years ago, a gentleman made this
argument, and upon calculation I then found,
taking his own statementsfrom his printed speech,
that to break down three furnaces, (for I believe
at that time it waS conceded there were but three
furnaces in the United States that were making
rails, and they were making from eighteen thou-
sand to twenty thousand tons,) the British man-
ufacturers wetv actually spending $30,000,000 a
year in losses on their iron ! Does anybody be-
; lieve that? Does any one suppose that business
;! men, common sense men, would do such a thing?
You might just as well argue that the American
cotton-planters had put down the price of cotton
itt this country to break down the little establish-
ments in Algeria.
This branch of industry is going on in England.
I have no doubt they get the best prices they can.
It is very easy to explain why it is they under-
woik us. We have got plenty of ore, plenty of
coal. We have advantages in that respect; but !
labor is cheaper with them. According to the |
statements which the iron conventions have sent ;
us from time to time, they say that nine tenths of j
the cost of making iron is labor; that there is only ■
about one tenth in the value of the materials used,
i If that be the case, we never can work on as cheap
terms as they do, unless we put down the price
of labor, and nobody is m favor of that. We have
to give in this country about a dollar a day for
j the same labor that they would get for, perhaps,
twenty-five cents a day, and of course they will
continue to underwork us. This question pre-
sents itself: shall we avail ourselves of these cheap
rails to make our roads, that benefit the whole
country and get our produce to market, or shall
we refuse to do it? Would it be reasonable in the
people of Great Britain to refuse to take our cotton
at ten cents a pound, and try to get cotton else-
where at twenty cents, in small quantities ? No-
body will pretend that it would be. Why shall
we not make use of this wisdom ? As to the idea
of what is raw material, and what is not, there is
nothing in the world in it. Coal is raw material,
and so is iron ore, to the maker of pig metal, and
then pig metal is raw material to the maker of bar
iron, and bar iron is raw material to the black-
smith, who wants to work it up, and the plows
and hoes he makes, the farmer might consider his
raw material—instruments to work out his crop-
things that are used by him in getting the crop;
and the rails are a* part of the raw material that
the railroad makers made use of in constructing
railroads. I think, therefore, there is no reasQri
upon earth for any such distinction. #
I did not mean, however, Mr. President, to be
drawn into any general argument on this ques-
tion; but I wanted some gentleman who has ex-
amined the bill to move a distinct proposition to
allow this railroad company to get the iron where
they can get it cheapest, and import it free of any
tax. I think it is afar more sensible policy to do
that, than to impose taxes upon them, and then
burdens on the rest of the community. I know-
there is complaint that there was a pressure last
year, that the times are hard, and that something
must be done for the manufacturers. That i3 an
old story, sir. The times are justas hard on the
agriculturists as upon the manufacturers. Why
tax them when their produce is liable to fall?
American labor is to be protected, it is said. All
those people who make crops in the sunshine are
laborers. Why impose a tax on them ?
I have no doubt that the iron business is profit-
able to this country, and it will go on. A Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camerox] asked the
other day, if the three hundred and fifty thousand
men who were engaged in the manufacture of iron
should all stop work, what would be the condition
of the country > Now, suppose that the three and
a half million of agriculturists should all stop
work, what would be our condition?- Men con-
tinue farming and planting, because it is the best
thing they can do. Others continue to make iron,
because it is the best thing they can do. The
Government, I hold, is equally bound to protect
all of them. 1 say this much to indicate my views
of our revenue policy, for I fear there is to be an
attempt to impose a protective tariff on the country
again above the wants of the Treasury, for high
duties so far from helping the Treasury, as every
body knows, are calculated, and, in fact, notori-
ously intended, to prevent the collection of the
revenue. It is said, however, by some gentlemen^
that when you impose a tax, you must impose it
so that the manufacturers may derive some ad-
vantage. That is a popular argument; but when
you examine it, what docs it amount to ? Simply
this, that if you impose a tax on the people to
support the Government, the manufacturers come
in and say "we must have some too; we are not
willing that the people shall pay you to support
the Government unless we get a draw.3' That,
reduced to its simplest form, is about the amount
of .the argument. Everybody knows that by im-
posing a duty on articles that are not maae in
this country, you get the revenue at a less cost to
the consumers. 1 will not, however, Mr.Presi-
dent, trouble the Senate further.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I certainly
shall not go into an argument on the tariff and
the revenue system of the country on tli|| bill,
because it is enough now to get this dptsnre
through, and it will be hard enough, I am afraid,
to get a good revenue system through. Every
part of the railroad which is the subject of this
bill, will lie within the Territories of the United
States, not within any of the States. It will lie
within Territories which are in the far west, the
nearest one adjoining the border of the State of
Missouri. It is very clear, therefore, that the iron
which will be used, if it be American iron, will
probably be drawn from the western States, most
likely from Missouri, or from Texas, or from the
Territories themselves through which the road is
to pass.
I had supposed that when you came to consider
the expense of transportation across the Atlantic,
and the expense of transportation inland, upon
foreign iron, these expenses would be so large
that they would probably render it impossible for
the foreign manufacturer to compete with the
American manufacturers, in the vicinity of this
road, for furnishing the rails. When my honor-
able friend from Rhode Island rose, I expected
