1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe it has been agreed
to; it appropriates $20,000 to take the census of
Kansas, with a view to its admission into the
Union. If that provision were stricken out, then
it could be said with a good grace, by my friend
from Oregon, that this subject was improperly
brought up.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to strik-
ing it out. 1 was not very favorable to it at first,
but it was introduced under the idea that it would
tend to settle and quiet things. If that is the
cause of the difficulty, I prefer to postpone the
taking of the census. Let us agree, by general
consent, that that go out of the bill,
Mr. COLLAMER. Who recommended it?
where did it come from?
Mr. HUNTER. It came from the Finance
Committee. It was recommended by the Depart-
ment ofvthe Interior.
Several Senators. Let us reconsider it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
may refuse to concur in the amendment when the
bill shall be reported to the Senate; but it is not
in order to reconsider it except by common con-
sent,
Mr. KING. If it be taken out by common con-
sent, I have nothing to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will state the question upon
reconsidering the vote on the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall prefer havingthe
question taken on going out of the Committee of
the Whole; and I object to*the amendment being
.taken out of the bill now.
Mr. PUGH. What is the question now? on
withdrawing this amendment, or the other one?
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- On withdraw-
ing the first amendment, the one offered by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. PUGH. I shall make no objection to that,
if it is insisted upon by the gentlemen on the
other side; but I warn them that withdrawing
that amendment is really adding to the difficulties
in the way of the admission of Kansas. I never
considered that J was bound, as by the laws of
the Medes and Persians, by this clause of the
conference bill; nor do I consider that a census is
the only possible way of ascertaining population.
Nor have I ever felt that if Kansas were so nearly
within the ratio as to make it an immaterial mat-
ter, it would not be just as well to admit her by
an net or joint resolution. But the very difficulty
which will beset her if she comes here with a
constitution at the next session, or the session
beyond it, will be an argument that we do not
know her population, because no census has been
taken. I say that the gentlemen who try to strike
out the provision for faking a census—whatever
their motives may be—are really laying obstacles
in the way of the admission of Kansas.
Mr. DOtJGLAS. I must say to my friend
from Ohio that I dissent from him entirely in the
supposition that taking a ccnsus is going to obvi-
ate difficulties. In my opinion, when a census shall
have been taken, it will show that there are not
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty
people in Kansas; and when it shall have been
demonstrated that there is not that number, her
admission will be resisted at the next session,
because of the want of that number. I shall then
vote for her admission, if she comes with a con-
stitution republican m form, and sanctioned by
her own people; and no good reason can be
shown, aside from the want of population, why
she should not be admitted. I expect to vote to
admit her; and upon the ground that she has been
made an exceptional case.
I have tried for years to adopt the rule of re-
quiring the requisite population for a member of
Congress. I offered last year to apply that rule
to Kansas, and every other Territory. I have
offered that proposition at various times. An ex-
ception has been made of Kansas, and other Ter-
ritories have been admitted without that requisite
population. Now, inasmuch aw Kansas has been
made an exceptional case, and inasmuch as Con-
gress has passed an act to admit her with her
present population, in the event that she would
take a particular constitution, I hold that she
ought to come in with whatever constitution she
in:iy desire to form. I am not willing to make
the admission of a State dependent upon the con-
dmon mat she will take such constitution as we
jnsy choose to impose np hr-t, instead of foimmg
one to suit herself. Hence, I do not want a census
taken as to Kansas. I am satisfied that it will
demonstrate that she has not that amount of pop-
ulation according to this rule; and, inasmuch as
this law applies to Kansas -alone, and is not a
general law, 1 wish either to have the appropria-
tion for a census stricken out, or the restriction
repealed. If the appropriation is kept in, affirm-
ing that we are going to apply this rule to Kan-
sas, and yet not apply it to otherTerritones, but
that we are proceeding to go on and execute it as
to Kansas, I shall vote to repeal the restriction.
Mr. GREEN. I have paid a good deal of at-
tention to the affairs of Kansas from the begin-
ning; and while I have regretted, deeply regretted,
much of the excitement and unfortunate contro-
versy that has sprung up in consequence of that
question, I must enter my protest against the re-
newal of iton the present occasion. There is now
before me, and before my committee, a constitu-
tion, adopted at Leavenworth, presented by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] propos-
ing admission into-the Union; and I am this day
authorized to report against it. I have been de-
laying the report at the instance of the Delegate
from that Territory, who says that the people of
the Territory do not desire admission into the
Union under that constitution. That constitution
was submitted to the people, and it received four
thousand five hundred ami forty-four votes only,
while the Lecompton constitution received six
thousand five htjndred and fifty-one. It was al-
leged against the latter that it did not me'et the
will of the people, because, there being more than
ten or twelve thousand voters in the Territory,
the votes cast upon it >vere not enough to prove
to Congress that a majority preferred the admis-
sion of the State. That subject is all passed; but if
that argument be worth anything, and be \|orthy
of consideration, and if the will of-the represent-
ative of that Territory is to enter into our con-
sideration, then neither is the Leavenworth con-
stitution worthy of being considered before the
Senate. I have refrained from presenting the re-
port upon it, because I desired earnestly, ardently,
sincerely, yes, truly and heartily desired, to avoid
the introduction of anything like agitation at the
present session.
To take the census of a Territory is a right
which Congress has at any and all times; and be-
cause Congress proposes to take the census of a
Territory at any time, is no pretext or justifica-
tion for introducing other irrelevant and inflam-
atory subjects to excite this nation. Ohio was
introduced with half the population that Kansas
has this day. Forty-one thousand Ohio had;
Kansas has more than eighty thousand. So I
might illustrate and go on from Territory to Ter-
ritory, and from new State to new State. But these
arc not the real points; there is a secret in the
heart, deeper, behind the whole of this. I know
it, the country knows it, the Senate knows it,
whether it be avowed or not. 1 intend to main-
tain my course on all territorial questions, and on
all questions pertaining to the rights of the States,
without reference to persons or parties, or any
, other accidental or adventitious circumstances. I
feel no prejudice against the North or the South;
I feel no prejudice against the East or the West;
1 feel no prejudice against the different personages
j who, unfortunately, in the mixing up of affairs,
! have been arrayed against each other. I am mdif-
J ferent and friendly to both, and I intend to do jus-
| tice to both; but while my determination is this,
j I do not intend, nor will 1 submit, to be placed in
I a £dse position. This is a fixed fact, and all the
furies that ever were summoned up from the infer-
nal regions can never drive me from it.
Why, air, Kansas has all the rights that any
other Territory has, but Kansas has no more
rights than other Territories have. Kansas must
submit to the law, Kansas shall be protected by
i the law. If it ho supposed that we would apply
i a rule to Kansas which has never been applied to
I any other State or Territory, it is a misapprehen-
i sion. Before the admission of Oregon, Congress
| had never intimated to a Territory what popula-
| tion she ought to have before she applied for ad-
| mission asaState. It was an open question. The
I Constitution of the United States contemplated
that little States might be admitted with a popu-
' hition insufficient to gpve them a member under
the ratio of representation, but yet, out of a sacred
ree-\id for the rights of the States to maintain
equality in the Senate and comparative equality
in the House, they would give to them one mem-
ber anyhow. Hence Delaware, whatever may be
the rule, whatever may be tjie.number, has al-
ways had one member, and I believe between two
decades she had two members. Ohio, with forty-
one thousand, had one; Florida, with forty-five
thousand, when the ratio was seventy thousand,
had a member.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator must forget that
when Ohio had one member, the ratio was only
thirty thousand.
Mr. GREEN. I do not forget it; but if she
was fit to be a State with forty-one thousand,
Kansas will be fit to be a State with eighty or
eighty-five thousand.
Mr. PUGH. 1 will vote for her admission with
eighty-five or eighty thousand.
Mr. GREEN. Yes; he will vote for her; but
how will he know whether she has eighty or
eighty-five thousand ? The proposition already
adopted, and which has been stated to be the
cause of the introduction of this controversy, rs
an appropriation to take the census. For what?
To limit us in our power? Not at all; and the
Senator from Illinois is at fault in supposing that
it was proposed with that intent. No man feels
himself, in acting under constitutional authority,
limited by a law that would conflict with his con-
stitutional obligations. But where there is an in-
dication to the people, lest they may undertake to
act, without any indication from the power which
has the control, it is a good advisory element to
them not to act until they know whether or not
their action will be acceptable. That is all. Kan-
sas may adopt a constitution; Kansas has passed
a law now for the purpose of calling a new con-
vention, \vith the view of adopting a new consti-
tution, and thus repudiating the very constitution
now in my hands, to make a report upon in this
Senate. It is repudiated by the member, repudi-
ated by the legislative authority of the Territory,
repudiated by the minority vote of the people of
the Territory of Kansas tand hence I am instructed
to present a report against it.
But, then, what afterward ? Shall we introduce
a rule here that shall forever circumscribc the
power of the people of Kansas ? Not at all. Shall
we introduce a rule that shall inflame the North
and the South, and array one against the other
in hostile combat? It is against my feelings to
do that; and when an effort is made to do it, I
shall most assuredly oppose it as far as I am con-
cerned. There is a power in this country capable
of controlling this Government. There is an
innate democracy that lies in the heart of the
American people that needs but to be aroused,
consolidated, segregated, and brought together, or
separated; yet if its action be in unison, it can
! control the destinies of this great Republic. In
this nation we ought to be united. If there are
antagonistic principles against us, and if they
array themselves against us, let us oppose them;
but as a people, as a party acting with a view to
the accomplishment of great ends, let us be as
one people. Why, sir, suppose you and I differ
whether an agricultural bill shall be passed or
not; I vote one way, you the other; but yet on
the great general principles affecting the policy of
the country you and I agree. Am i, because of
this slight difference between us, to draw the
sword and cut your throat, in a political sense; or
arc you to draw yours and cut mine, in the same
sense11 Never; and if you should wrongfully un-
dertake to do it, am I therefore to take a course
that will turn the party against you, and hang the
halls of the great Democratic party in the habil-
iments of mourning? No. I will suffer wrong,
I will he under the ban of reproach, I will sink
in the condemnation of public sentiment for the
present rather than take a step that will sink the
only party in this Government which can save it
from infamy and disgrace.
I have looked upon this question, from its in-
ception, with no little decree of interest, not
merely for Kansas, not merely for Missouri, and
yet in one sense Missouri is more deeply inter-
ested than any other State in the Union; but I
have looked upon it with the deepest degree of
interest in another sense, higher and more im-
portant than any other, and that is to say, lest it
might have an unfortunate tendency to alienate
good, glorious, warm-hearted Democrats. If there
be a power in this Government capable of saving
