1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
that he would answer the question which I put in \
all good faith ai-d sinmity, of what was the diffi- j
culty o  the part of the American manufacturer ;
m making iron, of any kind, or of any descrip- :
tion, which mi^ht he required, in competition with j
the "Knghsh iron; but, although he said every-;
thing else, he failed to answer that question—the j
first time I have ever known him to fail in doing j
any reasonable thing in the world. I suppose, :
probably, that the reason why the English man- j
ufacturer can make poor iron cheaper than the j
American manufacturer can, is that he will take ;
poorer pay, and he takes the bonds and the credit |
of Ameiican railroad companies, which improve
in value by the distance which they travel, while ;
the American manufacturer, having smaller capi- j
tal, requires prompter pay. ,
I think, Mr. President, that it is a reproach
against this country, that a railroad should ever j
be made with foreign iron, over American native ;
iron beds and ore beds and coal beds. I am j
sincerely desirous that this great work shall be '
carried on, and completed riot only with Amen- J
can iron, because it is an American institution, '
but also for the very reason which the honorable
Senator from Rhode island states so explicitly, .
and so cogently, and that is, that in doing so, you
get better iron. If I had known any way in which
I cou'd have put a condition into this bill, as to -
the quality of the iron to be employed, so as to 1
secure the best kind, and the safest rails, I should .
have do.ie so, at whatever cost or hazard; because 1
I think it is important, above all things, that the '
road when built, shall be well and permanently ,
built.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina :
asked me whether some inferior iron had not been '
used upon the New York and Erie railroad ? I ;
answered truly that I had never heasd that fact.
I have no reason to believe that it is so;because,
according to my recollection, there has never been '
any accident or disaster on that road resulting
from the quality of the rails which were used.
Certainty, if it was so, it is an c-x< eption to the
generally admitted and established fact, that Am jr- i]
ican railroad iron, professing to be, or supposed i
to be. of the some quality, is superim to the iron j
which is imported from Europe. 1 did not know, 'j
until the honorable Senator from Rhode Island j
stated it, that the iron which they use for rati-
roads m England is better than <hus; they send ':
an inferior quality heie. If that be so, it will be
a great protection to this whole country, if we
shall, m this bill, provide for good non; and, to
sccuic that object, provide for having it mnde of
American iron Therefore. I shall go, with (he
greafest pleasure in the world, for the amendment
of my honorable friend from Connecticut, winch
I think a very judicious and proper one. I
Mr. SIMMONS. I will explain to the Senator '
from New York the reason why I did not an-
swer the question he put to me as to the reason
why we cannot make poor iron la this country. ;
As I said. I did not suppose that he made that
inquiry of me with a view of buying poor in«n;
and therefi'ie thought there was no reason for
going into the matter. I do not behave you can
find an American cutlery establishment that makes
razors merely for the purpose of selling them; ■
they make them to be used. So they make iron ■
here, as I understand, of good quality, so that, by 4
the maker being known, and the railroad-builders
having an experience m the wear of the iron, they (
can get a second contract. „ j
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose they want to es- j
tabhrh a reputation for the article. j
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. I am not partic-
ularly acquainted with the making of uulroad
iion; but m conversation with some railroad iron- •
masters m Pennsylvania, as I came through, they J
eteted to me that'the great Pennsylvania Central ;
Railroad had been laid entirely with American j
iron, and that notice had been taken of the wear j
ond tear of it compared with some ioreign iron ;
laid in small parcels for the purpose est uym?. the J
experiment, and that the wear of the Ameuccm
iron tinned out to be only one hfth, or^perhaps i
one tenth, that of the foreign article. Certainly
there was a very great disparity between the weai
of ftie two descriptions of iron. ^
1 have heard nobody sugg^-st any repiy to tne
reason—I merely stated it—why we ougnt par-
licuiarly to guard this bill soas to have good iron,
and I made those suggestions, which happened to
come into my mind at the time. This road is to '
go through a desert country, away from civiliza- j
tion, without the common means which are on j
other railroads to repair the road or the cars i
when an accident happens; and that would be a !
controlling consideration, if there were noneother. j
But the Senator from North Carolina has gone I
into a very minute calculation, to show how much
it would cost England to break down the iron I
works of this country. I thought the Senator !
from Connecticut suggested in his remarks, the j
reason why they could afford to sacrifice a portion |
of the cost of railroad iron, or any other product i
that they had in excess of the wants of their own !
country, to accomplish such a purpose. As he |
stated, if there is an over-production in England, !
of iron, or any other article, thpy will ship that j
surplus here rather than break down the PJ^ce at <
home, because it gets off, where the evil effect of j
sacrificmgthe product will fall on otherproducers, j
and not theirs. That is the reason why they send ;
ithere. it is suggested that one reason why we get !
such poor iron is, that we give poor pay; and I j
admit that the pay is as poor as the iron; but I i
trust, thai, if we are going to build this road with I
five per cent, bonds of the United States, the pay I
will be about as good as any iron in it, however 1
I well we guard it. I believe these bonds will bring '
I the gold at a premium. I do not believe, then,
| that there is any excuse for buying poor iron for
I this road. Wc mean to pay well—to pay in good
paper, and, therefore, we should have a good
article.
The Senator from North Carolina, on reflection,
I think will appreciate the reason why the surplus 1
products of other countries are sent here. This |
is the best country in the world to sell m: and he 1
has given the reason for that. It is because the '
laborers in this country are the best paid of any '
m the world, and they can afford to pay better
than those of other countries. But the Senator ;
says, that if people in England work at one fourth j
what they do here, common sense would teach ■
us to employ them instead of our own people. '
What would be the effect of doing that? The i
effect would be, that we must necessarily reduce ;
the price of wages here to the standard in Eng- i
land. People cannot live without labor any whf e. !
Mr. CL1NG-MAN. The Senator misundcr- '
stands me in that respect, and I hope he will allow ;
me to corrcct him. j
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. _ !
Mr. CLINGMAN. What I do say is this:1!
that if in any particular branch of labor, like that ^
of making iron rails, we cannot compete with :i
them, we had better take their iron, and let these ij
laborers go into something else where they can '|
make fair wages. I remarked that m this coun- 'j
try, men expect to have a dollar a day; and they -j
get it m many branches of business. Let them
follow those, and v.e can avail ourselves of the :
cheap labor of others in other respects. i
Mr. SIMMONS. I was coming to that as fast '\
as I could step along. If you transfer the labor jj
employed in the iron-mills to some other pursuit, ij
what will be its effect? Will there not be more ■:
labor offered m that other pursuit than is needed^, ■;
and will you not thus breakdown the pnee ot i(
labor m that pursuit, and so on with all pursuits?
We have labor enough to produce these articles
for ourselves, and we should do so. ;
But the Senatorsays we are taxing other classes
of men to maintain the makers of railroad iron.
The truth is, if he will look at the statistics from ;
winch he has got that notion, he wdi find that the ■
very effect of breaking down the ironmasters has '
been to prostrate tne prices of all the agricultural
products of the country, for the simple reason that
the people, who were before consumers, have noth- 1
mg to buy with. Look at the rcpoil of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and he shows you a list
of all'the leading products of agriculture that have (
fallen twenty-four per cent, dunng the time tins j
branch of industry, and others, have been entirely ,
prostrated; and that is the reason of it. He says
this is a hard time to tax the agriculturists of •
the country, when the prices of their products .
have fallen one fourth during the revulsion; but :
let him look at the cause why they have fallen.
The cause is, that there is nobody to buy their 1
products; the labor employed in other pursuits is '
unable to purchase them; and, therefore, their ;
products languish upon the market, and fall in !
price, Revive the business of these other depart-1
ments and you will revive the marketfor this prod-
uce; and that is the only practicable way that
you can have anything inure to the benefit of the
producers of agricultural products. That is the.
true history of it.
But I do not mean to enter into the discussion'
of the general tariff policy. I wish, however, to
urge this matter upon the friends of this-bilh I
have been an ardent friend of this communication'
with our Pacific possessions ever since we have
had any. The first railroad to the Pacific was
suggested when I was in the Senate fifteen years
ago. The Post Office Committee reported then
in favor of a communication of this sort before
we had California, in order to reach Oregon. I
hold that this is *a great national work; that it
ought to be built at the national expense; that
it cannot be built by private enterprise. These
schemes, m my deliberate judgment, will not
answer to make an efficient system of communi-
cation; but I will try them if their friends have
matured them. When they have got their plans
matured, I will select the best. But whatever
plan may be selected, whether the work is to be
controlled by private enterprise or private capital,
or is to be constructed by national means fur-
nished by the Government, I insist upon it, that
every guard shall be placed on this bill to secure
the best material. There should be no risk of
accidents if it can possibly be avoided. In my
deliberate judgment, the best is the cheapest in
the end; and therefore, without further troubling
the Senate on any of these general views of com-
mercial policy or revenue system, I tlunk the
single fact that we are to build a road nearly three
thousand miles long, all the way without any
settlements that have become sufficient to make
States, should induce men who are opposed to
anything like protection to favor a proposition
like this, which will afford some security.
I do not call this protection; I have long ceased
to think it was necessary to have what were for-
merly called protective duties; but I would give,
in anygenetal bill for revenue, encouragement to
all branches of industry; but in this case in par-
ticular, I would give protection to the lives of the
people who aie to travel over the road,by injuring
the best kind of iron, regardless of a few dollars'
cost per ton.
Anybody who will turn itoverin his mind will
see-that an accident befalling a railroad car in the
center of this desert, by the breaking of a rail, if
it did not kill anybody, would leave the passen-
gers in dangerof starving before they could reach
a place to make i epairs. Every precaution should
be taken to prevent accidents. Suppose that fif-.
teen hundied miles from the borders of Alissouri
a railroad ttain should be upturned by a rail break-
ing: where are you logo to get repairs? It would
be almost impossible to run a road for such a dis-
tance on foreign rails without the repeated acci-
dents that we have on some of the recent roads.
If there is any question about the superior char-
acter of our railroad iron, the matter ought to be
delayed until we can ascertain, in point of fact,
from the experiment already tried on the Penn-
sylvania Central railroad, how much this iron is
superior; 1 believe it is generally admitted to be
superior; I believe the Senator from North Caro-
lina admits it to be superior. As a general rule*
American iron is vastly superior to the iron that
is imported.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that they
make first-rate iron in England; but as that bears
, a higher price, those who purchase generally get
i the inferior, and we pay for u very frequently in
bonds which the companies here will not take,
1 and sometimes the bonds are not better than the
■ iron they are used to pay for.
; Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that the Senate will
wait until the result of those experiments can be
I ascc rtaincd, unless tliey are ready to adopt this
1 amendment. , „ .,
i Mr. EIGLER. I had intended, Mr. President,
to make some remarks ts-day on this general
i subject; but finding myself suffering severely
i from pain in the bead, 1 shall not proceed. I
' must, however, say a few woids m reference to
| the amendment under consideration. I think
there is no diversity of opinion amongst expe-
; rienced railroad men on tins question. I think
they agree that the American iron is much supe-
rior to^he foreign. The Pennsylvania railroad
I is built almost exclusively with American iron,
