1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iaa;«
iSR&O
it from destruction; if there be a power in this
Government capable of resurrecting it from the
depths to which it may be reduced by the Oppo-
sition, it is the power of the Democratic party;
and when any,incidental or direct effort is made
to divert the energies or to alienate .the feelings
of the party, it behooves all wlio believe in the
integrity of the party to check those efforts, to
counteract those movements, and to use all our
powers to consolidate the strength of the party qn
one point, and that is this: first, the union of the
States; second, that that union is in conformity
with the rights of all the States; third, that the
great principles of individual right and personal
security shall be maintained atall hazards;fourth,
that while we are jealous of power within our
Republic, while we are vigilant in watching the
rights of States and of persons, we are a unit with
reference to our foreign policy, and that, whether
it be against England, or Prance, or Russia, or the
Spanish Government, we are one—united, firm,
and determined ! Let these points mark our con-
duct, and all alienation will cease; ail disruption
in the Democratic party will sink and terminate;
all difficulties with reference to our foreign rela-
tions will at once vanish; and this great western
Republic will stand unequaled since the days of
the great Roman republic.
Mr. President, I have been drawn inadvert-
ently, without design, into the making of these
remarks; but yet every remark I have made in-
dicates some feeling, remote or direct, that I'en-
tertain. 1 could amplify them, enlarge them, and
present them in a shape that would be more ac-
ceptable to the Senate and the country; but they
are just such as I entertain, and such as I will
enforce as long as I have a voice in this Govern-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have waited
very patiently myself, and I presume there are
many Senators who have remained here patiently,
to pass this bill", but I have given up alMiope of
that to-night; and, before making the motion which
I design to submit, 1 desire to give the reason why
T shall make it. It is now entirely palpable that
the regular set speaking has begun upon a sub-
ject that has no connection with the bill. It has
been in the power of a single member to fling into
our midst a matter which precludes the possibil-
ity of our passing this bill to-night, sit as long as
we may. Then why punish so many who have
heard so often the discussion of so old, so weari-
some, and so fatiguing a subject as this which is
now brought here} 1 think it is proper for us to
adjourn now a>
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend allow me ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
knows I would oblige him with even my blood,
if necessary; but I will not yield the floor now.
Mr. BROWN. Hale has gone.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes; and be-
fore he went he said he did not want to debate it.
It is a tribute he pays, to what? I am afraid not
to the sense of our side; because when the bone
is here it is picked up and carried off by every
man, and pursued by each one who goes after it,
and they would make those of us who sit here
perish and starve for wa:nt of water and bread.
I am tired. I move that the Senate adjourn; and
I give notice that, from no spirit of discourtesy,
1 shall refuse to withdraw the motion so as to
prevent the power of reply.
Mr. HUNTER.. 1 hope we shall not adjourn.
Let us get this bill out of committee.
Mr. JOIKNTSON, of Arkansas. I call the Sen-
ator from Virginia to order. The motion is not
debatable.
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I desire to say that the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] has paired
off with the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YE4S.—Me?srs. Broderiek, Cameion, Chandler, Clark,
Coiiamei, Dixon. Doohttle, Douglas, JDuikee, Fessendeu,
Foot, Fo*ler, ll;irlau, Johnson of Arkansas, Kmg, Push,
Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—
NAYS. Messrs. Bigler, Brown, Chngman, Davis, Fitcli,
Gieen, Gwm, Iluntei, Ivoison, Johnson of Tennessee.
Lane, Polk, Held, Rice, Smith, Stuart, Toombs, and Waid
—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adj nurned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 22, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read ai|^ approved.
PROTECTION OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid-
before the House a message from the President
in relation to the protection of American citizens
on the transit routes. " .
The Clerk proceeded to read the message.
Mr. HOPKINS. As everybody has read that
message already in the newspapers, I move to
dispense with the further reading of it, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF NAVY OFFICE-RS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution
of the House, of June 14, 1848, a statement of
the pay and allowances to the officers of the Navy
and marine corps, during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1858; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
JOHN HUERTAS.
By unanimous consent, the bill of the House
(No. 251) to authorize the claimants in right of
John Huertas, to enter certain lands in Florida,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and the fol-
lowing amendment of the Senate was concurred
in:
Page ], line thirteen, after the word t: State." strike out
" oftejpd or unoffercd," and insert m lieu thereof,ic subject
to private entry."
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. TRIPPE. I desire, for the first time in I
four years* service here, to ask a favor of the \
House, i never (lid such a thin^ before, and I \
trust I will not be compelled to do so again. I ask ;
the House, by unanimous consent, to permit the
Committee on Public Lands to be discharged from j
the further consideration of House bill No. 92. ]
It is a bill to amend the act entitled " An act in j
addition to certain acts granting bounty land to j
certain officers and soldiers who have been en- i
gaged in the military service of the United States," j
approved May 4, 1856, and it makes a very slight j
amendment in the bounty land law. , ,
The bill was read for information. It provides !
that the following be added as an additional sec- .
tion to the before recited act: !
That, when any company, battalion, or regiment, in an I
organized torm, maichcd more than twenty miles 10 the j
place where ihev reived aa volunteers wall the aimed j
Jotcesof the United States subject, to milimty ordeis, or
wme discharged more than twenty miles (loiu ilie pl.tce 1
where such company, battalion, or legiment was oigan- 1
ized. in ail -nch cashes, in compuiui? the jengtii and eei vice {
oi the ofticeis and snldteis of'any sue!) company, battalion, '
or legiment, there shall be one d.n 101 eveiy twenty miles (
from the place where the company, battalion, or legiuient, j
\*as organized, to the place wheie they served as volun-
teer with the mined {oices oi the United States subject to ,
military oiders; and also one day for every twenty ni.ies ,
from the placo where such company, battalion, or regiment, !
was dtsebaiged, to the, place where it was oigam/ied, and j
liom where it marched to render service.
Mr. BLISS. I object. I am opposed to the !
whole land warrant system. j
Mr. TK1PPE. I move to suspend the rulesso j
as to enable the committee to be discharged. _ !
Mr. BLISS. 1 call for tellers on that motion. !
Tellers were not ordered. i
The question was taken; and on a division
there were—ayes 80, noes 30. j
So (two thirds voting m favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The Committee on Public Lands were then dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill,
and Mr. Davis, of Indiana, reported the bill to the
House, the question being "Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?"
Mr. TRIPPE. I will state in one word that
the only effect of this bill, which has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, is, that it
is not made necessary for the soldiers to have been
mustered into the setvice of the United States in
order to entitle them to mileage. But all the other
limitations and conditions ot the act of March 14,
1856, are left as they were. Under the construc-
tion which has been given to the act of 1856, they ,
are not entitled to mileage unless they have been j
regularly mustered into the service. The inten- >
tion of Congress mpassin* the bill, was evidently ',
to include this class of soldiers, ^ncHn the ftrsi '
application that came before the land offiGe fro iii.
this class, that construction-was given, and the
warrant issued. Afterwards, however,Ilie law was
construed differently, and the Warrants yirere
drawn. I have never submitted the point involved '
to any member of this House, who has not^nl
once acknowledged the justice of the bill. I have
stated what is the whole operation of the- bill , arid
I call for the previous question upon it.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. This bill will have the-efFeest,
if passed, to let in a large class of claimants to*
bounty land who are emitled'to it under no exist-
ing law. I think the thing has gone far enough.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman from Georgia a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I object.
Mr. TRIPPE. I shall be glad to hear and an-
swer any question which the gentleman from
Virginia has to ask.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his demand for the. previous question ?
Mr. TRIPPE. I do notwithdraw itgenerally;
but I hope, by general consent, the gentleman
will have permission to ask his question, and I
to answer it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Tiie previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. TRIPPE. I call for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill. I think we .had
better have a record, as the principle involved is
a new one.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask to have the
bill read. 1 understand that it has been read
twice, but T have not heaid a word of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not surprised
that the gentleman from Tennessee did not hear
it; be is only surprised that any other gentleman
did hear it, in the confusion which prevails ill the
House. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I only ask that the
bill may be read now.
The bill was read.
Mr. TRIPPE. As several gentlemen Have sub-
mitted inquiries to me, in reference to this bill, I
wish to make a single explanation.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. McClUEEN. I wish to state that the
Committee on Public Lands were by no means
unanimous in favor of this bill. I think it is a
bill which ought not to pass.
Mr. WAvSHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the consent of
the House to make a single statement in referen-ee
to this bill.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I object. .
"The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Indiana is entitled to address the
House for an hour, he having reported the bill
from the Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. MeQJJEEN. I am a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and if I cannot be allowed
to make a statement, I object to that courtesy be-
ing-extended to the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana. having reported the bill, is entitled, under the
rules of the House, to close the debate, after the
previous question has been seconded.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I rise to a question of or-
der. There has been 110 limitation of debate upon
this bill, and I submit that the gentleman from
Indiana is not entitled to an hour to close debate.
The rule does not apply, unless the debate has
been limited.
The SPEAKER. Th& Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Indiana has the right to address
the [louse upon the bill.
Mr. DAViS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, by act
of Congress, of the 14th of May, 1856, mileage
was allowed to officers and.soldiers of the war of
1812, and other wars. In this connection, I ask
that a section of -the present law be read.
The Clerk read the law, as follows:
Bec. 7. And be it fuithcr enacted, TUaf, when any com-
