1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
pany, battalion, or regiment, in an organized form, marched
more than twenty miles to the place where they were mus-
tered into the servile ofthelJnited States, or were discharged
more than twenty miles from the place where such com-
pany, battalion, or regiment was organized; in all such
cases, in computing the length of service of the officers and
soldiers of any such company, battalion, or regiment, there
shall be allowed one day for every twenty miles from the
place where the company, battalion, or regiment was organ-
ized to the place where the same was mustered into the
service of the United States; and also, one day for every
twentymiiesfrom the place where such company,battalion,
or regiment was discharged to the place where it was organ-
ized, and from whence it marched to enter the service:
Provided, That such march was in obedience to the com-
mand or direction of the President of the United States, or
some general officer of the United States commanding an
army or department, or the chief executive officer of the
State or Territory by which such company, battalion, or
regiment was called into service.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. By the decision of
the Commissioner of Pensions, these companies
&c., are not, under that act, entitled to bounty
land, unless they were actually mustered into the
service of the United States. This bill changes
that act in this, and this only: that if they ren-
dered the service they are entitled to their mile-
age, whether they were mustered into the service
of the United States or not. That is the only
change this bill contemplates in thfe act of-1856.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. That is precisely my ob-
jection to this bill. The law, as it exists, allows
mileage to all those who have been mustered into
the service. This bill proposes to allow compu-
tation of mileage to those who have never been
mustered into the service. AmJ, sir, it does not
specify the nature and character of service which
a soldier shall have performed, or the evidence by
which that service shall be established to entitle
him to bounty land. Itthrows open a wild field
of confusion as to services. That is my material
objection to this bill; and it was the objection I
pressed before the committee.
What sort of service is specified in that bill ?
That a company shall have shouldered their mus-
kets and marched, or shall have fought a battle,
or shall have once passed inspection, or shall have
mustered and marched one hundred miles up a hill
to turn round and march the hundred down again ?
There is no service specified in that Ml; and
here will be hundreds and thousands of soldiers
who will come and claim bounty land under this
bill. It will create more confusion in the Depart-
ment in reference to bounty land laws- than all
the bills which have gone before it. There is no
rule established by which the service, even if
specified, shall be pioved. livery company or-
ganized,and that marched, can come in and make
their fourteen days by the computation of mile-
age under that bill.
Mr. TRIPPE. There is a limitation as to the
character of service in that bill, and a limitation
precisely like that of every bounty land law. It
is required that they shall have rendered service
to the United States, in an organized form, and
subject to the military laws of the United States.
Mr. MctlUEEN. The bill provides for the
companies who have served; but specifies no ser-
vice whatever.
Mr. TRII'PE. Subject to the military laws of
the United States. It is the precise service re-
quired in every bounty land law.
Mr. MeQ.tfEEN'. I think that the system has
been carried far enough. I think that it would
be unwise to enlarge it by a bill which would
create the confusion this will.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 wish to make a
statement. The House will observe that this bill
makes this change, under the bounty land act.
Under the construction given to it by the .Com-
missioner of Pensions, the companies must be
actually mustered into service. This bill provides
that where they have rendered service under the
orders of a commanding officer, or the orders of
a chief Executive of a State or Territory, ren-
dered service in an embodied form, they are en-
titled to bounty land, though the form of mustering
in did not take place. That is the only difference.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
GIceen] is, therefore, at fault, when he says it
gives a greater latitude. It only gives bounty
land to those under orders of a commanding offi-
cer, or of an Executive of a State or Territory.
Mr. McdUEEN". , What character of service
will entitle a soldier to bounty land, under this
bill?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. That he was or-
dered into service, and performed it as under the
bounty land act, whether he was mustered in form
or not.
Mr. MeQJJEElSr. Does not my friend know
that the mustering in service was evidence of the
service itsel#
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri I know from ex-
perience in Missouri and Illinois, and in some of
the Territories, that men are cut off from bounty
land warrants who performed the same service as
the men who have obtained them.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to this farming out
of the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Indiana a question, so that I
may understand the object of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky objects to debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I waive my objection for a
moment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not going
to make any speech about it. The law, as it at
present stands, grants bounty lands to all those
who have been regularly mustered into service,
and who served fourteen days, including one day
for every twenty miles of travel going and return-
ing, and who were subsequently paid by the Uni-
ted States, whether they were called out and mus-
tered into service by a State, a Territory, or by
the United States. Now, the question that 1 wish
to propound is, whether the object of this bill is
to apply to all those who, in an organized form,
marched more than twenty miles, and tendered
their services, but were never mustered into ser-
vice and never paid by the United States; and j
whether it places them oil the same footing as
those who rendered service ?
Mr. TRIPPE. The bill does not do that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have but a single
word to say. This bill makes no change in the
act of 1856, or in any other act of Congress on
the subject of bounty lands, except this: that if
a company was duly organized and marched a
certain distance for the purpose of rendering ser-
vice, and were ready to render service, although
they might not be regularly mustered into service,
they are to have bounty lands, thesame as if they
had been mustered into the service of the United
States.
Mr. TRIPPE. And it requires that they should
be paid by the United States.
Mr. MOORE. If they marched twenty miles
and abandoned the service and returned home,
would they not be, under this bill, entitled to
bounty lands?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I think not. That
is my impression, and was the impression of the
committee.
Mr. MOORE. Well, I think they would.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I think the bill ought
to pass, and without further argument.
Mr. G-AR.TRELL. Before the vote is taken,
I desire to ask the gontleman from Indiana a
question for information. I ask him whether the
provisions of the bill will extend to companies
that have not been mustered regularly into ser-
vice, and that have never been paid either by the
General or State government, and whether they
would be entitled to the benefits of this bill?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not understand
that they would be.
Mr. McQUEEN. I understand that they would
be.
Mr. BURNETT. I must object to debate.
The previous question has been seconded.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to suggest an
amendment to the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER.. No amendment is in order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The bill is not in an
amendable state. It has passed that point.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill; and it was decided m the affirmative—yeas,
108, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Bennett, Bishop, Blair,
Bowie, Brayton, Bryan, Burlmgame, Burnett, Burns, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Ciark, Horacc F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clawson,
Cockcrill, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, James Craig,
Curtis, Davidson, Davis; of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Durfeo, Edie, Edmundsonj Fams-
worth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Gartrell, Gilman, Giliner,
Grega, Grover, Harris, Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hodges,
Hopkins, Uowatd, Hughes, lluyler, Jackson, Jewett,
Komi, Kellogg. ICel?ey, Knapp, Lamar, Loidv, McKibbin,
Macon, Matfcson,Maynard, Montgomery,Morrill, Edward
Joy Moms, Isaac N. Mom.-!, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A.
Morse, Niblack, Palmer, Pettit, Phillips, Pike, Purviance,
Reilly, Ricaud, Roberts, Royce, Scott, Sewafrd, Aaron
Shaw, Juds'fri W. Sherman, Shorter, Robert Smith, Sam-
uel A. Smith, James A. Stewart, William Stewart/fappan,
Thompson, Trippe, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance,
Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu B. Washbumc, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, John V 
Wright, and ZoJIicofKy:—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale,BiHinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Buffinton, Caskie, Cavanaugh,
Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning, Davis of Mississippi,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdell,
English, Foley, Garnett, Giddings, Giliis, Goode, Goodwin,
Grow, Harlan, Horton, Houston, George W. Jones, Owen
Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lawrence, Leach, Leiter,
Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, McRae, Satnuel S. Marshal!,
Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Mott, Murray, Ohn, Par-
ker, Pendleton, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Potter, Pottle,
Powell, Reagan, Ritchie, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Scales,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, William Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Cail-
walader C. Washburn, White, and Wortendylce—74.
During the vote,
Mr. CURTIS stated that Mr. Cox was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
jrtnoved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON,from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported as correctly enrolled, an act
(H. R. No. 251) to authorize the claimants in
right of John Huertas to enter certain lands in
Florida; when the Speaker signed the same.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked and ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House, the papers in the case of Robert Kirkham,
for the purpose of having them sent to the De-
partment.
Mr. JENKINS asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the Committee on invalid Pen-
sions thS papers in the case of Michael Thorn,
for a similar purpose.
RESOLUTIONS OF MAINE LEGISLATURE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, presented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Maine, against an increase
of postage; which were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
BOUNTY LAND TO PRIVATEERS MEN".
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R. No.
54G) to ame^d the law granting land to soldiers
and seamen, so as to include those engaged on
board private armed vessels regularly commis-
sioned by the United States, was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was read. It provides that each of the
surviving officers and crew employed on board of
any private armed vessel of the United States,
acting under commission of letters of marque and
reprisal, granted during any of the wars in which
this country has been engaged, and who have not
heretofore received bounty land from the United
States, shall be entitled to receive a certificate or
warrant from the Department of the Interior, for
one hundred and sixty acres of land; and that the
provisions of the second section of the act entitled
" An act in addition to certain acts granting boun-
ty land to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military serviceof the United
States," approved March 3, 1855, shall apply to
the widows and minor children of persons enti-
tled under this act; and that the fourth, fifth, and
sixth sections of said act shall apply to the war-
rants granted under this act, and to the registers
and receivers of the land offices locating them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I move the
previous question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I demand the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messi&. Ah!, Ander&on, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Rillinghurst, Riis*. Bonham, Bowie, Branch, Bryan,
Burns, Caruthers, Caslue, Horace F. Ciark, John B. Clark,
Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, James Craig, Craw-
t'oid, Curry, Davie? of Indiana, Dnnimck, Dowdell, Edie,
Edmnndson, English, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell,
Giddings, Gillis, Harian, Hickman, Ilbard, Iiodges; Hop-
