1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
kins, Hnrlon, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen
Jones, Kei#, Jacob M. ICunkei, Lawrence, Leach, Leiter,
Letclier, Mac!ay, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Miller, Millson; Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Murray,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Potter, Powell, Ready, Rea-
gan, Ritchie, Rtiffin, Scales, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shoiter, William Smith, Spmner, Stanton, Stevenson,Tal-
bot, Miles Taylor, Underwood, Vance, Wade, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, JElhhu B. Washburne, Watkins, White,
Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Arnold, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Blair, Brayton, Iiuftinton, Burhngame, Chaf-
fee, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Corning, Covode, Cragin,
Davisef Massachusetts, Davisof Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Durfee, Parnsworth, Fen tori, Florence, Foster, Gilmer,
Goodwin, Hatch, Hawkins, Howard, Hughes, Huyler,
Keim, Kelsey, Knapp, Lovejoy, Matteson, Morgan, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Pike, Pottle,
Purviance, Ricaud, Robbins, Roberts, Royee. Russell, Sav-
age, Scott, Sewaid, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Robert Smith, Stephens, James A. Stewart, William Stew-
art, Tappan, Tliayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Wal-
brtdge, Walton, Ward, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood,
and Zollicotl'er—77.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. <7ase.
Mr. GILMAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Sandidge.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that Mr. Sandidge
had requested him to say that he [Mr. Sandidge]
had been called suddenly to one of the Depart-
ments.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. LEACH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Michigan, against any increase in the
rates of postage; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House "resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of proceeding
with the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Missouri to withdraw that motion to enable
me to have taken from the Speaker's table a Sen-
ate bill to incorporate the Washington Monument
Society. There is no day more suitable for its
consideration than this, and it will not take five
minutes.
Mr. HATCH. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to have taken up the Senate bill to pro-
vide for the deepening of the channel over the St.
Clair flats, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot with-
draw my motion. ..
Mr. BURNETT. Then I hope the House will
vote it down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will be
remembered by the House, that yesterday after-
noon I obtained" the floor and moved to suspend
the rules for the purpose of taking up a bill. I
gave way merely for the purpose of permitting
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Abbott] to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with the implied understanding, at
least, that 1 should have the floor this morning.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri, and for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
tellers on the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bovce and
Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 86, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins
in the chair,) and resumed the .consideration of
the bill of the House (No. 872) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30, I860.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment offered yester-
day by Mr. Hatch to the following clause of the
bill:
" i'or mail-locks, keys, and stamps, $15,000."
Mr. HATCH. I modify my amendment, so
as to read as follows:
Provided, That all contracts for work, material, and pub-
lic service enumerated in this^ct shall be made with the
person who shall offer to do or provide the same at lowest
price, with adequate security: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall prevent the execution of any contract
made under existing laws-
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I move to insert, at the end
of the following clause:
" For mail depredations and special agents, $75,000,"
this proviso:
Provided, That no special agent shall receive more than
$1,600 per annum, as compensation for his services. t
Mr. Chairman, I wish to state, in reference to
this amendment, that the highest amount allowed
to special agents, according to the Blue Book, is
$1,600 per annum; and yet I am informed that in
some instances as much as $5,000 has been paid to
special agents.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I understood the
gentleman from Wisconsin to say that salaries
had been paid to special agents to the amount of
$5,000. Did I understand him correctly ?
Mr. POTTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If that is the case,
I suggest to the gentleman that he should intro-
duce a resolution of inquiry. I state that the sal-
ary of the special agents of the Post Office De-
partment is $1,600 per annum, and their traveling
expenses, and these special agents, are engaged
in ferreting out those who may commit depreda-
tions upon the Post Office Department. These
special agents are the police of the Department. If
a robbery is committed on a mail route, or a dep-
redation is committed at a local office, spccial
agents are sent by direction of the Post Office De-
partment to investigate into the depredation or
the robbery, and to endeavor to apprehend'the
person by whom theoffenselmsbeen perpetrated;
and they are allowed a certain amount for their
traveling expenses.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman, if he is
not aware that these special agents are allowed to
travel free on all the railroads, steamboats, and
stages in which the mail is carried'
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was just coming
to that. I have nothing to conceal. The special
mail agents of the Post Office Department, by
virtue of their appointment, and by virtue of the
contracts made by the Department with the vari-
ous railroad, steamboat, and stage companies, for
carrying the mails, are entitled to travel by any
of these different modes of conveyance with the
mail contractors, free of any charge for transpor-
tation ; but, sir, bills for expenses are in the mean-
while accruing on the way. In consideration of
these expenses, it has been the practice of the
, Post Office Department, for the last fifteen years,
| to allow these special mail agents two dollars per
! day for their personal expenses. They are often
! required to travel over routes where there are no
! public, conveyances, and whatever amounts are
i necessary to cover their necessary expenditures
! have been paid out of this appi opnation, in addi-
{ tion to the salary of the special agents, which
j is only §1,600 per annum. 1 assert that the Post-
i master General is authorized to allow the special
I agents two dollars per day each, for their pcr-
j sonal expenses, and to enable them to obtain pri-
I vatc conveyances of travel whenever they are
| needed.
1 in consequence of the extended operations of
! the Post Office Department, the expenses under
i this head have a little increased, but they have
not much increased. I hold in my hand a tabu-
1 lar statement showing the amount of expenditures
■! under this head, since 1855, which is as follows:
Mail depredations
Periods an^ azents.
1855 :   
i g-e     '
\s±  :::  es.iKsas
 -a>527ui
I also remark to the committee that when a
person has been apprehended, charged with an
offense against the Post Office Department, the
expense of his removal, of his preliminary exam-
mation before ti magistrate or comroissionei, is
paid also out of this appropriation. There are at
present, I think, about thirty persons employed
by the Post Office Department, as special agents
who are allowed a salary of #1,600 each, amount-
ing in the aggregate to aboutforty-eight thousand
dollars. The balance ofthe appropriation is paid
for traveling and personal expenses'of these spe^
cial agents, and^or the apprehension of offender^
and bringing them to trial. I think -the amend-
ment of the gentleman is wrong, and 1, hope' it
will be rejected.
Mr. POTTER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that this appropriation is simply for pay-
ing the salaries of these special agents. There •
is nothing in it about traveling expenses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. All the expenses
of the special agents are paid out of this appropri-
ation, and, if the statement of the gentleman be
correct, then the amendment of the gentleman is
unnecessary, for the law now restricts the sala-
ries to $1,600 each.
Mr. POTTER. Then my amendment will do
no harm; and I think it wrll stop many of the
abuses which now exist.
Mr. Potter's amendment was disagreed to—
ayes 64, noes 65.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to offer an .amendment
in line twenty-six, by striking out " $200,000"
and inserting " $50,000;" so that the clause as
amended would read, "for miscellaneous pay-
ments, $50,000." I do this, Mr. Chairman, for
the purpose of correcting what I believe to be a
great abuse in the expenditure of the Govern'
ment. Appropriations for miscellaneous pur-
poses are, to a certain extent, absolutely neces-
sary. That we all agree to. Appropriations
made for miscellaneous purposes are made for the
purpose of covering certain expenses which are
too small to be named specifically. All the items
of expenditures sufficiently large to be named
specifically, are, or should be, made the subject
of specific appropriations.
Now, sir, to show the history of these appro-
priations of the Government for miscellaneous
purposes, I find that, for the year 1800, the
amount of appropriations for miscellaneous pur-
poses was only about three hundred thousand dol-
lars. In 1810, I find they were $500,000. I find-
that, in 1830, the amount of appropriations for
miscellaneous purposes was between oneand'two
million dollars. I find that, for the year 1837-38,
the miscellaneous purposes amounted to almost
nineteen million dollars. Now, I believe this to
be a srreat abuse. We complain on both sides of
the House of the immense expenditure of the
Government; but do we do anything to prevent
it? I believe that $200,000 is an unreasonable
amount for miscellaneous purposes in this bill.
I think $50,000 is sufficient; and I hope my
amendment will be adopted. In 3830, under Jack-
son's administration, which we all believe was
a good one, the whole expenditures of'the Gov-
ernment were only $13,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire, right
there, to propound an inquiry to the gentleman
from Maine. He objects to these miscellaneous
items as being too great, and he says that he
wishes to check them. Now, let me ask him
whether he thinks it was right and expedient to
erect the custom-houses in Maine, which have
been erected within the last three or four years?
Mr. ABBOTT. 1 believe that it is right to
build custom-houses in the State of Maine, and
to appropriate a sufficient sum for that purpose;
but 1 do not believe m the erection of custom-
houses like that at New Orleans, to the tune of
$3,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. These custom-
houses are a pait of the miscellaneous items.
Mr. ABBOTT. I believe in erecting all the ne-
cessary buildings for the uses of the Government,
but 1 do not believe in expending $19,000,000 an-
nually, for unspecified miscellaneous purposes. I
believe in no such practice. I want to know where
1 the money goes to. It is all taken out of the
: Treasury, every dollar of last year's appropn-
: ation is gone, and yet not a man knows where
1 it has gone, except the Government ^ officials,
i Nineteen million dollars is asked for miscellane-
' ous items; $6,000,000 more than the entire ex-
penses of Jackson's administration in 1830.
Now sir, as a member of this House, I ask
whether this thing is right ? Gentlemen make no
objection,to these miscellaneous items; but they
are s^re to object to small items, where the object
is specified.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to oppose the amend-
