146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
ance with its provisions will afford the greatest amount of
accurate information, and ptove most satisfactory to the
ccftmtry.
My object in offering the resolution was merely
to cail the attention of the House to the facts
which I have presented, and especially to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior. I now pro-
pose to demand the previous question upon, the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. WHITELEY. 1 ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to permit me to offer a substitute for
liis resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. I have no objection to allow
the gentleman from Delaware to get his amend-
ment properly before the House. I will there-
fore withdraw the demand, asking the gentleman
to renew it when he shall have offered his reso-
lution.
Mr. "WHITELEY. I move to amend by
striking out aU after the word ii Resolved," and
inserting as follows:
That tlio Committee of Ways and Moans be directed to
inquuc mtothcrpropuetv of lcportmg a bill repealing all the
provisions of any law now existing tor taking the census,
except such ao relate entirely and alone to the counting of
the people.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Delaware, that as his
amendment relates to the repeal of a law, it should
properly go to the Committee on the Judiciary. ,
There seems to be an inconsistency between the
original resolution and the substitute. The ics-
olution of the gentleman from Indiana relates
alone to making an appropriation, and goes, of
course, to the Committee of Ways and Moans;
but the amendment involving no appropriation,
but providing for repealing a law should go to
the Committee on the Judicialy.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Del-
aware will modify his resolution so as to make it
an addition instead of a substitute, the House
may, perhaps, think proper to adopt both.
Mr. WHITELEY. 1 will modify it, then, so
as to add to the resolution of the gentleman from
Indiana, u and that they be directed further to
inquire," &c.
Mr. KELSEY. Can that be done after the
previous question has been ordered?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the amend-
ment is right, and 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon its adoption.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I think it is wrong, and
hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is the amend-
ment offered as a substitute or aa an addition ?
The SPEAKER. As a substitute.
Mr. liUFFINTON called for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WHITELEY. Agreeing in the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri, that my
resolution should go to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I withdraw it; and will oiler it as a
distinct proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object to its with-
drawal.
The SPEAKER. It can only be withdrawn by
unanimous consent.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tollers reported—
ayes 43, noes 76.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth
of a quorum voting in favor thereof.)
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the negative—yeas 51, nays 140; as follows: ;
YEAS — Atkiiir, Aveiy, Rark«-<Iale, Uncock,
Branch, Burnett, Caskie, Clay, Cobb, Cox, Button Ciaige,
Crawford, Curry, Davidson, ilavis of iWisMSs-ippi, Dowdcll,
Edmundson, Eu?ti?i, Foley, Fo^tei, Gamctt, Gdifrell, Gil-
mer, Goodo, Greenwood, Houston, Jackson, Jowett, Gcoige
W. Jones, lulgore, Lamar, Loiter, Letcher, Humphrey
Marshall, Maynard, Miles, MilNoii, Pendleton, Powell,
Jleagan, Scales, Ilciuy M. fcjluuv, John iSheiman, Jud
pon YV. Sherman, Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth,
{Stephens, titeven&on, Trtppe, and Whitcley—51.
ISAYtf—Mes&js. Abbott, Adiaui, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Arnold, Bennett, Bilhn^hui-t, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bra>ton, Buffinton, Burlmgatne, Bums, Caiutheis, ,
Case, CaVHihiugh,Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B.
Ciaik, Ckuk B. Cochrane, Cockerill. Colfax, Coniins,
Coming, Covode, James Ciaice, Curtis, Davis of Maryland,
David of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, j
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Edie, English, Farnsworth,
Fen ton, Florence, Giddings, Gillis, Oilman, Goodwin,
Granger, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall,
Robert B. ftali, Hailan, Harris, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard,
Hopkins. Horton,Howaid, Hughes, Huyler, Jenkins, Owen
Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Lovejoy, Maclay, Samuel S.
Marshall, Mason, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Muiray, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer, Parker,
Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phil-
lips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Reilly,Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Seott, Searing, Seward, Shorter, Robert Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan,
George Taylor,Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Vallan-
dighain, Vance, Wade, Walbudge, Waldion, Walton, Cad-
waladei C. Wa&hburn,Ellihu B. Waahburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkins, White, Woodson, Wortcndyke. Augustus
It. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcofi'er—140.
So substitute was rejected.
PerjRg the call,
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that his colleague
[Mr. Goocii] had been called home by sickness
in his family, and that he had paired off with Mr.
Stevenson, until the 3d of January.
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that Mr. Thayer was
confined to his room in consequence of sickness.
Mr. GREENWOOD made a similar statement
in reference to his colleague, Mr. Warren.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, made a simi-
lar statement in r&ferencc to his colleague, Mr.
Ruffin.
The question was then taken on the original
resolution; and it was adopted.
Mr. HUGHES moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PXIELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire what the
regular order of business is ? • Is it not the calling
of States for bills and resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It would be in the absence
of any othor motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not think we shall have
another day on which the States can be called for
that purpose, and members have many bills and
resolutions which they wish to introduce.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I wish to revert
one moment to the condition of our business, m
view of the probability of a recess of both Houses
of Congress next week. It is desirable that this
soldiers' bill should be disposed of, in order that
wo may be able to proceed to other business.
Unless we go into committee, this day will be
wasted, because any member who can get the floor
may move to suspend the rules.
Objection was here interposed to any debate, as
out of order.
The question was taken; and on a division there
were—ayes 99, noes 77.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mi. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the
OLD SOLDIERS1 PENSION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the following amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb:]
In line nine, after tlie wonls 1812. us&eit:
" The riot Ida, and Creek, and Indian -u ai^ of 1836. 1837,
and 183a, and the Mexican war of 184(3, 1847, and 1848."
Mr. COBB. Is it now within my power to
modify mv amendment, so as to include " the
Florida war of 1817 ?"
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can mod-
ify his amendment if there be no objection.
There was no objection; and the modification
was made accordingly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman to modify it so as to include the
Indian wars since the close of the war of 1812.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I move to amend,
by including those who served in the Black Hawk
war of 1827, 1831, and 1832.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that it is not my
purpose to trammel this bill; for I have been, from
the earliest moment I have occupied a seat upon
this floor, and so the history of this House will
show, the friend and advocate of the old soldiers.
If gentlemen will examine your Journals, they
will find that years ago I offered a resolution call-
ing for an investigation by the proper committee
into the expediency of giving to the old soldiers
who served prior to 1812 the same pensions that
were given to the soldiers of the revolutionary
war. At a later day, I submitted a resolution in-
structing the Committee on Public Lands to pro-
vide for giving bounty land to these soldiers, and,
I simply call the attention of the House to these
facts to show that it is through no new-born zeal
with me that I stand by a bill giving pensions to
the soldiers of the war of 1812.
Sir, for myself I care not what may be the con- -
dition of the Treasury. If the bill were just and
right, and worthy of passage when the Treasury"
was overflowing, then it is just and right now,
and ought now to be enacted into law. I do not
consider that it is magnanimoue in the American
Congress to admit that these soldiers are entitled
to bounty lands and pensions, and then to make
the plea that, because the Treasury is not full,
justice cannot be done. They periled their lives
in time of trial, and we who come after them are
now enjoying the blessings which they secured.
Wc owe it to those soldiers and to their descend-
ants to do them justice. I would be willing to
take such a bill, indeed, as would acknowledge the
principle, even though my amendment and the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama are
not included; for, sir, if we pass such a pen-
sion bill, while it does not provide for all the
cases which are just and right, it will show the
disposition of Congress and the Government to
do justice to the soldiers of the former wars of
the country; and at another session, as we have
done with the bounty land law, we can provide
for all meritorious and just cases.
I have risen simply to say that I am for this
bill. I am for such a bill as can pass. I have no
local or sectional views in relation to it. ■ I be-
lieve it is time that this Government should do
justice to those patriots jvho have served their
country in time of peril. I am, if it be the pleas-
ure of the House, willing to withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand my colleague as withdrawing his amend-
ment?
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. 1 have not with-
drawn it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
it is the duty of this Government to provide for
those who may become disabled from supporting
themselves, by wounds, or disease contracted in
the military service of the country; yet I do not
think that it is either right or proper for this Gov-
ernment to inaugurate a system of general-ser-'
vice pensions. It has been, as I conceive, oneof
the settled principles of the Government to oppose
a system of general-service pensions. Itiss^id
that this system was established by the act of
1832. It was contended, if I am not at fault, by
the advocates of that law, that it could be no pre-
cedent; that such a case could never again arise
in the history of this Government as that of the
soldiers of the revolutionary war; and that, with
them, the service-pension system would termin-
ate.
But, sir, it is said that other countries and Gov-
ernments—the Governments of Europe—pension
their soldiers, after they have rendered military
service. Who are the soldiers of the European
Governments? Are they soldiers like ours, who
light and defend their own firesides, and for a
Government in which they have part? No, sir,
they are the paid hirelings of the sovereign, who
fi°;ht his wars, and to maintain him in power.
Here, the sovereigns themselves are the men who
go to the battle-field to defend their homes, their
firesides, and their altars. And I venture to say
that there is not one man in the whole country,
who rendered services for which provision is
made in this bill, who for a moment contemplated,
when he went into the service, that the time was
ever to come when he should receive a pension
because of that service. I have acted and cooper-
ated with those who have been in favor of pro-
viding for the widows and orphans of those who
have fallen in battle, or by disease contracted in
the service. I think now that we might do much
in revising our invalid-pension system. What
is the pension you give to a widow who lost her
husband in battle, or, after lingering years, by
disease contracted in the military service of the
