1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
The gentleman from New York says that his
State pays more to the Post Office Department
than she costs to that Department. I deny that
proposition emphatically; and I say that he can-
not prove it by a reference to the records. This
is true of the State of New York in the exhibit
■which she makes in her payments. She has the
benefit of all that is received at New York through
the ocean mail steamers, amounting to perhaps a
Million dollars.
Mr. SICKLES. All that is paid for the ocean
mail service, and nothing more.'
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That State gets
the benefit of about one million dollars from for-
eign postages, received at New York. Much of
this mail matter is intended for Mississippi, for
Georgia, and for indeed all the States of the Union,
the postage on which is collected at New York,
and credit is giyen to that State. In addition to
that, it is known that a large number of persons
who are in the habit of sending letters to Europe,
first send them to merchants and agents in New
York, who mail them, and the postage is paid in
that city. Now, if it were not a fact that the city
of New Y ork is a great commercial point, and that
communication between it and Europe is more
direct than from any other portion of this coun-
try, those letters would not be mailed there, nor
•would that city be entitled to the benefit of the
postage received from them. I state now, and I
state it upon authority which cannot be shown to
be incorrect, that taking the real postage of .New
York, after paying her postal service, she is a
charge upon the Government as much as any State
in this Union; unless,probably, some new State,
such as Oregon or California.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SICKLES withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, by adding
the following proviso:
JimI provided further, Tlmt the said sum so appropriated
shall he expended equally among the several States for
mail service.
I offer that amendment to demonstrate, as I
think I shall, the utter folly of the qjnendment
offered by the gentleman from Virginia, and its
utter impracticability. The gentleman knows as
well as I do, that all the mail routes of the coun-
try are advertised, and bids sent to the Post Of-
fice Department for the various routes proposed.
Now, under the system proposed, the Postmas-
ter General would have to ascertain whether the
service could be performed with theappropriation.
If it could not, lie would have to dispense with
some of the routes and continue others; and the
responsibility would be thrown on the Postmas-
ter General to determine what routes should be
continued and what discontinued. If he has got
to do that, then, to get him out of that difficulty,
I propose that the money shall be spent equally m
ail the States.
Now, in regard to making the Post Office De-
partment self-sustaining, I think it is all a farce.
It cannot be done from the postages, and if it
could be, I, as a southern man, am opposed to it.
Take my own district as an illustration: There
are twenty-eight counties in my district, a large
portion of which are sparsely settled. If the peo-
ple of my district were depending for their mail
service to the extent of the postage they pay, there
me sixteen counties in my district where the peo-
ple would not hear from Washington city as long
as the world lasts; and I want them to hear from
me occasionally. One of the troubles in the way
of the expenses of our mail system grows out of
the fact that mails are carried from New York to
New Orleans in bulk; while trains run daily for
the distribution of the local mails.
Now, if these through trains be dispensed with,
and leave the mails to be distributed by the local
trains, one half of the expense would be saved.
.That is the trouble all through the country, that
•we have double service, and that the people of
the southern and western States have to contrib-
ute to foster and protect the interests of the
commercial men of New York; because it is for ,
the benefit of the commercial men of New York,
New Orleans, St. Louis, Cincinnati, and the other '
large cities. No gentleman can deny that. Then, j
I say, leave the postage as it is, and strike down ]
the double service throughout the country, which j
is got up for the benefit of commercial men, at j
the expense of the agriculturists of the country. I
In addition to this I propose, if I can get the
floor again, to offer an amendment, abolishing
the franking privilege. There is a great deal of
clamor about making the Post Office Department
pay its own expenses. There is, in my opinion,
no blessing connected with this Government so
great as the blessings flowing from our postal ser-
vice. It benefits all the people equally, and is
the only thing which does work equally. And
yet gentlemen talk about making it a self-sustain-
ing machine. If the attempt was made, the South
would get no mail facilities. I am, therefore, op-
posed to it.
I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose to amend
the amendment by striking out the word " more,"
and inserting, in lieu thereof, the word " less;"
so that the amendment will read:
That the Postmaster General shall not expend, for the
purpose named in the first section, less than the sums sev-
erally appropriated.
This alteration, Mr. Chairman, signifies my
unqualified judgment respecting the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia. I am not one
who believes that the postal service should be cut
down .or retrenched in that direction. I am of
the opinion that this Department of the Govern-
ment should not be—as, in any political or eco-
nomical sense, it cannot be—a self-sustaining De-
partment. It will be the first time in the history
of commercial nations, for the postal facilities of
a country to be announced as under the obliga-
tion of self-support. The post office is but tho
implement, the precursor, of commerce itself; and
commerce depends upon, and is regulated pre-
cisely by, the postal facilities afforded-by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I ask the gentleman from
New York whether, in the eastern and middle
States, there is not an excess of receipts over ex-
penditures to the amount of over one million dol-
lars ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Undoubtedly; I so
understand it. I was coming to that point. The
State of New York is unquestionably included in
the proposition stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I must differ entirely from my
friend from Mississippi, in stating that New York
is not self-sustaining. If I understand anything
aright; if I can compute tables of statistics ac-
curately; it is clear to me that that portion of the
postal system devoted to the State and city of
New York is eminently self-supporting. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi has stated that it is not;
but the figureswill not supportthe assertion. The
fact stands indisputable, that the receipts for
postages in New York are largely in excess of
expenditures.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask whether it is not
the invariable custom for merchants to charge
their postal accounts to their customers ?
Mr. SICKLES. If they do, our southern
friends arc very apt to put it on to the sugar and
cotton.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The point is
whether, by reason of the position of the city, its
commercial and local advantages, the receipts for
postages in New York,are notlargely above the
expenditures?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the gentle-
man let me correct him in one particular? The
expenses of the ocean mail system are not charged
to the State of New York, and yet New York is
credited with all the postage received in New
York upon letters from other parts of the coun-
try. The State of New York is not charged with
the expenses of the ocean mail service, which
amount to over a million dollars a year, although
she is credited with a million dollars or more,
when, in fact, these facilities are intended for the
benefit of New York, and she does derive that
benefit. /
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to submit a remark
or two in reply to the gentleman from New York.
It seems to me that itis utterly impossible to make
with any force or correctness, a comparison in re-
gard to the advantages or disadvantages connected
with the postal system between the various States
of the Union. It is a comparison which cannot be
made, because we have not the means of arriving
at a proper or just conclusion in regard to it. But
I will say that the legislation of the country, in
connection with this ocean mail system, has been
of immense advantage to the city of New York,
in concentrating there the commerce of the whole
country, and making New York the importing
point for all the balance of tho Union. Now, if,
instead of concentrating all the ocean mail lines
at New York, and requiring them to start from
there and return there, those lines had been dis-
tributed among the various seaports north and
south, there would have been a marked differ-
erence in the commercial intercourse and com-
mercial importance of the various ports of the
Union. New York would have had her share;
Philadelphia would have had her share; Balti-
more would have had her share; and Norfolk,
Charleston, and New Orleans would have had
theirs. But as it is now, the whole ocean mail
service of the country is made tributary to New
York, and concentrates at that point all the com-
mercial intercourse and commercial business of
the land. I do not complain of this, because I
am gratified to see her prosperity. But when
gentlemen insist that the result of this is not a le-
gitimate charge to New York in its business with
the other States of the Union, they do injustice
to those States whose intercourse, postal and
otherwise, is with that city.
Now, sir, it seems to me that, so far as this
matter is concerned, we ought to make, if it can
be done, and I think it can be done, the Post Of-
fice Department of the United States self-sustain-
ing. Why, sir, how was it done in the earlier
days of the Government, when the country was
nothing like as prosperous as it is at this period,
and when there was nothing like the same amount
of circulation of gold and silver coin throughout
the various States of this Union ?' TBhe Post Of-
fice Department then sustained itself. Why can
it not do so now? lean see no earthly reason
why, if under all the disadvantages of past years
it could support itself, it cannot now, under the
progress which our country has made, sustain
itself at the present time, if we will undertake to
direct our energies and our attention to it, and
bring it under the control of the legislation of
Congress.
Now, I have as high respect for the Postmaster
General as any gentleman upon this floor—for his
judgment and his capacity. But I know how this
thing is managed. I know how it is with my
own constituents, and I take it for granted that it
is the same with the constituents of others-. They
write here complaining of the want of mail facili-
ties. We go to the Postmaster General and rep-
•resent the matter to lum, and these facilities, if
he thinks they can be granted, are granted, and,
as a matter of course, the burden is to fall some-
where. Now, if we will check this thing, we can
relieve the Postmaster General of responsibility,
and make the Department self-sustaining.
•Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move now to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia by striking out all after the words, " nor
shall." I desire to say a few words more in con-
nection with the subject which is under discus-
sion, by reason of the amendments which have
been offered. I, sir, am altogether opposed, as I
said before, to this political and economical heresy
of making the Post Office Department support
itself. I am for retrenchment and reform. Iam
willing to commence and to' end with that reform
embraced within the abrogation of the franking
privilege. I say that, when that shall be accom-
plished, the wTiole reform necessary to that De-
partment will have been effected by the repre-
sentatives of the people of the United States in
Congress assembled. " But, sir, there is no truth
in the^assertion that, in any other sense than that,
the Post Office Department should be made a self-
supporting Department. Why, sir, it is to the
arm of that Department that is to be attributed
our increasing millions of dollars annually. Who
has ever known, in this or any country, the chan-
nels.of commerce to be opened unless they had
been pioneered by your postal facilities an d postal
communications? Why is it that English com-
merce is far in advance of ours down each coast of
South America? Is it not that while the commu-
nications from American factors are upon the
isthmus waiting there the facilities and agencies
towards the northern portion of the continent,
those of the English factors are on their way to
