1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
London and back again, by reason of the facili-
ties afforded to their communications? It is for
this reason that, out of the $70,000,000 for 'the
last eighteen months sent from Chili, we, in Amer-
ica, have had but $11,000,000 thereof.
Mr. CURRY. I would ask the gentleman if
the postal system of Great Britain is not self-
sustatning, and if there is not a large excess of
revenue arising therefrom?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is self-sustain-
ing, and for the reason that England, in the first
place, and now, extends postal facilities to her
ocean service.
Mr. SICKLES. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion just there. The local service of Great Brit-
ain is self-sustaining, but they do not put into
the account the sums referred to by my colleague.
That is a dotation for foreign service, and with
these included, the overplus would be millions.
And I would like to add, that England does not
charge these sums which she gives for ocean mail
service to the postage account at all, but regards
that as a commercial expenditure.
Mr. CURRY. I would ask the gentleman if
the excess of postage will not more than pay for
that ocean service?
Mr. SICKLES. It does'not approach it.
Mr, CURRY. The excess is |5,000,000.
Mr. JOHN COCH RANE. Mr. Chairman, it is
evidently unjustand unwise to test this question
by any such considerations as have been advanced
upon this floor to-day. Why, sir, it is improper to
say that New York, or any State in the northeast,
is not entitled to her balance stated favorably in
respect to the accounts of the Post Office Depart-
ment, because, forsooth,that balance is contributed
from other quarters. As well might you say that
the letters which come into the office at the city
of New York from the country of New York,
becausa they are contributed from the country,
shall not, therefore, be carried to the city. Why,
these balances are to be carried to the city for the
simple reason that she enjoys advantages of po-
sition and location and character, commercial and
otherwise; and it is because of those advantages
that other parts of the country are made tributary
to her; tributary because of hefnatural position;
because of her rightful advantages; and until the
possession of those advantages shall have been
annulled and obliterated, she will be enjoying ;
what she has a right to enjoy naturally and figu- ;
ratively among her sister States of the Union, j
And when other ports shall enjoy the same natu- >
ral advantages and the same artificial advantages, j
by reason of the increased energy and elasticity [
of their citizens, they, too, will be entitled to the |
same balances; nor sbfculd there be a reduction :
or abatement on account thereof. ' i
Mr. MOORE. I have no hope that the Post
Office can be made self-sustaining at this time;
but I am in favor of reducing the expenditures of ,
that Department whenever it can be done without
injury to the public. I think the mails might be j
carried to the Pacific States at a greatly reduced :
cost to the Government. The sea service from |
New York to Astoria, via Panama and San Fran- |
cisQO, cost $860,750. The overland service to the j
Pacific cost $1,595,038. Total of sea and over- i
land service, $2,455,788. |
The revenue derived from the Post Oflice Department in j
. 1838 amounted to., .t   $1,488,792 86 ;
Expenses i
Deficiency ,§5,235,647 15
For this fiscal year the deficiency will be greater.
The revenue derived from the Tost Office Department in
England, m 1856, amounted to §13,880,897 36
Expenses  7,987,108 36
Excess £5,893,789 00
Mr. Chairmain, I was surprised to hear the gen- |
tleman from New York charge that the deficiency :
in the revenue for the Post Office Department in ;
the other States had to be supplied, in part, by j
the surplus realized in his State and city. ,
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman refers to '
me, I desire to explain.
Mr. MOORE. 1 did refer to the gentleman.
Mr. SICKLES. Then I desire to correct the
gentleman by saying that I made no such eharge.
1 repelled the charge from the other side, that the
deficiency in the Post Office Department came
from the service rendered in the city of New
York from the ocean lines. I denied it. I said
that the ocean lines from New York cost not a
farthing to the Government; that they received
only the postage. I made no charge. I merely
repelled one which had been made on my State.
Mr. MOORE. 1 acceptthe explanation of the
gentleman. New York is the great center and em-
porium of.this country; all other portions to some
extent pay tribute to her, and this accounts for the
fact of the surplus in the Treasury on account of
the Post Office Department in that city and State.
Besides this, none of the postages now derived
from the American ocean steamers from New
York are now paid into the Treasury.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman whether
he would charge New York with the entire ex-
pense incurred for carrying the mails to Califor-
nia and New Orleans, merely because the steamer
starts from New York?
Mr. MOORE. New York is the principal bene-
ficiary. It is there that the steamers start; there
they are loaded and unloaded; and there the pas-
sengers, both going and coming, are congregated.
Mr. SICKLES. Why, sir, if a letter is written
in Baltimore or Washington, or in any of the
eastern States, and transmitted to New York to
be forwarded to California or New Orleans, the
writer of the letter is the beneficiary, and not New
York.
Mr. MOORE. That is true; and so letters
which are written by New York merchants, to
any part of the country, are transported for their
benefit. The gentleman also states that the
amount paid to the Bremen, Havre, Liverpool,
and other steamship ocean lines, cost the Govern-
ment nothing.
Mr. SICKLES. Not one dollar goes out of
the Treasury for that service. They only re-
ceive the amount of the postages.
Mr. MOORE. How can the gentleman con-
tend that the ocean lines from New York cost the
Government nothing, when these lines receive
every dollar of sea and inland pestage by the
United States steamers—as follows: from New
York to Liverpool, $7,135 per trip; from New
York to Havre, $7,491 per trip; from New York
to Bremen, §8,621 per trip—amounting for.the
year to $399,706 ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
by adding the following:
Provided} That the mail sea scrvicc between New York
and Havana, Cuba, and between New York and New Or-
leans. shall be discontinued from and after the 1st of July
next.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This bill provides merely for the
inland mail service. There is another appropria-
tion bill known as the mail steamer appropriation
bill, to which the gentleman's amendment, if in
order at all, would apply. I submit that his
amendment is not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order. There is no provision in this bill making
appropriations for the ocean mail service.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, I should
have finished what.I had to say by this time, if
the gentleman had let me go on. I move to amend
the amendment of my colleague, by adding, "un-
less the exigencies of the public service demand
it."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have to say in refer-
ence to the question of postages connected with
New York, that it is customary for gentlemen
from that State to boast that New York contrib-
utes largely to the postal revenue of the country,
far beyond, in amount, to the expenditures on her
account; but what is the actual fact? Why, sir,
the correspondents of the merchants of New York
pay the postage on their lelteis as now required
by law; and those merchants charge their corre-
spondents with the postage on their replies. For
instance: if I write a letter to New York, 1 pay
the postage on my letter; I receive an answer
from the merchant to whom I have written, and
for the postage paid by him upon it, he charges
me in my account with him.
Mr. MORGAN. Why, I nt ,-er heard of such
a thing. The New York merchants do not en-
gage in so small business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That I understand
to be the case. Gentlemen boast of the large
sums collected in the city of New York, and the
committee can now see how little is really paid
I from the resources of that city.
Mr. Chairman, there is another matter I wish
gentlemen to look to. There are three steamer
lines from New York—one to Havana, one to New
Orleans, and one to Aspin wall—all of which are
heavily paid by the Government and kept up?by
Government money, and all of Xvhich are indirect
conflict with the various railroad lines from New
Yqrk to New Orleans. There is a sea line-from
Charleston to Havana fully equal to all passenger
and mail necessities. That from.New York to New
Orleans is wholly unnecessary, and tbatfrom Now
York to Aspin wall may be advantageously super-
seded by rail to New Orleans, and steam thence,
and which would secure quicker time, and at a
great saving of public money. Millions have been
expended in the construction of railroads between
New York and New Orleans, by which superior
and perfect security has been given to the mails
and ample accommodation to the traveling pub-
lic. Now, I ask why those sea lines should be
kept up at an enormous expense, wholly without
necessity, and to the deep prejudice of that great
system of rails which connect those two cities? It
should seem that a reform called for by,justice
and economy ought to be adopted.
I want gentlemen who are interested in the rail-
road lines to which I refer, to take notice that the
sea-going service regularly takes-from them hun-
dreds and thousands of passengers, Why should
the Government, without public necessity, expend'
hundreds of thousands of dollars to create a mis-
chievous rivalry of the railroad lines between Ne„w
York and New Orleans? Yet, sir, such is the fact;
and I protest against it; I protest against this rank
injustice. Why, sir, we can now go from New
York to New Orleans in four days and a half by
railway, and that soon to be reduced, and then in
three or four days we can go to Aspmwall. By.the
steamers from New York it takes nine days. Why
adopt a system which deprives the railroads be-
tween these extreme points of the legitimate busi-
ness to which they are fairly entitled ? If this be
not the proper place to correct it, I will take care
to offer an amendment to effect it when that time
arrives.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Chairman, I am happy
to hear from the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] that New York is indebted entirely for her
population, for her commerce, her shipping', her
wealth, and resources, to the generosity of those
who, like himself and his neighbors, have chosen
it as the channel for commercial intercourse solely
from patriotic, philanthropic, and self-sacrificing
impulses. I had always thought before that com-
mon sense people were governed in their choice
of a depot of import and export, of purchase and
sUtlc, of trade and commerce, by ordinary mer-
cantile reasoning; that they went to New York
to transact their business because it was their in-
terest to go therei and that the gentleman, if he
would go to California or Europe, would embark
from New York instead of some port in Vir-
ginia, because it has more conveniences and ad-
vantages to do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Permit me to inter-
rupt you.
Mr. SICKLES. I cannot. I did not interrupt
the gentleman. The gentleman makes up a post-
age account between New York and other States
with the most extraordinary confusion of ideas.
Mr. BURNETT. ! dislike to interrupt the gen1-
tleman, but I wish to stop this debate. I insist
that gentlemen shall confine their remarks to the
amendment pending, either iuf^vor or in oppo-
sition to it.
Mr. SICKLES. I am opposing the amend-
ment.
Mr. BURNETT. But the gentleman's remarks
are not relevant to the pending amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. They are relevant to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Virginia. The gen-
tleman should have made his point sooner. It is
not fair to make it upon me now. I am answer-
ing thespeech already made, without.mterruption,
in favor of the amendment. The gentleman from
Virginia says that other people pay the postage
on New York letters. He says that letters to
New York are prepaid. Be it so. If they are
prepaid,-they are paid at the point from which
they are sent, and they do not go to the credit of
the New York account. The returns from New
York, therefore, do not embrace this amount.
