1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cretion ? It is a discretion not confided to any
other Secretary, and which cannot be safely or
wisely confided to any. You say to the Postmas-
ter General, by refusing this amendment and con-
tinuing the present system, that he shall have au-
thority and power to make contracts for carrying
the mails upon every post road in thecou'ntry.
You know thst posts roads are established, as a
matter of course. He can put upon them just so
much service as he pleases, and at such rates as
he pleases. It is too large a power. It is too vast
a discretion. I believe that the gentleman from
Virgipia is moving in the right direction when
he is for the withdrawal of that power from the
Postmaster General.
Mr. STANTON. Is the gentleman satisfied
that the appropriation is large enough for neces-
sary purposes ? If it is, I am with him.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I perceive by
the bill now before the committee, that we propose
to appropriate some $17,000,000 this year for the
postal service of the country. At the-same time,
we are informed that the receipts from postages
■will only amount to some $8,000,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Seven and a half
millions.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The bill itself
proposes to take from the Treasury something
more than twenty million dollars—$4,000,000 of
which is for a deficiency. If we are to go on this
year and appropriate $17,000,000 for the postal
service of the country, independent of the mail
steamer service, unless there is some restriction
placed upon the Postmaster General, what reason
r.ave we to suppose or believe, judging from the
past, that there will not be in the next appropri-
ation bill a deficiency as large or larger.
Mr. MAYNARD. 'The Postmaster General
is to issue proposals for service during the year.
Suppose those bids do not come in low enough
under the amount appropriated, is the service to
be stopped for that reason >
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not un-
derstand that the Postmaster General is bound to
put service at all events on these routes. He is
only authorized to do it. When we limit him to
the amount for which he shall make any con-
tracts, then he will have no authority by law to
increase them, and he will not make any con-
tracts for the service beyond that limit. Let us
establish this system. Then he can go to work
and curtail the expenditures^ and reduce the ex-
penses of the Department to something like the
receipts. It is a step in the right direction. No
injury can result from it. A great deal of good
may result.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the gentleman willing
to trust the Postmaster General if he curtails the
service in Maine and Virginia ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. In order to
make his Department profitable, he has only to
put the service upon the great routes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I propose to
amend the amendment by inserting these words:
Provided, It does not violate existing laws.
Mr. Chairman, I give my friend from Virginia
great credit for the effort he is making on this
occasion, as well as heretofore, for the purpose of
effecting reform, either in regard to the Post
Office Department or any other branch of the
public service. It occurs to me, however, that
nothing will be accomplished in this way, and
that nothing has been effected by this discussion.
A vast deal of time has been consumed upon it,
and certainly not a dollar has been saved. Whilst
all possible economy should be used, I do not
agree with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garn'ettJ or the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Eeitt,] that the Post Office Depart-
ment should be self-sustaining. Such, I appre-
hend, is not the contemplation of the Constitution
of the United States in conferring this authority
Where do gentlemen find th? express power to
charge postage on letters ? It has been said that
the Government might just as well carry other
commodities free of charge, as ^transport at less
than cost, letters, papers, &c. Where in the Con-
stitution is the power found to charge for the
. transportation of letters? it not derived ft om
implication ? The Constitution of the United
States says that Congress shall have power to es-
establish post offices and post roads. There it
stops, just as it says that it shall pTovide or raise
and support an army, a navy; but does that ne-
cessarily give authority to charge for the trans-
portation of letters ? That is a matter of sound
discretion or construction, if you please, to be ex-
ercised by Congress.
I have heard a good deal said pro and con. about
the discretion exercised by the Postmaster Gen-
eral under the authority conferred upon him by
Congress. Much discretionary power must ne-
cessarily be confided in him, in this branch of
itfie public service: for, if Congress were to attempt
to undertake to manage the detailed business of
the Post Office—to say on what routes service
should be put, and what should be its character—
it would require to be in perpetual session: yes,
sir, from the beginning to the end of the year. In
the discussion that has taken place here, partici-
pated in by gentlemen on all sides, I am glad to
observe nobody has undertaken to impeach the
integrity, competency, or efficiency of the Post-
master General. That Department has immense_
duties to perform. Look at the extent of the opera-
tions of the postal service throughout all the States
and Territories.of the Union, from the Atlantic
to the'Pacific, and around, over, and across the
high seas. Look at its complexity on the land.
From this city, for instance, the mails are dis-
patched to New York, as has been said here, sev-
eral times a day; and so throughout the country.
The discretionary power to arrange and regulate
all the vast and complicated machinery of the sys-
tem is, and must necessarily be, vested in the
Postmaster General, or some other high officer.
The Government could not be carried on without
the Judiciary, without the Army, or without the
Navy, 1 think; and certainly, the postal arrange-
ments are quite as indispensable. As to reducing
mail facilities in this day of progress, that is out
of the question. I dare say, no such retrograde
Steps can be taken. All that we can reasonably
expect, is the exercise of a sound and honest dis-
cretion in this now great and immense branch of
the public service, and that all useless expens#
shall be avoided. I think the Postmaster Gen-
eral is faithfully discharging his duty, and de-
serves the commendation of the country for his
industry and efficiency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have but a few
words to say in opposition to the remarks which
fell from the gentleman from Maine. He seemed
to intimate that the Postmaster General, in the
expenditures of the Post Office Department, hid
exceeded the amount of money placed by Con-
gress at his disposal. The expenditures during
this fiscal year, and the estimated expenditures
for the rest of the fiscal year are no greater than
Congress authorized. The gfsntleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] correctly called the attention
of the committee to the appropriations contained
in this bill; and the remarks which he submitted,
were also applicable to the provisions contained
in the Post Office appropriation bill of last ses-
sion. Congress then appropriated upwards of
$14,000,000, to be paid out of the revenues of the
Post Office Department for inland service; and
more than $400,000, to be paid out of the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department foropean mail
service. The estimated revenues of the Post Office
Department for the same year, were $7,100,000.
That left a balance of over seven million dollars
to be provided for and paid out of the Treasury,
A portion, only, of this balance, was, at the last
session, provided to be paid; and now Congress is
I called upon, at this second session, to provide a 
much as is necessary to enable the Postmaster
General to execute the law which you have com-
mitted to his charge. The same remark is kpph-
cable to the revenues of the next fiscal year. The
estimates of the Postmaster Generaf show the
revenue for the year to be upwards of seven mil-
lion dollars; and yet this committee has already
recommended appropriations to the amount of
nearly seventeen million dollars.
If Congress inscribes on the statute-book alaw
makingappropriations of money, and calls oil the
Executive Departments execute that law,it is to
be presumed that Congress intends to supply the
deficiency that may be created by the execution
of that law. You have appropriated a sum m
for the transportation of the mails. If gen-
tlemen desire ta reduce the mail service of the
country, or to diminish the frequency of the trips
on the mail routes, or to discontinue, any of the
mail routes, why do they not propose to. reduce
the appropriation made for next year, under the
head of " transportation of the mails?" 1*he
Postmaster General tells you, in his letter, that
the revenues of the Post Office Department will
be insufficient even to pay for the transportation •
of the mails, much less to pay the other expenses;
and it is for the House to vote such a deficiency
as may be necessary for the service of the De-
partment;
The question was taken on Mr. Stewart's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the words,!' in excess of
the appropriations made for the same." I do it
for the purpose of making an inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, ana it is this; whether it is
his intention by this amendment to reduce the
expenditures of the Post Office Department to the
actual receipts, and thereby make it a self-sustain-
ing Department?
Mr. GARNETT. While I do not disguise that
my individual opinion is that the Post Office De-
partment should be self-sustaining, I do not pro-
pose to make it so by this amendment. All I now
propose is, that the amount to be expended by
the Post Office Department shall be regulated by
law, and not left to the discretion of the Post-
master General.
Mr. DAWES. I observe in the first sc'ction,
that whatever moneys are to be expended for the
support of the Department are to be taken' out of
the revenues of the Department. If, therefore, this
amendment should be adopted, which provides
that no money shall be expended exoept such as
is appropriated by this first section, then it fol-
lows that not a dollar can he expended in the Post
Office service except the receipts, and that would
make it a self-sustainingDepartment. If the mem-
bers of the committee are prepared to make the
Post Office De'partmentatonceaself-sustaimng De-
partment, I apprehend they will vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia. Whether
the gentleman comprehends his own amendment
or not, it seems to me, that the force and effect of
it wilj be to limit the Postmaster General in the .
expenditures of his Department to-the actual re-
ceipts; and 1 hope that our friends upon this side
of the House, at least, who have not hitherto been
disposed to vot& to make the Post Office Depart-
ment self-sustaining, will not vote for this amend-
ment. ;
Mr. GARNETT. I merely wish to say this:
that, if my amendment is adopted, it will be per-
fectly competent for the gentleman to move to
appropriate whatever sum he chooses^in aid of
the revenues of the Post Office Department. I
do not believe there is a majority in the House
m favor of making the Post Office Department
self-sustaining, and 1 do not expect them to do it;
but I do expect to find a majority of the House
in favor of saying how much the- Postmaster
General shall be at liberty to take out of the Treas-
ury in aid of the revenues of his Department. If
my amendment be adopted, gentlemen can.fol-
low it up by an amendment to appropriate what-
ever sum, in addition to the revenues of the De-
partment, they think proper and necSssary—one,
two, ten, or twenty million dollars.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. ENGLISH. I offer the amendment to
the amendment which I send to the Clerk s desk,
- The Clerk commenced to read the amendment,
which proposes to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. That amendment is clearly out of
01The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is in order. It is germane to the bill.
Mr. GARNETT. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana to'allow the vote to be taken on my
amendment before he offers his.
Mr. ENGLISH. Very well; I will withdraw
my amendment for the present. ^
' The question was taken on Mr. Gakkett s
amendment; and it was rejected—ayes thirty-four
noes not counted.
Mr. AVERY. I offer the following amend-
