1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
Mr. KAItKSDALE. Will the gentleman yield !
to me a moment, in order that I may introduce a j
bill for refurpnee only? !
Mr. KEITT. I will with pleasure, if I do not i
lose my right to the floor. j
The SPEAKER. It has been the practice of
the House to do anything by unanimous consent,
but the Chair cannotconceive how the, gentleman
from South Carolina can yield to the gentleman
from Mississippi, and yet retail) his riFjht to the
floor unless by unanimous consent. The Chair
would also say to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, that the special order which is in force oper-
ates only in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. KEITT. Let us settle the matteratonce.
There may be other business to-morrow to crowd
this question from consideration.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the pro-
position that the gentleman from South Carolina
yield the floor to the gentleman from Mississippi,
for the purpose of introducing a bill ?
Several Members objected.
Mr. KEITT. Then I insist on my motion that
the rules be suspended for the puipose of taking ;i
vip the Senate resolution for the adjournment over j,
the holidays. h
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in order to renew that i;
motion when it has already been voted down ? jj
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion |'
that it is ill order to move a suspension of the |j
rules as often as gentlemen may see fit. The re- j,
jection of the motion to suspend is not a decision j
of the question. The very reason which induced j1
the Chair not to entertain the motion of the gen- j'
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,] proposing to j
reconsider the vole refusing a suspension of the j
rules, would indicate the opinion of the Chair that |
it was in order to renew the motion forasuspen- :j
sion as many times during the day as gentlemen I;
can get the floor for that purpose. If that were j
not so, the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
would have been in order. ^ j.
The veasaad nays were demanded and ordered. 1
Mr. CURRY moved that the House adjourn. >
The House refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division, only fifty-nine ayes, noes not counted. j
Mr. HUGHES." Is it in order to move that we ,j
proceed to the consideration of the business upon ■
tiie Speaker 'stable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The morning hour -
has not yet commenced. ■:
The question was taken on Mr. Keitt's mo- j
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas . i
1:29, nays 61; as follows: !:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiam, Alll, Anrteison, An- 1
diew-, Armild, Avery, Baik:(Ule, Bennett. Rillnigliuia,
B're'bam. Bishop. Rlfur, Bii-s. ISonliam, Howie, lioyee, ,
JSianeii. JJr).tn. Bmhnaame, Burnett, Bums, Case, Cava- ;
lidu^ii. Chapman. Horace F. Claik, CUvvson, Clay, Clark j
IJ. Cochrane, Joiiii Coclnane. Coining, Cox. Bmtim ('raise, :|
Cr.iwionl. Curtis. Davidson, Davis o! Maspaci'twtt:?, Davirf > j
of Iowa.' Hick. 'Dimnuck, Eiimnndaim, Enali-li, Eimis, !,
Farn-u orl!i, I"\'li!«iii. Phuence, Foley, Giiin'tt, Gaitiell, j
Cdlis, Gilniei, Cifgs,'Grow. Uobert B. HaH.Harus. Ilatdl, ;
Iiawkuif. Hiekin.i.i. linrtoii, Howard, Hiiglie*. Ilu'iier,
Jackson."Jenkins, Jeivett, Owen Jones. Kene, Kent, kel- ,
Jr.-", Kelly, Kelrcy, Kilsore. John C. Kunkcd, Laui.n. Law- '
renee, Maelay. McQueen, alason, Mavnaid. Mile-. Miller,
Eilwaid Joy Morn;,, Oliver A. Morse. Mott, Muuay, Aab- j
lack, Nichols, i'almer, Fendleton, l'eyton, William \\ . .
Phelps, Pln'lip-, Pottei. Pottle. Pitrviance. Rongr.n, lii'illy, ;
Kicaud,Koltbms.Russell, Sandidse, Scott. Sewrud, Shotter,
Singleton, Robert Smith, William Strntli, Stalltvoitll, Ste- ]
plietis, tftevenson, William Stewart, Talbot, Ihotupson,
Trippe, Underwood. Vallaiidi^bani, Waklrou, Waid. _Cad-
ualader C. Washburn, Elhlm B. Washhtirne, Israel Wash- ,
limn, Watkuis, White, Wlnteiey, Window, Woodson, ,
Air'iiMu^ R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoiiei—H9 j
nays — Messis. Atkins, Boeoek, Brajton, Butfinton, ]
Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B. Ciaik, Cobb, Cock- :
dull, Coilax, Uomnis, James Craig, Cmry. Mrivi - of Indiana, (
ol Mississippi, Dean, Dewart, [)odd, Dowdeil, Dur-
le'e Foster Giilduiis. Gilnian, Gonde. Goodwin, Granger,
Greenwood.Groesbeck,Lawreticc W. Hall, Harlan, Hoard,
jiimkin^, Uo'istim, Knapp, Leach, Lenjy, Leiter, LetchPi,
l!umill,|(>V Marshall, Milton. Moore. Morgan, Isaac N.
"l ,r s Par V I'ett t, Pike, Ready, Koyee, Scales, floury
UStow.Johli tfJifMinan, Spinner, SUntm., James A.
fcMi'watt, Tompkins, Wadt-, Walbrulge, Walton,
and Woitt-mh kt—01.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Pendnii the above call.
Mr. HUGHES. Satisfied, sir, that the House
wants a dnect vote on the question, I vote " ay."
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. 1 vote " ay " in
order that the resolution may come up, and be
adopted or rejected on a direct vote.
Mr. ICEITT. I call for the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. Is it in order to amend the
resolution, and make the adjournment over for a
shorter time ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the main question
has been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews. Ar-
nold, Avery, Bennett, Billinghuret, Bl-hop, Blair, Bliss,
ISonliam, Boyee, Brancll, Bryan. Burlingame, Burnett,
Bums, Case, Chapman, Horace F Clark, Ciaw.-on. Clay,
Clatk B. Cochiaiio. John Cochrane, Coming, Cox, Binton
Craige, Davi« of Massachusetts, Davis or' Towa, Edmund-
son, Elliott, Eusti-, Fenton, Floienee, G.lrnett, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Gregg. Grow, Hatch. Hawkins, Hickman, Hortort,
Howaiil, Iluvler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jnwett, Owen Jones,
Keitt, Kellogg, Kelly. Kelsej, Kngore, John C. Kuiikel,
Lamar, Lawrence, Ijovejoy, Maclay, McQueen, Hum-
phrey Marshall. Mason, Maynaid, Miles. Ohvei A. Morse,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Purviaricc,
Reagan, Holjhms, Rns eH. Saoilidge. Scott, Seward, Sm-
gletun, Samuel A . Smith, William Smuh, Stallnoith, Ste-
venson, Tdlliot, Thompson, Tuppc, Waldron. \Yaid. Cad-
walader C. Washburn. Elhhu IS. Washbume, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkins, Winteley, Vvuiftiow, Woodson, Augustus
R. Wright, and Zollieotfcr—S5.
KAYS—Mes-ri,. Atkin-- Barksdale, Bingham, Bocock,
Biavron. Buffinton, Caskic, Cavanaugh, Chaft'ee, Ezra
Clatk, John B. Ciaik, Cobb, Cocketill, Colfax. _ Cora ins,
James Ciaig, Crawford, Cuny, Curtis, Davis, of Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Davvj«, Dean, Dewait, Dick. Doild,
Dovvdi'II, Duri'ee, English, Faulswortn, Foley. Fostei, Gid-
dmgs.Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeek. Lawience W.
Hall. Robert B. Hall, Ilnrlan Tl I ill, Iloard, Hopkins, Hous-
ton Hughes, Geortze VY. Jone-, Kcim, Knapp. Leach,
Lei'dy, Letter, Letchei, Samuel S. Maishail, Sillier, Mnl-
son, "Joore, Moigan. Cilwani Joy Moms, Is.tac N. Morris1,
Nibla' k, Pabnei. Pr.rkei, Pendleton. Pettit, Peyton, lolin
S, Phelps, William W. Phelps, 1'ike, Ready, lletlly, Ilircliie,
Royce, Savage, Scales, llcmy M. Shaw, John Sbeimaa,
Shorter. Rohen Srmlli, Spinner. Stanton. James A. Sttw-
art, William Stewart, Tappan.* Miles Taylor, Tompkins,
Frideiwoo.i. Yallandigliata, Yanee, Wade. Walbrulge,
I Walton, White, Wortendyke, and John Y. Wright—94.
| So the joint resolution was passed.
; Pending the call, '
! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said: Suppose the
! interests of the country should demand that the
President should callus together n ain: who will
; be responsible for this adjournment—the Demo-
cratf or Ronublicans ?
! Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
i now adjourn.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before that mo-
' tion is put, I wish to move that when the House
, adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Thursday
! next.
i Mr- Joxes's motion was not agreed to.
i "I^e question was then token on Mr. Sewami's
| motion; and the House refused to adjourn.
I Mr. KEITT moved to reconsider the vote by
! which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
; Mr. MORGAN demanded tne yeas and nays
! on the latter motion; and asked for tellers on the
i! yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
yeas and nays wete nolordered.
The ,  ,
The question was takuv, and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 111, noes 4G.
°So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
And then, on motion of Mr. BARKSDALE, (at
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,)'the House
adjourned.    
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 21, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. B. E- Bittekgeu.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
i-eimm- uie . ff : Sutes, transmitting a report from the Secretary
Mr. MORRILLjstftted^tKt ht had \ alio ^ "accornpanying document, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the ithof
: Jtuiu u'V last, calling for all the official dispatches
and correspondence of Hon. Robert M. Aic-
Lane and of the Hon. Peter Parker, late com-
i missioneis of the United Stales in China, with
with Mr. Dams, of Maryland
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I am
against the resolution, and shall not vote for it;
but i will vote now to suspend the rules in order
that the House may have a direct vote on tiie
question.
the Department of State; which was, on motion
of Mr. Foot, ordered to lie on the table; and a
motion by him to print the documents was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, in answer to a'resolution of
the Senate calling for the annual report of Lieu-.
tenant Colonel Graham on lake harbors; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of man-
ufacturers of gold and silver leaf in the city of
New York, and other places, praying a modifi-
cation of the tariff of 1857, in respect to gold and
silver leaf, and the articles used in their manu-
facture; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented three petitions of inhabitants
of Oneida and Jafferson counties, New York,
praying the erection of a breakwater at the port
of Cape Vincent; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FOOT. I am requested to present the pe-
tition of JerommhThorn ton, praying to be alio wed
an invalid pension, for a wound received in the
last war with Great Britain. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I am personally acquainted with the petitioner;
and believing the application to be a very merit-
orious one, I ask the early and favorable attention
of that committee to the application.
It was so referred.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Theo-
dore Lewis, military storekeeper at the Wash-
ington arsenal, praying compensation^ for per-
forming the duties of assistant commissary of
subsistence; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FITCH presented a memorial of the Pa-
cific and Pueblo Railroad Company, praying for
a grant of land to aid in the construction of that
i road; which was referred to the Committee on
j Public Lands.
I He also presented a memorial of the Leaven-
| worth and Fort Gibson Railroad Company in
Kansas Territory, praying for a grant of land to
I aid m the construction of said road; which was
! referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I Mr. BRODERICIC presented the memorial of
\ George C. Johnson, praying for the passage of a
j bill for the further adjudication of the validity of
i a Mexican grant, by the United States district
| court for the northern district of California; which
S was referred to the Committee on Private Land
: Claims. .
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of Gil-
bert Vanderwerken, praying that the bill passed
by the House of Representatives in relation to a
railroad along Pennsylvania avenue, in the city
of Washington, may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the. Senate, re-
laitus? to the claim of Alexander Wood, adminihtriitor of
VViliTam Wood and George M. Wood; the claim of Alex-
ander Wood, administrator of Jo^iah W. Stewart; the claim
ot'lipwis Roberts, arul the claim of Adam P. bheglcy, be
i letVued to the ('omnnttec on Indian Affairs,
j On motion of iVIr. DURKEE, it was
i Oiderc'l. That the petition and papers of the b«;ir3 of
! Jabez U. Hooker, on the files of the Senate, be ieferred to
' the Committee 011 tne District of Columbia.
j BILLS INTRODUCED,
i Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
! sent obtained, ieave to introduce a bill (S. -No.
! 477) authorizing the removal of the offices be-
: longing to the United States, and occupied by the
' collector of the revenue, in connection with the
t quarantine station in the port ofNew York; which
1 was read twice by its title, and referred to the
! Committee on Finance.
1 Mr BAYARD, in pursuance of previous no-
; tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
| (Qt jvo. 478) to provide for holding the courts ot
j the United States in the State of Alabama; which
i was read twice by its title, and referred to the
1 Committee on the Judiciary.
: Mr, BROWN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
1 (S No 479) conferring curtain powers on the cor-
1 porations of Washington and Georgetown, winch
