154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
REPORTS OF COMMITTKES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Lewis
Purdy and others, asked- to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 462) for the relief of
William Wallace, of Illinois, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of William Welch, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the resolution
of the Legislature of Minnesota, relative to the
Sioux and Winnebago reservations, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Secretary of the Interior;
which was agreed to.
NEW SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Giounds, to whom was referred a
resolution directing an inquiry into the condition
of the new Chamber for the Senate, and at what
time it might be permanently occupied, and what
ceremony should be observed in removing thereto,
submitted the following report:
That by the 4 th day of January next, the Cham-
ber can be finished and furnished in a suitable
manner for the reception of the Senate; and your
committee suggest that, in their opinion, an ad-
dress from the Vice President on the occasion of
the removal would be appropriate, and recommend
the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved* That the superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion be diiected to prepare the Chamber for the occupancy
of the Senate by the 4th day of Januaiy next, and that a
Committee of three be appointed by the Chair to make all
necobtiary ariangements.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to call the attention
of tiio chairman of the committee to an inquiry
which I desire to make: whether any arrangement
lias been made, or any plan agreed upon, by
which the Senators are to occupy the seats in the
new Chamber. Unless there be some arrangement
before we go into it, there will be a scramble for
the choice of seats. It seems to me that that mat-
ter ought to be regulated,and that the committee
ought to propose some plan for that purpose.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will answer the inquiry.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
object to the consideration of the resolution to-
day.
Mr. BRIGHT. If objected to, it lies over, of
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) It must go over till to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD subsequently stud: I have rea-
son to believe that if the honorable Senator from
Indiana will renew the call for the question on his
resolution, the objection to its consideration to-
day will be withdrawn.
Mr. MASON. It will be renewed. I shall
renew it.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
The subject therefore lies over.
TI-IE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inqune
whether any provisions of law aie necesi-ary. by way of
amendment to existing laws which prohibit the African
slave uade, to secure the ctlectual suppression thoieof.
J. H. MERRILL.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved) That the Court of Claims be requested to return
to the Senate the papers in the eat>e of J. I!. Merrill vs. the
United States.
They were referred to the Court by an order of
the Senate, at the last session, and the claimant
wishes them to be brought back.
Air. IVERSON. Is the resolution up for con-
sideration ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent to consider it
at this time.
Mr. IVERSON. I" have no objection to its
consideration, but I wish to discuss it.
Mr. BROWN. Then I hope it will not be con-
sidered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
NEW YORK HARBOR.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate whether, from any information now
in his Department, or which can be obtained, there is, in his
opinion, now belonging to the United States any land in the
harbor of New York, or its vicinity, winch can properly be
appropriated to the use of the revenue department in case
the same should be required for such purpose.
JEREMIAH WRIGHT.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives, to request the return to the Senate of bill H. R.
No. 36.), grantni" a pension to Jeremiah Wright, which
was returned to the House on the 17th instant.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS IN OREGON.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate, such correspondence and other
information as he may possess in rolation to the claims of
British subjects to pippuetary rights in the Territories of
Oregon and Washington of the United States.
MEXICAN DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, so far as it is
compatible with the public interest, to lay before the Sen-
ate the correspondence between the Mexican Government
and Mr. Forsyth, Minister of the United States to Mexico;
and the coiret-pondence of the State Department on the
subject of Mexican affairs, retorred to in his! late annual
message, and such other conespondenee as may be neces-
sary to elucidate the complications which resulted in the
.suspension of diplomatic m lattonn with Mexico by the Uni-
ted States Legation in that country.
CAPTURE OF WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be diiected to
communicate ro the Senate copies of any letters or corie-
spondence, now on file in his Department, between the
President of Nicaragua and Commodore Uuam I'auldirig,
hi relation to the capture of Walker and his command at
San Juan de Nicaragua, in December, 1857.
EXPENDITURES FOR INDIANS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following order;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
0>rfercf/, That the usual nunibci of copies he ptiiiied^bi-
tlie use of the Senate, of the accounts of the Trea«suier of*
the United States, communicated 3Oth December, 18."iS;
and the lettei of Second Auditoi, communicating copies ot
accounts of di.-biii«omenK toi the bewfit of the Indian
! tribes, communicated :20th December, 3856.
RECESS FOR CHRISTMAS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the reso-
lution of the Senate, providing1 for a temporary
adjournment of Congress from the 23d instant to
the 4th of January, 1859.
HIRAM POWERS.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been instructed by the
Committee on the Libiary, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 47G) to authorize the President to
make advance in money to IJiram Powers, to re-
port it back with a recommendation that if pass.
I ask the Senate to proceed to its consideration
now, being sure that, after a very brief explana-
tion, there will be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill; which authorizes the President, out of
the moneys heretofore appropiiated by law to en-
able the President of the United States to contract
with Hiram Powers for certain statuary, to make
such partial payments in advance as he shall
derm fit.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I beg to state,
for the information of the Senate, that some four
years ago an appropriation was made, and put at
the disposal of the Piesident, for the purpose of
procuring certain statues from Mr. Hiram Pow-
ers, an American citizen and sculptor, now re-
siding at Florence. It has been customary, when
statues or paintings have been ordered to be made,
to make some advances, generally a small portion
of the money which is needful to the artist's, be-
cause they are generally not people of much
money, and they are put to expenses which it is
reasonable they should have the means of de-
fraying at the outset. These contracts have been
made so for the test thirty years, and the con-
tract has been prepared in this case. It stipulates
for the payment of about two thousand five hun-
dred dollars, I think, in advance, and partial pay-
ments as the work shall progress, the progress
of the work to be certified to the President by the
United States consul at Leghorn, he being the
nearest functionary to the residence of Mr. Pow-
ers. The President has no doubt at" all of the
propriety of making this allowance; but the Sec-
retary of the Interior has suggested that an act
passed in 1823, intended to apply to disbursing
officers, forbids payments in advance to anybody
on any contract with the United States. Although
it may be somewhat doubtful whether the lan-
guage of that act is intended to apply to a case of
this sort, being applicable only to disbursing offi-
cers; and this fund not being in charge of a dis-
bursing officer, but remaining solely at the dis-
cretion of the President, it has been thought proper
to authorize the President by law to make such
advances. I take it for granted there will be no
opposition to it; and I therefore ask that the bill
may be put on its passage this'morning.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NEW MESSENGER.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I ask that
the resolution which I offered yesterday morning,
to which the honorable Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Clay] objected, may be taken up. I under-
stand from the senior Senator from Indiana,
this morning, that upon looking intothe matter,
he would not object. The object of tffe resolution
(I will explain it, for I suppose it would pass
unanimously, if understood,) is simply this: A
boy, by the name of Ragan,was hereon the floor,
working for us at the last session of Congress.
During the recess a messenger died, and Ragan
was putin his place. Ragan was put hereunder
the direction of law, and the Sergeant-at-Arms,
without an act reviving that or something equiv-
alent to it, docs not wish to make the appoint-
ment; it creates no new place, no additional ex-
penditure, and does not add to the force we have
had heretofore. I suppose there cannot possibly
be any objection to it. I hope the Secretary will
read the resolution, and that the Senate will pass it.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to; and the Senate proceeded to consider
the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Seigeant-at-Arms be authorized to
employ a person in the faeivice of the Senate, m the place
of, and at the same compensation as H. J. Ragan, pro-
moted.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the passage of the resolution, and declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Before that resolution passes, I
wish to hear some explanation of the necessity
for it. I think we have more employes about the
Senate now than there are members. We have
more than one to each man.
Mr. CLAY. I deem it ncccssary, in conse-
quence of the remarks of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, to sa v that he misapprehended my position.
I said I would not make any argumentagainst the
resolution, but that I could not vote for it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I will give
an explanation if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire desires it. The resolution to which I allude
was introduced by the late Hon. John M. Clay-
ton. This boy was brought in here and put under
employment. He continued in employment under
that resolution until, a messenger dying in the re-
cess, he was promoted to fill that messenger's
place. The object of this resolution is simply to
have an appointment to fill Ragan's place. It pro-
vides for no additional force, no increase.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the date of that res-
olution r
