1858.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I find it in
the Journal, as follows:
" Mr. Cistern fc-ubmitted the following resolution for con-
sideration :
"Resolved, That Horatio J. Jlagan be continued in the
service of the Senate, under the authority of the Bergeant-
at-Arm^, until the further order of the Senate."
That was in 1855. He was so continued, and
while he was so continued a messenger died, he
was put in the messenger's place, and this is
nothing in the world but to fill up the rank and
file. Unless I was perfectly satisfied that it was
right, I would not offer it. I am very cautious
about such things.
Mr. HALE. Is this a resolution to fill up
Ragan's place as messenger?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Yes; to fill
his place as messenger. It creates no additional
office. That is all the explanation I can gi\e
about it. I think it perfectly proper, perfectly
right. It does not tax the Treasury. I do not
think it is a ease on which to display retrench-
ment, economy, and reform.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution, resulted—yeas 13,
nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates. Bright. Brown. Crittenden, Dixon,
Fitch. Foster, Iverson, Jones, Kennedy, Fearce, Simmons,
and Thompson of Kentucky—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Broderick, Cameron,
Clark, Clay, Ciingman, Davis, Fessenden, Fitzpairiek,
Green, Hale,'Hamlin. Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Mason, Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, SIi-
dell, Toombs, Trumbull, Ward, Wilson, and Wright—-29.
So the resolution was rejected.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Senate i|
bill No. 321. ji
Mr. SLIDELL. What bill is it? |j
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill in relation to the jj
St. Clair flats. !j
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from i!
Michigan moves to take up the bill (S. No. 321)
making an appropriation for deepening the chan- j
nel over the St. Clair flats, in the .State of Mich- I
igan. h
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays, m
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 31, nays 20; as follows: j'
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Biodeuck, Cameron, Chandler, 'j
Clatk, Collamer, Crutcnden. Dixon, Doohttle.Durkce, Fes- i!
eonden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Ilamhn, Hailan. Jones:, Ken- r
nedv, King, Mallotv, Pearce. Rice, Sebastian, Seward, ;;
Shields, Summons, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, 1
Wade, Wilson, and Wright—31. .
NAYS—Messrs. Bavaid, Bigler, Brown, Clay, Clmaman, I
Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Green, Gwin. Hammond, Hous- 1
ton, Iverson, Johnson of Tennes-see, Mason, Xleid, fthdelJ, ]
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Ward—20. ,
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which appropriates §50,000 for the
purpose of deepening the channel over the St.
Clair flats, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the merits of this bill. I merely wish a vote
to be taken upon it. The former appropriation is
exhausted, and this bill provides the exact amount
requisite to finish the work. As I merely desire
a vote upon it, I will not occupy the time of the ,
Senate. . !
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third ■
reading, and was read the third time. j
Mr.lVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays ,
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 22; as follows: j
YE\S—Messrs. Allen, Bato*, Brodenek, Cameron. :
('handler. Claik, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, ;
Durkec, Fe«ende , Foot, Foster, Hale. Hamlin, Harlan, ,
Kcnnedv, Kins, P«xorce. Kice, Sewaid, Shields, bimmons, ,
Thomson ui New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and ;
Wri"ht 29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavaid, Bigler, Bright, Brown. Clny,
Cltimman. Davis Fitch, Fiwpatnck. Hammond,
HoiMon, Iverson. JoIwmhi ot lenm-sw. M.illoij.,M«n,
lteul. .Sebastian, Bluloll, Thompson ot Kentucky, Toonibh,
and Waid—20.
So the bill was passed.
THOMAS LAURENT.
Mr SHIELDS. As there seems to bo no busi-
ness at present before the Senate, I ask leave to
call up the bill S. No. 3:14. I think it will give
rise to no debate. It is a claim which has been
very loojr deft rred. ,11
Mr. GWIN. It is impossible before one 0 clock
to consider that bill. I tlo not know anything
against the bill; but the hour has almost arrived
for the consideration of the special order, and I
object to taking up this bill. 1 have no objection
if it will not interfere with the special order.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think it will lead to no de-
bate. Certainly I am not disposed to discuss it.
It is a case which has been long pending.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator can hear the bell
striking one o'clock now.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the Senator will let it
pass.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think it will be sufficient to
read the report in the case.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
334) for the relief of Thomas Laurent, surviving
partner of the firm of Benjamin and Thomas Lau-
rent, was read a serond time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It requires the Secretary of War to pay to
Thomas Laurent, surviving partner of the firm of
Benjamin and Thomas Laurent, or to his legal
representatives, the sum of gI5,000, being the
amount paid by that firm to Major General Win-
field Scott, in the city of Mexico, for the purchase
of a house, in that city, out of the possession of
which they were since ousted by the Mexican au-
thorities; which amount is to be in full of their
claim against the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report in that
case ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that the petitioner is the surviving part-
ner of the firm of Benjamin & Thomas Laurent,
British subjects, and merchants in the city of Mex-
ico in 1847, where they were tenants in occupancy
of house No. 1, Third street of San Francisco,
the property of the convent PurissimaConception.
On the 11th January, and 4th February of that
year, the Mexican congress passed laws confisca-
ting the church property to carry on the war with
the United States, and theMessrs. Laurent, being
notified that the house they occupied was to be
sold, immediately contracted with the Mexican
Government for the purchase of it for $26,000,
payable a part in cash, and the balance m easy
installments. But before the conveyances could
be executed a revolution broke out in that country,
these confiscating laws were repealed, (on the
29th March, 1847,) and the contract of purchase
was consequently annulled. In September, 1847, j
Major General Scott took military possession of j
the city of Mexico, and promised protection to ;
private and church property in the following :
words of his proclamation: j
"Tins beautiful capital, its churches, and its religion, its
! convents, and its monasteries, tlie inhabitant/; and their
property are, moreover, placed under the special safeguard
of the good faitll and honor of the United States Army.'5
| But being informed of the negotiation alluded
to above, he served upon the Messrs. Laurent the
following notice:
Headquarters of the Army,
Mexico, Novemler 8, 1S47.
Mr. Benjamin and Mr. Thomas Laurent are notified
that the Government of the United States seize aspropertj-
of the Government of Mexico, the .$28,000, foi winch they
purchas-cd house No. 1, 111 tlie Thud street of San Fran- 1
1 ci~co, which sum is now 111 the hands (in the powei) of I
: s;iui u'enilenien ; two thuds thereof payable m cash, and
one third in bond's of twenty-six pei cent. |
1 By command of Major General Scott:
G. V\ . LAY,
| Lieutenant, Military Sec i etui y.
; This is to certify that a debt of §38.000, due by Benjamin
i and Thomas Laurent to the Mexican Government, lor a
i lion e, lias been seized bv me, on behalt of the United
j States Army, as a lawful prize of SCOTT.
> Executed bv Maior General Rcott. m my ptesence. No-
>mber 8 1847. GI-ORGE W. LAY,
i ' Li*ulcnr,nt and Military Secretary.
\ Major General Scott, being now assured by
1 the Messrs. Laurent that this §20,000 had not
| been paid to the Mexican Government, that there
: was 110 existing contract, and that they were only
1 tenants of the convent, undertook to sell the
j; house to the Messrs. Laurent for $15,000 in rash,
I and to put them in possession of it, which was
! done by his order to the notary Arteagor. He
also issued his order to the civil judge to suspend
: all legal proceedings against them, and to leave
■ tlieni m the peaceable possession of the premises,
i This amount, §15,000, was paid by the Messrs.
Laurent to General Scott, and they considered
II themselves the owners of the property under the
: authority of the United States.
After Major General Scott's absence froih Mex-
ico, the Messrs. Laurent addressed to Major
General Butler a letter requesting further security
of title. His answer to that letter is aB follows:
Headquarters Army of Mkxico,
Mexico, March 15, 1$48.
The major general commanding has received the repre-
sentation of the Messrs. Laurent, asking to be confirmed in
their title to the bouse sold them by the Mexican Govern-
ment, the price of which was seized to the use of the Uni-
ted States army.
It appears to him that the most fprmal title which it isjn
the power of military authority to give, has already been
given by the genera!-in-chiefin the certificate that the debt
has been seized by him as prize of war. and in the oid^r to
the legal authorities to put the Messrs.'Laurent in posses-
sion of the house; and the commanding general does not
see what he can add to those sanctions of their title. Should
the Mexican Government hereafter attempt to oust them
from possession, it would be a question between the Gov-
ernments ; and to provide against that case, the command-
nig general will refer the matter to Washington.
W. O. BUTLER, .
Major General Commanding.
It does not appear that General Butler ever com-
municated this matter to the War Department;
and immediately after the evacuation of Mexico
by the American army,the Messrs. Laurent were
sued by the convent for the recovery of the house,
and having no other title than the possession
given them by General Scott, the suit was decided
against them; their appeal to the Supreme Court
was dismissed, and they were formally dispos-
sessed of the property, and so they remain to this
day.
Thus situated, the Messrs. Laurent presented
their claim for damages to the commissioners under
the convention for the adjustment of claims of sub-
jects or citizens of Great Britain and the United
"States against either, Government, where it was
rejected for want of jurisdiction, as the Laurents
were "at the time alien enemies." Having thus
exhausted every other remedy, he now applies to
Congress for relief.
In Lieutenant G. Lay's testimony before the
court of inquiry, in the case of Captain McKins-
try, in January, 1848, he states, that the money
was received by him, and Major General Scott,
in rendering his account of money received by
him in Mexico, on 11th November, 1847, charges
himself with "debt due Mexican Government, col-
lected by Lieutenant Lay," £7,000.
The committee of the Senate are satisfied that
the sum of $15,000 was paid by the Messrs. Lau-
rent in the manner they state, and that they have
received no value therefor, and they report this
bill for the relief of the surviving partner, or their
legal representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had better
be postponed. I should like to look a little fur-
ther into it. I have very strong doubts whether
the Government ought to pay anything.
Mr. SHIELDS. The case is a peculiar one,
and I will state what it is. General Scott levied
$15,000 upon this firm, and put the firm in pos-
session of a house which he believed he had the
power to do at the tftne—a house in lieu of the
$15,000, as a consideration. It turned out that the
house was the property of a convent, and that
these people, the moment he left Mexico, were
ousted from its possession. He levied the $15,000
upon them, and gave them possession as he be-
lieved to be proper*, but they were ousted from the
house, and now they ask for the $15,000. I knew
the parties well in Mexico. They were as re-
spectable men as were then in that city, and they
were amongst our kindest and best friends on all
occasions. This claim has passed the Committee
on Military Affaiis,and I hope the objection will
be withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The hour has arrived for the con-
sideration of the special order, and it becomes the
duty of the Chair to state that fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the matter is to go oil
further now, I have a word to say*, but if the
special order takes piecedenc#, very well.
Mr. GWIN. It goes over I suppose, and the
unfinished business comes up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the unfinished business of yesterday, and
it will now be taken up.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to auuiorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
