1 Alecs'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. • I withdraw my
first motion.
Mr. HUGHES. Then, if the gentleman's mo-
tion is withdrawn, I ask leave to introduce my
bill.
The SPEAKER. 'The gentleman from Mis-
souri, was* on the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. I understood him to state that,
be withdrew his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri had made two motions to suspend the rules.
Mr, HUGHES. Cannot the Chair entertain
a third ?
Mr. SICKLES. Will the Chair entertain a mo-
tion to aidjourn
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain such
a motion.
Mr. SICKLES. I move, then, that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand the Chair to say
that he will entertain my motion to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair said he would en-
tertain a motion to adjourn.
The question being upon the motion that the
House adjourn, upon a division there were—ayes
51, noes 73.
Mr. SICKLES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The q e tie>n then recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of.introducing
a motion lo extend the order relative to evening
sessions to this evening.
Mr. SICKLES called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES,of Pennsylvaniarcalled for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
i he yeas and nayi
Mr. HICKMAN
moved that the House ad-
journ.
The question was put; and upon a division,-
there were—ayes 26, noes 91.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers, no quorum
having voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Odn and
Hawkins were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 8, noes"102; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER prpceeded tocount the House,
to ascertain whether a quorum was present; and
announced that 121 members were present.
CASE OF HARRY CONNOLLY.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. Your order, Mr. Speaker, was yesterday
issued for the arrest of Harry Connolly. As soon
as he ascertained the fact, he left Philadelphia,
and came here this morning, and presented him-
self before the committee, "and desired to give his
testimony. Inasmuch, however, as theSergeant-
"at-Arms was executing the order of the House,
we thought it proper that he should give himself
up to the Sergeant-at-Arms, and, at my request,
he did so. As there seems to have been a little
misunderstanding in regard to the original sub-
pena, his name not having been spelled right,
and also, as it appears that there was some mis-
understanding in regard to' the service, of the
subpena; and as he is here, I suggest that he be
discharged from the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The question again recurred on the motion of
Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, to suspend the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As this is the 22d
of February, I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. If the House will permit me
to make a statement in regard to the snarl we are
m, I think I can relieve the House from the dif-
ficulty. The gentleman from Missouri made his
motion at earnest request. My only object
was to expedite business. I need not tell gentle-
men that my uniform practice in this House'has
been to act with reference to getting along with
the public business. But, sir, there are some men
in this-House who think that we should not make
appropriations indefinitely,without providing tho
means for paying them. It was with that view
that I asked for an evening session, in order that
some of the various projects to that end might be
explained. I did not see how the time could
very well be spared for this discussion during the
day. But inasmuch as there seems to be a per-
sistent opposition to the motion, I ask the gentle-
ma^ from Missouri to do me the favor to with-
draw the motion. [Loud cries of " No, no!"]
Let the gentle.men drive on their business in their
own way. Withdraw your motion !
Mr. BURNETT. It is an outrage upon the
character of Congress. It is doing wrong, in
my judgment, to come here at night, when only
seven or eight members are present, and permit
gentlemen to take an order permitting thorn to
publish speeches in the Congressional Globe at
the expense of the Government, and which go to
the country as having been delivered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the.Union,
when not one word has been delivered. That is
the reason I am opposed to these night sessions.
Mr. HOWARD. I only wanted to facilitate
the transaction of business.
Mr. HUGHES. Every business seems to be
in order except the motion I have made. I object
to everything that is not strictly in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I want the country to know it,
if members on the other side will neither allow
us debate on the provisions of these appropriation
bills in the House or in committee.
Mr. FLORENCE." I protest against the gen-
tleman holding me responsible for the refusal to
go into committee. I have been here all the time,
and have steadily voted against every motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will order the
Sergeant«at-Arms to arrest gentlemen, if they do
not take their seats and preserve order. It is due
to the dignity of the body that order should be
preserved. The Chair has attempted to facilitate
the business of the House, and has indulged gen-
tlemen in debate, but it will not be further toler-
ated. Gentlemen who wantonly violate the rules
will be puf under arrest.
And then, on motion of Mr. PHELPS, ofMis-
souri, the House (at a quarter to five o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 23, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. B. F. Bittinger.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr.. HOUSTON. I give notice that on Mon-
day next I shall claim the courtesy of the Senate
for a personal explanation.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION-RE PORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of Joseph Henry, Secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution, accompanied by the an-
nual report of the Board of Regents, showing the
operations, expenditures, and condition of that
institution for the year 1858; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON. I offer a resolution for the print-
ing of that report, which is .copied from the reso-
lution of last year and preceding years:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of the re-
port of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution,
lor the year 1858, be printed ; five thousand for the use of
the Senate, and five thousand for the use of the Smtfhsonian
Institution: Provided, That the aggregate number of pages
contained m said report shall not exceed four hundred and
fifty panes, without wood-cuts or plates, except those fur-
nished by tile institution. . ^
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of the con-
sul general and consuls of the United States in the
Ottoman Empire, praying that the act of August
11, 1848, be so amended as to confer on the min-
isters and consuls of the United States in the Ot-
toman dominions, in questions of civil jurisdiction,
the same judicial power as is possessed by their
colleagues ki China, and that they be allowed the
same compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
zens of the city of New York and its vicinity,
praying that the public lands may be laid'out m
i farms for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
! tiers only; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of underwriters
and others? connected with the commerce of the
northwestern lakes, praying an extension to the
lakes of the sy stem of meteorological observation
now in use with such successful and useful re-
sults upon the ocean; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Sauk Rapids, and Benton county, Minnesota,
praying for the passage of an act establishing an
overland mail route from the head of Lake Su-
perior, by Sauk Rapids and St. Cloud, to Puget
Sound; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of WiF-
ton, Minnesota, praying a donation of land for
the benefit of the Wilton Seminary of Learning;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JONES presented two petitions of citizens
of Iowa,praying the establishmentof amail route
from New Oregon to Jacksonville, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Osceola to Fontanelle; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
He. also presented a petition of citizens of Del-
aware and.Clayton counties, Iowa, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Colony to
Buena Vista; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Henry, Jefferson, and Van Buren counties, Iowar
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Rome to Birmingham; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH. I present the petition of J. P,
Durbin, in behalf of the Missionary Society of
the Methodist Episcopal Church, praying pay-
ment for certain land at the Dalles of the Colum-
bia river, in Oregon, taken as a site for a military
post.
This claim is for the sum of $20,000 forlanda
taken by the Government for the establishment
of a military post in Oregon. The memorial Was
originally presented to the other branch of Con-
gress, and the committee unanimously reported
in favor of the grant, and a proposition for the
payment of the money was presented, but it was
ruled out of order by the gentleman temporarily
occupying the chair. They now present their
memorial to the Senate; and I move its reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Marlborough, Tennessee, and
its vicinity, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Paris, by Mansfield and Marlborough,
to Sandy Bridge,in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying' the erection of earth-work
redoubts for the defense of the city of New York
and its vicinity; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands may
be laid out in farms for'the free and exclusive
use of actual settlers; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. KING gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish a branch
mint at the assay office in the city of New York.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:  
Resolved, That on and after to-morrow, the Senate shall
meet daily at eleven o'clock, a. in.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, it was
Ordered, That the joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) for the
relief of Hall Neilson, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
MAIL ROUT.|S IN ARKANSAS.'
Mr. SEBASTfAN submitted the following res-
