1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
olution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing by law a post route from Camden, Ouachita county,
via Buffalo and Tremont, to Champagnolle, Arkansas, to
connect with the route from Warren to Eldorado, and re-
port by bill or otherwise.
GOVERNOR STEVENS'S REPORT.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of rescinding the resolution
suspending the publication of Governor Stevens's report,
the said report now being ready lor publication.
GREAT FALLS LAND CASE.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resoled, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the opinion
of Judge Brewer in the Great Falls land condemnation case,
involving a claim for damages to be paid by the United
States.
NEGOTIATIONS "WITH SPAIN.
Mr. 'BELL. I ask for the consideration of the
resolution which I offered on Monday last.* It
has been modified in such- a shape that I under-
stand there will be no objection to it. I hope it
will be passed this morning.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion; and it was modified and adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to tile Senate, if in Ins opinion not incompatible with
the public interest, a copy of a letter or letters from Hora-
tio G. Perry, Secretaiy oi Legation at Madrid, addressed, m
1854. to Mr. Marcy, Secretaiy of State, upon the subject of
an overture for a treaty made by the Spanish Minister for
Foreign Affaii s (and also a copy of the programme of a
treaty if any) described m a letter addressed to Piesident
Pierce as " conceding immense benefits to our commerce,
and securing the prompt and complete protection of the
political and religious and social rights of our citizens in
future in every poition at the Spanish dominions, m con-
sideration for similar benefits conceded to Spanish subjects
and their commerce by the United Suites."
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVISj from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 571) to provide for the payment
to the State of Massachusetts of a balance due to
said State, for money expended for the United
States during the war of 1812, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim
of Majors & Russell, contractors for Army trans-
portation, for indemnity for losses of trams, ani-
mals, &c., destroyed and run off by the Mormons
during the past season, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration,and that it be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims; which was agreed
tO- „ ■ TT
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on ii-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
667) making appropriations for the support of the
Army, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
567) to repeal so much ofthe act of February 21,
1857, entitled " An act to divide the State of
Texas into two judicial districts," as creates and
establishes a district court of the United States for
the eastern district of the State of Texas, and to
incorporate the same* with the western district of
said State, reported it without amendment; and
that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 585) to amend an act
approved 31st May, 1844, entitled " An act to
amend the judiciary act, passed the 24th of Sep-
tember, 1789," reported it without amendment;
and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 340)
providing an increase of pension to Peter Van
Buskirk, of Washington city, iti the District of
Columbia, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 838) for the re-
lief of Daniel Cole, reported it without amend-
ment, and adversely. .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Asa Sprague and
others, of the State of N&w York, praying that
persons entitled to pensions under the act of 24th
April, 1816, may be allowed the same from the
date of that act, submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Margaret Hal-
^sey, formerly widow of Captain Daniel Cushing,
of Ohio, praying for a pension, submitted an .ad-
verse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of David Merry, a sol-
dier in the war of 1812, praying for a pension,
submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah S. Hine, widow
of E. Curtiss Hine, late a lieutenant in the revenue
service, praying to be allowed a pension, sub-
mitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Mary Morris,
widow of Peter Louis Morris, of the war of 1812,
praying a pension v submitted an adverse report.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
R. M. Hamilton, late consul of the United States
at Montevideo, praying compensation for diplo-
matic services rendered by him while at that post,
submitted an adverse report; which was agreed
to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the report of
the Court of Claims adverse to the claim of
Charles V'. Stuart, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Court of Claims
adverse to the claim of Martin B. Lewi's, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which Was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Court of Claims
adverse to the claim of Samuel J. Hensley, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 534) to change the
relations ofthe United States with the various In-
dian tribes within the limits thereof, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 474) to provide for a
superintendent of Indian affairs for Washington
Territory, and additional Indian agents, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration-
which was agreed to. ■
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 591) to carry out the
Shawnee treaty of May, 1854, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 592) to authorize the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to adjudicate and
settle certain claims against the Menomonee In-
dians, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petition of Eliz-
abeth Myers; the petition of George Bickcl; the
petition of Dorothy Hyre, widow of Michael Ply-
man; the petition of Elizabeth Tennant, widow
of Peter Tennant: the petition of Rhoda Noose,
widow of Jacob Noose; and the petition of Eliza-
beth Knight, severally praying a pension, re-
ported them adversely.
CREDIT TO DISBURSING OFFICERS.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint reso-
I lution (S. No. 82) to allow a c.redit to certain dis-
! bursino- officers therein mentioned, asked to be
i discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
< Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a re-
i mark in relation to that report. The Senate have
I determined that the proper reference is to the
I Committee on the Judiciary; and-, in toy humble
1 judgment, that is the proper reference, and there
I is no other appropriate committee in the Senate,
j Now, what is to be done? At this late hour of
'the session, when almost all hope is destroyed
bv this sort of diversion from what is the regular
j course, as I contend, they come in with a report
i discharging themselves. I hope the gentleman
will think otherwise of it, and will take back the
report.
Mr. BAYARD. The instructions^ the com-
mittee to me were to make the report which I
have made. The joint resolution only came iritd
the committee yesterday; it was acted upon to-
day, and these were the instructions. I am not
aware that there was any determination of the
Senate that the subject belonged to the Commit-
tee on the ^ldiciary. It was referred, on motion,
to them, without any inquiry as to what was the
appropriate committee. They decided that it did
not fall properly within their jurisdiction. It.
connects itself with the application of an appro-
priation made for disbursements for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi and
Ohio -rivers. It is to effect the disbursements
under that law in a different mode from that con-
templated in the law. Now,'we cannot see that
the subject of the improvement of rivers and har-
bors legitimately belongs in any way to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. At least, that is the de-
termination of the committee, and it is on that
ground that they have instructed me to ask that
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, to whom such subjects properly be-
long.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the Judiciary
Committee will not be discharged, but thatit will
be referred back to them. They have nothingto
do with questions of commerce, but here the work
being done, a legal question arises upon the set-
tlement of the accounts. That is all. The work
is all done, the transaction is past, and the ac-
counts are now to be settled; and I say the ques-
tions involved are legal questions, and properly
belong to the Judiciary Committee. I move to
recommit it to that committee.
Mr. BAYARD. The usage ofthe Senate,ac-
cording to my recollection, is not to refer matters
of account to the Judiciary Committee. If it.is a
claim, it should more properly go lo the Court of
Claims, but when that account relates to a par-
ticular branch of service, and that service belongs
to the jurisdiction of another committee, why
should it come to us? I can only give you the
result of the determinationof the committee; they
ask to be discharged, because they do not think
the subject belongs to them. According to my
recollection of any usage of the Senate, i can see
nothing in this joint resolution which properly
belongs to that committee; and even although I
might be willing myself to have reported.uponit,
the committee have determined otherwise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN- I have great confidence
in the committee, and I wish them to decide the
question. I think it does properly belong to
them.
Mr. PUGH. I. do not want to debate the
question; and if the Senator from Kentucky in-
sists that the matter shall not go to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, as we recommend, I move to
lay the report on the table.
Mr. CLAY. I believe I introduced the bill,
and had it referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, believing that to be the appropriate com-
mittee, not from any desire to shirk the respons-
ibility or labor of investigating the question and
presenting it to the Senate. I hope some action
will be taken on it. I hope it will not be laid on
the table. If the Judiciary Committee do not
act on it, and it is referred to the Committee on
Commerce, we will act on it to-day or to-mor-
row, and report it.
Mr. PUGH., The idea of the Senator from
Kentucky is, tliat because there may be a ques-
tion oflawwhich I do not discover in these papers,
it therefore belongs to the Committee on ^he Ju-
diciary. Every committee of this body decides
on questions of law. The province of the_ J udi-
ciary Committee is to take care of the judicial de-
partment of the Government. What have we to
do with rivers and harbors and snag-boats.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is very evident the
Senator does not know what the case is.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my motion to satisfy
the Senators from Alabama and Kentucky,
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman from
! Alabama says it will be acted on promptly by the
I Committee on Commerce, I am content it shall
I co to that committee. •
[ Mr, CLAY. I mistook the bill. I thought it
I was another bill. .
I Mr. CRITTENDEN. I withdraw my motion.
