1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
with so many ancient and heroic traditions al-
ready, shall become a rival capital—the capital of
the Pacific States of America.
Mr. President, I shall not willingly lose my
way in debates about the constitutional power of
the Government of the United States to construct
this road. For myself, I understand the Consti-
tution of the United States to have been made "to
establish justice, to maintain domestic tranquillity,
and to secure the blessing of liberty to ourselves
and to our posterity." Relieving, as I do, that
justice cannot be maintained, tranquillity pre-
served, or the blessings of liberty secured under the
Constitution to this whole American people, di-
vided as it is into two communities, isolated and
separated from each other, I am in no frame of
mind to indulge in that sharp political criticism
which seeks to render the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and the Union which it constitutes, a
powerless, spiritless, lifeless thing. Since it is ne-
cessary for peace, since it is necessary for order,
for safety, for liberty, and for union, I can, with-
out scrutinizing the provisions of the Constitution
closely, find in it ample ground for my support of
this great measure. But all will agree that in cases
of immediate danger, or 111 case of such remote
danger as exacts precaution, it is allowed by the
Constitution of the Uniteci States to Congress to
make post roads in the Territories of the United
States, and military roads within the same Terri-
tories. That concession is all that this occasion
demands.
Mr. President, I hope I may be excused for
appealing to the Senate of the United States to
remember that we are now a people of thirty mil-
lions, and that we are increasing at the rate of a
million a year—not a million of slaves, or drones,
or a million of subjects of ignorant and besotted
castes, bjuta million, practically, of free, vigorous,
enlightened, intelligent, emulous, ambitious men.
Sir, activity is the law of a community so strong,
vigorous, and prosperous. I mean activity beyond
the mere daily occupation in domestic trades and
professions, in mining and in agriculture, and in
manufactures and commerce—an activity which
constitutes the exterior life, if I may so call it, of
a State, and which forces it on some career of
improvement or aggrandizement; that political
activity which, carrying one nation forward after
another, or many along together, constitutes what
we recognize as the world's progress, or the ad-
vance of civilization. Political activity is a law
of nations. Of all the enlightened States which
have existed in modern or in ancient times, there
has been no one which has failed to obey this
law. What was the colonization of the United
States but the exercise of this activity by the
British nation; what the colonization of the prov-
inces lying to our north, including the western
hank of the Mississippi, by France? Sir, Great
Britain, within the last two hundred years, has,
in obedience to this law of political activity, ex-
tended her empire in vast circles around the globe.
Prance, in obedience to the same law, has dis-
turbed and convulsed the nations of the earth for
two hundred years, and made her language the
conventional language of the world. In obedience
to the same law, Spain, lethargic as she was,
discovered the one half of the globe; and P ortugal,
even less developed, as she was at the beginning
of the fifteenth century, as a civilized State, res-
cued from oblivion the other half. History is
only a record of this political activity of nations.
How can this national activity of the American
people be repressed, if it be wise to repress it?
It never has been repressed. On the contrary, it
has always had free scope. Our rescue of the do-
minion over so much of the continent from Spain,
France, and England, as we now enjoy, has been
only the exercise of that activity. We have res-
cued enough for present uses, and for improve-
ment for a considerable period m tne futuie.
What is to be dnne? This activity will not be
repressed. Let me say now, that it will henceforth
manifest itself either in a pacilic form, m the form
of peaceful enterprise, or in a martial form. One
form or the other it must necessarily assume. It
is for us to determine whether it shall be a pacific
form or a military one. If any think that it can
be repressed or conjured into peace by words,
what they see going on in Central America ana in
Sonora and Chihuahua, ought to satisfy theni
that Young America is not to be held in a state of
ruat by fastening green withes upon his limbs.
Now, sir, I am not to say, for the first time
here, that if there is a choice, I am for securing
a peaceful direction of the activity of the nation.
Peaceful activity is safer-; it is cheaper; it is surer;
it saves all the elements of national strength and
national power, and increases them. War is deso-
lating; and even the best advantages which it
confers are obtained at the cost of the distraction
of large and precious energies of the human race.
Besides, history teaches us nothing if it does not
teach us that a chronic national passion for war
is incompatible with the maintenance of our free
republican institutions. If I were asked why it
is that the British race here is republican and yet
is monarchical in Europe, I should answer, it is
because there it affects war; here it cherishes
peace.
If we are to have a peaceful exercise of the na-
tional activity, it must be confined at home. War
necessarily attends it or results from its labors
when it passes our own boundaries. It is sub-
ject to the popular sympathies and affections
when-exercised at home. What other domestic
ambition have we? what other employment?
What otherfield is there at home for the exercise
of our activity but the improvement of the re-
sources of wealth, of strength, and of power,
which lie in the great regions which we have lately
added to our empire? The Pacific railroad will
give peaceful employment to this activity for a
considerable period; perhaps, sir, throughout
your life as well as mine. It will be within our
own borders; it will be altogether subject to our
own laws; it will bring us into collision with no
foreign State. You may safely build this rail-
road at a cost of $100,000,000, and employ one
hundred thousand men a year in the construction
of it, and have peace with all nations; but, sir,
you cannot send a steamship on a voyage from
New York to San Juan without incurring some
risk of foreign war.
Mr. President, if we are to secure the exercise
of this activity peaceably and at home, and in an
enterprise like this of the Pacific road,itdevolyes
upon Congress to direct it. It is a political enter-
prise, and must be controlled, directed, and sus-
tained by some power. It is incapable of self-
direction. Individuals cannot direct it; commerce
will not do it; the States have become sedentary
forces; and the Federal Government, the common
Government#of all the States, which alone is re-
sponsible for\his great work, and alone possesses
the power and can control the means, must secure
to the public activity the needful direction to
attain that end.
My words are intended, Mr. President,rather
to bring together, if possible, the friends and sup-
porters of this measure, than to meet the objec-
tions which are made against its details. I have
only one other thought to express. Every Senator
may naturally desire, that when he shall retire
from public life, he shall leave behind him some
monument of his patriotism, of his wisdom, and
of his devotion to the interests of his country and
to civilization. I can conceive of no monument
which would be at once so imposing and so lasting
1 as a single vote cast in favor of this great enter-
I prise, emphatically the enterprise of our country
1 and of our age. It was pleasant to me the other
: day to see that when we came upon questions
j of "political relations towards those very distant
i countries, China and Japan,there were peace, har-
' mony, and agreement, 111 the Senate of the Uni-
| ted States. Itseemstomenowthatthisgreattract
i of unoccupied lands, waste, desolate, stretching
■ away between us and the Pacific coast, is so dis-
' tant from the North, so distant from the South,
! so separated from us all, so isolated, so new and
1 strange to us all, that we can meet there as in a
; common field, leaving all our contentions behind
! us, and improve it for the common benefit of our
| posterity, and for the welfare and happiness of
; the human race. Whoever shall come into that
; field in that spirit, will entitle himself to the praise
; which the Roman historian gave to the statesman
! whom he loved and honored above all others: "he
! was moderate in acting for himself; but, when
' acting for the Commonwealth, was dignified and
effective."
I EXECUTIVE SESSION.
O11 motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate pro-
i corded to the consideration of executive business;
I and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
I reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
I utterly object to that res-
Is it in order to move a sus-
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 21,1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R R. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:"
Resolved, That the Committee on Teiritories be instructed
to report to this House a bill that shall embrace all Uie or-
ganized Territories of the United States, providing for the
election by the people of all territorial officers now ap-
pointed by the President. Also providing for the donation of
one hundred and sixty acres of Government land to every
actual settler thereon, within any of said Territories, under
such regulations and restrictions 3s shall secure an actual
and bona fide occupation, and permanent improvement
thereof; the title thereof to be transferred to said occupant
at such time and on such conditions as the committee may
deem advi&ableto secure the permanent settlement andim-
provement of said lands ; and that no person shall be.enti-
tled to receive from the Government more than one dona-
tion of land under the provisions of said bill. Also providing
that the inhabitants of each of said Territories shall piovide
for and pay the current expenses of such territorial gov-
ernment. And also providing that the inhabitants of said
Territories shall remain in a territorial form of government
until the inhabitants of a Territory shall be equal to the num-
ber required for one Representative under the ratio of con-
gressional representation. And that the people of any of
said Territories, who may desire to establish a State gov-
ernment, having the requisite number of inhabitants, and
having formed a constitution for such State government,
shall cause the same to be submitted to a fair vote of the
legal voters of such Territory for approval or rejection.
Mr. MILLSON.
olution.
Mr. KELLOGG.
pension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. Not to-day.
Mr. KELLOGG. Well, sir, I shall move to
suspend the rules to enable me to offer that res-
olution, whenever it is in order for me to do so.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported the following bills; which were severally
read afirstand second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying documents, ordered
to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1860; and
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, I860.
ORGANIZATION OF DACOTAH.
Mr. CAVANAUGH, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill for the organization of Dacotah, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, informing the liouse
that the Senate had passed a bill authorizing the
President to make an advance of money to Hiram
Powers; in which he was instructed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution
requesting the House to return to the Senate a bill
(H. R. No. 365) giving a pension to Jeremiah
Wright.
BUSINESS OP THE IIOOSE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to sub-
mit a proposition which will enable us to dispose
of all those matters. I propose that half an hour
be set apart for the introduction of bills for refer-
ence only.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Say one hour.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think that in
half an hour all those gentlemen who have bills
which they desire to introduce for reference only
can have an opportunity of doing so.
[Cries of "Wo!" "No!"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill merely for
the purpose of reference.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I wish to say that I
, do not want to object to the introduction of any
! measure offered by any gentleman upon this floor;
' but I wish to introduce some propositions my-
self, and I want the House to pass a general res-
olution setting apart some time when gentlemen
