160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
who have business which they wish to present
shall have an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman al-
low me one moment?
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am willing to yield the
floor for a motion such as the gentleman suggests,
that half an hour or an hour be set apart for this
purpose.
Several Members. Say one hour.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Very well; say one hour.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I send to the Chair
a resolution which I have drawn up, and which I
desire to have read for information.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Spates and Territories he called for
the introduction of resolutions and bills of which notice
has been given, and which donotgive rise to debate, on to-
morrow, to be continued until all have been called.
Several Members. Say to-day, and not to-mor-
row.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I will modify the res-
olution so as to make it read to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must object to
the resolution, unless the gentleman will modify
it. by striking out the words of which notice has
been given.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to object to
anybody's bill; but as soon as the gentleman from
Mississippi is through, I desire to call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. BARKSDALE. As the resolution of the
gentleman from Illinois is objected to, I ask the
unanimous consent of the Iiouse to introduce a
bill, and I will state that it is important that it
should bo referred.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I do not wish to object to
any one's bill, but I must object to this suspen-
sion of the rules for everything. Let us adhere
to the rules, and all take our chances, and then
there can be 110 complaint.
OLD SOLDIERS' PENSION BILL.
Mr. PLIELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House lesolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 97, noes 49.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordinglysuspended,and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the bill granting pensions
to the officers and soldiers who served in the war
with Great Britain of 1812, and in Indian wars
during that period.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Underwood,] to insert, in line twelve of the first
section, the following:
Or iu the \v:u under the command of General Anthony
Wayne the fiuli.m?, in the years 1793 and 1794,
commonly called " Wayne's war."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move to amend
in the fifth line of the first section by adding, after
word " militia," the words " of the States and
Territories."
I have offered this amendment for the purpose
of including in this bill a class of soldiers who
fought in tiie win of 1312, in the then Territory
of Missouri. When Missouri was first acquired
from Franco, as gentlemen know, it formed apart
of the Louisiana purchase. In 1809, I believe it
was, a separale organization was formed, and the
Territory of Missouri was constituted. A militia
was then formed, which was augmented and in-
creased under the auspices an(l leadership of
Daniel Boone, Cooper, and others of the pioneers
of the Far West. When the war broke out in
1312, these men, some two or three hundred in
number, witii their families, were located two or
ihiee hundred miles away from the settlements,
and were consequently compelled to retire to the
forts to protect themselves. They fought many
battles, and endured many hardships, sacrifices,
and privations. At the least, two thirds of their
numbers were killed by the savages. They con-
quered these savages, acquired their country, and
placed us in peaceable possession of the country
which now forms the State of Missouri. I think
they form a very meritorious class, and are en-
titled to be placed upon the pension rolls.
These soldiers, sir, were meritorious in another
point of view. They were emphatically volun-
teers. They went, without being called out by
the Government,under the leadership ofthe brave
Boone and Cooper, cotemporaries of the Revolu-
tion. They maintained themselves; they received
no pay; they have received no bounty; they fur-
nished their own ammunition; they lolled more
Indians and won more territory than the same
number of men in any other portion of the coun-
try. Is it not right that these men should receive
a pension ? They were good men, they were brave
men, thoy were noble men, they were patriotic
men, they were self-sacrificing men; they were
not learned men; they were not men who found
their places in the Halls of Congress or in the
presidential chair of the nation. Sir, their first
sacrifice was upon the altar of their country; they
conquered that region which now forms the State
of Missouri, and then presented the land to the
United States, which has been sold, and thou-
sands and millions of dollars have come into the
Treasury and gone to the support of the Govern-
ment from such sales; and now we ask that these
old men, in the decline of their years—many of
whom have become decrepit, many of .whom are
poor—shall receive this pittance at the hands of
the Government which they have served volun-
tarily and at such great sacrifice. I appeal to
this House to know if their claim is not just, and
if they ought not to be incorporated in this bill ?
And I appeal further to this House; are gentle-
men prepared to say that the few remaining sol-
diers of the war of 1812, most of them volunteers
from the States and Territories, shall be deprived
of the little pittance which this bill proposes to
give them ? Thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nich-
ols] says that some of them are rich. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] yes-
terday, said these old soldiers would be disgraced
by coming to this great alms-house which would
be created by the passage of this bill. Sir, with-
out intending to be disrespectful to the gentlemen
themselves, I regard such arguments as an insult
to this conntry and to the soldiers of the war of
1812. The gentleman from Ohio, however, was
unfortunate in his statement; for, while he said
that many of these old soldiers for whom he, as
a lawyer, applied for bounty land, were worth
from twenty-five to tlfirty thousand dollars, yet
he said that many of them had pawned their war-
rants for money before they were even located.
Now, sir, why were the warrants pawned if it
was not that they were poor men, and were com-
pelled to go into the market to sell their warrants
for the little pittance which they received ?
Mr. Chairman, I am astonished to hear the
condition of the Treasury urged against the pas-
sage of this bill. I think if the executive officers
of the Government had spent as much time in
furnishing us statistics of the expense of your
coast survey, of your ocean mail steamers, of the
extension of your Capitol, and the thousand other
extravagant expenditures of the Government, they
would have been better employed, and they would
have furnished a much more acceptable service to
the country, than in furnishing statistics to cut
out the old soldiers and pioneers who have con-
quered a country that has extended your empire
from ocean to ocean.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ATKINS. I cannot concur in the amend-
ment of my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.]
I regret the action of the committee in loading
down this bill with amendments. I will not ques-
tion the motives of honorable gentlemen. I had
hoped that the sense of the House would be tested
upon the original proposition. In my judgment,
it should be restricted in its provisions to the sol-
diers who were enga?ed in actual service in the
last war with Great Britain.
Besides being requested by the Legislature of
my State, I could not do less than support this
bill, representing as I do, in part, the chivalrous
people of Tennessee—the land of Jackson, and
Carroll, and Coffee, and others, whose martial
deeds have shed such a luster upon the escutcheon
of our common country. 1 feel, sir, that I owe
it to the memory of the honored dead, as well as
to the rights and necessities of the gallant living.
In restricting myself to the bill I have indicated,
I would not be understood as detracting in the
least from the well-earned fame of any of our
countrymen^ who have participated in any of the
wars that have occurred since 1815—the Semi-
nole, Creek, or Mexican wars. They have all
acted bravely and patriotically, and deserve the
gratitude of their country. When time shall have
bowed their manly forms, and whitened their
locks with the frosts of sixty or seventy winters,
as it has all the soldiers of the war of 1812—to say
nothing of the thousands whom old age has borne
long since to the tomb—-I doubt not the Repre-
sentatives of the people will be far more prompt
to remember their services, and to throw the fos-
tering arm of the Government around them, and
shield and protect them from want, as they shield-
ed and protected the nation's honor from the
insults of an arrogant foe, and the hearthstones
of innocence from the indecent outrages of a licen-
tious soldiery.
Sir, we have been asked by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] in the course of this de-
bate, why discriminate between the soldiers of
the war of 1812 and those of the Mexican war?
I have shown why. But I will not rest the ques-
tion there. I will appeal to the gallant spirits who
participated in that sanguinary struggle; whose
deeds of valor have decked their own and their
country's brow with a coronet of unfading glory,
some of whom their grateful and admiring coun-
trymen have delegated as their Representatives
upon this floor and the floor of the American Sen-
ate. Will you say that the cases are similar? Do
you feel that there is the same justice and neces-
sity to afford you this relief, that there is to the
surviving veterans of the second war of independ-
ence ? Prom the nobleness of your hearts comes
up the patriotic but just response, No ! You are
in the meridian of life, while all of them are old;
tile sun of the hopes of many of you has barely
reached its culmination, and is pouring its noon-
tide splendor upon your pathway; while, with
them, the sun of life is nearly set, and its dim and
slanting shadows falling before their feeble foot-
steps, too plainly warns them of the near approach
of the dreary night of death. Very many of them
are standing with one foot in the giave, and the
other upon its brink, poor, penniless, and depend-
ant upon the gratitude and beneficence of kind
friends and relatives; while others, perhaps, may
not be so fortunate, but may depend upon the
eold charity of a pitiless and mercenary world.
Sir, when the soldiers of the Mexican war, or of
any other war, shall have lived near half a cen-
tury from the date of their service, as have those
who we propose to be beneficiaries by this bill,
and their necessities incident to age, decrepitude,
and indigence, shall be manifest like these; then
will Congress, I doubt not, be ready to do them
justice.
Gentlemen talk about this bill as a bounty, as a
gift. We do not come as supplicants to this House.
We do not ask it as a bounty; we demand it as
a debt due to those brave old men for their he-
roic services. Will any gentleman say that the
debt has been discharged? Has eight dollars per
month, and one hundred and sixty acres of wild
land,compensated them forthclabors of thecamp,
the toils of the march, and the dangers of the
field ? Do you count as nothing the sacrifices they
made, the leaving home with the thousand charms
that cluster around it; the parting from wife, chil-
dren, friends, all, to brave the bloody horrors of
the battle-field ? Sir, it was not money; a higher
and a nobler sentiment controlled their action and
animated their hearts—theirloveof country. And
as patriotism made them shoulder their muskets
and rally to their country's defense, not counting
the cost, why cannot the same magnanimous, lib-
eral, and patriotic spirit prompt us to rush^p the
relief of their necessities, and drive back the de-
mon want from their door? There are but few
of them left, and every year makes the number
less. All of them were ready to make a free of-
fering of their life upon the altar of their coun-
try's honor. Thousands fell, and their funeral
dirge is now chanted as a psean to the nation's
glory; and shall their surviving comrades be less
fortunate? Shall they lingeroutin obscurityand
poverty the evening of a life, the morning of which
was illustrated by deeds of such noble daring*?
Will not tho country awake to a high sense of
