THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfflU,
February 23,
That vindication is necessary to the maintenance
6f tiieir rights in the Union. Without it they can-
not live for a year, scarcely for an hour. There-
fore tt is that I express the hope that, if the Re-
publican f>arty,succeed, they may succeed upon
a principle; and if we succeed, I want our suc-
cess to be t,he vindication of a principle. I neither
Want R eheat nor to be cheated in the great con-
test that is to come off in 1860; and as this pre-
cise question, which we are now discussing, is to
have a most important bearing on that election, I
choose to give my opinions notonly u>pon the main
question, but upon some of the.questions atising
out of it collaterally: ■ it
I say, sir, I neither want to cheat nor to be
cheated, and therefore it is that I am fraaJo state
to gentlemen wfaere I stand, and where'the peo-
ple whom I represent stand, and then I shall be
very glad to hear from other gentleman as to
where they stand.
Mr. President, the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States decided, in the celebrated Dred Scott
case, that slaves were property, and that slave-
holders had the same right to carry their slave
property to the Territories that any other citizen
from any other State, had to carry any other ki nd
of property. The venerable Chief Justice de-
clared further, that the whole duty of this Gov-
ernment towards slave property was to protect it.
It therefore stands as the ju.dicial exposition of
the Constitution under which we live, that slaves
are property; that we have the right to take them
to the-Territories, and have them protected after
we- get them there. If the decision means any-
thing at all, it means that. Now, sir, by protec-
tion, if the word be not a cheat and delusion, we
understand adequate protection, sufficient protec-
tion.
Mr. CEiANDLER. Will the Senator permit
me to. ask him a question ?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I wish to ask the Senator
from Mississippi, whether, if slaves are property
under the Constitution, he does not deem that
they are protected wherever that Constitution ex-,
ist , in States as well as in Territories ?
Mr. BROWN. I^will come to that. They are
protected; but I will show the Senator that the
mere naked Constitution does not afford that ad-
equate protection which the nature and description
of the property requires. The Constitution of
itself, unaided by legislation, can 110 more protect
slave property than it will protect any other spe-
cies of property. Your ships upon the high seas
are entitled to protection under the Constitution;
but you aid your Constitution by statutory enact-
ments, and, without that aid, the protection would
not be efficient or effective. What I claim, and
what the southern States will claim, upon this
question, I will state in the spirit of the utmost
frankness.
The judicial decision being such as I have de-
scribed-it, wu shall claim for our slave property
protection in the Territories. As I said before,
by protection, we mean adequate protection—
protection suited to the nature and description of
property to be protected. We all know that a law
which would protect inanimate property would
not; in all cases, be sufficient to protect-animate
property; that is, a law which might give very
adequate and' sufficient protection to a wagon,
might not give the same sort of protection to a
horse. Then, if you superadd to the animate
property the power of reason, your law again
must be adapted to that kind of property. Now,
the slave partakes of al) of these qualities, the
inanimate, the animate, and, adding the power of
reason, your law must be adapted to the nature of
the thing. I mean to be understood on this ques-
" tion. The Constitution never gave us rights and
denied us the means of protecting and defending
those rights. The Supreme Court having decided
that we have the right to carry our slaves into
the Territories, and necessarily to have them pro-
tected after we get them there, they virtually de-
cided that we have a right to call upon somebody
to give us that protection, and to make it ade-
quate, to suit it to the nature, character, and de-
scription of the property to be protected,
,Now, sir, upon whom are we to call ? Accord-
ing to the doctrine of non-intervention our first
call is upon the Territorial Legislature. I should,
therefore, go to the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, for instance, and say: " here is my slave
property; I demstnd for it protection, adequate and
sufficient protection; protection suited to the na-
ture, character, and description of the property."
If the Territorial Legislature refuse, the-n what
am I to do ? Am I, at that point, to abandon my
rights, rights guarantied to me by the Constitu-
tion, by the Constitution as expounded by the
Supreme Court? Am I, because Congress has
chosen to adopt what it pleases to term a party
compromise, to abandon my constitutional rights?
No, sir; when that Territorial Legislature refuses
protection for my slave property, I mean to come
to Congress, and this will be my speech to you',
" Senators: this Territorial Legislature is your
creature. You breathed it into existence; it could
not live an hour but under the sunshine of your
approval; I come to tell you that your creature is
not obeying the Constitution; that your ereature
is denying to me rights guarantied to me by the
sacred charter of our liberties as expounded by
the highest judicial tribunal in the land; your
creature denies me protection for my slave prop-
erty; I come to ask you, the master, whether you
will grant me that protection;" and I am-curious
to know, in view of the approaching contest,
what response I am to have to that speech. I
know perfectly well t'hat the Territorial Legisla-
ture of Kansas will deny protection for my prop-
erty. However, or by what influence prompted
to make the declaration, they will declare, as they
have within the last three weeks, that they will not
only afford no protection; but that they will with-
draw protection, as far as they can, and substi-
tute unfriendly legislation in its stead. Is it ex-
pected of.me and my people that we are to fold
this injustice to our bosoms, and cherish it, be-
cause it comes stamped, "Accept this, or break
up the Democratic party."
I ask northern gentlemen whether they would
be quite content, under the same sort of compro-
mise betweeti conflicting.elements in party, to
have their right to call upon this Government to
protect their mercantile marine frittered away.
Your ships go out upon the high seas, they are
assaulted by enemies, attacked by pirates, and
what do you do? If the law he insufficient, you
come to Congress and invoke its aid. When you
ask that, would you be content. Senators from
the North, to be told, " we have agreed to non-
intervention on this question; we cannot give you
any protection." xou would say, as I say to-
day, " Senators, the obligation is imposed upon
you; not by a party compromise, but by the
Constitution of your country, to protect this
property, and you must do it. So I say in ref-
erence to slavery in theTerritories: the obligation
is upon Congress; the Supreme Court has already
decided that we.are entitled to protection. The
Territorial Legislature, I repeat again, which de-
nies it to us, is your creature; you made it, and
you can unmake it. It lives upon your breath;
it exists by your forbearance; and I, for one, am
not content to be thus compromised out of my
jconstitutional rights—rights secured tome by my
forefathers, and guarantied by the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States. I agreed
to non-intervention; but I never agreed, after we
had established rights by the decision of the Su-
preme Court, we were to be deprived of those
rights by a congressional compromise. If, as the
Supreme Court has decided, the obligation is upon
you to protect my.property, no agreement among
politicians or parties can discharge you from that
obligation.
I have hearJ it said, Mr. President, that when
we come here with a bill asking protection for our
slave property 111 the Territories, the dominant
party of the North will take the other side of the
proposition, and abolish slavery in the Territo-
ries. Impotent threat! Impotent appeal to cow-
ardly fears I Have you any higher right to abol-
ish slavery, because I ask protection for it, than
you would have if I asked nothing? Does the
mere fact of my coming and asking for my con-
stitutional rights open the door to you to destroy
my rights? Suppose the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who represents a very important com-
mercial interest, a very important commercial
marine, should come and ask you to amend and
fortify your laws in reference to the coastwise
trade; and should tell you that there were pirates
in the Gulf, seizing his ships, plundering the
cargo, and murdering the crews, scuttling the
vessels; and suppose he came with a bill asking
protection; I want to know if that would confer
upon you any right to turn pirate yourselves,scut-
tle his ship, murder the crew, ahd steal the cargo ?
No, sir. If-it were a case fairly stated and hon-
estly fortified, you would say, " the obligation is
upon us to "give adequate and sufficient protec-
tion to this property, and we will do it by the
naval and military power of the Government;"
and have I, sir, less right to demand protection
for my si'ave property in the Territories? and
ought I to be content to take less ? If I come and
ask you to discharge your constitutional obliga-
tion, can you any more turn pirate in my case
than you could turn pirate in the case of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts ? The obligation to pro-
tect is one thing; the power to deslroy is alto-
gether a different thing. I say, again, the threat
that, if we come and demand protection for our
slave property, you will take the converse of the
proposition, and pass anti-slavery laws, passes
me by as the idle wind. It is an impotent threat;
and it appeals to cowardice and the meanest pas-
sions of the southern people.
I give you warning now, that if Kansas legis-
late in a spirit of hostility to slavery, the State
which I represent, and, in my opinion, a vast ma-
jority of the southern people, will come to Con-
gress, and demand of you, in obedience to the
written Constitution as expounded by the illustri-
ous men who adorn the Supreme Bench of the
United States, that you annul their legislation,,
and substitute instead laws giving adequate and
sufficient protection to slave property. When you
have done that, you will have discharged your
duty, and your whole duty; and, when you do
less, you are derelict in your duty, under the .Con-
stitution of the United States.
When we came into this Union, Mr. President,
we came as equals. Mine was not one of the
original States; but the act which admits her ad-
mits her on a footing of equality with the original
States. . Therefore, she stands in the Union to-
day, claiming all the rights, all the privileges, all
the immunities, which belong to any one of the
sisterhood; and, much as I honor her, I would
never plant my foot on her soil again, so help me
God, if she consented to take less than that.
We ask nothing which we are not willing to
give. We ask nothing that we arc not willing to
yield. Come and demand protection for your
property, upon the high seas or in the Territories,
and I shall be ready to give it; not with stinted
measure, but I will give you that sort of protection
which will secure you in the peaceable, quiet, and
happy enjoyment of your property. When I come
as an equal, and demand the same thing, I want
to know whether you will measure to me that
equal justice for which, I tell you, I have always
be^n ready and am still ready and shall remain
ready to mete out to you.
I hope that on these points I am understood.
I do not wish to weary the Senate with a long
speech on this or any other question.' I know
how speedily tHe hours fly, and how impatient
the Senate is to transact its business; but this, I
repeat again, is an element which mustenterinto
the next presidential contest; you cannot keep it
out; and before we enter on the threshold of that
contest, it is right for all who feel as I do, that
they neither want to cheat nor be cheated—to
understand where they are. I think I understand
the position of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] and I dissent from it. Ifl understand
him, he thinks that a Territorial Legislature may,
by non-action or by unfriendly action, rightfully
exclude slavery. 1 do not think so. But if ter-
ritorial legislation is to be the qnd of legislation,
he is right. If your doctrine of non-intervention
shall be carried to the extent of allowing a Terri-
torial Legislature, by non-action or unfriendly
action, to annul a decision of the Supreme Court,
then I say to the Senate and to the world that the
Senator from Illinois is right; by non-action, by
unfriendly action within the limitations of consti-
tutional power, the Territorial Legislature can
exclude slavery. But it is a question of power;
not of right. What I want to know is, whether
you will interpose against power and in favor of
right; or whether you will stand by, dissenting
in words from the Senator from Illinois, and yet,
for all practical purposes, sustaining him" by re-
fusing to interpose your authority to overthrow
the unconstitutional and .tyrannical acts of your
creature—the Territorial Legislature. The Sen-
