THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. .0.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1858.
New Series.....No'. 11.
the moral obligation and legal right which de-
mands of it to protect these old men, now that
they, or many of them, are unable to protect
themselves. Oppose it, because it will cost some
money! When did any great measure, intended
to benefit the country or mankind, originate that
did not cost money ? Will the young men of the
country complain ? Never! Their hearts are too
full of patriotic fire. Before we complain of the
cost, let us first retrench the heavy and groaning
expenditures of the Government. I,for one, sir,
will vote to-day for a ten per centum reduction
upon the salary of every officer of the Federal
Government, from the President down to the
gardener of your public grounds, if it will facili-
tate the passage of this measure. Two or three
millions annually is all that will be required under
this bill. But what if it is more? Will you stop
to count the cost? Did those brave old warriors
stop to count the cost, when the clarion note of
war summoned them to the field? when the Brit-
ish regulars, trained under the rigid discipline of
the Iron Duke, were marching under Pakcnham
upon the queen city of the South, the gateway of
our southern and western commerce, with his
troops fresh from the victorious fields of Europe,
frenzied with the brutal watchword of " beauty
and booty," did the gallant spirits who rallied
around the flag of Andre w Jackson, stop to count
the cost? No! But with an utter abandonment
of self, and recklessness of life, with their heroic
leader at their head, drove back the Butisb lion
upon the plains of Chalmette, thus proving to the
world the efficiency of the citizen soldier over that
of the regular. No" brighter gem studs the diadem
of fame that encircles the fair brow of Columbia,
than that which answers to the memorable vic-
tory of the 8th of January, 1815.
The question is not what it wiii cost. Is it right,
is it just, is it magnanimous, is it humane, and
lastly, is it grateful ? Bring any charge you will
ag&inst the Government. Say it is parsimonious,
say it is false, heartless, unjust, oppressive; but
do'not subject her to the charge of ingratitude, that
"foulest whelp of sin." Shall this country be more
unmindful of its defenders than other nations?
Shall posterity learn the mortifying lesson that
our Government is willing to lavish millions upon
a standing army, and not a ecnt to the brave
volunteer, when old age has overtaken hiM and
poveity has laid its heavy hand upon him ? Will
not these old men feel, if you defeat this bill and
thereby deny them that relief so necessary to their
comfort and" support, that the Government has
forgotten the houis oi its peril and extremity, and
that it disiegards the heavy sacrifices made by
them for their country .* Will the}' not feel that
they have only lived to be forgotten by that coun-
try for whose defense they would have laid down
their lives; that the memory of their illustrious
deeds had faded fiom the hearts of posterity ere
life itself had passed away? Why did the Old
Guard follow blindly and madly the eegles of
Napoleon over the frozen snows of the Alps, or
through the terrible conflagration of the imperial
city of Moscow ? Even the iron heart of that man
of blood melted in pity and gratitude for the suf-
ferings and services of his soidiers, and his purse-
strings were ever ready to be loosed to relieve their
necessities. and shall the most enlightened nation
in Chris'emlom, in the middle of the nineteenth
century, be less e-e.ierous than the great imperial
autocrat, whose tin-one was but the mausoleum of
hill rty ? Deleat tins bill, and a standing army like
a bird of prey will swoop uowii and gnaw at the
upon this bill. I am not content that' the debate ii of the national Treasury, but the Treasury is
in favor of the bill shall be sustained entirely by !•! bankrupt, and we are not able to do it?" Sir;
........ af the Republic.
men from the North,South, Eas
and dale, from your crowded cities an
fiNtnessis. at the fust buale blast ot
in
ami a million of
, and West, from
id mojnt-
r will
u:e the iiei o.c sous o f the
tarn it b'.azom d r.llovir
led m its tolds as their
fasttiessis, at tneii
rally to your liag, ' <:: a
bjia'rtan "molht r, v. nl i
witli victory, or be eiicirc
v.-iudin^-sKi f. . t i
Mr. KtiNkEL. of TVnnvylvaeia. I move to ;
;n>M.si-e the :<un out <>f on: di>J.;m\ «• rnove tno j
a,.; uuirly l<>  ive mo opportunity to ex- j
prtvs.s my views in the five minutes allowed me i
, Kentucky and Tennessee. Pennsylvania always
has an arm for the battle, and a voice for the j!
! soldier. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. i;
; Avery] characterized that State as the volunteer
; State. Sir, I dispute that title with him. I claim ;;
; that honor for Pennsylvania. She is emphatically jj
the volunteer-soldier State of this Union. More ij
j than once has she tendered more gallant soldiers :i
; to the Government than would meet its require- ;
1 ments, and never has she turned her back upon the
j country's dhieftams, or been unmindful of their ;
i service.*?. The military ardor of her people has j
enstamped upon her several peculiarities. There 1
arc some three things which no public man in ;
Pennsylvania can do and live: he cannot vote i
against supplies to the Army when actually en- ;
' gaged in war with a foreign Power; he cannot vote ,
' against any fair and honorable acquisition of ter- ;
ruory by the Government; and. above uli, he can- ;
not vote against that expression of the nation's
gratitude to its war-worn soldiers which is man- ,
ifested by grants of pensions. .On these subjects, :
! my State has fixed sentiments and opinions, and j
I am most happy that my own agree entirely with >
hers. , i
I have no doubt of the justice of the principle i
of this bill, and none of the expediency of its pass- ,
age even in the present condition of the Treasury.
With all respect to the gentleman from Ala-
' bama, [Mr. Curhy,] and the gentleman from i
| Maiylaud, [Mr. Dams,] who have distinguished :
| themselves m opposition to the bill, I have yet to ;
! hear the first valid argument against it. The ar- ,
\ gument of the gentleman from Maryland [?vsr.
! Davis] has been—and the same argument has |
! been urged.by others—that inasmuch as it is the ,
i duty of the citizen to defend his country when
called upon, the principle of compensation upon (
: which all pension laws proceed is wrong; that the
i soldier is only discharging the duty of the citizen, i
! and is, therefore, not entitled to be paid. The j
i duty is acknowledged and granted. It is a duty;
| but it is the duty of oil the citizens alike. Ail, ■
| however, arc not needed, and all onnnot share
I the duty, if they would. The military duties gi
j the people of the country must necessarily be d;s-
! charged by a few of them. That few must en-
; counter the hardships, privations, and dangers of
the camp, while the great body o! the people pur-
sue their peaceful avocations at home. The vic-
torious peace which is won by the sacrifices and
lives of the few, inures to the common benefit.
Thus, those who remain at home jn time of war,
become debtors to the soldiers; the generation
which prospers in peace, to the generation that
conquered the peace. Civil and military services
are upon the same footing, and if the soldier is to
be content with the consciousness of discharging ,
a duty to his country, why should not the civil- ,
i ian ? I can. indeed. imagine a Republic m winch
| all functionaries dischaigc their trusts hom con-
I side rations of siieer patriotism and duty ;thc *. res-
| ident, his Secretaries and subordma.es, the Le-
gislature, Senate, and House, ati discharging
| iheii several functions without compensation, and
! only'unner the inspiration ot patriotic duty ^n
such a C-e.vcrnment, you might sa" M tbesaldier
he did only his duty. Tlotsueh a Uevernmcnt is
j only an imagination; certainly it is n -t ours.^
But the argument used with nw'.t farce njro.ir.st
the bill, is based upon the exigencies of ibe'j'ivas-
ury. It is said this bill will involve an annual
expenditure of ten or twelve milfoil donais.
: That is the estimate of the Cominissioiierei' Fcii-
' sions. Sly friend from Iowa next me, [Mr. Ct-R-
i tis,] who," fiorn his labor and research, teems
well qualified lo jue^e.e.ssuive us toe amount will
not e'xeerd f3.000,WK). Doubtless the passage
of this bill v.nil require a laree annual appropria-
tion. ]> it so. If economy is to bet xerciseu in
! this Government, let it begin somewhere else.
> "VVhv, sir, how shall we an&wcr to these scarred
< and v.ar-wom veterans? Shan v.-: say ta mem,
j, '• We behave your claim a just and honest one,
ml we would cheerfully vote you something out
would they not point to our immense grants of
land in the western Territories to railroad corpo-
rations; the millions annually expended upon
fortifications; the millions wasted upon these ed-
ifices, &c.; and put us to shame? Sir, our citizen
soldiery stand in lieu of a standing army. Have
gentlemen ever calculated the expense of standing
armies in time of peace? Why, the: meanest
Power of Europe expends more in the mainte-
nance of its armies, than the whole amount dis-
bursed by this Government for pensions from its
foundation. Suppose this bill should involve ten
or twelve million dollars? The people of the
United States are willing to show their gratitude
to the gallant defenders of their honor and homes,
even at that cost. The last thing tlie American
people would submit to, would be to maintain the
extravagance of this Government by direct tax-
ation. But if pensions for these brave men could ,
be raised m no other way, I verily believe they
would consent to raise the money directly from
their own pockets.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SANDIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I rise not
so much for the purpose of making a speech, as
to make an explanation—an easy task—of the
great discrepancy which exists between the state-
ment made upon this floor by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Savace.J who is advocating this
bill so strenuously, and that of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cdrry] who has opposed it.
When the gentleman from Alabama stated upon
this floor during the last session of Congress, and
the othci day reiterated the statement, that under
the operations of this bill {11,000,000 would be
taken from your Treasury every year to pay these
pensioners, the member from Tennessee rose in his
seat, and asked the question: How is it possible
that under the operations of this bill $11,000,000
will be taken fi om the Treasury every year, when,
according to the statement made by Mr. Calhoun,
m 183G, only $12,000,000 was taken from the
Treasury to pay the militia soldiers for the entire
war. He put the question emphatically, and as
though he had entiiely demolished the argument
of the gentleman from Alabama. 1 thought there
was some force in the statement of the gentleman-
from Tennessee; but since then I have had occa-
sion to inquire into it, and it is the easiest thing
in the woild to solve.
Accoiding to the report made by Mr. Calhoun,
in 1630,471,000 was the whole number of militia
engaged in your service during that war; and they
received only some twelve million and some hun-
dred thousand dollars. Of this 471,000, 14(,ii00
served for less than one month; and they only
received for their services §1,177,000; and if they
were alive, according to the terms of this bill they
would receive, every year so long as they might
live, the sum of $14,131,000. But, air, of course
they are not all ali\e; and if only twelve or thir-
teen thousand of them should be living, that num-
ber would receive as much every year, under this
bill, as the 147,200 received for their entire service
in the war of 1812.
Again: of this 471,000, 125,307 served more
than"one month and less than three months. For
that service they received §3,007,000. According
to this bill, they would receive, every year>
, aliv-e,and so long as they might live, #tt ,0-9,Odd.
' And this is the way to solve the discrepancy. A.
Ur~;e number of militiamen served only for a few
I niuuths, and the most of them for less than th -'-a
! months; and this bill proposes to pay each of
tnem — tiie men who served for less than one
1 month as well as the men who served for a year—
| a neiision not for one month's service, but a
1 sion of ninety-six dollars a year lor ate. VVnl
! not gentlemen, then, understand how tne gentie-
l man from Alabama can be perfectly right m ins
•t statement to this House? It seems to me so.
Mr. Chairman, from the discussion of this bill,
: it Cvoiilil be thought that our Government was the
j inofcungrateful upon the^face of the -earth, ana
tliaffor services ' 1 '
rendered by our soldiers not one
! 1
