162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
cent of compensation liad been allowed; that we
had made no provision' for the widows and or-
phans of those who had fallen in battle, died of
their wounds, or of disease contracted while in the
service; that no sort of pension was allowed for
any kind of disability. Now, I find that every
man who has been disabled in the service of his
country, in any of our wars, is now entitled, un-
der the laws upon the statute-book, and is re-
ceiving the same rate of pay, as pension, as that
which he received during his term of service. If
a soldier died of wounds received in the service,
or from disease contracted in it, then his widow
and minor children receive that pay. What class
of your soldiery is it who are unprovided for?
It must be those who, although they did per-
form service,yet were not wounded, nor suffered
any disability, and I think that having provided
pensions for the soldiers who have been wounded
or disabled by disease contracted in the service,
and to the widows and minor children of those who
have fallen in battle or died of wounds or disease,
we have gone far enough.
I may state here, Mr. Chairman, that the State
of Louisiana has not waited for the action of the
General Government. "We commenced, after the
battle of New Orleans, and pensioned every man
'who took a part in it, and was there disabled by
wounds, or in any other way. More than that,
Louisiana is now paying to her citizens, for that
one battle of New Orleans, a larger sum, in pro-
portion to her revenues, than the Government of
the United States is paying to all its citizcns for
all the wars it has carried on. Then our citizens
are provided for, whether you pass this bill or
not. And I wish to say, in addition, when it is
iterated and reiterated that the old soldiers are
begging for the passage of this bill, that none of
my constituents are here for that purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KUNKE£j, of Pennsylvania, withdrew
his amendment. „
Mr. WHITELEY. I submit the following
amendment:
Provided, That the benefits of this act fhall not be ex-
tended to the soldier who pel formal military sen ice m
States which icfused to place the nuhiU.'oi any pait oi' it,
in the service of the United States, .it the reqne-4 of the
President, to ho commanded by lain, ptu uant to acts of
Conyietes: or which refused to allow the militia to maich
beyond the limit- of ^aiti .States.
Mr. BURNETT. Is thatamendment in order?
Is it germane ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr, WHITELEY. The debate upon this bill
has afforded all of us an oppoitunity to make an
exhibition in the patriotic line; and I hope that
my amendment will not mar the effect of that ex-
hibition by exciting any unpleasant historical
reminiscences.
I am, sir, opposed to this whole system of
pensioning. I believe that length of .service, and
the poverty of the soldier, or of his widow, ate
conditions precedent to entitle him or her to a
pension. But, if I am wrong in this, I am not
certainly wrong in the principle that those who,
in time of war, refuse to support the Government,
ought not to call upon the Government to support
them.
We all recollect how the war of 1812 was char-
acterized; how it was called "Jim Madison's
war;" and I do not know but what it was also
characterized as an " unholy war;" and that cer-
tain States—it is not for me to name them—did
pass laws prohibiting their militia fiom going
without their borders, and refusing to place their
militia under the command of the President when
Congress had declared war. Now, sir, as I read
this'bill, these ^ery people can come here and
demand pensions under it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want the gentle-
man to except Missouri from that statement.
Mr. WHITELEY. 1 am told, sir, by old men,
that even Tories of the Revolution have come here
to Washing.on and bee.i pensioned; men who
fought against their country jn that dire hour of
our country's ncccpsi. have been pensioned
by this Government. That is wrong; but if is no
more wrong than to pension men who would not
fight beyond the limits of their own State. Let
the militia and volunteers, from whatever State
they may come, whose Governors and Legisla-
tures refused to let them go without the borders
cf the State, go to the State and get their pensions.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have said that I think
this whole pension system wrong; and while I
do not mean to reflect for one moment upon the
volunteers or regulars who, in the war of 1812,
upon the confines of our territory, did participate
in many a glorious battle, I put it to the common
sense and common justice of this House why it
is that men should iSe pensioned wjipse only deed
of war, like that of another army, was to " march
up the hill and then march dowji ag^in?"
Now, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. ICunkel] claims that that is the volunteer
State. 1 know that a great many volunteers from
Pennsylvania came.down to defend Delaware, and
stopped for about a month at a place called Camp
du Point, enjoying themselves most pleasantly.
We had, it is true, a rencounter at Baltimore of
some significanceandimportance. We had a very
important affair here within six miles of this city,
which, I must be permitted to say, did not reflect
signal credit upon the American arms. [Laugh-
ter.] And you may take the volunteers of the
middle States in the war of 1812, and their whole
service, as a general thing, was in putting on uni-
forms, rubbing up muskets, and turning out twice
a day to be ready in case the English should come.
These men come here now—the rich as well as
the poor—and ask to be supported for really doing
nothing; or, if not for doing nothing, for doing
what it was their duty to do; for that man who
would not fight for his country, except in the
hope of a pension, ought to leave his country for
hi<? country's good.
I do not behevcin this doctrine that^entlcmen
promulgate—that if you do not pension these
men, you wi'lhave no \ luntecra. I do not be-
lieve the volunteers of this great country are a
; Swiss guard, who fi ht for pay alone, or for the
expectation of it. Sir, we have never had a war,
from the Revolution down, when the volunteers ,
of this country did not spring most manfully to j
their country's defense; \nd 1 say it to their '
honor, that I do not believe they did it with any .
idea of ever being pensioned. Pension a man
who is able to support himself ? The people in
my State who are able to support themselves,
and who served most gallantly m the war of 1812,
j as well as in the war with Mexico, would spurn
i a pension, if there was any other possibility of
j keeping themselves out of the poor-house.
1 [Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I should
i have liked to have had an opportunity, in the
i course of this debate, of replying to the speech
I made by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
! Curry,] ktst session, which was one of great clo-
• quence and remarkable speciousness.
j Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a question
| of otder. My point of order is this, that this
' whole debate is not in order. The gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Wiiiit.mcy] moved an amendment
to tin"4 amendment. 'The gentleman from Louis-
iana does not propose to oppose that amendment
: at all, or to confine his remarks to it. There are
! gentlemen here who desire to offer amendments
! to the bill m <rood faith, for the purpose of per-
■ fecting it. I desire to offer such an amendment;
but while this irregular debute goes on, we never
shall have an opportunity of doing so. I must,
therefore, object to it.
! The CIIA1RMA M". The Choir would suggest
| that greater latitude has been allowed throughout
, this debate than strictly m order; and it has
i been done without objection. The Chair will feel
'bound, however, to confine the debate to the
i| questions befoie the comrm1 fee, if rmy gentleman
!■ insists upon a ri£id enforcement of the rule.
ij Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 ask for it.
|i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fromLou-
I, isiana will confine his remarks to the pending
amendment.
ii Mr. DAVIDSON. I was saying, sir, that I
II regretted that I did not ha^ean opportunity of ex-
j; posing the speciousness of the eloquent argument
of the gentleman from Alabama. I should have
; liked, sir, to have discussed with him that axiom
, which he says is derived from the wise men of the
Scriptures, that before you build a tower, you must
fitst, examine the expenses that you will incur. 1
I do not pretend to deny that that is a just and
: proper axiom; but I would like to ask the gentlc-
i! man how this spacious temple cams to be built—
this temple which has been built in order that the
■ Representatives of the people may sit here and
!' discuss whether, as the gentleman said, the sol-
diers of the war of 1812 were in a war that " tried
men's souls ?" I say that the soldiers of the war
of 1812 were men whose souls were tried. Sir,
if the soldiers of that war were not men whose
souls were tried, I would like to know in what
war men's souls were tried ? But, sir, you com-
menced to build this Capitol on the pretense that
it would cost only $1,000,000; and you have
already expended six or eight millions to adorn a
house in which you can sit to sneer and snarl at
the men who defended your firesides and the
honor of your wives and daughters.
The gentleman from Delaware undertook to
cast a fling at the valor of the volunteers who
were compelled to retreat before the standing army
of Great Britain, leaving this city defenseless, so
that your Capitol was burnt down. It is true that
wc were beaten at the first, as we always will be
by the trained bands of foreign Governments; but
it is no argument why these men should be treated
with contempt, and should not be cared for,
because, mayhap, you may provide for some who
are not meritorious. Even though it be true that
many of the old soldiers are able to live without
a pension, is that a reason why men who have
fought the battles of the country should not be
paid for their service?
But we are told that the policy is wrong. Now,
sir, the fathers of the Revolution established the
pension system, and it is not for us either to
establish or change that system, but merely to
designate the men who are to be the beneficiaries
under it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHITELEY called for tellers upon his
amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment; and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to offer an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask whether a
substitute can be offered at this stage of the con-
sideration of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It maybe received; but
it will be in order first to perfect the original bill
before the voto can be taken upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I then move to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and to insert as follows:
That each of the ssinviving officer, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, who «hall have served in
the regulai Army, State Hoops, volunteers, or militia, or
shall have been engaged m active battle with the enemy m
the v^r declared by the United States against Cheat tiuiam
on the 18th day o{ June, 1819, ot in hostilities ugains-t any
of the Indian tubes poor to lyl5, be authouzed to leceive,
out of anv money in tlte Tiea>uiy not otherwise appropn-
atcd, ibo amount ol full pay to wlneh under existing laws
a pnvatc in the eontuiontal hue ^entitled to leceive ; such
pay to commence tiom the date of application and continue
duimg lu-s natuial life.
Smc. 9. v-lnd be it fwither enacted, That if any of the offi-
ceis, non-commissioned ofhceis, tnir-ictans, or piivates,
have died, leaving a widow, such widow shall be entitled
to receive the ramc pcn.-i^n to wlneh her husband would
have been entitled under this act, loi and duimg her natu-
ral life.
Buc. 3. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the pay allowed
by thi^ aet hball, nndei the direction of the Secictaiy of the
Intciioi.be paid to the officet, non-coinmi-^ioncd otficcr,
musician. puvato, or his widow, or {hen authouzed attor-
ney, at ^ucli places and times as the Secietaiy ot'the tnte-
nor niav dneet; and that no officer, non-commissioned
ofiieer, private, or lus widow, shall leceive the same until
he fmm>b the wud Scciet.uv uf the Intend with
tory evidence thai he is entitled to the same, in accordance
with the provision? of this aet and that the pay heteby al-
lowed shall not ho m any way tian.-lerrable or-liable to at-
tachment, levy, or ^euiuie, by any legal process whatever,
but shall go uruncumheied to the possession of the officer,
nou-coimiiHMorted officer, musician, private, or his widow.
Sec. 1. .dndhc it fait ker enacted, 'That the officeis, non-
cominUsioiied orli^ei*, and marines, who served in the
naval suvicc, oi wcie engaged in actual battle with the
; cvmv dining the war with Gieat Britain aforesaid, and
| their widow?-, shall be entitled to me benefits of thif act. m
the «aoie manner and to the same extentas is provided for
the oilieers and soldier* of the army of the war of 1313.
I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, that my objec-
tions to the original bill are threefold. It dis-
criminates against the soldier and in favor of tha
officer. It makes no discrimination in re.spect to
length of service; the soldier who served during
the whole war receives no more than the one who
served for ninety days. In the third place, the
pension provided^for in the original bill involves
too great an expenditure of money.
The chief feature of the amendment which I
