THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
and Territories. This same article of faith has
gone into the various Defaocratic platforms, and
especially into the Cincinnati platform. Every
Democrat, therefore, is pledged, by his platform
and the organization of the party, against any
legislation of Congress in the. Territories for or
against slavery, no matter how obnoxious the
territorial legislation may be. If it is unconstitu-
tional, you have your remedy; go to thecourtand
test the question. If it is constitutional, you
agreed that the people of a Territory may have it.
I hold you to the agreement.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a-question?
• DOUGLAS. Certainly, with great
Mr
pleas-
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senator whether he be-
lieves that a citizen of the southern States has a
right to carry his slaves into the Terr^to ries under
the Constitution?
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the Senator gets
through with his question, I will answer.
Mr. CLAY. I should like the Senator to an-
swer". *
Mr. DOUGLAS. . I do not Jjke this thing of
requiring categorical answers, when the Senator
who puts the question holds the floor. When he
gets through, I will give him an answer.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator does not answer it,
I will answer it. I think the citizen has that right.
When J am asked whence he derives the right', I
say from the Constitution. The Supreme Court
has so decided. Then, 1 ask the Senator, if the
Constitution gives the right, how can the Terri-
tory iteoy it? and if the Territory pass a law in-
hibiting the introduction of slaves there, where is
his redress? The Senator says, in the Supreme
Court. Suppose he takes a slave there; suppose
it is stolen from him, and he brings an action for
its recovery, and the local court decides against
him, and he brings his case to the Supreme Court
byappeal. and theSupreme Court decides that the
law inhibiting slavery is unconstitutional, and
that he has aright to hold the slave: what redress
is given to him if Congress will not secure his
rights ? The result is just this: that if the Sena-
tor be right, the Constitution prevails in the States,
but not in the Territories; squatter sovereignty is
superior to the Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator's
question. First, 1 do not hold that squatter sover-
eignty is superior to the Constitution. I hold that
no such thing as sovereign power attaches to a
Territory while a Territory. I hold that a Ter-
ritory possesses whatever power it derives from
the Constitution under the organic act, arid no-
more, t hold that all the power a Territorial Le-
gislature possesses is derived from the Constitu-
tion and its amendments, under the' act of Con-
gress; and because I hold that, I denied last year
that the people of a Territory, without the con-
sent of Congress, could assemble at Lecompton
and create an organic law for that people. I de-
nied the validityof your Lecompton constitution,
for the reason that constitutions can only be made
by sovereign power; and because'the Territory
was not a sovereignty, that was not a constitu-
tion, but a petition. But, sir, I will not occupy
time on that question. The limit of the author-
ity of a Territorial Legislature is the organic act
and the Constitution and its amendments. The
organic act of Kansas provides, in its sixth sec-
tion:
" That the legislative power of the Territory stall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provisions of this
act; but no latv shall be passed interfering with the primary
disposition of the soil," See.
The whole legislative power possessed by Con-
gress over a Territory was, by that act, conferred
oh the Territorial Legislature. There were ex-
ceptions on three points; but slaveiy was notone
of the exceptions. I say, then, the intent was to
give to the Territorial Legislature all the power
that we possessed; all that could be given under
the Constitution;and the understanding was^that
Congress would not interfere with whatever legis-
lation they might enact.
Now, the Senator from Alabama asks me
whether the southern people, under the Constitu-
tion, have not the right to carry their slaves there?
I answer, yes—the same right that you have to
carry any other property. Then you.ask, have
they not a right to hold it there when they get it
there? I answer, the same right that you have to
hold any other property, subject to such local
laws as the local Legislature may constitutionally
enact. Can you hold any other property without
law to protect it? No. Then, can you hold slave
property without law to protect it? No, is the
answer. Then, will Congress pass laws to pro-
tect other property in the Territories? I answer,
no. We have created Territorial Legislatures for
that purpose. We agreed that this Government
should not violate the principles of our Revolu-
tion, by making laws for a distant people regulat-
ing their domestic concerns, and affecting their
rights of property, without giving them a repre-
sentation. The doctrine that Congress is to reg-
ulate the rights of person and property, and the
domestic concerns of a Territory, is the doctrine
of the Tories of the Revolution. It is the doctrine
of George III. and Lord North, his minister. Our
fathers then said that they would not consent that
the British Parliament should pass laws touching
the local and domestic concerns of the colonies,
the rights of person and property, the family re-
lations of the people of the colonies, without their
consent. The Parliament of Great Britain said
they had the power. We said to them " you may
have the power, but you have not the moral right;
it is violative of the great principles of civil lib-
erty; violative of the rights of an Englishman, not
to be affected in his property without his consent
is given through his representatives." Because
Great Britain insisted on exercising that identical
power over these colonies, our fathers flew to
arms, asserted the doctrine that every colony,
every dependency, every Territory, had a right
in its own domestic Legislature to pass just such
laws as its people chose touching their local and
domestic concerns, recognizing thev right of the
Imperial Parliament to regulate imperial affairs,
as I do the right of Congress to regulate the na-
tional andFederal concernsof the people of aTer-
ritoiy.
Sir, I am asserting, on behalf of the people of
theTerritories, justthose rights which our fathers,
demanded for themselves against the claim of
Great Britain. Because those rights were not
g-ranted toourfathers, they wentthrougha bloody
war of seven years. Am I now to be called upon
to e/iforce that same odious doctrine on the people
of a Territory, against their consent? I say, no.
Organize a territorial government for them; give
them a Legislature, to be elected by their own
people; give them all the powers of legislation on
all questions of a local and domestic character,
subject only to the Constitution; and if they make
good laws, let them enjoy their blessings; and if
they make bad laws, let them suffer under them
until they repeal them. If the laws are uncon-
stitutional, let those aggrieved appeal to the court
—the tribunal created by thp Constitution to as-
certain that fact. That is the principle on which
we stood in 1854. It was on that principle and
that understanding we fought the great political
battle and gained the great victory of 1856. How
many votes do you think Mr. Buchanan would
have obtained in Pennsylvania if he had then said
that the Constitution of the United States plants
slavery in all the Territories, and makes it' the
duty of the Federal Government to keep it there
and maintain it at the point of the bayonet and
by Federal laws, in opposition to the will of the
people? How many votes would'he have re-
ceived in Ohio, or any other free State, on such a ;
platform? Mr. Buchanan did not then under- j
stand the doctrines of popular sovereignty and
self-government in that way. ;
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President  j
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will hear the Senator. !
Mr. BIGLER. I shall not attempt to answer |
the honorable Senator's question; but he will 1
pardon me for asking another, which I think
quite as significant and quite as appropriate, and 1
it is this: Suppose that 111 the campaign of 1§56, ]
instead of saying as that honorable Senatorsaid, I
and as those who acted with him said, and as I said ;
everywhere to-the people of the States, who were 1
about to emigrate to theTerritories, " when you
go there, you carry with you all th,e rights you
enjoy in a sovereign State;" saying as he said '
and as. I said, " it is but the extension of the
great principle of self-government to the Teriito-
ries;" suppose wo had said to those proud people, .
" when there, and'in the matter of changing your
government from a Territory to a State, you shall
have the high privilege of exercising'the right to i
petition Congress for a redress of grievances?"
They would have asked that Senator and me
when it was, and where it was, that the American
citizen had nota right to petition for a redress of
grievances, whether white or black.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I shall not
answer that part of the Senator's inquiry as to
whether American citizens, white or black, have
not the right to petition for a redress ofgrievances,
because 1 do not'recognize any black American
citizens. I have no colored brethren of that de-
scription. [Laughter and applause in the galle-
ries.] I know of no American citizens in this
Republic except the white people, and I trust in
God I shall never know any other kind. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
Mr. BIGLER. I know that as well as the
Senator; and I ought to have said inhabitants.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) If there is any more interruption
in the galleries, the Chair will order the galleries
to be cleared.
Mr. MASON. If there is any more disturbance
in the galleries, I shall certainly move and insist
that the galleries be cleared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
order the galleries to be cleared at once if there is
any further interruption.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I assert that in 1856, during
the'whole of that campaign, I took the same posi-
tion I do now, and none other; and I will show
that Mr. Buchanan pledged himself to the same
doctrine when he accepted the nomination of the
Cincinnati convention. In his letter of acceptance
he says, referring to the Kansas-Nebraska act:
u The recent legislation of Congress, respecting domestic
slavery, derived, as it has been, from the original and pure
fountain of legitimate political power, the will of the ma-
jority, promises ere long to allay the dangerous excitement.
This legislation is founded upon principles as ancient as free
government itself, and, m accoidance with them, has sim-
ply declaied that the people of a Teiritory, like those of a
State, shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall or
shall not exist wuhm their limits."
This extract from Mr. Buchanan's letter shows
that he then understood that the people of a Ter-
ritory, like those oj a State, should decide for them-
selves whether slavery should or should not ex-
ist within their limits. I undertake to say, that
wherever I went that year, his cause was advo-
cated on that principle, as laid down in his letter
of acceptance. The people of the North, at least,
certainly understood him to hold the doctrine
of self-government in Territories as well as in
States, and as applicable to slave property as
well as to all other species of property. I under-
take to say, that he would not have carried one
half the Democratic v>o,te in any free State, if he
had not been thus understood; and i hope my
friend from Mississippi had no allusion to this
letter, when he said that in the next contest he
did not desire " to cheat nor be cheated." I am
glad that the Senator from Mississippi means to
have a clear, unequivocal, specific statement of
our principles, so that there shall be no cheating
on either side. I intend to use language which
can be repeated in Chicago as well as in New.
Orleans, in Charleston the same as in Boston.
We live under a common Constitution. No po-
litical creed is sound or'safe which cannot be pro-
claimed in the same sense wherever the American
nag waves over American soil. If the North and
the South cannot come to a common ground 011
the slavery question, the sooner we know it the
better. The Democracy of the North hold, at
least, that the people of a Territory have the same
right to legislate in respect to slavery,'as to all
other property; and that, practically, it results in
this: if they want slavery, they will have it; and
if they do not want it, it shall not be forced upon
them by an act of Congress. The Senator from
Mississippi says that doctrine is right, unless we
pass an act of Congress compelling the people of
a Territory to have slavery whether they want it
or not. Th6 point he wishes to arrive at, is
whether we are for or against congressional in-
tervention. If you repudiate the doctrine of non-
intervention, and form a slave code by act of
Congress, when the people of a Territory refuse
H, you must step off the Democratic platform.
We will let you aepart in peace, as you no longer
belong to us; you are no longer of us when you
adopt the principle of congressional intervention,
in violation of the Democratic creed. I stand here
defending the great principle of non-intervention
