iM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
encies of human conduct would have their sur-
prise much diminished.
Where is this money to be obtained? Remem-
ber, that even on the calculation made by the gen-
tleman this morning that not more thari $6,000,000
yearly will be required to meet the expenses of
this bill, it involves a charge of f100,000,000; that
is to say, it is equivalent-to a capital, or addition
to the public debt, of $100,000,000. Where is this
to come from? It must be raised by loans or by
an increase of the duties upon imports; and I can-
not but express my^urprise and regret that gen-
tlemen Vho are known to agree with me in oppo-
sition to the extension of a protective tariff, should
select the present time for adding these heavy
burdens to those already borne by the people of
the United States. It must be admitted, sir, that
the present is a most unpropitious moment for
passing a bill like this, when countless millions of
dollars are proposed to be expended in the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad, when your French
spoliation bill claims consideration, and when it
has been recommended to increase the Navy, and
perhaps additions, too, will be urged to the Army;
this is the time selected for plunging the country
into the expenses involved in the passage of the
present measure. I can well understand why the
gentleman from Pennsylvaniaj[Mr.KuNKEL,Jwho
spoke this morning, and so earnestly, in behalf
of the volunteers of his own State, will look upon
the passage of the bill with much satisfaction. I-Ie
sees in this bill visions of tariff bounties and spe-
cifics. The gentleman nods assent. What do my
southern friends say to this? Arc they, too, will-
ing, by passing this bill, to render it necessary
to raise the duties on imports and thus increase
the vigorous operations of the protective tariff"
system ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I wish the
gentleman to state, also, that I said I would vote
for the bill if the money was to be raised by direct
taxation, and that I thought that the people would
be willing to pay it out of their own pockets.
Mr.MILLSON. I haveshown the vast amount
of expenditure involved; and however vast, un-
questionably, if this be a debt, it must be met.
Mr. CU11RY. I move to reduce the amount
one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, a very obvious reply might.be
given to the opinion which my friend from Geor-
gia [Mr. Gartrell] entertains of the different
speeches which have been made on the other aide;
but I will not be so unkind as to present it. I
propose, however, to show very briefly that the
argument indulged in yesterday, in reference to
the incorrectness of the calculation which is pre-
sented, is utterly unfounded. My fuend from
Louisiana [Mr. Santhpg*:] has partially relieved
me from that duty. It was urged yesterday that
my estimates wpre erroneous, from the fact that
Mr. Calhoun, m 18'20, stated the aggregate ex-
penditure of the Army, during the war of 1812,
at $12,000,000. Tins is easily accounted for. The
soldiers were paid according to their term of ser-
vice. Twelve months embraces four periods of
three months each. Now, sir, in twelve months?
there may have been four different periods of three
months' service each, and for each service they
were paid in proportion to the time spent in the
army. But, under this lull, every man who
served ten days gets a full pension of the amount
that a soldier in the war of 1812 got for the whole
year. Now, there were over one hundred and
seventy thousand mihtia-meu in the war of 1312
who served less than three months; and each of
these soldiers who survives, and the widows of
each of them who has deceased, gets n pension.
And that accounts very satisfactorily for the dif-
ference, and explains what seems to be apparently
such a strong argument against my calculation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the difference between
gentlemen on the other side and myself, in refer-
ence to the probable cost under this bill, arises ;
from our difference of opinion as to the probable j
duration of the lives of the soltlieis engaged in the !
war. The survivors and widows of over five hun- ;
di"d thousand would be entitled, under the bill as j
it now stands, to a pension. The Commissioner i
estimates,and he bases his calculation on the num- !
ber of land warrants which have been issued, as i
shown by the gentleman from Ohio, yesterday, j
that three eighths of these soldiers are still liv- j
ing. By a simple arithmetical calculation, taking I
the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia,
giving Ninety-six dollars per annum, you have*
$18,000,000, or about that sum.
But strike out one half of that and it still leaves
nearly ten million dollars, which will be involved
under this bill.
It is said by gentlemen upon this floor that no
argument as to the expense is an argument as to
the merits of the bill. I take a different position.
Sir, when you propose to tax the people of this
country for the purpose of conferring a gratuity
upon men who are not disabled, not needy, not
objects of charity—for this bill does not discrim-
inate between the wealthy and the necessitous—
then I contend that it is a legitimate line of argu-
ment to inquire into the expense under this bill,
and to hold up to public view and observation the
enormous amount which will be required to exe-
cute it.
Sir, extravagance in other departments of the
Government furnishes no excuse for this outlay.
I will go as far as any gentleman in lopping off
expenditures. My course shows that I have done
it. already. And I think that §45,000,000 are
ample, and more than ample,, to defray all the
necessary expenditures of this Government; but
that has nothing to do, sir, with this question.
For myself, I have avowed it before, I avow it
still again, that I am opposed to this whole sys-
tem of pensioning where there is no disability in-
curred in actual service. It is fraught, in my
opinion, \yith incalculable mischiefs, and antago-
nizes every just idea of a free Government. Nor
is there any force in the argument offeied by gen-
tlemen around me, that it is a question between
a pension system on the one side and a standing
army on the other. 1 think the gentleman from :
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kukkkl,] and otheis, have ;
done their States very great injustice by calling j
them volunteer States, and in the next breath ;
saying that this pension system is requisite, in !
order to secure volunteers in the future. I think, I
sir, it does not speak well for the people of the !
country; an.d if that be the argument, I disavow j
and repudiate it. Gentlemen refuse to follow their •
own principles to their logical and inevitable con-
sequences, when they are unwilling to put the :
soldiers of every subsequent war in this pension ,
bill. The gentleman from Kentucky yesterday, ,
and the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Atkins,] 1
m the beautiful speech which he delivered this !
morning, say that this is a debt. If ho, when did !
it occur? Obviously from the rendu ion of the '
service; and there is no justice in postponing the j
payment of the debt until three fourths of them j
aie in their graves. |
Jflorc the hammer fell.] J
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I desire to i/i- ]
quire if the substitute offered by the gentleman
from New York [Mr* Fenton] some days ago, is |
pending? 1
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. John Cociiiiake in i
the chair.) It impending, and when these amend- 1
menus arc disposed of it will be in order 1
Mr. GKOW. Mr. Chairman, it is an uns;ra- ;
cious task, I am aware, to seem even to oppose |
any application for the bounty of the Government i
in behalf of those who have upheld its standard on
the battle-field. Such men are deserving, it is true, ]
of a more substantial reward than tears to the j
dead andHhanks to the living; and the Government j
has so decided, for under the bounty-land policy :
the Government has granted to all such men one !
hundred and sixty acro^ of land, thus securing to ,
them a home, and, if able-bodied, they can sur- j
round it xvith comfort and make their firesides i
happy. The Government has neverpensioned for |
service merely, except in case of the Revolution, (
so this bill proposes an entirely new policy. j
The substitute offered by the gentleman from j
New York, proposes to grant to all the invalids, !
those who were disabled in the seivicc of their 1
country, and thus incapacitated from obtaining;
their livelihood, a pension fioni the date of their .
disability. Sir, m my judgment, that is the only
proposition that can pass both Houses, and thus
become a law, at this session of Congress. Iam,
therefore, in favor of this substitute. I am in
favor of it, believing that if there be any differ-
ence—and certainly there is—those are the meri-
torious men who appeal to the justice of their coun-
try; they appeal with that strongest of all appeals,
decrepitude and want, incurred by reason of the
disability they recei v ed in the service of their coun-
try. These meft receive a pension now from the
time they complete their proof, and it is granted
because they were disabled in the service of their
country. The disability is the meritorious cause
of the pension. Why not then begin from the
date of that disability? In all cases, I desire to
see the Government of my country provide for
the widows and children of those who fell in her
struggles; and provide, also, for the men disabled
in her cause. You have such men to-day scat-
tered all over the land, hobbling on their crutches
on the brink of the grave, from disabilities re-
ceived in upholding the standard of their country.
Their relief can be provided for. Then why not
do a practical and just thing for these men ? Do
what there ought to be no objection to, and what
every man knows can become the law—pass a bill
which will secure these men this bounty from the
date of their disability. That will give them, in
this, the period of their decline, the means of re-
lief, and secure them from want the little remnant
of their pilgrimage on earth.
Sir, the great argument that I have heard in
behalf of this bill, and the one strongly pressed in
favor of this new policy of pensioning for scrvice
alone, is that it is a substitute for a standing army.
That argument pays a poor compliment to the
patriotism of the country; that it must be stim-
ulated to defend its own hearthstones and fire-
sides by the paltry sum of a Government bounty
of ninety-six dollars a year. I appeal to the gal-
lant men upon this floor who rendered such sig-
nal service m planting the standard of their coun-
try in the ancient halls of the Montezumas, if that
consideration could have influenced them to enlist
to fight the battles of their country ? I know they
would lepel it as an insult to their manhood, if
not to their sense of duty to their country. And
will they claim to be more patriotic than their co-
patriots in arms? Two things are m my judg-
ment to be avoided, if possible, in this Govern-
ment; the one a large standing army, and the
other a large list of life pensioners upon the bounty
of the Government. .The men who enlist in the
service of their country in the hour of danger,
need no such stimulus. As was well said by the
veteran and gray-haired member from Ohio, [Mr.
Giodings,] " the pride of the soldier is the great
stimulant to such action." He only needs the
consciousness that—
" If theie bo on this eanlily spheie
A boon, an olfcimg Heaven holds dear,
'Tis the la^t libation hbetty draw*
Fioui thfc hoait that bleed.-' and breaks in her cause."
[Here the hammer fell ]
Thfi amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend by striking
out " one dollar" and inserting " five dollars 99
My object in offering tins amendment, is partly
to ask my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the
effect of one clause of the substitute which he has
offered. As I understand the bill now pending
before the committee, it gives compensation, by
way of pension, for vauous terms of service, vary-
ing in duration, but that one clause of the bill pro-
vides that those who were engaged in any battle
in the war of 1812, shall, iirespective of the term
of setvice, receive the maximum amount of pen-
sion; the question I ask is, whether the substi-
tute he has offered doex not put all such upon the
continental system, giving those who have been
engaged in battle a less amount than the pending
bill gives to that class?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The substitute I
have offered, gives to those who have fought in
battle, the highest pension given upon the conti-
nental line.
Mr. HARRIS. Is that as much as is given in
the bill pending before the committee ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Yes, sir; as I un-
derstand it, ninety-six dollars a year.
Mr. HARRIS. That is a feature of some con-
sequence to the constituency which I represent,
because a large number of the volunteers engaged
in the gallant defense of Baltimore served a less
period than those enumerated in the bill. There
is one thing very certain, that whatever may be the
deserts of others who were engaged in the war of
1812, I think it would be a very difficult matter
to find fault with any of the soldiers of my native
city who were engaged in that war—I am confi-
dent that the fighting done in that war by those
whom I represent, was fighting, the quality and
