1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by Congress, anil self-govefnment by the people
of theTerri'tones. That is the Democratic creed.
The northern Democracy have so understood it.
No Democratic State t in the North ever would
have voted for Mr. Buchanan, but for the fact
that he was understood to occupy that position.
I tell you, gentlemen of the South, in all candor,
I do not believe a Democratic candidate can ever
carry any one Democratic State of the North on
the pltfltform that it is the duty of the Federal
Government to force the people of a Territory to
have slavery*when they do not want it. But if the
true principles of State-rights and popular sover-
eignty be maintained and carried out in good
faith,as set forth in the Nebraska bill, and under-
stood by the people in 1856, a glorious future
awaits the Democracy.
If we cannot stand together upon that princi-
ple there is no use of any angry excitement; no
use of any violent controversy; no necessity for
crimination or recrimination. The Senator from
Mississippi has stated his position clearly and in
a spirit of kindness. I trust that I have met him
with equal kindness and frankness. I am sorry
to have been under the necessity of occupying
the time of the Senate in the discussion sf this
question at this late period of the session; but I
am sure the Senate will do me the justice to say
that I could not have been silent after the speech
of my friend from Mississippi, without defend-
ing the position which was so severely and so
ably assailed £>y him. I trust that I shall not be
under the necessity of trespassing longer upon the
time of the Senate upon these collateral questions.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when the people
of these States became united, and formed a Con-
stitution, their councils were guided by men who
had hearts capable of expansion as broad as the
continent; minds that stooped not to such de-
grading controversies as the character of labor
employed by the people of other States;and if, in
the progress of our history, we have reached the
point where it is necessary to part, as the Senator
from Illinois says, or to adopt a creed like that
which he has announced, I wish him God-speed
and a pleasant journey. No, sir; not the breadth
of one hair would I follow the Senator in the ca-
reer which he announces'. "His whole argument
is based upon the supposition that there is a peo-
ple residing in a Territory, and that the Consti-
tution is a compact which we have made with
them. Neither the one nor the other is true.
There are inhabitants in a Territory, tenants for
the States who own the Territory, waiting until
the fullness of time shall lit them to become a
State, by the consent of the existing States; then
to assume the dignity of a people and equality
with the other States. The Constitution is a com-
pact between the sovereign States. It applies to
the Territories, because they are dependencies of
the States, and its principles follow the American j
people and appertain to the American soil every- j
where, but not in the nature of compact between j
the States and inhabitants of a Territory.
But the Senator argues, and with his usual ve-
hemence, that we claim that there shall be a dis-
crimination made in relation to slave property,
and that'this is a violation of a great principle,
which he is going to the end of time to defend.
What, sir, is that Constitution under the shield
of which he pretends to plant himself? A com-
pact wherein this discrimination is broadly made
by men who understood what they were about,
and did not intend to war upon the domestic and
local interests of their brethren. Not only, sir,
were they guarded from the interference of Con-
gress, but a higher authority than Congress ^he
authority of the States themselves, the creating
power. In the fourth article and second section
of the Constitution, it was provided:
li No person held to scrvice or labor in one State, undwr
the laws, thereof, escaping iniii another, shall, m conse-
quence of any law or legulation therein, be di-chuiged trom
such service or labor, but shall he deli\ered up on claim ul
the party to whom such seiviuo or labor may be due."
There is no such provision made in relation to
any other kind of property. It was made in re-
lation to this, because of its peculiar character;
made by men who rose superior to the petty preju-
dices of our day. Before the Constitution was
formed, and before any such obligation existed
upon them, the like spnit was manifested by the
men to whom we are indebted for the institutions
we possess. 1 send to the Chair, to be read by the
Secretary, a report from a committee composed of
Hamilton,Sedgewick,and Madison,and,adopted
by Congress' pn the day which is written above it.
The Secretary read as follows:
" ASYLUM TO FUGITIVE SLAVES.
"August 26, 1788.
"On the report of a committee, consisting of Mr. Hamil-
ton, of New York, Mr. Sedgewick, of Massachusetts, and
Mr. Madison, of Virginia, to whom was referred a report of
the Secretary for the Department of Foreign Affairs, of the
14th instant—
"Resolved, That the Secretary for the Department of For-
eign Affairs be directed to transmit copies of the papers re-
ferred to in his said report to the charge d'affaires of the
United State? at Madrid, and instruct him to represent to
his Catholic Majesty the inconveniences wlneh the States
bordering on his dominions experience from the asylum af-
forded to fugitive negroes belonging to the citizens of the
said Stales; and ifiat Congress have full confidence that or-
ders shall be given to his governors to permit and facilitate
their being apprehended And delivered to persons author- j
ized to receive them, assuring his Majesty that the said j
States will observe the like conduct respecting all such ne- i
groes belonging to his subjects as may be found therein. [
"Resolved, That the said Secretary be also directed $o :
communicate the said papers to the Encargado de Negocios
of Spain, and to signify to him that his interposition to ob-
tain proper regulations to be made on the subject would be
very agreable to Congress."
Mr. DA.VIS. It there appears that the men j
who founded this Government, instead of seek
ing to escape from responsibility, by evasion, to :
effect what they dared not perform openly; instead
of endeavoring, in any mode, to relieve themselves
from responsibility, not only made this provision
in relation to their brethren of the confederated
States, but also in relation to#the citizens of a for-
eign country; and in asserting the claims of our
own citizens against those of Spain, they state,
not as an obligation, but as a consequence of their
own good faith and nice sense of honor, "re-
turned, as in like manner from the States, if slaves
should escape from the possessions of Spain, in
, Florida, into the States."
Now, the Senator asks will you make a dis-
crimination in the Territories? I say yes, I
would discriminate in the Territories wheieverit j
is needful to assert the right of a citizen; where |
ever it is proper to carry out the principle, the ob- ;
ligation, the clear intent and meaning of the Con- I
stitution of the United States. I have heard many j
a siren's song on this doctrine of non-.interven- i
tion; a thing shadowy and fleeting, changing its |
color as often us the chameleon, which never
meant anything fairly unless it was that Congress j
tfould not attempt to legislate on a subject over ,
which they had no control; that they would not |
attempt to establish slavery anywhere nor to pro- j
bibit it anywhere; and such was the language of (
the compromise measures of 1850 when this doc- j
trine was inaugurated. Since that, it has been ,
woven into a delusive gauze thrown over the pub- !
lie mind, and presented as an obligation of the ;
Democratic party to stand still; withholding from i
an American citizen the protection he has a right j
to claim; to surrender their power; to do nothing; i
to prove faithless to the trust they hold at the ,
hands of the people of the Sfatps. If the theory !
of the Senator be correct, and if Congress has no .
power to legislate in any regard upon the subject,
how did you pass the fugitive slave law ? He re-
peats, again and again, that you have no power to
legislate'in regard to slavery either in the States
or in the Tei ntoties, and yet the fugitive slave law
stands on the statute-book; and although he did
not vote for it, he explained to the country why
he did not, and expressed his regret that his ab-
sence had prevented him from recording his vote
in favor of it,
1 From the plain language of the Constitution, as
I have read it, how is it possible for one still
claiming to follow the path of the Constitution, to
assert that Congress has no power to legislate in
relation to the subject anywhere? He informs us,
however, that by the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the
]i full power of the inhabitants of a Teiritory to
legislate oil all subjects not inconsistent with the
! Constitution, was granted by Congress. If Co 11-
' gress attempted to make such a grant; if Con-
<ness thus attempted to rid themselves of a trust
' imposed uuon them,they exceeded their authority
1 They could delegate 110 such power. The Ter-
ritorial Legislature can be but an instrument,
through which the Congress of the UnitedStates
I execute their trust in relation to the Territories.
]i Therefore it was, that notwithstanding the exact
ji language of that bill which the Senator has read,
It the Congress of the United States did assume,
and did exercise, the power to repeal a law passed
in that very Territory of Kansas, which they
cleaVly could not have done if they had surren-
dered all control overits legislation. Whether the.
Senator voted for that report or not, I do -not
know, I presume he did,; but whether he did or
not, does not vary the question, except so far as
it affects himself. The advocates of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill-were generally the men who most
promptly claimed the repeal of those laws, be-
cause they said they were a violation of those
rights which every American citizen possessed
under the Constitution.
But the Senator says territorial laws can only
be set aside by an appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States. If so, then they have a
power not derived from Congress; they are not
the instruments of Congress. But in the course
of the Senator's remarks, and quite inconsistent
with this position, he announced that they pos-
sessed no power save that which they derivfed
from the organic act and the Constitution. They
can derive no power from the Constitution save
as Territories of the United States, over which"the
States have given the power of a trustee to the
Congress; and being the delegate of the Con-
gress, they have such powers as Congress h^s
thought proper to give, provided they do not ex-
ceed such powers as the Congress possesses.
How, then, does the Senator claim«that they have
a power to legislate which Congress cannot re-
vise; and yet no power to legislate at all save that
which they derive from their organic act?
My friend from Alabama presented a question
to the Senator from Illinois, which he did not an-
swer. It was, whether a law pronourtced uncon-
stitutional by the Supreme Court was still to
remain in force within the Territory, Congress
failing to provide any remedy which would restore
the right violated by that unconstitutional act?
The Senator answers me from his seat, " clearly
not." Then I ask him, what is the remedy? The
law is pronounced unconstitutional, and yet the
right which it has violated is not restored; the
protection which is required is not granted; the
law which deprived him of the protection, though
it may be declared unconstitutional, is not.re-
placed by any which will give him the adequate
protection to hold his property. Then what is
the benefit he derives from the decision of the
Supreme Court ? The decision of the Supreme
Court is binding upon the Congress; but this
squatter-sovereignty legislation, seeming to be
outside of the Constitution, outside of the legis-
lation of the Federal Government, erects itself
into an attitude that seems to me quite inappro-
priate.
I concede to the Congress the power, through
the instrumentality of aTerritoi'tal Legislature, to
legislate upon such subjects as Congress itself has
the right to make laws for; no more than that.
More than that the Senator cannot claim, unless
he can show to us that philosophical problem of
j! getting more out of a tub than it contains; its con-
'! tents being measured, to find something more
which can be taken out of it. If lie will not—and
I suppose he will not—contend that Congress can
delegate more power than it possesses, how does
i he get the power in the Territorial Legislature to
i' pass laws which will interfere wifh the rights of
1! a citizen choosing to migrate to a Territory ? It
' I is the common property of the people of the States.
1 Every citizen hasa right to go there, and to carry
with him whatever property is recognized by the'
■; Constitution; the common law of the States form-
i mar the Union. Congress has no power to pro-
> hibit it; is bound to see that it is fully enjoyed.
!| Then, I ask the Senator, wlieio does he derive
11 the power for the Territorial Legislature to do it.
i for he has planted himself now on the ground that
■ they derive their authority fiom the organic act.
i Mr GREEK. Will the Senator permit me to
| give him a little information I have just received ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
' Mr GREEN. The Legislature of Kansas has
| passed a law declaring that, from and after the
passage of the act, slavery shall cease to exist m
I Kansas. ^ . , . _ ,
; jyjr> DAVIS. If it be the obligation of the
■' United-States to protect its citizens in their con-
I stitutional rights, and it be shown that those con-
j; s'titutional rights are violated by the inhabitants
;i of a Territory , or anybody else, it is the duty of
ii Congress to interpose, with whatever power it
