1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
value of which will not be objected to by any gen-
tleman on this floor.
I shd.ll make but one observation in connection
with the allusion made by the gentleman from
Delaware to the aifair at Bladenshurg, and that is,
that some gallant fighting, at least, was done in
that battle, and was, perhaps, the redeeming fea-
ture of the engagement; and that was, so far as
my memory serves me, the gallant stand made by
Commodore Barney with his battery. I will
further say, that I believe it is the impartial vcr-
dict of history that the inglorious results of that
battle maybe attributed mainly to the conduct of
the then Secretary of War.
Now, sir, I need not stand before this House,
or before the country, to defend the soldiers of
the old Maryland line. You will find its glory
flashing all over the records of the revolutionary
war. Nor need 1 do so for those gallant men
who, under the provisions of this bill, would re-
ceive a pension for services in the war of 1812.
They need no defunpe from me. If any man upon
this floor wants to deprive any of these old sol-
diers of the poor pittance which this bill gives,
upon any doubt of their gallant services, let him
look to Fort McHenry and old North Point.
If there be any men in the country who merit
the grateful recognition of gallant services by their
country, those men stand in the foremost rank of
desert, and it would ill become me to withhold
the recognition of their fralkmtry,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise simply to
give notice that when this bill shall have been re-
ported to the House, I will, if I can obtain the
floor, offer the following; resolution; which I ask
the Clerk now to read for information.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentleman cannot offer his proposition at this
time.
Mr. VA LLAN DIGRAM. I desire to have it
read as my speech. *
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, Tliat the hi]] and pending amendments be re-
ferred to a'-ei^ct committee of five, with action-, to
inqune into the expediency of commuting the money value
of the pt'U-noiis piovidod tor m the IniU in land, and report
accordingly.
Mr. BURNETT. I am satisfied that sufficient
time has been taken up in the discussion of this
bill, and there is no necessity, as it seems to me,
for further prolonging tins discussion, either by
the friends or opponents of this bill. With a view
of testing the sense of the Committee, 1 move to
strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, if
adopted, cutoff all tlie amendments which have
been made in committee r
Several It Will.
Mr. WASHBURNJC, of Illinois. Then it will
cut off from the benefits of tins bill all those who
were engaged in the" Black Hawk war. I shall
vote *i2;pin>t it.
Mr^BURNETT. I ask for tellers upon the
motion.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I rise to a
question of older. I submit that, by the order
of the House closing debate upon this bill, the j
committee must vote upon such amendments as j
may be offered to the bill, and thaf, therefore, the
motion of the genlleman from Kentucky, which
cuts off all amendments, is not in orcL-r.
Mr.- HOUSTON. I wish to ask the Chair!
whether, if the motion to strike out the enacting ■
clause prevails, it will not carry the bill to the |
House es it came here, without amendment? j
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mi. HOUSTON. I think the bill ought to be '
nmmided h--re in committee, and 1 hope the gen- j
tieinan will not insist upon his motion. j
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not know whether the |
gimt!fm:Mi from Alabama is a friend or an enemy j
of this bill. j
Mr. HOUSTON. T am a friend of the country, j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the ;
question of order made by the genUeman from
jVhirvlaod. The question is upon the motion ot
the g>"ii!leman fmra Kentucky, [Mr. Buiinett,]
to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. BURNET'!4. I witluhaw the motion, and
r.iovi' to amend by mahmgtimamonjit^lOU. A' r.
Chairman. I <vitam!v' have no d'^iic to occupy
1 in- tm;,v oi this eriumii't'e tn dt~< th° vari-
ous questions involved in tins bill, when I can
throw no light upon the bill itself; but I desire to
make an appeal to the friends of this bill, to gen-
tlemen who are acting in good faith with us.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
same rule will be applied to the gentleman from
Kentucky which ne insisted on applying to
others. The gentleman is not speaking to his
amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that.
I will confine myself to the point. I was remark-
ing that I wanted the gentlemen who are in favor
of this measure to take some action which will
bring this question to a vote. The various amend-
ments with which this bill has been clogged have
been, as I stated yesterday, put upon it by the
enemies of the bill; and, I am afraid, by gentle-
men who do not want to be brought to a direct
vote upon it.
Mr. COBB. I deny it, as far as my action is
concerned.
I Mr. NICHOLS. I object to this discussion as
| out of order. . - 
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-*
| tucky will proceed to discuss the merits of the
I amendment.
j Mr. BURNETT. I am doing so; and if gen-
' tlemen do not see the point, I am not in fault,
i Mr. HOUSTON. I want the gentleman to
j confine himself to his amendment.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
| the committee rise and report the bill, with the
| amendments, to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I give way to that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
. motion is not in order during the pendcncy of an
, amendment.
j Mr. MASON. I shall not inquire whether the
, gentleman from Alal/ama, [Mr. Houston,] who
wished the gentleman from Kentucky to proceed
in order, is in favor of this bill or against it. I
hope we shall find, when he comes to vote, by tell-
■ era or otherwise, that his private opinion will be
| exhibitedinitsfavor,forweneedfriends. Wemay
have men voting against it, who really are for it.
< Mr. COBB. Voiyhkely.
Mr. MASON. But one thing is certain; that if
conduct of that kind is justly chargeable to any
man the public will he apt tn find it out. The
feeling which we wish to lepresen there—the senti-
ment of the country m favor of those old soldiers—
is one thing, and the disposition to defeat that
feeling of the country is another thing. Gentle-
men claim a good deal of manhond m resisting
the public sentiment upon this subject; they seem
to own that the puhhe reuuire that this bill should
pass, but they seek to overrule a >d break it down
' by paili imentarv attacks in tin* form of amend-
ments, and do not want to exhh<n their hand by
a fair vote. Very well; parliamentary tactics are
all fair, it is understood; hut no one can conceal
■ his opposition to the bill by trying to attach
amendments to it calculated to clog it.
If I understand the position which was essumcd
"by the country in 133-2, and earned out in a bill
; passed that year, this is a just measure. From
' the debates of that day it appears that all the
; heads of all the political parties of that time ay-
i guedthe justness of the claim. Our distinguished
i Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Clay,) who was
1 at the head of <">ne party, argued m f.ivor of the
'justness of the claim; and General Jackson, who
, was at the head of the other party, signed the
: bill. Yet the gentleman from Alabama says that
1 this is a new fiystom. The gentleman is a law-
yer; and many distinguish* d lawyers of that day,
as is proved bvthe book 1 hold in my hand,con-
! side-red that it was a just claim and a debt. The
■gentleman from Alabama [Mi.Ccrry] shakes
ins head. I will read the evidence.
1 Mr. CURRY, Will the gentleman tell me
when the debt was due r
; Mr. MASON. Many distinguished lawyers
! thought that it was a debt, and 1 will lead a quo-
tation from a speech of Mr. Choate, of Massa-
chusetts, showing what his views were upon that
point. He says:
; Ck I ^ui! tWnk the pensions we now l>e«tou\ and v>bieh
tin- bill [>rupos«'N to Ucs>rtn\. an- to be jvyaided rai.'m oi the
1 lislit of compensation lor -ervirfs. tna:i at alirj-s to the uio>t
ineotounuv povcity. Pciiiap-Mhey pirlakeoi «inn\ed<4har-
Jt'tll. To 111.0 oi' thO^K to \\ llOlll Wvi IJlW llfUi, i\w\ no
utwn nseoh incliariiy; to othciand fJ i • the
■ inniliei. t'ney aie notiun'i le => than tl'e loh^-deiV'11 u end
i inadequate v-aije- ot fue'i >emee a< no wmey could ever
|( compensate. '
" Forty-nine m fifty, perhaps, in a refined and high equity,
arc your creditors to-day; and I submit that the law,w]aich
ought to adapt itself to the general state of the faets,'<mght
tbereiore to assume the form of a provision for the payment
ot a national debt, rather than that of a distribution of ^na-
tional alms. It humbles and rebukes one—the thought that
we should compel our creditor to prove riot only his right
to the money he asks for, but his need of it." - ' * ^ .
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, with
drew his amendment.
Mr. MAKSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to
strike out the enacting clause of a bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers upon the motion.
Mr. KILGORE. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his motion, that I may offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would do
so to accommodate the gentleman, but that I con-
sider this is the best way to dispose of the bill.
The bill will come before the House in its original
shape, and if there ia to be a substitute offered,
•we can act upon and dispose of it in the House.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jewett and
Biiffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 82, noes 76.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr John Cochrane reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill (No. So!)) granting pensions to the
officers and soldiers of the war with Great Britain
of 1812, and those engaged in Indian wars during
that period, and had directed him to report the
same back to the House with a recommendation
that the enacting words be stricken out.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that the House do
non-concur in the committee's recommendation;
and I offer a substitute for the original bill, on
which I call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The substitute is not now
in order.
Mr. SAVAGE. Then I move a non-concur-
rence in the recommendation of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and on
that call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What will
be the effect of a concurrence in the report of the
committee ;
The SPEAKER. A defeat of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 will ask
the Chair whether, if the previous question be
seconded, and the House refuse to concur in the
report of the Committee of the Whole on state of
the Union, the House will not bring itself to a
vote upon the original bill as it stands, and cut
oft' all amendments ?
The SPEAKER. The practice of the House
has been different. The practice has been, when
a vote was taken on agreeing to any recommend- •
ation of the committee, under the previous
question, that on that vote the previous question
exhausted itself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
refuse to second the call for the previous question,
what will be the condition of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The recommendation of the
committee would then be open to debate.
• Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
that the previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. SAVAGE. If the House non-concur in
the recommendation of the committee to strike
out the enacting clause, will it not then be in order
to submit a substitute for the original bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it might.
Mr. SAVAGE. I hope that the friends of the
bill will see that 1 intend to offer a substitute, and
vote accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers on seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQuee.v
and (JuArFEE were appointed.
The previous question was seconded, the tellers
having reported—ayes 90, noes 68.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the que&uon of non-concurring in the reportof
