1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
possesses, to make that protection adequate. That
lias been urged forcibly by the Senator from Illi-
nois himself in relation to citizens abroad. How
is he to refuse it to citizens at home ? Would he
erect the inhabitants of a Territory into a power
before which all the constitutional functions of
Congressgre.to stand powerless and paralyzed?
If not, his whole theory falls to the ground. He
appeals to popular prejudice, and appeals with-
out a fair reference to the history of the transac-
tion in regard to the attempt of the Parliament to
passflaws for the colonies, now the United States.
The claim ofthe colonies was, that laws were
passed in violation of their charters; and hence
they were termed unconstitutional ldws. They
had rights under the British constitution; they
had rights specifically determined by their char-
ters; they were violated; and they rose, then,
from the condition of colonies to the dignity of a
people, and asserted those rights; they asserted
th€im by revolution. That right of revolution I
acknowledge to exist in the inhabitants of a Ter-
ritory. If they choose to rise in rebellion against
the United States, and assert the power which
the Senator ascribes^to them, and maintain good
their assertion, then'l am ready, when it is main-
tained, to acknowledge their independence and
admit that we have no control over them; but,
until that is done, or until they acquire the pow-
ers of a sovereign State, they remain the inhabit-
ants of territory belonging to the United States;
they remain under the control of the Congress,
as the trustee of the States owning the property;
and we are bound to see that they do nothing to
the detriment of the Republic. They are not a
distant people, over whom there is an attempt to
legislate; they are the inhabitants of a Territory
—people of the States; they are not a people at
all; they are the possessors of the territory of the
United States, not yet organized into a people,
not yet having that sovereignty which belongs to
the organization which gives a right to denom-
inate any body of persons a peqple.
But the Senator's argument, if it were to he
carried out, goes merely to this: that it would be
legislation in relation to persons not represented
in Congress, for he attempts to mn a parallel be-
tween the Territories and the colonies, now the
United States. What, then, is the remedy ? Does
he propose to give the Territories two Senators
on this floor, and Representatives in the other
House? if not, the complaint is verbal, merely,
having no meaning in it. They are entitled to no
representation, urulerour Constitution, other than
that of a Deiegate m thejrlouse of Representatives,
there to make known their wants to the people
who have the right to legislate over them, who
stand as trustee of the owners of the property on
which they live, there merely to present a petition,
to represent their waijts, to make known to the
legislating power what is needful for the inhabit-
ants by whom he is delegated. That is the rela-
tion of a Territory—not a people with a right to
legislate at all.
As for the conclusion the Senator draws in rela-
tion to the vote, it may be very suggestive, and
very useful to those who are to be subjected to
such a test hereafter; but as, in the course of his
remarks, he puts that party to which I belong in
what I esteem*to be a false position, I must say to
him that, without assuming to know what would
have been the vote in Pennsylvania, or what would
have been the vote in Ohio, or what will be the
vote in Pennsylvania, or what will be the vote in
Ohio, upon a candidate who asserts the truth in
relation to the constitutional rights of the South,
I take issue with him entirely upon the ground
which he assumes when he says that the Presi-
dent, in his letter, gave promise of the doctrine
which he announces. The President, in his let-
ter, said " the people of a Territory, like those of
a State." Then the question arises, how can the
people of a State act upon this subject? The peo-
ple of a State act in convention when they form
a constitution. The inhabitants of aTeintory,
when they become a people, have a convention to
form a constitution, and fhen act like the people
of a State. The President could not mean moie
than that, because the platform to which the Sen-
ator refers had specifically referred to the time
when this power would be possessed, when, with
a certain population, they formed a constitution,
and asked to be admitted into the Union. The
letter of acceptance could not have-been intended
to- war with the resolutions of the convention by
which the President was nominated;and if not so
intended, it is to be construed in connection with
these resolutions. N
I have heard, time and again, gentlemen speak
in.derision ofthe platforms framed at these con-
ventions. For myself, I can say, what few of my
associates here probably can, that 1 have never
been at, or near to, or in correspondence with,
the national convention. I have stood utterly
aloof. More than that, Lhold, in common with
the once deliberately expressed opinion of the peo-
ple"bf Mississippi, that a member of Congress has
no business at a national convention. Whether
their platforms be soundly or delusively made,
I have only to judge from that which they put
forth to the country, and as one ofthe gieat Dem-
ocratic mass. If there be anything covert, any-
thing designed and not expressed, no man yet has
so far mistaken me as to make me a confidant of
what he was doing, and I hope none ever will,
i take it, therefore, that the resolutions meant
what they said. If they meant what they said,
and the President, in accepting the nomination,
accepted it as clearly he did, and his letter shows,
upon the platform which the convention had
made, it is not fair to argue that his letter meant
something the opposite of that which the reso-
lutions asserted. What may be the fate of the
Democratic party, if it suffers that division to
which the Senator refers, I cannot say. it has
achieved many a glorious victory in the cause of
its country.*. It car? claim from the future credit
for the acquisition of every acre of territory which
has been added to our original domain. It leaves
behind it the legacy to the future, of a glorious
past. If it is to be wrecked by petty controversies
in relation to African labor; if a few Africans,
brought into the United States, where they have
been advance^! in comfort and civilization and
knowledge, are to constitute the element which
will divide the Democratic party and peril the vast
hopes, not only of our own country, but of all
mankind, I trust it will be remembered that a few
of us, at least, have stood by the old landmarks
of those who framed the Constitution and gave us
our liberty, that we claim nothing more now from
the Government than the men who formed it were
willing to concede. When this shall become an
unpopular doctrine, when men are to lose the great
States of the North by announcing it, I wish it
to be understood that my vote can be got for fio
candidate who will not be so defeated. I agree
with my colleague that we are not, with our eyes
open, to bo cheated, and that we have no more
respect for that man who'seeks to evade the per-
formance of a Constitutional duty, than for one
who openly wars upon a constitutional right; and
if L have to choose between the two, I could for-
give mure to the blindness of the man who warred
upon a constitutional right, and who I hoped was
ignorant of its existence, than to the man who
admitted it and withheld from me every possibility
of its enjoyment.
I receive in sorrow the announcement that,
' upon a question like this, the Demociatic party
< must be divided. I regret it, not merely for the
: fate of that party, but for the fate of my country.
| I believe it is to-day the only party which gives
any promise of upholding the institutions we in-
i lierit. I believe it is to-day the only party, the
j component parts of which extend from the north-
I eastern comer of Maine to the southwestern cor-
; ncr of California; differing, it is true, oftentimes,
, upon measures, but clinging to some great prin-
! triples which are common to them, arid which
i form the chart by which th&y would guide the
; ship of State. But, whilst I feel all this regret
: from this misapprehension, the principles we in-
j herit, the principles we are bound to transmit to
posterity, are dearer to me than "Success; and
| never, be the danger ten-fold as great as that which
the Senator from Illinois has painted, never will
i I consent to abandon a constitutional right at the
! mere bidding of popular prejudice, and to sur-
i render that which it is my duty here to uphold
1 -for those whom I represent, in order that my own
! pany may still retain political "power.
Air. MASON. Mi. President 
! Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to make a word or
, two of reply to the Senator from Mississippi.
I Mr. MASON. The Senator shall certainly have
j ample time to reply, and I shall be a patient lis-
! tener in due time. Sir, I was one of those who
thought, when the Democratic party from the free
States, and the Democratic party from the south-
ern States, called the slave States^ united under
the auspices of the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, to pass that which has been called the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, that we had really, by mu-
tually laying down prejudices, or impressions, or
prepossessions, upon the common altar of the
country, established a system of legislation which
would quiet, once and for all, the distracting ques-
tion of slavery. I thought so sincerely and hon-
estly. I have been mistaken; I will not say de-
ceived.
Sir, the Senator from Illinois has correctly said
that it was the purpose of that bfll to relhit the
question of the introduction of slaves into the
Territory to the judiciary, and to abide by its
decision. It was a concession made with great
reluctance by the southern States. It was one
that we had thought over most maturely; and we
knew that when we made that concession to re-
mit the question to the judiciary, we took from
the southern States a portion of their political
rights, they having the right to determine that
question for themselves independent of any ju-
diciary. The same question was presented to
Congress in 1848, and a committee was raised
upon it, called usually the Clayton committee,
of which the honorable Senator from Delaware,
now no longer living, was the chairman, and the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, now no
longer living, was a member of that committee-
Mr. Calhoun. They sat in deliberation upon the
disposition of the territorial question for days and
nights; those of us who were not members of the
committee were consulted upon it; and, after
much deliberation, it was agreed on the part of
the southern men that they would trust the ju-
diciary on this constitutional question. Clearly
understanding,fullyapprerciatingthepolitical right
in the sovereign States to determine the question
for themselves, yet, as a measure of concession,
it was agreed that it should be'remitted to the ju-
diciary; and so that committee reported, with the
concurrence of that very distinguished leader, the
late Mr. Calhoun. The Senate adopted the mea-
sure, but it was lost in the other House.
Well, sir, when we came, in 1850, to settle this
question as a territorial question in the organiza-
tion of the Territories of Utah and New Mexico,
in the country acquired from Mexico, we made
the same concession, and it was provided in those
territorial laws that the question should be re-
mitted to the judiciary, the laws providing, ac-
cording to my recollection, that all subjects of
legislation should be left to the people of the Ter-
ritory without reservation; and this question of
slavery was left to them, subject to the Constitu-
tion. We voted for that.
Then came the organization of the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas, when the honorable
Senator from Illinois was at the head of the Ter-
ritorial Committee. That bill was framed with
very great care. It retained the principle of leav-
ing this question of slavery in the Territories to
the judiciary. It did more. With a view to give
effect to judicial action on that questiop, the laws
organizing the judiciary were changed. No ap-
peal had theretofore lain from the court of last re-
sort in the Territories to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and the law was remodeled to
give that appeal, both in a question of liberty af-
fecting a slave ift a Territory, and in a question of
slave property; all done by consent and agree-
ment, in order to leave«the question of slavery in
tl\e Territories to the Supreme Court; and we
agreed to abide our fortunes upon that.
Well, sir, the law was passed; it carried an
almost undivided southern vote; it carried almost
an undivided northern Democratic vote, and 1
thought we understood each other. I have been
mistaken. A question arose in the case of a slave
named Dred Scott. It was carried to the Supreme
Court, and the Supreme Court decided that Con-
gress possessed no power to prohibit the intro-
duction of slavery into the Territories; an out
and out decision, without, qualification or limita-
tion. The Supreme Court, declared that there was
no power in Congress, under the Constitution, to
prohibit the introduction of slavery into the Ter-
ritories; and, as a consequence necessarily fol-
lowing, a logical and legal consequence, fully ad-
mitted, as 1 understand, in the argument of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, as the legislative
