im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.'
The SPEAKER. The question will be put,
" Shall the enacting words of tho bill be stricken
out?"
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire
■what would be the effect of concurring in the re-
port of the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The rejection of the bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to questions or de-
bate. '
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask the Chair again whether,
if the enacting words of the bill are not stricken
out, it will then be in order for me to offer a sub-
stitute?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 75, nays 127; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs?. Abbott, Barksdale, Blair, Bliss, Bocoek,
Bonham, 13oyce, Branch, Caskie, Horace F. Clark, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Iowa, Dodd, Dowdell, Edmundson, Oarnoti. Oilman,
Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grocsbeclc, Grow, Harlan,
Hill, Horton, Houston, Howard, Huylcr, Jenkins, George
W. Jones, Keitt, Lamai, Leach, Loiter, Lctcher, Lovejoy,
Maclay, McUueen, Miles, Miller, Milton, Moore, Morgan
Freeman H.Morse, Oliver A. Morse. Mott, Nichols, Pen-
dleton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps,Phillips, Pjke,
Ileagan, Ihtchic, Sandidge, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Sm-
gleton? William Smith, 8talhvorth, Stephens, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Valiandigham, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Cadwaladcr 0. Wa-hbuin, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Whitelcy, Wmslnw, and Wsrtendyke—7n.
NAYS—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, Ar-
nold, Atkins, Avery, Hennctt, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie,
Biayton, Buflmton, Burlhigame, Burnett, Burns, Gaiuth-
ers, Case, Cavanaugh, Chailee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
John B. Claik, Olawt-on, Clay, Cobb, Clark B. Cochiane,
John Cochrane, Cockoiill, Colfax, Comtns, Oovodc, Cox,
James Craig, Cm lis Davidson, Davis of Indiana l);ivi>of
Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, JMmmiek,
Duifee, Elliott, Eusus, FarnswoHh, Ponton, Floiem-e,
X^olcy, Foster, Gartrell, Gilmer, Goodwin, Giegg, Law-
rence W. Hall, Robert B. IJall, Harris, U,v*km, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hickman, Hopkins, Hughes, Jackson, Jewetl,
Owen Jones, Kcmi, Kellogg, Kelsev, Kilgoie, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Lawrence, Lcidy, Humphrev IM.irs.hall,
Samuel S. Marshall,Mason, Mavnaid, IMoinll, Edwaid
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Moms, Mtmay, Niblack, Palmer,
Faiker, Pettit, Pejton, Pottle,' Powell, Puivianco, Ready,
Reilly, Kicand, Hohbms, RobeiN, Uoyee, Russell, Savage,
Scott, Sowaid, Jolin Sheunan, Jttdson \V. Sherman,
Shorter,Robot t Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewail, Talbot,
Tappan,Thayer,Tompkins, Underwood, Vance, Waldion,
Walton, Waid, Israel Washburn, Watkms, White, Wood-
son, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhtof-
fer—127.
So the House refused to strike out the enucting
words of the bill.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. POTTER stated that he had paited off
with Mr. Montgomery on this bill, or he should
have voted m the affirmative.
Mr. SCALES slated that his colleague, Mr.
Ruffim, was detained from the House by severe
indisposition.
Mr. SAVAGE. I offer the substitute for the
bill which 1 send to the Clerk's de&k, and on it I
demand the previous question.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee give way for a moment, that I may oflei
my substitute us an amendment for las substi-
tute ?
Mr. SAVA3E. No, sir ; I cannot do it. I
wiJl stare that the substitute which I offer is the
result of the labors and consultations of the friends
of tiic bill who met at the Capitol last evening.
Believing it to be the best bill that we could get,
we agreed to stand by it, without admitting other
amendments. I insist on the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. EENTON". Then I hope the previous
question will be voted down.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an 1
inquiry of the Chair ? |
Mr. HUGHES. I object to debate. i
Mr. JOjYES, of Tennessee. I only wish to !
make an inquiry of the Chair. If the previous !
question is voted down, will not the gentleman i
from New York [Mr. Fento^] have an opportu- |
nity to offer his substitute ? \
The SPEAKER. The bill will be open to ^
amendment, if the previous question be not sus- i
tamed. j
Mr, GROW. Then let us vote down the pre- j
vious question. ;i
Mr, SAVAGE. I ask for the reading of my ij
substitute. 11
Mr. MASON. It is the compromise substitute
that was agreed upon last night.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert:
That each of the surviving officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, who shall have served in
the regular Army, State troops, volunteeis, or militia, for a
t6rm of sixty days or more, or who have been engaged in
actual battle with the enemy, in the war declared by the
United States against Great Biitain, on the 18th day of
June, 1812, be authorized to receive a pension from the
united States, to commence from the first day ofthe present
Congress, and continue during his natural life.
Sec. 2. %dnd be it further enacted> That each of the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
who have served in the legular Army, State troops, volun-
teers, or militia, of any State or Territory, for the space of
sixty days or more, agamst any ofthe Indian tribes dunng or
piecodingthe war of 1812 wuh Great Britain, or who were
engaged in any battle tought by tho (Jnited States against
any Indian tribe during the aforesaid war with Great Brit-
ain, shall bo entitled to all the benefits of thi3 act.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any of the offi-
rcets, non-commissioned officers, musicians, or puvates,
have died, or shall hereafter die, leaving a widow, such
•widow shall be entitled to receivo the same pension to
which her husband would have been entitled under this act,
for and duung her natuial life.
Sec. 4. *4nd be it further enacted, That the pay allowed
by this act shall, under the diiection ofthe .Secretaiyofthe
Interior, be paid to such officer, non-commissioned officer,
musician, private, or his widow, or their authorized attor-
ney, at such times and places as the Secietaiy of the Inte-
rior may direct; and that no officer. non-commissioned
officer, mUMCian, ptivate, or his widow, shall leceive the
samp until lie umiish the fc«ud Secretaiy ol the Infenoi with
^atulactoi y evidence that he is entitled to the same, in ac-
coi dance with the piovi^tons of this act; and that the pay
hereby allowed shall not be, in any way, tiansterable, or
liable to attachments, levy, or seizuie, by any legal pioeess
whatever, but shall so unencumbered to the po^-es^ion of
the officer, non-commissioned officer, musician, pnvate, or
his widow.
Sfc-o. 5.
eomm  ;      
of sixtv da} s in the naval set vice, or we'e engaged in battle
with the cucmv, diiiui" the war with Groat Button nfoio-
said, and_ their wuimw, shall be entitled to the benchts of
this act, in the same manner as is provided for the otllceis
ami soldteis ofthe .\ttnv ofthe wai of 181*2.
Hco.6. Jlnd be if further oi'rctcd, That the pension pto-
vuled by tins aet shall in noeavo exceed the full amount of
ninety-six dollars per \ear, and Miall be gsaduated aeeoid-
mg to the lenyth oi .^omce, a-s follow,'-: For twelve r:onth-s'
set vice, or moie, rnnety-.H\ doliats: fm mv months' seiviee,
but less than twelve monilN, seventy-Jive dollar^ ; tor sixty
days' service, but than six months, fifty dollars : Pro-
iidcd, That the survivor, or surviving widow of an officer,
lion commissioned officer, musician, or private, faiio par-
ticipated in actual battle, in said war, shall be entitled to
the maximum pension given by this act.
o. 5. And he it further enactpd.^ That theotn^ei=;,non-
nii.sionct! officers, and maiines, who seivcdfoi the tune
Is a motion to recommit in
Notpendingthedemand for
Mr. SEWARD.
order?
The SPEAKER.
the previous question
Mr. CLAY". What will be the effect of second-
ing the demand for tho previous question? If it ,
is to cut off all debate and amendments, I hope-it i
wilt not be sustained; for I wish to express some ]
views which I myself entertain in reference to this !
bill, and also to offer an amendment. j
The SPEAKER. The previous question will j
preclude all debate and amendment. j
Mr. BRANCH, I nse'to a question of order, i
Tho point which I submit is this: that this bill, !
making an appropriation of money, 01 touching j
an appropriation of money, must have ltsfirst con- ;
sidcration in a Committee of the Whole House.
The 131st rule says:
"No motion 01 piopo-itioil foi a t.ix 01 cliarsi- upon the
people yjiall he diseased the driy on which if is made or
ofiei«<(1 • and every such proposition shall receive its Ihst
di-.euss5on m a Comiinitee of the Whole House.;J
But the 132d rule, on which I most rely, is as
follows:
"No Plan or quantum of tax or dutv, voted by a Com-
mittee ot tho AVhole, IIou>e. shall be meica--ed m the Jlou^e
until the .notion oi jnop.^uion for sueii mciea^e -shall be
first diseu^^ed and voted m a Committre of tlio Wliole
Ilou^e; and so in rcs-pect to the tune of its continuance.''
Tiie point I make, is, that the. Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union in stnkins out
the enacting clause and thus rejecting the bill, re-
ported in favor of no appropriation; while the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee proposes an appropriation of a very large '
amount, certainly laiger than was recommended |
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union. Under that mle, 1 make the point of !
order that the amendment proposed by the gen- !
tleman from Tennessee roust be first considered i
in_the Committee of the "Whole House. !
^ivlr. C0V0DE. I think the gentleman from i
North Carolina iss mistaken in the amountwhich •
this substitute appropriates. My own opinion is,
that the amount is reduced from that contained in
the bill which was under consideration in com"
mittee.
Mr* BRANCH. The committee reported
against any appropriation.
Mr. COVODE.. But the House has reversed
that decision. This bill only gives a pension to
all who have served over two months.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The ques-
tion raised by the gentleman from North Carolina
was decided in the- case of the New York fire
bill. This bill makes no appropriation; it merely
changes the law.
Mr. BRANCH. If the bill does not make an
appropriation, it is unquestionably a proposition
"touching"anappropriation,and therefore cornea
under the rule.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The ques-
tion was very distinctly decided m the case to
which I have referred. This bill does not make
an appropriation. It only provides for a pension;
but no pension will bo paid at the Department
until an appropriation has been made by Con-
gress. There is no sum appropriated, and there
would be no money paid under this bill without
the further action of Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to call the at-
tention of the Speaker to the 133d rule.vfhieli
says:
'■ All proceedings tonclnn!! appropriations of money sliatl
be fii>t di^cusrfcii in a Committee oi'thc Whole House."
This is certainly a proceeding touching an ap-
propriation, and is brought within the terms of
that rule.
Mr. STANTON. I think the gentleman from
j North Carolina is right. If the point is overruled,
it deprives us of all discussion of amendments to
our appropriation bills in committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gen tleman from North
CaroliiL.. Sj far as the first question raised by
him is concerned, the bill was lefened to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and received its consideration there. The com-
mittee reported it back, with a reeommendation
in which the House did not concur; but that does
not affect the fact that the committee considered
the bill. The Chair is of opinion that the other
rule to which the gentleman has reference, applies
exclusively to revenue bills.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. How in ref-
erence to tlfe 133d rule 5  
The SPEAKER. The luling of the Chair
would be the same as under the 331st, that the bill
lies been already considered in committee. The
Chair does not remember a single instance whore
j amendments have been offered to appropriation
bills niter they have come from committee, and
thev have been decided to be out of order. The
Chair does know that such has been the practice,
and that amendments have been received in the
House to appropriation bills after they have been
reported from committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is where
the committee has reported something; but hero,
the committee struck out the enacting clause, and
reported nothing. It occurs to me that the ac-
tion of the committee has brought it outside of
the operation of that rule. If the committee had
reported anything, the Chair would be right.
The SPEAKER. Does not th e gentleman from
Georgia perceive that it would be impossible for
the Chair to propound a question at nil, unless
the bill had accompanied the report? The report
of (lie committee wjs a leeommendation to the
House to stuke out the enacting words—ofwhat?
Of this very bill which was reported to tho House.
?vjTr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. Ttwas to strike
out everything whicS appropriated a single dol-
lar.
The SPEAKER. It was to strike out the en-
acting words of the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Every word
covering a dollar was stricken out of the bill, and
the object is now to increase that,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The committee
reported to strike out the cnacting clause, but
under the rules of the House that is a rejection
of the bill, and the House has seen proper not to
concur in the report of the committee.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to know if debate is in
order ?,
The SPEAKER. It is not.
