1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
Mr. CLA.Y. Thon I desire that we shall pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. I-'EMTON. AVill it be in order to have a
substitute icad f-tr information before the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee is acted
upon r
Tlie SPEAKER. By unanimous consent it
will.
Objection was made.
Tellers having been previously ordered, on sec-
onding the previous question, Messrs. McQueen
and BurFiNTON were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 103.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PENTON «o fro red. the following substitute
byway of amendment, for the substitute of the
gentleman from Tennessee: strike out all after the |
word " that," ai'u substitute the following:
The pennon- v.'Jnch have boon granted, or VvMuch may
herea^lrr be L.ai.ti d. to 'tiTU'r-i^-.  on-commissioned officer*,
rn'^icicuts. piivdh"?,' artmceri-, lauaers. sea-fcnicibio-', vol-
initeer-s. e\-[ ie -r:<ii i=, suanvn. marines, pilots, ei^ineer*,
fnt'i!i«";n', aii'l coal hoavor*. and o'mjr ptr^nn- hi thft larnl
or naval ?f.-n i •« of tlie I'mfc-d States, dw.iiif"5 ! v wounds
or otfer icccivod while in the j.ne of their duty,
FhaU be con-idcr--'! to commence tioia the utrie of their
bt*iiis> <-o di^ablfd : and the amount ot pension to w hich t<aid
(ilPiC'T-, non-eoninii^'oj.'''}, officers mn-'ieians, pin ate«.
auifieei<. ian<reis, hea-iennfj'es, volunteers. e.xj'ie?^ ndert,
seamen or nhuines pdots engmeeis, fueinen, and ooai-
Jieavcr^. and otin*r ptrcoju, may be entitled. -Jiali be regu-
lated areoiaiiiji to exiting law?. in ielation to fiio pay of in-
valid pen-.oneis: Proi ided. That the amount of pension
which ,u;y pfiv-on-s abovonarned have jeceivrd 5h.il! fis>t
l e deducted horn the pension to which he n entitled under
this act.
Srx. 2. Jlnd he \i further cnncfe>L That in ca?e of tlie
death of any officii, uon-commi--ionod officer, muMOiuu,
private, aii)i<eei, voumteer. e\pre.-s-iidei. sea-lencible,
pilot, seaman, maii'ie, enginee.. fireman,or eo.il-hpaver, or
other person mention ed in the first -section of thin act. before
or a ft or the pa«a:rc thereof, the aa.onnt which may he due
to such p."i:-on under the provi.-ion- ol i:u«- act shall be paid
to his widow ; and m ca?e of her death, to her smvivsn®
child or ehildien : and if none, then to the mxt of km ofthe
persons provided for by the fast section of this act.
Mr. FENTON". I move the previous question ;
on inv substitute.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I call for
tellers.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to move
to amend the original bill before the question is
put upon (lie substitute. .
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, pend- ;
in"- tlie demand for the previous question. !
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I desire to |
ask the gentleman from New Yoilc to withdraw ]
the demand for the previous question, and allow j
me to offer an amendment which will not come in i
conflict with the proposition he has presented. \
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, i move that j
the House do now adjourn. j
The motion was not agreed to. !
Mr. SHERMA X, of Ohio. I ask the gentle- |
man from NewYork to withdraw tlie demand for
the previous question, _ to enable me to offer an ;
amendment to the original bill. •
Mr. FENTON declined to withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to make an inquiry [
on a point of order. \
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to debate. |
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to make an inquiry on j
a point of order. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had this bill under con-
sideration, made sundry amendments, and finally
reported the bill to the House with a recommend-
ation that the enacting words be stricken out. .
The House has refused to concur in that recom- ,
niopdaiion. Do the amendments agieed to in the <,
committee now come lv fore the House :
The SPEAKER. They do not. _ They fell m ;
committee, on i'gre'miy to the motion to strike
out the enactine clause. 'When a report is made
to the House to strike out the enacting words, it
does not carry with it th£ amendments adopted in ;
committee. . !
Mr. LOVEKlY. Tf we sustain the previous
, ;t"s!ton, ,t cuts oif ai! further amendments.
* T'iie SPEAKER. It does.
"Air. SHEtUlAN, of Ohio. If the previous
ri'est:on is not seconded, will it then be in
toi me fo move nr. amendment to the on^inul bin.
The WEAK KB. It wjll. , ,
f.lr. SUEIIMAX. of Ohio. 1 nope,then, tnat
the previous (juesiion w:il ii°t be seconded.
'iYSirrs uvic unit lvihaml Mebv3i>. Unpeuwood
niui Am.ry were appointed.
The previous question wasseconded;the tellers
having reported—ayes 91, noes 83.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
to be on agieeing to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Fentox,] which
was in the nature of a substitute.^
Mr. KELSEY. I would sugggst to my col-
league to move his amendment as an addition in-
stead of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. SAVAGE. If the amendment of the gen-
: tleman from New York be voted down, will not
; the vote be next on my substitute?
j The SPEAKER, it will.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
! House adjourn. I want to sec these amendments
' in print. They are long; and, although they have
; been read, it is necessary, to a full understanding
of their provisions, that we should see them in
print. I demand the yeas and nays on the motion
to adjourn.
Several Members. Do not call for the yeas and
; nays.
; Mr. SMITH, of Virgini:
I withdraw the cull
for the yeas and nays
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays on Mr. Fento^'s substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 98, .ays 100; as follows:
YEAS Messrs Abbott. Andrews, BaiUedale, Billing-
hurst, Blair, llhs«, Bocock. Bonham, Bojce, Branch, j
Bryan, Case. Gaskie. Uavanaucrh, Chaffee, Chapman. Ezia j
Ciaik, Horace P. Chuk, John Cochianc, Conmie, Buiton 1
Oaige. Ciawfoid, Outi v, Oa*vi • of Maiyland. Davi-s uf Mis-
sissippi. Davis of] ow;., L'cnn !>odd. Do\vd< U. Edmrnid^on,
Fan).worth, renton, Gara- .i. Oilman, Goode. Grangei,
Giet-nwood, Gioe^be^k, (^or. Ilohoit li. TIsH, Ilarlnn,
IiA'di. Hill, Hoard, Hmion. Houston, Howard, Jenkins,
George V.7 Jone>, Keitt. Kel-ey. Kn.ipp. Lamai, I,etcher,
Jjiiuc n. he itci. Ijovfjovj .^loCiueon. I\Jile^, Mi llcr, IMiilson,
Moote'. Moisan, Moinll. Freeman II Mohp, Mott. Munav,
Nichols, Talmei, John S. PJielps. William W. Phelps,Phil-
lips, Pike, licagan, Uuchic, Koyce, tfandidgi., Scales, Seott,
Be\vard,HeniyM.'Sliaw, Smglcton, William Smith. Spin-
ner. Stanton, Steplien^/Janies A. Stewart, Miles Taylor,
Vallandiehatn, Wade. IValbndsc, Waldion, Cadwalader
C. Wa>hbnrn, Elhhu I>. Wc^himinc. I:-iael Washburn,
Whiteley, U'mslow, a id Wnrtendyke—S3.
XAYS—Adrun, Ah!, Andurson, Arnold, Atkins,
Aveur, Bennett, Jhn^batn, Hi-=l:op, Bov.'ie, Btayton.Buftin-
)on. Bus lnnj.ime, Bmm tt. lining, Canith^r^. John P> Clatk,
Claw-on. Clav, Cobb, Ciaik 15. Cochrane, Coekenll. Col-
lax, Corning. Vovoue, Cox. Cuins, Davidson, Davis of In-
diana, Davis O- ?.Ia-<acliusett>. D<nvi'>. I)ijwai t, Dick, Dim-
niKlr.' Diii-iV". Eu'ti-. Ploiencp, Folt-v. Foster. GaiMell.
Gi.lding^, Gilmer, Goodwin. Gregg. L.iwieneo W. Hall, .i
Ham-; Ila^kin. Ilackin.", Honk in-. 11 iighes, Hurler. Jack- j j
son, Jew ctt, Owen Jone?, Ilcim, Kolloircr. Eilgoi John C. 11
Kunk"l, Lawrcnrp. Lridv. Huii(phreyMar>l)a!l, Samuel
Mai-hall. Ma^on. ?uav!i^ul. Pdward Joy Morris. I>aac N. j
Moms,Iv.iu!ack.'rctn"t. Pf\ton, Pottle.Powell,Puiviam-e, j
Ileadv, Redlv, Picand, Pohbui=. RoberN. ltu^cli, Savage, |
Jhiin Sheiinan. Jnd-o.i \V. Sherman. Koln'it Smith. Sam- :
nel A. Smith. Stevenson, Wilham Stewait, Talbot,Toppan, '
Thayer, Tompkins. Tuppo, Underwood. Vance, Walton, '
Ward. Walking White, Woodson, John V. Wright, and '
Zoliicoffei—100. |
So the substitute of Mr. Fenton was rejected, j
Durins; the call of t';e roll, |
Mr. REILLY stated that in the hope of getting
n. better bill than tin?, he voted " No." j
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, desired to say a word i
in explanation of his vote. j
Mr. KELSEY objected. I
Mr. ELLIOTT stated that lie v,-as absent from i
the Hall on account of indisposition when his ;
name was called. Tf he had been present he should
have voted " -N'>."
The question r:curred on agreeing to the sub- ;
stitute oiiered bv Mr. e* ■ ' i-:. ;
Mr. CURTIS ileniai-'ied the yeas and nays. j
The yeas and nays wrre ordeied. i
Mr. SEWARD.' I trove to reconsider (he vote
by which the substitute of the gentleman from
Kew Yo>-k was rejected.
Mr. MORGAN. Vpon that I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to lay tne motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. NICHOLS. On that I demand the yeas
, and nays.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion of tlie gentleman from Georgia, as the
! mmtlenvm did not'vote with tiie majority.
; Mr. DAVIS, of ?dississippi. moved that the
i 1-Joase do now adjourn.
The motion wasdisagreed to—ayes 95, noes 9T.
| Mr. SEWARD. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered on the
substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that motion, unless the House should previously
reconsider the vote by which the substitute was
disagreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. My motion is to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered
on the substitute of the gentleman from .Ten-
nessee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia will remember, that when the previous ques-
tion was demanded by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [ME Savage,] the House refused to second
it; and it was not until after the gentleman from
NewYorlc [Mi-.Fenton] had oifered his substitute,
that the previous question was seconded. The
previous question, therefore, operated upon the
substitute of the gentleman from New York, as
well as upon the substitute of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. SEWARD. What, then, prevents me
from making the motion ?
The SPEAKER. The reason that there was
an intervening pioposition. The House cannot
restore itself by a reconsideration of the previous
question to the position it was in, without going
back regularly and reconsidering the vote on the
substitute of the gentleman from New York, so
as to leave the question exactly where it stood
when the main question was ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move, then, to reconsider
the vote by which the mam question was ordered
upon the substitute of the gentleman from New
York.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair decided correctly
that I was not in order, in moving to reconsider
the vote by which the substitute of the gentleman
from New York was rejected; but I make a dis-
tinct motion now, and it is a privileged motion, to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was oidered upon that substitute; and I think
that is clearly in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I move, then,to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 70, noes
106
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 91, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott, Andrews, Barksdale, Billmg-
llnr^t, Illiur, BUS*, Boeock, Bonii.uu, Boyce, Branch, Bryan,
Caskie. Chapmill, Horace P. Clark, Coming, Burton Craige,
Crawfoid, Curry, j)avi3 of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Dminnck, Doiid, Dowdeil, Bdmundson, Fenton. Oilman,
Gunde, Gtantrcr, Greemvood, Groesbeck, Grow, Robert li.
Hall, Harlan. Hatch, Hill. Undid. Horton, Ilon-lon, How-
ard, Jackson, Jenkins, Georfrc W. Jonc=, Kent, Kellogg,
KeNcv, Knapp, Lamar. Leacli, Leitci, Jjctchei, Lovrjoy,
Slaclav, McQueen, Miller, Million, Mome, Morgan, Fiee-
man H. Moi&c. Mott. Mimay, Nicliois, Pendleton, Phillips,
1'ike. Pouoi, lleasraii, Hitcliie, Royee, Sandidge, Scales,
E?cwaid, Henry M.~Sba\v. John Sherman, Judson W. SllGl-
nian. Smflclon, Wiliiain Smith. Slallvvorth, Stephens.
Tapiiaii, 'Miles Taylor, Tliayer, Yallandigliam, Wade,
Walbiidee. Waldron. Caitivalader C. Washburn, Elliliu B.
Wa-hbum'e, Jsiad Washburn, Whiteley, Winslow, and
YVortemhke—91.
NAVP—Messr?. Adrian, Alii. Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avciv, Bennett, nmcli.nn. Uisliop, Bowie, Braj'ton, Buffin-
toiuHiiihn^amo, Bnnu'li. Gums, Carutiiers, Case, Chaffee,
Ezra Ciaik. John B. Ciaik, Clawson, Clay, Cobb, ClarkB.
Cochl'tnc. Joint Coelirane. Cockeril!, Colfax, Gomms, U-
vode. James Craig, Cmtn, Davnlpon, Davis of Massachu-
setts-. Dawes, Dean, Detvart, Dick, Durlee, Elliott,
Faioitli. Floienee, Folev, Foster. Gartrell, Giaunigs,
Gilmei, Goodivm. Grens, Lawrence W. Hall, Hams, Has-
km. Ilawkini, Hopkins, Ilughcs, Hurler, Jewett, Kenn,
John C. Kuiikel, Lawrence, Leidy, Hiirophrev Marshall,
Pamucl S. JIarshall. Mason, Maynard, Jroirill. Edward Joj
Morris Isaac N. Moiris. Niblack, Pahner, ?arkr>r, Pcttu,
Povton, William VV. Phelps, Pottle, Powell, Puiviance,
Ready, Reillv, Ricaud, Robbins, Koberts, Russell, Ravage,
Shoi ter, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, topmner, Stanton,
Stevenson. James A. Stewart, Wilham Stewart,
Tompkins, Trippe, CTnde.wooil, \ ance. Walton, Ward,
VYatkins. White, Woodson, John V. V\ right, and Zuili-
collcr—L04.
! So the House refused to adjourn.
I Pending the call of the roll,
I Mr. KEITT said: If the House adjourn now,
I will not this bill come up in the morning >
