THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. :
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1859.
New" Series.*>..No, 79,
power of the Territory was derivative, and purely
derivative, there being nothing primary in it, it
followed sns a consequence, both logically and le-
gally, that the people of the Territory possessed
no such power. Thut is the law of the land at
this day as pronounced by the highest judicial
tribunal, that there is no power, either in Con-
gress or in the people of a Territory, during their
territorial condition, to prohibit the introduction
of slavery.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia allow me to ask him a ques-
tion on that point?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is the same point to
which I desired to call the attention of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois. Where, by the law
of the State from which we have acquired a Ter-
rity, slavery has already been abolished, does
the Constitution of the United Stales, of its own
force, reestablish slavery in such a Territory
when we have acquired it?
Mr. MASON. That question is entirely foreign
to the line of argument that I was pursuing; but
I have no difficulty in answering it, and will do
so at the proper time, if the Senator will indulge
me. I say the law of the land, as now established
by the Supreme Court, under a power conceded
to it by Congress, in the Kansas-Nebraska act,
is, that there is no power in the people of a Ter-
ritory to prohibit slavery; and I thought that the
question was ended; but it seems not.
The honorable Senator from Illinois interprets
that Kansas act to mean—what? Giving, as he
says, full force and effect to the decision of the
Supreme Court, yet that, as it regards the Terri-
tories, practically, it is a mere abstraction, of no
vigor, of no force, of no potentiality whatever, to
give effect to what we have always claimed to be
a constitutional right—to take slaves into aTerri-
toiy and to enjoy the property there. The hon-
orable Senator says the people of a Territory have
a power, derived from Congress, to refuse to pass
what he calls a slave code. What is a slave code ?
These catch words are very dangerous things. A
slave code ! Does the honorable Senator mean
that the people of a Territory may, or may not,
at their pleasure, pass laws to secure the enjoy-
ment of the property which the Constitution says
we may take there; that they have that power,
and derived it from Congress, either by acts of
omission or commission? If he dues, if that be
his interpretation of the law, then 1 would say to
the honorable Senator, as one of those who uni-
ted fully with him in passing that act, and claim-
ing to know the undivided opinion of the south-
ern States, who reluctantly acquiesced in what we
had done, as their representatives, I would say to
him, you promised us bread,and you have given
us a stone; you promised us a fish, and you have \
given us a serpent; we thought you had given us j
a substantial right, and you have given us the \
most evanescent shadow and delusion. Sir, the
meaning of it is—according to the interpretation
which that Senator puts upon the Kansas-Ne-
braska act—that, no matter what the Supreme
Court has decided, our lights at last aie depend-
ent upon the will of the people of the Terntoiy;
and if the people of the Tenitory choose to re-
spect our property, we can enjoy it; but if they
choose, by a system of offensive laws, or by in-
action to deprive us of that enjoyment, the peo-
ple of the Tenitory have the right to do it; and
the honorable Senator says he is not one of those
who will ever interfere with that territot ial power.
Now, I cannot understand how the honorable
Senator can bring himself to that conclusion as a
proper, logical sequence, from his own admis-
sion. He has said in the broadest manner, that
the people of the Territory—moio justly called in
the proper discrimination of the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi, who has just taken his seat,
the inhabitants of a Territory; because, by a
people, in political nomenclature, we generally
understand those who possess political power—he
has said that the inhabitants of a Territory have
this power given them by the Kansas-Nebraska
79
act. Whatpower? A power to contravene and to
nullify and destroy not only the Constitution of
the United States, but that Constitution as inter-
preted by the Supreme Court. That is his position
clearly. He says the people of a Territory derive
it from Congress under the ICansas-Nebraska act,
which left them all power. • If that interpretation
were true, what would it amount to? He agrees,
as I undeistand him, that the decision of the Su-
preme Court is the law of the Constitution, and
he agrees, as I understand him, that Congress it-
J self does not possess that power. Then, it fol-
j lows as a consequence, according to his reasoning,
I that Congress, although it does not possess the
[ power, can vest it in a different body—the inhab-
! it ants ofa Territory; or that if Congiess possesses
! and has delegated it, it cannot take it back, and
| ought not to take it back.
Mr, President, what are the true relations be-
tween the inhabitants of a Territory and the peo-
ple of the United States ? Are they fixed bylaw?
Nobody will pretend that. They are fixed by the
fundamental law, the Constitution. The people
of a Territory arc unknown to the Constitution
j in any political sense whatever—utterly unknown.
1 The public property is recognized by the Consti-
j tution, the land; and it is competent to Congiess,
, in administering the public property, to allow that
i land to be inhabited by inhabitants; but it is not
' competent to Congress, acting under the Constt-
! tution, to give to the people of a Territory poht-
j ical power in any sense whatever. It is true they
! can delegate to the people the power they possess
| themselves to pass laws for the proper admmis-
i tration of a temporary government. Congress may
i do that itself, or may delegate it to the people of a
I Territory. But does the honorable Senator con-
! found a delegation with a grant? Can Congress
j grant any power whatever to the people of a Ter-
ritory, using the term <£ grant" in its proper legal
and technical sense ? It can delegate, but u cannot
grant. Congress, in other words, cannot divest
itself of that control overthe public property,and
everythingpei taining to the public property,which
is yested m Congress by the Constitution. Itcan
delegate for convenience, and purely for conve-
nience, the administration of that property, and
of the affairs which may arise among the inhab-
itants of that property, from time to time; but it
can grant nothing.
But the honotable Senator seems to consider
that there is something in the Kansas-Nebraska
act, or in the Democratic platform, I know not
which, or in both, by which Congress has irre-
vocably passed to the people of the Territory the
power which he says they hold under this grant
of Congress—power which, shape it as he may,
amounts to nothing more, and can he made "to
amount to nothing less, than an investiture of that |
people with a political power granted by Con- j
gress, and not revocable. That is what, I suppose, •
some persons designate as squatter-sovereignty, j
Mr. Piesident, we have been the doctrines said j
to have been entertained by that honotable Sen- i
ator, through the public journals of the day, for j
jj the last six or eight months, not in an authorita- j|
i tive form. They come before us now in an au- h
\\ thonfative form from the honorable Senator, i j'
'j understood him to say, that Mr. Buchanan, the |j
;■ President, presenting it as a test of the popular 1;
; judgment in the ftr.e States, could have rocciv«-d jj
ji no votes m Pennsylvania, or Ohio, or elsewhere,
jj under the construction which the South places jj
upon this act. I know nothing about that; U is |j
impossible that I can know, ;\nd I should think |j
:! it Wfts almost equally impossible that the honor- (!
able Senator could know, what led the Democratic j j
■j party in the ftee States to vote for the present oc-
|| cupant of the Presidential chair; but, 1 will say, j!
- to the honorable Senator, that I claim to know jj
■ this; and I do not fear one dissentient voice south j|
j of the old Potomac river, and extending to the j|
j borders of Mexico: that, if the Kansas-Nebraska jI
! act is to be interpreted as he interprets it; if it be, ||
, in truth, to remit the southern people for their jj
■ rights in the Territories from the Constitution, H
i from the Supreme Court, to the pleasure of the (J
temporary occupants of a Territory for the time
being; if that be the interpretation of the "fre<5
States upon the Kansas-Nebraska act, and that
is to be the rallying point in any further elec-
tion of any candidate for any^avty, the southern
States would be truant and recreant to themselves
and to their safety and to their honor, if they
should cast for him a single vote; I do not mean*
the vote of a State, but even an individual vote.
If that is to be the doctrine in any platform of
any party, by which, let me repeat it, according
to the construction placed on that act by the
honorable Senator, rights which the South have
been contending for on this question for thirty
years, nearly two generations, are to be taken
from the Constitution, from the Supreme Court,
and remitted to the popular will of the temporary
inhabitants of a Territory, no party on that doc-
trine can ever receivc one vote south of the Po-
tomac river; and if it is to be the dissolution of
the party, let it be dissolved, and the sooner the
better. If it can only be reconstructed on that
platform, to use a modern phrase, you will not
find a single builder or plank in the southern
States; not one; and they would be truants and
lecreants if it were otherwise. Sir, I have better
hopes. I do not believe, I cannot be made to be-
lieve, that a doctiine so irreconcilable with law.
and reason and sense, can prevail with any party.
It may be made to prevail a little at the husting
where there is a tumultuous public assemblage,
that has assembled for the purpose of applause,
and gentlemen may be deceived, possibly, by
taking that as the interpretation of the sound
sense of the Democratic party. That may have
arisen; hut when the question is put to those
men whom I have known amongst my few ac-
quaintances in the northern States, men who are
loyal and true to the Constitution,and who will
follow its lights, he (hey carried where they may;
when it is put to these men, and their followers;
i have no fear that there will be any such plank
in the platform. But if there is, there is a disso-
lution at once and forever of any party alliances
and party action.
I did not mean to make a speech; I only wanted
to express my opinions of this modern interpre-
tation of that act, and the consequences to which
1 know it must lead.
Mr. PCJGH. Mr. President, I am loth to go
into this discussion, and i think it was all unne-
cessary; but when I entered the Chamber this
morning, the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] was engaged in some very impassionate
demand on certain Senators from the northern
States; and when I desned to know the nature of
this demand, not having been ptesent in the eaily
part of his speech, I was rcferied to other Sen-
ators who heard it; but I understood the Senator
to demand from the representatives of the north-
el n States on this floor, whcth<-rthey would a^ree
to the passage of an act of Congress to protect
slaves in the Territories taken there by the con-
sent of their masters against the local legislation?
I answer the Senator unhesitatingly, never; while
1 live, never. I consider it a monstrous demand,
a violation of the plighted faith between the De-
mocracy of the South and the Democracy of the
North, again and again and again, in their legis-
lation and m their platform; and if that be the
price, as Senators say it is, the price will not be
paid—certainly not, so far as I am concerned.
Now, sir, I perfectly ag;ree with the Senatortrom
Virginia in his construction of the XCansas-Ne-
braska act. It was intended that, so far as the
right of a slaveholder in the Territories was con-
cerned, he should seek his remedy through the
judicial department; and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, who made this demand this morning, -
proclaimed that himself, In the year 1856, on tiie
2d day of July, and I have las words before me.
Here is his language:
<• t learn new, for the first time, that the people ofa Ter-
ritory have ihh the competence to regulate <heu own do-
iwosiJC and police unities in then own way, but that it
belong* to Const; that it only in the higher branches
that they have the ughi to regulate then own affairs in their
own way. Ami to uudeistami by thw that the people of a
