1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOM
February 23,
Territory have the right, if they choose, to exclude or abol-
ish slavery; and that if rbeheve, as a southern man, such
an abolition to be unconstitutional, I must go to the courts
for the maintenance of my rights; and yai, if other meas-
ures of less importance, mere matters of police regulation,
are, ;wJopted, they may come to Congress arid beseech legis-
lation to put it aii right? If the major proposition includes
the minor, as I s-uppose n does, and The people of the Ter-
ritorj have the right to legislate o  these great questions for
themselves, independent of the action of Congress, I ap-
prehend they have an equal right to legislate for themselves
oifthe smaller questions. I should like my esteemed friend
from Connecticut to tell me where the line is; to what par-
ticular question it is applicable.
u Under the general phraseology of the Kansas bill, he
admits the people of the Tetritory have the exclusive right
to JegMate. I suppose, when we passed the hill, that we in-
tended by it to give them a right to legislate on all subjects
touching their domestic policy; and that if anybody was
dissatisfied he should so to the courts, and not come to Con-
gress for his remedy Tins has been my understanding, and
X have endeavored to live up to it. My friend from Michi-
gan and myself differ very widely as to what are the powers
of a Temtorial Legislature—he believing that they can ex-
.ercise sovereign rights, and f believing no such thing; he
contending that they have a right to exclude slavery, and1
hot admitting the proposition ; but both of us concuiring in
the opinion that it is a question to be decided by the courts,
mid not by Congress. If we are agreed on that, let us agree
on this othef proposition. If I had been the party aggrieved
by the lavVs of Kansas, I knew the place to which I was
pointed to seek my remedy. If others are aggrieved, let
them go to the same place."—appendix to Congressional
Globef Thirty-Fourth Congress, first session, page 801.
There can be no question as to what was the
meaning of the law at that time. Whatevercon-
struction Senators may find it advisable to put on
the language of the present President of the Uni-
ted States, in his letter of acceptance, it is certain
that, on the 2d day of July, 1856, after he had
been nominated, and after the Cincinnati platform
had been made, the Senator from Mississippi, at
least, understood that bill in the language he has
here expressed. Who was his friend from Con-
necticut, with whom he was engaged in that dis-
cussion? The present Secretary of the Navy. Is
there any doubt as to the opinions of the present
SecretaryofStateat that time? Surely not. Thus,
we have two prominent members of the Cabinet
who certainly, at that time, and, so far as we
have any dispensation, to this time, believe in the
very doctrine which the Senator now pronounces
heretical. Have they changed their opinion ? No,
sir. I have to say this: if there be a citizen of
.any southern State, who thinks ho has a right to
takes his slaves into a Territory and hold them
in defiance of the territorial authorities, let him
assert his right in a judicial court. If the court
gives him the right, 1 submit to it. If the court
denies his right, he must submit to it. There
must be mutuality; you must not come here to
Congress, asking from us that we shall take the
local and domestic affairs of the Territory into
our hands, when we have laid our authority aside,
if we ever had any.
But the Senator from Virginia says it is all de-
cided. How decided' The Supreme Court has
decided it. It seems to be given out, and in fact
I have seen it published m a newspaper here, that
it was perfectly right and proper foi Geneial Cass
and Governor Toucey and others, to have erred
from the straight path during the whole of the
year of our Lord 1856, even down to December,
1856, when the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
,Bigler] preached the same doctrine on this floor;
such errors were pardonable then; but we come
to March, 1857, and the Supreme Court of the
United States took it up and decided it, and foith-
with we are told that the Supreme Court of the
United States has become the appointed ex-
pounder of Democratic principles. Since when '
Since they declared the Bank of the United States
to be constitutional, which you repudiate in your
platform? Since the judges of that court held the
old sedition laws of John Adams to be constitu-
tional, which you repudiate in your platform?
Who constituted the judges of the Supreme Court
the makers or expounders of Democratic princi-
ples? Certainly not Thomas Jefferson, who pro-
nounced them the sappers and mineis of theCpn-
stitution; certainly not Andrew Jackson, who
told them he would interpret his own oath,as well
as his own principles, according to his views of
the Constitution. No couit shall make me a plat-
form. When we gut to going by couits, it seems
to me we have departed from the whole spirit and
principle of the Democratic party.
But, sir, the fact is that the court decided no
such thing; there was no such question before
them. In the whole Dred'Scott case there was
lio act of a Territorial Legislature before them in
any shape or form. *No such question was ar-
gued, no such question was decided; nor is there
the slightest allusion made to it in the opinion of
any of the judges, s8*far as I recollect, but in that
of the Chief Justice, and then it is made simply
by way of making an illustration—what th$ law-
yers call arguendo. This is the first time I ever
heard, in a case where nine judges pronounce
their opinions seriatim, that because one of them
in illustration collaterally makes a reference, that
becomes the decision of the court. I thi#kit will
take lawyers generally by surprise. The court
did decide, and properly, that Congress has no
power to exclude slavery from the Territories;
and why? Because it is not conferred by the Con-
stitution. That is properly decided. It was an
act of Congress they had before them—the act
of 1820, to prohibit slavery north of 360 30'. That
was the case, and that was the decision.
But the Senator from Virginia speaks of their
rights under the Constitution; he says that the
Constitution gives them the right to carry slaves
into the Territo'i-ies. Where? Will the Senator
give me the article and the section ? Where is it ?
There is no such provision. We are told that
slavery is recognized in the Constitution. Cer-
tainly; and wherein? It is recognized as an in-
stitution established by the laws of the States,
and it is even recognized as having no extra ter-
ritorial force whatever; because, but for the pro-
vision for the redelivery of fugitives, it is evident
that the moment a slave escaped out of the State
the power of his master would begone. You
needed that in the Constitution, and it was put in
the Constitution to supply a defect in that very
form of property. 1 believe the Psalmist mils us
that riches have wings. This form of property
seems to have legs, if not wings; and that provis-
ion of the Constitution was put there for the ex-
press purpose of guarding the weakness of the
disposition to emigrate of that species of property.
That you shall have, to the last extent. Then
the Constitution said, that inasmuch as, although
this form of property was a man, you had robbed
him of his manhood and condemned him to labor,
it, too, would strip him of two fifths of his hu-
manity when it came to estimate him either for
purposes of taxation or representation. That is
all within the States. Then it was provided that
Congress might prohibit any more of that prop-
erty being brought into this country after the year
1808, and might tax it per capita before that time.
That is all.
1 admit that it is recognized in all these rela-
tions as a form of property established by the
laws of the States, to be proiected within the
States; to be protected on the high seas by the
Federal Government; to be protected in the unoc-
cupied Territories of the United States as against
all foreign intervention. But, sir, I repeat the
question of mycolleague,doesitcarry itinto those
States which do not choose to admit that prop-
erty? Has the Constitution that extent? Does
its recognition of slaves as property to that extent
carry them, not only upon the high seas and into
the Territories, but does it carry them into the
State of Illinois, which has undertaken to declare
that she will not have them ? If there be anything
in this constitutional right which the Senator from
Virginia has invoked, it is aright which extends
j over Illinois as well as over Kansas to-day, for
the Constitution of the United States is as su-
preme in Illinois as it is in Kansas. There is no
such right, and the court did not say so. The
court said that Congress had no right to pass acts
of legislation for the Territories beyond certain
limits, and within those limits the right to prohibit
any form of property was not granted. There-
fore, when a citizen of South Carolina or Ken-
tucky goes to one of the Territories, he meets the
! local law, whatever it be. The question may arise
whether, in the absence of any legislation, he can
j hold his slave ? That is a question to be decided
! by thejudiciary. Thercmay beaquestion whether
j this form of legislation or that form of legislation
j would deprive him of his title or injure his title.
| Let him go to the courts. Suppose the Dred Scott
i decision should be reversed about a year hence;
| that there should be a change in the court; and I
I believe the Senator from New Yoik threatened
; us last session that he was going to bring in a bill
i increasing the number of judges, like the railroad
I propositions of watering their>'stock, so as to
! swamp the present majority.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, I will ask him whether he under-
stood the Senator from Virginia to assert that the
Constitution of the United States would give the
right to carry this property into the limits of a
State where it is prohibited ?
Mr. PUGH. No,.sir; but I say thathis prop-
osition is nothing, unless it goes to that extent.
Mr. DAVIS. In the absence of my friend from
Virginia, I would say that his theory, I believe,
agrees with mine; and certainly does not go to
that extent. It is that the Constitution makes it
property throughout the United States. It can,
therefore, be taken and held wherever the sover-
eign power of a State has not prohibited it. When
it reaches the territory of a sovereign State where
its introduction is inhibited, it there stops; except
for the reserved right to recover a fugitive, and
for the right of transit, which belongs to every
citizen of the United States. That is the decision
if the Supreme Court.
Mr. PUGH. I repeat my assertion: if the Con-
stitution of the United States gives this form of
property its peculiar protection, as gentlemen as-
sert, and the right to carry it, it is carried into
every State over the constitution and laws of the
State; for the Constitution of the United States is
supreme above the constitutions and laws of the
States; and it means that, or it means nothing.
There is no distinction; there can be none made;
and my colleague put the very question which
proved the fallacy of the whole proposition.
But Senators say there is no sovereignty in the
Territories. I agree to that; but why do we de-
ceive ourselves about Words? There is no such
language as sovereignty in the Constitution of the
United States. Senators say it requires a power
of soveieignty to exclude slavery, and the Sena-
tor from Mississippi has just now spoken of the
sovereignty of the State which excludes slavery.
He says it requires sovereign power to exclude
slavery. Well, how is that sovereignty to be ex-
pressed ?
Mr. DAVIS. When a State, being a sovereign,
by its organic law excludes that species of prop-
erty, the act is final. There is no sovereignty in
the Constitution, as the Senator states, and why ?
Because the Constitution is a compact between
sovereigns creating an agent with delegated
powers; and sovereignty is an indivisible thing.
They gave functions of sovereignty from their
plenary power. Sovereignty remained with the
people of the States.
Mr. PUGH. Then I understand the Senator
that the sovereignty can only speak through a
constitution, and that it is in the constitution of
a Slate only that the power to admit or exclude
slavery is to be exercised. Why, sir, until the
year 1820 not a State of this Union, in her con-
stitution, either admitted or excluded slavery, and
I do not believe Virginia did until 1850 or 1851.
None of the States did it until Missouri when she
came into the Union, and she put it into her con-
stitution, not upon the idea that that was-peculi-
arly the place, but for the express purpose of dis-
disarming her Legislature. It was an ordinary
legislative power, nothing else in "the world;
known and recognized as such and admitted as
such by every State in the Union. New York
abolished slavery by law, Pennsylvania abolished
1 slavery by law, and in the States where the insti-
rution continued, it was fostered, protected, and
recognized by ordinary acts of legislation.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry to interrupt the Sen-
ator again, and I believe this will be the last time.
The first instance he will find was that of Massa-
chusetts, who, in her bill of rights, at the revo-
lutionary eia, made a declaration which her su-
preme court held to be the abolition of slaveiy; and
1 think he willfind that it has generally been acted
on in that way; but he has not the right to as-
sume anything more than I stated. 1 stated a
mode.
Mr. PUGH. Massachusetts put into her bill
of rights the very general declaration that is to be
i found in nearly every other State constitution,
and her courts took it literally, and decided that
it covered the negro; whereas 1 suppose the peo-
I pie who made the constitution did not consider
I the case of the negro at all. but the assertion
now is—and it applies to the whole of this dis-
cussion—Senators tell me that the voice of the
sovereignty is expressed in forming a constitu-
tion; argal, until a Territory comes to form her
