1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of A. M.
Tabb, clerk of the. navy-yard at Gosport, Vir-
ginia, praying that the pay of clerks of navy-
yards may be increased; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. POLK presented the petition of Gillum
Baley and William R. Baley, praying indemnity
for loSsestey depredations of the Mohave Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Calmar, via Burr Oak Springs, to New Ore-
gon, in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Iowa,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
New Oregon to Hampton, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizgns of Iowa,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
New Oregon to Osa^e, m that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post R.oads.
Mr. MALLOP>.Y presented the memorial of
G. R. Barry, a purser m the Navy, praying com-
pensation for services as judge advocate; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PENSION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, announced that the House had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 359) granting pensions
to the officers and soldiers of the war with Great
Britain of 1812, and those engaged m Indian wars
during that period.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAYIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Isaac Moses, submitted an adverse
^ report; which was ordered to be printed.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 75) to increase the
efficiency of the Army and of the marine corps,
by retiring disabled or infirm officers, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 463) for the relief of
Lewis Cass Forsyth, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be piinted.
Mr. REID, fiom the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, to whom was referred the petition
of James G. Holmes, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 480) for his relief. The
bill was read am! passed to a second reading; and
the repoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr'. MALLORY, from the Committee on.
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution (S.
No. 58) authorizing Captain William L. Hudson
and Joshua R. Sands to accept certain testimonials
awarded to them by the Government of Great
Britain; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 57) granting further time to the
creditors of Texas to present their claims at the
Treasury; which was read twice by its title, and
referred with the accompanying papers, relating
to the claim of Edxrard Pontois, to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. WARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(8. No. 59) to provide for the payment of certain
volunteer troops called into service by the Gov-
ernor of the State of Texas for the protection of
the fiontier of said State and to reimburse said
State for the amount adduced by her on account
thereof; which was read twice by its tide, and re-
fi rred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Miiitia.
POSTAL SYSTEM.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
Jic > i\ 'I'll,it t!:e r<'>t!ii,istfr General lie directed to re-
;v,it l.' the S.-nat,- -U"ii. Iiaii""-! in the Ian rralllatnis p.)5t-
a;"';. ,iiul tiie I'oi-t Otiiee 1 lepjiuncut 't'. ei In" opinion,
v.'ouii! make tiiat a sclf--u-t<inuiig Department.
LAND CLAIMS OF JOHN RICE JONES.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rooked, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is4
hereby, requested to communicate tothe Senate a complete
list of the land claims ot the late John Rice Jones, in the
State of Ilhnois, which have been the subject of action by
the boards of land commissioners, from time to time, dis-
criminating those claims, if any, which have not been satis-
fied, and the eaases; and such thereof as, in his opinion,
should be allowed on the principles of equity and justice,
and which require legislation of Congress for that purpose.
FREDERICK VINCENT.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the papers in the case of Frederick Vin-
cent, executor ot James Leeaze, surviving partner of Le-
caze & Mallet, be returned to the Senate l>y the Court of
Claims, and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. I beg leave to inquire whether
that case was referred to the Court of Claims by
order of the Senate heretofore ?
Mr. SHIELDS. The ease is at present before
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
nearly all the papers are there, but there are a few
still in the possession of the Court of Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. That does not answer the
inquiry. The question was, whether this case
was originally referred to the Court of Claims by
order of the Senate ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I cannot tell.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to know how it got
to the Court of Claims, whether by original peti-
tion or by order of the Senate ?
Mr. SHIELDS. All I know about it is, that
there was an order of the Senate referring it to
the Committee on revolutionary Claims.
The resolution was adopted.
J. H. MERRILL.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to call up a resolution
which I offered yesterday, providing for the return
to the Senate of the papers of J. II. Merrill.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolve*?, That the Court of Claims be requested to letum
to the Senate the papets in the ca^e of J. II. Merrill vs. the
United States.
Mr. IVERSON. There is a question connected
with this resolution which I dt sire to present to
i the Senate, and ask the decision of the Senate
! upon it, inasmuch as it will determine, to some
! extent at least, a matter of some importance, and
govern the action of the Committee on Claims.
The memorial of Mr. Merrill was presented at
the last session of Congress, and referred to the
Committee011 Claims. Thecommittee,uponlook-
insf into the ease, saw that it was an application
for the refunding of money to Mr. Merrill, which
he had paid out for medical and other personal
attention, furnishing of stores, &c., board and
lodging, and medicines, to certain sick and disa-
bled seamen, in San Francisco, prior to the or-
ganization of a State government 111 California,
and during the existence of the military govern-
ment of General Riley. It was a pretty large
claim, and there were several facts to be ascer-
tained: fiist, whether this service was rendered
or not; in the next place, by whose order it was
rendered; and, in the third place, whether the
amounts charged were reasonable and j ast, or not.
The committee did not think themselves compe-
tent to decide these questions 011 the ex parte state-
ments and testimony which the claimant present-
ed. There was nothing before the committee by
which they could 1 onie to any conclusion, except
the (X parte testimony and statements of the claim-
ant himself. Wc, therefore, thought it was proper
that the case should go before the Court ot Claims,
who have the power to investigate the facts, to
examine witnesses, and to decide upon the rea-
sonableness of the charges. Hence, wo returned
the papers to the Senate, and had an order passed
referring the case to the Court of Claims. Now,
the Senator from California comes forward and
asks that the papers be returned by the Court of
Claims to the Senate, with a view to have them
ajain referred to the Committee on Claims for its
action. It is said the Court of Claims have de-
clined to take jurisdiction of cases of this sort—
cases referred'by either House of Congress which
do not come within the jurisdiction of the court,
\ under the original item's of the bill establishing
that court. I will read that clause of the bill to
the Senate, and take its advice on the subject:
" And the said eourt shall hear and determine all claims
founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any regulation
of itn Executive Department, or upon any contract, express
or implied, with the Government of the United States,
which may be suggested to it by a petition filed therein."
These are the heads of jurisdiction: any case
founded upon a law of Congress, or any claim
founded upon a regulation of an Executive De-
partment, or any claim founded upon any con-
tract, express or implied, with the Government
of the United States. Those cases may be brought
before the Court of Claims by an originat peti-
tion filed therein. Then the law goes on to say:
" And also all cases which may be referred to said court
by either House of Congress."
Now, sir, it has been stated—I do not speak
authoritatively on this point—that the court have
said they cannot entertain jurisdiction of cases
referred to them hy either House of Congress,
unless they come under the previous heads of
jurisdiction; that is, unless the claims arise out
of an act of Congress, or a regulation of a Depart-
ment, or a contract, express or implied, with the
Government of the United States. If that be the
case, then that portion of the law which gives
them jurisdiction of cases referred to them by
either House of Congress is altogether nugatory,
and ought never to have been put into the stat-
ute. My own opinion is, that Congress intended
to give a much more enlarged jurisdiction to this
court than would be included m the heads which
are first enumerated. I think that Congress, in
enacting this law, intended to give the Court of
Claimsjurisdiction of any case which either House
of Congress might deem it proper to refer to their
adjudication, whether it was founded upon an act
of Congress, upon a regulation of a Department,
upon a contract, either express or implied, with the
United States, or was a case that depended upon
the equity of Congress. Otherwise the latter
clause would have been altogether unnecessary,
and would mean nothing.
I desire the sense of the Senate to determine
whether id?considers the Court of Claims as hav-
ing jurisdiction of any case which it may refer to
the Court of Claims. A case of this sort occurred
at the last session—another one besides the one
now under consideration. A case was referred
to the Committee on Claims, in which it was ne-
cessary to examine testimony to ascertain the
amount of the charge, and the committee asked
the Senate to pass $t resolution referring that case
to the Court of (Jiaims with instructions to ex-
amine and report to the-Senate in relation to cer-
tain facts connected with the claim. I conceive
that either House of Congress has the power,
under the law establishing the court, to refer any
case to the Court of Claims with instructions as
to how that coui t should investigate the case, and
what they should report to Congress for its guid-
ance. The, Court of Claims, under this law, in m y
opinion, may be made use of as a registrar in
chancery, for the purpose of inquiring into facts
and reporting them to Congress to aid the con-
science of Congress in the determination of a
case.
But, sir, if the Court of Claims are not to as-
sume jurisdiction in such cases, if they are to re-
ject every case which Congress may refer to them,
unless it comes under one of the original heads
Stated in the law, it will be unnecessary to refer
any case to them, and the Committee on Claims
will understand how to act. I desire to put this
question so that it may be determined by the Sen-
• ate on this motion of the Senator from California,
j If the Senate decide that the Court of Claims are
] not to be compelled to take jurisdiction of such
| cases as this, then, as a matter of course, the pa-
; pers ought to be brought back and referred to
! some appropriate committee.
1 Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the very reason
: the Senator has given why this case will not be
1 considered by the Court of Claims, is the cause of
! my asking to have it brought back to the Senate,
j There was no law, no regulation of a Department,
I no contract, in this case, under which the claimant
| is entitled to relief, strictly speaking. There was
i no government in California, at the time, but a
1 niilitarygoveriiment. A mere colonel ii: the Army
issued his edicts there, like the Autocrat of Rus-
I sia. There was not a solitary law recognizing
i the existence of California, except one to collect
