1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
constitution as a State, she cannot speak one way
or another. I say the whole idea thatth® subject
of slavery, its admission or exclusion, is a sover-
eign act, as distinguished from ordinary legisla-
tion, is a pure fiction, without any foundation in
the history of this country. I do not want any
sovereignty on this subject. It is just the same
power of the Legislature to regulate this, as to
regulate all other property.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me one
moment?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. Does it not require sovereign
power to pass any law?
Mr. PUGH. Yes; but it requires no more
sovereignty to make a constitution than to make
a law; not a bit more.
Mr. MASON. If it requires sovereign power
to make any law, can a law be made by the in-
habitants of a Territory by virtue of their sover-
eignty, or does it require power derived from
Congress to enable them to make any law ?
Mr. PUGH. That will depend upon the rela-
tion in which you consider the law. As between
themselves, their own laws are valid; perfectly
so. 1 do not suppose the question could be made
in reference to the case of California; I think she
had a territorial government of her own, or a
military governrmnt; and certainly there was no
warrant for it in the Constitution.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely wish to understand
the Senator's argument. I desire to know whether
he means that, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, when you organize a Territory, the
people of that Territory exercise delegated pow-
ers through the Legislature, or have they inherent
rights over and above what are granted by the
act?
Mr. PUGH. I was coming to that. I say that
it needs no sovereignty whatever to exclude or
establish slavery in a Territory or a State; that it
is an act of ordinary legislation. Senators tell
me that the Territorial Legislatures are the crea-
tures of Congress. Inwhatsense? BecauseCon-
gress passes the act authorizing the people to elect
them? Does that make the Legislature, thus
elected by the people, the creature of Confess?
Then what do you say to the constitution of Min-
nesota; what do you say to the convention form-
ing the constitution of Minnesota? Did you not
authorize that convention to be elected ? Yes, sir;
and when they were elected they look their power
from the people; a power which you could not
give them. You merely agreed that, so far as you
were concerned, they should proceed by the voice
of the people to exefcise the whole authority of
an organized community; and I say that the peo-
ple of the Territories do not denve their tight of
representation in the Legislature from you.
Gentlemen speak of the rights of the South in
the Territories5 What are her rights, or the
rights of the North, in the Territories? People who
do not go to the Territories have no rights there
at all, except to see that their land is not abused.
The Senator from Mississippi says there are no
people in the Territories; they are only inhabit-
ants. Well, I should like to know what the peo-
ple can be except inhabitants. He certainly does
not mean to maintain that those who are not in-
habitants are the people. No, sir; it is the right
of self-government; you may cover it with nick-
names as much as you please. Congress has said
to these people, you are a community, with inter-
ests of your own, domestic rights of your own;
for your own peace, liberty, and security, we re-
linquish you to your inherent right of self-gov-
ernment, subject only to these conditions winch
we specify m the organic act. Your organic act
is not an enabling act to the Territories; it is a
restraining act. We restrain you within these
limits; but as for all the rest, so far from profess-
ing to confer on you any rights, take the right
which the people have eveiywhere, unless re-
strained by tyrants, the right of self-government.
Now, sir, what is the mighty right that the
Senator from Virginia says the southern Democ-
racy are going to light for? It is the right of one
man in the State of Virginia to go into the Terri-
tory of Kansas, with her ninety-two or ninety
thousand inhabitants, all of whom are of one
opinion—their authorities, their Legislature, all
consider that the presence of slaves is injurious i
to them; but in order that this one gentleman ]
from the State #f Virginia, who has not aided to j
reclaim the wilderness, who has undergone none
of the perils of frontier life, may enjoy his sacred J
right of carrying his negro there against the will
of everybody else, the Senator from Virginia, and
both the Senators from Mississippi notify us that
they intend to leave the Union, carrying flags and
banners and music. Well, sir, if they choose to
go, on so small a provocation as that, I do not
think the Union is wtfrth preserving any longer.
Sir, it is an attempt to press upon the people of
the Territories the laws of the States from which
they come. Do they all carry the laws of their
States? If the law of Virginia goes into Kansas
with the citizens of Virginia in order to protect
their slaves, does the law of my State go with the
citizens of Ohio, and the law of Indiana with the
citizens of Indiana, and the law of Oregon with
the citizens of Oregon? How many laws will
you have in your Territories? Why, sir, every
man will literally be a law to himself. The laws
of Virginia cannot go there unless the laws of '
every other State go, and thus you establish a
kind of organized anarchy in every one of your
Territories. j
Sir, all this is a vast piece of special pleading, j
eked out by fictions of history, by propositions
of law that cannot be maintained for an instant,
by assertions as to what constitutions give, and
by assertions as to what courts have decided, to
build up a doctrine that is offensive to the pride
and self-respect of every citizen of the non-slave-
holding States. I will give you equality of rights, |
but I will have equality. You shall not carry ;
the laws of your State into the Territories, unless i
you allow me to carry the laws of my State there
I agiee that the laws of neither shall go there, i
Let the people of the Territories by themselves,
through their own immediate representatives,
chosen by the people, responsible to them, decide i
the whole question. I will agree (hat the Federal
Government shall not interfere on either side by '
act or word, that it shall be left entirely to thepeo- ;
pie whose interest is concerned during their tern to- ;
rial form; and when they come to form their con- '
stitution and State government, whareverthey say
on ihatsubject, be n to exclude or to toleiate sla- (
very, they shall have my vote so long as I sit in this i
Chamber without any hesitation. But when you j
tell me that there is a negro sovereignty extending j
over all the Territories, that there is a peculiar ;
species of property which no law can restrain,
which no government can put down or regulate, j
but which goes by force of*the Constitution—as i
if the Constitution, instead of being made for the
benefit of the people, was made for the special
aggrandizement of negro owners—and which is to .
prevail everywhere, and to overawe and strike j
down the right of self-government of white men, ;
either in States or Territories, I tell you you have j
perverted the whole foundation of your Govern
ment. j
Now, sir, I hope, at least for one, that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi understands my position
distinctly. I tell him 1 will vote for no code, no
act of Congress to interfere with the local legis-
: lation of the Territories excluding or admitting
| slavery—none. The Senators from Mississippi
; and Vnginia, seveially, have issued their procia-
! mation as to what is to be the consequence. They
! hold the Democratic party in such very light esteem
■ that, if that is the general sentiment ot them in
' the northern States, they will not keep company
i with us any longer. Well, sir, they can keep com-
| pany with us just as long as they please. I am
■ very suie that I will tiouble myself to no very
great extent to restrain them. I am willing to
. agree with them upon the punciples declared in
| the platform of our patty. 1 will stand there; and
! I will have nothing inoie than the Constitution
: authorizes. Satisfy me that you have a right,
under the Constitution of the United States, to
cairy your slaves into Territories and hold them
| there, or into the States and hold them there, and
I will give you as many acts of Congress as you
| can desire. ' In my judgment, you have no such
! right. The assertion of it is offensive. The as-
j sertion of it violates the*equality of the States. It
! puts the rights of the southern States far above
1 the rights of the northern States. It degrades
« every non-slaveholder in the United States, and
' certainly every citizen of a non-slaveholdmg State.
We are no longer your equals under such a 'doe-
trine; and whether it be in the Democratic party,
of anywhere eise, for me, I intend to live on terms
of equality, or I am content not to live at all.
Mr. GREEN. Mr President 
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend from Missouri
allow me just two minutes ?
Mr. GREEN. Two minutes I allow.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Ohio read
an extract from a speech of mine, which he seemed
to rely upon to sustain him in his position that I
was inconsistent to-day with what I had said on
a former occasion. When that speech was made,
the main point in controversy was as to whether
we had the right to carry our slave property to the
Territories, and have it protected there. To that
point I spoke. That point I maintained then, as
I maintain to-day; we were willing to submit to
the decision of the Supreme Court. We have
submitted the question, and it has been decided in
our favor. I did not mean to be understood then,
nor will I be understood now, that I am willing
to submit to the Supreme Court on points which
you can never bring before the court. The non-
action of the Territorial Legislature can never be
! brought befoie the Supreme Court. Unfriendly
1 legislation within the limitations of the Constitu-
tion can never be brought before the Supreme
Court. Non-action and that sort of unfriendly
legislation, I have maintained to-day, would as
effectually exclude us as positive action. What-
ever you can get before the Supreme Court fairly
| and justly, I am willing to submit to them, and
i abide by their decision; but, of course, I am not
I willing to be ruled out upon points which you
j never can get before the court. Suppose the
! Legislature does not act at all, how am 1 to have
j my remedy before the Supreme Court? Can I
1 get a mandamus? Everybody knows I cannot.
That is a form by which I am excluded. Then,
suppose they act in an unfriendly spirit within the
limitations of the Constitution; how am I to get
such a case before the Supreme Court? If they
j legislate under the taxing power, as I pointed out
| this morning, and under the power to regulate the
i relation between master and slave; how am I to
get such a case before the Supreme Court? I
| never can. I never meant to say I would stand
I only upon the decisions of the Supreme Court. I
will stand upon them so far as they are rendered;
and I maintain before the Senator from Ohio now,
that I stand where I stood when I made that
speech—upon the decisions of the Supreme Court;
but I could not stand upon decisions never ren-
dered, and winch never can be rendered,
i Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the principal
| object that seems to have been designed by the
' Senator from New Hampshire, has been attained,
| and that was to stir up strife and contention and
l produce distraction, and to divide and alienate
] the Democratic party. I am sorry, extremely
I sorry, to see Democrats permit themselves to be
| thus divided on a question presented, no doubt,
! with the view of breaking down the only politi-
! cal party that can override the Republican party.
|| While i differ with the positions taken by some
| Democratic Senators, and while it will be my
; purpose to show that they aie wiong under the
i Constitution and under the laws of the United
States, I shall do it in a spirit which, instead of
1 driving them off from the patty will, I trust, have
j a tendency to draw them back and unite us all
together, for although we may differ a little on
some minor points, the great end and object ot
the party in its institution, in its organization,
1 and in its puipose, is to subserve $e paramount
! interests of these United States. Party is essen-
| tiai not to advancement; party is essential not for
; personal considerations; but party is to be sus-
i tained only and solely for the good of our country,
' and when it ceases to subserve that interest, I shall
1 cease to be a party man.
I Sir, there are great leading points of difference
■ between the different political parties, and there
are minor abstract considerations that sometimes
1 infuse themselves into our deliberations, Stirling
j up our feelings; and, if we permit them to take a
: deep hold on our affections, they may drive us
. asunder. It behooves us, as statesmen, as pat-
j liots, and as friends of our country,.to pause and
' reflect before we take a fatal step. While we differ
upon minor pomt?, nod while we deliberate upon
1 these abstract differences, let us treat each other
' as brethren, and not as political enemies.
