1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
ing that we entertain a different opinion. The
fact that we desiie thorn to take a more extensive
jurisdiction of the eases which we refer to them,
and to act in the character of a committee: the
fact that we differ with them about the meaning
of the existing law on that point, will effect noth-
ing. We may send papers to them with a request
that they will inquire into the facts, and give us
their conclusions, but theyare not therefore bound
to do so; because such action on our part would
not be a law; it would be nothing but the request
or direction of one House, and not a lawbinding
on the court. I say, then, that if we differ with
the court and desire them to do more than under
their construction of the present law they feel
inclined to do, we can only reach our object by a
law giving them such jurisdiction in express terms,
and making it their duty to exercise it for our
benefit, so that we may avail ourselves not merely
of the ex pa.-te testimony which we gjlthrough a
committee, but of testimony taken under a com-
mission with proper examinations. It will re-
quire a statute for that purpose.
I have not recently examined the statute estab-
lishing the Court of Claims. It maybe that it
requires them to Bend here their adverse reports.
?vlr. BAYARD. It does; and if ihe Senator
will allnw me, I will read the provision. The
sevenih section of the act provides that the " court
shall keep a record of their proceedings, and shall,
at the commencement of each session of Congress,
and at the commencement of each month during;
the session of Congress, report to Congress the
cases upon which they shall have finally acted,
stating in each the material facts which they find
established by the evidence, with their opinion in
the case, ynd the reasons, upon which such opinion
is founded." It then provides for dissenting
opinions, and requires the report, with the briefs
of the solicitor and the claminnt, to be printed;
arid the ninth section declares 44 that the claims !
reported upon adversely shall be placed upon the
Calender when reported, and if the decision of said
court shall be confirmed by Congress, stud de-
cision shall be conclusive; and the said court shall
not at any subsequent period consider said claims
unless such reasons shall be presented to said 1
court, as by the rules oi' common law or chan- I
eery, in suiis between individuals, would furnish i
sufficient ground for granting a new trial." !
Mr, COLLAMER. Buti do notfind that our j
Committee on Claims are yet advised as to what j
has been the decision of the Court of Claims with j
regard to cases referred to them by either House ;
of Congress. Clear it is that, so far as my I
knowledge extends, no report has been made to j
Congress in which that decision is announced one
way'^or the other. I do not know whether the |
court may not say that they are not requned to !
repoit upon a case in which they have no juris-
diction, for the reason that a decision of that
point is not a " final one. " They may say u the
cases sent to us from Congress do not tail within
what we deem our jurisdiction, and we will not
do anything with them; we will let them alone;" ,
and they may consider that such cases do not i
come within the category of those upon which
they have made a final decision, according to the ;
languageof the statute. At any rate,I say_ ihuy
have reported no such case to us. 1 will simply
repeat, without consuming further time, that my
desire is, that some mode may be taken ly which
cither the Senator from California will be enabled
to get his case before us, or wo shall be enabled
to sec whether or not, in point of fact, the court ■
will take jurisdiction of cases which we refer to ,
them.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to move to an)end
this resolution by instructing the Committee on ,
Claims to inquire into the expediency of abolish- j
inr the Couil of Claims ? If .so, i want to vote j
for such a measure; but if that amendment is not |
in order to this resolution, I give notice that I thai!
very soon introduce a proposition of that kind. ] j
think this court has been productive oj nothing ,
but mischief, and we have the n-stimouy ot the ;
Committee on Chums that,instead of diminishing,
it has increased their work, and certainly it has '
increased the diain upon the Treasury. >> ould
it be in order to amend this resolution in the mode ^
1 have suggested r
Tlio- PRESSDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
TIi,- Chair thinks such a pioposition would not
bo in order as an amendment to this resolution) i
which provides* for withdrawing papers from the
court.
Mr. HALE. Then I shall postpone what I
have tq say until some future time, simply ex-
pressing the wish now that I may get a chance to
introduce such a proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, in regard to
this point there has been an elaborate decision of
the. Court of Claims, as I understand, on the sub-
ject of their jurisdiction, which was published
some two years since. I think the view which they
take of the law is this: that they sit to try such
cases as the United States might be sued upon,
if the United States were capable of being made a
party defendant in a suit; that they were consti-
tuted a court, and as a court were designed only
to try such cases as a suit might be instituted upon
against the United States, if the Governmentper-
mitted itself to be sued; that in regard to the man-
ner in which those cases were to be brought be-
fore it, they were either to be brought by the
party himself, at his own option, or if the party
did not chose to go there, fearing the court, either
House of Congress might send it there, the design
of the law being to enable Congress, through
either House, to send the ease there, or to enable
the joarty himself to carry it there if l\e distrusted
either House in regard to it.
Now, sir, i do not see that they are to blame
for taking that view of their jurisdiction. It has
been some time since I saw the opinion winch
they delivered on that point; but it seemed to me
at the time that it was well reasoned, an'd that it
was conclusive. It may be that the jurisdiction
ought to have been enlarged; but if so, that is a
subject for an amendment of the law. It may he
that we ought to be enabled to use the court as a
sort of commission to examine testimony aad to
state facts; but if so, the law ought to be enlatged
in regard to cases upon winch there could be no
suit—which appeal merely to our generosity—to
our discretion. *1 apprehend, though, it would he
very difficult for a court to undertake to say, as a
court, what we should do m the exercise of those
feelings of -generosity, or m the exeicise of that
discretion. I think, myself, the jurisdiction was
well limited. Perhaps, however, it may be that
wc ought to go further, and ought to be allowed
to use the court a-s a commission to ascertain
facts, so as to enable us to exercise our discretion
in regard to what generosity should dictate, and
in regard to what we ought to do as a mere matter
of benevolence.
I do not think {he Court of Claims are at all to
blame for the view of their jurisdiction which
they have taken. Neither do I a^ree with those
who think that tribunal lias not been a useful in-
stitution. I believe that, like all those things
which ere slow m getting under way, it has been
liable to mistakes; it has mnde grave errors 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the honorable Sen-
ator infinite me for a moment?
Mr. HUNTER. Ceriamly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to the
honorable Senator that it has been stated to me
just now, that, in point o' fact, the Court of Claims
have not made the decision which he states, but
that they take charge of eases referred to them by
either Rouse of Congress; and though they de-
cide that the parties nave not a legal claim, fhry
still zo on to take testimony. It is ::o slated.
Mr. HUNTER. If so, that is certainly as far
as they ought to go.
Mr. IUYA11D. Will the honorable Senator
from Virginia allow me to make a statement to
him on that point ?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Air. BAYARD, I understand, from ^gentle-
man who is a practitioner m ih>' Couit of Ciaims,
and knows well the ptactice of that tribunal, that
the decision of the court has been this—and it is
evidently, to my mind, the true construction of
the law; that, where Congress refers to them a
claim, they treat it under the first clauses of the
act which give jurisdiction, and see first whether
or not it is a legal claim. They are not to give
judgment in any case; but they decide that it is a
legal claim on the United States, if it falls within
the designation of jurisdiction contained in the
first part of the act; but if it does not,inasmuch
as Congress has referred it to them, they still en-
tertaiu die case and take the testimony, and give
you their opinion that it is not a legal claim; b'ut
i if there is an equitable ground for the interference .
of Congress, they say so,*and return the papers
to you. I understand that they have never decided
in any case that they had no jurisdiction of a
claim referred to them by Congress; but that, on
the contrary, they give in the hearing a preference
to cases referred to them by order«of Congress*
Mr. HUNTER. If that be so, I see no cause
for imputing blame to them. That surely is as
far as they ought to be required to go. For my-
self, I do notthink that, in such cases, they ought
to bo allowed to do more than act as a mere com-
mission* to report facts. I would not ask tliem
for their opinion, except on eases which would
be the subject of suit if the United States could
I be made a party defendant in a suit.
! Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall have a vote on
: this resolution; because I do not tlunkthe ques-
tion brought before the Senate by the Senator from
; Georgia ought to prevent the passage of this res-
! olution. I am told by the claimant that the cause
• of asking for thq return of his papers is, that the
! Court of Claims have decided that they have not
1 jurisdiction in his case. The court have decided
i the question on this very case. His claim was
sent there by the Senate, not by himself. He did
i not present himself before the Court of Claims,
f He came, with a memorial, before Congress. It
i was referred to the Committee on Claims. The
chairman of that committee, m order to ascertain
i certain facts 
I Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
| me to inten apt him. I understand him to say
! that the Court of Claims have decided in this case
! that thev have no jurisdiction.
! Mr. GWIN. Yes.
! Mr. MASON. If such bo the fact, I take it
for eranted they have reported that decision to
the Senate, and sent the papers back with it.
! Mr. GWTN. Not yet.
I Mr. IVERSON. J think the Senator from Cal-
| lformais laboring under a mistake on a question
, of fact. This claimant may have told him so;
! but I have consulted with the solicitor, and other
i members of the court, and I 'understand that no
j such decision has been made in this case by the
j Court of Claim?. I venture to assert that they
I have never had this case "under investigation. It
' was only referred to them at the latter port of the
| last session of Congress, and I venture to assert
j it has not vet come up before the Court of Claims;
i and they have not decided the question. They
! may have decided a similar question m some other
| case, but in this identical case the gentleman ia
i mistaken.
I Mr. GWIN. I am not mistaken. That is what
' the claimant tells me. That is the reason' he
j asked me to present the resolution. If that be
I the faei, we cannot get the papers here without
a resolution of this kind, because the Court of
Claims do not send us the papers when they re-
, port against a claim. How is the claimant to get
relief, if such be the fact > I am willing to let the
j resolution go over, so that we may obtain the
: facts. I do not wish to encumber the Committee
! on Claims with this or any.other claim, unless
1 thev ihink it proper to act on it.
> fit. POLK. I suggest to the Senator from
\ California to let the lesolution lie over until to-
morrow.
I Mr. GWIN. I shall do that.
: The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
I take that to be the sense of the Senate. The reso-
; lution will be postponed for the present.
1 ORDER OP BUSINESS—EXECUTIVE SESSION.
■ Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take up the report
'• from the Committee on Public. Buildings and
Grounds which was made yesterday.
Mr. MASON. 1 asl: if there was not an order
1 of the dav for one o'clock.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
about to say that it was made Ins imperative dutj',
under the rules, to call for the consideration of
' the special order at this hour, which is the unfin-
: ished business of yesterday, being the bill for the
! construction of the Pacific railroad. The Chair
' is also bound to state that another special order
j was made in executive session, to prorcedto ex-
■ ecutive business at this hour. The Cnair, how-
; ever, gives precedence to the prior and elder spe-
cial order, being the unfinished business of yes-
! terday.
■ Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
J' to the consideration of executive business.
