1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1258
see the necessity; and the time may come when it
will be proper this power should be exercised.
The power certainly exists. All the power the
Territory has is derived from Congress, and can
be resumed at pleasure. The creature can never
be equal to the creator.
But I was sorry for another reason. "When
Utah, by her misconduct, had propagated polyg-
amy, the Senator was loudest and foremost to
propose the intervention of Congress to stop it.
Yes, " that is a case that will justify Congress in
intervening." " Stop polygamy" 
Mr. DOUGLAS. When? Where? When
did I speak so loud for intervention to stop polyg-
amy ? When, where, what measure, what speech,
what report?
Mr. GREEN. Well, Mr. President, I said
louiest, because he generally speaks loudest; I
said when, because it was the 12th day of June,
1857; and where, because it was said at Spring-
field, Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I deny it. That speech will
show that I was for repealing the-organic act,
because they were alien enemies to the United
States, and not because of that domestic institu-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. I have got the speech before
me, and 1 generally speak by the record.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Read it.
Mr. GREEN. I know lie lugged in other con-
siderations, but he did not confine himself to
them. He did say they were alien enemies, but
it was their misconduct, including polygamy, that
he complained of. He had given them an organic
act, and he then said, 1 will take it fiom you.
But where, in such cases, is "squatter sover-
eignty'" Oh, says the Senator, you are alien
enemies ! The Senator assumed it to be true that
they were; and then he says, I will take from
under your feet the very authority which gave
you existence as a people. In other words, 1 will
intervene againstyou. For what? Because you
are alien enemies? How do you know they were
aliens? Where did you get your evidence?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 'Read it.
Mr. GREEN. I will read it. I know of what
I speak. You had no evidence of it then; you
have no evidence of it to-day. It was an assump-
tion then, and it is an assumption to-day. But
whether so or not, it cannot change the power of
Congress to interfere, if the public good requires
it. But you will intervene. Why? Because it is
assumed they are alien enemies. How do you
know but what there are alien enemies in Kansas,
judging from their acts, as there are m Utah?
How do you know that there arc not as many in
Nebraska as in Utah? But he will not intervene
there, for those alien enemies only destroy the
rights of slave property; but he will inteivene in
Utah, for those alien enemies propagate polyg-
amy. That is the doctrine of the Senator, and
he cannot escape from it. Now 1 will read the
extract from his speech on the suhjeel, and see
whether he did not claim the right to protect per-
sons and property by congressional intervention.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Read what covers that sub-
ject.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. Douglas said:
" Suppose, I lepeat, that Congress should a law
present)!wr aclimilia! code, and punishing polygamy amofii:
otliei oii'i■ n what cfieet would it have—\Vhat pood would
it do? Would voa call on twenlv tluee grand juivnien,
with twenty-tin uc wives cach, to tiad a bill ot indictment
acivnst a poor, miserable wrctch for hnvmg two wives,
rc'heortf and laagliter 3 Would you relv upon twelve petit
Vutors-, with twelve wives each, to convict the same loath-
eome wretch for having two wives : [Continued applause.]
Would vou i'\peet a giaud juty composed ot twenu-three
<DamteV to liml a bill ot indictment a-rau^t a brother
'Damte' for having muidered a Gentile, a^ they call all
Ameueari citizens, under then direction : Much lesr. would
you expect a juiy, composed of twelve •destroying <1"-
you ...... „ „,
gel-.,' to find anotherf destroying angel' guilty ot the crime
of mui dor, and eau?.c hmi to he hanged, for no other offense
thdii that of taking the life of a Gentile5 No. If theie is
any truth in the lepoiis'we receive ltom Utah, Consiess
may pass what laws it choose?:, but you can never lely upon
the local tnhunals and juries to punish crimes committed
by vjoimonsm that TVrrifoty Some other and more el-
forttial remedy must be devised and applied. In mv opin
ion the first step should be the absolute and unconditional
repeal of the orqamc act, blotting the territorial govern
nicnt out of existence 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, precisely, and I will show
you why u precisely ' after a while:
upon the ground that they are alien enemies and out-
law.-, denvni" their allegiance and delving the authority ot
tlie United States, [immense applause j
" The territorial government at onec abolished, the coun-
try would revert to its primitive condition pi lor to theacl of
1850,{ under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction ol the Unt
ted States,' and should be placed under the operation of the
act of Congress of the 30th of April, 1790, and the various
acts supplemental thereto and amendatory theteof, • pro-
viding tor the punishment of crimes against the Untied
States, within any fort, arsenal, dock-yard, magazine, or
any other place or district of country. under the
sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United StatesAll
offenses against the provisions of these acts are required by
law to be tried and punished by the United States courts in
the States or Territories vvheie the offenders shall be first
apprehended or brought for trial."
One word there. Here these outlaws, these
alien enemies, are to have their charter taken
away because they do not conform to what we
.believe to be right. We choose to call them ene-
mies, to say they are outlaws; and we choose to
say they do wrong; but negro stealers and under-
ground railroad aperators are to be patted on the
back, and to be told, " well done, thou good and
faithful servant;" we have no power to stop you,
and you may run at pleasure. But that is not
all; for in the same speech the Senator says:
" Hence the necessity of lepcahng the organic act, with-
drawing the pledge of admission, and placing it. under the |
sole and exclusive jurisdiction ot the United Stated"—
For what purpose ?
—" in order that pcr>ons and property may be jyrotected,
and justice administered, and cranci 'immshed under the
lam prescribed by Congress in such, cai.es."
Thus spoke Mr. Douglas at Springfield; and
now see how differently he speaks.
In the case of Utah, he wanted persons and
property protected. To do that, he wanted Con-
gress to intervene and protect property, tie
wanted something affirmatively done. He wanted
justice to be administered; and lie wanted the or-
ganic act wiped out of existence so that Congress
might intervene. m the most palpable case ;
in which ■slave propeity may be destroyed in
Kansas or Nebraska, he says we have no right to
interfere. Sir, I cannot see the consistency of a
position like this. If the Supreme Court was right
m declaring slaves to be property, and if we stand
, by the decision of that court—not merely acqui-
i esce and sustain and support it—then slaves are
property; and if, ill the case of Utah, the causes
were sufficient to justify Congress to intervene
and repeal the organic act and undertake the ad- I
, ministration of affairs there, why not do so in
jj other cases for tlie protection of other property?
I know that many grave offenses have been laid
at the door of the people of Utah; but I undertake
to say that 110 charge against them is of a char-
acter deeper in us dark hue than that of the larceny
of a slave. When I asked the Senator if (he Ter-
! ritorial Legislature should pais a general law pun-
' ishing larceny, but excepting a slave, would it be
' constitutional' he - o answered it, that although
' it was perfectly plain to himself, it was umiitel-
ligible to me and everybody else Would it be a
i1 constitutional law to say that larceny, of any
5' property of the value of five dollars or upwards,
ji shall be punished, upon conviction, by lmprison-
! ment 111 a penitentiary not exceeding ten years,
j! excepting the larceny of a slave? Would that lie
: constitutional, when, at the same time, he asserts
li that they have no more power over other property
i; than they have over slaves?
! But he asks, •' do we want a slave code ! " Sir,
we have 110 slave code, and it is a misapplication
i| 0f terms, and a confusion of ideas, to assert it.
We have just as much a llog code, and a pig code,
i and a calf code, as a store code 111 the States. It
1 a man steals pi operty (If a cei tain value, it is grand
' larceny; if it is not of that value, it is petit lat-
j ceny, except it be a pig, or other live stock, and
j then it is grand larceny, without regard to value.
I If it is a calf, or pig, It is grand laiceny anyhow;
i and that is as much a pig code, or a calf code, as
to call the other a slave code. It is idle to talk
upon the subject. Slaves want no protection, over
1 or beyond other property; but (he general protec-
tion of the law for all property, without distmc-
tion, is all that could be demanded or expected.
1 Why sir, nearly nine tenths of all the laws 111 all
| the States that have slave laws, if you call them
■ such, are laws to protect the slave against the
master, or laws to restrain the master. They are
laws to protect the slave, not laws for the benefit
of the master. There aic some two or three pro-
'[ visions in some of the Slates of this Union jiistt-
fying the Executive in giving a small rewaid for
j! the 1 ©capture of the fugitive slave, rhatisaben-
1! efit to the slaveholder; there is 110 doubt about
that; and to that extent it affords an additional
security; but,generally, you find the provision of
the law restraining the master. If he commit a
murder upon one of his slaves, it is just as much
murder as if he were a white man. If he maltreats
a slave, he is punished himself. There is left that
ordinary and necessary discretion of police, such
as the father has over the son, or the mother has
over the daughter, in exercising it for the benefit
of both, to restrain them m their excesses, to con- .
trol them in their improper action, and conduct
them with order and propriety, resulting in the
mutual benefit of father and son, mother and
daughter, master and slave, and as much for the
benefit of one as the other; but to call that a slave
code, and give them an odious distinction before
the public, is not fair nor just to the owners of
slaves in the slaveholding States.
Butthc Senator says, if they want slavery, they
will piotectit. That brings me back to the other
point. If the majority do not want it, and the
Constitution says it is property, and there is no
power confeued upon them to prohibit it, what
right have they, a majority, to take away the prop-
erty in a slave from a single individual5 If they
have no right to take it away, what right have
they to superinduce a species of legislation which
will render it less valuable ? Is not that a part of
the great American principle of justice ? and if we
see a Territory persistent in the prosecution of
a course of policy like that, and if we have the
power, as the Senator at Springfield said, to re-
peal the charter, and if we see them persist in
such an unjust com sc, ought not Congress to in-
tervene for the protection of the unoffending citi-
zen ? Yet the Senator says he will not do it. 1
believe he made that expression in hot haste with
a view to other tilings—that he supposed we were
going to call on Congress to pass laws for the pro-
tection of slaves in the Territories, and it was a
sort of protest against supposed contemplated
action on the part of southern Senators here. No,
sir, we expect no such thing; but I will enter my
protest against his piesent doctiine;and in enter-
ing it, I expect, when the time comes, should it
ever unfortunately come to exercise it, to have
the hearty cooperation of that Senator; that if
flagrant injustice, or manifest wrong, destructive
of private rights, should occur in Kansas or other
Territories,'revolting to the common sense ofjus-
tice and right, as polygamy in Utah was to the
sense of propriety and morality of the Senator, I
expect to have that Senator cooperate with me in
proposing to repeal the charter of the Territory,
and for the enactment of such laws as will protect
private rights, whether of persons or propeity. _
Why, sir, it may be, for aught I know, that it
is only a majority 111 Utah that are given up to
these violent passions. It may be that the mi-
nority are trampled down there.
Hut it is said the Territories may do this thing
without positive action, and merely by non-ac-
tion. S11, that is just what lias been dune m
Utah. It is non-action there with regard to po-
lygamy. 1 have read the charge of Judge Sin-
clair, and had a long interview with Judge Eck-
els, from which it appears that there is no law
upon the subject of polygamy, and that the whole
evil has grown up for want of legislation; yet that
want of legislation produced such evils iu Utah as
to justify the Senator in proposing to repeal the
charter, and to take it in the hands of the Federal
Government, because the rights of the people wero
violated. Now, if non-action in Utah can produce
such a sore evil, may non-action on the subject
of slaveiy in other places, produce equal evil ? 1
hope it may not; and hence, I never expect to
propose any legislation upon ilie part of Corigi ess,
meiely on account of non-action in a Ieiillory,
unless a case of extreme necessity should anse.^
I am now discussing this abstract question ot
power and right of Congress to interpose, and not
proposing any present exercise of it. Indeed, I
hope it may never be necessaiy.
News has been received to-day from Kansas,
that the Teintonal Legislature, which adjourned
on the 12th, passed a law declaring that from
and afterthe passage of thatact slavery shall cease
to existin Kansas. Who did that ? The Legis-
lature in a Territory of the United States' What
says the Fedeial Constitution' The Supreme
1 Court says that under the Constitution slavery
may exist, and shall exist as long as it is a Tei-
nto'ry; that every man who chouses to go there
