172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
Mr. BRIGHT. I- think it is a matter of con-
sequence that we should settle the question as to
whether it is the pleasure of the Senate to remove
from-this Ilali to the new Chamber. I feel no
anxiety about it myself, but with a view of get-
ting at the sense of the Senate, I move to postpone
all special orders with a view of taking up that
report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia to proceed to the consideration of executive
business. The .Chair is of opinion that that can-
not be superseded by a motion to postpone. The
Senate may vote it down if they feel disinclined
to agree to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I hope the Senate will
vote it down.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow us to decide the question whether
we shall remove or not. I am in favor of remov-
ing; he is not; but we want p. decision of the
question, because it affects the progress of the
work. There are certain things to be done if we
remove; and it will not do to delay them and de-
cide at the last moment that we shall remove.
All I ask, therefore, itg a decision of the question.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say a single word.
If that resolution comes up, it will be debated,
and will take the time which has been appropri-
ated for executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. ttAYAUD. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
We must always take the relative importance of
matters before us, and we should recollect that,
after to-morrow, w<> adjourn under a*jomt reso-
lution until the 4th of January. The 1st of Jan-
uary will then have passed, and our action is ne-
cessary in ( xecutive session before that time. J
think we ought c<  proceed to executive session,
in accordance with our Older.
Mr. GW IN. I wish to ask whether, if we go
into exee.uiive session now, the special order, the
unfinished business, comes up at one o'clock to-
morrow ? ["Cei tainly.55]
The question bein^ taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted — yeas .1(1, nays ax follows:
YKAS-Me^i-. HjIcs I5-u,u<I. Mnjiei. Hio.lei M-kJlrotvn,
Clay, Collamei, ('niti-mlen. DoohMle, iluikee. Fe-M'nd'-n,
Foot, (iieen. <;v\ in. Hale, Hamlin, lioiMou, Jluntei, Ivei-
t-on, Jolm-.uii <>i Tesinc- <'<•« Km,;. Yt.eon, PeJk,
SehaMi.m,Shield,-,Tiioiup.iun ul Kentucky, \Vatd,\Vii?-oti,
and Wi!<„'hi— HO.
N V YS—M ei^is-. AU'mi, Ki ijihf, < 'ani'M on, C handle] Claik,
Chnmnan, !>.ivi-, 15mm ImI/|> in ,rk, H.u Ian, Join-,
Jvnmeih . i'eae e, ivent. Sew aul, Minnieii-;, Slidell, Sni n (,
TImmjmm ot i\r\v JeiM-y, TuoiuIh, Tnuiihull, and Wade
:if Mr, Mason- was agreed to; and
ed( d to tin1 coinudei atioti of ex-
Aftersome tune spent theiem,
o the motion
the Si-na'e pr<><*
eeui i ve businesf
the doors wimv
COMMODORE STKWAUT.
Mr. HALF,. I odor a resolution of inquiry, and
I hope it will be adopted at once, by unanimous
consent:
Jir<ohi:<f, Tlirtr the Commuter* on Nva\al Allaire he in-
etiMeted t<> impure and lepoit t<  tin; Setuxt" what action, it
an\, -houid be taken hy (io m.nule^t the apprecia-
tion hy tile emait.y <>! "the gallant and menJoriou- M-iviers
of Captain ( i)ai le* Stewai J >>! the railed HfaU'-. \,i\ \. the
r eapl.un m ll'e sei \ lee, am! vho ^ di-p'aeed imm
In - portion on the active 1m, by the tare naval return^ hoaui.
Mr. STCJ \RT. I have noobjection tothe res-
olution if the Senator will strike out the last naif
of it. 1 a?i ee with the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Mai m)k\,J that whatever action was had displac-
ing oincors w<is the action of the Piesident of the
United States.
Mr. H ALE. Well, I will say "displaced by the
Preside)) ton the action of t he late i etn mg board.''
Mr. STUART. W<>uld it not he better to scnkc
out all that portion of the resolution >
Mr. HALE. Very well. I will modify if so as
to lead:
t-tJ, That the Cornr.utfce on I\\iva] Allans he in-
PtrU"'f d to uK'june and report to the Senate what ac'iou if
au\.-hotihi he taken h) to tiiatnle-t the appreeia
lion ;>y tiie eoniiDvot* tho gallant and im-i ikhioik services
<* Ciuiile> Stcwatt, oi the United til itJs Nuvj, the
ol ;«■ .u tiie bcrvice.
Tne resolution as modified was adopted.
Mr. CROWN. I ask leave to introduce a mi'U
resolution authorizing the President of the United
States to confer the title of admiral by brevet, for
eminent services.
Leave was granted, by unanimous consent; and
the joint resolution (S. No. 60) was read the first
time by its title.
Mr. BROWN. I am free to say that my object
in introducing this joint resolution is to give the
President of the United States an opportunity of
doing that which all of us are sure he will do with
great pleasure—confer the title of admiral upon
Commodore Stewart. I do not think there can
be any doubt that that will be his disposition.
This is a complete copy, mutatis mutandis, of the
resolution conferring the title of lieutenant general
upon General Scott. I think, immediately.upon
the proceedings of this day, that the most grateful
service we can render to the oldest commodore in
the service, who, all of us think, has been treated
harshly, would be to pass a resolution of this
sort, and give the President of the United States
an opportunity to nominate him at once—even
without the inquiry sought by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Sale,]—to the Senate as
admiral. The resolution, wiien read, will show
that it is limited to the lifetime of the single man.
With this#explanation, I hope the resolution will
be read through—it is very short—that the Sen-
ate may understand what it is.
The Secretary read the resolution, which pro-
poses to establish thegrade of admiral in theNavy
of the United States, in order that when, m the
opinion of the President and Senate, it shall be
deemed proper to acknowledge the eminent ser-
vices of a captain in the Navy, the grade of ad-
miral may be specially confened by brevet, and
by brevet only, to take rank from the date of
such service, but when the grade shall have been
once filled, and have become vacant., this resolu-
tion is to expire and have no efFcct.
Mi. IIROVVN. I certainly have no disposition
to insist on the consideration of-this joint resolu-
tion now, but if the Senate fee! in the same tem-
per that I do, they will pass it this evening.
' Mr. FEiSiSENDEN. 1 object to that bein^
done.
Mr. hitOWN, A single objection, of course,
passes it over. Then i give notice that I will, at
the earliest day after the holidays—of course I
cannot call it up to-morrow—call it up and ask
, l'or its consideration.
! Several Sfntators. Refer it.
! Mr. FESSEiN DEN. I objected to its consid-
! eration now simply for the lenson that I do not
I think a matter of so much importance should be
: sprung upon us and passed through m the present
; state of feeling here. It should be considered
i wisely and deliberately, like any other measure
j of importance.
! Mr. l5lt()YVN. It seems to me pioper, if we
I are ^onii? to defer the lesolution, to commit it to
j the Committee on Naval Allaire, to hu considered
by that committee in connection with the resolu-
1 tioii otl'ei ed by the Senator from New Hampshire.
! I move that it be referred to the Committee on
' Naval Allan's.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before that
i can be done the joint resolution must receive its
! second reading, which, at this time, requires
! unanimous consent.
i There being no objection, the joint resolution
; was read the second tune by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
i
| SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFICE.
' Mr. HALE. I present the following resolu-
tion :
Wieneas, the Senate, oa tli
The toiiovv na; te^elution. liaint I
! livsulvc,!. That the Pe« tmastei General be also requested
, to nii'ot tn the Henaic, at the same time, whethei lln-teare
oil the tile - ol tic I'o^t (Mace Depturmen? an} complaint-* of
nuuie.i -anee in oOtce, <>r vml.nton- of law. on the n.iitofthe
San Ftanei-eo ; ami, U -•<>, when the -ame weie
' n!ed, and m what in,inner tliev are substantiated, and ihe na-
tuie ol the i lunges, the -pecihc lection:* ot the law which
the aliened act-Mie m viol uion oi'. and what action, if any,
lm  been taken m i<3u<ird thereto;''
i And. oa the lOrltof June last, the following additional
! resolution, namely:
'• 7£<v>/i,r<y, That the Postmaster Gonial be requested to
transmit to fhe Senate the evidence of aiieired violations of
Jaw and maliea-.anee in office on the pait ofthe postmaster
1 at San F:dtici^co, and aKo the, papees aceoinpan>utg the
i same, filed ui the Po-t Office Dcpaitment on or about April
i ?j), I'-vT. Ai?o. al! cone-.-[iond,jnee with J. D Frv, the
1 spucial J2PUT Post Ofuce Department, m regard to any
1 alleged :aali'-a-auee on the pait of said postmaster j and
13th of Ma> Ian, adopted
especiaily, a copy of a letter addressed to said Fry, October
3,1855, and the leply tothe same; and also tile report made
by the said Fry. Al^o. letters in relation to the same fiom
   Van Bokkelin, E?-q., in 1856, and Messrs. Moore &
Folger in 1857, and copies ot all correspondence connected
therewith. Also, letters fiotn H. L. Goodwin in 1855, and
four letters from the same person, dated March 97, June
25, July 18. and July 25, 1857. Also, letters of C. L. Wei-
ler, dated September 1,1855, March 21,1856, and October
11, and 20, 1857 ; and that the Postmaster General inform
the Senate whether there is any information on the files of
the Post Office Departmentshowmg or ehargingtliat the in-
vestigation ordered to be made by J. D.Fry, was an ex parte
investigation «
And whereas the information called for in the first men-
tioned resolution, and the papers called for by the second
resolution have not been commumcatcd to the Senate :
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
transmit to the Senate, without timber delay, the informa-
tion and papers relating to the alleged malfeasance xn office
and violations of law, on the pait of the postmaster at San
Francisco, called for by the two abovementioned lesolu-
tions of this body, adopted May 13 and June 10, respect-
ively.
If the Senate will indulge me for a moment, I
shall ask for the consideration of this resolution;
and I will state that the call of the 10th of June,
to which it refers, was responded to by the Post-
master General on the 12th, only three days be-
fore the adjournment of Congress, and the reason
he assigned for not sending in the papers was, that
he did not know whether we wanted originals or 1
! copies, and he «aid that if we wanted copies he
i had not time then to make them. I have his let-
i ter before me, printed. The adjournment was so
! near at hand, that lie had not time then to prepare
| a full answer. I simply want now to call on him
I for those papers, and let him exercise his discre-
! tion as to soiidin^ originals or copies.
! Mr. STUART. I shall have no objection to the
i Senator's resolution on his own statement if he
changes us phraseology; but this resolution in its
preamble  ;oos to show that calls have been made
on the Postmaster General which he has disre-
garded. If the Senator will put it in the shape
of an affirmative resolution calling for the papers,
I shall make no objection to it.
Mr. FITCH. Let it go over
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion, and it goes over under the rules.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 22, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
; hy Rev. P. D. Guuluy, D. D.
| 'i'lie Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
, INTERIOR DEPARTMENT APPROPRIATIONS.
1 The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
! before the House a communication from theSec-
j retaiy of the Interior, transmitting^ statement of
■ batomvs of appropiiations standing to the credit
! of the Intel ior Department, amounts appropriated
; for the service ofthe fiscal year, transfer of ap-
| propriations, S:c., and also amounts cairied to
| the surplus fund; which was laid upon the table,
I and, with the accompanying papers, ordered to be
! printed.
OLD SOLDIERS' PENSION BILL.
The SPFjAKER stated the first question in or-
der to be on the passage of the House bill (No.
259) giantms; pensions to the officers and soldiers
j who served m the war with Great Britain of 3812,
I and those en^a^ed in Indian wars during that
i period, on which the pievious question had been
i ordered.
! Mr. SAVAGE Mr. Speaker, I see that many
! ofvthe members who are m favor of this bill have
, not yet arrived in the House, and to give them
, time to get here, I move, if it be in order, that
| theie be a call of,the House.
! The SPEAKER. .JThe Chair thinks that that
I motion is not now in order.
! Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that the
■ gentleman f^om Tennesspe desires to move that
t there be a call of the House, m order to give ab-
sent members a chance to get here; and as that
motion seems not to be in order, I suggest to him
that he will accomplish his purpose as well by
I getting the unanimous consent of the House that
i one hour shall be devoted to the reception of re-
! poits from committees.
I Mr- RITCHIE. X call for the regular order of
i business.
