1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
can go, and take his slave with him. Here is a
direct conflict between the Territory and the de-
cision of oar rights. But the Senator may say,
this, being unconstitutional, will be declared null
and void.°How much property may be destroyed
in the mean time, and how much property may
be run off by such men as Montgomery and
Brown, when they can declare J.hey are not sub-
ject to punishment, and not violating law, but
carrying out the provision of the law of their
own Territorial Legislature? They may ask,
have we not a right to legislate on our domestic
institutions in our own way? Most unquestion-
ably they may, so far as is consistent with the
Constitution and the rights of other persons.
Sir, if the enormities in Utah would justify in-
tervention, there may be cases affecting property
only in Kansas and other places that would jus-
tify Congress in intervention. I do not say what
kind of intervention. It may be the best policy
to follow the plan indicated by the Senator in his
Springfield speech; for he says first repeal the
charter, and then take your own course. That
may be best* but 1 do say that that Territory be-
longs to this whole Union; it has no element of
sovereignty—not the first elemeni ofabsolute sov-
ereignty; it is a people, organized, having only
such powers as we conferred upon it. Being sub-
ject to us, and subordinate to the Federal Consti-
tution, the moment we deem it proper we can
withdraw the charter by which it has been organ-
ized, and assume the jurisdiction toouiselves,
where the principles of the Federal Constitution
have vested it.
Again, the Senator says tint all legislative
power has been conferred uponihe people of that
Territory except certain specifications of reser-
vation— that no propei ty of the United States
shall be taxed, and the piopcrty of non-residents
shall not he taxed higher than the pioperty of
residents. Very well; let u.° examine that mat-
ter a little while. Unfriendly legislation, it is
said, will pi oh i In l slavei y. Llow will unfriendly
legislation do it? By taxation? The power to
tax is the power to impose equal burdens, and
for contributions for tin? support of the Govern-
ment. The power of taxation is not the power
of prohibition; it is not the power of destruction;
it is not the power to divert any channel of
business; but the power of taxation is nieiely a
simple, single power to impose buidens for the
support of iho Government. Hut let us examine
the other spc(fification of leset vation, No taxes
shall be imposed upon non-ievtdenfs highei than
upon a resident. .Suppo.se a i« sident in that Ter-
ritory owns horses, and they jire taxed at one
fifth of one per cent., which would be twenty
cents on the hundred dollars. They wish to keep
slaves outof the Territory. I am a non-resident.
Isend my negroes in there and hire them. They
tax them one per cent.,one dollar on the hundred,
i low p 13y unfriendly Icj.islntwn^dwd by taxation;
but tfie Kansas-Nebraska act says the property
of non-i esiden ts—it does not distinguish between
kinds of property—shall nnl be taxed higher than
the property of residents. AS y property, as a non-
resident, happens to be slave property. Your
property, as a lesident, happens to be land or
stock of some description. iNow, if such he the
ease, will not the Kansas-Nebraska act restrain
them from taxing the one higher than the other?
Yet it is said unfriendly legislation m taxation
could keep it out. Sir, to believe that the power
of taxation could be perverted to the destruction
of a man's riglus; to duvu bun fiom the enjoy-
ment of d constitutional privilege, would be to
suppose a case thatl should imagine, m my sim-
plicity, would meet, the condemnation of every
man. Is it a constitutional light to employ a
slave in Kansas ? is it a constitutional light to
hold slave property in uTenitoiy? Yes. If,
then, it be a constitutional right—and no power
is conferred upon the Ten itory except that winch
is constitutional; then they have no light to dis-
criminate for tile purpose of de.>coymg any con-
stitutional light,by unfi anally legislation.
I will relate the piopwMdon so as to be. ex-
plicit. It is a constitutional i ight to have slaves
in the Teintory. The terntniial powei is only
in confoimity to the constitution; therefore, if
the Tennory undei takes to do anything preju-
dicial to the enjoyment of these lights, it would
be null arid void, it may he said the court will
so declare it; but tiiat is not a sufficient answer.
The remedy may be inadequate. The legislative
and'exccutive power, in many cases, ought to be
exerted for the protection of persons and of prop-
erty, if there are enemies abroad and enemies
within.
Generally speaking, within our own limits we
can enforce the law. We have found m some few
instances, however, that it has been necessary to
resort to physical power. A resort to physical
power, in other cases, may become requisite in
the progress of events; but whether this docs oc-
cur or not, it is certain the legislative authority is
within the control of Congress, and is always
competent to the task. The mere fyct of the or-
ganization of a Territory carved out of the gen-
eral domain of the Union, does not make it lrre-
pealable. Is it not subject to repeal? Is it no
longer subject to the jurisdiction of Congress!
Has it become alienated so that we cannot reach
it? That is answered by the Sptingfield speech,
and answered by the common judgment of every
Senator in my hcanng. We know we have only
transferred authoiity for the time being, to let
them exercise it in their own way, because as a
local body we presumed they would know moie
of the wants and necessities of the Ten itory than
a foreign body ata great distance. Thia was done
as a mere matter of choice, not as a matter of
compulsory right and necessity, but as a matter
of propiiety. We have chosen to transfer the
privilege of legislative power for the time being, in
the Ten itory, over sueh btanchew as we thought
proper, and, to my imnil, without departing fiom
principle and witlioiu n violation of the charter,
we have the right to repeal the oigame act and
assume our ougtnal jurisdiction; and in any in-
stance where we see a peisistent effort to break
down tin' rights of any portion of the people of
the United States, it is the duty of Congress thus
to act. What is Congress for ? To make Pres-
idents ? To form political combinations? To build
up individuals? To attract the attention of the
world ? No. It is to administer the Constitutions
of the United States lor the protection of all, the
high and the low, the ruth and the poor, without
reference to condition. A man with his one slave
is as much entitled to protection as is a man with
his live hundred. A man with his one hoise—yes,
the widow with her small mite, is entitled to pro-
tection. In the States where sovereignty exists,
this protection is afforded by them. In the Ter-
ritones, where the only sovereignty is vested in
the Fedi ral Government, Congress must aff'otd
it if the Tcrritoiy does not. Foi our own con-
venience, we, for tine time being, transfer our le-
gislative privileges to a Territory; but if we do
it, we must keep a vigilant eye over them, and
the moment they fail to afford due measure of
justice and protection, we ought to intervene and
do it ouiselves.
The time has not yet come for it; but I am only
till owing out these suggestions m advance, be-
cause I do not wish the question forestalled. I
desire oui bt ethrcn of the North distinctly to un-
derstand that we never intend to touch a single
point in regaid to this matter, unless driven to it.
In regard to carrying out the Constitution, men
differ m their construction. With the policy of
the Government they differ. That difference of
opinion causes those entertaining the same views
mutually to associate together. Those who co-
incide form themselves into what is called a party.
They are formed into a party fiom necessity.
Intel est and necessity foini paities just as Gov-
ernments are foimed, and for the same purpose,
and to the same extent, because they arc useful
and powetful when conducted upon principles of
truth and of justice. And in thus forming par-
ties, fiom a coincidence of principles, for the pur-
pose of accomplishing the great ends of the Con-
stitution, never let it be supposed that a party is
to become subservient to personal cads. It it does,
u ceases to accomplish the object for which it was
bioughi into existence. It, is a party for ends;
ends foi the people; ends fur constitutional gov-
ernment, ends for the protection of private and
peiso.uil rights. These are the great purposes
contemplated when all paities are formed. Fac-
tion may exist, and cabals may exist, having in
view the accomplishment of personal ends only;
but paities, in the broad, national sense, only
exist with reference to the accomplishment of
national ends.
Now, sir, in these parties it has been my pur-
pose heretofore—I trust it ever will be hereafter
—never to throw m a firebrand to scatter, alien-
ate, divide, and enable the common enemy of us
all to conquer. It has ever been my purpose to
smother little impracticable differences of opinion
if the greatends can be the better accomplished.
If a mere abstraction, though it may, in the fu-
ture progress of the events, become a vital, living
issue, is presented, I will, if necessary, declare
my views upon it, just as I do this. There is
nothing now before us for legislation, and nothing
practical in the present question. It is the merest
! figment of a disordered brain, yet we are forced
| to stop and discuss it. It <vas thrust upon us by
I a common enemy. Will we permit it to injure
j ourselves ? Will wo permit a common enemy to
! make use of this figment to the destruction of the
| great purposes of the Democratic party ? I cannot
| assist in it. I will sacrifice all personal consider-
! ations for the good of that party of which I am
|! an humble member; and until we come to work by
jl majoilties, we will bo disappointed in our expect.-
|j ations. Yes, within the limits of the principles
and usages of the party, I will sacrifice to the will
i| of amujorityin all cases; and why? As necessity
| and interest bring us together in association as a
j body, just as governments are formed to accom-
;! plish that and to carry u out, so we must yield
i to the Democratic principle of majorities, or
i never accomplish anything. I could differ with
! every one on the floor of the Senate; and I have
no doubt, on some point or other, I do thus differ,
i Every other Senator present differs from others
■ oil some matter or other; yet in the great and lead-
ing purposes as declared m the Cincinnati plat-
form, we do agtee; at least I think so; and hence
!! we should not exhaust our strength and destroy
;! our power on theoretical problems.
ij Shall we, then, permit an enemy to throw in,
:| by injection, into the bill now under consider-
Ration, a subject-matter so delicatp, affecting the
South, where wc arc naturally sensitive ? The
[; North ought to have a little respect and a little
. consideration for the sensitive feeling of the
j Souih on this subject. The South ought also to
II remember that the North—yes, the North—have
|| a peculiar element to deal with there, which is
jl fanned and fed by fanaticism and pecuniary re~
11 ward. Let the two extremes each remember and
,j practice forbearance, trust, and confidence. That
j j sensitive feeling, which imagines we have been
!l insulted and wionged heretofore, is apt to prompt
j1 southern gentlemen to go into an extreme, and
■ give utteiance to a harsh expression, which, being
[, repeated, and rolled over and over again in the
i Noith, magnifies itself, until it becomes a huge
| mountain, to frighten women and children. So
ll with northern fanatics. They, too, say, down
with the slaveholder; let the Union perish; the
11 Constitution, or Bible, so far as connected with
■ \ slavery, are out covenants with hell. Such ex-
; piessions as these are made use of by the North;
and you find sensitive southern gentlemen firing
' up, and saying, let us draw the knife and cut the
I, bands of the Union, and separate at once and for
;; ever. No, my fiiends, no. I say no to the North
!; and to the South. Lot this ebullition of feeling
i' boil over, and exhaust or puiify itself. There
are principles of tiuth and justice yet embodied
in the great heart of the Democratic party, that
| will crush out these profitless differences, con-
centrate us power; and then the Union, through
j: thutpaity, will be secuie, and our rights will be
,j protected.
|1 Air. President, I shall not enlarge upon this
| subject at this late hour of the session. I have
|i not said one half that I ought to say; but 1 yield
!f the floor.
Ii Mr.GWIN. Mr. President •
;• Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator fromCal-
: lforma will allow me the floor.
'| Air. GWIN. I shall not occupy five minutes.
;; Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have been assailed very
severely by tluec Senatois.
I Air. GWIN. Well, I yield you the floor,
ji Mr. DOUGLAS. I am sorry, Mr. President,
to occupy the time of the Senate on this question
i at this late period of the session. I have the con-
■ solation to know thatl am not responsible for its
; introduction. It came first from the Committee
1 on Finance, m an amendment to the appropriation
j of §20,000 to take a census to bring Kansas into
■; the Union if she shall have the requisite population
according to the English bill. Secondly, by the
