1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the pending pension
bill.
Air. JOiSES, of Tennessee, To give gentle-
men time to get here, I move that the House ad-
journ; and on that motion demand the yeas and
nays.
fhe yoas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COMINS. I would suggest that instead
of consuming time in that way, we devote half
an hour to the reception of bills and resolutions,
ot which previous notice has been given.
•The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness has been called for.
Mr. COMINS. Perhaps the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his objection.
Mr. RITCHIE. No, sir; I cannot.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 11, nays ISO; as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs BjUmghurst, Rii-s. Garf^tt, Hatch,
Keitt, McQueen, Moft," Nichols., Judson W. Sherman, I
George Tajior. and Wilson—J1. I
NAYri—Mt.sj&rs. Abbott, Adiain, Ah], Anderson. An- 1
drews, Arnoi.i, Atkins, Avery. fcaiksdale. Bmaham. BMiop, ,
Blair, iJonham. Bowje, Boyce, Brand), Xhayton. Bu/hmcw, i
Burhriparuc. Huuien, Burns, Oaruther-, Cue, Ca-kio, i
GAVdiidu^h, ChartVe, Chapman. Ezra Clark, John B Clark, '
Clawi-on, Clay, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane. John Cochrane, .
CockeifP, Col mx. Comma. Corning, Covode,Cia;mi. Jame  1
Craig. Button Craiije. Crawiord. Cimy, Curt?-. DaVid-on, !
Davj-s oi Man land, Davi< of Indiana, Dnvi« of Mi^is^ppi, |
Davw of Md-sachusetts, Dawe^, Dean. Dick. Dodd. Dow- j
deli, Durfee. Hdie, Elliott, En<rh>h, Farn>>\votth. Faulkner, 1
Feuton. Florence. Foley, Foster. Gaitrel). Gid'dines Gd- j
man, Gtlmei, Goode, Granger. Giectiwood, Gre^'Ciogo- I
beck, Grow, Lawienze W. Hall, Robert B. Hall"'Harlan, s
Ila^kin, Hawkins. Hoard. Hopkins, Horton, Hoa>ton. FIww- ;
aid, Hushes, Uuylcr, Jackson, Jenkins, Jowvtr. Genr^ \V. ;
.Tories, Owen Junes. Kenn. Kellofr". Kel&ey, Knapp, John '
C. KunkH. Lawrence, Leach. Leidv, Leiter. Leu-hei, 1
Lovejoy, Maclav, Humphrey Mar-hail, Samuel S. Mar- ■
t-hali. Majnaid, Millar, MilUon, Moore, Morgan, |
Morrill, Edwaid Joy .Morn.., i>aac N. Morns. Freeman II. ;
Morse, Murra\. Nihhick, Palmei, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit. }
Peyton, John S. Phelps,'William VY. Phelps. Phillips Pike,' !
Potter, Pottle, Powell, Purvianee, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, !
Ricaud, Ritchie, Rohlnn.s Roberta, Royce, Savage. Scale's, ;
Scott, Seaim?. Stu ard, Henry AX. Shan, John Sheiman, !
Singleton. Robeit Smith, Spinner. Stalhvorth, Stanton, '
Stephen®. Stevenson, Jame* A. Rtewatt.William Stew art. i
Talbot, Tappan. Mile> Tajlor, Thayer. Thompson,Temp- 1
km?, Ttippii. Underwood.'Vdiico, Wade, Walbnds*', Wal- ■
dron, Waltoij, \Yatd, Cadwalader C. Washburn, E'lihu B. j
Wa-4sbume, I>tad Y\"a-hhi rn. Watkins, White, Whstelev, !
W;iisiow, Woodsou, Woitenuyke, John V. Wnght, and
Zolhcoil'er—ISO. |
So the House refused to adjourn. j
Pending the call, (
Mr. KEITT said: Mr. Speaker,! usually vote !
against adjournments, hut as the gentleman from '
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] makes a motion for ad-
journment, to nccommodate him, although he will ,
not vote for it himself, I will vote in the affirmative. 1
Mr. BURNETT said: 1 ask the unanimous ,
consent of the House that the reading of the ;
names be dispensed with, because the purpose of;
the Gentleman from Tennessee has been accom-
plished, and there is now no necessity for further
consumption of time.
There was no objection, end the reading of the ;
roll was dispensed with; and the vote was an- ;
nounced as above recorded. ;
The question recurred on the passage of the i
bill. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
The question was taken*, and it was decided m ;
the affirmative—yeas 130, nays 74; as follows: j;
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Adtam, Ahl. Anderson. An-
drews, Arnold, Atkins Avery, Bennett, Bin :iuun, Bifhop. ' j
I'uvwe, Uiayton, Buffinton, Burhugame, Burnett. Hums,
Caiutiiei Case, Cavanaugii, Cnailee, Jizia Clark, John B. 1 j
C5.uk, dawson, Clay, Cobb, Clark B. Coclnane, John
Codnane, Cockeull. Coliax, Comms, Ccniing, Covode,
<\>k, Ciatria. James Craig, Curtis. Davidson, Davis of In-
diana, Dav.^ of Massachusetts, Dawes. Dean. Dick, Dim-
iMi'-k. DuitVe. Ldic. Elhott. English, Famsworth, Flor- ,
eno". Foley, Fy-tei, Gartiell, Guldmgs, Gjlmer, Goodwin, !•
Gi.mp r, Gtcjipf. li.iwtence W. Hall, Harris Uftskina Hatch,
Haw km<. Hoard, Hopkins. Hughes, Jhiylev, Jewett. Uvven
Jones, Kctm, Iveilocg, Kelst1}, Kiicore, Knapp, John O.
Kuuki'K Lawitricc, Leidy, Humnhrev Marshall,Samuel S.
M.u-iiaU, Ma-oiu Mavii.ud, Monill. Ldward Jov Moirts,
Kran X. Monii. Xibha-k, Pahuer. P.ukcr. Pemt, Peyton,
Piitllo, poweU. ruivni.'.er. Ready, Reilly, liioaud, Bobbins,
Rob,-its Ilojop.Rus-rll. S:tva^e. Scott, Si-aun^.John Sher-
man. Jud-on . Sherman. Shorter. Ruljeit fiintli. sauiucl
A Smith. Spinih'I . St.unoti, Stevenson. Juiud A. Stewart,
William StcwaU. T.dbnt, 'i'appan, 'i'haypt, Thoinp-on,
Tonipkn^, Trjpjn1. I n.b i W(md. Vaneo, WaJdron,^ aUen,
Wai.l.Watlv'iis While, Wii-on, Wood&on, John V. Wnght,
and XniheoU'M—-I.u).
N.\Yri-~• Baik-da!o. Bilhn-rhinf't, Bli^*. Bocock.
Buiim.i.iu Bin ec. B;an<-h. l rv«ui. Ca-kic, Cliapiiian, Ilonicu
F Bunon C.a'i."'. Crawiord. Curry, Davis of Maty-
lam1. Daviv of I)a\i- of Iowa. l)o«M. Dowdell,
F< nton, Giunett, Gdman, Goode, Greenwood.
Giuc-beek, Grow, Hailan, Hill, Uorton, Houston, Uov ard,
I Jackson, Jenkins Gforgo W. Jone?. Kent. Leach, Lwer
i Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclav, McGlueen, Miles, Miller, MiH-
' f-on, Moore. Morgan, Pjeernan II. Morse. Mott, Murray,
t Nichols, John 8. Phelps, William W, Phelps, Phillips, Pike'
i iteapan, Ritchie, Sandidgc, Scale?, Seward, Henry m
' Shaw, Singleton, Willian} Smith. Stailwortb, Stephens,
Miles 1 avlor. Wad p. W lhnil«ro # Iddufitadiiv (' lA/nri-, k
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call,
Mr. BARKS DALE stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Vallandigham, and that he was
opposed to the bill, while the gentleman from
Ohio was in favor of it.
I Mr. BLAIR stated that he had paired off with
i Mr. Eustis. He would have voted against the
bill.
; Mr.^POTTER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Montgomery, otherwise he would have
J voted in the negative.
j Mi. CASKIE said: Mr. Speaker, I wish to
j make a statement to the House. "When my name
! was called, I was accidentally in the lobby, and I
! ask the House that I may, by unanimous con-
| sent, he allowed to vote. I perhaps would not
' moke the request, were it not that a gentleman
; from Pennsylvania [Mr. Disimick] who votes on.
I the other side, is in precisely the same situation,
i SAVAGE. 1 hope that both gentlemen
will be allowed to cast their votes. There will be
no change of the result.
There was no objection; and both gentlemen,
Messrs. Caskie and Dimmick, cast their votes as
above recorded.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, statod that to
accommodate the gentleman from Mississippi,
Mr. Bahksd\le, he had agreed to pair off with
Mr. Vallandigiiam, to allow him (Mr. B.) to
vote on ihc pending proposition.
Mr. GREENWOOD stated that his colleague,
Mr. "WapiRkn, was detained from his s^at bv ill-
ness, and that if he were present lie would "vote
in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
cm ded.
Air. SAVAGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also movfd to
Jay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
The title of the bill was adopted.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the title of the bill
was adopted, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the tabic; which latter motion
was agreed to.
HIRAM POWERS.
Mr. "WIXSLO W. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table and put on its passage, a bill of the Senate,
(No, 473,) which came here yesterday, to author-
ize the President to make advances of money to |
Hiram Powers. i
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does this bill come j
up as a matter of course? If not, I object to it. |
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gbiitleman will hear i
it read, I do not think he will object. J
Mr. SMITH, ofVtrgmia. 1 will hesv it read, j
The bill was read. It authorizes the President ;
to make such partial payments m advance, as he i
shall see fit, out of the money heretofore appro- ;
priated by law, to enable the President of the :
United States to contract with Hiram Powers for j
certain statuary.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have no objec- \
tion to that. I
Mr. SEWARD. I object. i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. *1 move that the j
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve ;
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state ,
of the Union. Before, however, that motion is
put, I desire to have an oider made that when the ;
House m Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union shall consider the pension appropria- i
tion bill and the Military Academy bill, the debate !
gpon those bills shall be confined to the subject- !
matter under consideration; but I do not wish this j
hereafter to be quoted as a precedent m tin* rules n
regulating debate in the Committee of the Whole li
on the state of the Union. When those two bills ]|
shall be disposed of in committee, Iproposc to call i|
up the Piesident's annual message, upon which
general debate can take place as to the subject- ij
matters embraced ill it. h
Mr. SMITH of Virginia. I desire to suggest j)
, to the gentleman from Missouri, that we are now
about to take a considerable recess, and if billss
now in the hands of members, are referred to the
appropriate committees before we take the recess,
perhaps in that way business will be facilitated.
If the gentleman will give us fifteen minutes for
the purpose of introducing bills for reference, a-
great deal may be effected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That can be done
to-morrow ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Why not to-day ?
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. Well, sir, I ask
that the order be made restricting the debate upon
the two Wis jvhich I have indicated.
Mr. GHDW.'X understand the gentleman to say
that he intends to call up the President's annual
message as soon as those biils are disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I expectto call
up the President's annual message immediately
thereafter.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, t desire to
give notice that to-morrow, or some future day
I shall ask leave to introduce a bill laying du,
ties on a certain class of imports, and so amend-
atory of the present tariff, as to furnish increased
revenue to the Treasury, and proper protection to
the labor and industry of the country.
M. HOUSTON. £ object to anything out of
order. I object to notices of bills except under
the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is the only way in
which notice can be given, if objection is made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Would it be in
order to move that half an hour be assigned for
the reception end reference of bills?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I ask the
unanimous consent of the House.
^Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to make
another inquiry. There are a number of bills on
the Calendar, in the Committee of the Whole on
, ilie siate of the Union, standing over from last
j session. Is not this a motion to postpone those
j bills indefinitely ?
| Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Oh, no; these are
I appropriation bills.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to take up
j the bills on the Calendar, m thejr order.
i Mr. MOtUUS, of Illinois. I wish to make a
i suggestion to my friend from Missouri. He
moves to-day, as he lias done on two or three
: preceding days, to go into the Committee of the
; Whole on the state of the Union for the purpose
| of disposing of two certain bills, and then taking
; up the President's message, with a view of having
I it appropriately referied.
! Now, sir, we have agreed that we will adjourn
over foi the space of twelve days, and hence no
j regular day will arrive for three weeks on which
j an opportunity will be afforded for the introduction
| of bills. I think it, therefore, only fair and right
| that the gentleman from Missouri should allow
J gentlemen to have an opportunity of introducing
! bills on a call of the States: and I appeal to him *
j to do it before he asks the House to go into the
j committee.
j Mr. PHELPS,x>f Missouri. I will say to the
1 gentleman that the regular order of business beiag
! called for, it would not be in order to introduce
i bills to-day,
! Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That is very true;
; but gentlemen might obidin Irave to introduce
bills. But according to the plan of the gentleman
I ftoui- Missouri, all business except that in which
i he is interested as chairman of the Committee of
j Ways and Means is to be excluded, for no one
; will pretend that if wc take up the President's
! message with a view to its reference, as the frcntlc-
man has avowed his purpose of asking the House
to do, we can do anything else either to-day or
to-morrow or for the next month.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let me say that
it will depend on the wish of a majority of the
House whether we go into the CommiUee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to-morrow or not.
I desire that the committees shall be called for re-
ports to-morrow, and I shall have no objection to
the introduction of bills.
Mr. MORRIS, of IUuiols. The call of the com-
mittees for the reports will afford no opportunity
for the introduction of bills.
