1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
Senator from Now Hampshire, in his amendment
to repeal the restrictive clause of the Rnglish bill;
and thirdly, from the Senator from Mississippi,
in his very able speech, directed against the posi-
tion which it is we!! known I have occupied be-
foie the country. I can do no less than reply to the
speech of the Senator from Mississippi, together
with several others of similar tenor, all aimed very
pointedly at myself, and each one of them denounc-
ing my position. Tliey seem to regard every man
as no better than an Abolitionist, who advocates
-non-intervention by Congress with slavery in the
Territories, and wishes to leave that question,
like all other matters of domestic concern, to the
decision of the Territorial Legislature, with the
right of appeal to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States by any person who thinks the terri-
torial enactments repugnant to the Constitution
of the United States. Why do they not carry
out their principles of congressional intervention,
by introducing a bill to annul the obnoxious ter-
ritorial enactments, and substituting a congres-
sional slave code in their place? !
The Senator from Missouri tolls us in debate, !
that the Territory of Kansas, has passed a tern- ;
tonal act abolishing anil prohibiting slavery in I
that Territory. When will he ever have a better j
chance to test his doctrine than by a bill now to !
repeal that law? If you are ever going to carry j
out your doctrine of intervention, now is your
time. The Senator says the time has not come
for Congress to intervene. If it has not come I
when tliey abolish slavery and set your slaves
free, when will it come ? For what pmpose do ,
you wait? When are you going to become in-
dnrnant at this flagrant violation of your lights,
and demand the intervention of Congress, if yon
do not now, when your slaves are manumitted ?
Are you going to wait until after the presidential
election in 18G0? Now is the time, and here the
cause, if you ever intend to intervene! I shall
think there is 110 political movement 111 these fierce
attacks on me when I sec Senators practice what
they profess, by bringing 111 a bill to repeal tuat
Kansas act, abolishing slavery, and then fi lends
vote for it. The public will not be satisfied with
the justice of these violent assaults on me for
my opposition to congressional intervention, un-
less those a-ho make them cai ry out their avowed
principles when so aggravated a case is presented.
"When will the time Tor congressional interference
come, if manumitting all your slaves and confis-
cating yout property does not constitute sufficient
cause lor prompt action?
1 do ii"t say that an act of confiscation is con-
stitutional; I tio not say that the Teiritoiidl Legis-
lature has any such power. To confiscate prop-
city iS one thine, to -an it, to regulate it, is another
tiling, and yet it as not to be denied that taxation,
regulation, maybe so exercised as very nearly to
destroy it. What I do say is, that, under the law
ou;ai!iznig Kansas Temtory. it is provided that
the light of appeal exist; d to the Supreme Court
of the United States. The understanding was,
that if the territorial laws wcie constitutional,
tliey would stand; ii they weie unconstitutional,
they would become void by the act of being un-
constitutional. JN'ow, if the act confiscating that
pioperty, emancipating those slaves in Kansas,
is uiicoiibiitutioiial, or 111 violation of the organic
act, take it to the Supreme Court of the limted
Suii.-s, and have it annulled. Teat is the remedy
pio\kh'd 111 the JCansns-Ncbraska act. It is the
K'niedy wh.rh you agieed to pursue, when you
voted for the repeal ot the Missouri compromise
act. You agreed to do it by the Cincinnati plat-
form. You are pledged by your political cteed
to appeal to the courts, but never to Congress, foi
ri di'ess in such eases. 1 am prepared to stand by
the pledge. The Senator fiom Mississippi [Mr.
Dams] says, if I am not Milling to stand 111 tno
pal ty on hn platform, 1 can go out. Al'ow me
to inform 1)1111 that 1 stand on the phuforni, and
thos" that jump oil' musi go out of the party.
ILaee'liter iuid applause in the galiein-s.]
1 rs'i,e PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Versos
in the chair.) The Chair will have the galleries
cleaned if a single demonstration of the kind is
repeated. .
Ml- DOUGLAS. It is for those to quit who
cannot ab.de by 1 he faith. It is for those toVavo
who cannot eairv out ihe principle to which our
„M'|V is 111cvoML.lv eommnied. 1 have no idea
of leaving. I intend to stand here ill my place,
for the next six years, battling for those princi-
ples to which so much of my life has been de-
voted, and to which I am ready to devote the bal-
ance; those principles as they are recorded in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and as they are affirmed
by the Cincinnati platform, and reiterated by Mr.
Buchanan in his letter accepting the Cincinnati
nomination.
I have shown you, sir, that, by the Kansas act
and the Cincinnati platform, non-intervention with
slavery in the Territories by Congress was de-
clared to be a fundamental principle of the party;
and now I am assailed because I will not inter-
vene in violation of the creed. No man denies
that.non-intervention is the fundamental article
of the creed; but I am threatened with excommu-
| nication if I do not intervene. Would it not be
i more becoming in those who assail me to show
' their sincerity by offering an amendment to this
] bill repealing the act of the Kansas Le^islatuie
j for the manumission and confiscation of all the
1 slaves in Kansas? The Senator from Mississippi
: said that this petty controversy in Congress about
! the different kinds of property in the Territories
; did nor become us. I agree that it does not become
| the American Senate to have a petty controversy
i about the rights of property m the Territories.
: Let us stand by the principle of non-intervention,
! which banishes it from the Halls ot Congress,
■ throws it back to the people of the States and
' Territories, and we shall have none of these petty
: squabbles or controversies about property.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely say to the Senator that
1 if he intends to quote me, I said no such thing.
! Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course I stand eoirected. j
I took down what T understood to be the Sena- :
1 tor's words at the time. I quoted them as I took !
them down. Of couise, I stand corrected upon j
that point. i
Mr. DAVIS. I would be willing: to give the >
Senator what my view is, if lie wishes to have it '
■ now. !
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator wishes to give l
it, ceitamly 1 am willing to hear it. j
Mr. DAVIS. The petty controversy to which i
■ I referred, was not a squabble as to whether this
■' particular species of pioperty should be carried
into the Territory or not, buta stjuabblc by which
men seek to build up a political reputation by ca-
j teung to the prejudice of a majouty to exclude
! tile property of the minority. It is that upon
j which I set my heel with scorn and indignation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And with not moie scorn
l than I despise to see men fiom other sections of
: the Union pandei ing to a public sentiment against
' what I conceive to be common rights under the
' Constitution. I am willing that he should enter-
tain his views, and I will entertain mine. Sir,
' it is not for each man to judge the motives of
others. I do not impeach the motives of the Sena-
■ tor from Mississippi. It does not become him to
■ impeach the motives of others. I am discussing
a principle here, a principle that has received the
solemn pledge of the party, to which we both be-
i long, to carry out.
,! The Senator from Mississippi has said, that if
! any man holding those opinions is the candidate
1 of the party for'~Piesulent, he cannot leeeive his
1 support. The Senator fi om Vngima [Mr. Mason]
j said, any man holding those opinions cannot
i receive the support of a southern State.
Ii Let us see about that. If a man holding those
' opinions cannot receive the support of the south-
! ■ em Democracy, then that Democracy has changed
! amazmgly. Ten years ago, General-Cass was (he
■' nominee of the Demoeiatic party. He was the
! champion of this doctrine m lis bioadest and
most unrestricted sense, as explained m nisNich-
' olson letter; and what southern Democi atic State
1 voted against him as such nominee ? Mississippi
1 gave him her vote. Virginia gave him her vote.
' Old Virginia now boasts that her escutcheon has
never been tarnish* d by abandoning the tr.ne-
i, honored principle of the national, Staie-ughn,
I Democratic party. The southern Dumouauc
' Status have, to a man, sustained the candidate ot
" the party on these principle. They must change
I' their hue of policy, if notth.-ir principles, before
; they can oppose Democrats tor entei taming these
i doctnnes. .
i. I make no pledges upon this point, i have not
said to those SenaWs that I will vote for no man
,. that does not agiee with me in ail things, i do
ii not intend to say any such tiling. I iioiu the con-
trol of my own action. I do not expect any presi-
dential candidate to agree with me in all things.
I do not say that I will not support a man for
President who goes for protective tariffs and spe-
cific duties. I "do not say that I will not support
a man who goes for a bankrupt law. I do not
say that 1 will not vote for a man who, in my
opinion, has violated some cardinal principles of
the party. I may be compelled, as a choice of
evils, to support such a man. But when I find
that Kansas has passed these laws emancipating
slaves, and the time has not come for southern
men to assert the right, as the Senator from Mis-
souri tells us, when will it ever come, if such an
act does not make cause for intervention-  *
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator quotes me, I
hope hi; will quote me correctly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I told him and the Senate dis-
tinctly, that Kansas had passed an act declaring
that from and after the passage of that act, slavery
should cease in Kansas. This was the informa-
tion received, whether reliable or not I did not
know, and do not know to-day. We cannot act
on the mere rumors we get, or telegraphic dis-
patches. If wc arc statesmen, we must act on
facts, and not unon mere convictions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I lake it for granted, then,
that when the Senator gets authentic information
that Kansas has passed such a law as that, he will
bring in a bill.
Mr. GREEN. The moment they undertake to
take away the slave property now in Kansas, if we
cannot protect them without that, I will biing in
a bill, and shall expect the vote of the Senator on
the principles he advocated in regard to the Utah
bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, sir, one word about
the Utah bill When I demanded the reading of
my remarks on the subject of Utah, did they show
that I proposed to intervene or tepcal the organic
act because of polygamy or of Mormonism ? Not
a word of it. I showed that the information be-
fore us led us to beheve that they were in a state
I of rebellion, defying the authority of the United
I States, and in alliance with the Indian tribes;
I and, if that was true, I argued that we ought to
i repeal the organic act, because they were alien
enemies and outlaws; not on account of their re-
ligion; not on account of their domestic institu-
tions; I never expressed any opinion as to what
we ought to do in regard to their domestic insti-
tutions; but I would repeal that act, because th^y
weie in a state of rebellion, defying the authority
of the United States. The Senator said I had no
information of that fact. Whether my informa-
tion was reliable, or not, I placed my action on
that ground. 1 stated that I had such informa-
tion as led me to beheve it to be true; and, m a
few days afterwaids.the Presidentconfirmed that
information by ordering an aimy tin re, at the
cost of fifteen or twenty million dollars, to put
down the very rebellion of which I was speaking.
Pretty good evidence to lead us to suspect that
there might bo a rebellion! The Senator thinks
I had not information enough to justify me in
making a speech; but the Piesident had plenty to
justify^him in sending an army; and when ins
army'got theie they found there was a lebelUoti.
It was on the ground of rebelhon^alone, ot re-
sistance to the authority of the United States,
under the circumstances, which rendered it wise
to piotect p"rsons and property under the law
winch provich h for the punishment of crimes m
the unoi gam zed territory, w lie re the United States
has exclusive jurisdiction, that I proposed to re-
peal the organic act of Utah; but not to intervene
and lepcal their territonal enactments while the
organic act was m existence.
I reneat again, men Must come to one of two
positions, and there is none othei; cither property
is to be protected in those Temtoiies by the ter-
ritonal laws, with the right of appeal to the bu-
pieme to test their constitutionality, oi by
the intervention of Congiess. Every man who is
not. for congressional intervention occupies my _
position, ft is either congressional intervention
or leaving all propeity (slaves included) to_ the
courts, and such laws as the Territorial Legisla-
ture may constitutionally enact for the pioteetion
of propel ty. There is no middle giound, and
there can be none. I do notpruend to detenmno
the constitutional!ty or the unconstitutionality of
the local laws passed by the Legislature. Hiat
