1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
expenditure for the pay of the officers. If the
members of the committee will look at it, it is
headed " estimates for pay of the Military Acad-
emy, subsistence of officers, and such allowances
in lieu of forage and clothing as may be drawn in
money, for the year commencing July I, 1859,
and endmg June 30, I860." There arc embraced
in it estimates for the pay of the officers and ca-
dets, while it does not embrace estimates for the
support of the horses or for the ordnance men
stationed there. It does not embrace the expend-
itures necessary for lighting, or for fuel, and a
hundred other incidental expenses connected with
the Military Academy. I called the attention of
the committee to the fact that there was an in-
crease in the amount to be appropriated this year
for the pay of officers and cadets at the Military
Academy, rendered necessary by a provision in-
corporated in the Army appropriation billforthis
year. And this is the full explanation.
Mr. Chairman, as I was remarking, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, at the commencement of the
last session of Congress, submitted an estimate for
the support and maintenance of the Military Acad-
emy during the fiscal year, amounting'to §10^,804.
The Committee of Ways and Means of the hist
Congress, as well as Congress itself, rcdueed that
amount and appropriated only §109,356. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend to
this House to appropriate the sum of £180,884 for
the support and maintenance of that institution.
The largest item of increase of expenditures is in
consequence of the repairs to be made about the
building, which are represented as necessary for I
the preservation of the property of the Govern- :
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the expense of grad-
uating a cadet at the West Point M.litary Acad-
emy? :
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The pay of each |
cadet is thirty dollars per month. j
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the cost, the aggre- j
gate cost, of graduating; a cadet ? j
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have not insti- i
tuted any comparison of the number graduated in
each year; although there may be a large class en- |
tered, yet in consequence of want of proficiency j
in studies and failure to keep up to the standard |
maintained there; or, in other woids, when the j
students are unable to pass their examinations, !
they are compelled to leave the institution or take i
a position in an inferior class, and m consequence
of dismissals for misconduct and for other rea- ;
sons,, and resignations, the average number of j
graduates each year is much reduced. I have an j
impression that the average number winch grad- j
nates each year is forty; ranging from forty to !
forty-five. I may be mistaken, but that is my !
recollection. _ !
Mr. LOVEJOY. I see an item for forage in ;
the sixteenth line, and a similar item in the twen-
ty-fourth line. What is the distinction between j
th em ? i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That embraced
in the lines from the fifteenth to the nineteenth is |
for the forage of the animals employed about the
institution for the performance of work; and the
forage mentioned below, in the twenty-fourth (
line, is for the horses kept there for the instruc-
tion of the cadets m cavalry and artillery practice. ,
That is the reason for the introduction of the sep- I
arate items. 1
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, it ia not my j
purpose to oppose this bill. I rise to call atten- j
tion to this prominent fact, that while gentlemen ;
were so scrupulous in granting a small pension ;
to men who fought for the country, without in- j
stiuetion m the art of war, and without expense :!
to the Government for their education, it is now i|
proposed to make appropriations to educate your j
young men ma nnhtarv academy, m order that
they may do what the veterans ot our wars have ,j
already done. We are appropriating from the j
funds of tin- nation for that purpose-, and I wish ;i
It to understood that 1 am not finding fault i|
with the House. The West Point institution is "
a part of the military system of the country. l.ut ;
I want gentle.mm to understand that we me pay- :
ing tin si-cadets thirty dollars a month tnienrn
the trade of fighnn^, which 1 hed to leeru wi;,hour
any sueb teaching or inducements. 1 want the -
gi-otli iiini who weie so scrupulous.yesterday to
understand that now they are putting their hands .1
into the Treasury of the United States, lor the ,
purpose of maintaining one of the institutions '. appropriate for me to appeal to the gentleman
necessary to our military system, to educate and j from Ohio to make a stand here. The rule appli-
suppoit men \v n: e they are being educated to cable to this caseis obsta prindpiis. He is opposed,
fight, instead of for services in the wars. ;j he informs us, to the whole military system; and
It is not my purpose, as I have said, to com- • : yet to-day he voted to inaugurate a military pen*
mence any attack upon this bill. I rise for the sion system which is opening a sluice-way ipto a
purpose of calling the attention of gentlemen of jj measureless and bottomless ocean of expenditure
all parties to the great prominent fact that now Jj and corruption. Wewererightonthevery thresh-
stands in the history of the country, that we are !; old of that system, and he had the power (for
abusing the powers vested m us, in appropriating 1 ♦' ••-— "*• - •
vast funds of the nation for the purposes of war-
fare when war is no part of our institutions, and
no part of our business. Our mission is one of
peace; ours is a mission of equity; of unostenta-
tious, just, and righteous government; not a mil-
itary government; for, sir, the founders of our in-
stitutions never contrfhiplated any standing army,
or the appropriation of money with the view to
teach our citizens how to fight. I.-call the atten-
tion of my friends particularly to the fact that for
there were more than fifteen or twenty votes stand-
ing behind that venerable gentleman) to defeat the
whole thing, as I honestly believe. And more
than that; I believe that if we had voted by ballot,
and voted the honest sentiments and convictions
of our minds, that bill could not have got fifty
votes in this House. [Laughter, and approval.]
Amf now, sir, I want to state, as 1 had no op-
portunity of doing so before, that this bill (to
which reference has been made) was discussed
,, here for about a week, and all sorts of hifalutin
the purpose of maintaining our military system, |j and humbuggery frisked around the Hall here,
we ore now called upon to vote—not to pay men
for service rendered, but to teach men for future
service. Soon, too, we shall be called upon to
make appropriations for our fortification system,
which 1 unhesitatingly pronounce the greatest
humbug of the age in which we live. It is a
throwing away of money for nothing; throwing
away money to make ourselves ridiculous in the
coming time; forlet me say that twenty-five years
hence, these fortifications will be looked upon as
the towers upon the Rhine, and will be about as
useless. And I fear that my friends who were
so scrupulous in voting yesterday, will vote for
those fortifications.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to appeal
to the gentleman from Ohio not to indulge in that
line of remark which will lead to general debate
upon this bill; because 1 propose, if this bill shall
be disposed of to-day, to call up the President's
annual message, on which there.caii be unlimited
debate.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want the gentleman to un-
derstand that I am not debating the bill at all. I
am debating other matters. |
Sir. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the j
gentleman to postpone any such remarks until we j
take up the President's annual message. j
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no idea of discussing j
the bill; but I want to have our friends under- !
stand that wo are just entering on a system which '
is to occupy our attention during the greater part j
of the session—the system of appropriating mo- I
ney for the Army and Navy. I am opposed to j
that system. !
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to inquire of the gen- 1
t'eman from Ohio if he believes such appropna- i
tions to be riL'ht? I
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not. 1
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then, how can he seek to
on the old crutches of the old soldiers of tho
war of 1819, just like boys on a broomstick; and
then, after a week or so of such discussion, the
work of the Committee of the Whole House was
all laid aside, and the moment the matter comes
into the House, in pursuance to a caucus ar-
rangement, a new bill is sprung upon us, with-
out discussion, without amendment, and without
an opportunity fordiscussion or amendment. Tho
previous question was voted upon us, and we are
(.ut through without a word, [Laughter.] That is
the way, sir, this new system of military expend-
iture was managed, involving now, and in the
future, tho expenditure of countless millions; and
it is sought to be justified now on the ground that
other expenditures, equally wrong, and equally
erroneous, are proposed by the Government.
Sir, i will vote with the gentleman against this
| Military Academy bill, except to a limited extent.
[ I will vote against every military bill that looks
i to a standing Anny, and huge naval estublish-
; ments. That is good theology, is it not ? [Laugh-
1 tor.] It is Christianity as well as theology. But I
I do not wish now to occupy tho time of the com-
! mittee. I always must deeply regret that this
| pension bill should have passed, and should have
j received the votes of gentlemen who gave it their
I support. There may be a popular furor in its
| favor, but my deep conviction—as deep as that of
- my being—before God i^*that the bill is wrong
j m principle, and will prove ruinous in its opera-
| tion.
1 Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to say one word in
! reply to my friend. I want to correct a mistake
| that he has fallen into, as to this pension bill
inaugurating a new system. That system was
' inaugurated m 1^.18; and, from that tlay to this,
! we have maintained and kept it up. We have
, not commenced pensioning for the service of J813
justify one wrong appropriation by another which !' yesterday or theday before. Wehave long since
is not liiiht ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am glad that I can instruct
my reverend friend, [laughter,] and 1 will do it
with the greatest pleasure. Sir, when we adopt
a system, 1 will deal out that system with an even
hand; and if the money of this Government is to
go for military purposes, I .will give as much to
those who have fouirht as to those who never
fought. That is my theology. [Laughter.] I
will do justice to those of the past as well as those
of the present and of the future. Why, sir, Con-
gress squandered upon General Scott—a man for
whom I have great respect—$30,000 while he
was drawing §0,000 a year from the Treasury.
Sir, I can point to men in my own district, who
are not worth one hundred dollars, who fought
as gallantly and patriotically as ever General Scott
did. They were soldiers, and God foibid th.if. I
should ■. -1 the soldiers when the money of the
nation i- being poured out upon generals. My
desire l - to do equal justice to all.
. right.
That is no theology at all.
Mr. LGVEJO\
wrongs do not make
Mr. GIDDINGS.
[Laughter.]
Air. LOVEJOY. Why, sir, General Scott and
General Cass are pensioners under the very lull
we passed this morning: and so is my venerable,
though not reverend, friend from Ohio. They
ere all pensioners under this bill. I could laugh
to see them come up to the Tieasury. like Oliver
Twist with his soup-bowl, and
: commenced to give pensions to the widows and
i orphans of those who fell, and to the invalids of
I the war of 1812. The system has been only con-
| tinued by this pension bill, and that is why I
, calltd on my fnend from Missouri [Mr. Piiiirps]
to explain to the House why we pay pensions to
the widows of those who ft 11 in the battles of 1812;
and this bill is only carrying out that, system.
, There is only the one system: this is no new one.
We have even a retired list of Army officers in
! this country. Now I only wanted to provoke my
friend to good works when 1 called his attention
' to these facts. I wanted him to come forwaid,
! and assail these Federal expenditures. When he
will attack them and cut down the system, then.
1 will voie to cut off all pensions, even revolu-
tionary pensions.
Tills is all that I vanjpw to say to ray friend.
The system is upon us; and while it is upon us,
1 say deal it out with equal honesty, and let equal
justice he done. It is not because we do injustice
My theology is, that two j in one instance, that we ought to do it in another.
" No, sir; but I say unhesitatingly that the soldier
who fought our battles, who left his home, his
fireside, and his family, is entitled to some com-
pensation here, even m doliars'and cents. I want
to know whether my friend [Mr. Lovt.joy] would
refuse this compensation? Why, sir, as I was
viii;: yesterday, in 1313, when your regular
oi-mv,"which we are now fostering and educating,
surrendered at Detroit, with all its paraphernalia
; of war, without firing a gun, the militia of that
i wish that I had time, and that it. was I: part of the country were constrained to turn out,
