1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
proposition be now presented to the Senate, and
see how many votes it will receive., and who will
vote for it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I stated, in
regard to the ground taken then by southern met),
that the principle they argued that question upon
was that they had the right to the protection of
their property there. They did not pass it, be-
cause they knew it was equally believed on the
other side, by a majority, that they did not have
it. To press that would have ended in nothing;
and therefore, I think very prudently and wisely,
they agreed to leave that in abeyance and take up
another point, the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, upon which we could agree. That, I think,
was the real history of that transaction. They
left the question as to the territorial right to be
hereaftei decided by the court. The bill, I think,
affirms or disaffirms nothing in regard to the right
of the Territory as to slavery; and it left that
question to the Supreme Couit, because they be-
lieved there could be but one decision predicated
upon it in any fair tribunal.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely. There the Sen-
ator from Virginia and myself agree. Some per-
sons here thought that Congress had the right to
prohibit slavery in the Territories. Others thought
they had not. Many of those who thought Con-
gress had the power, thought it was not wise for
it to exercise such a power, and would not exer-
cise it. Others believed that Congiess had not
the power, but the Teiritorial Legislature had.
Otheis believed that Congress had the power to
protect it. Others believed that Congress should 1
not interfere either way. ! nasrnueh as there was ■
not any uniform sentiment on the power of Con- I
gress, it was agreed that we would confer all the j
powets we possessed on the Teintonal Legisla- i
Uue, with the right to appeal to the Supreme Court |
to annul any act they might pass which violated j
the Constitution, with the understanding that the
laws were not to be sent to Congress for approval
or disapproval; so that all acts that were consti-
tutional should siand, whether we liked them or
not. That was the understanding, making it a !
judicial question as to whether the tentorial acts .
were constitutional or not. If eonstitmion.il, they i
were to remain in force until lepealeu by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature; if not, they weie to heroine |
void, not by the action of Congress, but by the j
decision of the com t. The Senator from Louisi- >
ana, [Mr. IJknjvmin,] in ISoG, made a speech on ;
this very question, sustaining the view I have ;
taken. lie said: !
•• Mi fMe-ult'iit. rliov,- who u-e tli.it anrumcnf «u tlx- !
Ninth !H<' ; iliu-.e\vlio-iiM.ni> ihat hill upon the giou ud> j
which I have ju-t mentioned, at the South, aie ri-zlit." j
That is, the argument at the North, that the j
Territottal Legislature have the power to legts- i
late on the subject of slavery; and at the South, j
that they cannot prohibit. !
••Ncithei che.il>, ncithoi is cheated. The In-loty of the J
pacific ol ih.it lull I* t,ninl.ii n> n- all. Tlx ie u.i> a -< m--
oi pi opoMhoii. pie-en ted to if - ad voeateupon all oi winch ,
thev could a^ree :-ave one. All a«iced upon the nyhi ui a 1
State to entei into tln-> Wiuon. whenevei it had a -utiicinn
population, and had tunned u leptiiihean eon milium |
whethei ilmt eon-tiuuion e-talilMicd or piolnhited slavci\. |
That piovi-inn wa*-. theielore, niM'itcd in lite hill. All
acieed th.it it \\a- |)ie|iidicial io tin- h. -t niieie-i-. of tlie
eouiin s , tliat t!ie-uii(eei oi -.lavet) should lie di -eil—ed ni
Connie.-. All a^teed that w hei hei ('onsn e- • had the power ,
or not to exclude j-lavetv notn tin Teiiu n; it outilit not
to e\ei( i-o it. Ml -mi. < d that, i dial powei w'.i- <>\vn il t)\
u-.. we nu'ihl to delegate u io ihe people, whu-e mteie-t-
w .) .• io he t )Te i • • e 11 in the uMitutuMi- e-.tahli.-hed at home
We Ihcieioie put that into tiio hill '
Lie says many argued timt Congress had the ■
power to exclude slavery; but all agreed that they
should nor exmoise it, ?ind nil agreed, also, that
the puwn, if it existed, should be delegated to
the 'lViri<ot ia! L"<>nJaturr-. !
Mr. I1U.V i'EII Wesnould not cxercise it in
that hill. ;
Mi. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; all agreed that we
should d'-leo.ue ti, the Teintori.il Legislature, in
that hill all the powet we possessed over the
subject.
Mr. liUX PRR. Those who believed that
Congri'SS could not exercise it, could not admit
that powei to the Terutoxy. They said it would
be line oms11!u111>uI.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will continue with the
it.uimg of' these remniks ol tne Senator fioui
Louisiana.
k- 'i'hen < ,'ine tin unon u Such we di-a^teed. Some
6aul,a& I .-a>, CouiZiL.-.-na-no powjr to exclude &iaveia '
from the common Temtory ; it cannot delegate it. and the
people in a Temtory cannot exeici>c it except at the time
when they tortn their constitution. Otheis said, emigres
has no powei ; Con«ic^can delegate it, and the people can
exercise it. Still other* said—my honoiable foetid from
Michigan (Mr. Cas*) said—that the power to legislate on
that s-ubjcct was a power inheient in eveiv people with
whom thu doctrine ot sell'government was anything more
than an empty name. Ounhss proposition we disagreed;
and to what conclusion did wo come ? We paid, in tins hill,
that we nansteired to the people of that Temtory the entire
power to eontiol, by their own legislation, their own do-
mestic institution^ subject only to the proviMOns of the
Constitution; that we Would not interfere with them; that
they might do ar- they pleased on the^ntijeet; that the Con-
stitution alone should govern. And ihen, in oidei to pio-
vide a means by winch the Constitution c(.uld uovem, by
which that Mnglc undecided que-tion could be d< tcrmuied,
we of the South, con-cioin that we nuht, the North
asserting the *ame confidence m its own doctune-., airreed
lhat every question touching human slavei v or human n ee-
dom should be appealable to the Sn pi erne <-ourt of the Uni-
ted States toi its decision.''—Con-") cssjonil Globe, fust ses-
sion Thirty Fourth Congress, Part II, page 1U93.
Now, sir, when the Senator from Louisiana
gave that exposition of the destiny and objects
of the Nebraska bill, I lemember it was received
with approbation and satisfaction by this [the
Democratic] side of the Senate. It was just pre-
vious to the presidential election of 1856 It was
an exposition which showed the consistency of
the northern and sout hei n Demon a cy ,aud proved
that the Terntoi sal Legislature was authorized to
enact just such laws as it pleased, subject to an
appeal to the Supreme Couit to establish their
validity, but not appealable to Congress Now,
the only question between me and those, gentle-
men who eontroveit my position is, whether Con-
gress shall intervene and repeal the turn tor ml laws,
and substitute others in their place; or, whether the
Terntoi ml Legislature shall pass just such laws
as they please, subject to the decision of the court
m regard to their validity under the Constitution ?
The .speech of the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Benjamin] fully sustains my position on this
point. If 1 could have anticipated this discussion
and had tune to prepare for it, I could have pro-
duced extracts from the speeches of a large; num-
ber of Senatois, probably a majouty of those
who voted for the Nebraska bill, sustaining the
same position. I may do so yet, on some other
occasion, and show that the bill was understood
and explained, at the time of Us passage, in the
same way and by the line of argument in which
1 now explain and defend it.
Mi. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask htm a question '
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. DA VIS. 1 ask him, rather for his posi-
tion than that of the Senator from Louisiana,
whether, when this decision was made by the
Supieme Couit, it was still to be a subject to he
discussed, until twenty-four minutes alter six
o'clock, as to whether it. was the duty of Con-
gress to^rofcvt a constitutional right, or not?
Mr. DOlIGLXS. When the court di cides on
the vnlnlnv of any terutorial enactment, us de-
cision is final, and there is an end of that contro-
veisy. I have answered that question several
times to-dny.
Mr. DAVIS. I could not get the answer to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will tty to give u to you
again. Slaves, accoiding to that decision, being
pi operty, stand on an equal footing with all.oilier
propeity. Theie is just a^ much obligation on
the patt of the Ti mtoual Ligisiatuse to protect
slaves as ever v ot h'11 specie^ of \ iropei ly, a^ there
ts to ptotect Ihdms, cattle, diy-goods, iiquois,
iScc. If they have a right to discriminate as to the
one, they have as to the other, and whethei they
have got the power of discnmination or not, is
for the court to decide, if any one disputes it. In
my opinion, under the taxing nowci, a. Territory
may discriminate as w> II as a Slate. 1 think they
may, if they wish to .'ncouiago the improvi meut
Ot blood cattle, alloxv blooded stock to bcfiee
fiom taxation, and they may nut heavy taxes on
the inferior bteuh. They n>av exempt school
propeity taxation ; they may exempt libraries
from taxation. iNothmg is more common than to
exempt such property fr<>m taxation as in the
estimation of the people the pubhegood reqimes.
I do not know a. State in this Union that does not
discriminate between different species of property
in taxes. If there ts no power of discrimination
on other .species of property, theie is none as to
slaves, it there is a powei of discrimination as
io other property, and 1 thmk theie is, then it
applies to slave property In other words, slave
property is on an equal footing with all other prop-
erty. in my opinion, if the taxing power is ex-
ercised against any one species of property, it
may have a tendency to drive it out. If, beyond
that, there is an absence of legislation such as
would fail to give it efficient protection, that does
effectually exclude it. It is my opinion that, with-
out violating the Constitution, such a system of
legislation may be devised as would effectually
exclude npy species of property that the Legis-
lature attempted to exclude, whether it be hor&es,
mules, liquors, dry-goods, slaves, or cotton.
If gentle men differ—lawyers may differ on these
points—the remedy is not by appeal to Congress;
the remedy ts by appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Legislature exercises power in the first in-
stance, according to their view? of their constitu-
tional rights, subject to an appeal to the Supreme
Court. Then th<. Legislature makes all laws that
do not violate the Constitution which they choose
to make. That is my idea: and I assert I so un-
derstood the bill at the time; and if you go back
to the debates, you will find that most of us ex-
plained it that way at the time it was pasted. We
did not pretend to decide the question whether
the Territorial Legislature had the power or not
to prohibit slavery; but we did agree to give them
all the power we had, and if they exorcised it in
such a manner as to violate the constitutional
rights of any portion of the people, their remedy
is to be found in an apnea! to the Supreme Court,
and not to Congress. The Senator from Virginia
ceitainly will bear me testimony that the clause
requiring the territorial acts to be sent to Con-
giess, for approval or disapproval, was stricken
out on the suggestion made m debate,«by an Op-
position Senator, that we did not intend to carry
out nonintervention.
Mr. HUNTER. That clause was stricken out
to satisfy Senators who desired it; but it was never
the opinion of those with whom I was acting that
it alteied the real powers of Congress. It was no
objection to them that the bill required the tcrri-
tonal laws to be sent up to Congress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course the distinction is
this. 1 did not say it rdteicd the power of Con-
gress. Congress is not bound to exercise every
power it possesses. Congress may have power
to (h) a gt eat many things that it ought not to do.
I hav. (hen, the undet standing was that we would
ham.di this qu< stion from the Ll««lls of Congress,
whether we had the constitutional power to act
on u oi nor. Some said wo had the power, some
said we had not. Some stud we had it, but we
would not exercise it; we would give it to the
people; and hence ihe understanding was, that
we would confer all the powei we had on the
Terntoiial Legislature. Bnt,said an Opposition
Senaioi, then why keep a clause in the bill re-
quiiing the acts of the Ten itoi ial Legislature to
he scot heir to he icpealed or affirmed ; We an-
swered, that we did not intend to hntig them up.
It w.is piediet- J in deb-ue, if [ recollect aright,
that if slave) y was piolnbited, Congiess would
lie usk< d t<> intei v ene m behalf of slavery; and m
ordet to rebut that suspicion, we struck out the
clause lequinog the laws to be sent up to Con-
gress, with the understanding, as I have said—
and you will find that understanding avowed by
these gentlemen themselves when the question
was raised upon that hill — that whatever the Le-
gislature should do for or against slaveiy should
stand, unless the court decid<-d against it I un-
derstood that to be the meaning of the Nebraska
bill; f understood it to be the meaning of the Cm-
ciimati platform.
1 do not think that slavery ought to be foiced
upon any people that do not want jt, <<ny more
than it should be forced away fiom people who
do want it If they wa.itit, let them ha*-" it. N"
one in the South is injur* d bv not being able to
take his negroes and hold th- m w hei e they would
not pay. The pi ople will went it, if the climate
demands it. I think it is a question of ebonite,
a question of prod net ion and s« If-t etei est. end not
a question of legislation. Let us banish it from
the Halis of Congress. It is banished now, un-
less it comes up here for affirmative legislation ,
and I very fiunkly state that if  t should come np,
I should vote agatnstany affirmative hgiskuion.
I should hke to see all men equally ft auk in avow-
ing how they will vote, so that we may know
where we stand. It may be agreeable to others
