1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
that one man should stand forward and take all
the blows, and they not commit themselves at
all; but, my candid opinion is that we Democrats
had better speak out plainly. When Senators
come to speak on this subject, 111 my opinion,
sir, you will find more mm taking the view that
1 do, than you imagine. If we cannot agree, let
us know it; if we can agree, let us know it.
Mr. President, I again ask pardon of the Sen-
ate for occupying so much time.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator did not at last
answer my question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Put it, an# I will answer it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 asked the Senator, distinctly,
whether, when this controverted question had
beers refeired to the Supretfie Court, and decided
by it, and a right which Congress would not as-
sert had been declared by the Supreme Court to
be a constitutional right, he then would give that
right the. protection of congressional legislation'1
The Senator goes on to argue, at great length, as
to the power of taxation and discrimination be-
tween the different kinds of pioperty. He argues
all the time for exemption and protection. That
is not the point I am touching, at all. It was,
whether the inhabitants ofaTeiritory could, by
their legislation, deprive other joint owners of die
Territory of the light to enjoy it ? and when the
Supreme Court pronounces their action unconsti-
tutional, whether, then, we could rely upon those
who stood with him to submit this question to the
Supreme Court, to come forward and honestly
maintain the right which the Supieme Court had
affirmed ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator,
I am willing, for the purposes of this aigument,
to assume that the decision of the Supreme Court '
goes to the extent of the expression of opinion by
Chief Justice Taney, that Congress could not pi o-
hibit a man from going into a Territory with a
slave, and, therefoie, that th«' Teiritonal Legis-
lature could not prohibit his coming m; in other
words, according to that doctrine, the right of
transit there is clear, the right of entry is clear,
the same as all other property; and you have the
same right to hold them the same as other prop-
erty, subject to such local laws as the Legisla-
ture may constitutionally cnaci. If those iaws
render it impracticable to hold your property,
whether it be your horse or your slave, why, it
is your misfortune; but you ate on an equality
with others, and you hold him subject to such
local laws as maybe constitutionally made. When
the Supreme Court shall divide upon the consti- j
tutionality of the local laws, I am prepared to abide !
by the decision, whatever it may he, and have it
executed m good faith, as 111 all othei cases.
Air. DAVIS. I do not ask for the disciinnna-
tionon which the Senator is waiting Lib strength.
I say the obligation is upon Congi ea.s, as the trus-
tee of the o wea*is of the Ter, itoi y, to pi otect the
citizen who goes to this joint piopi.rty, m person
and propei ty; and that, if the Territorial Legis-
lature does not protect liun m his mules, it is the
duty of Congress to compel that Tenuorial Le-
gislature to perform its proper function, or to
enact the laws which are needful in the premises.
Air. DOUGLAS. Well, on that point, the Sen- ,
ator and I dilfer. If the Territorial Legislature
will not pass such laws as will encourage mules, !
I will not force them to have them. ,
Mr. DAVIS. That is not tin* question, be-
cause the Senator constantly goes to the position
of a people holding teintory as then own and
administering it. 1 §411 consideimg the question
of a teinioiy belonging to a State wheie there
may be but one hunched mhabi'atUs who Wih
band together to exclude all i^mt owneis of the
proputy by such laws as will not allow them (o
coni'1 1;:, when this is the pro; eity of the people
of the Stale, and Congress is 'he trustee of the
people of the Suite, I say tn.it. Congress is bound,
111 eveiy fotm in which 1' ea-1 be considered, 11
see that the joint owners of the pioperty, v, ho
have intrusted it to the..' safe-keeping, shall have
the full and adequate protection which is neces-
sary to its enjoyment.
Air. DOUGLAS. One word about this joint
property. The propei ty is the joint propei ty of
the United States until it is suld, but the moment
a man goes and j-ettleh on a quaiter section, and
puts up Ins house, and estaoli^he^ his preemp-
tion, it belongs to him and not the b aited St a tea,
after that.
Mr. DAVIS. Not the adjoining quarter sec-
tion.
Air. DOUGLAS. But the one he is on, and
hence you find every inhabitant becomes the
owner of the land 011 which he settles. The prop-
erty that is the joint property of the United States
is that on which your people do not live, but
does not happen to be that on which they do live.
Then again, I apprehend thp citizens that have
gone there to settle are not the property of the
United States. They are American freemen, and
ought to be permitted to enjoy all those great
rights of self-government which underlie our
free institutions. If the Constitution docs not en-
join upon you to give them the benefits of self-
government in the Teintory, I would confer it
upon them, to the extent of my power. Although
the people of the Territory are not a sovereign
power authorized to put a constitution in force,
without the assent of Congress, yet they arc rec-
ognized as adistinct people,a body-politic, by the
law organizing them, and they ought to have self-
government; they ought to be allowed to manage
their own affairs to suit themselves, and if tech-
nically they have not got it, they ought to have
it. If they are, m fact, only inchoate States,
give them those rights that will qualify them to
become sovcieign, independent States to come into
the Union, and put no other restriction on them
than the Constitution of the United States im-
poses.
When a man goes into the Tenitorv of Kansas
from Mississippi, he is no longer a Mississippian:
he is a citizen of Kansas, and then he has acquired
the right to vote, to make his own law. The
people of Mississippi ate not to he governed by
his law, nor is he to be governed by them; but
you say that he and his associates make such
laws as you do not like m Mississippi. Who
cares whether you lik^ them or not in Missis-
sippi' They wen; not made for you; they were
made for the people of Kansas. It may so hap-
pen that the people of Kansas may make such
laws as they like, and the people of Mississippi
may not like them, and now you are to rail upon
Congress to abolish the laws which the people of
Kansas made for themselves, and do like, and to
establish a set of laws that they do irot want, but
which Mississippi docs. Now, with all due re-
spect, permit me to say I do not think that is ac-
coiding to the principles of self-government I
do not think that it is consistent with the doc-
trines of congressional non-intervention; I do not
believe the people of Mississippi ate fr)jut<d, if
their inhabitants go there and make such laws as
they want in common with the citizens of other*
States. They will have slaveiy if it is foi then
t;ood, and not without, and slavery cannot be
fotced on them against their will. Hence neither 1
your interests nor your rights are violated by this \
doctrine, but the rights and interests of the people j
of the Territory, thoae who make the laws, those \
who are to be bound by them, those whose for- j
tunes and families depend upon them may lie ;
seriously violated by congressional intervention.
Hut I beg paidon of r he Senate for occupying so
much time. I hope I shall not be compelled to
continue the disc u>Mon.
Mr. HltODERlCK obtained the floor.
Mr. DA VIS. Tiie Senator did not answer my
question 1
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer it right here. 1
I will not vote to intervene by a law of any kind
J by Congress '
Mr. STUART. I call Senators to order; the ,
Senator from California has tile door. !
1 Mi. DAVIS. 1 was not u\vaie of it. I will, 1
of course, yield. .
Mi. nitODGRICK. I will yield to you, sir,
with the understanding that H be given to me 1
a^.un. i
Mr DWIS I shall be very brief. The Sen- i
; ator fio.si II.hum:' did not answer my question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I icpeat, I will vote against
any law by Congress attempting to mterfeie with
a 1 egulation made by t lie Ten Hones, wi th res pec, t
] to any kind of propei ry whatever, whether hoi sea,
: males, negroes, or anything iUe.
; Mr. DAVIS. Then, as I understand the Sen-
' ator, if he intended to answer mo at ah, jt is that
he offers to us the proposition that the conMiMi-
tional ri«'ht?> shall be MihiMtted to the SupitMiC
Couit, and now announees that, whatever may
I be the decision of the Supreme Court, he will not ;
legislate for the protection of the rights thus guar-
antied. As he would not answer my question, I
now answer his: J have never claimed that the
people of a Territory, if he will so call them, were
to legislate for the benefit of the people in the
States; but I have claimed that they have no right
so to legislate as to appropriate to themselves the
public domain, because they occupy a small part
of it, and exclude other citizens from coming
there to equally enjoy it I claim that the foreign-
ers who, under the mad legislation of Congress,
have been invited to seize upon our public do-
main, and who have congiegated with all their
false notions in Utah, have no right now, by their
laws, to exclude a citizen of the United States m
that Tcintoi y. If that Territory had been desir-
able, the question is one which long since would
have been made. Otherwise,! hold that the few
Canadians who lived in the State which the Sen-
ator represents, at a very early period, had no
right to proclaim themselves the sovereign pos-
sessors of the territory, and to exclude tlte peo-
ple of the United States from coming to enjoy its
fei tile plains. A handful of men, nowhere, find-
ing themselves upon the territory of the United
Slates, can have the right to enact such laws as
will exclude the joint owners from its equal pos-
session. The one Hundred and sixty acres of land
upon which the emigrant may go, he may hold as
hisown: and on theirone hundred and sixty acres
the immigrants may make such rules and regula-
tions and laws as maybe needful for their own
pi otect ion and government, in the absence of con-
gressional legislation. Cleaily, sir,they are lim-
ited and restricted to the point of their own neces-
sity. They have no right to legislate so as to affect
the nghts of other owners of the Terntory who
are not within its limits.
When Congress, however, organizes a govern-
ment, then I say this whole question of squatter-"*
sovereignty passes away. The sovereignty of the
State acting tin ongh their agent to Congress, then
supplants the squatter sovereignty that might
have existed without any law. Henceforth, le-
gislation must not only be m subordination to the
Constitution, in subordination to the will of Con-
gi es.s, who alone represent the ownei s of the Ter-
riiory. Congress would make a gross departure
from even y liberal prinuple if they were to inter-
fere with such domestic regulations as the good
of the people of the Tei ritoi y might require; but
the Teiritonal Legislatuie are limited clearly, by
every principle of equity, to such legislation as
their own condition requires, and have no light
so to legislate as to exclude other people of the
United States; and no plea, no attempt to appeal
to pi ejudice ogam.st a pai ticular kind of pi opei ly
will ever make tins doctrine stand hefoie the hon-
est men of the United States, be their personal
opinion^ what they may. I would go into New
England to-monow and ventuie before the peo-
ple, assembled en / mw, this right of the citizens
of the United States to go into a Territory, and,
save luue and theie, where some man sought to
obtain office upon piejudiee, I should expect to
gel a verdict in favor of iheu biethren, wherever
they might be found. S11, if we had the power
to take the Ten itom s, ami topioelaim that no
man shouhl enjoy them who did not bring a slave
with him, to show what h.w Suture political opin-
ion would he, I trust 1 have not a constituent who
would not at one-' denounce it as a base interfer-
ence with tin equal 1 ights of his biethren of the
United States. Then, 1 ask, what is the diileience
if otln-rs seize possession or the Teintory and
say, that no man holding such pmpeity shall bo
allow ed to come and enjoy it: The equity is the
sami .
But the pmnt, and the only point to which I
intend to Suing tin: Senator \\ as, w hether, af ter
having off-ned to us tins proposition of allowing
the Supieme Court to decide the constitutional
right, he would stop at the point of-deriMou, and
leave us to the mere empty declaia'um oi lights
without any action on the pait of the United
States to pi otect alid gsiai antv 11 ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Tin Senato; peisevcres 
Mi ..IVLlt-SON. I n.-e to a point of oider. It
is, that no .Senator has a i ight to speak mote than
twice on an v* subjee 1t y, i' lxoiir leave of i he Senate.
Ml. DOUGLAS. Th.)' is, so Song as any other
gentleman wishes <u sp.ak. ii the Senator A oni
Geoigia defies to speak, of COUise i will give
way.
