THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,* D. C
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 24, IS58.
New Series ]^. 12.
cialiy to discuss the message of the President, but
prefer to say a few words upon the neglect of
Congress t6 give its attention to the claims of
American citizens upon their own Government.
Near the close of last session, I entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote laying upon the table
the adverse report of the Committee of Claims in
the case of Nathaniel and Benjamin Goddard. I
intend at an early clay to call up that motion. As
a motion to reconsider a vote to lay upon the tabic
is not debatable in the House, i take an oppor-
tunity to speak upon the subject involved in that
motion, in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The case of Nathaniel and Benjamin Goddard
is one with the history of which the working
members of this House are familiar. It was first
brought to the attention of Congress on the peti-
tion of Nathaniel Goddard, in behalf of himself,
"William Parsons* Thomas C. Amory, James
and Thomas H. Perkins, Thomas Parsons, and
Samuel May, all of Boston, owners of the ship
Ariadne and cargo—all established merchants,
useful, ciiteiprising and honorable men; mer-
chants of extensive business knowledge, and of
great public spirit, ready at any time to engage in
any enterprise, useful and honorable, which boded
good to their country, or to embark in any un-
dertaking in aid of the oppressed and the unfor-
tunate.
It was by such men, actuated by the highest
and noblest motives, that the ship Ariadne, in Sep-
tember, 1512, (war then existing between the
United States and Great Biifnin,) was dispatched
for Cadiz, a neutral port m Spain, with a cargo of
flour, and consigned to a mercantile house there,
composed of American citizens, with t hcbonafide
intention of furnishing the inhabitants of that
neutial city with this necessary article of food.
In this connection it will not be improper to im-
press upon the House the condition of the inhab-
itants of Cadiz, of Lisbon, and of the whole penin-
sula, at that time. The people there, as in every
country and in every age, sutTered extremely from
the cilects of the war. The whole peninsula was
in a state of extreme agitation, starvation, and
distress. Military aspirants domineered over the
inhabitants, and imposed upon them most odious
and oppressive exactions. Like the oppressed
and starving inhabitants of Iieland and of Ma-
deira; at a more recent period, they received the
sympathy oi the American people, and bread was
sent to their relief. Ural', r these circumstances,
and for the relief of a starving people, on the 12th
of Septrnihei, 1812, the ship Aindne sailed from
Alexandria, then a port m the Distiict of Colum-
bia, and was captured on the loch of the following
October by the United States bng-of-war Argus,
and taken'into the district, of Pennsylvania, and
there libelled in the district court of the United
States. The vessel and cargo were ordered to be
restored by said court, but the circuit court re-
versed the decree of the district court, and the
vessel and cargo were condemned. The decree of
the circuit court was aiKrmed by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
I desne here to say, that the decision of the
Supreme Court was based upon the technical con-
suuuion of the law, that the sailing under the
enomv's license constituted, of itself, an act of
illegality, which subjects the property to confis-
cation, without regard to the object of the voyage,
or the pou of destination; shutting out the facts
and circumstances connected with the enterprise,
which wen; offered by the claimants in evidence
of die iiraoc.ei.ee of the voyage, aniHhat it was
not prosecuti d for the promotion oi the enemy's
intet'evSt, but to simply a neutral but starving
people with buad—a voyage held by eminent
legal auHsoriti'ir to be as innocent as a voyage
fiom Alexandria to Boston, or from Boston to
iNew Orleans.
In ''um-etp-.i nee of paid decree of condemnation,
the hoiriis which had previously been !?Uoil by
the claimants upon the delivery ot vessel and
c,(r "o. were paid, and a distribution made to the
Ibn'ad States, and u> the caplois, according to
law. The sole cause of capture and condemnation
was, that the ship had on board, at the time of
her capture, a British license. It was not alleged
that the cargo belonged to the enemy, or that it
was shipped with any intention of furnishing sup-
plies fur the enemy. The allied armies were not,
at the time of shipment or captuie, on or near the
coast of Spain, and did not receive supplies from
that source. There was not even a suspicion
that the property was being shipped with the in-
tention of affording aid and comfort to the enemy.
The cause, and sole cause, of the capture and con-
demnation, was the mere possession of a Biitish
license.5'
The ground on which the petitioners have,
from time to time, applied to Congress for relief,
is, that the error of the shippers, if error there
was, was unintentional. Although ignorance of
the law is no excuse which the law itself will ad-
mit, it will be establishing no new principle, as
you well know, Mr. Chairman, and na this House
well knows, for Congress to remit penalties and
forfeitures incurred by parties where their own
conduct has been in no degree criminal, and
where no principle of public or private duty has
been violated. But it is not admitted by the pe-
titioned? that any law was violated. Some of the
best judicial mi .ids of the country have pronounced
in or of the innocence and legality of the enter-
piise which led to the captuie and condemnation
of the Ariadne. The owners and shippers, befoie
enteiing upon that enterprise, availed themselves
of every precaution which prudence and wisdom
could dictate, to ascertain the 1 uv of the land in
such cases. They were ad\ised by men distin-
guished for their legal knowledge, and of un-
doubted integrity, that it was not in violation of
any law or commercial regulation, cither of na-
tions or of the United States, for an American
vessel clearing from an American port to Cadiz,
in Spoin, to have on board a license or passnort
of the description of that found on board the Ari-
adne at the time of her capture by the Argus. It
is a well-known and historical fact, that, after the
declaration of war with Greet Britain, and at the
time the Ariadne enterprise was conceived, a large
portion of the supplies of brcadstuffs for Cadiz
was obtained from the United Suites, transported
m Ameiican vessels, sailing from American ports,
owned by American citizens, and sailing under
passports like that for which the Ariadne was
condemned; and without seizure or complaint—
the Aiiadne alone being ccndernned for the sole
cause of sailing with such license, which, from
Td the cJiniuanScrs hi? sh;jis.-of-vnr
or private anacd-Jajs belonging to ku'jtc'iof his Mii-
"U herea<. !rom a eon-nderntion of the prrea<" importance of
connnmutra iciiuiai .-up; dy o! liou: and opiei oiy provision;
to the iioiH e! r^paui and Pou-iiial, it has been deemed ex-
pedient hy hi-Mai ty\- <-ov« m.aem that. n o:\vaiir-ta.iduig
lite now exs^tm? b'T.veen Oi.mi and th j
Urated States of America. t veiy pioleel.on and uneouia^o-
meni bhould bo given to Amebian ves.-els laden with
fJo'n and other diy provision*. ami l"<und to the perts of
Spam and Poitij.^i; and vrLci- a~. m tnilhoanee of tne-2
viewvs of Majc-rvV Govern vro. aw? fcr otnei purposes,
IleibeU S'iw\ei, £>q.. vice admnrl and coinmaader-ui-
chiel oi his- .'Xijesty V ^pudton o.s the Halnw Mttiou. has
directed to me a letter, under dale eftho .jdi of Auui.-t. led 2.
(a enpv whereof i> heu unto aaiKwrd.) and wheiem I qui
instiuct.'d to furnMi a copy ot in- lerei e-rtixlrd under my
concur seal, to ovei v \ e-^ei m> in i,-n. .i"d b.'und enhei to
an} Pommuose or Spaniel p. iN, and whi-.h i«- ui'&i^ncd o-
a ?aie_pia!d and prot< ehon to an\ siicli ve>-el ni the prose-
cution ot t-u^h voyage:
Xuu'. lin-i rl'oi e. m jiur^u mrp of pu se infractions f have
2ratiS"il anfo the vsnen'\in ^ \i' sdne U.mVU H<iimu-?,
ma--tei, but den J '2 i'5tis ton>. n«i\v r, oex m n:e hmboi ot
Aiexandue, laden with lloiu.and 'v and ' h.izoi I.itbon,
the oune.\"d d"/( iininiK to a\,ul r-idy lor a direct vojago
to Ci'diz or Li-bon, and b-ick to *h * t" nt'Vi Jrtate^ of Ainei-
ica, ieque^tinLr a)! ofneer- eoiiraand'"" !n> .Maje-Iv's step.--
of-wai,or pnvate aimed vc«"!< beio^^i'1^ w M:hn.cisof
hi.- Majc -ty. not only to smil'a* ii.e <uU Ai.'uhse to p,i-s
wsthoiit anv mole>-iatinn. but a!>o to extend to her a'l due
^.^^)^tancc' and protection in th*1 p:o<ee'Uion ot her voyage
to Cad,/ or Leb'j.u a..d in r return Uiui.'C, i id. a with ^a!t
oi o:l,ei mi roh.indi-Ne 10 the net a.:i una of Iiei oiitwaiu
eeri;o, or sn ba!ia..t < nhr.
Giv-ai n: .lon.iy !:;>nd and - al of o;;;ce, at Criion. Vm<
C'th dav of t-~.-p;ein!s' r, A. i\ 1^1-3.
a:<d?j.\v ud<r.x. jrM
i-LAl"! i/ti 'AajcJ-j $ L'jAiul,
the then existing relations between the United
States and Great Britain, was necessary to avoid
capture by British cruisers.
It was the opinion of William Pinkney, then
Attorney General of the United States, a lawyer
j and statesman ofgreat eminence—perhaps as great
j as ever presided over the law department of the
; country—that the possession of a British license
I like that carried by the Ariadne was not a breach
! of any law of the United States. In a written
opinion, signed by Mr. Pinkney and John Pur-
! viance, anothereminent and distinguished lawyer
, of Maryland, it is stated that there was, in their
. opinion, no law of the United States which could
1 be supposed to interdict to American citizens trade
j with Cadi% or Lisbon; and that such trade, with
' or without such license, was not unlawful.
| But the decision of the Supreme Court was
jl otherwise. At the session of 1817 a decision was
i: made agai::st the petitioners, and a final decree of
J1 condemnation passed upon the vessel and cargo,
j The petitioners paid the amount of their bonds,
i and a distribution was made to the United States
I [ and to the captors.
j! Immediately after the final decree was pro-
j nounced and the amount of bonds paid, the peti-
: tionors presented their case to Congress for relief.
1 In January, 1818, it was referred in the House of
; Representatives to the Committee of Ways and
| Means, and by tiiein referred forinformation to the
Secretary of theTreasury. Mr.Crawford,another
'i eminent and distinguished statesman and lawyer,
[. then Secretary of the Treasury, in a letter to the
| chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
|! gave it as his opinion that the petitioners were cu-
ll titled to a remission of the amount paid by them
i into the Treasury; and if the penalty incurred by
' the petitioners had been within the jurisdiction
of the Stxietary of the Tieasury, it would have
! been remitted upon the principle upon which re-
missions had been ordinarily granted by theTreas-
ury Department. But the power of the Secretary
: of the Treasury to remit fines and penalties was
. confined to cases arising under the revenue laws,
'' and those which concerned the registry and li-
censing of vessels of the United States.
2vlr. Lowndes, of South Caiolina, then chair-
man cf the Committee of Ways and Means, a
!! statesman of unsullied honor, whose genius-and
; whose honesty of purpose had won for him a
national fame, after a most careful and scrupulous
, investigation of the whole matter, was so irn-
pressed with the injustice which had been done
the petitioners, that he at once reported a bill for
!j their relief. The report of Mr. Lowndes was
! founded upon the full conviction of the commit-
| tee that there had been no willful negligence or
II intentional fraud committed. The bill reported
by Mr. Lowndes failed to become a law.
i In 1S2I, a petition was again presented in the
IIoe.se of Representatives, and referred; but no
further action appears to have been had upon it
! during that session.
In 1837, in was again brought before the House
: of Reprtsentatives and referred to the Committee
of Claims, and favorably reported upon, a bill
introduced, but no further action had upon it.
Like many other just and worthy bills, it was
never reached upon the Calendar.
In 1540, Mr. Russell, from the Committee of
Claims, repaired a bill for the relief of the peti-
tioners, which, however, for want of time, did not
, pass the House.
I am particular to refer to these dates, that the
House may net suppose that because the case
; oi filiated in a transaction which occurred as far
back a*j Irfli, it is not entitled to its favorable
consideration. It will be seen that the case has
been constantly pressed upon the attention of
i; Congiess, and that there has never been but one
adverse report upon it, and that by the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard;]
i which I trust he will join me m reconsidering.
i In I84G a favorable report was made in the Sen-
,j ate, and a bill remitting the amount of the penalty
j passed that body; but it was not reached in the
i. House.
