1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from California
has the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I ask him to allow me
to say a few words—not the Senator from Geor-
gia.
Mr. IVERSON. The rule does not depend on
whether any other gentleman desires to speak, as
I understand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I demand the reading of the
rule. The rule is, that no one shall speak twice
so long as any other member wishes to .gpeak.
Mr. DAVIS. I put a question to the Senator
from Illinois in a manner which gives him a right
to answer, if he chooses. I hope lie will be al-
lowed to do so.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will say that I have
made half a dozen efforts to get the floor, within
the last three hours.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I will yield on the claim of
the Senator from California, but not on the point
of order of ihc Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will permit the Senator
from Illinois to make an explanation, and then I
hope 1 shall be allowed the flooi for a few minutes.
Mr. SJUART. I hope tin; Senator from Geor-
gia will enforce his point of order; There are
several Senators here who, for three hourd, have
been trying to get the floor to speak once; and
certain Senators have occupied the floor during
the entire day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mallory
in the chair.) The fourth mle of the Senate is in
the.se words:
t% No member shall «ppak ninre than twice in any one de-
bate. on the same d.iv, without leave o( the Senate."
Mr. IVERSON. That is the rule; it does not
depnid on whether other* want to sneak or not.
I would not object to the Senator from Illinois go-
ing on upon this occasion if he had not alieady
spoken at least six or eight times on this subject;
and the Senator fiom Mississippi has spoken
nearly as often.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. IVERSON. I have the floor, and I beg
th a t the gentleman from Illinois be not allowed to
interrupt me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not interrupt you.
Mr. IVERSON. I intended to call the Senator
from Mississippi to order the very first proper
occasion that presented itself. It is evident that,
if we peinut these gentlemen to go on bandying
arguments with eaeh other, we shall never come
to the end of the question; for then- never will be
an occasion when the Senator from Illinois can-
not respond to the Senator fiom Mississippi, and
vice versa. They can go on here arguing against
cacli other from this until doomsday, [laughter,]
and I think it is high time the discussion should be
put a stop to; and, therefore, I call for the enforce-
ment of die rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One woid of personal ex-
planation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Cal-
ifoi ma allow me ?
Mr. BRODERICK. I give way for ail explana-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Georgia
casts a censure on me for having spoken five or
six tunes to-day. Evety Senator will bear me
witness that 1 have not spoken once to-day, ex-
cept when defending myselfand my position from
seveie attacks, if his statement is just, it only
proves that they have had six men on one to-day,
and then then- fi lends are complaining of him.
Mr. IVERSON. I do nor think that is alto-
gether tiue, because I called the Senator to order
for bandying arguments with the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] Ele made a speech in
reply to the other Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown;] he made a speech in reply to the Sena-
tor fiom Missouri, [Mr Green;) and he made a
speech in icnly to the Senator from Vngmia,[AIr.
Mason.] They did not cwine back at him; but
tile whole time of the Senate has been occupied
for the last four hours in a running discussion be-
tween the Senator fi m Mississippi [Mr -Davis]
and the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator overesti-
mates my time; that is all. [Laughter.]
Mr. IVERSON. Perhaps I was a little impa-
tient, and it was not unreasonable that I should
be.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President, I am very
sorry to interrupt the Senators who have occupied
some two or th'-ee hours of the time of the Senate
to-day. I could sit here all night and listen to
this debate. I never heard a discussion which has
! afforded me more pleasure than the debate of this
! day. I feel thankful to the Senatorfrom Missis-
: sippi [Mr. Brown] for throwing this bombshell
; into the Senate, for it will be the means of com-
j pellmg every member upon this floor to define his
! position, particularly those from the northern
■ J States, because I believe he addressed himself to
northern Senators. All I have to say on that
; point is, that I fully agree with the Senator ftom
, Illinois, and the Senator from Ohio, in everything
| they nave said. The only thing I am sorry for
! is, that I did not obtain the floor before the Sena-
tor from Ohio, for he has gone over the whole
ground, and I do not think it is necessary for me
; to take up the time of the Senate with the ques-
! tion.
; But, sir, I have risen for the purpose of notic-
! ing tho remarks that fell from the Senator from
California, [Mr.GwiN ] T was surprised to hear
! him—a Senator from a free State—say that he
did not understand the interpretation of theSena-
j tor from Illinois to bo the interpretation given to
; the Kansas-Nebraska act when it passed m 1854.
; I can state that the interpretation given to it by
[ the Senator from Illinois is the interpretation
; given to it by the Democracy of California. I
| recollect very weil that when it passed, that was
; the opinion of the L^gislatuie of California. I
, am the more surprised that the Senator from
! California states that if it had been his interpreia-
■ tion he would not have voted for the Kansas-Ne-
braska act. I suppose, sir, that a large number
' of the Senate recollect that the Senatorfrom Cal-
' ifornia took part m tho convention which was
called for the purpose of framing a constitution
; fo'* California. There was an effort made there
j tri make California a slave State. The Senator
! from California labored very hard to make it a
! free State, and he succeeded. I believe he took
as much part in the proceedings of that conven-
tion as any member of it. 1 am the more sur-
prised that he has seen fit to state that this inter-
pretation is not now gi veil to the Kansas-Nebraska
act m California, because I will inform him, as
well as the Senate—for he was absent from Cali-
; fornia at the late election—that the Administration
• convention gave that interpretation, and the two
1 g-entlermyi who managed the contention,one from
Illinois and the other from New Yoik, were both
j, Wilmot-proviso men in 1848. One was a gentlo-
; man fiom Illinois, Mr lingo, who held a seat, I
  believe, m the other House with the Senator from
| Illinois; the otiier was a gentleman by the name
! of Casserly, who went to Buffalo in 1848, and
| took an active part in nominating Mr. Van Buren
i for President. They there stated that the Kan-
; sas-Ncbraskd act intended to disci immate m favor
| of fiet'dotn and not of slavery; and that is the un-
i drrstanding among the fi co-State men of Cali-
fornia; and if they hod thought otherwise, I think
they would have indorsed the action of my col-
league, and the Repiesentative in the other Mouse.
Theie was an attempt made by their fiiends to
get an expression of the convention in their favor
for their action duting the last session of Con-
gress; but such a resolution, as I was informed,
failed in committee, and there was not a word said
about tin: question wtiich agitated Congress at the
la.^t session wuli regaid to the Lecompton con-
stitution and the English bill, further than to in-
dorse the action of the Administration. I am
sorry that I have taken up time.
Mr. GWIN. Tile Senator from California
stated that the Legislature of California indorsed
the interpretation of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
which the Senator from Illinois has placed upon
it to-day. I deny it, sir. There is no such in-
doisement in the resolutions passed by the Le-
gislature of California in 1854 I deny that any
such interpretation was ever put upon that bill,
or ever attempted to be put upon it, so far as my
knowledge extends, until during the recent can-
vass of the Senator from Illinois in Ins own State.
The Senator says that I was a very active ad-
vocate ot the constitution of California, and in
favor of making it a free State. He says there
was a party there attempting to establish a slave
state. Who were they?
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. Moore, of San Joa-
quin, at that time, and if I had the journals of the
convention here I think I could mention others;
but Mr. Moore more particularly than any other
member.
Mr. GWIN. The gentleman ought to have
the journals before he speaks.
Mr. BRODERICK. I wish I had, and I could
show up your speech.
Mr. GWIN. The resolutions passed there in
favor of making it a free State were unanimous,
and it is so entered upon the record. The Sena-
tor says there a party in that convention in
favor of makin^Cahfornia a slave State. I re-
peat the very clause which prohibited slavery
was passed unanimously, and it is so entered
upon the record. That was done in the formation
of the constitution when the people had assem-
bled in convention to determine what their insti-
stutions should be.
Now, sir, I repeat that if the Senator from Illi-
nois had put the same interpretation upon the
ICansas-Nebraskaact when he broughtit forward
in 1854, there is not a member on this floor who
then voted for it who is now here, that would
have voted for it, so far as my knowledge extends,
except himself. If there is a solitary member
here who would have done so, let him get up
and speak for himself; but certainly I should
not.
I regret that this discussion has sprung up in
regard to the action of the people of California.
During the last canvass they put that lntei pieta-
tion upon the action of Congress and the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, that is sustained by tho majority
of the members of this body I wanted no special
indorsement; I asked for none. I was sent here
to carry out the views of the Democracy of Cali-
fornia, and I have endeavored to do it. I want
no indorsement at all for doing my duty. I never
asked for it; never expected it. My understand-
ing of the position of the Democracy of that State
is, that they indorsed the action of the Adminis-
tration, and the majority of the Democratic party
in the two Houses of Congress on the Kansas
question during the last session of Congress; and,
as an humble member of that party, all 1 desired
was that the policy of the party and of the Ad-
ministration should be indorsed by the people of
my State. I wanted no personal collisions with
any members of the Democratic party, and no
separate notice It was not sought by any friend
of mine, so far as my knowledge extends.
I come back to what I stated before, and I ask,
is there a Senator on this floor who voted for the
Kansas-Nebraska bill in 1854, that then believed
it was? capable of being interpreted as the Senator
from Illinois has mtei preted it to-day 5 If there
is, let him speak. I want the Senators from free
States and slave States, who were here and voted
for that bill, to answer now, so that we may un-
derstand whcie we were then and where we are
now.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senator will
allow me a minute to make an explanation.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BRODERICK. It is true, as the Senator
from California states, that the. convention did
pass unanimously a provision to make California
a free State; but i ask him if he did not take part
in a debate on the subject before the constitution
was submitted to a committee of twenty-one, that
passed it under the previous question. I believe,
and I think the journals will show, that an effort
was made on the part of«many members uf the
convention, to make California a slave State, and
that my colleague raised his voice in favor of
freedom at that time, and I think his speeches to
that effect will be found in the debates of the con-
vention.
Mr. GWIN. I say in the first instance that
there was no previous question there, and there
was not a particle of discussion on the question
from the commencement; but it was a unanimous
vote on inserting the clause that is now m the
constitution; and being in favor of it, I n^ver
opened my lips on the subject, nor did any gen-
tleman, with the solitary exception of a gentle-
man from New York, (Mr. Hal leek,) who thought
it ought to be put in asepa^ite clause. The only *
difference of opinion was, whether it should go
into the constitution as a part of the constitu-
tion, or should be submitted as a separate clause
to be voted on separately. The Journals prove
