1858.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
170
t purpose of acquiring or holding, directly or indirectly, foi
the citizens or subjects of the one, any rights or advant-
ages in regard to commerce or navigation through the said
canal, which shall not be olTeied on the said terms to the
citizens or subjects of the other."
This language appears sufficiently distinct and
positive to satisfy any one seeking a just and fair
interpretation. But we bave evidence that British
statesmen understood it precisely as we inter-
pret it. The treaty was submitted to the Brit-
ish Cabinet before it was exchanged; and they
directed Sir Henry Bulwer to exchange it, with
a declaration" that they did not understand it
to apply to theirsettlements in Honduras usually
called " the Belize." I will read.the "declara-
tion," in order to see their exact position:
"In proceeding to exchange of tiie unifications of the
convention signed at Washington on the 19th day of A [ml,
1850, between her Kiitanme Majesty and the United Status
of Ameiica, relative to the establishment of a communica-
tion by ship canal between the Allan tic and Pacific oceans,
the undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's Plenipotentmty,
has received her Majesty's iiwtiuctions to declare that her
Majesty does not understand the engagements of that con-
vention to apply to her Majesty 's settlement at llonduias,
or to its dependencies Her Majesty's jatifieation of the said
convention is exchanged under "the explicit declaration
above mentioned.
£J Done at Washington, the 29th dav of June, 18o0.
« H. L. BULWER."
To this "declaration," Mr. Clayton replied that
the convention which had been twice approved by
the British Government did not apply to the set-
tlement in Honduras, Belize, (commonly called
British Honduras, as distinct from the State of
Honduras,) nor to the small islands in the neigh-
borhood of that settlement; but he says that it was
understood to apply to, and does include, all the
Central American States of Guatemala, Honduras,
San Salvador, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, with
their just limits and proper dependencies. With
this declaration on the part of our Government
they were satisfied.
British statesmen now say that the treaty was
not intended to interfere or disturb them in the
possession then held. If this be true, why was
the Belize distinctly reserved from its operations?
What induced the " declaration, "and what object
had they in view? If the treaty was prospect-
ive only in its operation, then it was not neces-
sary to reserve their rights in the Belize. The
interest felt on this subject very clearly proves
that they considered the treaty retrospective in its
action, and that it required them to give up their
settlements and possessions, or claims, in Cen-
tral America, Mosquito protectorate and all. So
fully were they impressed with this interpretation,
that they felt it necessary to reserve their rights
in the Belize, which Mr. Clayton did not consider
as embraced in the convention, because it is not
considered a part of Central America proper. Mr.
Clayton reminds Sir Henry of the territory which
it did embrace; which interpretation, by the ex-
change of ratifications, was accepted by him.
There isastiange inconsistency in this matter.
If the British Cabinet did not consider itself bound
by the provisions of the treaty to yield their
claims and protectorate in Central America, why
was it necessary to make the " declaration" re-
garding the Belize? This " declaration" furnishes
a key to the whole transaction. The English
Cabinet of 1850 understood that treaty as we un-
derstood it; but subsequent Cabinets have thought
it best to give it a different interpretation. It is
true that a demonstration was made by the Eng-
lish, in the fall of 1850, in the Mosquito piotec-
torate and at Roatan; and it was reported at the
time that it was done to show to the Central
American States that the English officers there
did not consider their Government bound, under
that treaty, to yield any of her possessions or
claims m the Central American States; but there
are reasons for supposing that their course was
the result of an after-thought, involving merely a ;
a question of policy with those States. j
But, whatever their understanding was then, 1
there is no doubt of their position now. England .
now contends that that treaty does not, and was j
not intended to, disturb her in any rights or pos- j
sessions then belonging to her; and that it was j
prospective in its action. To this position the ,
United States cannot yield. It would be a sacri- !
fiee of everything on our part, withoutany equiv- i
nlent from Britain. It would leave her m the pos-
session of all she can desire—sufficient in every
respect to give her control of the Central American
States, and of the only ship-canal route across
the Isthmus. While they admit the provisions
of the treaty securing the neutrality of the canal
route, they are careful to insist upon retaining
their possessions, or pretended possessions, by
which they defeat one of the chief objects of the
convention. The only condition upon which the
United States would have entered into a joint
convention with England, was her agreement to
withdraw from her pretended possessions in Cen-
tral America. This condition was offered, and
accepted; and after we had bound ourselves not
to acquire any territory in that section; after we
had, by reason of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, yield-
ed the rights acquired by the Squiers treaty, to
' Tigre Island, and thus overlooked the gross out-
rage committed upon us by the unauthorized and
illegal conduct of the British consul, Mi. Chat-
field, England made a new interpretation of the
treaty, by which she hopes to avoid the perform-
ance of her stipulations, while we are strictly
held to ours.
It was not simply the neutrality of the canal
route that we sought in that convention—this was
the least important matter in view. During our
war with Mexico, and about the time of our ac-
quisitions on the Pacific coast, in fact, after we
had taken possession of California, England man-
ifested an increased interest in Central American
affairs. When our war with Mexico commenced,
England had her settlement at Honduras, and this
embraced her entire claims in that section, except
her assumed protectorate over the Mosquito ter-
ritory, which was confined within its original
limits, and was exercised with indifferent care,
in 1847, they extended their boundary along the
entire coasts of Nicaragua ftnd Costa Rica, from
Bluefieldsto the river St. Pedro; and m 3848they
extended their boundary line, or that of their In-
dian ward, the Mosquito king, far back into the
interior, embracing a portion of .Lake Nicaragua,
thence across the state of Nicaragua to the«rtver
Ronan, which they followed to the coast. By these
extensions—these new and unauthorized appro-
priations of Central American territory—England
secured the control of every bay and harbor on
the coast, from Rio Hondo to t^ic river St. Pedro;
the whole extent of the coasts of Honduras and
Costa Rica, except a short.distance between the
Sarstoon and Cape Honduras, which portion she
commanded from Roatan and the Bay Islands,
which she appropriated at the same time.
It was these unwarrantable proceedings which
induced ourGovernment to direct Mr. Lawrence,
Minister m England, in No^mber, 1849, to in-
quire whether England intended "to occupy or ;
colonize Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito I
Coast, (so called,) or any part of Central Amer- j
ica;"' and also to ascertain whether England j
would unite in guarantying the neutrality of a I
ship canal across the Isthmus. Notwithstanding
the distinct and emphatic denial of Lord Palmers-
ton, that England intended to colonize either, or
any portion of said districts, the fact of their
possession of so much territory in the name of
the Mosquito king, and of their seizure of Roa-
tan, the Bay Islands, and of Tigre Island, in the
Bay of Fonseca, on the Pacific side, created the
most unpleasant apptehensions on our part.
We were not ignorant of the singular ingenuity
that some nations have, in converting mere occu-
pancy into absolute sovereignty; nor of the rapid-
ity with which this change is sometimes effected;
hence the anxiety on our part to secure some
distinct declaration of intentions from England.
Without this, our former position as well as our
interests, would have required more decided
measures. To avoid this extreme necessity, our
Government entered into the convention of Apnl, ,
1850. Tins was our chief object; the guarantee i
of neutrality was a concession on ourpait; we
certainly did not require it; but the Government
was then willing to give it, which, in my humble j
opinion, was an error. The British interpret*- I
Uon of the convention of 3850, avoids the objects ,
we had in view, while it enables that Government j
to retain her recent acquisitions, and to monop- !
olize the entire Isthmus, contrary to our well <
known doctrine—a doctrmc which our Govern- j
ment has announced, and from which it cannot !
with honor retreat. It is true that Lord Ciaren- ,
don treated it, m his statement sent to our Minis- ;
tcr during the negotiation in 1854, as a mere die- I
turn. He said: j
k{ With regard to the doctrine laid down by Mr. President I
Monroe, in 1823, concerning the future colonization of the
American continent by Euiopean States, as an international
axiom which ought to regulate the conduct of European
States, it can only be viewed as the dictum of the dis-
tinguished personage who?delivercd it; but iier Majesty's
Government cannot admit that doctrine a^an international
axiom which ought to regulate the conduct-of European
States."
That doctrine was announced after mature
deliberation, and under circumstances of .the
most important character. The Central-Ameri-
can States and Mexico had just achieved their in-
dependence from Spain; and we had acknowledged
that independence, and had sent a Minister to the
Republic of Columbia, and was about sending one
to Mexico. We had made a formal proposal to
England for a concerted recognition of their inde-
pendence before the congress of Aix-la-Chapelle;
and there we announced the doctrine which Pres-
ident Madison afterwards declared in his annual
message of 1823. t
Mr. Adams, when Secretary ofState, in his let-
ter of instruction to Mr. Anderson, Minister to
Columbia, in May 27, ]823, foreshadowed the
position taken in the President's message, in the
following language:
" So far as the proposed Columbian confederacy has for
Us object a combining f-ystem of total and unqualified inde-
pendence of Europe, to rhe exclusion ofai! partial composi-
tions of any one of the emancipated colonies with Spain,
it will have the entite apptohation and good wishes yf the
United States, hut will require no special agency of theirs
to cariy it into elfect.
'•So far as its purpose may be to concert a general sys-
tem of popular implementation for the government of the
several independent States which are floating from the
wreck of the Spanish power in America,the United States
will "-till cheer it with their uppiobation, and speed with
their good \vi->hev us sneec-N.
'• Ol tins mighty movement in human afTans, mightier far
than that of tiiedownlal! ol the lloman Empire, the United
States may continue to bo, as they have be< n heietofore,,
the tianqud but deeply attentive spectators. They mat/also,
m the various vicissitudes hv which it must be followed, be
cairbd to assume a moie aeuve and leading part in its prog-
ress "
This language was used, it is true, in a private
letter of instruction, which has now been made
public; but the distinct position of this Govern-
ment had been made known, at Aix-la-Chapelle,
to the European Powers; for it was well known
that Spain desired, and was trying to secure, a
general cooperation in again bringing the revolted
colonies into subjection. It is well known that
the rumois 011 this subject cxcited tlje public
mind at the time; and that the House of Repre-
sentatives passed a resolution calling for informa-
tion. In leply to this resolution, on the 12th day
of Januaiy, 1824, President Monroe said that he
" possessed no information on that subject, not
known to Congress, which can be disclosed with-
out injury to the public good." The private in-
formation received from our Envoy, Mr. Rush,
relative to the threatened combination of Euro-
pean Powers in behalf of Spain, it was thought
best not to communicate. This fact induced our
Government to announce the Monroe doctrine,
befme it appeared in the message of 3823. We
had aclmowledged the Republic of Columbia, and
we could not permit European Powers to bring
it again under the Crown of Spam. This an-
nouncement created very considerable feeling at
the congress of Aix-la-Chapelle, but our Gov-
ernment would not and did not yield. To this,
more than anything else, are the Central Ameri-
can States indebted for their continued independ-
ence of Spain.
Under these circumstances, President Monroe
announced the doctune known by his name, in
his message of December 2, 1833, in the follow-
ing language:
Tue citizen* of the United Sutes cherish sentiments
the ino-t luendly m favoi of the hbenyand happiness of
their fellow-men on that side (European) of Ibe Atlantic.
In the uais of the European fowei? in matters 1 elating to
thrmscLvus, we have never taken any part, nor does it com-
pel t u'ltn our policy to do. It is only when om lights aie
invaded, or seiiously menaced, that we recent mjmie-, or
make pieparation for 0111 defense. With the movements
ife tins hemnpheie wo are, of neeess-ity, moie immediately
connected, and by causes which mint be obvious* to all en-
lightened and impartial ubseivers. The political s\stem of
the allied Powers is essentially dilleient in tins respectfrom
that of Ameiica, This difference piocecds fiom that which
exist* in their respective Governments. And to the defense
ot oui own, which has been achieved hj the loss of so much
blood and tfoasure, and matmed hv the wisdom of their
most enlightened citizcn?, and under which we have en-
joyed unexampled lehoity, this- whole nationiadevoted.
•  We owe it, theiefore, 10 candor mid to the .umcable rela-
tions existing between the United States and those Powers
to declare  that we should consider any attempt, on th«ir
part, to extend tlieit system to any portion of tins isejni*;-
