1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
humble opinion here, that a little prudence, a lit-
tle concession, where there is no vital piinciple
concerned; a little refraining1 from agitating a sub-
ject which can bring1 nothing1 but evil in its train,
would be wiser, and pre ductive of better results.
The Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] said
that no man now occupying a seat on this floor,
who voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill, gives
the construction to it that the Senator from Illi-
nois does.
Mr. GWIN. I did not say that. I said, if
there was such a Senator 1 did not know him,
and T should like to have him speak. If the Sena-
tor entertains those opinions, I should like to hear
the next one who does.
Mr. STUART. I am not going to bandy words
with the Senator from California. His first dec-
laration was understood to be that no man who
voted for it, entertained that opinion.
Mr. GWIN. No; I said, no Senator now on
this floor.
Mr. STUART. He then qualified it, and said
no Senator now on this floor entertained those
opinions. Ho now says he did not say that, and
that he only wanted to know if there was such a
one here. Well, sir, there are several, and among
that number, you can rank my humble self. Dur-
ing all the time, since 1854, down to to-day, in no ;
spot, in no discussion, upon no occasion, did 1 1
ever hear any other construction placed upon it |
till to-day. The Senator from Louisiana has read j
the remainder of what he said in 1856, and said 1
so well, and that is the construction of his speech. !
We dsllered; as I said, our opinions were almost ;
us different as we were numeious. Wo could not i
agree. We theiefore came to this conclusion, j
and enacted that whatsoever power Congress held j
under the Constitution, be it more or less, we j
would give to the people of the Territories; that ;
having parted with it, we would not attempt to !
exercise u ourselves; and it was upon the motion j
of the then colleague of the Senator from Califor-
nia, (Colonel Weller,) that the clause of the on- ;
ginal bill was stricken out, which retained the '
power m Congress to revise the territorial legis-
lation. Colonel Weller said that with that clause
in the bill, ho would not vote for the punciple;,
that you must take it out, and leave the whole 1
subject to the people of tho Territory, so far as
the Constitution would permit, that it should be j
let wholly and totally alone by Congress, or he !
would not vote for the bill.
1 am neithei a prophet, nor the son of a proph- 1
et, and I do not refer to it in any boastful spn it, ;
but on that occasion 1 gave my voice and aduce
against the nu-asuie; I appealed to my paiiy
fnends to let the subject alone, to Mand by the 1
compromises of }iS5(),not to agitate the question,
for i hat no good could eventually come out of it, J
in my judgment. Now, 1 will ask my political ;
friends whether they think they have made any- I
thing by the operation. But, sir, in good faith,
as a member o! the party, and 1 say again, with-
out any mental reservation, 1 voted for that bill,
i yield* d to the opinions of otheis who thought
their judgment was better than nitne
Now, I am going (() niuke another suggestion. 1
That law was adopted, it 1ms become the settled i
pobcy of the Democratic party of this country, j
if the Democratic party will be contented uni- i
tedly to stand by it, without mental qualification, :
they can rise out of all the diflie.ulUes that stir-,
round tin m. I did not give my advice against it ;
because I thought the principle wiong. No, sir;
it i never heaid a man, however able,
who could make a five minutes'argumentagasnst ;
it, of any respectable consequence. I gave my
advice against it bf.cause it thiew in a dustuibmg
element which was at rest by the overwhelming
power of the two great political parties which had
existence at that d.iy. The principle is ughr. It
has authoiity higher thou mankind. If is, as the
Piesident hims.fif so well said, as old as fiee "ov-
er nm< lit i!S"lr. I :-av that if the Democratic pai iy
umredly, hai meinour |y, stand by the principle of ,
non-iiueiveiiuon with siaveiy m the Ten itories,
of !ea\ iag the question there to tlie people and to
the com ts, the party that has been arrayed against
it cannot find an   xistence b<'\ oud l>!fjb they will 1
go down rh'-n in the vortex of trrett levable crioi,
n-.-V'-r to i ise again
W )i v do I say so? Because, keep up the con-
troversy as you may, cavil as you will, depute
about it to your heart's content; when the ques-
tion is finally settled, it is settled upon the voice
and wishes and will of the people of the State.
Though you might, by congressional interven-
tion, hold up a pale or sickly negro or two in a
Territory just to maintain an opinion; when that
people come to form a constitution, they will
sweep him from the face of the earth, so far as his
condition is concerned, if that is their voice and
their will. Can you stop it, sir? Can the Sena-
ator from Mississippi stop it, or stay it? Is it not
as irresistible as the law of gravitation? Then,
why, I ask again, shall the Democratic party of
the country be rent and torn asunder about what
may happen in the course of one, or two, or three,
years of territorial existence? How long do you
suppose it would take you to pass your law
through Congress, if you had it introduced, pro-
viding protection to slave property in the Terri-
tories, while the people there refused it? Intro-
duce it to-day, and try it. You will be grayer,
sir, than an old rat, and older than Methuselah,
before you get it passed through both Houses of
Congress. Why, then, engage in it? Why talk
about it? Do gentlemen ever reflect that, when
they have introduced this measure into Congress
to protect slavery, they have submitted the whole
question to Congress, and must take tho result as
it comes out? And if it shall happen to tui n out to
be a bill abolishing slavery, whom will they blame?
They may say that it is unconstitutional; that it
falls because it has no vitality. Amen; let it fall;
but then i ask you how much have you accom-
plished: how far have you advanced in your ab-
stiact specious theory? Sir, I am sick of this
business, tired of it; and, if it were a, pcimnssible
remark in the Senate, 1 would say, I am offended
at u.
Sir, it will not be permitted. I claim not to
speak for any State, much less for any number
of States; but I stand here to-day to speak forth
the woids of truth and soberness; and 1 tell you
that the laws which govern people, that spirit of
independence which was born in and pervades the
grout Amei ican mind, will never be dictated to by
Congiess or any other power on earth; and that
is why 1 say that this principle of popular sov-
ereignty, which is no more nor less than the prin-
ciple of the light of a people occupying a State
to have such institutions as they see fit, is a pun-
ciple which will break down any man and any
set of men whoundertake to resist it. Willyou,
sir, in Alabama, in Mississippi, in Illinois, or
North Carolina, permit a sister State to dictate
to you wifcat you shall do, or how you shall do
it? And do you suppose that that feeling of re-
sistance leaves you when you go into a Territory r
No, sir. I tell you the fact is, a fact ascertained
by the people residing there, that thousands of
men in Kansas voted against accenting your
proposition to come mtiKthe Union under the bill
of the last session, not because they did not hke
the Lecompton constitution, but thousands who
weie in favor of it voted against your proposi-
tion, because, they said, it was congressional dic-
tation, and they would never submit to it.
Can we learn nothing by experience ? Arc we
to go on, yeai after yeai and age after age, com-
muting blunder upon blunder, destructive of the
best interests of the country? i repeat, can we
learn mulling? Can we not let a subject alone,
winch is not only a two edged, but a ten-edged
sv/oid, and cuts at all points? It seems we can-
not. We cannot consider an appropriation bill
without having it ascertained by a day or two of
controversy, what we think it would he best to
do on a question of slavery, if, forsooth, it should
happen to come in; and men are to be denounced
upon this floor as unsound, as contiovei ting the
great principles of the Constitution, as being un-
worthy of political association, b-cause thev are
not willing to subscribe to ail thai doc tune which
makes a southern man slide easdv into Congress.
Sn, 1 am tued of it; and 1 ask a^ain, of any man
; and every man, do you intend to stand by the
. doctrine of the party, as hud down at Baltimore
| and Cincinnati, or not15 That is the question; and
theie is no misunderstanding what that ques-
1 tiou is.
! 1 have before me, Mr. President, (but I shall
; not take time, as I hed intended, by leading it,)
; precisely what the Senator from Dekware, (Mr
J Clayton,) who voted for the Kunsas-Nt braska
! bill, said about it; what the Senator from North
I Carolina, (Mr. Badger,) who voted for it, said
about it; what the Senator from South Carolina,
now deceased, (Mr. Butlei,) who also voted for
it, said about it. Every one of them gave the
same interpretation to that bill that the Senator
from Illinois has given to-day. Thev said that
Congress might part with all the power it pos-
sessed over the legislation of the Teriitory if it
chose. The distinguished Senator from South
Carolina said that he did not intend, by his action
upon that bill, to be held to say that he would do
it on every occasion. He said that if the Sand-
wich Islanders were the people under considera-
tion, he would not do it; but he was prepared to
say, and did say, that in respect to Kansas and
Nebraska, he did it because he deemed it wise and
proper. He said he did not believe that people
would undertake, while a Territory, to exercise
any authority over the question; and if they did,
their power to do so would be determined by the
courts, and to the courts he left it; that as a con-
gressional measure he delegated all the power he
had. That was the language of Mr. Badger; the
language of the distinguished men who advocated
that measuie. They used this phrase: they said
they left the Tei ritory a tub id a rasa, a clean sheet,
upon which were to be impressed such institu-
tions as the people chose to place upon it when
theycame to form a State constitution; that Con-
gress would not legislate slavery m or out; that
by repealing the compromise and placing what
was known as the Badger-proviso in the biil,
there was no slavery existing in that Territory.
That is what they said; that we started afresh;
and it was upon that occasion that I stated, that,
in my humble judgment, the laws of population
would make both of them free States when they
came to be admitted into the Union. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina sitting by me, said from
his seat, looking up in my face when i made that
remark, " I think you are right." The laws of
population have done it, and who is to blame ?
Has not the Democratic party of the North stood
faithfully by the compromise and the act' Point
to me the occasion where they have not, in Con-
ij giess or out of Congress, sustained the punciple
i: that the people resident in that Territory, forming
a constitution, should for themselves say slavery
or no siaveiy, and we would alude the result.
i\ow, sir, not having said one half of what I
desired to say if I could have got the floor in sea-
son to-day, but probably having said much more
than the Senate desire to hear, 1 conclude with
a lemark which I have mentioned elsewhere m
what 1 have said, that if the Demociatic party in
a body, if its able and efficient members through-
out the Slates, stand faithfully and earnestly by
this doctrine, our flag will remain m the ascend-
ant; but if you seek to overthrow it; if, having
said to the people for ten years thai you would
not interfere: if, having fought against congres-
sional legislation upon the subject of slavery in
the Ten itories, and insisted that they should not
vote to sustain it, you now turn around and ask
them to vote for u, you will find that they will
spurn you from the high and the low places. Tho
gieat body of the American people are not only
| honest, but putuonc. They will sacufice their
property, they will sacrifice their lives, anything
but tlx lr hon-'.r, to maintain the rights of their
country, the rights of every-pnrt of fhe country,
the Union indivisible, now and forever. That 13
their sentiment, and they will stand by any men
or any party of men who stand faithfully by that
doctrine.
Sir, whatever may be the consequences, I shall
feel that 1 have discharged my duty. I have spoken
upon this subject as long as> the great interests* or'
the country would permit. The appropriation
bills are before us unacted upon. Moments now
i are hours and weeks and months at the beginning
'■ of a session. They are more piecious than silver
; or gold; and the man who dares to trtspassort
i thnt tune improperly :s a bold man indeed. I
; could not ;n these, the ]ast hours of' my oceupy-
!! mg a seat in the Senati of the United States, see
' such an onslaught on the principles of my paity,
I such an attempt to oveithrow it, such adisresaid
; of its pnncipies and its plaifoim, without giving
1 my \ oice (,t w.\> nit,g against the consequences of
; the attempt, if it be pciSisted 111.
Air (-'LAY. i <lo not pionose, sir, to reiily to
. the argumvnf of the Senator fiom Michigan; but
I to answer his question. If ho had answered the
;i question propounded by my friend from Missis-
