180
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE;
December 22,
phere, as dangerous to our peace and safety. With the ex-
isting colonies or dependencies of any European Power
wo have net interfered, and shall not interfere. But with
the Governments who have declared their independence,
and maintain it, and whose in4ependence wo have, on
gieat consideration and just principles acknowledged, we
could not view any interposition for the puipoee of op-
pressing them, 01 controlling in any othci manner their
nestmy, by any European Power, in any other light than
a manifestation of an unfriendly disposition towards the
United States. In the war between these new Govern-
ments and Spafn, we declared our neutrality at the time of
.heir recognition ; and to this we have adhered, and shall
continue to adhere, provided no change shall occur which*,
in tlie judgment of competent authorities of tins Govern-
ment, shall make a corresponding change on the pan of
the United States indispensable to their security."
Following: up the same purpose, Mr. Clay,
Secretary of State, in 1825, directed Mr. Poinsett,
our Minister to Mexico, to—
" Bring to the notice of the Mexican Government the
)iio«Kigfi of the late President of the United States to their
Countess, on the 2d December, 1823, asseiting certain lin-
ponant piiticiples of continental law, in the relations of
J-hnope and Amenca. The first pimeiplo asserted in that
me.-sage is, that the American continents are not, hence-
fottii, to he conbideied as subjects for future colonization by
any European Powers." * * * * "There
i"« no deposition to distuib the colonial possessions, as they
now exL-t, oi any of the European Powers ; but it is against
the establishment of new European colonies upon tin* con-
tinent that the principle is directed " * * * *
" The jiHtice or pioprioty cannot be. recognised of aibitra-
rily limiting and circumscribing enteipiise and cnmmeice,
by the act of voluntauly planting a new colony, without the
consent of America, under the auspices, of loieign Powers
belonging to another and a distant continent. Emope
would be indignant at any American attempt to plant a
colony on any part of her shores, and her justice mu.st per-
ceive, in the into contended for, only perfect reciprocity."
The doctrine was neccssary to protect the in-
fant colonies of Central America, and it had that
effect—whether us a "mere dictum," or as a
great international axiom founded upon justice
and propriety, and dictated by the interests and
safety of this Republic.
if it is true, as I believe it to be, that the an-
nouncement of this doctrine had a salutary elluct
m preventing Spam from getting sympathy and
suppm t from her European neighbor, when she
sought their aid to reconquer her revolted colonies,
it 3s proper for us to insist upon it at the present
time. If this independence of the Central Amer-
ican States was necessary to our oemmtree then,
how much more so is it now, when England is
assuming the place of Spain, and by her inter-
pretation of the treaty is absolutely excluding us
from any influence on the Isthmus by the appli-
cation of the uile to this Go\eminent.
Biituh action in this matter has not been acci-
dental. Every step has been taken in pursuance
of a settled policy. Hut they wete undoubtedly
hastened by out acquisitions on tiie Pacific coa«t.
Theio ate some remarkable coincidences con-
nected with the.se movements,to which it may not
bo improper to refer.
Our war with Mexico commenced in 18i(>; and,
as eaily its the summer of 18-18, it was apparent
that we would acquire, or be compelled to 'take,
territory from her for indemnity, riesidcnt Polk's
administration instructed our commissioner, m
1^47, to make the cession of California and New
Mexico, as indemnity, an ultimatum. Wu had
possession of those tcnitones at that time; and
British .statesmen must have seen that that im-
poiiani Pacific territory would fall into our pos-
sesion. m which case, the Isthmus routes would
become doubly important to this country. Hut,
m addition to this fact, an Ametican company
was at this time negotiating with Nicaragua for
the piivilege of constructing a canal across the
Isthmus by the way of Lake Nicaragua. These
iacts explain the increased interest taken in these
nnuteis by Ihuam at that time.
Tlie spjnt manifested by England in these va-
rious and important acquisitions may be seen in
the correspondence which took place between the
Ihitish consul general and our charge d'affaires.
Nicaragua had ceded Tigre Island to the United
States in the spring of 1649; but, notwithstand-
ing this fact, (for so far as they arc concerned, if
made no diiFeronce whether the United States
desired the cession of that island or not,) Mr.
Chatfield took forcible possession of the island.
Against this proceeding Mr. Sqiuer protested, and
• it once notified Mr. Chatfield of the cession of the
island to tlie United States. Mr. Chntfiold replied
that Nicaragua had no right to cede any part of
her territory, " because, in the first place, it had
no claim even to a national existence; and, sec-
ondly, it could not exercise that right in tlie pres-
ent pase, because he, as British consul general,
had before intimated his intention of placing a
lien on the island in question." The consul gen-
eral refused to give up the island, but generously
promised to refer the question to his Government.
This was prior to their descent upon the Bay Is-
lands. His Government replied to the question
of Tigre Island, referred to it, by the seizure of all
the islands in the sea belonging to Nicaragua and
San Salvador.
I know not how other gentlemen view this trans-
action, but to me it appears to have been a most
unprovoked and inexcusable insult to our Gov-
ernment. A wrong which should have been re-
dressed at once, and in the most summary man-
ner, was entirely overlooked, because our Gov-
ernment did not approve the treaty negotiated by
Mr. Squier, and the insult was afterwards merged
in the Clayton-Bulwer ticaty, by which we have
been induced tosubraittofurtherand greater deg-
radation. I repeat, that so far as the insult is con-
cerned, it is not important whether we desired the
island or not. "VVe had, through our Minister,
negotiated for it, and it was ours so far as Britain
was concerned; and it was inexcusable for her to
interfere. England denied the ri^ht of Honduras
to cede any portion ofher territory, while she was
robbing this weak State of its most valuable islands
and seaports. All the possessions now claimed
by England in Central America, wer° acquired
in the most objectionable manner. She has no
claims there which v. ill bear mi investigation.
She has purchased nothing, and, according to the
laws of nations, she has gained nothing by con-
quest. She has not been at war with either of
these States, and hence she could acquire nothing
by conquest. All the advantages ever gained from
Spain, she yielded in the treaties of 17^3 and 1786.
Britain has gamed nothing in Cential American
States since their independence, which ought to be
recognized by civilized nations. She has neither
discovered or purchased rights there, and without
a legitimate wai, piopeily conducted, hlie could
acquue nothing by conquest. She has taken pos-
session of territory, of islands, of harbors, and
cities, without cause or justification. She has
driven peacoabje citizens from then possessions,
levied taxes upon unoffending people, and block-
aded their ports until the amount was paid, as in
the case of TruxiUo.
" Captain Nolloth, of her Majesty V ship Plum pci, form ally
presented a claim, amounting to $111,1)01, to the cominan -
(lame ot Ti umIIu . and, iaile:g p-n mem. look possesion of
th   town ami tort Thi^tlfnghted inhabitant^,havnigr.used
the gallant captain leit with the spoil lor Jamaica."
This 15 the language used by the excellent Eng-
lish missionary, Mr. Crowe. The same author
says:
'• With no other claim than what in a {folded by the tieaties
wish Spam, we have po-^e^ed ourselves of the actual siv-
eicmnty of teratoma on the noitheni shoies ot (he I5ay of
HoihIum-, expending over about twenty thousand Mjuare
mile-, or twelve million eight hundied thousand acies, ex-
clusive of islands and ke\ t>.
w We ii-tve taken and ictaken the impoitam Maud of
Itoutau no le-d than live tune-, and ate now (September,
Itff)!)) even lews the tight oi'soveieignty over it? fetulc lands,
which extend at least to one bundled and fifty ^quaie miles,
ot ninety n,x thousand acres.^
'• By virtue of a late treaty with one of the contending
paities in Yucatan, and on the scoic or assistance allotded
foi the publication of the peniiu-uia, dining Hie war ot
taoes, which is eail! tagum theu1, wo have obtained an «>x-
tentiou of limits on tlie noithein honndaiy of our Cential
American empire, extendingiiom the Kio ilondo to the poi t
and town ol Salamanca d" llatalai. thus includnm about
three thousand mk hunrlted stptaie miles, or two million
three hundred and foui thousand acred of additional teiri-
tory
u To the occupation of these extensive tracts of country
must be added the protection of the Mosquito shore, over
winch om Government exercises as much contiol as over
its own possessions, though in a somen hatles-, dm el man-
nei, or, r.Ulvr, by a mote nulnect course Tn addition irj
Join hundred miles of sea coasts, fioin tlie Kouan liver to
the San Junn del Norte, we have Intelv put lottli a claim,
in the name of the Waikna mohaich, to alient one hundred
miles mote of sea-coast, to the southwaul of the San Juan,
extending tlnongh the State of Costa Rica and pait of the
piovinceof Vtragua, as fai asCIitiiqui Lagoon; tints in-
cluding, altogether, at least thirty-seven thousand square
miles,wor twenty three million six hundred and eighty thou-
sand acies of piotoctoratc, including the occupation of
GreUown.
u Thu->, a^ the actual result up to the present time, ex
elusive ot such smaller items as Koatan and Tigre Islands,
we have a s?um total ot s>ixty thousand six hundied square
miles, or th'uty-eight million s<'vcn hundred and eighty-tour
thousand acies, over which we exercise full control, being
nearly a third of all Central America, and more than two
thirds tlie aiea of Great Bntain."
To all this territory Mr. Crowe says England
has " no other claim than what in afforded by the
treaties with Spain."
In this connection, it is proper for us to ascer-
tain whatclakn Britain acquired by her treaties
with Spain, ller first settlements were made by
pirates. The town of Belize was named after one
of the most notorious buccaneers, and was, for
a long time, the headquarters of the vile and the'
lawless—the common outlaws of the seas. They
were not recognized until they turned their atten-
tion to cutting1 logwood and other valuable tim-
bers, when they received sympathy and support
fiom England. Repeated attempts were made by
Spain to dislodge them from her coasts, but they
had the assistance of English cruisers, and the
work was not easily done. They maintained
their position, and were soon able to extend their
settlements into the Mosquito territory, fropi
which a few emissaries made a covert attempt
to colonize certain districts in Central America.
Their chicf object seemed to be to get control of
the line of country where the junction of the two
oceans was thought to be most practicable. At
this early period, (1740,) the project of a channel
through the river San Juan and lake Nicaragua
was conceived; and at that time it excited consid-
erable interest. While England pressed her in-
terests by the route across the Isthmus of Darten,
she was not careless of the route across the Isth-
mus of Panama.
In these piratical settlements Britain laid the
foundation for her claim against Spain for certain
limited rights in u the Belize." Their first treaty
! was made m 37(>3, by which England stipulated
! to demolish all fortifications erected by her sub-
! jects in the Bay of Honduras, and other places
in the ten itory of Spain in that part of the world,
within four months after the ratification of the
treaty; in consideration thereof Spain agreed to
permit them to cut, load, and carry away log-
wood, without molestation. This treaty con tin nod
until the clo&e of our icvoiutionary war; when a
treaty was made between Britain and Spain, at
Versailles, September, 1783. The sixth article of
that treaty reads as follows:
ct The intention of the two high contracting patties being
to piovent, as much as possible, all causes of complaint
and ini-!i!ulen-tandin  hetetotoie occasioned by the cutting
of wood for dyt inc, or losnvood ; and soveial English set-
tlements bavins been foi nied, under that pretense, upon the
Spanish comment, it i* expi^ly airieed that his IJiitamnc
Mjqosty's subjects shall have the right of cutting, lo.uhny,
and cairymg away logwood, in the dist; ict h mg between
the livers l ;t(iis,or Belize, and Kio Hondo, takmg't he com so
of the said two livers lor unalteiab'e botuulane^."
This article authorizes his Majesty's subjects
engaged in cutting wood to build houses for their
protection, and secures them all the rights gran ted,
but upon the express condition that the stipula-
tion should not be consi-dered as derogating in
anywise fiom Spanish sovereignty. Three years
afterwards additional articles were added by the
convention of July, 178G.
Article two of that treaty reads as follows:
"The C.uholic King, to piove. on Inside, totheKingof
Gieat Hiitam. the stneenty of Ins sentiments oi' friendship
towaids Ins Majesty and the Ihilish nation, wilt ^mntto
the Eiiiihbh moie extensive limits ihan i huso tpocified in the
lac-t treaty of peace, (1*K3 ^ and the <-;nd limits ot the lands*
added by the present convention shall in tnture be under-
stood in the manner toliowmg: the Ungli.-h brie, begin-
ning fiom the soa, shall take the c< titer oi the iiver Sihnn
or Javon. and ascend up to the soiiicc of said uver ; hom
thence it shall cross m astiai^htlnie the inte;mediate land,
Oil it mteisccts the i ivci Wain? ; and by the center of the
f-aid uver the line shall descend to tin- point where it will
meet the hue ahcady settled and marked out by the com-
missjoneisof the two Crowns tn ITcli; which limit, lollow-
ing the continuation ol the hue, shall be obseivcdas
tormeilv stipulated by the definitive treaty.
'•Art. 3. Although no othei advantages have hitherto
been m question, except that of cutting wood for d>cmg}
yet his Catholic Maje.-ty. as a greater ptoof of his disposi-
tion to oblige the King of Great Britain, will giant to the
English the Jibcity oi cutting all other woods, vviiiiont even
excepting mahogany, as well as gatheung all the fi tuts and
piodnce oi'the oaith, purely natuial and uncultivated,
winch may, besides being earned away m then natural
state, liecoiae an object ot utility orcornmetee, wlK'thei for
food or foi manufactures; but it is expressly aspeed that
this stipulation is never to he used as a ptete.vt for estab-
lishing in that eountiy any plantations of suigai, coffee,
cocoa, or other like articles, oi any fabric or manufacture,
by means of mills, or other machines whatsoever; Miice, all
lands in question being undisputably acknowledged to be-
long of light to the Crown ot Spam, no settlements of that
kind, orthc population which would follow, can be allowed.
The English shall bo allowed to uansport and convey all
such wood and other produce of tlie place;, in its natural
and uncultivated i tate, down the uvei-> to the &ca; but
without ever going beyond the limits winch are prescribed
to them by the stipulations above gianted. ami without
thereby taking an oppoilunily ol a&cendiug the said livers
