1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
181
beyond their bounds, into the countries belonsin^ to
•Spaih."
Articlo seven provides for the " entire preser-
vation of the rights of the Spanish sovereignty
over the country in which is granted to the Eng-
lish only the privilege of making use of the wood
of various kinds-," and it provides that the Eng-
lish " shall not meditate any more extensive set-
tlements than the one defined."
This treaty also required England to evacuqio
her settlements on Black river, and other parts
of the Mosquito coast:
" flis Britannic Majesty's subjects, and the othpr col-
onists who have hitherto enjojed the protection-of Eng-
land, shall evacuate the country of the Mosquito?, as well
as the comment in genoial,and the islands adjacent, with-
out exception."
To see that this was done, and that no further
settlements were made, Spain sent out commis-
sioners at different times, thus showing their de-
termination to secure the observation of the treaty
stipulations, to protect their territory from fur-
ther settlement, and maintain their soveieignty
over the country.
Jt is difficult to see what right England acquired
under these treaties further than that of cutting
dye-woods and mahogany; and yet we have seen
liow they have violated the express provisions of
the treaty of 1786, by continuing the protectorate
over the " Mosquito shore." It is true that most
of these extensions have been made since the Cen-
tral American States and Mexico achieved their
independence from Spain; but these States suc-
ceeded to the rights of Spain; and in the case of
Mexico, England thought it necessary to stipu-
late, in her treaty of the .26th December, 182C,
with that State, for the same rights and privileges
as she acquired from Spam under the treaty of
1786.
England can show no other right than that ac-
quired from Spam; and certainly she cannot jus-
tify her pretensions under the treaties to which I
have referred. Lord Palmerston was fully con-
vinced of this-fact in July, 1849; and m oider to
avoid the charges of gross violation of their treaty
stipulations, he attempted, and wrote to the Nic-
araguan Minister, to show that the Mosquito
territory did not form an integral portion of the 1
Spanish dominions in Central America; and that 1
in the treaties of 1783 and 1786, it was not a :
question of proving the rights of Spiin, lint one
regulating the relations of British subjects in their '
industrial pursuits. This may have been their !
object, but the Spanish King had different views j
of the convention, and through his commission- |
ers saw that they were carried out. j
The district was regularly visited by Span- 1
ish commissioners, who, in many instances, de- j
stroyed the improvements which had been made j
by the British settlers, and laid waste their plan- ,
tations of sugar-cane and other produce. These ;
acts England acknowledged as just, under the j
treaty. Some of the oldest inhabitants of the bay j
still retain vivid impressions of those visits, and ■
of the destruction of their property. The British
Minister can justify the spoliation of the territory
of the Central American States in no other way.
After making three solemn treaties with Spain,
in which she acknowledged, and pledged her na-
tional honor to observe, the sovereignty of Spain
over this very territory, English statesmen have
the assurance to deny that this territory consti-
tuted a portion of the Spanish domain. This in-
terpretation of the treaties of 1783 and 1786 with
Spain, is equaled only by their interpretation of
the Clayton-Eulwcr treaty. In the first, they
solemnly admitted the sovereignty of Spam, and
demolished their own forts, and evacuated the
territory4; they now pretend to deny that Spain
had any sovereign rights over that section, and
insist that the treaties with her were for the reg-
ulation of the rights of British subjects.
in the case of the Clayton-Buhvcr treaty, they
entered into equally solemn stipulations to evac-
uate their possessions and give up their protec-
torate in consideration of our agreeing not to
colonize any portion of the Central American ter-
ritory, and as a final settlement of the difficulties
caused by their attempted seizure of Iloatan,
Greytown, the Bay Islands, and other territory;
and they acknowledged this interpretation by
then- u declaration," specifying and reserving
their rights in the Belize. Yet, so soon as it was
thought necessary to give a different interpretation
to the treaty, they denied that the treaty had in
viewthesettlementof territorial rights, and treated
it as one having no other object than the security
and neutrality of the proposed canal route across
the Isthmus.
The whole object of British diplomacy on these
Central American affairs, appears to have been
to delay and embarrass until they could repudiate
and avoid the obligations accepted by herself—a
system of duplicity and of fraud equally dishon-
est and disgraceful. She has kept no engagement
made with Spain on this subject; and she will keep
none that she may make with the weak Central
American States. She4ias been true to the same
base policy so far as we are concerned; and 'she
will continue so until she is compelled to observe
her treaty stipulations by arguments of a more
forcible character. Britain has the same interest
in these Central American islands—these keys to
the commerce of the Pacific ocean—that she had
in Malta, which she considered the key to the
ioutc to India by the way of the Isthmus of Da-
ricn; and she is pursuing the same general pol-
icy. England saw the importance of Malta, and
wrested it from France. Afterwards, in the treaty-
of Amiens, England stipulated to restore Malta
to the order of St. John of Jerusalem, the Cape
of Good Hope to Holland, and Alexandria to the
Sublime Porte; but she refused to do either. Va-
rious cxcuses were given for her violation of the
treaty, but the true and only one was the import-
ance of the Island of Malta to her Mediterranean
commerce, and as an outpost on the route to In-
dia. Napoleon saw this, and took his position
boldly and distinctly, as we should now take ours.
He notified theBritish Government that peace or
war depended upon their evacuation of Malta:
''That lock of Malta, on which now foitifications have
hepn OH'cfpfl, is tlotib,k'--s of jno.u importance in a man
tmio posni of view; hut it has a value far more impoitant
m my eyes; it torn he? the honoi ol Fiance. What would
tbcwoild my, ifwn wen; to ,ui>mit to the violation of a
solemn fie'iiy c'mted bv oui-elves? Would they not doubt
om enemy ? For m\ seh', my pat t is taken : 1 would rathu
put \ou la po.-i-es^mn of the heights ol Monlmatuc than of
Malta 55
The time has arrived in the history of ournego-
tiations with England on Central American mat-
ters for something definite. They should be no-
tified that peace can bo maintained only by the
observance of her treaty stipulations, and that we |
mean what we say on the subject of the Monroe j
doctrine. If war conies, let it come; the honor of |
the country will be maintained, and the nations
will learn that they must observe their treaty stip-
ulations with us.
But we are told that England has formed an al-
liance with France intended for the west as well
as the eastern continent. Suppose she has; this
docs not change the principle of right involved,
or prevent other alliances from being formed, by
which her commerce can he ruined and her power
broken. This system of offensive and defensive
alliances is not new with England. European his-
tory furnishes many instances of a similar char-
acter.
When she first interfered in European affairs,
she practiced this system between France and
Spain. The friend of fust the one, and then the
other, until she weakened and injured both. She
next tried her skill in the north of Europe; and
the same policy enabled her to estrange and
weaken Denmaik and Sweden, and to secure an
ascendency of those States. She had barely ac-
complished this desirable end, when Russia de-
manded her attention. The Czar Peter aspired
to a maritime existence for his Government. For
a period the advantages England enjoyed in sup-
plying the wants of Russia, kept the two nations
on the most friendly terms; but after the alliance
between Spain and Austria, by which Gibraltar
was threatened, and the relations of the European
Powers were forced into new combinations, Eng-
land found it necessary to fit out three fleets, two
for the benefit of Spam, and one to protect Den-
mark and Sweden from contemplated movements
on the part of Russia. In this movement Eng-
land allied herself with the German States, and
Prussia and France, and against her old ally,
Austria. Soon after this, she renewed her rela-
tions with Spain; and by aiding or agreeing to
aid Spain m Tuscany, Parma, and Placentia, she
secured a full recognition to her claim to Gibral-
tar and Minorca. But in accomplishing this end,
she violated the provisions of the quadruple alli-
ance, and committed a breach against her old and
faithful ally. Walpole, however, succceded'in
quieting Austria by a secret negotiation, by whjch
he recognized the pragmatic sanction' and the suc-
cession of Charles VT.
Her next stroke of policy was seen in the man-
ner she avoided the war which grew out of ttie
Polish succession. In doin* this she violated a
dozen different treaties, with as many different
nations, and then succeeded by ingenious excuses
and apologies in satisfying the offended parties.
Elcr first difficulty after this period was wiih
Spain, in the war of 1739, which resulted from
her trespasses on the Spanish territory at" the
Belize," and her attempt to rob Spain of the com-
merce with her American territories. To correct
the one, and avoid the other, Spain was driven to
the use of the severest measures. She asserted
the right " of visit and search,"and attempted to
exercisc it. This England could not tolerate, and
hence her declaration of war against Spain. Can
we, with honor, permit England to do now, what
she refused to permit Spain to do in 1739? Wc
have her authority for denying the right, and we
should, if another offense is committed, adopt her
remedy. *
The ambitious policy of France, in the Austrian
war of succession, led England into a grand alli-
ance with Austria, Russia, and Prussia. Through
this combination she forced the peace of Aix-la-
Chapelle, by which Austrian interests were pro-
tected from French cupidity. First, the ally of
Austria, then of Spain, and then of France—for
and against each in their turn; and when her in-
terests could be promoted, it was of little import-
ance with which one she acted. In the next Euro-
pean war, she was against all her old associates,
having been forced into alliances with Prussia and
Sardinia and Portugal. In these relations she
was not faithful, but, forming a separate treaty,
she left Frederick II. to get out of the difficulty the
best way he could. In each qf the continental *
wars alluded to, the Spanish, the Austrian war of
succession, and in the seven years'war, England
had different allies; and in each instance she made
secret and selfish treaties, in which she deserted
her principal confederates.
During the wars of the French Republic, Eng-
land pursued the same crooked policy. First the
ally of one and then of another nation, but always
influenced more by her commercial interests than
by her treaty stipulations. While we are com-
pelled to censure her want of good faith, we can-
not avoid admiring her noble bearing, and of jus-
tifying her deep interest in a commercial policy
which has made her the great storehouse of the
nations. We envy not her prosperity, but we
demand the performance of her treaty stipulations,
whereby we may hope to have an equal chance
in the great race of civilization and national ad-
vancement.
I have thus alluded to British diplomacy, and
the manner in which that great nation has too
often violated its treaty stipulations, with regret.
Contrasted with these blemishes, there is so much
to admire in her past history and m her present
character, that they are almost forgotten in mak-
ing up the lecord of her greatness. But, there
has been sueli strange misunderstandings about
our Central American affairs; such repeated and
positive contradictions between their language
and their acts; such a dullness on their part, in
comprehending the English language, of which
they are unquestionably the accomplished mas-
ters; finally, such unwillingness to speak plainly
and act promptly, that very many honest people
doubt their professions of good faith^ and plain
dealing with us in the Central American ques-
tions.
Under these circumstances, it is excusable to
look into theirpasthistoryin such matters. From
these circumstances, in conneeiion with our ex-
perience already, it is not improper to doubt Eng-
land 's sincerity in what she now says. If it is
her intention to comply with the stipulations in
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,why not do so openly,
and without introducing her old system of trian-
gular diplomacy. This attempt, on her part, to
keep her treaty with us byenteiing into other
treaties with the weak States ol Central America,
promises no good result. It is her duty as an
honorable and powerful nation to meet this ques-
tion squarely and openly; and it is our duty to
demand ihia from her. We may, possibly,gain
the same result from the course proposed by Brit-
