182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
ain} but it will be done at the sacrifice of our in-
dependence and equality.
In my opinion, it is our duty to take the high-
est possible position on this question, and to main-
tain it at ail hazards. In this way, both peace and
honor can be maintained,but in no other course
can it bo done. Let it be known that the shadow
of our flag covers the ship with an enchanted at-
mosphere, into which no nation can penetrate with
impunity, and we will hear no more of "visit
and search," under any circumstances whatever.
Let the Clayton-Bulwer treaty be abrogated at
once, and if necessary, by force, and we will not
again be called upon to spend ten years in fruit-
less and irritating- diplomacy !
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to have read the resolution submitted by
the gentleman from Missouri, in reference to the
Temtovies of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That so much of said message and acoom
pruning documents as 1 elates to the Territories of ihe United
States., the Ofitablishuient of a territorial government over
Aiixona, and the provision for a general act lor the admis-
sion of the Tonitoiies into the Union as States, Co icleired
to the Committee on Territories. *
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to amend
that resolution by adding the following:
And that the said committee he anthon/ed and directed
to repoit to the House the toSlowing lull 
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have only to
suggest to the gentleman from Illinois that the
resolution ho refers to is not at this time before
the House. There will he the same course of
procedure, on the resolutions T have offered as
upon a bill; each lesolution will be taken up in its
turn; and all the gentleman can do now is to give
notice of his amendment. I have no desire to
•preclude it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois I think tiint I am
. in order in submitting my mohon at tins time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman fiom Missouri to make the point
of order, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois is not now m order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. I merely threw
out the sugiiebtion to the gentleman that we have
not yet reached the resolution which lie proposes
to amend. The resolutions have only been read
for information; and 1 made tiie remark in order
that the gentleman and the House might not be
taken by surprise.
The CHAIRMAN. When the resolutions arc
taken up fur final action, they must be taken up
as they have been offered; and the gentleman's
amendment will not be in order until the resolu-
tion has been reached which he proposes to
amend.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I understood the
gentleman from Missouri to submit certain reso-
lutions to this committee, and that these resolu-
tions are now before us for consideration, and no
one of them is entitled to any particular prece-
dence. I am aware of the Sensitiveness of some
gentlemen in regard to the amendment I propose.
1 gave notice on the 8th instant that I would ask
forleave to introduce iton the next, day, which was
two weeks ago, and I had it ready to introduce
on that day, but no oppoi tunity was theuafforded
me to do it. I hope, therefore, that my friend will
not insist on his point of order. If we are not to
move to amend the resolutions until they come up
for final action, one by one, we may never get a
chance to amend them. But still, if I am not
allowed to move my amendment, I cannot be pre-
vented from giving my views on the subject of my
proposition. Neither the Chan man nor the gen-
tleman from Missouri can gainsay that position.
Let the Clerk read the bill as a part, of my speceh.
The Cleik read as follow^:
A lull (<>i .in ael i;'.intmu (<> the peuph of (tie «-e\rial <>i
sjamxed 'J'ei lit nne- of the 1 mien State1- llie i erhr In provide,
tluou'ih then ie-pre<ive Let-Mannes, Joi the appointment
or election of then Govet noi judges and all othei ten itu-
i ml otiitcij-. m Mit.l) mode oi maimer as bind Legislaluiod
may by law deteimme.
J'c it cnnctcd In/ the Senate and House of Rppre<trv(a1}vcs
of Ike Untied Htataoj\'hflC) it a in Con^rc^ a^sembled. Thar
the penpioofthes>(.vera! oigaiii/ed Ten if'ne.-. ot ihe United
States he, and they are heiehv, authonzed and empowered
to appoint or eleiM theirGovet uoi->, judne.;, and all othei ter-
r<t )iial orlieers. in Mich mode or marine; a- then jopective
Lf'ir'-Utiues ma\ by law determine, and ro define their
jitA'/ei - and pie^eiilie then duties: Pro; ufed, That nothing
iiere.n contained. >h.\il he construed as to inteife;e with
t!r njit ..t lie1 "• i-pug o'Tieei-- m ^:u«l To,nioile-. <n fhn<o
ih.'f 5r<v h" !1 * i•1 ii(e«* appointed by the President, to hold
then ic-p -erne elhce, until then fcitccessojs aie appointed
orplected, and qualified in pursuance of the laws of said
1 erritories.
Sh.c. 2. And be it further enacted, That the people of the
Territories hereafter organized hy acts of Congress shall he
vested with the same right and power of appointing or elect-
ing their Governors, judges, and all other terruona! offieeis,
and defining their poweis and prescribing their duties,
which, by the provision of the foregoing section, are con-
ferred on the people of the Territories now organized.
Sec. 3. And be it further «tacted, That all suits and
causes of action m the said Territories, anting under the
Constitution and laws of the United States, shall be tried
at -mch times and in such manner as Congress may fay law
provide.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the people of any
Tcnitoryof the United States,"now organized, or which
may be iiereaftei organized, are hereby authorized and em-
powered to call a convention and frame a constitution pre-
paratory to admission into the Union as a State, in sucli
mannei as their Legislature may by law prescribe: Provided^
That application I'm such admission into the Union shall
not he maije until the population of such Territory shall he
sufficiently numerous to entitle it to one Representative in
the House of Representatives, on the basis of the apportion-
ment of rppre<entation established by Congress for the sev-
eral States.: And provided further, That no such application
shall he received or entertained by Congress until the con-
stitution fiamed for said Tcriitory shall be submitted to the
people thereof, by a direct vote, for their approval or iejec-
tion, and shall have been approved by a majority of the
legal voters of said Teiritoiy: And provided Jurlher, That
nothing hciem contained shall operate against the immedi-
ate admission of Kansas and Oregon into the Union.
Sf.c. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of act1* coming m coutlict with this act be, and the same are
hereby, repealed
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, it
will be remembered by the committcc, as I have
already stated, and desire to lepeat, that some
two weeks ago I gave notice to the Mouse that on
thenextday I should ask permission to introduce
the bill which has just been rend at the Clerk's
desk. I have earnestly sought, sir, from that day
to this, for an opportunity to introduce it, that it
might come before the House for Us considera-
tion. No such opportunity having been offered
me, I have been compelled to resoit to having it
read as a part of my speech, that I may show that
I was in good faith in the notice I gave.
I do not propose, however, to stop now and dis-
cuss the merits of that measure. I am desirous
that an examination of the bill shall be made by
each member of the House, and that it shall be con-
sidered by the countiy; and if it shall be thought
just and right1, as I believe it to be, that it will re-
ceive the .sanction of Congress when we come to
a final vote upon it. I shall offer it to the House,
not for the purpose of gratifying any idle curios-
ity, nor, as some gentlemen m'ght suppose, for
Buncombe; but I shall offer it in good faith, be-
lieving it to be just and proper.
Mr. Chaiimnn,thePresident, inhisnnnual mes-
sage, has seen proper to open the whole subject
of our difficulties; with Kansas and our relations
to the Territories, and to assume to instruct us in
reference to our obligations toward them. 1 re-
gret this deeply; but there is no one responsible
for it but himself. I can say, for one, that when
I returned to this House as a Rcpiesentative from
the Slate of Illinois, I was in hopes that old issues
which had passed and gone would be suffered to
sleep. Hut the)' have been revived; and the same
line of policy which has been pursued by the Ad-
ministiation and its friends, from the opening
of the Lecompton question down to the present
moment, towards the Democracy of Illinois—and
everything indicates it—is to be followed up.
But I will not now enter into a discussion of
the message, or that policy in detail. I will not
now pause to vindicate the Democracy of the
State which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent. Its history, sir, speaks for itself; and is a
ptoud and enduring monument to its fidelity to
principle. Its banner, in the hottest and fiercest
political battles that have ever been fought in the
nation, has never trailed in the dust. That State
has never east her electoral vote for any other
than the Democratic candidates for Piesjdent and
V ice President. And yet, sir, the Democratic party
theie has been subjected to the humiliating spec-
tacle before the nation of hawng its bravest and
truest men biought to the guillotine, and their
places supplied by miserable scoundrels and syc-
ophants. I will say this much now; and if oc-
casion offers, I intend to prove to this House and
the country the character of these miserable crea-
tures, who crowd around the public table for the
crumbs that may fall from it. Thank God, sir,
the true-hearted sons of Illinois value their prin-
ciples far above place or official position; and
these vampires who have sloughed off from the
moral face of society, and who congregated here
last winter for the loaves and fishes, while they
hold their placcs, do so in defiance of the public
wish, and at the pricc of public scorn. And, sir,
when the proper time arrives, I shall call names;
I shall produce records; and I shall show that
some of the most infamous men that have ever dis-
graced public station or society, have been placed
in official positions in Illinois, over the heads of
brave,and true, and good men; and asid«e from
the record, I will prove it, in part, by their turning
State's evidence on each other.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand my colleague to say that persons of that
description have been appointed to office by the
present Administration ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have said, Mr.
Chairman, what I have said. I have nothing to
take back. I have nothing to retract from the
course which 1 have heretofore thought proper to
pursue upon the Lecompton question. I do not
mean to say that the character of the individuals
alluded to was known to the Presidcntor the heads
,of the Departments at the time of their appoint-
ment. I simply charge that such men have been
appointed to office, and as to how far the heads
of Departments here are responsible or culpable,
is a matter for future consideration. I merely
charge the fact, that in consequence of our differ-
ence with the Administration in reference to the
Lecompton constitution, the Democracy of Illi-
nois have been pursued and hunted down every-
where by Federal patronage and power. Be it
so; it will make no difference in my action here as
a Democratic Representative upon this floor.
I have said, sir, that the Lecompton question
was the origin of all this hostility towards the
Illinois Democracy; but I wiil notsay that. No,
sir, this war is upon Illinois'distinguished Sena-
tor, and its origin liesaway behind that. Lecomp-
tonism was merely seized upon as a pretext to
rally an opposition to him.
But I am fearful that I shall occupy too much of
the time of the committee. I wanted simply to say
this: that we were hunted down in consequence
of a difference of opinion between us and the Ad-
ministration on one question alone; that every
Democrat in that State who dared to take his posi-
tion in opposition to the admission of Kansas,
under the Lecompton Constitution, was pro-
scribed; and I now repeat that no other class of
Democrats has been so treated.
I could not, yesterday, help reflecting upon the
sad—I had almost said melancholy—condition
of r.iy distinguished friend from Virginia, [Mr.
iVIji.lson.] In discussing the pension bill, he was
unfortunate enough to say to the member from
Pennsylvania, that he thought he was advocating
it because he saw specific duties in it. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania nodded assent. By the
remark of the gentleman from Virginia, he cer-
tainly left the impression upon the House and the
country, that he was opposed to- specific duties.
1 will shake hands with him upon that position.
I am opposed to specific duties as much as he is;
hut 1 pitied his condition, because 1 did not know
but before night be mightbe roadoutofthe Dem-
ocratic party at the White House ! He chose to
differ from the President. We chose to differ from
the President, and that was the result with us;
and I do not know why he should be made an
exception to the rule.
But, sir, my object in introducing the bill which
was read at the Clerk's desk, is to relieve the peo-
ple of the Territories from Executive influence,
Executive power, and Executive interference, as
they are, and of right should be, relieved from con-
gressional intervention. I think I can; as I shall
at the proper time undertake to do, demonstrate
that we have the constitutional power to confer
this light upon the people of the Territories,and
that it is our sworn and bounden duty to do it.
When that is done, we shall hear no more of the
agitation of the slavery question within the walls
of this Capitol. The evils which have grown up
in the Territories in their domestic affairs have
principally arisen from the mismanagement of the
executives who have gone into them; and it is far
better that you should leave the men who have
settled them to regulate their own affairs,and select
their own officers, than it is for Congress or the
President to do it for them.
I shall endeavor to show that while the Gov-
ernor of a Territory is responsible to the Piesi-
