1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
for his principles. We stand upon no scctional
platform; we present no scctional issues, but
issues as broad ns the whole country; and wo are
coming to take possession of this Government to
administer it, for the wiiole country, North and
South; and neithersuflfer monopolists of the North
or the South to control its administration and so
shape its action as to subserve the interests of
the aristocratic fe.w; and the man who thinks to-
day that the Republican party is either a Whig
party or a Federal party, simply deceives him-
self. The questions which divided the Whig and
Democratic parties for the last twenty years are
all settled, and no more the subject of controversy
than the war of the Revolution, or the war of
3812. It is, therefore, no doctrine of the late
Whig party for which we are contending; it is
no such policy with which wc are dealing; it is
not the purpose for which we are organized. We
have organized, and are organizing ourselves to
be the true, advancing, progiessivc Republican
party of this country, which, from its earliest his-
tory to the present hour, has organized and re-
organized itself once in about every generation.
The tiue Republican party of America never
dies; though its organization and name and mem-
bers may sometimes change, the party itself is
as eternal as truth and justice and fr< edom itself.
1 ts leaders may betray or desert iis principles, and
for a time arrest its onward march; but it reor-
ganizes itself, casting off the men and caucuses
and conventions that would mislead it, as the
eagle changes his plumage or the tree iis useless
foilage. Go back to the Revolution. It organized
spontaneously in the Boston tea party; it organ-
ized upon principle; it went Cor the freedom of
the colonies upon the land; it carried it through,
organized the Government, and then di>solvcd
its own organization.
In .180U, it reoigamzed itself again, and under
what circumstances? It was when the Congress
of the United States assumed to exercise the
power, in the States, to indict, punish men for
libel in the Federal courts, and those courts de-
clared those laws, which everybody now concedes
were dangerous usurpations, to be co KtitwtKM.ul
and binding. Then it was that the Republican
parly of 3800 reorganized under the lead of Jef-
ferson and Madison, by the resolutions of Ken-
tucky and Virginia, in which the rights of the
States were declared, and m which it was declared
that the Supieme Court of the United States had
not the i i^ht to decide for the people of this coun-
tiy, ami beyond any appeal, their political opin-
ions. We admit that the Supieme Court may
decide a given case, and so far as (hat paiticulur
ease is concerned, there is no appeal; and of ne-
cessity the decision is final, but final only m the
ease which is decided. It by no means decides
any other ease. It is the business of courts not
to make the law, but apply the law as thev un-
derstand it to a case presented for their decis-
ion. It neither binds other supreme couits nor
any oiherdepartment; nor is it binding even upon
itself. In this very Drud Scott cast1, tin; court,
in « fleet, overrules its own opinions as declared
on several former occasions.
Hut, as I said, Mr. President, the Republican
party was organized in 1800 to put down Fedeial
usuipation. It remained oigum/.ed, and fought
the war of 3812 for the freedom of the sea, when
jt dissolved. In 3810, Mr. Monroe was
e'ee'ed without any opposition whatever. In
J*2-1, at the close of Ins Administration, there
weiefour Republican candidates tor the Presi-
dency. Mi Ciawford was the caucus candidate,
ihe eandidateof the healthy oi ionization ; Gen-
( ral Jackson was a candidate o[ tin* Republican
paity; Air. Adams was a candidate of the Repub-
lican pjiry, and All. Clay el so was a candidate
of the Republican party. Mr Ci awford had the
nomination of the healthy organization; but what
did General Jackson cars.- about that? Packed
np by thy real Republican party of the country,
hi> strode light over your caucus nominations.
[I." paid no attention to them v hife*. er. To be
.-n.e he was defeated m 18:2-1, but he was elected
in 1808. lie was "not oven then nomin it-Mi by a
eorj\ention; he was nominated by tee people in-
dependent of all national conventions; and this
wh°h' convention system, commenced in 3^3*2,
\\ as a contrivance of Air. Van i'uren for the pur-
pose of ascertaining who should be permitted to
inn to; Vice President under f'enera' Jackson, not
for the purpose of nominating General Jackson
himself. This whole caucus machinery was trod-
den under his feet when he led the Republican
party into power in 3828.
How is it now? Since 1848, since the close of
the Mexican war, there has been no question be-
fore the American people which divided the old
Whig and Democratic parties. The bank ques-
tion was settled; the tariff question was substan-
tially settled; the Independent Treasury system
was settled; the Mexican war question was set-
tied in the nomination of General Taylor. Could
any man in his senses suppose that a Whig party
any longer had any existence, except in mere
name, after General Taylor was nominated for the
Presidency in 3848? There was not a single doc-
trine of the Whig party represented by General
Taylor when he was brought forward as a can-
didate; and why was it that General Taylor was
elected? Simply because General Cass put for-
ward, in 1848, that same heresy winch, when
consummated by Congress in the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, distracted and divided the
Democratic party—ay, sir, which has absolutely
broken it to pieces, and which now scatters it in
fragments before us, as we see it here to-day.
What was that heresy? The heresy put forward
by General Cass was, that Congress has no power
to legislate on the subject of slavery in the Ter-
ritories of the United States. What was the result
upon General Cass of the promulgation of that
j heresy? The men m the State of New York who
! had been schooled in the school of Jefferson and
! of Jackson, and thought moie of principles than
. of mon,^aid to General Cass and his friends that
! he could never be made the President of the Uni-
ted Slates upon any such fatal heresy as that;
| and though they could not consistently vote di-
: rectly for General Taylor, whose opinions they
could not positively know, they could throw away
. their votes on Mr. Van Buren, and elect General
' Taylor, and they did it, and did it for that reason.
We met you at Baltimore in 1848; and when you
undertook to change the Democratic faith, to dictate
to us, and to force us to surrender principles which
had been steadily maintained by the tiue Demo-
cratic-Republican party of this country for iifty
years, we told you that, if you insisted upon it,
we would overthrow General Cass and your so-
called Democratic organization; and we did it.
What was the result? General Taylor was elected,
and California came into the Union as a free State.
Your slavery-expanding policy, which forced
General Cass upon the Baltimore convention,over-
reached and defeated itself. Every struggle you
make for that purpose will bring home to you, in
the end, disaster, disappointment, and defeat.
In 1S52, there was no question raised between
the Whig and Democratic parties. When Gen-
eral Scott and General Pierce were nominated for
the Presidency, no question of principle was raised
between the parties in 3802. It was a simple
question of men. They both stood precisely on
the same platform, both pledged beft rc the peo-
ple of the country that they would never reagitate
the slavery question, in or out of Congress. This
was the pledge upon which we elected General
Pierce. Upon that pledge I stood before the peo-
ple of Wisconsin, and asked them to vote for
General Pierce. I said to them that the whole
slavery question was settled; that California was
admitted as a liee State; that the Missouri com-
promise had excluded slavery north of 30° 30' in
the territory acquired from France; that the laws
of Mexico "had excluded it from New Mexico and
Utah, and all that territory which we had acquired
from Mexico. That question being settled, all that
we asked u as peace; and we elected Genera! Pieice
upon the express ground that we should have
peaee. We iiad peace for nearly two years, until
38.>4. Then it was that Air. Dixon, a Whig from
Kentucky, threw this firebiand into the Demo-
ciatic party. Air. Dixon, as a Whig Senator from
Kentucky, moved to repeal the Missouri compro-
mise. The Democtatic party denounced it as vio-
lating their pledges; as p opening the slavery agita-
tion; the Washington Union denounced n; your
Committee on Territories denounced it in advance,
but that committee yielded its own opinions m just
twenty days. Some motive, some influence, some
power, was brought to bear on that committee,
which compelled them to yield up one of the old-
est and most sacredly-established doctrines of the
old Republican party. They brought in this
measure. They called it a Democratic measure.
The result has verified the predictions of Benton
and Houston. Distracted, disrupted, belligerent,
the Democratic party, under its present organi-
zation, is crumbling to pieces very much like the
Republic of Mexico, where we bear of constant
revolts, pronunciamientos, and revolutions. This
one m in the ascendant to-day, and then that one
is in the ascendant to-morrow. The organization
of that party is broken up, and broken up because
its self-confident leaders, trusting in party ma-
chinery more than in principle, cut it loose from
the safe moorings wheie it had been held for more
than two generations. This madness was fol-
lowed up by an attempt, through force and fraud,
to establish slavery in the free Territory of Kansas.
All the power and patronage of the Administra-
tion have been wielded for that purpose, but in
vain. The free white laboring men of Kansas
have stood in the Thermopylae of liberty, and
Kansas is free.
Mr. President, what we have heard here to-day
illustrates and shows most conclusively, that,
with all our boasting, after all, the men of to-day
are not so much wiser than their fathers. Wash-
ington, and all of his Cabinet, and so I may say
of every Cabinet, and of every President, and of
every Congress of the United Sates, from the be-
ginning of the Government down to Mr. Pieive's
administration, always maintained, asserted, and
exercised the power of legislation over the Tem-
tories on this very subject. If it were possible,
in imagination, to bring before us those great men
who have now passed away; suppose it wcie
possible to bring before you in imagination, as
occupying the seats you now occupy, Washing-
ton, and ail his Cabinet; Jefferson, and all his Cab-
inet; Monroe, and all tps Cabinet; Adams, and al)
his Cabinet; Jackson, and Tall his Cabinet; Polk,
and his Cabinet: if it were possible to bring all
these men within these walls, and to bring here
also all those thousands upon thousands of thy
greatest and best men which our Republic has
ever produced, and which made up all the Con-
gresses that sat during the administrations of these
men, and you were to put to them the qtustion
whether the Congress of the United States has
the power to legislate on the subject of slavery in
the Territories of the United States, what would
be their answer 5 Sir, judging by their actions
and their b\es, there would be but one united,
affirmative, unanimous response. I undertake to
say that no man of any distinction in the United
States ever doubted the power of Congress to
legislate on this subject, until about the time Gen-
eral Cass gave expression to that heresy in 1847.
Mr. President, when this question came before
the Cabinet of Mr. Monroe, of which Mr. John
Ctuincy Adams and Mr. John C. Calhoun weie
members, Mr. Monroe asked his Cabinet to give*
him their opinions, in writing, on the question
whether Congress had nr had not the power to
legislate on this subject; and they gave a unani-
mous opinion, including Mr. Calhoun himself,
that Congress had the power. Down to the time
when General Cass expressed his doubts as to
the power, no man of any distinction in the coun-
try ever raised the question, or ever doubted the
power.
Sir, if anything illustrates the fact which I have
stated, that we arc not to-day so much wiser than
our ancestors, it is what we have seen and heard
from the other side of the Chamber. We hear
those who advocate this modern heresy, boast
that they are the advocates of popular sovereignty,
that the people of each State must form their in-
stitutions for themselves. Who denies it ? Who
ever did deny it? Since the days of our Revolu-
tion, who ever questioned the right of every State
to form its own institutions? That is not the
question at all, and never has been. The question
whether the Congress of the United States has
the power to legislate for a T< rritory while it is a
Tcnitory? I, too, believe in what may be de-
nominated popular sovereignty, even in the Ter-
ritories of the United States; but the popular sov-
eieigntyin the Territories for which I contend, is
the sovereignty of the people of the United States,
it is the people of the United States who are sov-
ereign in the Territories, through their repre-
sentatives here in Congress. The icsponsibility
is upon us to revise their legislation. We cannot
shirk that responsibility if we would. Yuuhuve
attempted it m Kansas, and failed.
