1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
Mr. President, the proposition now pending
before tile Senate legitimately follows the amend-
ment introduced by the Committee on Finance.
The Committee on Finance propose to expend
$20,000 for the purpose of taking a census pre-
paratory to bringing Kansas into the Union as a
State under this provision of the English bill.
Sir, we cannot vote upon such a proposition, nor
can we suffer such a provision to be incorpor-
ated in a law that sanctions that provision of the
English bill, and therefore it is necessary, so long
as this has been adopted in the bill itself, that
there should be added to it this amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New Hampshire, to
repeal this restriction contained in the English
bill; an odious restriction upon the people of
Kansas, which has never beenputupon the people
of any other Territory in the history of this
country. It is necessary to repeal it; otherwise
you make an odious distinction against the peo-
ple of Kansas. We have admitted Oregon with
what has been estimated at fifty thousand popu-
lation. We have admitted Florida and several
other States into the Union with a much less num-
ber of inhabitants than Kansas has even now.
Why put this odious restriction upon the people
of Kansas? How can a man consistently insist
upon such a restriction being put upon that peo-
ple which you have never imposed upon any
other. I say to Senators upon the opposite side
of the Chamber, it is but just that you repeal
this restriction. Go with us and repeal it. Let
us have an end of this controversy about Kan-
sas. This is the way to end it, and the only way
you can end it. If you refuse to do it, they will
appear here next winter with a constitution under
the law which they have passed. Then agitation
will again be reopened. Why will you place
them in a condition to keep up this continual agi-
tation ?
No. one on this side of the Chamber intro-
duced this topic now. You introduced it your-
selves. So it has been through the whole of this
session. Not a word has come from this side of
the Chamber upon any of these agitating ques-
tions, until you have thrust them in upon us. You
tlilust Cuba upon us. You compel us to enter
upon a discussion. You proposed by your amend-
ments here, that this census of ICansas must be
taken under this English bill, in effect, and you
force us to the discussion, and yet complain of
agitation. Go with us, Senators, let us repeal
this restriction. Let them form their constitution
and come into the Union, and then we shall have
an end of this controversy, in relation to Kansas,
now and forever.
I feel a deep interest in this question. I hope
the amendment will pass, and tlmt those who
control the majority of the Senate will see the pro-
priety of allowing it to pasa.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I did not be-
lieve, when this debate commenced in the morn-
ing, much less when the debate commenced yes-
terday, that anything would be said, or any
amendment proposed, that would draw me into
the discussion; but, after some things that have
been advanced on the other side of the Chamber,
which seem to make it necessary that there should
be a reply, I find myself in this necessity, at this
hour of the night to be compelled to submit the
remarks to the Senate which I have to submit;
because the Senate will not adjourn to give an
opportunity of submitting these remarks on to-
morrow. Of that I find 110 fault. The Senate
can and will govern, and has the right to govern,
its order of business. If it is thought advisable
that wfc debate here to-night, in order to give ut-
terance to what we lmve to say, then we shall, of
necessity, be compelled to utter what we have to
say here to-night. I do not choose, on that ac-
count, to forego what I have to say.
This debate springs up upon the amendment of
my colleague. There was, in the act of June 4,
1858, which has been called the act admitting
Kansas into the Union, or prescribing the man-
ner in which she may be admitted into the Union,
a provision that, if she did not accept certain pro-
posals that we made in that bill, she should remain
out of the Union of the States, in fact, until she
had the necessary population for a Representative
in Congress. There was a piovision in the bill
that when she, by a census actually taken, found
herself possessed of a sufficient number of per-
sons in her Territory, then she might form acon-
stitution and apply for admission as a State. That
was, in fact, a prohibition upon her, a declaration
by the Congress of the United States that she
could not come into the Union until she had that
requisite number of population. My colleague
has brought his amendment here which proposes
to repeal that restriction, to provide that she may,
when she has formed her constitution, apply here
for admission into the Union,and become one of
the States.
Now, sir, I shall take gentlemen on their own
ground. They offer the strongest reason why
Kansas should be admitted as a State. I want to
take these gentlemen on precisely the ground
which they put forward here, not because I be-
lieve it is true, not because I believe it is consti-
tutional, but because I say it affords a ground
why Kansas should be admitted. It is this: they
declare, as the doctrine now established by the
Dred Scott decision, that slavery is carried by the
Constitution into the Territories of the United
States; that is, according to that decision, by the
force of the Constitution itself, it is carried every-
where, in all parts of the territory of the United
States. Then, by the force of that decision, it is
carried into Kansas, because Kansas is a Terri-
tory. The slaveholder, to-day, under that de-
cision, can take his slaves into Kansas and hold
them, if that decision be true.
But these same gentleman admit that, when the
State comes into tlie Union, if she prohibits it by
her constitution, she can exclude them. Then, I
say, end this slavery agitation and admit her and
let her exclude them, and that is the whole of it;
that will settle the question; Kansas vvoiTld be a
free State; but she cannot prescribe to herself
her own rules, and make herself a free State, until
you do admit her upon that supposition. If it
was properly before the court, and they decided,
in that Dred Scott decision, that the Constitution
carries slavery into the Territories of the United
States, then it goes into Kansas by the force of
that decision; but when Kansas is admitted as a
State she has the power by her constitution to
prohibit it; and that is the reason why she should
come in, and this agitdtion will be at an end. I
say, these gentlemen by their own showing fur-
nish the strongest ground for repealing this dis-
tinction, and letting her come in as a Slate.
But, sir, I desire to submit a remark or two
upon some things that have been advanced during
the day by the other side. During this discussion
1 could not help thinking how far we had swerved,
how far we had wandered, how far the good ship
of State had drifted in the course of seventy years.
Irving, in his Knickerbocker's History of New
York, tells us a story of an old Dutch ship that
made as much leeway as headway. We have
made more leeway than headway; ay, sir, we
have put up helm, turned about, and gone the
other way. What was the policy of the Govern-
ment in its early inception? We had certain Ter-
ritories; it was tho policy of the Government to
exclude slavery from those Territories, to provide
homes for free men; and they consecrated all the
territory we had forever to freedom. We went
011 with that policy for fifty or sixty years. Then
we heard first of the doctrine of non-intervention;
then we were told this policy of yours is all wrong;
the fathers of the Government were all,wrong;
they had no right, and they should not have exclu-
ded slavery from the Territories; we want you to
give us a fairchance there; you shall notinterfere
and we will notinterfere. The Democratic party
said amen to that; the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
formed, by which it was provided that slavery
shall not either go in by act of Congress, or be
kept out by act of Congress.
There it stood in 1854. We have gone on from
1854 to 1858 and 1859, in four or five short years,
and now, instead of the policy of tho fathers, that
you should interfere for freedom, Senators de-
mand that the Government shall interfere for
slavery. They say this: the Constitution carries
slavery into the territory of the United States;
but, when they get there, they must have some
law protesting them. It will not do to leave them
there. If a man carries Ins slaves into the Ter-
ritories, he must have some law to protect those
slaves theie. They will run away; they will not
be useful to him; there must be some law to make
them useful, and some law, says the Senator from
Mississippi, which shall afford "adequate pro-
tection." That is it; the protection must be full
and adequate. If, ill the Territory, they will not
provide a law for protecting slave property, then
Congress is to provide the Iaw> That is the way
in which we are now to turn diretttl-y about in our
policy in regard to the Territories.. We formerly
passed laws to protect freemen; to make free ter-
ritory; to exclude slaves from it. Now we pass
laws providing that slaves shall go there by the
force of the Constitution, and their be protected
by us when they get there. That is the policy
of the Government. Now, if we have not made
more leeway than headway, I do not understand
what is meant by those tcrms.-
I wish, Mr. President, to submit to the Senate
a few remarks upon this question of the power
of the Constitution to carry slaves into a Terri-
tory. I understand it to be maintained 011 the
other side of the Chamber by virtue of the Dred
Scott decision. I undertake to say that that de-
cision does not go that length; and if it did, I de-
siie to call the attention of Senators to the pro-
visions of the Constitution, that they may see, and
that we may form our ownjudgment, as to whether
the Constitution carries slavery into the Terri-
tory. I understand it is asserted that the Consti-
tution recognizes slaves as property. I say here,
and 1 say it deliberately, as a Senator who has
looked over the Constitution, that the Constitu-
tion nowhere speaks of a slave as property, never
recognizes him as property in terms. It always,
whenever it refers to the slave, speaks of a " per-
son," and not property. "Persons" escaping
from labor should be rendered back, not property
escaping from labor. The Congress shall have
110 power to prevent the importation of such " per-
sons" as the States'may think proper to import,
not property. The representation is founded upon
" persons," three fifths of all other " persons,"
not three fifths of property. There is not a pro-
vision in the Constitution in which it recognizes
a slave as property; not one. When the Constitu-
tion gives you the power, as it does, on provid-
ing that the slave shall be returned who escapes
from one State into another, it speaks of him as
a " person," and does not go one jot or one tittle
beyond that. So far from the Constitution carry-
ing slavery into a Territoiy, I maintain that, bv
the Constitution, when a slave goes into a Terri-
tory of the United States, he becomes, by that
very act, free. I ask Senators to, look at this a
moment. The Constitution provides that when
a person held to service escapes from one State
into another—into another what? Why, into
another State, not into another Territory. When
lie escapes from one State into another State, he
shall bo surrendered up; he shall not on that ac-
count be free, but shall be surrendered up; that
is when he goes from Maryland into Pennsyl-
vania, or from one State into another State, ha
shall be surrendered up; but there is no word in
the Constitution that when a slave escapes from
one State to a Territory, that you can go and de-
i liver him up—not the first word.
I make this point: when you take a slave from
a Territory of the United States by force of your
fugitive slave law, and carry him back into servi-
tude, you do an unconstitutional act; ail act that
you have no right to do. The Constitution gives
you no warrant for any such thing. It is 111 re-
straint of liberty, and must be construed strictly.
When a slave escapes from one State into another
State, you may take him and carry him back;
but when he goes from a State into a Territory,
your Constitution gives you no power to touch
him, and you cannot carry him back. Now, by
the Constitution, take your pound of flesh, but
not one drop of blood. If you can take him in
the State by that Constitution, take him in the
State; but when you claim, or anybody else
claims by this Constitution to go into a Territory
and take the slave there and carry him back into
I servitude, it is not nominated in the bond; it is
! not here; you overstep the bound of your Con-
stitution. Instead of providing laws that, when
the slave goes from a State into a Territory, you
shall protect him as a slave there, I say repeal
the law of Congress which take® and brings him
back; because you have power to do it. I sliall
rejoice in the opportunity, Mr. President, the first
time I can get a chance to give a vote for amend-
ing that fugitive slave act in that way, so that you
j shall not take a person escaping from a slave State
| into one of the Territories of the United Statea.
I You have no power to bring, hiffl back.
