1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
No man can show me in this Constitution the
first word, the first sentence, the first syllabic,
that gives you any power in the territory of the
United States to take a slave, and bring him back
into servitude. He is free. He has gone out
from under the law by which he is held in ser-
vitude. He cannot carry the law which has held
him beyond the bounds of the State. No, sir;
thank God those chains are broken, or meant to
be, and when he goes over the bounds and be-
yond the jurisdiction of the State which held him,
he becomes a free man, and it is entirely uncon-
stitutional to take him in a Territory, and carry
him back into servitude. There is no provision
for it in the Constitution, and there was a good
reason why it was not put in. Here were the
thirteen old States, and a patch of territory on
the northwest of Ohio; by the ordinance of 1787,
the fathers of the Government had provided that
you mi^ht take him and carry him back; but they
confined the provision of the Constitution to the
States. They did not contemplate, as the Dred
Scott decision says, any new territory, and hence
they did not put it in. So now when a slave goes
outfrom a slave State into the territory of the Uni-
ted States, I maintain that he is a free man, under
the Constitution, and I hope in God the time may
soon come when the law, instead of protecting
him as a slave, shall protect him as a free man,
and when anybody attempts to lay hands on him
as a fugitive slave, it shall smite That hand down
and say: " you are a free man here; you brought
no slave laws, no chains, no fetters, when you
escaped; the Constitution gives no power to bind
them upon you; we will protect yon, and you
shall not be returned into servitude.5' That is
the sort of intervention that I want; not an in-
tervention in the Territory to put the chains on;
but an intervention under thp Constitution that
shall strike the chains off.
Mr. President, I want to say a word upon a
subject which was largely debated during the last
session of Congress, though 1 shall not speak of
it in the view in which it was then debated. It
has been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States; it has been deoided by the highest
courts, not only in the free States, hut in many
of the slave States, that shivery was local; that it
existed only where the laws gave it sanction, in
the States which provided, either by custom or
hy express enactment, for its existence; as, for
instance, it exists in Virginia, and has existed
there almost from time immemorial, since it has
been a State; it exists m North Carolina; but
the doctrine is well established that when a slave,
hold under the law of one State where slavery
exists, goes out from beyond those laws, his fet-
ters fall off. Now, let us apply that doctrine to
the Territories. That was the doctrine early after
the formation of the Constitution? Here is a
slave, who, if you please, starts from Virginia;
while in Virginia the slave law of Virginia at-
taches to him; when he got s beyond the line of
Viiginiu the Virginia law ceases to operate. He
then goes into the next State until he leaches a
Terntoiy; and when he has got into a Territory
the laws of all the States have ceased to operate
upon him, and then is under the law of the
Territory, under the Constitution of the United
States. Now, sir, this is the point: is there any
provision in the Constitution, or anything that
can be construed into it, which extends the slave
law of Vngima, whence he fled, into the tciri-
tory of the United States, and holds that slave
byit? That is the point. Are these slave laws
of that elastic, India-rubber kind, that you ean
stretch them not only over a State, but from one
end of the continent to tlu> other, and make him
a slave in that way ? You have gor no other law
of the kind that will doit; and the very provision
put in this Constitution, that when a slave did es-
cape in that way, and went into another State, he
should be returned, shows that the framers of the
Constitution did not understand the law in that
way. They understood distinctly that when a
slave escaped fiom one State into another State,
he should notthefeby be fiee, though it was a free
State, but he could not carry the law with him;
and hence the provision of the Constitution that
he should be returned. There was a necessity
forthat constitutional provision, but they did not
put in a constitutional provision that you should
take him out of the Temtory and carry him back.
Now. tit:?, confine yourselves to the Constitu-
tion as it reads; to its letter and i*s spirit, which
is in favor of freedom, for establishing freedom
for our posterity, and let its provisions attach to
the largest number and bring the greatest good.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will give way,
as it is about ten o'clock, I should like to move
that the Senate adjourn. [" Oh, no."]
Mr. CLARK. I will conclude what I have
to say in a short time. I should myself prefer to
finish my remarks to-night, for I do not propose
to occupy the time of the Senate more than a few
moments longer.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is getting pretty late. "We
have now been here ten hours.
Mr. CLARK. I fully appreciate the motive of
the Senator from Rhode Island. I should have
been glad to have been dismissed long ago; but
I saw it was the determination of the Senate not
to adjourn. In that determination I acquiesced.
I do not feel that Senators should sit here to hear
anything I have to say as a matter of courtesy.
I shall soon close my remarks, and will not take
it unkindly if I am left alone.
I desire, Mr. President, before I close, to make
one remark growing out of this Dred Scott deci-
sion. Here, in the Constitution, you find the
provision that Congress shall have power to make
the necessary rules and regulations to govern the
Territories:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all neeiilul rules and regulations i expecting the te/ritory or
other piopeity belonging to the United Stales.."
The Supreme Court, in the Dred Scott decision,
have ui^lcrtakcn to say that at the time the Con-
stitution was formed, we had only the territory
northwest of the Ohio river and east of the Mis-
sissippi; that it was not contemplated we should
have anymore torritoryat the time that provision
was formed, and hence, that provision was not
intended to apply to any new territory, and, on
that ground, they say it does not apply, and, '
therefore, the Missouri restriction is void. Now
the question I desire to submit to the considera-
tion of gentlemen is this: that piovision of the
Constitution, they say, did not apply to the new
territory; now, then,if that provision did notap-
ply, I want to know how any other provision
does apply? If that does not apply, because we
did not contemplate having any more territory,
then the other provisions do not apply, because
we did not contemplate having any more terri-
tory. If that provision, and the rest of the Con-
stitution, does not apply, then howdoes the Con-
stitution, by force, carry slavery there? The
leason of the court is that, at the time the Consti-
tution was formed, we did not contemplate having
any more territory; therefore, that provision does
not apply to it. Then, I say, with equal force the
other provisions of the Constitution do not apply,
because we did not contemplate it. You admit
the whole ground away when you say you did
not contemplate new territory, and, therefore,
that does not apply; because the other provisions
of the Constitution could not apply any more than
that one, because you did not contemplate having
more territory. Then, if there is no provision in
the Constitution applying to the new Terntones,
I ask you how you disposed of the new territory
beyond the Mississippi river; how you formed it
into new States? The Dred Scott decision gets
new territory to form into States; butmyanswer
is, Congress did not contemplate having new ter-
ritory, and, therefore, that the Constitution did
not apply to any new temtory you mightobtam.
So, Mr. President, 1 do not see how there can be
anything found in the Constitution, from one end
of it to the other, looking through all iis sections
and all its provisions with the cotemporaneous
history of the Government, and by the light of
that history, that should say it carries slaveiy
from any old State into a new territory and pro-
tects it there. This is the doctrine of the gentle-
men on the other side.
I wish to say one word more upon another
topic, and then I shall yield the floor. I do it
with some reluctance; but having propounded a
question to the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] this foit-noon, to which I leceived no di-
rect answer, 1 feel called upon to make a remark
or two here. Senators around me will remember
that when the Senator from Mississippi was on
the fiocr, he alluded to going out of the Union,
secession from the Union, and I askod him the
question, how that wjs to be done' I h  J often
heard people say they were going out of the
Union, but I wanted to know how it was to be
done. I called his attention to it. He did not
tell me how; lie did not tell the Senate how; but
he said when they undertook to do it, they would
show us how. Now, sir, it is the part of the
wise man, who contemplates an act like that, to
know the way in which he is to do it before he
attempts it, and to see where it leads, and what is
to be the end thereof. It is not exactly sufficient
to say, we will show you how when we begin;
when we go we will make our trail broad enough
so that you can see. I can conceive of the de-
struction of the Government, and I can conceive
a ruin, that would not leave a trail; but I have
looked the Constitution through, I have looked
the theory of the Government through, and I will
thank any gentleman who can tell me how you
are going out of the Union. This Government
was not formed by the States when they came
into the Union. That was not the theory; it is
not the declaration in your Constitution. Your
Constitution says, not we, the States, form; but
we, the people of all the States; " we, the people,"
form it; and they made the Constitution for all
the States, and they did not leave any door by
which a State could go out. The people of the
States got together and formed the Government.
They made a consolidated Government for certain
purposes, and they did not make any provision
in that Constitution for any State, or any portion
of the people, going out from under that Govern-
ment. I will tell gentlemen, when they under-
take to go out, they go without warrant from the
Constitution; nay, more, I say this; there is but
one way out of this Union, and that is through
the door of rebellion. You may say you will not
obey the law, but the law will be over you still.
Senators here may say, " we will not sit here;
we will go home." You may go home, but the
Union and the Constitution will exist, and that
Constitution will be over you; and if you refuse
to obey the law, you make yourself subject to the
penalty of the law. Senators may say, "you
cannot enforce the penalty; we will combine, and
you shall not enforcc the penalty." Exactly, sir,
and that is just what I say; that is rebellion. The
door is through the door of rebellion, when you
go out, and there is no other way.
Now, sir, is it becoming in Senators to stand
up here and say, in the way they do, " if you do
not pass such and such laws, and do not give us
our rights, we are going to rebel against the Gov-
ernment." You may do that. I admit there may
be a rebellion which would crush the power of
the Government, or which may defy the power of
the Government, to speak more correctly, but I
do not believe that any State or any gentlemen are
going to take that course. There is no other
course pointed out. The course of resistance to
the law is the only course by which you can break
up this Union. It is horrible to contemplate, Mr.
President. It is not enough to say, " we will
show you the way when we go." It is well for
you to contemplate a purpose so destructive to
the Government; to all Government; it is well,
1 say, to look long befoie you decide, to se^e clearly
whore you go.
Mr. SMITH. I know it is late Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator give way
for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. SMITH. I propose to occupy only ten
! minutes. Mr. President, I rose for the purpose
] of submitting a very few observations. I think
! it is mete I should respond very briefly to the
I Senator from Wisconsin. I had the honor of
1 that gentleman 's acquaintance some twenty years
I since, when we were citizens of the same city;
i and I bear him testimony that, at that time, he
I was what was regarded as a sound and radical
j Democrat. To-night he has favored the Senate
1 with a very good stump speech, which would
! have sounded very well in that day, at least a
very considerable portion of it. Pie has under-
| taken to enlighten the Senate as to the grounds
1 of his dcfecuon and alienation from the Demo-
: cratic paity. I would have known, sir, had he
I not dwelt so extensively upon that subject, that
' lie had left the Democratic party, inasmuch as hs
J has predicted, with a great deal of assurance to-
: night, the dismemberment and the defeat of the
j Democratic party. It would be cruel in me to
■ 10b him of that hallucination; for I have discov-
