1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
timony may not be sufficient to justify the com-
mittee in making a favorable report. I will merely
say that Colonel Turnbull was an officer of great
merit, a man of pure character, whose small pay
barely enabled him to support his family, and he
died as officers of the Army usually do, leaving
nothing behind him for the maintenance of his
family. Indeed, one of the best officers in the
Army, and one of the raost honest men I have ever
known, (and that his word may have weight, I
will say that I allude to the present Quartermas-
ter General,) once told me that if an officer of the
Army got rich, he ought not to hesitate to let
others know that he had become so honestly, that
he ought to be ready, on question, to show where
he got the money, for it could not be got out of
his place, for his pay was but a poor support. I
think this enters fairly into the consideration of
pensions, because if we retain in the service men
of high capacity, men who could get high com-
pensation 111 civil pui suits, and retain them for
small amounts, it is to be supposed that they must
expcct to reap by liberal construction whatever
advantages the pension laws would give. I think
this case comes within the spirit of the pension
law; and I hope, therefore, the bill will pass.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. I wish to state a word
in explanation, not to continue this debate. There
was no written report from the committee. The
truth is, I presume, that the matter was not prop-
erly attended to by those who had it particularly
in charge for Mrs. Turnbull. A statement in
writing was fuinished by General Scott. He
came to me and brought the paper voluntarily,
and then held the conversation which I have, 111
part, repeated, in regard to Colonel Turnbull and
the origin of the disease of which he died, hand-
ing me at the same time a paper to be used before
the committee. This, business commenced m the
other House, and the paper passed from me to
some person there, and has been lost. Finding this
to be the case, when the committee of the Senate
was about to act on this matter, 1 gave General
Scott notice, and requested the committee, as I
think ray friend fiom Iowa [Mr. Jones] will recol-
lect, to summon him as a witness. I wanted the
'committee to hear General Scott, to have him be-
fore them, to examine him. General Scott was
notified and attended here; I saw him in the Sen-
ate Chamber. It was not convenient for the com-
mittee to meet on that day; but some of the gen-
tlemen of the committee conversed with him, and
told him that would suffice, for they would re-
peat what he said to the committee. In the va-
riety of business and avocations of that period of
the session, this business, I suppose, was but
very imperfectly attended to.
General Scott attributes the origin of Colonel
Tunibutl's death to his being frozen and ex-
hausted at Vera Cruz in the manner I have stated.
Tho physicians whose certificates are on file, not
knowing of that occurrence, speak of his rheuma-
tism as being the result ot his service at Oswego,
and other points in the north where he was sent
to superintend the construction of public works.
They did not know what General Scott knew, and
General Scott did not know what they knew. But
the service at the north, afterwards, on the water's
edge, and in that climate, was altogether coopera-
tive with the cause occurring in Mexico; and in- (
stead of there being different causes assigned by ;
witnesses contradicting each other, each of them i
assigns causes of the same character, all contribut- !
in°" to the same result. lie (tied ot disease con- |
traded in the line of his duty. Whether it was in j
Mexico at Vera Cruz, or whether it was on the j
northern frontier, is not very important; but the I
more rational way of considering it, is to suppose 1
that one of these causes aided the other, and led
to the final catastmphe, his death. I think it is
;ts plain a ease made out of a man dying from
disease conti acted in the public service as 1 have
seen before the Senate, except where tho man was
actuallv killed m battle. _ * \
As for the amendment that is proposed to re-
duce the pension to thirty dollars a month—lam
perfectly willing to accede to anything which will ;
he most acceptable to the Senate; and if I knew i
that thirty dollars would be more acceptable to
them than the fifty dollars fixed by the bill, 1 ,
would instantly aicree to make the alteration; but
I observed that in the cases of Mrs. Worth and
Mrs. Gaines, and in other cases to which my at-
tention was called, the pensions had been fixed at
$G00 a year. There are some gentlemen opposed
to the passage of a bill like this in any shape; hut
still, if it is to pass, it is another question whether
it ought to allow the more competent sum; and
surely it is only a bare allowance lor a widow
with children, of $600 a year, or the inadequate
sum of $360,a year. If anybody desires to make
the application for the reduction, I shall not ob-
ject to it; but it seems to me that this family is
as well deserving as any family can be of the pen-
sion of ^G00 a year; and Congress has carried its
liberality up to that point in other cases.
Mr. JONES. I must, in justice to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, say, that they did investigate
this case as thoroughly as they ever did any case,
in my opinion, that was ever presented to them.
The testimony before the committee varied as to
the cause of the disease which led to the death of
Colonel Turnbull; but I am one of the members
of the committer who heard the statements of
General Scott. We summoned him to appear be-
fore our committee, which he failed to do; but he
did make such a statement to me as satisfied me
that the origin of tho disease-which terminated in
the death of Colonel Turnbull was at Vera Cruz,
as stated by the Senator from Kentucky and the
Senator from Mississippi. He said that his suf-
ferings continued from that time until the day of
his death; And that he knew he never did recover
from the disease (rheumatism) which finally term-
inated his life; and that the surgeons of the Army,
who were consulted and who attended him during
his sickness, certified that that disease continued
from the time he was in the service at Vera Cruz.
That was the reason which induced me, as one of
the members of the committee, to vote in favor of
reporting this bill; and I think it is as strong a
case as any, and much stronger than a good many,
which we pass through ourcommitteeand through
the Senate, 1 hope the bill will be favorably acted
upon.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I think that the
honorable chairman of the committee [IV11. Jos'Eb]
is a little mistaken m one point of his statement;
that is, that the surgeons certified that the disease
of which Colonel Turnbull died continued from
tho time of the injury to his health at Vera Cruz i
until his death. _ '
Mr. JONES. I say General Scott said that; !
but some surgeons differed.
Mr. FOSTER. On the contrary, 1 think the
testimony is the other way. The certificate oQhe
surgeon, now among the papers, is, that Colonel
Turnbull did not have the disease of which he died
, until he was stationed at Oswego, in the State of
New York, which was years after ho had been at
Vera Cruz. If that was the disease which occa-
sioned his death, as is claimed, it is not a disease
which had any reference to service at Vera Cruz.
He was stationed at Oswego, and there had the
rheumatism during the winter, and asked for a
continued leave of absence, because that climate
was too rigorous for that disease at that season
of the year, (the winter,) and he had his leave of
absence prolonged to JNoith Carolina, where he
died.
It is exceedingly unpleasant to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, to oppose ;iny of these bills. On the contrary,
it has been my misfortune to have advocated many
that the Senate have not thought proper to pass.
I have no doubt—and if I had, certainly the testi-
mony which is here borne to the gallant services
of Colonel Turnbull would remove any doubts—
£S respects the great debt of gratitude which the
country owes him as a gallant and distinguished
officer; but this case cannot be distinguished from
the great majority of cases of the death of otHcers
while they arc in service in tho Army. If this
bill passes, there should be a general law to give
to the widows and childien of meritorious and
deserving officers an amount at least equal to this.
That Colonel Turnbull was meritorious and de-
serving, m a very high degree, 1 have no doubt;
but we should not pass such a general law, I ap-
prehend; and if not, I confess I do not see how
we can pass this bill.
Mr. CLAY. I move to strike out " fifty" and
insert " thirty." The cases of Mrs. Gaines and
Mis. Smith are not parallel cases. Their hus-
bandswere majors general. Thehusband of Mrs.
Turnbull was a colonel; hen^e, there is a diifer-
| ence in rank, and the Senator from Kentucky
' knows that these pensions have been graduated
according to rank. 1 do not pretend to say that
that is a just or wise method of apportioning the
bounty of the Government; but such Jlas been,
the system of the Government hitherto. The
objection to allowing Mrs. Turnbull this^sum of
fifty dollars a month is, that we shall- be called
upon to raise the pensions of all other widows
of colonels to the same amount', and I do not see
how those who have passed this bill.can refuse
the same thing to other meritorious cases of the
same rank. Hencel move to strike out " fifty "
dollars and insert " thirty'' dollars.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had assorted the pa-
pers in this case, for the purpose of easy reference,
particularly the certificates of the surgeons.. I
stated before that one of the surgeons, a young
gentleman, Dr. Coolidge, did not know probably
what General Scott knew as to this case, not
having been in Mexico. He did not know the
shock which this gentleman's constitution re-
ceift'd there. Here is the certificate of. another
sui^eon, who does not make the same statement
as Dr. Coolidge. Dr. Coohdge did not know that
Colonel Turnbull had rheumatism until long-after
the war with Mexico, and he was engaged m ser-
vice at Oswego, and so hevstates; but it is not
, contradictory to General Scott's statement; it, ia
j not contradictory to the statements of the others.
That was all he knew about it. I say it is clear
that he died of rheumatism contracted m Mexico.
Now, I beg leave to read a very brief letter fur-
nished in the testimony in this case, by a friend
and neighbor of his, a gentleman known to us all,
Mr. Thomas Carroll,
" In reply to yout inq'uries of yesterday, I have no hes-
itation m expressing my firm conviction that tin? seed* of
Uie disease winch terminated Colonel TurnbulPss life were
imbibed bj' litm duimg Ins service in Uie Mexican war.
Having known Colonel Turnbull for the lust thirty years,
having raided in his immediate neighboihood more than
twenty of them, and lmvms enjoyed the privilege of great
intimacy wuh hi  lunnly. i am enabled thin lo speak con-
fidently. Colonel Tmnbuli, a young man, was remarkablo
foi hi-> extraouhnary physical power"; and when he returned
from Mexico. In* lannly and Ins fiicndrf weie shocked by the
[ %ad lavages winch the peivice had made on Inn appearance
| and constitution, and I have a veiy distinct leeoMection that
] a few days atteiwaid, I think in Novnnbej or December,
j 1855, on his return fiom the notihem hikes, and when he
■' was a cripple and almost depuved of the powei of locomo-
tion by a sevcie neuralgic ntfeelion, that he then informed
me that it was in consequence ot the prostration of ins sys-
tem in Mexico, and e.\pieced the opinion that lie would
never iceover therefrom."
That is the last word I have to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator fiom Alabama.
The amendment was agreed to.
j The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
; and the amendment was concurred in.
| Mr. IVERSON. I know it is a very ungra-
| cious thing to oppose a bill of this sort; for the
1 bill under consideration is certainly one of those
! cases which appeals strongly to sympathy. It is
i notlnngmorenoriessthanameregratuity. There
| is no justice nor right in it, nor is it pretended
I that there is any. I do not rise, however, for the
! purpose of debating this case, but to state a fact
| to the Senate. We have a bill upon our table,
; just sent from the House of Representatives,
j which grants a pension of ninety-six dollars a
I year to every officer and soldier who is alive that
I was engaged m the war of 1812, and to the widows
I of those who are dead. By a calculation which
;1ias been made upon very reliable data, that bill
j will draw from the Treasury $18,000,000 a year;
! and here is a proposition to extend even that sys-
| tem, to give a pension to the widow of an officer
j who died in the service, without any evidence
that his death resulted from wounds or from dis-
ease contracted in the line of his duty. If we do it
in this case, I ask what is the reason we should not
do it, as the Senator from Connecticut has very
i properly said, m every case, and not only grant
| a pension to the widow of every officer who dies
; in the service, but to the widow of every soldier;
i for I do not see the least distinction between a
! soldier and an officer ? If one is entitled more than
' the other, it is the widow of the poor soldier.who
i trudges along and exposes his life on all occa-
' sions, and who lias nothing to leave to his widow
i and children to supportthem. Officers have high
• salaries; they have high social position; they have
! many advantages that soldiers do not have; and
; so hare their widows and surviving children. If,
! therefore, there be any regard to justice or pro-
! pnety, the soldier ought to be entitled to the
| bounty of the Government rather than tho officer.
