1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
does Congress, then,get the power to extend the
fugitive slave law to the Territories of the United
States? It gets it by virtue of its general power
over the Territoiies. Congress, having the au-
thority to govern the Territories while they re-
main in the territorial condition, may, if it thinks
proper, extend the fugitive slave law to the Ter-
ritories; not by virtue of that express clause in
the Constitution which authorizes the reclamation
of persons escaping from service or lahor in one
State into another, but by virtue of its general
power over the Territory. That is the only way
that it can exercise this authority of reclaiming a
fugitive from a Territory at all.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] ar-
gued to-day that the great principle of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act was non-intervention; that Con-
gress would not intervene on the subject of slavery
or any other subject; that Copgress surrendered
up to the Territory, at the time that it was cre-
ated, all its powers over them. Why,sir, that is
contradicted by the act, from beginning to end.
Every section m it is a contradiction of that as-
sumption. Congress did no such thing. Some
one stated in debate here to-day, that a former
Senator from California (Mr. Weller) moved to
strike out of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, when it
was pending, a clause which required the laws
adopted in the Territory to be reported to Con-
gress for revision; stating, that on the great prin-
ciple of non-intervention which they were adopt-
ing, it would be improper to require these laws
to be submitted to Congress, and he would not
vote for the bill if that clause was in it. Why, sir,
the whole clause, as I said, from beginning to
end, is nothing but intervention. It intervenes
even to the extent of fixing the jurisdiction of a
justice of the peace. It intervenes by declaring
what officers they shall have in Kansas; how many
members of the Territorial Legislature they shall
have; what their pay shall be, and what courts
they shall have. All these things are prescribed
by act of Congress to a peop"le who are told they
are not to be interfered with at all.
I suppose I will be answered in this, by saying
that what is meant is, that Congress did not in-
tend to intervene on the subject of slavery. Well,
sir, that is not true. Ths-y did intervene on the
subject of slavery, by extending the fugitive
slave law into Kansas. In express terms, they
extended the fugitive slave law to Kansas by the
organic act. That was a direct intervention on
the subject of slavery. They intervened in an-
other respect; and it is manifest, from the lan-
guage of ihisact.that its framers expected slavery
to exist in Kansas. I will read a clause of it, pro-
viding for writs of error and appeals from the
supreme court of Kansas to the Supreme Court
ot the United States. There is a law limiting the
right of appeal to cases where the amount in con-
troversy exceeds a thousand dollars; except—
'•That in nil casus involving titles to slaves, the said
wnts of erroi and appeal shall be allowed and decided by
sneh supreme court, without legard to the amount of the
matter, pioperty, or title in controversy.
Here was a direct provision, looking to the
holding of slaves in the Territory of Kansas, and
giving the owner of a slave a special privilege. If
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas should pass
a law prohibiting slavery, and under that law the
slave should setup his right to freedom in Kan-
sas, this Kansas-Nebraska bill conferred on the
person claiming to be his owner the right of takiug
that case to the Supreme Court of the United
States, though the negro might not be worth fifty
dollars, or fifty cents—a special privilege conferred
upon the owners of slaves by this Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, which was framed on " the great prin-
ciple of non-intervention." Now, sir, is not this
demonstration that there is no such principle in
the bill ? that it was not formed upon any such
principle as that of non-intervention? It is a con-
tradiction and an assumption to say that there is
any such principle in it.
1 wish to sav a word upon another point. I do
not mean to detain the Senate more than five or
ten minutes. It is said that by the Constitution
of the United States, as expounded by the Su-
preme Court in theDred Scott case, slaves are put
on the same footing as other property, and that
therefoic a man has a right to take them into
Kansas, ant. hold them as slaves as long as the
territorial condition continue^!. I deny that the
Constitution gives any such right, and that the
Supreme Court has made any such decision; but i
for the sake of argument, admitting that the Su-
preme Court has made a decision that under the
Constitution of the United States a man has a
right to take his slave to a Territory, and that the
Supreme Court has decided that to be the mean-
ing of the Constitution, thea it is said that the
Territorial Legislature may still exclude slavery,
just as it could any other property, 4n<l that it
may exclude any property. I deny it. I (leny
that it can exclude any property, or that slavery
is, in any sense, to be placed on the same footing
as any other property. Other articles are recog-
nized as property by the universal law of man-
kind. A man has a right to the hoise which he
has in his possession, wherever he goes, and he
may reclaim that horse if taken from him in any
partofthe world. Even among savages, this right
to property is recognized as well as in civilized
nations. But there is no such general right of one
person to hold another person m slavery; and it
is only by virtue of the local law that one man
holds another man in slavery. It is by force, by
arbitrary power, the power of the statute.
The cases are not at all alike. If they were
exactly alike, then, sir, I would concede that you
could not exclude slavery from a Territory. You
could not exclude them if the title to slaves, and
the title to articles of property, stood upon the same
footing. I do not believe that the Territorial Legis-
lature can, by law, prevent my going in to a Terri-
tory, when it is open for settlement by the law of the
United States; orcan take my knife in my pocket,
or my watch. That would be depriving a man
of his property without the judgment of his peers,
or the law of the land. I could reclaim my prop-
erty, my watch, that was taken from me, in Kan-
sas, by virtue of the principles of the common law
which prevail everywhere in this country; and
when courts were established there, I could sue
out my right without any statute or enactment, in
Kansas, to recover my watch, or its value, by
bringing the common law action; but I could not
maintain any such suit for a slave. The differ-
ence is, that the slave ceases to be property the
moment it is taken without the jurisdiction which
makes him a slave. It is upon this principle that
we say that slavery does nut exist, and cannot ex-
ist, in any Territory, without a positive law to
establish it. But, if we put it on the same footing
as other property, and if the Constitution of the
United States declared that a man should have a
right, in so many words, to hold another person
as a slave, in any other part of the United States,
or in any Territory of the United States, in the
same manner as he held it 111 any State of the
Union, by virtue of State law, then 1 would admit
that the Territorial Legislature could not exclude
slavery. But theie is no such clause in the Con-
stitution. There is nothing in the Constitution
establishing, slavery anywhere. There are m it
provisions referring, I admit, to slaves, not by
name, but referring to persons who we know by
the history of the times to have been slaves.
My object in rising at all was to present these
two or three views: to show that the difficulties
which have come upon the country have come
upon it in consequence of the false policy of 1854,
and owe their origin to the passage of this Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill; that the so-called Democratic
party, now in power, has departed from the prin-
ciples of Democracy; that it does not advocate
one principle of the principles of the old Jackson
Democracy. It is not economical, but it is ex-
travagant. It is not for a strict construction of
the Constitution, but is liberal in its construction
of that instrument. It is not lor State rights, but
it is in favor of consolidating all power in the
hands of the Executive. It does not protect the
rights of the States, for you have seen them tram-
pled down in the Indiana case. There is not a
single featuie winch formerly distinguished the
Democratic party, that is now advocated by the
so-called Democracy of 1856 and 1858; orif advo-
cated it is not practiced. Sir, the bill brought in,
known as the force bill, to confer the power of
making war upon thePrestdent,athis discietion,
is not only a violation of the Constitution, but a
violation of the cherished principles of the Dem-
ocratic party and the old Republican party, the
pred'ecessor of the Jackson Democracy. 1 wanted
also to call attention to the true theory, as Icon-
ceive, in regard to the government of the Terri-
tories; which is, that the power in reference to
i them is in Congress, to be delegated or not, as.
, Congress shall think best; and to what_ extent
; is to i>e delegated Congress is to determine. Con-
gress having delegated ajl its legislative authority
over slavery in tho case of Kansas, therefore thf
people of (Kansas, during tlieir territorial
ence, have the right to exclude slavery. Whether
it was wise t<? delegate that power or no{, may
b,e another question. I believe tht)t Coogre^a itself
should exer-cise that power.
Having sai(l this much, so far as .1 cOtit
cerned 1 willing to take the question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN.. If you can, Mr. Pre$-
idenl, after such a lapse of time, inform me pre-
cisely what the question is, I shall be prepared to
vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Houston
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
submitted by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is tp
insert the following as a new section;
JhuI be it further enacted,, That the first section of the act
enlitled " Ad act for the admission of Kansas into tho
Union," approved May 4,1858, be, and the same is hereby,
amended by striking out the following words, to wit:
" whenever it is ascertained by a census, duly and legally
taken, that the population of said IV.iritory reaehes or ex-
ceeds the ratio of representation required for ft member of
the House of Representatives in the Oongiess of tlie United
States," which words are hereby icpealed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot perceive, Mr.
President, what possible effect the repeal, or the
refusal to repeal, this law is to have. Whenever
Kansas shall present herself here for admission,
my vote will not be at all affected, whether that
law is repealed or not; and i think I can say that
the vote of no Senator here can possibly be influ-
enced by such a consideration. if this is the case,
have we not been engaged in a most idle debate?
If we adopt this amendment, it may lead in the
other House to a debate as protracted as wc. haw
had upon it, and may endanger the passage of this
important appropriation bill. No good is to be
gotten in any view of it. Why, then, is it to be
pressed? Why are we to endanger this bill, or
why, when but one short week of this session
remains, hazard anything and delay the consum-
mation of our business here? I declare, sir, I can
see no reason on earth for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I will state what I suppose
to be the reason. I suppose it is this: there is an
existing statute of Congress which expressly pro-
hibits the people from framing a constitution and
Slate government until they have this population.
Now, then, if they go on under the territorial lu\v
! to form a constitution and State government, it is
in defiance of the act of Congress; and law-abid-
i ing citizens in Kansas would refuse, perhaps, to
I do so until this inhibition of Congress is removed.
It would not be binding upon us. It would not
bind me at all. I should not feel any difficulty in
; regard to the action of Congress; but a citizen of
Kansas, or a member of the Legislature of Kan-
sas, law-abiding men, may feel embarrassed by
this existing provision of the statute m Ins Way,
which forbids any action until they have this pop-
ulation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I must be governed in
my vote on this occasion by the influence which
i it will have on mo. So far as respects my vote,
: the repeal or refusal to repeal the law will not
' have the slightest effect. I must act upon my own
| conviction, then, about it. I am no Democrat,
and you know it. I am no Republican, and ?ou
know it. I therefore strive for no paity victory
on either side. I want the business done and pro-
ceeded with; and 1 would, if I could, take any
course to avoid the agitation of this slavery ques-
tion. What good has it ever done? I ask those
who would propagate slavery and those who
; would propagate anti-slavery, what effect have all
' the struggles which have so affected this country
; produced"? Look back to the one and the other,
1 and see if you can claim one spot of territory that
has been consigned to slavery, or%ne spot of ter-
ritory that has been redeemed from it, by it.
Mr. DURKEE. We made Kansas a free
Stale.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; Kansas is an
exemplary instance of the contrary. - The one or
the other party have sought to accomplish ob-
