1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
jects there; but they did not effect them. Now,
sir, after twenty years of slavery agitation, what
has either party effected? I ask gentlemen can-
didly to review the history of the past in this
respect. The question of slavery has been de-
termined by gfeat natural causes, and so it will
be. Mighty efforts have been made about Kan-
sas. Is it not exactly the way it would have
been by the natural course of emigration and of
population ? It is exactly the way it would have
been; and vet, we have had a world of trouble
and a world of national dissension about it. So,
on the other side, I might ask, what has been
gained? Nothing at all. Efforts have been made,
and have been fruitless. The justice of the Amer-
ican people, the influence of the Constitution, and
natural causes, control this question, and have
always controlled it. Nothing has been done;
and I regret, sir, that we are doomed to the per-
petual reagitation of this question of slavery.
I am no party man. I simply want to proceed
straight-forward in the business of the country;
and my ardent wish would be that gentlemen on
all sides, laying aside that bitter feeling which
party spirit has engendered, should come together
in a spirit of more nationality. What have all
these party strifes, your organizations, govern-
ments within governments, a democratic govern-
ment within a great constitutional government,
organizations, parties, plans, caucuses, conven-
tions, and so on, done for the people ? The peo-
ple of the country are, to a great measure, it seems
to me, lost sight of. What have the people, for
instance, to do in the election of a President? A
parcel of gentlemen get themselves elected to a
convention; they go there, and a few leading men
hover about the outskirts and dictate all that is
done, and then set up a platform, and that plat-
form is infallible for four years. Here, in the de-
bates of the Senate of the United States upon
great national questions, the platform is quoted,
and gentlemen are held to that platform. The
people are taught that they must vote for the
nominee, and can vote for nobody else. The peo-
ple and the Constitution are in danger of being
superseded in this long strife of parties.
An honorable Senator has said that parties
ought to cease the moment they cease to be use-
ful to the country. I think that time has come.
The country is regarded as the theme to serve
parties. The country is the prize and the prey
of parties. That is the condition in which we
are placed. I tiust that this tiling is not to last
much longer. I want to see the people regain
their rights. I want to see the Constitution re-
gain its supremacy. I want to hear no more of
platforms instead of the Constitution, or of con-
ventions that are the masters of the people. That
is the state of things which long party strife has
created. It is well for the peonle and the coun-
try that there should be an enu to it. It engen-
ders nothing but bitterness, civil strife, and hardly
deserves the name of generous pai ty controversy,
ft has well been said, that this sort of party spirit
is the madness of the many for the good of the
few.
I come back sir, to the question, for I do not
mean to prolong this debate. These are thoughts
that had arisen in my mind upon witnessing the
scenes for the last few days that engaged the at-
tention of the Senate, and now to this time of
between eleven and twelve o'clock at night. The
question is simply whether we shall repeal a law
or refuse to repeal it, wluch is to operate nothing,
i shall vote against the motion to repeal. 1 will
not send this important bill back to the House of
Representatives with a sung in it, with a cause of
debate and agitation and controversy there. It
is better for the country that we should have no
such debates. They produce no good—none
whatever. I shall vote against the amendment.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MASOJN, when his name was called, said:
I wish to state that I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have been requested to
state that Mr. Hamlin, who is absent in conse-
quence of indisposition, has paired off with the j.
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones.] If lie had been !l
present he would have voted for the amendment. [;
The icsultwas then announced—yeas 19,nays'j'
27; as follows: ,,
YEAS—Me&?rs. Broderiek, Cameron, Chandler, Ciark. ij
CoLUmur. Xhion, Duohitlc, Doutjlai, Duikuj, Fe&sencifcii,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, King, Seward, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Chesnut, Clay, Clingman, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gvvin, Houston,
Hunter, Iver on, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Polk, Pugh,Reid, Rice, Sebastian,
Shdell, Smith, Toombs, Ward, and YuJee—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the question
be taken on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, together or sep-
arately ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope they will be taken in
Mr. REID. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the first amendments will be read.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the question on
concurring in those that are not excepted.
Mr. REID. I desire that the clause relating to
the branch mints at Dahlonega and Charlotte be
restored.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have a sepa-
rate vote on the subject of that amendmentabout
taking the census in Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was just
going to suggest that the Secretary should read
the amendments, and when one was objected to,
it should be set aside for a separate vote.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take a separate vote
on the amendment providing for the taking of a
census in Kansas, and strike it out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read that amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
on page 25, after line six hundred and ninety-five,
to insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to have taken a
census of the people of the Territory of Kansas, with a view
to its admibsion into the Uniun as a State, ;$20,01)0.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in this amendment, made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
now read the amendment in regard to the mints
in North Carolina and Georgia.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that the question
be taken on concurring in the other amendments
made in committee, and that we then take a vote
on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate to take the question on the other
amendments in gross? The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
The other amendments, made as in Committee
of the Whole, were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
now read the amendment in regard to the mints
in North Carolina and Georgia.
Mr. HUNTER. Before that is read, I wisli to
suggest an amendment. The Printer has under-
taken to correct it. As the bill came from the
House, a clause which read three dollars, should
be $300. I move, in line one hundred and seventy-
one, after the word " three," to insert "bun-
died;" so that it will read:
For contingent evpon^e* ofthe Executive Office, includ-
ing stationery theretor,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the general
sense of the Senate that this modification be made ?
The Chair heais no objection, and the modifica-
tion will be made. The Secretary will now read
the amendment in regard to the mints.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is to
strike out the following:
u Jit Charlotte, North Carolina.
" For satanes of buporintendeut, coiner, assayer, and
clork, §6,000.
'•For wages of workmen, $2,GOO.
" Jit Dahlonczn, Georgia.
,cFor salaries of btipeiinteudeut, comer, assayer, and
clerk, §0,000.
•' For wages of workmen, $-2,880."
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the Senate will not
concur in the amendment made as m Committee
of the Whole, striking oat the appropriation for
these two branch mints. I desire to make a very
few brief remarks upon that question. The Senate
is in no condition to hear a prolonged debate; and
I shall not weary their patience by anything like
an extended debate on this occasion, although I
feel some personal interest in the matter, as one
clause of the amendment will affect a number of
my constituents—the branch mint at Dahlonega
—to which I shall confine my attention; going very
little into the branch mint at Charlotte, North
Carolina. I have before me a statistical table
from the report of the mint, from which it will
appear 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will vote with the
Senator, if he will only let us have the question.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well. I will barely
say that it is probable, from the information I
have derived from correct sources, that the amount
of gold which will be produced in the neighbor-
hood of Dahlonega will be vastly increased be-
yond what it has been heretofore. I will give
the reasons upon which I predicate this opinion.
["Oh, no."] Well, I trust that the amendment
will be voted down. I will not trespass upon the
Senate.
Mr. REID. I will not inflict anything in ad-
dition to what the Senator from Georgia has said
on the Senate, except that I believe his is a good
case, and that the mint at North Carolina is a
still better one; and I hope both will be retained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In committee, the
Senate struck out the appropriations for these
mints. The question is on concurring in the ac-
tion of the Committee of the Whole.
The question being put, the Vice President de-
cided that the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. CHANDLER
called for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decided
it, and the vote was overwhelming.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called for the yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator called
too late. The Chair had decided the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to reconsider the
vote by whiph the amendment was non-concurred
in, and on that question I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. IVERSON. . I rise to a point of order.
Nobody can move to reconsider except one who
voted in the majority, and tho Senator from Illi-
nois did not vote in the majority. He knows he
did not, and he has no right to move a reconsid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Senator
from Georgia has made the point of order, the
Chair will ask the Senator from Illinois whether
he voted in the majority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I did not. I will
ask some friend who voted for the measure to
make the motion for me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not vote at all, and
if 1 can do so, I will make the motion to recon-
sider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the impression
of the Chair that a Senator not voting can make
that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was going to say that
we should take the vote by yeas and nays by
common consent on the amendment. It will take
no more time to do it in that way than this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take the yeas and nays
upon concurring in the amendment?
Mr. MASON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Chair that none
but one who voted in the majority can make that
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would submit to the
Chair that I intended to call for the yeas and nays,
and spoke as quick as I could. The Chair did
not hear me. I called for them before the decis-
ion was announced. It was done very rapidly.
I desire to have the yeas and nays upon it, as
there was a decided vote on it, by yeas and nays,
to strike out the appropriation. I intended to call
for them.
Mr. DOUGLAS If my colleague will allow
me, in order to avoid debate, I will move to re-
consider, as I voted in the majority, although I
shall vote against the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the motion made by the Senator from Wisconsin
is in order. It is moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate non-concurred in the amend-
ment, and upon this question the yeas and nays
are demanded.
Mr. TRUMBULL I would prefer to have
