1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS, ETC.
Mr. RITCHIE asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That a commitee of seven be appointed, with
instruction^ to report a bill increasing the duties on impoits
so as to raise revenues sufficient tor the wants of the Gov-
ernment, and making, so far as can he conveniently done,
the said duties specific.
Mr. HOUSTON. Believing that that law ex-
ists, I object to the resolution.
MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. GROW asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary ho in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reportmg'a bill to
fix the annua! meetings of Congress on the second Monday
of Novembei in each year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
REVISION OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. KEIM asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to report a bill, revising the present tariff, sub-
stituting specific for ad valorem duties, where practicable ;
increasing the duties, so as to defray the expenses of the
Government, economically administered, and afiord pioper
protection to the trade and industry of the country.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY AT READING.
Mr. KEIM asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill to establish a national founder;/, to
be located at the city of Reading, Berks county, Pcmis-vl-
vania.
Mr. FAULKNER objected.
PURCHASE OF ARMS.
Mr. KEIM introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiuctcd to report a bdi gianting the puvilege to the States
of tin1 Union to purchase arms liom the General Govern-
ment to feuppty the deficiencies and the wants ot the militia.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr.PHILLIPS introduced a bill regulating and
fixing the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
TITLE OF CAPTAIN-IN-CHIEF.
Mr. PHILLIPS also introduced a bill author-
izing the President of the United States to confer
the title of captain-in-chief for eminent services;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PENNSYLVANIA ELECTION.
Mr. COVODE asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Rewired. That a committor1, consisting of five membeis,
be nppointoiLto mqune into the tacts, ehatged by the Presi-
dent of the tinted States, as contained m his letter to the
president of the centenary convention, held in Pittsburg, on
the 2oih day of November last, upon certain individual-, of
having sent money i,ito the State of Pennsylvania to influ-
ence the late congressional elections in said State, in oppo-
sition to his wishes; and to icport the names ot the peisons
implicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution.
Mr. COVODE. Is the gentleman afraid of the
investigation ? [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLER. I object to the resolution, if
no one else does
CENSUS LAWS.
Mr. "WHITELEY asked leave of the House
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary lie di-
3 ected to mqune into the propriety oi reporting a bill repeal-
ing all tiie pioviNions. oi any exisuw? law*, providing loi the
taking of the eenstii, except such as lelate cntneiy to the
numbering of the people and piovuhus toi the apportion-
ment of the meiubeis <>f the House among the seveial
States.
Mr. TOMPKINS objected.
PURSERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietnrv of the N.ivy communicate
to this Ikuisc. li not incompatible with the public mteiosf,
the number of vessels now xn commission on ibieiyii sta-
' tions having no regular pursers on hoard, and the reasons
why they aie not supplied.
BALTIMORE COURT-HOUSE,
i Mr. HARRIS introduced the following resolu-
• tion; which wa^read, considered, and agreed to:
i Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
i to communicate to this House whether lie has taken any,
and if so what, action to carry out the provisions of the act
of Congress appropriating money toward the construction
of the United States court-house xn the city of Baltimore.
DUTIES ON TOBACCO.
| Mr. BOCOCK offered the following resolution;
: which was read, considered, and adopted:
i Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this IIou e, if. in his opinion, not ineom-
, patibio with the public inteiest, whether any measures have
i recently been taken by this Government to procure a ie-
i ducuon of the excessive duties on tobacco, now imposed by
! the principal States of Euiope; and that he be fuither ie-
j que-ted to communicate Up this House any views in icla-
I tion to that subject which may seem to him proper.
: COST OF CENSUS.
: Mr. LETCHER offered the following resolu-
: tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the PeereUtyof the fi-tcnor be requested
■ to furnish a statement showing the entire eo<to( taking the
, census of 1850, and of arranging and pubh-.hmg the tame.
HEIRS OF DANIEL EEDINGER.
On motion of Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered. That leave be giauted to withdraw from the
' Court of Claims the nap-is ri the case of Darnel Bed nisei's
: hen*, for the puipose of lei'cience to the appiopuato com-
| inittce of this House.
j ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, introduced a bill in
; relation to the Alexandria and Washington rail-
| road: which was read a first and second time, and
] referied to the Committee for the District of Co-
i lumbia.
CAPTAIN BRITTON'S COMPANY.
Mr. JENKINS inttoJuccd a bill pranlinsc
bounty land to the companions of Captains Bnt-
! ton and Davis, of the war of 1815; which was
j read a first and second time, and refened to the
\ Committee on Public Lands.
| DIFFERENCES WITH SPAIN.
| Mr. BRANCH introduced a bill appropriating
i money to enable the President to settle unad-
! justed differences with the Government of Spain,
i and for other purposes; which was read a first
| and second time, and referred to the Committee
1 on Foreign Affairs.
j HEIRS OF FRANCIS WARE,
j Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, introduced
'the following resolution; which was read, eon-
i sidered, and adopted:
1 Resolved. That the pnpets m the ca^e of the heir-* of
! Fiancis Ware be recalled riom tin (.Vint of (_,ia>ais> toi the
i purpose ofreterrmj.r them to the appiopriate eo min'r^e i,i
; this Iiou>e.
i REMOVAL OF 3IEMEERS' DESKS,
j Mr. MILKS. I ask leave to offer the follow-
| ing resolution:
! Resolved, That it he leferred to a special committee of
i this IIou->e to consider and lepoit on the e'.pcdieiicy ot
I removing l!uj present de>ks from the Hall, and ma!.mi; - ueii
; arrangements of ti:c seat-! of niembeis as will hum? t!iem
j tog"ther in a -mailer >-paco. fo< the puipo.-eoi gicator tacil-
j ity of heaiinjj and rrioi e onieriy debute.
| I would simply remark to the House, that the
! resolution merely instructs the committee to in-
i quire and report. It pi ovules for no definite ac-
1 tion on the part of the House.
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope that
I resolution will pass.
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
' lay t!ie lesolution on the table.
. 'Mr. MILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. "V/ASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
j The question recurring upon agreeing to the
, resolution,
1 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
! tellers.
1 Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Seward,
1 and Clark of Connecticut, were appointed.
I The House divided; and the tellers reported—
i ayes 73, noes 55.
1 "So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MILES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILES. I would suggest that the com-
mittee shall consist of five members.
There being no objection, it was ordered that
the committee consist of five members.
SPEECHES NOT DELIVERED.
Mr. MILES asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That hereafter no speech by any member of thi3
House shall be published in the Patly Globe or Appendix,
unices it has been actually delivered in uie House ; and that
a deduction of §500 be made fiom the pay of the said news-
paper for eveiy violation of this prohibition.
Mr. NICHOLS objected.
MRS. FERGUSON SMITH.
| Mr. TRIPPE introduced a bill for the relief of
| Mrs. Ferguson Smith; which was read a first and
| second time, and referred to the Committee on
: Revolutionary Pensions.
j EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
i Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, offered the fol-
! lowing resolution:
1 Rcsoh cd, That the Committee on Accounts be authorized
■ to fix the number of clerks, mes^eneeis. laborer, or other
! employes m the offices ot the Cleik, Postmaster, Poor-
: keepei. and Scigcant-<it-Ann> oftiiis House: P? ow/af/That
I in the leorgamzatioii of t!ie->e te>peetivc offices,no inereaM?
' of foice be made lequnmg other appropriations than aie
i now or may hereaftei he made by law.
I Air. HUGHES. There is abill pending before
' the House to accomplish the same object; and
therefore I object to the resolution.
| INSTRUCTIONS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
| Mr. DOWDELL introduced the following res-
. olution, which was read, considered, and agreed
j to:
| Resolved, Thni the President of the United States bo
i iequated to communicate to this House, if not deemed by
him incompatible w u!i the pabhe inteir-t^th'4 insfuet'ons
| v hieh have been given to our commander- m the Gulf of
; Mexico.
[ WEST POINT CADETS.
I Mr. MOOHE asked leave to offer the following
I resolution:
j Revolt cd. Tint the Committee on Military VfTi.r5- be m-
' stiueied to mqmte n>?o the evjvdieney of rnciea-inir the
| number ot ca.lets at the Militaiy Academy at West i'ouit.
| Mr. GROW objected.
; ADVERSE REPORTS.
1 Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made adverse leports on the following
cas^s:
I ionso b'li. (No. 423) to amend an act entitled
, <{ An act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States;"
| A resolution for the election of postmasters:
House hill (No. 51) to repeal an act entitled
, " An not to establish a court foi the investigation
of «daim3 against the United States," appiovcd
February 4, ]S."5;
I A resolution tn rol uion to a change of venue in
, United Stales ciicuitand district courts; and
The memorial of the grand jury of the United
States distuet court of South Carolina, praying
; a change of the location of the district court of the
1 United'States ior that State.
! On motion of Mr. GREENWOOD, the adverse
1 repent on the bill to repeal the law establishing the
Couit of Claims, was referred to the Committee
of the Whole en the state of the Union, and or-
der* d to be pr-nted.
The remaining reports were laid upon the table,
and ordered to bo prmted.
! EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. IIUGT-JES. I withdraw my objection to
, the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mi. Stlphcn'S.]
' The resolution was asraiu read.
Mi. HOUSTON. Am I to understand that
'resolution as completing the action proposed,
| without its coming back to the limine5 If so,^
' then 1 renew the objection. If the Committee of
Accounts is authorized by that lesole.tion to pie-
pare a bill establishing salaries, and the number
] of employes, &c., to be reported for the action of
i the House,! have no objection; but if the whole*
1 matter is to be left to the discretion of the Coni-
miitee of Accounts, then I do object.
