1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
pealed : PiorUci,aho. That ibi-f repeal «liall not affect any
conLract or comiaets liuretot'ore provided ior by law.
Mr. KELSEY. That amendment is not in or-
der. It alters existing law.
Mr. COBB. It embraces the principle that is
embraced in the other amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in order.
Mr. COBB. I think so.
The CHAIRMAN. It rejfitcs to contracts in
regard to postal service; and it is in order under
the 81st rule.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. It certainly proposes to change ex-
isting law.
Mr. COBB. So did the other amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. If the other was out of or-
der, that does not make this in order.
Mr. HOOSTON. Is there an appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. There is. The Chair is
not aware that any rule of the House precludes
new legislation in regard to the subject under con-
sideration. The only question is, is the amend-
ment germane to the subject to which it is pro-
posed ? The 81st rule of the House is:
" No appropuation shall Ite rcpoiteil m taich general ap-
propriation bilU, or lie ui ouiei .is an .unendnit'iit thereto,
for any expemitimc not previously auihonzyd by law.'1'
That rule was adopted in 1837, And in 1838
this addition was made to it:
" Unless in continuation of appropriation* foi such public*
woiksand objects as aie alieddy in pionres-*, aird loi tin*
contingencies, tor cany ing on the* .-eveial Dupaitincnis of the
Government.
It is not, therefore, a question as to new legisla-
tion; and the Chair main tains that you may adopt
any new legislation pertinent to the subject under
consideration, unless it proposes to make an ap-
preciation of money not authoiizcd by existing
law.
The question being on the appeal,
Mr. KELSEY demanded tellers.
Telleih wen: ordered; and Mesnsis. BuANuiiand
Buffintojst wore appointed.
Tho committee divided; and the tellers repoited
—ayes 55, noes G4.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment decided to be out ot oider.
Tho question lecurred on Mr. Avery's amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia I movo to amend
the amendment, by adding to it the following:
ontlcd/iirt/io, That it shall bo the duty oi tiie I'ovt-
niiHtei Gen.'i.il to aliin^ ite the mail conn act o: I uttei field
fee Co., it tlx'triii-poitalion of the ieUr) ; e.iri led by th'-tti
hetetoioiu j-hall oo«.t the Uoveinmuut twenty iloH.us
each.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of oi dei. The amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Virginia pioposes to abrogate a
contract made m puisuance of a law of Congress,
and is not in oi dor; not being germane to the sub-
ject-mauer of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. A word upon that
subject. It is well known to the committee that the
iaw gives the Postmaster General a right to term-
inate existing contiacts on paying one month's
compensation.
Mr. 0L1N. 1 object to debate.
Mr. .SMITH, of Viignua. i am stating the
fact that theie. is a general law which gives the
Postmaster General a right to terminate mail con-
tracts, or to discontinue service, on giving one
month's compensation. All I propose m this case
is to provide that he shall do it, if it should turn
out that the tianspoil.umn of a letter across the
continent costs the Government twenty dollars,
when the Government only gets ten cents for it.
The CHA i 11AI AN . The Chair thinks that,
under the decision of the committee a moment
ago, the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not in order
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like the
Chair to suggest what would be in order. I move
lo amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee by inserting the word "not" before
tj.10 words " be compelled."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
it would be in order to change the character of
the amendment m that particular.
Mr. HUGHES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he should move to strike out the woids
"confirmed and ratified," and insert " abroga-
ted
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Chair would
rule that out of order. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say something upon this subject, and I will
say it now. It seems that the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] occupies a position that
certainly was not known to us on this side of the
House until the declaration he has made, that he
is for the whole country. It was manifest, from
what had heretofore passed, according to our
humble comprehension, that the gentleman was
for St. Louis only, and that the whole country
centered in that city.
Mr. BLAIR. I cannot help the gentleman's
want of knowledge.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. T know that; nor
can the gentleman help his want of enlarged pat-
riotism. Why, he carried this thing so far that
he scornfully said—1 heard the remark, although
it was not in his speech—that he presumed But-
terfield & Co. would be very ready, indeed, to
give up their lands on the southern route.
Mr. TOMPKINS. Is this debate in order?
Mr. SMITH, of Vnginta. It is in capital
good order.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate has all along
taken a wide range. The question of order hav-
ing been raised, the gentleman from Virginia will
confine himself to the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If L am out of order
I will submit to be ruled out with great cheerful-
ness. But, sir, I was going on to congratulate
the country that the gerulernan from Missouri
has made his appeaiance in a new light. I say
new light, because we were under the impression
that he regarded tho interests of the country in a
\ery nariow view. I am gratified now to learn
that he is for the whole country. Now, sir, I am
for the interests of the whole country, and I am
willing to give to the whole country the benefit
of abolishing this preemption privilege which is
given to those mail contractors on the overland
route. I am willing to give the whole country
the benefit of abolishing the whole overland mail
service to California If it is continued, it is con-
tinued at great expense. It has been stated, and
I have not heard if contradicted, that all the let-
ters which have been carried over this overland
route have cost $100 a letter, while the Govern-
ment have received only ten cents a letter.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia inform me how much the Government pays
for carrying letters by the Tehnantepec route, the
Nicaragua route, or the Panama route, and how
much revenue the Government receives trom the
letters carried by those routes?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot inform the
gentleman precisely; but I w.ill tell iiim that all
the letters fur the Pacific will be carried by those
routes, except a very few letters sent from the j
neighborhood of the terminus of the overland
route. No, sir; this route is not wanted for postal
purposes. It is wanted, and isdesigned,asa pion-
eer settlement agency. It is designed that settle-
ments shall be built up along the route across the
plains. It is wanted for that, ami lor nothing
else. And for this purpose the levenues of the
Post Office Department are to be taxed.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Chairman, I sinceiely regret
and truly deprecate the discussion which lias
arisen between the Slates of Missouri and Ten-
nessee upon tins great overland route between
St. Louis and Memphis to San Francisco. As
long as the discussion existed between Missouri
and Tennessee, I had no desire to participate m
this matter, nor to bring my State into a triangular
light. I have watched tins debase with consid-
erable solicitude, anticipating that such a move
would be made as has been made by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Smith;] for the amend-
ment which the gentleman has ollered,and the
argument which lie has made, would virtually
abiogate the contract of Buttesfield & Co., and
destroy the route. Now, sir, the gentleman has
arrived at the jumping oil' place, and it is right
that I should be heard.
I tell the gentleman from Virginia that, in this
move, he places himself in du e<%t antagonism with
the sentiments of four fifths of the people of this
country. Do you recollect, sir, the burst of ex-
citement and enthusiasm winch pervaded this
Union when it was thought that the Atlantic tel-
egraph was a success? This enthusiasm was only
equaled when the telegraphic wires from St. Louis
announced to this country that the great waste
lying between the Mississippi and Pacific had
been traversed in twenty-four days and a few
hours/, and that American energy and American
enterprise and American courage had achieved
that which every man felt a glow.of pride and
satisfaction in. As regards the statement made
by the gentleman in relation to the number of
letters carried over this overland route, I say this:
that not having the statistics with me, I cannot
give him a detailed or accurate statement of the
amount of mails carried by Butteifield & Co; but,
sir, I do know that they have carried heavy mails
of letters, and I am informed that they are now
making preparations to carry over newspapers in
addition to theaters.
I think thtft there is a good deal of good sense
in the argument of the gentleman from Missouri,
provided that it would reduce the time to fifteen
days, as the gentleman alleges it will; but I regret
that he has made this move, as it may jeopard
the existence of this route; and I deprecate the
feeling which it has engendered in this House.
The people of this Union are not only in favor of
these overland routes solely on account of the
mad facilities which they afford, but because they
arc the great pioneers or forerunners of settlement
and civilization of that immense territory lying
between the Mississippi and the Pacific; and we
find now, sir,all along these routes, stations which
will soon grow and extend into villages, and ere
long into towns and cities. The emigrant who
formerly slept on the plains amid the howls of
the wolf and the whoops of the Indian, will now
find in his toilsome and weary journey over the
plains a house to shelter him, and a friend to de-
fend him.
I am for economy—for enlightened economy
and reform in Government expenditures; but I
will vote thousands, and that cheerfully, when-
ever it will contribute to the greatness, the gran-
deur, and 'power of my country; and this is what
, I conceive to be the duty of every American states'
man and patriot.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
' Mr. AVERY. I ask the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, if he is not willing to allow the present
! contract to remain as it is?
J Mr. SCOTT. I reply to the gentleman, that I
! am anxious to let well enough alone.
The amendment to the amendment was not
i agreed to.
! Mr. BURNETT. For thepurpose of enabling
me to make a remark or two, I move to strike out
! the latter part of the amendment.
! Mr. Chairman, I have listened to the discussion
! which has taken place in this committee upon
1 the subject of tho contract with Butterfield & Co.
! with some regret. 1 have been opposed to the
letting out of this overland mail contract. I be-
1 heve it was wrong. I agree with the gentleman
■ from Virginia [Mr. Smith] in the view taken by
him in this matter. 1 am willing to give the coun-
! try the benefit of abolishing this whole overland
i Pacific mail service. 1 do not believe the interest?
of California, or of the whole country, demand
it. It is a fact which has not bepn contradicted,
I that all the letters carried over this route have
cost the Government $100 a piece.
Mr. BLAlll. That was because the route fixed
: upon by the Postmaster General was nine hun-
1 died miles longer than there was any necessity
for.
I Mr. BURNETT. Iam m favor of abolishing
1 the whole contract. Now, sir, I say to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] and not only
1 to him, but to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Aleans, who can see nothing but St.
Louis in reference to this matter, that I have no
objection to their making war upon this southern
; route, because, in my opinion, to defeat that
; would be to defeat the whole thing, and I am in
favor of abolishing the whole service. If we are
to have this overland mail, 1 am for it as it now
stands; let us catry out and enforce the contract
made by the Post Oifice Department.
If this unjust warfare is to be piosecuted by the
two gentlemen from Missouri, upon the southern
branch of this route, and it is to be discontinued,
gentlemen will find that the whole route will go
with it.
I merely wanted to say this. I hope the amend-
ment oi tV gentleman from Missouri may be ear-
ned thioii^h the Senate; that it may become a
law; for when tins in done, then, sir, in my judg-
