1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
Council Bluffs, on the Missouri river. From that 1
point, by the overland route usually traveled, the
distance to San Francisco is about eighteen hun-
dred miles; and to the navigable waters of the
• Sacramento, only about sixteen hundred miles.
All the great national advantages of the long
southern route could have been better secured by
this central Council Bluffs route, with a saving of
eleven hundied miles in travel and several hun-
dred thousand dollars to the Treasury. Why
was it not adopted? Why did not the mail go
where settlements and travel go ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It could not get
through.
Mr. CCJRTIS. Are there not settlements along
the line from Council Bluffs to Salt Lake valley—
if not continuous, large and growing in import-
ance ? Mails have to be carried that way to the
army, to the settlements in Utah, and now to
those who arc working at the gold mines. Mails
can arid do get through, summer and winter.
44 Cannot get through !" Thousands—yes, hun-
dreds of thousands—have traveled that route. In
1849, about fifty thousand emigrants passed by
this central route, and the travel would still go
that way if this national Government had riot
lavished the public funds on foreign routes,thereby
diverting it through Central America. This cen-
tral overland route is the safe, healthy, short
route to California; and the sooner this is under-
stood and adopted, the better for the whole coun-
try. Tnat route is equally convenient to the
North and the youth; lowaand Missouri,Chicago, |
St Louis, «nd Memphis. It is the route for the i
Pacific railroad, and will ultimately receive the \
preeminence nature gave it, as the great overland :
direct route to California, the Pacific, and the
Indies.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to submit a question
to the committee, with a view of getting rid of
the controversy in regard to the Butterficld route.
It strikes me that nolaw which this Congress can j
pass will accomplish the purpose desired by cither :
of the parties to tins contioversy. Some gentle-
men hold that the contract made by these men
with the Post Office Department is a contract in
violation of a public statute. Others hold that it
was made in pursuance of a statute. If it be m \
violation of a public statute, then, according to
well-settled principles of jurisprudence, itis void, ;
and there is no power in Congiess or elsewhere ,
to enforce it. If it is in pursuance of a public
Statute, then it can be enforced. That, however,
is not a question for Congiess, but for a difieient
tribunal, It i« difficult for me to petceive how1
our mandates, embodied in the lot m of law to the ,
effect that Butterlield &Co. should be, or .should .
not be, compelled to carry the mail, can be carried :
out. It is a mere expenditure of breath to say that
they shall or shall not carry the mail; for we have
no exccutm* authority to enforce' it. This contract
is either valid or invalid. 1 f it be valid, it oughtto
be carried out. But if it be invalid, then the House
cannot breathe into it the breath of life. It.seems
to me that theie is a great deal of time unneces-
sarily consumed m the discussion of a question
which is mappropi iate on this particulai bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Ci-rtis 's amend-
ment; and it was icjected.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 move, to amend the amend-
ment by sinking out the Ia-?t clause, " that But-
terficld <fc Co. be compelled to carry said mails
according to said contract," ami insert m lieu
thereof, the following:
Jlnfi proi i'lciU , Ttut the '-aid cnnti.vtors shall have
the rif,ri)t to ruiiispoi t the mails l>y sucli loute a*? tiiuy in.iv
f-eieot.
Mr. REAGAN. That is already in the hill.
Mr. GOOCH. I have a right to oiler it as an
amendment to the amendment here.
The CHAIR VI \ N. The ^entlenmn from Texas
must perceive that that is a question of consist-
ency and not of oider.
Mr. GOOCH. Il I understand the meaning of
the law, it gave to the contractors the right to
select such "route for the transportation of the
mail as they might deem advisable. It appears
to me that it was the intention of Congress to
ascertain, by this means, the best route between
the xMit'siSsippi river and the Pacific; leaving it to
ihe eoiuuctors to select that route, as it was for
their interest in every point of view, to select the
most desirable route; the route that would open the
best communication between these points. Con-
gress knew that if the selection of the route was
left to the contractors, uninfluenced and uncon-
trolled, the best route would be selected.
Now, sir, it seems that the object and inten-
tion of Congress has been defeated; some say by
the Postmaster General, and others say by the
Cabinet as a whole. I do not care by whom it
was done. I want to know by what authority
any one or all of the executive officers of this
Government, undertake to defeat the object and
intent of the legislative branch of the Govern-
merit—cleaily expressed, and standing as law
i upon' the statute-book. It seems to me (hat it has
clearly been done in this instance; and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri was sim-
ply designed to secure the execution of the law
according to its clear intent and meaning; to com-
pel the Postmaster General to make the contract
according to law, and not in violation of law.
He intends to say to the Executive Department:
administer this law as you find it upon the stat-
ute-book, and according to its terms; and nothing
more.
Now, there is an objection made to a change
of the route. My amendment, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, leave it at
the option of the contractors to adopt such route
as they choose. If the route already selected is
the best one, it is for their interest, upon every
consideration, to retain it, because they have their
posts established along the whole route; and
they will adhere to that route, unless it is abso-
lutely certain that a very much better one can be
selected. I insist that it is the duty of this branch
of the Government to see to it that the route is
selected by the contractors, and not by the Post-
master General, or any or all the officers con-
nected with the executive branch of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to tell the gentleman
from Massachusetts that that assertion made by
the gentleman from Missouri, and reiterated by
others is wholly baseless, and merely agratuilous
assumption. They have violated no law,as you
will see by the law and the contract.
Mr. GOOCH. ff 1 understand the law, it pro-
vides that the route is to be selected by the con-
tractors.
Mr. BLAIR. Here is the law.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 have read it myself.
Mr. BLAIR. This is the law: "From such
point on the Mississippi nver at the contractors
mmi select to San Francisco." That is the law.
j Mr. GOOCH. That is the law, and I think
that the gentleman from Texas will have to admit
i that the Executive Department have violated the
law when they selected a route which had not
, been selected by any of the men who proposed
! to contract lo carry the mails.
, Mr. FLORKiVCE. Do the contractors object
I to the route now ?
Mr. GOOCH. I do not care whether they do
or not. The intention was that the contractors
| should select the route. They say they never
i selected the route. The Postmaster General tells
'its the com ractors did not select the route; but
i that it was selected by the Cabinet instead of by
| the contrac t oi s.
i Now, I believe that it was the objectand intent
- of Con^re^s that the best route should be selected;
: and, to accomplish that object, it deemed K best
i to leave the selection to the men who were to
! carry the mails, who would be sure to select the
j best route, because it was their interest so to do.
i | Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. PHELPS of Missouri. I oppose the amend-
' ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts for the
| puiposo of making a statement m regard to this
j contract. At the tune proposals were invited for
this overland mail service, the Poytmastei General
requested those who should bid for the service to
■ designate the points of departure on the Missis-
sippi nver, and also, as near as possible, the in-
termediate points. These contractors, Messrs.
Butterlield & Co., presented then* proposals for
. the ti ansportation of the mails fi oin St. Louis and
1 from Memphis, by the thirty-fifth parallel, or the
Albuquerque route, to San Francisco; arid they
also made a combined bid proposing to start from
Memphis and St. Louis, intersecting at, or eavSt
: of, Albuquerque, and thence by the route previ-
1 ously indicated. As I am informed, all of the
bidders were in the city of Washington, either in
1 person or by their agents. The matter attracted
a good deal of attention in the Cabinet; and the
inquiry was made of the contractors if they would
consider their proposals or bids as applicable to
any route that might be decided on either by the
Cabinet or the Postmaster General. To this in-
quiry they responded in the affirmative. Upon
consideration of the different routes proposed, the
Postmaster General awarded the contract to But-
terfield & Co., requirfng them to carry themails
by way of El Paso to San Francisco. At a sub-
sequent time the contract was modified so as to
make the intersection at Fort Smith, in Arkansas,
instead of at Preston, on Red river.
Mr. GOOCH. I would ask the gentleman what
right the Executive Department had to dictate a
route to thTcontractors?
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. The contractors
assented to the decision of the Department. The
contractors entered into the contract, which was
afterwards modified, as I have stated.
Mr. BLAIR Does not my colleague know that
the contractors prefer another route ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I know that the
contractors bid for the transportation of the mails
upon the Albuquerque route; and having bid for
the tiansportation on that route, without any fur-
ther information from them upon the subject, I
presume they would have liked to have had an
opportunity, m the first instance, to have carried
the mail upon that route. I am not here as the
representative of the contractors. I cannot speak
of their desire or their wishes, for I have no inform-
ation from them upon this subject. But I desire to
say that the object of the establishment of this
overland mail route was to secure an inland trans-
portation, to build up a line of settlements, and
to secure the tiansportation of the mail matter bv
an overland route in the shortest possible time. I
am aware that the route may be shortened by
taking the bid as proposed by these contractors;
the distance might be diminished five hundred
miles, and, in my opinion, the time occupied in
the transportation of the mails might be reduced
from twenty-four to eighteen days.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
attempted to airay me in opposition to the Mem-
phis branch of the line. I am not opposed to it.
I desire to see the line commence at Memphis and
St. Louis, and make the intersection westward of
the State of Arkansas; and the remarks of the
gentleman do me injustice, in assigning me the
position of endeavoring to defeat and* destroy that
line of the road which passes through the State of
Arkansas. But, if the time occupied in the trans-
portation of the mails from the western border of
Missouri or Arkansas to the Pacific can be short-
ened by taking a nearer and practicable route, I
ask you if it is not right to give the contractors
the privilege of so doing.
Mr. ATKINS. Has it not been proved that
the contractors cannot get through by the Albu-
querque route ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No, sir.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. G00C1I demanded tellers on his amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 37.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it, u provided it shall meet the
approval of the Postmaster General."
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,]
who sits behind me, says that I did him injustice
in charging that he made war upon the southern
route. Now, sir, 1 will not intentionally do in-
justice to any gentleman; but I desire to state the
facts upon which I based my statement that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
desired to destroy the southern route. The gen-
tleman made no argument upon the amendment of
his colleague, [Mr. Blair;] but he voted in favor
of that amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As the gentleman
from Kentucky says he wishes to do me no in-
justice, I ask him why it is that he does not state
my position correctly? I raised a question of
oider upon the amendmentof my colleague, which
question of older was overruled by the Chair, and
the amendment decided to be in order.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman states that
