198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* December 28,
by the President. Also, providing for the donation of one
hundred and sixty acres of Government land to every actual
settler ihereon, within any of said Territories, under such
regulations and restrictions as shall secure an actual and
bona fide occupation, and permanent improvement thereof;
the title theieof to be transferred to said occupant at such
time, and on such conditions, as the committee may deem
advisable to secure the permanentsettlemeritandimprove-
ment of said lands j and that no person shall be entitled to
receive from the Government more than one donation of
land, under the provisions of said bill. Also, providing that
the inhabitants of each of said Territories shall provide for
and pay the currentexpenditures of such territorial govern-
ment. And, also, providing that the inhabitants of said Ter-
ritories shall remain in aterritorial form of government until
the inhabitants of a Territory shall be equal to the number
required for one Representative under the ratio of congres-
sional representation, and that the people of any of said Ter-
ritories who may desire to establish a State government,
having the requisite number of inhabitants, and having
formed a constitution for such Stategovernment, shall cause
the same to be submitted to a (air vote of the legal voters
of such Terutoiy, for approval or rejection.
Mr. KEITT objected.
SALE OF FORT ARMSTRONG.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the said of the reservation at Fort Arm-
strong, known as Island, or Rock Island, in the
State of Illinois; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
PACIFIC OVERLAND TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the transportation of the mails and all
other Government service by railroad, from the
Missouri river, by way of the Great Salt Lake,
to San Francisco and Puget Sound; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the select
committcc on the Pacific railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
SUPPRESSION OF THE SL
Mr. FARNSWORTH offor
resolution; which was read,
reed to:
Resolvedj That the Committee on
quested to inquno and report to thi
what, lurther legislation is neeebsaiy,
I'nited Slater, to tuily carry out and
tionrv contained m the eighth aitieleot
Hutam, known as the Asbburton tic
sion of the t-lave tiade.
AVE TRADE,
■ed the following
considered, and
Naval Allairs be le-
s IIoi.-o if any, and
upon the part of the
peilbun the stipula-
te tteaiy with Gieat
aty, lor the .-uppiub-
SALE OF LANDS PREEMPTIONS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit the following
resolution:
Hewlml. That the Ciumntttce on Public Lands be re-
quested to ropoit a bill to this Hoiw jnululating the further
-..lies of the public lands, except to actual settler**, and to
them only iu limited paicels or quantities to each settler;
and thauuid committer bo turtheriequcsted to iuquuo and
jepoit to tins Hou^e the pinpriety of e\tendin<r the period
loj piciMnption ot chums to persons who shall plant a poi-
tion of the >«iiiie with timber.
Mr. Mc&CJEEN objcctcd.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN GEORGIA.
Mr. SEWARD introduced a bill to form and
lay out a new judicial district in the State of
Georgia, and to provide for the appointment of a
district, judge; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PROPERTY IN SLAVES.
Mr. SEWAIlDasked the consentof the House
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he in- (
vtrueted to inquire what legislation i^ necessaiy upon ttie
p.i:t of Congie-M to protect piopcitym slaves miheTei-
i irnjie-. of the United .States, and leport to this IIou; e at an
eaily day.
Mr. RITCHIE objected.
RESERVED TOWNSHIPS IN INDIANA.
Mr. N1 BLACK introduced a bill for the relief
« f the inhabitants of tiio ieser\cd townships in ,
(ii hon eounty, m the State of Indiana; which
waa read a first and s«cond time, and referred to j
'lu1 Committee on Public Lands. j
PROPERTY DESTROYED.
!
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, introduced a bill to
revive ail act m relation to property lost or de- ,
sfrry.'d in the militaiy service of the Ignited '
i>rair5.; which was read a first and second time, '
x. id r *f<. t red tc the Committee on Militai y Affairs. 1
J !
INCREASE OF MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. CRAIG-, of Missouri, introduced a joint '
resolution to increase the service on the mail route
from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Placerville, Cali-
fornia; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
BOUNTY LAND TO TEAMSTERS.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency and justice of amending the existing
laws so as to grant bounty land to such teamsters as may
have served during the war with Mexico, with the United
States troops in the Indian country, whether such team-
sters were marched into Mexico or not; and that they re-
port by bill or otherwise.
BOUNDARIES OF KANSAS.
Mr. CRAIG,ofMissouri,asked theunanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be required
to inquire into the expediency of changing the boundaries
of the Territory of Kansas, so as to make the Platte river
the northern boundary of said Territory.
Mr. FERGUSON. I object.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Nebraska to withdraw his objection.
If a majority of his constituents do not join me
in asking for this change, I will join him in op-
posing the proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
he has the right to receive the objection of a Del-
egate from a Territory.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That is as I sup-
posed, but I did not wish to raise the question my-
self.
Mr. RITCHIE. Well, sir; I object. I have
the right.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I appeal to the gen-
tleman to withdraw his objection. It is only for
a proposition to inquire into the expediency. The
committee is not instructed to report a bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. No, sir; I am opposed to the
whole thing, and I do not want the committee to
make any inquiry upon the subject.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have about two
miles of petitions upon the subject.
Mr. RITCHIE. That does not remove my
objection.
EDWARD BRINLEY.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, (at the request of
Mr. Goode,) introduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That Edward Brmley have leave to withdraw
his petition and papeis, asking for difference of pay between
passed midshipman and lieutenant, from the tiles of this
House.
Mr. LETCHER. Let copies be left.
Mr. GOODE. I have no objection to that.
The resolution was so modified, and adopted.
DONATIONS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BLAIR asked leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That provision ought to be made by law, that
every male citizen of the United States, and every male per-
son who has declared his intention of becoming a citizen,
accoiding to the piovk-ions of law, of twenty-one years of
age, or upwaids-, shall be entitled to enter upon and take
any one quarter section of the public lands which may be
open to entry at private sale, for the puipo^e of residence
and cultivation ; and that when such citizen shall have re-
sided on the same land for three years, and cultivated the
same, or, if dung in the meantime, the lesidenccand cul-
tivation shall be held and carried on by his widow or his
heirs or devisues, for the space of full three years from and
alter makmc entiy officii land, such residence and culti-
vation for the said three yeais, to be completed within four
years from the tune of such entry, then a patent tojsme for
the same to the person making entry, if living, or other-
wise to his hens or devisees, as the case may requue : Pro-
lided nevertheless, That Mich person soenteungand taking
the quaiter section, a^ aforesaid, shall not have, nor shall
his heirs or devisees have, anv povvei to alienate such land, I
nor cieate any title thereto, m law or equity, by deed, tuins-
fer, lease, or anv other conveyance, except by device by
will. provided further. That said land shall not be i
taken in execution, or sold foi the debts or liabilities of the
person making the entry as aforesaid, or the debts or lia-
bilities of his widow, hens, or devisees.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I object.
DRED SCOTT DECISION, ETC.
Mr. BLAIR, asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolu-
tions:
1. Resolved, That the pidicial power of the United States
doe? not extend to political questions, and that all pretend-
ed decision? ot such questions by the Federal judicuoy are
illegal and void.
2. Resolved, That the late decision of the Supreme Court
in the case of Dred Scott against Sandford, so far as the
same applies to the act of Congress commonly called the
Missouu compromise act, is the decision or a political ques-
tion, not within the jurisdiction of the court, and is illegal
and void. - ,
3. Resolved, That there was nothing in the case b.efore
the court to authorize it to take cognizance of the validity
of the Missouri compromise act, and the cognizance so
taken of that act was extra-judicial and gratuitous. ,
4. Resolved^ That the assumption of the court to make
the said decision, when the case on the record out of which
it grew was dismissed for want of jurisdiction, was a clear
and manifest proceedingwithoutanyjudiciai authority:and
was illegal and void.
5. Resolved, That the decision of the same court in. the
same case, declaring the self-extension of the Constitution
to Territories, carrying African slavery with it and protect-
ing it there, against the power of Congress or the people-to
reject it, was a decision without any authority to make it,
and without anycase before the court requiring a decision,
and without any foundation to rest upon after the case was
dismissed for want of jurisdiction out of which it grew, anil
that said decision was obiter dicta, and without le_gal effect
or force.
6. Resolved, That saicTdecieions are in derogation of the
power of Congress, and restrictive of its time-honored right
and practice to legislate for Territories; and being so derog-
atoiy and restrictive, it becomes the duty of Congress to
vindicate its rights by asserting its full authority to legislate
upon slavery in Territories, and declaring its total disregard
of the said illegal, extra-judicial, and void decisions of the
Supreme Court; which, accordingly, is hereby done.
7. Resolved, That the Congress and the President (as part
of the legislative authority) are judges of their own powers
in passing or approving bills, to be governed by their own
oaths and consciences; and that the Supreme Court has no
more power to control them than they have to control the
court, being both coordinate branches of the sameGovern-
mcnt, and independent of each other within their constitu-
tional sphere.
Mr. MOORE objected.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. BLAIR asked the unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
hereby is, instructed to report a bill more effectually to pre-
vent the slave trade, under the guise of the " coolie trade,"
so called, or of u apprentices,5'or of" Afucan labor import-
ation companies," or under any other name, or in any other
guise, the real purpose or effect of which may be, directly
or indirectly, immediately or ultimately, to make slaves of
the persons so procured and transported.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
PACIFIC OVERLAND TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. WOODSON introduced a bill to authorize
the President of the United States to contract for
the transportation of the mails, troops, seamen,
munitions of war, Army and Navy supplies, and
other Government service, by railroad from San
Francisco, in the State of California, to the States
of Missouri, Texas, and Iowa; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the select
committee on the Pacific railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to permit me to report
from the Committee of Ways and Means three
of the annual appropriation bills, that they may
be referred and printed, as I may not be present
when the committees are called.
No objection being made,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, reported a bill
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1860; which was
road a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying papers, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, also reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means a bill making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs was instructed
by that committee to submit a motion in regard
to that bill. As I do not see him in his seat, I will
submit the motion myself. It is, that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
printed. I wish to make a point directly to the
House upon this matter. I desire to have the bill
referred and printed as I have indicated, and the
Committee on Naval Affairs have leave to report
it back under the rules. That course will create
no delay, as the committee will act upon and re-
port it back without any unnecessary delay.
