200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
ing, invented by John M. Hogue, of Arkansas;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to that reference. We
have no skill in writing which makes it proper to
refer the bill there, I assure you. Let it go to the
Committee on Patents. That is the proper place
for it.
Mr. LETCHER. Read the bill, and let us see
■what it is about. I do no't think it has any place
here. Let the man test his own mode of writing.
There is a man in my district who invented a
plow, and you might as well make an appropri-
ation to enable him to test that.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope the gentleman
"will allow the bill to go to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. RITCHIE. No, sir; it has no business
there.
, The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move, then, to refer
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. We do not want it.
The motion was agreed to.
PEAT AND ALIFF.
Mr. GREENWOOD introduced a bill author-
izing the Postmaster General to settle and adjust
the accounts of Messrs. Peay & Aliff, mail con-
tractors in'the State of Arkansas; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY LANDS.
Mr. LEACH introduced n bill authorizing the
Governor of the State of Michigan to locate cer-
tain university lands, due said State under the act
entitled "An act concerning; seminary lands in
the Territoiy of Michigan," approved May 20,
182G; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PROTECTION OF THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
Mr. BRYAN submitted the following resolu-
tion.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War Ik; rrque^ted to fur-
nish to this Uouue, at an eaiiy day,o')pu j of all cotrrspoinl-
cnec in Ilia office between tin; ollicer* of the Government
of the Untied States mid Governor Runnel:-, ot Tex.is, m
regard to the protection of the 1'iontici ot Ttwa- ; utso,sim-
ilar correspondence between tlx; Secretary of War and Gen
eral Twiggs,
Mr. MORGAN. I do not know whnt this refers
to; but one of my colleagues [Mr. Sack] intro-
duced a resolution of a similar clmraeterm regard
to Oregon, at the last Congress, which employed
about twenty men for nine months, <uul when it
came here it was piled up, and never even ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JjLtYAN. One clerk can furnish all the
correspondence alluded to in one day.
Mr. MORGAN. Then, I withdraw my ob-
jection.
The resolution was adopted.
MILITARY RESERVATIONS; ETC.
Mr. CURTIS offered the following resolution;
"which was lead, considered, and agreed to:
JIcsolvctl, That the Cniumittfr on Mihtaiy Affair* !>o di-
rected to inquur; into the expediency of piovidmc; bylaw
auaui^t needless dimensions to nuhtaiy icM'ivatiom, and
lo'i eueoiuM^uu; and fo^teimg the settlement and cultiva-
tion ot the sod ni the vicinity ol our western p<Ms.
TRANSPORTATION OF MILITARY STORES.
Mr. CURTIS offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Connmttee on ulihiaiy Allans be rti-
leeted to imjune into the naliue of cmMus^ eomr.ifts for
leui^poHiiicj military Moie« to I'lah, and that {he} umiio
into the expediency of ani^inlnu; present law?-, ho us to
provide nspin.-t ftaink and fcoeuie yioutei competition among
biddu* /oi t-uch ..civicc.
DONATIONS OF PUBLIC LANDS, ETC.
Mr. CURTIS a.skod leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resoled, That the Committee, on Public Lauds be di-
re, eted to inquire mto tin; ixpediuicj of piovidmi; bylaw
ogam.-t all future talfv. of public UikK and providing for
their donation, in limited qnanuLie.-, to those only who de-
sire to occupy and cultivate Use sune.
Mr. RITCHIE objected.
LANDS TO IOWA RAILROADS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, introduced a hill grant-
ing preemptions to the State of Iowa to aid in the
construction of the McGregor and St. Peter's and
Missouri river railroad; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CARMICK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. BILLING HURST introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to report to tins House what action, if any, has
been taken under the sixth section of the Post Office ap-
propriation act, approved August 18, IfloG, for the adjust-
ment of the damages due Carraiek and Ramsey; and if the
said section of said law yet leinams unexecuted, that the
Piesident report the leasons therefore.
BIG STURGEON BAY.
Mr. BILLINGHURST introduced a bill
making an appropriation for cutting a channel
between Big Sturgeon bay and Lake Michigan,
in the State of Wisconsin; which was read a first
and second time,and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
MILITARY POST IN DACOTAH.
Me. CAVANAUCH introduced a bill for the
erection of a military post in the Territory of Da-
cotah; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MORGAN. I would like to know where
that Territory is ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if there is an y such Territory as Dacotah ? I would
suggest to the gentleman that it would be best to
look into the Territories oiganizcd.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. There are two military
posts in that Territory now. The Territory of
Dacotah,so caliudjis composed of that portion of
Minnesota Territory lying west of Minnesota
State and oast of the Missouri river.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
AMENDMENT OF AN ACT.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, introduced a bill
to amend an act entitled v< An act making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Cilice De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, l^oG;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ST. CROIX RIVER.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, also introduced
a bill making appropriations for improving the
St. Croix river, (the boundary between the State
ofMinnesota and the State of Wisconsin;) which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
LANDS ERRONEOUSLY SOLD,
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, also introduced
abiilauthoiiziug repayment for lands erroneously
.sold by the United States; and moved that it be
: icferred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. COliH. I move that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. Why does the
gentleman want to send it to the Committee on
the Judiciary ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I would state
that the attention of Congress was called to this
matter at the last session, by the Secretary of the
Interior. It legards the interpretation of existing
laws, a subject which properly belongs to the
i Committee 011 the Judiciary. "But I am not very
strenuous as to its disposition.
Mr. COBB. It should go to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I am perfectly
willing that it should go there.
The bill was icferred to the Committee on Pub- j
lie Lands. " j
SIOUX HALF-BREED SCRIP. j
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, also introduced 1
I a bill to provide for the manner of adjusting the .
compensation of land officers for the location of j
the Sioux half-bieed scrip; and moved its refer- |
encc to the Committee on Indian Affairs. i
The bill was lead a first and second time.
Mr. COCD. The bill, as I understand it, pro-
poses to adjust some difficulty in relation to land.
That matter comes properly within the jurisdic-
tion of the Committee on Public Lands; and I
move the. reference of the bill to that committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CANAL AROUND ST. ANTHONY FALLS. ;
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, also introduced
a bill for a donation of public lands for the con-
struction of a canal around the Falls of St. An-
thony, and removing obstructions in the-Missis-
sippi river in the State of Minnesota; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, moved that .the
bill be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COBB. That bill ought not to go to the
Committee on Commerce. Why it proposes a
grant of lands for internal improvements,and that
subject certainly belongs to the Committee on
Public Lands. ' I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The question was first taken on Mr. Phelps *s
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
LANDS TS MINNESOTA.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, also introduced
a bill for the donation of Public lands, for the
construction of dam and lock at the rapids of the
Minnesota river, in the State of Minnesota; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, asked leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to report a bill to provide, that hereafter none of
the public lauds of the United States shall be sold, cxccpt
to actual settleis thereon, and in limited quantities ; unless
it shall he a^ceitained by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Oflice, that any body of land proposed to bo sold
is either mineral or pine lands.
The resolution was objected to.
DONATION OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. LANE introduced a bill to provide for a
donation of the public lands on the line of certain
mail routes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Piesident of the United States to call into service one reg-
iment of volunteers in the Territoiy of New Mexico for the
suppression of Indian hostilities therein.
INDIAN AGENTS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO introduced a bill authorizing the
appointment of two additional Indian agents in
the Territory of New Mexico; which was read a
iiist and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
MILITARY ROADS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO also introduced a bill to complete
the military road from Ticolete to Albuquerque,
in the Territory of New Mexico; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. OTERO also introduced a bill making ap-
propriations for explorations and surveys ot cer-
tain military roads and bridges in the Territory of
New Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. OTERO also introduced a bill for continu-
ing the improvementof the road from Santa Fc to
Duiia Ana, and for surveying the route thereof,
w th a view of making a final location of that por-
tion between Albuquerque and Dona Ana, in the
Territory of Now Mexico; which was read afirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
TERRITORIAL LEGISLATURES.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on the Tcrritoiies be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the or-
ganic acts cfTiblishinii temtorml governments for New
Mexico and Washington, so that the number of memheis
in each of the two branches of the Legislative Assemblies
shall be equal to the number provided for in section four of
The act approved March 3, 1849, to establish the territorial
government of Minnesota.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a
bill to provide for a superintendent of Indian
