1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
izing him to select any. Thus these contractors
•were coerced into the adoption of the route des-
ignated by the Postmaster General, on consult-
ation with the President and Cabinet. I say that
that was a violation of the law—of its letter and
*of its spirit. The Postmaster General tells us ex*
plicitly, in his report, that none of the contractors
bid for the route which he designated; and he
caused them, under the penalty of not having
their bids accepted for any other route, to bid for
that which he designated. It think it is as clear
as the noon-day sun, that the power of the Ad-
ministration was exerted to make these contract-
ors take a southern route; a route by which nine
hundred miles are added to the distance, against
the interests of the vast majority of the people of
the country, and to subserve political and private
interests at the expense of the public, which it
was their duty to guard, and in violation of the
law they were sworn to execute.
Mr, BRANCH. I have nothing to say about
Butterfield & Co.; but 1 do desire to offer an
amendment to the bill, which has nothing to do
with Butterfield & Co. I rise simply to express
the hope that, after all the time that we have de-
voted to Butteilield & Co., other amendments
may be offered.
The question recurred on Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BRANCH. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in in continuation of the second
section of the bill:
Provided, The sums heretofore appropriated for the erec-
tion of post office buildings, and which shall remain m the
Tre.isuty unexpended at the close of the piesent fiscal year,
are hereby reappiopriated to the objects to which thoy are
now applicable by law.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The appropriations to which the amendment has
reference, have nothing to do with this bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the reading of the
81st rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
"No appropriation shall he reported in snch gener.il ap-
propriation bills," or be m order as an amendment thereto,
l'or any expendtluie not previously authonzed by law."
Mr. BRANCH. It will be observed that my
amendment is for expenditures already author-
ized by law, and for the continuation of public
works already in progress. The rule covers it
expressly and precisely.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
whether there is an existing law authorizing the
appropriations ?
Mr. BRANCH. There is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desire to say a few words
in explanation of my amendment, and but a few.
Some years ago, appropriations were made by
Congress for the erection of certain post office
buildings. A few months after those appropria-
tions were made, the peeuniary difficulties which
fell upon the country and upon the Treasury in-
duced the Secretary of the Treasury to postpone,
temporarily, the construction of those works. The
•works have never yet been finished, nor indeed
have they been progressed with to any consider-
able extent. It is the impression of the Treasury
Department, that on the 30th of June next those
appropriations will lapse and fall into the surplus
fund, unless Congress takes some action in the
mean timo in regard to them. The amendment
■which 1 offer does not propose to appropriate any
additional sum, nor does it create any new or in-
creased demand upon the public Treasury. It is
designed only to prevent these appropriations
from lapsing into the surplus fund, and to keep
them alive, so that when the condition oftheTreas-
ury shall be such as to justify it, these works
can be proceeded with by the Secretary of the
Treasury. The object of my amendment is to
avoid the necessity, m the piesent crippled con-
dition of the Treasuiy, of expending money for
buildings which are not immediately needed. It
is a measure of relief to the Treasury; because, if
the amendment be not adopted, the Secretary of
the Treasury will be bound to go on and expend
the money previous to next July. If it is adopted,
he can postpone the expenditure, or a part of it,
accordingto his judgment, to some huure time.
I hope the committee perceive that my amend-
ment does not provide for any new buildings, or
for any increased demand upon the Treasury,
hlu simply puts these appropriations, heretofore
made, in such a condition that the Secretary of
the Treasury can defer them, from time to time,
until the condition of the Treasury enables him
to go on with the works. If something of this
sort is not done, he will be compelled to go on
and expend the money before the 1st of July,
when, perhaps, in his judgment, the condition of
the Treasury renders it inexpedient for him to
do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand the amend-
ment, it merely proposes to give the Secretary of
the Treasury two years longer time.
Mr. BRANCH. That is all.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last three lines.
The amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina has no relation to the Post Office De-
partment. It provides that appropriations here-
tofore made for the construction of buildings for
post officcs combined with court-rooms and cus-
tom-houses, and for post offices alone, shall not
lapse and go into the surplus fund at the expira-
tion of the current fiscal year.
The Chair having ruled the amendment to be
in order, I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that hitherto appropriations
have been made for the erection of public build-
ings throughout the United States. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury told you, at the last session
of Congress, that he had not commenced the con-
struction of certain of those buildings, because
there were not sufficient funds at his disposal, and
submitted it to Congress as to what provision
they should make for the continuation of those
buildings. At this session, also, he called our at-
tention to the fact that those buildings had not
been commenced by him, because there was no
money in the Treasury which he could spare for
that purpose. The proposition of the gentleman
from North Carolina, is to revive and continue
in force the laws heretofore made appropriating
money for these purposes, so as to prevent the
appropriations from lapsing, and going into the
surplus fund of the Treasury. In other words,
he proposes to inappropriate the money for the
erection of buildings at certain points. Another
reason assigned by the Secretary of the Tteasury
why he had not commenced the erection of build-
ings at certain points, was, that the amounts ap-
piopriated for the purpose were inadequate even
for the purchase of sites, and much more so for
completion of the buildings designed. The effect
of this amendment will be to revive and continue
in force, for two years longer, appropriations
made by preceding Congresses, to the amountof
from half a million to ono million dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri a question, i understand the
amendment, wlucU is now before the committee,
to ptopose to rcappiopi iute money which, if the
amendment does not pass, will go back into the
Treasury; and, as a matter of course, as sug-
gested by my friend from Pennsylvania, will stop
the works for which it was originally appropri-
ated. Now, I desire to know of linn, whether
the Secretaiy of the Treasury will not consider
the reapproprintion of this money, at this time,
under the existing circumstances, as an instruc-
tion for him to proceed immediately with the
wont on the buildings, thus creating a necessity
for an additional amount to bo received by him
during the present session of Congress?
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman permit me
to respond 5
Mr. HOUSTON. I asked the question of the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In response to the
interrogatory of my friend from Alabama, I will
state, that unless this reappropriation of money
is made, it will go to the surplus fund; that if
this money is^reappropriated, in my opinion, it
will amount to an mstiuction to the Secretary of
the Treasury to proceed to expend it for the pur-
poses for which it was intended, and that it will
thereby create the necessity for an additional
loan.
Mr. HOUSTON". That is as I understand it.
Mr. ICEITT. I move to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it in order to make that
motion while an amendment is pending?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. KEITT. I will withdraw it for the pres-
ent, at the reauest of gentlemen around me.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Phelps to the amendment-
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order
upon that amendment. If that amendment prevails,
the original amendment, as a matter of course,
would be out of order; because it would appropri-
ate money which is not provided for by law. The
very clause of the amendment which the gentle-
man from Missouri moves to strike out, is the
only clause which brings it within the rules of the
House—that clause providing that the money re-
appropriated should be expended for the purposes
for which it was applicable under existing law.
If that be stricken out, the balance of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina is
clearly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will see
that the original amendment merely proposes to
reappropriate money, which has once been appro-
priated under existing law; and, therefore, would
be in order, even with the clause to which the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri ap-
plies stricken out.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment originally offered by Mr. Branch.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the last
clause of the original bill by striking out the
words " fifty-nine, " and inserting the word
" sixty," so as to make the appropriation to
supply the deficiency in the revenues of the Post
Office Department apply to the next fiscal year,
instead of the present one.
Mr. BRANCH. That cannot be received as
an amendment to the amendment; for my amend-
ment does not propose to amend the text of the
original bill at all. It is an additional clause.
Mr. STANTON. Is not the section of the bill
open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. STANTON. Is it not in order to amend
a section before the question can be taken on add-
ing to it ?
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
■ be m order to move to add to the section, if the
| gentleman wishes to propose an amendment of
1 that nature.
j Mr. STANTON. I understand that; but is it
I not in order to move to strike out and insert in
1 the original text of the section before any addi-
j tion can be made to it?
| The CHAIRMAN. There is no such amend-
! ment pending.
Mr. STANTON. But that is the amendment
which I propose to offer.
ThoCHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks such an
; amendment would not be in order at this time.
! Mr. GROW. 1 rise to a question.of order, for
; the purpose of understanding this matter. I ask
I the Chair if the last clause of the bill has been
: read this morning ?
j The CHAIRMAN. It was read yesterday.
' Mr. GROW. It was not read for amendment.
I The Clerk commenced to read it while a gentle-
man was on the floor desiring to amend the first
section. The Clerk may have gone through with
1 the reading, because we could not stop him; but
1 the committee did not consider that section open
to amendment; because they, after that, proceeded
to vote upon at least two amendments offered to
, the fust section.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can only speak
; from recollection; but that recollection is con-
firmed by that of the Clerk's, that the lastsection
j of the bill was read yesterday for amendment;
1 and upon that ground the Chair will now hold
i that it is not competent for the gentleman to go
j back now, and move to amend the section.
! Mr. GROW. That is certainly not my recol-
j lection.
j Mr. STANTON. It certainly is not the fact.
I desired at the time to move this amendment to
1 that section, but it was not in oider; because the
section had been road prematurely while amend-
ments were still being offered to the first section.
■ I have watched the proceedings very closely since
: that time, and there has not been a time when the
; second section could have been amended, unless
; it can be now.
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
1 is evidently misled by the fact that the amend-
j merit of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blaik]
1 applied to the first section of the bill. The section
