1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
affairs for Washington Territory, and additional
Indian agents; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
MILITARY ROADS IN "WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced bills of the following titles; which were sev-
erally read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill for the construction of military roads in
the Territory of Washington; and
A hill for the completion of military roads in
the Territory of Washington.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill to make additional appropriations for
the completion of the public buildings in Wash-
ington Territory; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
ELIAS YULEE.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Ehas Yuleo, late re-
ceiver of the land office in Washington Territory;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
DEFENSE OF PUGET SOUND, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS,of Washington,submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secret.iry of War be requested to
communicate to the House detailed p'rms and estimate!; for
the defense of Puget Sound and the entianco of the Co-
lumbia river.
NAVY YARD, ETC., AT PUGET SOUND.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and Agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval AfT.urs he in-
ftuictod to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
njvy-yaid and naval depot on Puget Sound.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT PUGET SOUND.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be m-
ftruered to impute into the expediency of making an ap-
p'oprmtion ot money for the conjunction of a niaime hos-
pital 101 Puget Sound.
BOUNDARY OP KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT introduced a hill to change the
northern boundary line of the Territory of Kan-
sas; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
LAND ENTRIES IN LEAVENWORTH ISLAND.
Mr. PAPvllOTT introduced a bill legalizing
certain entries of land situate in Leavenworth Isl-
and, in the State of Missouri; which was read a
f4rst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
SETTLERS ON KANSAS HALF-BREED TRACT.
Mr. PARROTT also introduced a bill to secure
the titles to settlers upon the Kansas hail-breed
tract; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
KANSAS MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. PARROTT a]ao introduced a hill to regu-
late settlements on the mineral lands in Kansas
T\~ rritory; which was read a first and second time,
and reftrred to the Committee on Public Lands.
FORT LEAVENWORTH RESERVATION.
Air. PARROTT also introduced a bill to reduce
the military reservation at Foit Leavenwortn,
Kansas Territory; which was read a first and
second time, and refened to the Committee on
Military Allans.
KANSAS MILITARY ROADS.
Mr. PARROTT also introduced a bill making
an appropriation tor the repairs of certain nuhta.1 y
roads in Kansas Territory; which was read a fust
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
LAND DISTRICT IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON introduced a bill establish-
ing: an additional land district in the Territory of
Nebraska; which was read afirstandsccondtime,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
SCHOOL LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill author-
izing the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Nebraska to provide for leasing school sec-
tions sixteen and thirty-six, in said Territory, for
the benefit of common schools; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill to
grant to every person who is the head of a family,
and a citizen of the United States, a homestead of
one hundred and sixty acres of land out of the
public domain, on condition of the occupancy and
cultivation of the same for a period therein speci-
fied; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
GEOLOGICAL, ETC., SURVEY OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill to pro-
vide foi a cjeolosKal and mnuralogical survey of j
the Territory of Nebraska; which was read a first [
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
NEBRASKA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill for de-
fraying the expenses of an extra session of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Ne-
braska; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill to es-
tablish an additional judicial district in the Teni-
tory of Nebraska, to be called the Laramie dis-
trict; which was read a first and second time, and
refened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
OMAHA CITY.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill for the
relief of Omaha City, m the Territory of Nebras- j
If a; which was read a first and second time, and i
refened to the Committee on Temtoiies. |
FLORIDA VOLUNTEERS. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid '
before the House a communication from the Sec- j
rotary of the Treasury, transmitUngesUmates for
the payment of the Florida volunteers; which was i
refeired to the Committee of Ways and Means, ,
and ordered to be punted. j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that j
the House do now adjourn. j
WILLIAM HAZARD WIGG. j
Mr. MOORE. Before the question is taken upon j
that motion, I desire to ask the consent of the |
House to t.ike up ftom the Speaker's table Sen- j
ate resolution (No. 52) for the relief of William i
Ilazaul WiiT-T- i
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will waive j
mv motion for that purpose. ;
'Mr. MOORE. T ask the unanimous consent j
of the House to take up pnd put upon its passage :
Senate resolution {No. 52) for tlm relief ol Wil-
liam Hazard Wigrr. The object of the resolu- '
tion is merely to correct a clerical error. U comes
to the House unanimously leemnmonded by mc
Committee of Claims. I ask that the resolution
may b.„ put upon us passage.
The resolution, which was read, directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to examine and adjust .
the accounts of William Hazard "VVi™:, stated
under the authority of an act of On^ivss for his .
relief, approved March 3,1853,and ascertain the ;j
alleged clerical error, whereby the sum of £.1,5G<) ^
is supposed to have been withheld, and to pay the 1 j
same to him out of any moneys in the Treasury , ;
not otherwise appropriated, according to the true ; j
inUnest and meaning of said act. ■<
The report of the Committee of Claims states, 'j
that, by reference to House Report No. 176, first !
session Thirty-Second Congress, it will be found j
that there was a clerical error in the statement of ^
the account of William Hazard Wigg, amount- j!
ing to the sum of $1,560; and therefore they re- i;
spoiled the Senate resolution, with arecommenda- ||
tion that it do pass. j
Mr. MORGAN objected. _ t ji
Mr. MOORE. I hope the gentleman will with- '!
draw the objection. !j
HIRAM POWERS.
Mr. SEWARD. I made an objection, the
other day, to a Senate bill which the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] desired to
take up and put upon its passage. I withdraw
the objection, and hope it may now be taken up
and put upon its passage.
Mr. W/NSLOVV. Let the hill be read.
The title of the bill was reported, as follows:
An act (S. No. 276) to authorize the President
to make advances of money to Hiram Powers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Itis timeenough
to pay when the work is done.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT GALVESTON.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask unanimous
consent to take up and put upon its passage a
Senate resolution in reference to the Galveston
custom-house, which I attempted to call up a few
days ago, but it was objected to. That objection
has been withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is upon the floor.
The resolution was read, as follows:
A resolution (S. No. 54) changing the plan of
the custom-house at Galveston, in the State of
Texas.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the resolution:
J3.n<l provided further, That the consent, in writing, of the
coutiactor* and their surefire for the co^tiuctiou of said
custom-house to such .Uteiations.shall be first had and de-
liveied to the Bc<-i«'Uuy of the Treasury.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish to withdraw my ob-
jection to the resolution for the relief of William
Hazard W igg.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I believe I have
th" floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
had the mrht to make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. What will be the pending
question, if I withdraw my motion?
The SPEAKER. It will be upon the Senate
resolution, called up by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. STANTON. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. The passage of
this resolution is recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the contractors are waiting
here for its passage. It is merely for altering the
plan of the custom-house at Galveston. The al-
teration is to be confined within 1 he present ap-
propriation, and at the rate of prices already pro-
vided.
Mr. JEWETT. I object to the consideration
of the resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The objection
comes too late, as the resolution has been re-
ceived.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was ngrood to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at twenty minutes past three o'clock)
adjourned to meet on the 4th day of January next,
in accordance with the concurrent resolution of
the Senate and House of Representatives.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 4, 1859.
Hon. H on e fit W. Johksom, of A rkansns; Hon.
Ghoiioe E. Put.it, of Ohio; and lion. Dahd L.
Yulee, of Florida, attended to-day.
Prayer by Rev. W\ U. Edwards, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday, December 23, 1858,
was lead and appioved.
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr, STUART." There is a very great interest
felt m the proceedings that are to take place here,
previous to going into the other Chamber. While
many of the ladies have found seats in the galle-
ries, there are others who have not, and have great
anxiety to witness these proceedings. We have
plenty of seats here, anil I move ([ hope there
will bo no objection to it) that they be admitted
to seats on the floor. It will be but for a few mo-
ments, and they will not interrupt our business.
