202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HAMLIN. It may be an ungracious, it
is an unpleasant task, to object to the motion
which has been made by my friend from Michi-
gan; but I have seen so many occasions when
ladies were admitted to this Hall when the result
was only to interrupt the legitimate business of
the session, that 1 feel compelled to enter my ob-
jection. We passed a resolution on the last day
of our meeting excluding all persons, except the
members of the House of Representatives, from
being admitted to the Senate Chamber; and I think
it is too early now to depart from that resolution.
I must therefore object to this pioposition.
REMOVAL TO THE MEW HALL.
Mr. DAVIS. The special committee appoint-
ed to make arrangements for the removal of the
Senate from the present to the new Chamber have
directed me to make a report, accompanied by a
diagram, which I now submit to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the report.
The Secretary read the report, in which the
committee state that they had arranged the seats
and desks for Senators, and for the officers and
reporters of the Senate, in the mode exhibited in
an accompanying diagram. They had also as-
signed rooms for the use of the officers of the Sen-
ate; and they added that an appropriation was
required for furnishing them. The galleries on
the left of the chair were assigned to ladies and
the gentlemen accompanying them; those on the
right of the chair to gentlemen alone. The center
portion of the north gallery was reserved for such
reporters of the press as maybe admitted thereto
by the authority of the Senate, except the front
desk, which was set apart for the reporters of the
Senate. The committee proposed the following
order of proceedings for removing to the new
Chamber: After an address, to be delivered by
the Vice President, the Senators, preceded by
their President, Secretary,and Sergeant-at-Arms,
will move in the usual order of procession to the
new Chamber, and there assume the scats respect-
ively assigned to them; when, after prayer by the
Chaplain, the business will be continued as pre-
scribed by the rules of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move you, Mr. Pres-
ident and Senators, that we proceed at once to the
consideration of this report, and that it be adopted.
That is the purpose ior which I rise. Before,
however, submitting that motion to the vote of
the Senate, I hope that I may be indulged in a few
words of parting from this Chamber. This is to
be the last day of our session here; and this placc,
which has known us so long, is to know us no
more forever as a Senate. The parting seems to
me, sir, to be somewhat of a solemn one, and full
of eventful recollections. I wish, however, only
to say a few words.
Many associations, pleasant and proud, bind us
and our hearts to this place. We cannot but feel
their influence,especially I, Mr. President, whose
lot it has been to serve in this body more years
than any other member now present. That we
should all be attached to it, that my longer asso-
ciation should attach mo to it, is most natural.
Mr. President, we cannot quit this Chamber with-
out some feeling of sacred sadness. This Cham-
ber has been the scene of great events. Here
questions of American constitutions and laws
have been debated; questions of peace and war
have been debated and decided; questions of em-
pire have occupied the attention of this assem-
blage in times past; this was the grand theater
upon which these things have been enacted. They
give a sort of consecrated character to this I-Iall.
Sir, great men have been the actors here. The
illustrious dead, that have distinguished this body
in times past, naturally rise to our view on such
an occasion. 1 speak only of what I have seen,
and but partially of that, when I say that here,
within these walls, I have seefl men whose fame
is not surpassed, and whose power and ability
and patriotism are not surpassed, by anything of
Grecian or of Roman name. I have seen Clay
and Webster, and Calhoun and Benton,and Leigh
and Wright, and Clayton, (last though not least,)
mingling together in this body at one time, and
uniting their counsels for the benefit of their coun-
try. They .seem to our imagination and sensi-
bilities, on such an occasion as this, to have left
their impress on these very walls; and this ma-
jestic dome seems almost yet to echo with the
voice of their eloquence. This Hall seems to be
a local habitation for their names. This Hall is
full of the pure odor of their justly-earned fame.
There are others besides those I have named, of
whom I will not speak, because they have not yet
closed their career—not yet ended their services
to the country; and they will receive their reward
hereafter. There are a host of others that I might
mention—that deserve to be mentioned—but it
<would take too long. Their names are in no
danger of being forgotten, nor their services un-
thought of or unhonored.
Sir, we leave behind us, in going from this
Hall, these associations, these proud imagina-
tions so well calculated to prompt to a generous
emulation of their services to their country; but
we will carry along with us, to the new Chamber
to which we are to go, the spirit and the memory
of all these things; we will carry with us all the
inspiration which our illustrious predecessors are
calculated to give; and wherever we sit we shall
be the Senate of the United States of America—a
great, a powerful, a conservative body in the
government of this country, and a body that will
maintain, as I trust and believe, under all circum-
stances and in all times to come, the honor, the
right, and the glory of this country. Because
we leave this Chamber, we shall not leave be-
hind us any sentiment of patriotism, any devo-
tion to the country which the illustrious exem-
plars that have gone before us have set to us.
These, like our household gods, will be carried
with us; and wc, the representatives of the States
of this mighty Union, will bo found always equal,
I trust, to the exigencies of any time that may
come upon our country. No matter under what
sky we may sit; no matter what dome may cover
us; the great patriotic spirit of the Senate of the
United States will be there; and I have an abiding
confidence that it will never fail in the perform-
ance of its duty, sit where it may, even though
it were in a desert.
But it is yet, sir, not possible to leave this Hall
without casting behind us many longing and lin-
gering looks. It has been the scene of the past;
the new Chamber is to be the scene of the future;
and that future, I hope, will not be dishonored
by any comparison to be made with the past. It,
too, will have its illustrations of great public ser-
vices rendered by great men and great patriots;
and this body, the great preservative element of
the Government, will discharge all its duties,
taking care to preserve the Union of the States
which they repiosent—the source of all their hon-
ors, the source of the trust which they sit here to
execute, the source as it has been and as it will
be of their country's greatness, happiness, and
prosperity, in tunes to come as it has been 111 the
time that is past.
Mr. President, I cannot detain you longer. I
move that the vote of the Senate be now taken
011 the report which has been presented, and that
it be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agieeing to the rcpoit of ihe committee.
The report was adopted nan. con.
Tile VICE PRESIDENT. Senators, I have
been charged by the committee to whom you con-
fided the arrangements of this day, with the duty
of expressing some of tho reflections that naturally
occur in taking final leave of a Chamber which
has so long been occupied by the Senate. In the
progress of our country ana the growth of the 1
representation, this room has become too con-
tracted for the representatives of the States now
existing and soon to exist; and accordingly you
are about to exchange it for a Hall affording ac-
commodations adequate to the present and the
future. The occasion suggests many interesting
reminiscences; and it may be agreeable, in the
first placc, to occupy a few minutes with a short
account of the various places at which Congress
has assembled, of the struggles which preceded
the permanent location of the seat of Government,
and of the c-ircumstances under which it was
finally established on the banks of the Potomac.
The Congress erf the Revolution was sometimes
a fugitive, holding its sessions, as the chances of
war required, at Philadelphia, Baltimore, Lan-
caster, Annapolis, and Yorktown. During the
period between the conclusion of peace anil the
commencement of the present Government, it
met at Princeton, Annapolis, Trenton, and New
York.
After the idea of a permanent Union had' been
executed in part by the adoption of the Articles
of Confederation, the question presented itself of
fixing a seat of Government, and thisimmediately
called forth intense interest and rivalry.
That the place should be central, having regard
to the population and territory of the Confederacy
was the only point common to the contending,
parties. Propositions of all kinds were offered,
debated, and rejected, sometimes with intemper-
ate warmth. At length, on the 7th of October,
1783, the Congress being at Princeton,, whither
they had been driven from Philadelphia, by the
insults of a body of armed men, it was resolved
that a building for the use of Congress be erected
near the falls of the Delaware. This was soon
after modified by requiring suitable buildings to-
be also erected near the falls of the Potomac* that
the residence-of Congress might alternate betwe  
those places. But the question was not allowed
to rest, and at length, after frequent and warm
debates, it was resolved that the residence of Con-
gress should continue at one place; and commis-
sioners were appointed, with full power to lay
out a district for a Federal town near the falls of
the Delaware; and in the mean time Congress as-
sembled alternately at Trenton and Annapolis;
but the representatives of other States were unre-
mitting in exertions for their respective localities.
On the 23d of December, 1784, it was resolved
to remove to the city of New York, and to re-
main there until the building on the Delaware
should be completed;and accordingly, on the 11th
of January, 1785, the Congress met at New York,
where they continued to hold their sessions until
the Confederation gave place to the Constitution.
The Commissioners to lay out a town on the
Delaware reported their proceedings to Congress;
but no further steps were taken to carry the res-
olution into effect.
When the bonds of union were drawn closer by
the organization of the new Government under
the Constitution, on the 3d of March, 1789, the
subject was revived and discussed'with greater
warmth than before. It was conceded on all sides
that the residence of Congress should continue at
one place,and the prospect of stability in the Gov-
ernment invested the question with a deeper in-
terest. Some members proposed New York, as
being " superior to any j>lace they knew for the
orderly and decent behavior of its inhabitants."'
To this it was answered that it was rrot desirable
that the political capital should be in a commer-
cial metropolis. Others ridiculed the idea of build-
ing palaccs in the woods. Mr. Gerry, of Massa-
chusetts, thought it highly unreasonable to fix the
seat of Government in such a position as to have
nine States of the thirteen td the northward of the-
place; while the South Carolinians objected to
Philadelphia on account of the number of Qua-
kers, who, they said, continually annoyed the
southern members with schemes of emancipation.
In the midst of these disputes, the House of
Representatives resolved, "that the permanent
seat of Government ought to be at some conve-
nient place on the banks of the Susquehanna."
On the introduction of a bill to give effect to this
resolution, much feeling was exhibited ^specially
by the southern members. Mr. Madison thought
if the proceeding of that day had been foreseen
by Virginia, that State might not have become a
party to the Constitution. The question was al-
lowed by every member to be a matter of great
importance. Mr. Scott said the future tranquillity
and well-being of the United States depended as
much on this as on any question that ever had,
or could, come before Congress; and Mr. Fisher
Ames remarked that every principle of pride and
honor and even of patriotism were engaged. For
a time, any agreement appeared to he impossible;
but the good genius of our system finally prevailed,
and on the 28th of June, 1790, an act was passed
containing the following clause:
" That a distnetof territoiy on ttie river Potomac, at some
place between the mouths of the eastern branch and the
Connogoeheagiie, he, and the same is hereby, accepted, for
the permanent seat ot the Government of the United btates."
The same act provided that Congress should
hold its sessions at Philadelphia until the first
Monday m November, 1800, when the Govern-
ment should remove to the district selected on the
Potomac. Thus was settled a question which had
