204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
tere, oppressed, but not overwhelmed by his deep
sense of the importance of his public functions;
seeking the truth, then fearlessly following it—a
man whose unsparing intellect compelled all his
emotions to harmonize with the deductions of his
rigorous logic, and whose noble countenance hab-
itually wore the expression of one engaged in the
performance of high public duties.
This was Webster's seat. He, too, was every
inch a Senator. Conscious of his own vast pow-
ers, he reposed with confidence on himself; and
scorning the contrivances of smaller men, he stood
among his peers all the greater for the simple dig-
nity of his senatorial demeanor. Type of his
northern home, he rises before the imagination, in
the grand and granite outline of his form and in-
tellect, like a great New England rock, repelling
a New England wave. As a writer, his produc-
tions will be chcrished by statesmen and scholars
while the English tongue is spoken. As a sen-
atorial orator, his great efforts are historically as-
sociated with this Chamber, whose very air seems
yet to vibrate beneath the strokes of his deep tones
and his weighty words.
On the outer circle, sat Henry Clay, with his im-
petuous and ardent nature untamed by age, and
exhibiting in the Senate the same vehement pat-
riotism and passionate eloquence that of yore elec-
trified the House of Representatives and the coun-
try. His extraordinary personal endowments, his
courage, all his noble qualities, invested him with
an individuality and a charm of character which,
in any age, would have made him a favorite of
history* He loved his country above all earthly
objects. He loved liberty in all countries. Illus-
trious man! — orator, patriot, philanthropist—
whose light, at its meridian, was seen and felt in
the remotest parts of the civilized world; and
whose declining sun, as it hastened down the
west, threw back its level beams, in hues of mel-
lowed splendor, to illuminate and to cheer the
land he loved and served so well.
All the States may point, with gratified pride,
to the services in the Senate of their patriotic sons.
Crowding the memory, come the names of Adams,
Ilayne, Wright, Mason, Otis, Macon, Pinck-
ney, and the rest—1 cannot number them—who,
in the record of their acts and utterances, appeal
to their successors to give the Union a destiny
not unwoithy of the past. What models were
these, to awaken emulation or to plunge in de-
spair ! Poi tuimte will be the American statesmen
who, in this age, or m succeeding times, shall
contribute to invest the new Ilall to which we go,
with historic memories like those which cluster
here.
And now, Senators, we leave this memorable
Chamber, bearing with us, unimpaired, the Con-
stitution we received from our forefatheis. tLet
us cherish it with grateful acknowledgments to
the Divine Power who eontiolsthe desunn s of
empiu\s and whoso goodness wo adore. The,
jstiucturew reated by men yield to the corroding
tooth of time. These marble walls must molder
into rum; bui the piinciples of constitutional lib-
erty, guarded by wisdom and \ntuc, unlike ma-
terial elements, do not decay. Let us devoutly
trust that another Senate, in another age, shall bear
to a new and larger Chamber, this Constitution
vigorous and inviolate, and that the last genera-
tion of posterity shall witness the deliberations of
the, Repiesentatives of Amencan States still uni-
ted, prosperous, and free.
In execution of the order of the Senate, the
body will now proceed to the new Chamber.
The Senate, preceded by the Vice President,
the Secretary, and the Serjeant-at-Arms, pro-
ceeded to the new Chamber.
The Senators having been seated, the VICE
PRESID&NT called the bodv to order, and the ;
Rev. P. D. Guri.lv, D. D., offered up the follow- j
ing prayer: ,
Almighty God, our Father and helper, m all
the events and changes of life, we would acknowl-
edge Thee that Thou mayest direct our steps. In
entering this new eoune.il chamber where the rep-
resentatives of a gi eat, a free, and a mighty nation
are to meet and deliberate in years to come, wo
would look up to Thee through Jesus Christ for .
Thy presence and Thy blessing. To Thee would ,
we dedicate the place—to Thee our God and the .
God of our fathers. To the cause of justice, of lib- !
et ty,and of humanity, would we dedicate it; pray- ;
ing that the counsels which may prevail m ycai.J ,
to come, may be counsels of truth, of duty, and
of wisdom, which Thou wilt approve, and which
Thou wilt cause to redound to Thine own glory,
and to the highest welfare of our beloved country.
Grant, we beseech Thee, that those who come
here from year to year, as the representatives of
the different States of this Union, maybe true to
the Union, and true to all the interests confided
to their care. May they never yield to the sway
of evil passion, or sacrifice any principle or in-
terest which duty to Thee and to their beloved
country may call them to defend; but may they
so act in the fear of Thy name, and under the
guidance of Thy word, that the influences which
issue hence, shall be cheering to the heart of
Christian patriotism, and only cheering, and that
continually.
We beg of Thee, blessed God, here to be pres-
ent in the hour of our country's peril, whether
that peril be internal or external, domestic or for-
eign. In the hour of peril, be Thou here to guide
our councillors byThine own counsel,and to in-
cline them, while they prove all things, to hold
fast that which is good.
And now, our God, we beseech Thee to spread
over us the banner of Thy protection. Aye let
it wave over the flag of our country, and over all
our ptocious interests. Aye let it wave from
generation to generation over this Hall, and over
the happy representatives of a happy, a free, and
a united people; and to Thy name, Father, Son,
and Xloly Ghost, shall be the praise and the glory
forever. Amen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are in
order.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
credentials of Hon. William K. Skbastiak, i
chosen a Senator of the United States by the
Legislature of Arkansas, for the term of six years,
from and after the 4th of March next; which were
read and ordered to be placed on file.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a paper from B. J.
Moeller, a lieutenant in the Navy, in relation to
his transfer fiom the furlough to the leave list;
| which was referred to the Committee on Naval
| Affairs.
| Mr. ltAllLAN presented two petitions from
; citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
j mail route fiom jefferson to Sac City, in that
' State: which were referred to the Committee on
j the Post Office and Post Roads.
} Mr. BRIGHT piesented the memorial of Wil-
liam Maxwell Wood, a surgeon m the Navy,
I prayingto be allowed traveling expenses incuned
j umleran order of his commanding o/licer; which
was refened to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
j Mr. HAMMOND piesented a petition of res-
! jdents of Edgefield disti ict, South Carolina, pi ay-
, ing the esMhushnicnt of a post ofiioo at Kaolin,
• in that State, and additional mail facilities between
' Ih'anchvilleand Kaolin; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also piesented the memorial of William
Hazaid Wigg, praying that the papers relating
to Ins claim (or the destruction of his grandfather's
property during the icvolutioriary war, may be
withdrawn fiom theCouitof Claims and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
lie also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina, opposed to any change
in the present organization of the Light-House
Hoard; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MASON presented the memonal of Fannie
White, widow of C. B. White, a military store-
keeper, playing to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to ihe Committee on Pensions.
Air. KENNEDY piesented the memorial of
.Tames H. Causten, attorney in fact of the legal
ivpiesentatives of Samuel Smith, James A. Bu-
chanan, and others, praying that interest may be
allowed in the settlement of their accounts at the
Tieasury D< part men t, upon cei tain awards made
for vessels sunk m the defense of the city of Balti- 1
more duung the lost war with Great Britain-,.which
was refened to the Committee on Commerce.
Air. DAVIS presented the petition of officers of
the Army stationed at Fort Kearny, praying that
provision may be made for supporting bands of
music in the military service; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Healso presented the memorial of Samu«l Jones,
a captain in the United States Army, praying to
be remunerated for losses sustained by him in
consequence of the blowing up of the steamer
Pennsylvania, on the Mississippi river, while he
was a passenger thereon, traveling in the public
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that all further traffic in and mo-
nopoly of the public lands may be prevented, and
that they may be laid out in farms for the use of
actual settle^; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. GWIN presented twelve petitions of cit-
izens of California, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Marysville to San Francisco;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Robert Per-
kins, praying indemnity for property stolen and
destroyed by the Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Leonard J.
Rose, praying indemnity for property stolen and
destroyed by the Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Thomas Sprague, praying compensation for in-
vestigating certain depredations on the public
lands in the State of Michigan; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
Reuben Knight and others, whose claims for
bounty land under the act of March 3,1855, have
been rejected, piaying a modification of that act;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of the
Provident Association of Clerks, praying an
amendment of their chaiter; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. GREEN presented additional papers in
support of the claims of James and R. H. Porter,
praying indemnity for losses occasioned by the
United States Army in the expedition to Utah;
whirh was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of Simeon
Geron, praying compensation for services ren-
dered and losses sustained m carrying dispatches
during the war of J8I2; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Marshall
Harvey, praying to be allowed an invalid pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a statement of S. S. Wick-
ham, John Robinson, and Samuel S. Bryan, sol-
diers in the war with Mexico, respecting the rais-
ing of the first American flag on the citadel of
Mexico, in September, 1847; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Rebecca
A. Con ell, widow of Isaac Correll, deceased, late
private in company D, eleventh regiment United
States infantry, for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that the public lands may be laid
out in farms for the free and exclusive use of ac-
tual settleis: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of the An-
nual Convention of Baptists, held at Iowa City,
Iowa, October 9, 1858, praying the enactment of
a law for the protection of chaplains in the pub-
lic service; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of R. H. Gillet
asking compensation for the argument of certain
cases m the Supreme Court of the United States,
at the request of the Attorney General; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Ra-
phael Seimnes, acommandcrin the Navy, praying
that he may be allowed the sea-service pay of his
giade while employed as secretary of the Light-
House Board; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Ailairs.
