1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
"REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred various petitions
of officers of the Navy, have instructed me to re-
port a bill (S. No. 485) to increase the pay of the
officers of the Navy, 1 give notice to the Senate, as
the session is necessarily a short one, that I will
move at an early day to take up this bill, and test
the sense of the Senate upon it.
The bill was reacj, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. MALLORY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (S. No. 48G) to authorize the
construction of ten small war steamers; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD gave 'notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to refund to the State
of New Yoik moneys expended by that State in
constructing and repairing the harbor at Buffalo,
on Lake Erie, at the western termination of the
Erie canal.
Mr. BIGL.ER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate the loca-
tion of the public buildings in the city of Phila-
delphia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 61) giving construction to the act
entitled "An act to extend an act entitled ' An
act to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans,'approved February 3, 1853,"approved
June 3, 1858; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint, resolution (S.
No. €2) explanatory of an act appioved March
3, 3855, entitled An act granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States;"
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr.G WIN asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained.leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 63) authorizing the settlement of the accounts
of Redick McKee; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Aiiairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous conscnt ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 484) for
the relief of IsaacS K. Ogier, judge of the United
States district couit for tiie southern district of
California; which was read twice by Us title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
MAILS TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a lull (S. No. 4&3)
concerning the transportation of the mails between
tin* Pacific and Atlantic coasts.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. GWiN. Mr. President, I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few moments, to explain
the provisions of this bill, before I move us iofer-
ence to tiie Committee on the Fust Office and Post
Roads. The contiacts for carrying the mails to
the Pacific coast by ocean steamers, expire on
the 1st of October n<j>:t. I propose m this bill to
make provision for the transportation of the mails
to the States on tiie Pacific on four different ocean
routes, to wit: Panama, Nicaragua,Tehuuntepec,
and Vera Cruz.
The first and second sections of the bill author-
ize the Postmaster General to contract for cairy-
jn2: the mails monthly in twenty-four and twenty-
two days, from New Voile to San Francisco, und
thence to Astoiia. The third and fourth sections
give the same officer authority to contract for
carrying the mails monthly fiom New Orleans
bv tiie way of Tehuantepec and Vera Cruz, to
connect at that point with the other two lines.
The tune by these routes, fiom New Orleans to
San Francisco, is to be seventeen days. Each
contract is to be given to the lowest responsible
bidder; those by"Panama and Nicaragua not, to
exceed tV250.000 each, and those by Tehuantepec
and Vera Cruz not to exceed ^143,000 each.
Until recently we have had but, one of these
xoutes opened, and t b^ mails earned on it semi-
monthly, at un annual cost of a bout seven hunt' red
and fifty thousand dollars, in thelast two orthree
months the mails have been conveyed semi-
monthly fiom New Orleans, via Tehuantepec, to
Acapulco,atacostof £286,000, making the amount ;
now paid annually on the two routes upwards of .
a million dollars. By the provisions of this bill
it is proposed to carry these mails monthly over
each of the four routes, at about the same rates j
that we have heretofore paid for semi-monthly ser- :
vice on one route, and for $250,000 less than is now |
paid on two routes. This is the maximum rate )
which the Postmaster General is authorized to pay j
for this service, and he may get it done for less, for j
each route is to be let to the lowest responsible t
bidder. There is no doubt he will be able to get I
the service performed at these rates. Six years ;
ago, responsible parties proposed to carry the :
mails semi-monthly from New York to San Fran- \
cisco, via Nicaragua, for §250,000 per annum, the :
limit given to the Postmaster General in this bill to j
pay for monthly service. Eight years ago, Con- j
gress authorized the monthly service from Pana- 1
ma to Astoria to be changed to semi-monthly, to j
correspond with the service on this side of the \
Isthmus, provided it could be done at one fourth ;
less than the then contract price, and the contract- j
ors promptly accepted those terms. The Govern- '■
ment now pays the Panama railroad (only fifty j
miles in length) $100,000 for carrying our mails ^
semi-monthly. One tenth of that sum would be i
ample compensation for monthly service. >
I assume that if Congress directs the Postmas- <
ter General to make these contracts, no interfer- i
ence in the execution of the law in crossing1 the :
Isthmus at the points named will be tolerated by
this Government. By treaties we have the right, ;j
and by policy are committed, to keep these routes ,■
open, and will be disgraced in the eyes of all civ- )
ihzed nations if we permit the weak and distracted j
Governments that claim jurisdiction, or either
of them, to disturb the transit of our mails. As to :
the mail to be conveyed via Vera Cruz there can I
be no difficulty in making an arrangement with 1
Mexico for its secure and uninterrupted transit.
We are compelled to carry the mails from New i]
Oilcans to Vera Cruz by ocean steamers, and the ,j
only additional service contemplated by this bill
is to connect that mail oveiland with the Pacific ,i
from Vera Cruz, via the City of Mexico, at Aca- |
pulco. But if we cannot make such an arrange- 'j
ment with Mexico, the bill requites the mails to ;|
be carried semi-monthly, uaT«>huantepcc,at the ij
same compensation as is now allowed. j;
The coimucta are to be made for five yenrs on I
each route. [ believe at the « xpiration of that j
time, the transit by the overland mail routes wiW
be so peifected, with such progress as I hope will 'j
be made in the Pacific railroad, and we will ccr- .
! tainly then have vaiious telegraph lines, that we !
will need no ocean lines to carry our mails to the
! Pacific coast. These loutes will always continue
j as commercial lines, and will be used to carry the
[ mails from the United States to the counting they '
traverse; but they will not he used to transport
| mail:* to the Pacific States of the Union. I pto- !
pose to use them now merely as auxiliaries to the ;
great overland fnsnsit, which should be aided by ,
the whole power of tiie Government. They are
also important emigrant routes, and will thus in- ;j
ciease the population of the Pacific States, and t\
break up the monopoly of one route, that hay for ,
years been such just cause of complaint.
The consolidating the passengers from Aca-
puleo north, and San Francisco south, to that ;
point, would not endanger their health. Neatly ;
the whole distance is cool and ph.asy.nt. The
danger on all the routes south of Acapulco, and ■'
through this region, this hill wisely distributes ■
between four lines of steamers, instead of confm- ;
ing them to two; and those to New Orleans do not
enter these equatonal regions, so deleterious to ;
health, and wheie most of the fatal diseases h^vo '
prevailed among passengeis on the transit over ,
tiie Isthmus routes to and fiom California.
I mo\e that the bill be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Cilice and Post Itoaus, and that
it be printed. i
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL FEES. 1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, submitted the , ■
following resolution; which was considered, by
unanimous consent, and agreed to: ''
U.'yj!) cc\ That15o much of the repoi t of the Soeieiarv of ■
tli" iis rekili'-; to Uie cotnpi'n^iliou of tl>f> Tinted 1
, ;'tat>'- ('Knot attorney-*, mai^hai-. and eir;ks of UN* courts i
bo lefv ic i to Ui3 Coinmmee on u«e J'iihciar\ ; and that ;]
. said couihiiltee iepuit hy !>:il oi uiheuvi-e. j,
THE GUAHO TRADE.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcioliied, That the Profciriont he requested to communi-
cate, il in lus opinion U be not incompatible wuh the public
interest, any eorievpomhwe with the Government of Peiu.
or its agents, on tiie subject of trade in guano; and all in-
formation which may tend to explain the mannei in which
said trade is leguiated ; and whether such regulations have
not the effect unduly to enhance the puce of guano to the
consumer, or to depuve vessel* navigating under the flag of
the United Scales of the fair and equal competition witlv
those of other nation®, guarantied by the treaty with Peru
of the 39th of July, 1853; and, if so, whether any and what
regulations is expedient to counteract the effect of such reg-
ulations.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, one of its clerks, announced
that the House had passed the following- bills; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested :
A bill (No. 662) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the Uni-
ted States, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1860; and
A bill (No. 663) making: appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, these bills were
read twice hy their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
BILLS BECOME LAWS*
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of thcUnited States had approved ctnd signed
on the 21st of December, an act for the relief of
Roswell Minard, father of Theodore Minard, de-
ceased; and on the 22d of December, an act to con-
firm the land claim of certain pueblos and towns
in the Territory of New Mexico.
GOVERNMENTAL EXPENDITURES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I submit the
following; resolution, and ask for its consideration
at the piescnt time:
iteiolverf, That so much of the President's sceond annual
message arf relate-, to a reduction of the expenditure-? of the
Government ot the United States, which is ui the following
woids, to wit: 3 invjte Oonyro^s to institute a rigid scru-
tiny to ,i-certani whether the expense* in all the Depait-
nieot-! cannot lie ^till tinther reduced; and I promise them
all thf aid in mypowerui pui-uing tiie investigation," be
l Honed to the C'omumtee on Finance, and that >aid com-
mittee aic hi reby in -truetod, after fir<t comerrtriii with, and
obtaining nil <• aid'* and mloimutton irom the Pi evident and
huuh ot the Depaitinet't*. a> indicated m the I'lendeut'a
me^-dtre, to repmt a b.M ix-foinuns, tar as po«-ibl< , sill
aSo-i^ in t lie application oft In1 appiopnatioin made bv Con-
}.iest. tor the support of the vanon^ Depaitmont-. and which
\vi!! iciiijce Mie oxpondniuos to an honest, nynl, economi-
cal adinniiHKitiO'i of the Giiveimnent,
Mi. HUNTER. I should like to have that res-
olution lie over until to-morrow. I see that it in-
structs th<> committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator will make no objection to the resolution.
It is merely directed to the committee, and in-
structs them, after obtaining the information, to
do what the President himself says can be dune,
it seems to me this is a very auspicious time for
such a movement.
Mi. HUNTER. I should like to hear it read
again. Perhaps 1 may agree to it. 1 did not
catch it all.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER.. 1 wish to make a suggestion
to my friend from Tennessee. His object is one
m which I entirely concur, but he has probably
named the wrongcommittee. Itis the function of
the Finance Committee to carry out what existing
laws requin.. it is thetefoic the duty of the
Finance Committee, if too much is appropriated
to carry out any existing law, to reduce it to that;
but all changes of the hiws under which expend-
itures are had m the various Departments should
proceed regnlailv from the committees which are
iaiscd in reference to these Departments. Now,
I think this would be a capital proposition if it
were divided into about five resolutions, one di-
rected to the Military Committee, one to the Naval
Committee, one to the Post Office Committee, and
soon. Each committee, by this division of labor,
mi^ht unite m the effort, and wc might probably
ha\c something done; but if the whole matter is
referred to the Committee on Finance, 1 am afraid
that with their other occupations, they will hardly
be able to do justice to the subject. I believe
