1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the House, and there we can have a vote which
will tell on the Journal, and show who it is that
want to put the bill in a shape that will defeat it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire that it shall
be agreed to; for I want to get in that tariff bill
of mine.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Bonham's amend-
ment.
Mr. BONHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in as an additional
proviso:
Provided, That, if tlie revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment shall be insufficient to defray the appropriations made
in the first section of this act, the deficiency, if any there
be, at the expiration of each quarter of the fiscal year, shall
be. paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
This proviso is necessary, if we intend to sup-
port the present mail service of the country. The
committee has already sanctioned, in this bill, an
expenditure of $16,667,060 for the ensuing fiscal
year.* The Postmaster General reports, as the
probable revenue for the ensuing fiscal year, about
seven million four hundred thousand dollars,
leaving the residue to be supplied out of the Treas-
ury of the United States. The course hitherto
pursued, has been for Congress to make an ap-
propriation for the estimated deficiency in ad-
vance of the commencement of the fiscal year;
and then at the next session of Congress to sup-
ply such deficiency as might still exist. That ac-
counts for the second section of this bill. Con-
gress, at its last session, provided that, if the
revenues of the Post Office Department should be
.insufficient to meet the appropriations made by
that act, the Postmaster General might draw on
the Treasury for $3,500,000 more. That sum,
along with the revenues of the Department, was
still insufficient, and there was a deficiency of
nearly four million dollars. Inasmuch, therefore,
as the committee has sanctioned by this act an
appropriation of $12,000,000 for the transporta-
tion of the mails, and such other sums as I have
mentioned, I think it expedient, in order to avoid
a deficiency at the next session of Congress, that
we should provide that if, at the expiration of
each quarter, the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment prove insufficient to meet the expendi-
tures authorized by this act, the residue shall be
paid out of the Treasury of the United States.
By this means you restrict the expenditures to
the amount authorized in this bill—that is, to the
amount of $16,667,060. I prefer to have a spe-
cific sum named as a limit, because that sum has
been based on the estimates.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of thegentleman from Missouri, by striking
out all after the word " that," and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
Jind be it farther enacted, That, for the purpose of raising
revenue to meet tb« appropriations hernnbetoie made, the
 IVTor/^h 3 1ft"V7 mititlrtH. "All act
approved July 30th, 1846, entitled, " An act reducing the
duty on imports, and for other purposes," be, and the same
is hereby, revived, and put in full forcc.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I raise a ques-
tion of order on that amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri proposes
to provide means to meet the appropriations made
in this bill. Mine is an amendment for the same
purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. With all due respect to the
opinion of the Chair, I take an appeal from that
decision; and I desire to say a woid on that ap-
peal.
[Cries of" Order!" " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding to it the following:
Proudcd farther, Tlut, fium and after the 4tli day of July
next, the franking privilege shall cease to exist; and the
right to receive or send mail matter through the United
States mails, free of postage, shall be entirely abolished,
except that letters and packages upon Post Office business
exclusively shall be allowed to pass free through the mails
as now provided for by law : and that the eighteenth sec-
lion of the act to reduce the rates of postage, approved
March 3, 1845, shall be so construed as to prohibit the Post-
master General from making contracts for the transporta-
tion of mails with any view to the transportation of passen-
gers, and to restrict him in making such contracts lo the
acceptance of such bids only as shall provide for the con-
veyance of the mails.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I raise a question
of order on that amendment. I am in favor of
the proposition offered by the gentleman from In-
diana, but I submit that it is not in order as an
amendment to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided yes-
terday that this amendment was in order; but the
committee has to-day reversed the decision of the
Chair on the subject of amendments to this bill,
and the Chair is obliged to rule the amendment
out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have a word or
two to say in opposinon to the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri; and I desire especially
to call the attention of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] to the uncertainty of the
estimates of deficiencies. In the speech of the
gentleman from Virginia, purporting to have been
made on the 30th of June last, but written outand
printed some two weeks afterwards, he estimated
the expenditures of the Government, for the year
ending June 30, 1859, at $68,000,000, including
$3,500,000 for the Post Office. I see by the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, that the
estimated expenditures were $74,065,000, to which
is to be added this deficiency for the Post office of
$3,839,624, making $77,904,624, or $10,000,000
more than the gentleman estimated. And then
it must not be forgotten that, in the various ap-
propriation bills which have been passed, there
have been many items of deficiency; so that, in
my judgment, the expenditures for the current
fiscal year will reach $80,000,000. I made an es-
timate based on the existence of the Utah war, of
$92,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from Ohio is speak-
ing in opposition to my amendment. It seems to
me that his remarks are not confined to the sub-
ject-matter of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
great latitude has been permitted in the discus-
sion of all these amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I then endeavored to
show that my estimate of $92,000,000 was based
upon the continuance of the Utah war, for which
$8,000,000 were allowed, and also in which was
included an expenditure of $4,500,000 for the sup-
port of the three regiments authorized at the last
session of Congress to be raised. By an accident
in the fortunes of war, these items were saved;
and taking them from my estimate would reduce
the amount of appropriation required to the sum
of $80,000,000. We have the facts and figures
before us, from which the Secretary of the Treas-
ury now estimates that the amount of$78,000,000
will be required, showing conclusively that the
estimate which I made in May last was substan-
tially correct.
Mr. REILLY moved to strike 'out the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
Mr. KEITT demanded tellers upon the motion.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Jewett and
Thompson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 69.
So the committee refused to strike out the
enacting clause.
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Phelps, of Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 propose to mod-
ify my amendment, so as to make it an independ-
ent section, commencing, " Jlnd be it further
enacted."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend by
adding the following at the end of the bill:
S£c. —. .'?/<'? he itfui ther cnactad, That .$400,110 ) bo, and
the xaine i- heieliv, appropi laled to enable Tin; Postmaster
Geneial to order'service on the overland mail route from
St. Paul, Minnesota, to Seattle, on Puget Sound.
Mr. HUGHES. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. That will depend upon
whether there is a law-establishing a post route
from St. Paul to Seattle. '
Mr. BARKSDALE. There is no such law. :
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Theh I wiU modify my
amendment by striking out " St;- Paul" ana in-
serting " St. Anthony." ' There is such a route
from St. Anthony, and has been for several years;
Mr. McQXTEEN. • To Puget Sound ? -
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Yes, sir. How, Mr.
Chairman, we have heard a great deal to-clayabout
this middle route and southern route, and this
House has been pretty thoroughly " buttered"
over with Bttiterfield and his friends oti both sides
of the House. Now, sir, I ask for no sectional
favor. I never will vote for any question which is
simply sectional or simply partisan. You have
a route in the South; you nave what is called a
middle route from St. Louis; you have two routes
spanning this continent south of the parallel of
40° of latitude. You have one of those routes es-
tablished over a distance to San Francisco of two
thousand seven hundred and ninety-five miles:
The distance across the country from the head
waters of Lake Superior, forming; as it does, with
Huron, Michigan, and Erie, the great mediter-
ranean of this continent, to Puget Soured, is only
eighteen hundred miles. ' ' •
The gentleman from Missouri proposes to carry
the mail twice a week, from St. Louis to the Pa-
cific, in twenty-five days. We propose to carry
it from either St. Paul, Lake Superior, or St.
Anthony, in eighteen days; ay, sir, for two thirds
the sum paid to the Butterfield company. I am
for giving the South, by way of New Orleans, or
any portion of the Union, a mail route-to the Pa-
cific; I am willing to give to the center of this
nation a mail route to the Pacific; but, sir, I am
not willing that that great and growing country
north of the fortieth parallel of north latitude
should be entirely ignored. Congress has been
lavish in its generosity in affording the South
overland mail facilities, as the following figures
will show: - '
" South of latitude 40° the Federal Government now ex-
pends $2,230,698 annually for the transportation of the
mails to the Pacific coast, as follows :
Semi-monthly ocean service via Panama to California and
Oregon ,$738;250
Semi-monthly overland mail from San Antonio,
Texas, to San Diego, California ..
Semi-weekly oveiland mail from Memphis and
St. Louis, via El Paso, to San Francisco 
Weekly overland mail from St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, and thence to Placerville, California...
Monthly route from Kansas City, via Albuquer-
que and Tejon Pass, to Stockton . ..........
Semi monthly mail from New Orleans to Te-
liuantepec   2j0>"<)0
196,448
600,OOP
320,000
90,000
Add $30,000 for the Tohuantepec route, when
the contractors choose to carry mails to San
Francisco 
$2,194,683
5,000
Total $2,230,i
"The ocean service, by the Isthmus of Panama, starts
from Now Yoik and New Orleans, and communicates with
Oregon as well as California, and is not exclusively local
in lis chaincter. Deducting, therefore, the sum first above
stated, and also the payment on account of the Tehuan-
tepec route, (which would be an aggregate off1,024,25U,)
and it leaves a total annual expenditure for mail-service
over American territory between latitude 31° and 40°, of
$1,206.448, while the area between latitude 40° and 48 is
without any overland mail service whatever."
I ask, sir, and insist, that the Northwest be
recognized, and treated in a spirit of just liber-
ality, and that no distinction be made m the dis-
tribution of governmental aid, to any portion of
the country. There is a magnificent country ly-
ino- north and west of Minnesota, which, with all
due deference, I think a large majority of gentle-
men of this House know but little of—a terra in-
cognita to them, for the reason that Wieir atten-
tion has not been particularly called to that section.
It is vast in extent, with the undeveloped re-
sources of an empire; great lakes, navigable riv-
ers, a soil and climate unsurpassed for fertility
and health^ the future homo of an intelligent,
happy, and prosperous people; a territory out of
which groat States of this Confederacy will yet
be carved.
Sir, my time forbids me to speak of the .North-
west as it deserves; forbids me to enter into a
comparison of routes—to speak of the superiority
of the Minnesota and Puget Sou nd overland mail
route over all others. You have passed a law es-
tablishing this route, thereby recognizing its feas-
ibility; but have failed to malse appropriations to
