1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
put it in operation. The Postmaster General ad-
vertised a year ago to put service upon this route;
why, I say, should that service be now withheld ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
gentleman would state his understanding of the
reasons why service was not put upon this route.
I suppose the people of Minnesota would like to
know why they have been deprived of that mail
service.
Mr, CAVANAUGH. I do not know the rea-
son; I presume for the want of funds. If the gen-
tleman put the question for political effect, which
he evidently did, he has failed m his object. I
will say this for the PostmasterGeneral: that the
people of Minnesota and the Northwest have no
reason to complain. They have, on thecontrary,
every reason to thank that efficient officer. I have
never asked yet for anything, in my representa-
tive capacity, from the Postmaster Genera), and
which he had authority to do, that he has not
?ranted. My people understand these things,
f the gentleman knows the reason why the ser-
vice was not put upon this route, he can state it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I have a
pretty good idea.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Let us have the benefit
of your idea; or, if you know the reason, state it.
The Government pays for service on the route
discussed here to-day, $600,000 per annum; and
Congress insists that a semi-weekly service shall
be performed between the Mississippi river and
the Pacific ocean m twenty-five days to the trip.
The people of Minnesota offer, that for a less
sum they will do more efficient service, and in a
shorter time than can possibly be executed on any
other overland route now, or that may hereafter
be put in operation.
I know that gentlemen speak of the climate as
a drawback, as an objection. Allow me, sir, to
call the attention of these gentlemen to the reports
of our Army officers, and the agents of the Hud-
son 's Bay Company; to the history of the Selkirk
settlement, several hundred miles northwest of
St. Paul, and containinga population of ten thou-
sand souls; to the experience of trappers, and
the scientific investigations of English engineers
and explorers; and they will find that the facts
will not bear testimony to the prejudices of gen-
tlemen opposed to thin measure.
Give us the money to start this great enterprise;
clothe the Postmaster General with power to put
service on this route, by voting for tins appropri-
ation; and we of the Northwest will demonstrate,
not only the practicability, but the superiority of
the northern over all other routes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think we ought
first to get through with this bill.
Mr. HUGHES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goocn and
Hawkins were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G6, noes 71.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move to strike
out the enacting words of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the vote be
first taken on the amendment of the gentleman
from Minnesota.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania in order, until
the amendment is disposed oP
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I will vote
for it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let us first take
the vote on*the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Minnesota.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I do not think that a
motion to strike out the enacting words is a proper
way to kill any amendment.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to strike out the enacting words.
The question recurred on Mr. Cavanaugii's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. ANDREWS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. —• Jlndhcil fuithn enacted^ Tli;it the Postmaster
Genciui in->tniet>'d h> make the necessary examination
and inqun> , in cider to a^cerum whether any rc-s-poiiMble
express company will contract with that Depaitment to
perform its mail service, and convey the raaii matter over
the post routes of the (Jnited States, or over what routes
thereof, at a rate of postage not exceeding two cents each
for all letters not exceeding one half ounce, and at propor-
tionable rates corresponding with the graduation established
by the present law; and that he report the result of such
inquiry at the opening of the next session of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit that that
amendment is not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not,
and rules it out of order.
Mr. ANDREWS. It leaves a discretion with
the Postmaster Genera!, and helps him to carry
out the law and perform the business of his De-
partment with greater economy.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill, No. 872,
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1860, and had instructed him to report the
same back to the House, with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to recom-
mit the hill; and call the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the previous ques-
tion is seconded, I want to know whether the
gentleman from Missouri intends to press this bill
to a vote this evening? I have no objection to
his doing so; but if he does, I wish to move for
a call of the House.
Mr. PlIELPS, of Missouri. I do not.
Mr. GROW. As there is so much time left for
the transaction of the public business, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
PRINTING TESTIMONY.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask leave of the House to
have printed, for the use of the House, the testi-
mony taken by the select committee organized
last Friday. The report will be made to-morrow
morning.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion to adjourn,
that I may ask leave of the House to introduce a
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON and other members objected.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. Grow, (at seven
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Fclnuarij 2-1, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. T. H. Bocock, D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate u report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in obedience to law, the reports, with
maps, upon the several wagon loads constructed 1
undei the direction of that Department; which, on i
motion of Mr. Gwix, was ordered to he on the j
table; and a motion by him to print it was referred |
to the Committee on Punting. j
lie also laid before the Senate a report of the i
Secietary of the Navy, communicating, in com- j
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, inform-
ation in ielation to the lease of the dry-dock at
Mare Island, California, on the 4th of August,
1850, and the claims of lessees to compensation \
for losses sustained under it; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The lull (H. It. No. 92) to amend the act en-
titled "An act m addition to certain acts granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the 1
United States," approved May 14,1856, was read !
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee j
on Public Lands. j
PETITIONS. !
Mr TRUMBULL presented a petition of offi- j
cers of the Illinois militia, praying the enactment }
of a law for furnishing the militia of the United j
States with a larger supply and greater variety of !
military stores; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
branch mint or assay office at-St. Louis, Mis-
souri; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio, praying the enactment of a law
to secure the public domain to actual settlers free
of cost; which was ordered to he on the table.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That J. Vmeent Browne have leave to with-
draw ins petition and papers..
EXPLANATION.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to state that I was ac-
cidentally absent last evening when the vote was
taken on the amendment offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] in relation to
Kansas to the legislative appropriation bill. If I
had been present, I should certainly have voted
against the amendment, and for the final passage
of the bill.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas Ewing, jr., and others, residents of Kan-
sas, and the petition of F. Ferguson and others,
praying for a grant of land to Kansas and Ne-
braska Territories, for railroad purposes, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas S. Sprague,
praying compensation for investigating depreda-
tions on the public lands in Michigan, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wore referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Michigan, asking for land for an asylum for the *
insane and the deaf and dumb and blind; a peti-
tion of citizens of Michigan, asking for lanu for
a wagon road from Saginaw to Cheboygan; and
a petition of citizens of Wilton, Minnesota, ask-
ing for land for the Wilton Seminary of Learn-
ing, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial ofWilliam McLelland
and others, reported a bill (S. No. 601) to legal-
ize certain informal entries of town sites in the
Territory of Nebraska; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John B. Bonnet, re-
ported a bill (S. No. G02) for the relief of John B.
Rennet; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refined the bill (S. No. 573) authorizing: the
entry of land, under certain circumstances, by
mail contractors, reported it without amendment.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the biil (II. R. No. 450) for the re-
lief of the heirs or legal representatives of Fran-
cois Guillory, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were refened the following bills, reported them
severally without amendment, and that they
ought not to pass:
A bill (S. No. 494) to secure title to the set-
tle is upon the Kansas half-breed tract, and for
•other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 552) making a grant of land, in
alternate sections, to the Territory of Nebraska,
to aid in the construction of a railroad; and
A bill (H. R. No. 802) providing for satisfying
claims for bounty lands, and for other purposes.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Com me ice,
to whom was referred the memorial of Captain
Zadoc Pangburn, asking an appropriation to test
certain improvements in life-boats, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 589) for the further
improvement of the navigation of the Patapsco
river, and to render the port of Baltimore acces-
sible to the war-steamers of the United States,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of underwriters and
