1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
others, connected with the commerce of the
northwestern lakes, for an extension to the lakes
of the system of meteorological observation now
in use upon the ocean, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which wassgreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the "Holland Colo-
ny," for the improvementof Black Lake harbor,
Michigan, asked to be discharged from itsfurther
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 82) to '
allow a credit to certain disbursing officers therein
mentioned, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate of the
10th of February, and the, papers submitted there-
with, in relation tp the light-houses at Detour,
Whitefish Point, and Manitou Island, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom wai? referred the resolution of the Sen-
ate to print the report of the Board of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution,re ported the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number of the report of the Board of Regents for the Smith-
sonian Institute tor the year 1858, five thousand copies for
the use ofthe Smithsonian Institution: Provided, That the
aggregate number of pages contained in said report shall
not exceed four hundred pages, without wood cuts or plates,
except those furnished by the Institution.
REGISTERS TO SCHOONERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Blood, Bond & Piatt, have directed me to report
a bill (S No. 600) authorizing the issue of regis-
ters to the schooners " Helen Blood "and " Sarah
Bond." I ask that the bill be put on its passage.
The vessels are waiting for the registers to be
granted.
The bill was read twice by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue registers for the schooners
Helen Blood and Sarah Bond, now lying in the
port of Oswego, on its being proved to his satis-
faction that these vessels are wholly owned by
citizens of the United States, or by an incorpo-
rated company entitled to receive registers under
existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following emolled bills
and joint resolution; and they were signed by
the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 554) to incorporate the Wash-
ington National Monument Society;
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 83) for the relief of
William H. Russell;
A bill (J3- R. No. 221) for the relief of Mary
Bainbridge;
A bill (H. R. No. 551) to protect the land fund
for school purposes, in Sarpy county, Nebraska
Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 804) to authorize settlers on
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections, who settled
before the surveys of the public lands, to preempt
their settlements; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) for the relief
of Michael Pappreniza.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States approved and signed,
the 23d instant, the following acts:
An act for the benefit of the captors of the
British brig Caledonia, in the war of 1812;
An act to authorize the claimants in right of
John Huertas to enter certain lands m Florida;
An act for the relief of Leonard Loomis;
An act for the relief of John F. Cannon;
An act for the relief of Samuel A. Fairchild;
An act granting an invalid pension to John
Lee, ofthe State of Maine;
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Henry King, deceased;
An act for the relief of Francis Carver;
An act for the relief of Robinson Gammon;
An act for the relief of Frederick Smith; and
An act for the relief of David Watson.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FITCH. An emergency has occurred
which is very likely tp stop congressional printing
during the restof this session, unless it is promptly
met by the joint action of.the two Houses. Under
the'existing law, the Superintendent is required
to advertise annually sixty days for paper; and
if a contractor fails, although he can prosecute
the contractor for the failure, or for any addi-
tional expense incurred by procuring the paper,
he has no other means of procuring a supply for
the deficiency created fc?y this failure than by re-
advertising for sixty days under the law. He is
now out of paper, in consequence of the failure of
the contractor to supply paper of the quality con-
tracted for. If he adheres to the law, and adver-
tises for sixty days, it is manifest we can have no
more printing during .the session. To meet the
emergency, I am instructed by the. Committee on
Printing to report a joint resolution,and ask that
it be put on its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (S.
No. 83) in relation to the public printing was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Superintendent
of Public Printing to procure, in the open market,
such paper as may be necessary to execute with
proper facility the public printing, upon the fail-
ure of any contractor to furnish paper in proper
time and in sufficient quantity; but no more paper
is to be purchased under this authority than may
be necessary for the public service during the
period specified in the fourth section of the act of
August 2G, 1852, for advertising for proposals for
paper, and entering into new contracts.
Mr. FITCH. The limitation in the act of
1852 is sixty days. This resolution only author-
izes the Superintendent to purchase, in open mar-
ket, a sufficient supply of paper for the necessary
wants ofthe Government for sixty days.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM F. WAGNER.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up House bill (No. 443) for the
payment of a small sum to an ex-marshal of the
United States for Louisiana. There being no fund
in the Department applicable to these costs, the
Department has asked that the bill shall pass. 1
hope it will be done to-day.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to William
F. Wagner, late marshal of the United Slates for
the district of Louisiana, of §533 35, in full pay-
ment of his costs in the case of " the Uiyted States
vs. schooner Renaissance and cargo;" and also
$666 in full payment of his costs in the case of
" the United States vs. a lot of timber."
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the resolution
submitted by him yesterday, fixing eleven o'clock
as the daily hour of meeting of the Senate here-
after, was taken up and adopted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following report:
Tile committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. K. No.
664) making appiopriations lor tile current arid contingent
expenses ofthe Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1860, having met, after a full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend to their respective Houses as
follows: , ,
That the Senate agree to the House amendment to the
Senate's fourth amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: Add to the Senate's
amendment these words: Provided further. That for the
new reservations hereby authorised, no Indian agents, sub-
agents, overseers, or other officers, or employes, shall be
appointed or employed under this act.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as follows t Add to the Senate's
amendment these words : Provided, That the said reserva-
tion shall not exceed one hundred square miles in extent.
That the Senate agree to the House amendment of the
Senate's sixteenth amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
eighteenth amendment of the 3ep$te,.and agree iothe samp
with an amendment, asfollowa: Strike out fam ine word
" either," in the eighth line of said amendment, to the word
u Indians,"in the ninth 1me,H}cIusive,andinaerti," byln-
diana trespassing, an white men.-5' And strike out ali after
•the word ^act," in the fifteenth line ofsaid amendment, ,
That.the Senate recede from their.seQond, ejgftjq, yiiiith,
twelfth, ar\d nineteenth amendments. . . i
That the Hbuse recede ftona their disS^eerinCfiW to/ahd
concur iivthe following amendments oftbeSenate; fiftjj,
sialb, tenth, thirteenth, fi&eenth,and sev^nt^e«t|i. ,*
. 4AMES A. PEARCE,
W. K.! SEBASTIAlC, '
JOHNBEt/L,
Managers o  the part of the iSSnafa.
A. D. GREENWOOD,
S. A. SMITH, :
JUSTIN S3. MORRILL,
Managers op the part of the House of Representatives,
Mr. PEARCE. I will make a brief explanation
of the effect of this report. The second amend-
ment, from which the committee recommend that
the Senate recede, relates to certain Indian stocks,
held in trpst for certain Indians known as the
Chickasaw Incompetents. The amendment pro-
vides for the investment of an equal sum in stocks
ofthe United States, to be held in trust for those
Indians, in lieu of Indiana stocks. This has grown
out of some difficulty in the payment of the in-
terest; but it is understood that there will be no
further difficulty, and that the matter can easily
be arranged by the Department. It was therefore
thought proper to strike out the amendment,
which recommends the investment of an equal
sum.
The eighth amendment, from which the com-
mittee recommend that the Senate recede',1 relates
to the incidental expenses of the Indian service in
Utah. It was an appropriation of some fifty
thousand dollars, to supply deficiencies, and as
to these the House has very insufficient informa-
tion. We are not advised how the money which
.it is here proposed to appropriate as a deficiency,
has been applied by the agents, and the Depart-
ment itself, so far as we know', has not sufficient
evidence to satisfy us. It was therefore thought
better to abandon it.
The ninth amendment, from which the Senate
is recommended to recede, relates to an appropri-
ation, in addition to a former appropriation of
$20,000, for defraying the expenses of certain ex-
peditions against Ink-pa-du-tah's band, on the
frontier of Minnesota. Congress appropriated
$20,'000 last year, I believe, for this purpose, and
at this session were asked to appropriate some
five thousand dollars more for the same purpose.
We have not been furnished with any evidence
showing the expense incurred by those who made
this pursuit of Ink-pa-du-tah and his band. _ So
far as we can ascertain, these marauding Indians
were pursued by certain persons voluntarily as-
sembled. The &20,000 has not been distributed,
and the committee were disposed to think it was
adequate to pay all their proper expenses; or, if it
were not, it would be distributed pro rata.
The twelfth amendment, from which the Sen-
ate is recommended to recede, relates to the trans-
fer of the bureau of Indian Affairs to the War
Department—a very important amendment, and
not, perhaps, undesirable to the House of Repre-
sentatives under other circumstances; but they
had such strong objections to it at present, that
we thought it better to yield it.
The nineteenth amendment, from which it is
proposed that the Senate recede, relates to loca-
tions upon reservations and the management of
the tribal affairs of Indians. This amendment
gave certain powers to the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs which he has not heretofore pos-
sessed—to make arrangements for the tribes in
regard to the tribal affairs, the disposition of their
funds for education, and other purposes, so that
more or less might be applied to one purpose or
another, at his pleasure, with the approbation of
the President. That was thought unnecessary,
for a variety of reasons; and, more especially,
because another amendment provides that certain
regulations shall be drawn up by the Indian bu-
reau, and submitted to Congress for their approval
at the next session, which will cover the subject.
We recommend that the House agree to the
fifth and sixth amendments of the Senate, which
were to strike out the words, " and for the es-
tablishment of a reservation west of the Pecos
river," and to insert, in lieu thereof, " provided
no part of the same shall be used for the establish-
