1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
every other Senator here, I am in favor of re-
trenchment; I presume there is nobody who would
admit that he is not, and everybody I suppose is,
in point of fact. The only question, then, is, all
being in favor of it, what is the best mode, if any
can be adopted, to accomplish the purpose. Now,
I am very free to say, as has been said by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that if
the honorable mover of this resolution expects
anything to be accomplished at this session, he
will not send it to the Committee on Finance. I
sa.y so understandmgly, because I am perfectly
satisfied from my knowledge of its duties, that it
would be impossible in the very short period that
is left of this session, although we have the larg-
est portion of it left, for the Committee on Finance
to examine the various subjects that must come
before it in connection with this lesolution, and
at the same time to discharge properly its other
duties which it cannot possibly avoid. Why,
sir, there will be bat a few days before the ap-
propriation bills will he submitted to our charge;
and any one who has had the experience of that
committee, even for a single session, as I have
had, knows very well that when that labor be-
gins, it necessarily occupies all the time of the
committee until the close of thesession. It would,
therefore, in my judgment, be impossible for that
committee to investigate the subject so as to un-
derstand it, and make a report which would be
satisfactory to this body. Suppose, for instance,
that we undertake to investigate the subject of
retrenchment in the expenses of the Army. As
the chairman of the Committee on Finance has
observed, we are very imperfectly acquainted
with that matter, and when we take up, if we
should do so, that favorite branch of the service
—a favorite certainly in the view of the commit-
tee which has that service specially in charge in
this body—we should have to meet objections
from that committee, and probably contest every
inch of ground with it. So with regard to the
Navy; so with regard to the land system; so with
regard to every other feature of any report which
we might make in regard to retrenchment in the
various branches of the public service.
Now, then, I say to gentlemen,if they sincerely
desire that retrenchment shall be made; if they
believe that the President is sincerely in earnest
in this matter, and desire to carry out his views
as well as their own, they will take a course which
is calculated to produce the effect desired,and not
one which is calculated to thwart it. If the honor-
able mover will make a very slight change in his
resolution, all this matter can be accomplished, if
anything is to be done, and if there is a sincere de-
sire to accomplish it. Just submit, in his resolu-
tion, to the Committee on Naval Affairs the in-
vestigation of the matter how far the expenses of
the Navy can be reduced. So of the Army; so
of the Treasury; so of the Post Office Department.
The committees to which these subjects appro-
priately belong are competent to do it. They
have time, certainly, much more time to do a por-
tion of the labor, than the Committee on Finance
has to do the whole of it.
I suppose the Committee 011 Finance should
have charge of that portion of it relating to the
Treasury. It would be as much as they could do
to take charge of that subject and report on it. I
am glad the^matter has been introduced. I am
willing to discharge my share of the labor; more
than my share, if desired; but I wish to see this
business seriously undertaken in a manner that
shall bid fair to produce some practical result; but
it cannot be by burdening one committee, which
has matters of so much importance as we have
before us, with the whole of this duty, and expect
v.s to make a report that will be satisfactory in any
portion of the Senate, or which will be an under-
standing report in its character. I trust, there-
fore, that the honorable mover will modify his
resolution m some particulars, so as to give a fair
opportunity, a reasonable chance to accomplish
something. . .
I agree with the Senator from Virginia, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that if
we go on increasing our expenditures they will
soon be beyond the power of the present revenue
system to meet them. They are far beyond it
now. I believe that no reduction which will meet
the. reasonable wants of the Treasury at the pres-
ent time, the reasonable expenditures of the Gov-
ernment can be brought within any amount of
revenue that can be raised by the tariff as it stands
at present. On that I-may differ with the chair-
man; but, at any rate, it is very easy to look into
this matter if we desire to do so, and in order to
accomplish it in the few days left to us, we must
necessarily divide the labor. I stand like all other
Senators here, unwilling to appear in any degree
to oppose the slightest obstacle to that investiga-
tion. I am anxious for the investigation; but, sir,
I am anxious that the reform, when it begins, or
an attempt at it, should begin in such a manner
as to show that we are serious in relation to the
matter—not by preaching reform eternally, as has
been done in Presidents' messages and other doc-
uments which are sent to us, without the first
movement or the first idea suggested with the
view properly, in any manner, to carry out the
i reform which is recommended. The President
has control of the Departments; his officers in the
! Departments know where a reform can be made,
if any is necessary. Why do not they suggest
j it to us? Why do not they point to the particu-
; lar places to which we are to go in order to find
| out what is wrong in the finances of the Govern-
! ment? We hearnothingbutgeneralrecommend-
ations;and now, if you are to heap everything in
relation to this matter on one committee at this
period of this short session, I tell you there is
not the remotest possibility that anything can be
accomplished. I trust, therefore, that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, if he is, as I know he is,
sincerely desirous to reform the expenditures of
this Government, will take a course that may be
likely to produce some effect.
Mr. BIGLER. I concur, Mr. President, most
heartily, with the views presented by the Sena-
tors from Virginia and Maine. I think that this
subject ought to be referred to the several com-
mittees having charge of the various Departments
of the public service. The reasons for this opin-
ion,to my mind, are very clear. The inquiry will
not be one as to the amount of money expended
alone; but it will cover, necessarily, the whole gov-
ernmental policy with reference to the branches
of the public service which the respective com-
mittees may represent. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads are already considering
the subject. They have felt required, on the sug-
gestion of the President and Postmaster General,
to look into this question; and I can see at once
why that inquiry would be very difficult for the
Committee on Finance. It will cover the whole
question of mail service. It leads into the ques-
tion of how far the present service may be dis-
pensed with; whether we have not more routes
than are necessary; whether the compensation be
not more than is required > It will cover every
consideration connected with our postal scrvice.
I do not see that the committee that prepares the
appropriations, can, more especially than any
other, inquire into the question of economy. The
same may be said of the Committee 011 Naval Af-
fairs. Their inquiries will cover the whole ques-
tion of the efficiency of that branch of the public
service. I think the reason suggested by the Sen-
ator from Maine, that the action and opinion of
the Finance Committee would always be disputed
by the committee properly representing the busi-
ness, is conclusive. The Committee on Naval
Affairs will judge whether it is wise or unwise to
reduce the naval expenditures; whether any part
of the service can be dispensed with; whether it
is wise to increase or diminish the Navy; and
upon these inquiries will depend the propriety of
the reduction of expenses. The same remark
will apply to the Army, the other branch of the
public defense; and, after the Committee on Fi-
nance shall have done its best—and we all know
that the Senator from Virginia would devote him-
self to the subject with "untiring vigilance—he
would find the whole of his efforts defeated by a
difference amongst those committees.
I agree heartily with the Senator from Tennes-
see, and I am glad lie has introduced the resolu-
tion; but, sir, if we are to have practical fruits
from his efforts, let the subject either go to a select
, committee, or let it be divided into the several
classes and referred to the various appropriate
1 committees. I hope the Senator from Tennessee
will yield to the reasoning of the Senator from
Virginia. I know he will do so the moment he
1 is convinced that that policy is best to attain the
1 object which he has 111 view.
j 'i should not have said a woid on this question;
but I felt its importance, and I thought, too, the
whole effort would be lost if the policy insisted
on by the Senator from Tennessee should be
adopted. I hope the resolution will either lie over
or be changed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator from Ten-
nessee will adhere to his resolution as it stands.
It is the only practical form in which it can be
put. I know that this investigation may be trou-
blesome and irksome to the Finance Committee,
but not more so than the general duties with which
they are charged. If they have too much to do,
they ought to be relieved. They have by custom,
and I believe I may say by the order of the Senate,
drawn to themselves thegenejal consideration of
all Departments of the Government. They pass
judgment on every expenditure, down to a single
dollar. The appropriation bills are all referred
to them, and they pass upon every one of them.
It is true, the committees who are charged with
the consideration of the great arms of the public
defense, and other brandies of the public service,
suggest amendments, generally enlargements of
the appropriations for that particular service. It
seems to be the rule in this body, and I believe it
is in the other House, so far as my experience
and observation have gone, that every committee
seems to think it its duty to obtain an enlargement
of the appropriations for the particular branch of
the public service committed to its care; to get as
much money as possible for that: and this great
scramble has carried our expenditures in ten or
twelve years from $40,000,000 to §75,000,000. It
is unnecessary to send this subject to each several
committee, because they are already charged with
it. It is their duty now, under the general rules
of the Senate, to take into consideration every-
thing connected with that branch of the public
service confided to them; to propose a correction
of abuses; to diminish the service, if necessary
to make it efficient; to put it in the best condition
compatible with the public interest. We find that
under the present system we have gone on in-
creasing and increasing, until the whole Senate
says our expenses must be diminished. You
might just as well send the lamb to the wolf for
safety, as to send this subject to the various*com-
mittees; for that is exactly the source of our evil.
They have done this wrong, or have been unable
to prevent the doing of it—one or the other. They
have had charge of these great branches of the
publicservice,and the expenditures for them have
gone on increasing until a clamor has been created
from without; and I am very glad it is beginning
to be felt from within.
I think, then, this investigation should be con-
fided either to a special committee or to the Com-
mittee on Finance; and it belongs peculiarly to the
Committee on Finance, because they must have
already this information before them; they must
know pretty nearly what the revenue will be, and
it is proper that they should adjust the public ser-
vice to the revenue. We have but two or three
options left to us now: we must either reduce the.
public expenses to the revenue, which we all
know is deficient at the present rate of expend-
iture; or we must raise the revenue; or we must
borrow money. Everybody seems to go against
borrowing, though I think there is more merit in
that mode of relief, if it is shown to be for a tem-
porary deficiency of revenue, than is accoided to it
either by the Executive Government or its oppo-
nents 011 this floor. I am not yet satisfied my-
self that that would not be the wisest course; and
I certainly think it would be if it should turn out
on investigation that the existing deficiency is
temporary, not permanent. Of course loans are
vicious when made for the purpose of supplying
a permanent deficiency; but if the deficiency is
temporary, a loan is the wisest way of raising rev-
enue to meet it—much wiser than to disturb a
great system of revenue and vary it for partial
causes.
The Committee on Finance of this body, and
the Committee of Ways and Means in the other
House, have drawn to themselves, by the custom,
if not by the order, of the two bodies, the super-
vision of the entire expenditures of the Govern-
ment, and they are the proper committees to pro-
pose a reduction. It is their duty to do it. They
ought to doit without a speeial resolution. Those
committees are chargeable with the great body of
the expenditures of the Government; but, instead
of looking into these matters themselves, a system
