1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ment of the reserve west of the Pecos river."
This does not alter the effect of our amendment
materially.
We propose that the House recede from their
disagreement to the tenth amendment, which is
for carrying into effect the law of March, 1855,
in reference to the Cherokee Indians. That is an
amendment which was submitted by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] and
which, I presume, the Senate have heard so much'
about that they want to hear no more. The thir-
teenth and fifteenth amendments, from their disa-
greement to which the House are recommended to
recede, are the two amendments in relation to the
Pimas and Maricopa Indians. There is another
amendment in relation to them which is agreed
to with an amendment; that I shall reach pres-
ently. The seventeenth is a provision for pre-
paring rules and regulations for the government
of the Indian service. The House recede from
their disagreement to this amendment.
It is also proposed that the Senate agree to the
House amendment to the fourth amendment of
the Senate, which provided that an investment
should be made in stocks of the United States to
the amount of the investments now held in stocks
of Indiana, for the Pottawatomies. The same
reason applies to that as to the amendment which
I first mentioned. The amendment of the House
to the sixteenth amendmentof the Senate is merely
veibal, to insert the words, " the treaty of," to
make the section complete.
The House recede from their disagreement to
certain amendments, and agree to them with
amendments. Among these is the seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, which authorizes an increase
of the number of Indian reservations in Califor-
nia, and limits the amount of land which shall be
included in the old and the new reservations, and
the amount now authorized in the old reserva-
tions. The effect is to have more reservations of
a smaller amount. The amendment which the
committee recommend provides that, " for the
new reservations hereby authorized, no Indian
agents, sub-agents, overseers, or other officers or
employes, shall be appointed or employed under
this act." We undenstand that there were agreat
many such employes now in the service of the
Government on the old reservations, and that, in
fact, neither agents, nor sub-agents, noranybody
else, to manage them, would be necessary; and,
therefoie, we provided that none should be em-
ployed or appointed.
'1 he fourteenth amendment relates to setting
apart a tract of land for the Pimas and Maricopa
Indians, on tin; Gila river. The amendment pro-
posed to it by the committee simply provides that
the reservations shall not exceed one hundred
square miles in extent. We understand their
country is about fifteen miles in length, and some
five nules in width; and, allowing for the sinuos-
ities of the river, wusupposed one hundred square
miles would coverall the land they now occupy.
The eighteenth is rather an important amend-
ment. It relates to the intercourse act of 1834,
and the provisions of that act indemnifying whites
who .suffer damage at thu hands of the Indians.
The law as now existing provides that those in-
demnities shall be fiist obtained from the annui-
ties due the Indians; hut if there are no such an-
nuities, then from the Tieasury. The Senate
amendment struck out that provision giving in-
demnity ftom the Treasury. We propose to
amend the amendment by striking out the words,
*' either by the Indians or by white men trespass-
ing on the Indians," and inserting, " by Indians
trespassing on white men." If the law be so
ami nded, the effect will be to leave the sixteenth
section of the act, of 1834, which relates to tres-
passes of white men on the Indians, as it now
stands. We propose also to strike out the second
proviso, which is in these words:
uJind provided further * Thar the President of the United
States may at In* di-cretion indemnity the Indians out of
the Tit-a-ury tor In^es, tn case-, described in said act, and
required to be paid out of the Treasury."
By striking; out this provision of the Senate's
amendment, we leave the sixteenth section of the
law of 1834 to stand as it always lias been, and
we deny the power of the President to allow in-
demm:y to Indians in all cases which he may
appiove. That was supposed to be entirely un-
necessary, as the provisions of the existing law
answer tha purpose*
I hope these explanations are understood by
those who take an interest in them, and that the
Senate will concur in the report of the committee.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know if this
report cannot be printed, so that we can know
what we are about. I, for one, intend to vote
against all these propositions of committees of
conference unless I know precisely what is pro-
posed. The whole legislation of Congress has
passed, substantially, into the hands of commit-
tees of conference, and measures are passed that
we know nothing about until after the volume of
laws is printed. I want some new system
adopted, so thatwecan know exactly the changes
that are proposed by the reports of the commit-
tees of conference. I wish to see this report in
print; and if it is not in a condition to be printed,
so that we can know and understand it, I shall
content myself simply with voting against the
proposition.
The report was concurred in.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. YULEE. I move to postpone all the
prior orders, and take up the bill (H.R. No.874)
to establish certain post routes.
Mr. STUART. I want to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Florida to allow me to pass a House
bill of a public charactcr that he is as much inter-
ested in as any one can be.
Mr. YULEE. I must ask the Senator to ex-
cuse me. If I should yield to him, I must yield
to others. I move now that House bill No. 874
be taken up.
Mr. HALE. Before I vote on that motion, I
wish to inquire whether the bill is printed?
Mr. YULEE. The bill is printed, but not the
amendments.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Florida, to allow me to call up a bill
that I think will meet with almost the unanimous
concurrence of the Senate. It is the case ofHayne
M. Salomon, known to all.
Mr. YULEE. I do not feel at liberty to yield.
Mr. SHIELDS. I merely ask permission to
call up the bill, and if it leads to discussion, I
shall agree to lay it down immediately.
Mr. STUART. I wish to say in regard to the
motion to take up this bill, that I think the Senate
would do better if they would have these amend-
ments printed. The idea of informing the Senate
upon the amendments by merely reading them
from the desk, is impossible. The report of the
committee, with their amendments, ought to be
printed, and I am, therefore, against taking up
and considering it at this time, and in this way.
1 have no objection to an order being made to
print the amendments, so that we may all look at
thqm. Then it will take no time to read them
when the bill is taken up. Itis unusual tooccupy
the time of either House in simply reading the
list of post4routes. Nobody objects to them; no-
body has any interest in them, and it is a con-
sumption of the time of the Senate unnecessarily.
Mr. YULEE. It would be altogether unpre-
cedented that we should print the amendments to
the post route bill; I mean those amendments
which relate to the establishment of routes. That
lias never been done in the Senate. They have
always been acted on in manuscript, and the
practice of the Senate and of the Senate commit-
tee, tn reference to this bill, renders the printing
unnecessary. The amendments are kept in the
committee-room during all the time the bill is
pending in the Senate, open to the inspection of
all gentlemen, who are generally invited to ex-
amine them, and who add to them whatever
routes they please. The practice has been to
allow such amendments ad Libitum.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 want to ask the Senator a
question. I desire him to inform the Senate
whether he proposes to add any amendments to
this bill save those which establish post routes?
Mr. YULEE. I do. I will state, however,
that the only amendments I propose to offer,
which are not printed, are those creating routes.
All the other amendments, which I am instructed
by the committee to propose to this bill, have been
long since printed and placed upon the tables of
Senators, so that they will not be taken by sur-
prise by the subject-matter of any amendment
which we shall offer.
Mr. HAMLIN- I desire, then, to ask the Sen-
ator, if he proposes to add to this bill a section
which will change or increase the rates of post-
age ?
Mr. YULEE. That will be answered when the
amendments are offered. The Senate will then
learn the subject-matter of them.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator may in-
form me, because- 
Mr. YULEE. I will say, in all frankness, that
I do intend to propose, as an amendment, the
postal reform bill*, and that, on consultation with
gentlemen of the other House, I understand that
to be the best mode of placing the subject of re-
form before the House; and, since I am forced to
announce to the Senate my purpose, I will state,
that if gentlemen take an interest in the establish-
ment of new routes, it will be indispensable that
they consider the subject of reform in the Post
Office Department. We cannot go on adding to
the expenditures of the Department, unless we
look to the improvement of its revenues; and itis
as well to consider the subject now, and upon
this bill, as upon any other, for it must come
before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motipn of the Senator from Florida to take
up the post route bill.
Mr. YULEE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. Before the yeas and nays are
taken, I will state that it is the expectation of the
Department that the reforms proposed now, and
which I think I shall be able to show to the Sen-
ate, are all of them reasonable, certainly most of
them, will make a difference in the financial con-
dition of the Department for the next year, of
$6,500,000. My own estimate falls considerably
short of that. 1 shall be satisfied if we improve its
condition to the extent of$4,000,000; but certainly,
in view of the probability that even ยง4,000,000
may be saved to the Treasury, it is deserving the
consideration ofthe Senate,and especially of those
gentlemen who have been so clamorous for reform
in the expenditures of the Government and for
retrenchment, to take up, at least for considera-
tion, a means by which that much of retrenchment
may he effected in a practical way at this session.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would vote very cheerfully
to take up the post route bill and vote for it, and
vote for such post routes as are requisite and ne-
cessary for the accommodation of the people of
the several States; but I will not vote to take up
the post route bill now, or at any time during this
session, nor at any other session, when the Sen-
ator gives notice in advance that he is going to
make it an omnibus bill to ride in matters to which
I object. This is a bill to which nobody objects;
it is a bill which the wants of the country require,
but I am not going to vote to take it up when he
informs us that he is going to make the necessi-
ties of that bill carry through a measure which,
in my judgment, ought not to prevail. I will do
more; I will discuss these matters with the Sen-
ator, or I will vote upon them; for I do not trou-
ble the Senate much with discussing anything. I
will vote to take up all his propositions as separate
measures, and to act upon them; but I will not
vote to put them on this route bill, which has no
earthly connection with them.
Mr. YULEE. I will say in reply, simply,that
the reason of our offering these amendments to
this hill is, that it is not, in the opinion of the
committee, expedient or politic to add to the
charge of the Department, unless we also relieve
its burdens by adding to its revenue; and, in order
that no gentleman may be deterred from voting
to take up this bill by reason of the character
of the amendments which I have frankly an-
nounced my purpose to offer to the bill, I think
it proper to say that it is by no means an un-
precedented course. Most of the large reforms
in the Post Office Department have been carried
by amendment on the post route bill; and if gen-
tlemen will take the trouble to refer to the bills
establishing post routes for the last five, or six,
or eight, or ten years, they will find that very
few have been passed which have not carried upon
them general reforms in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I am not disposed to be placed
i in a false position upon this question. So far as
necessary reform in the Post Office Department,
or in any other branch of this Government, goes,
I am as anxious for it as the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, or anybody eise>can
