208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4.
has grown up in both branches, of late years, un-
der which these committees consider themselves
mere recorders of the demands of the executive
officers of the Government; and not merely the
chiefs of bureaus, who generally know as little
about such matters as those who pass on them
ho re; but even the subordinates in the various
offices make their estimates, and the Senate and
House of Representatives seem to be power-
less to arrest them. Indeed, they can get a puff
in a newspaper for jthe great facility and rapidity
with which they press the various appropriation
bills through Congress. This is very easily done
by taking the Government estimates. It requires
neither learning, nor genius, nor patriotism. It
only requires subserviency. It has come to this,
that the appropriation bills come tojis from the
Departments printed, and they are put through
our committees. Now and then, some outsiders
like myself attempt to call attention to some great
outrage, some unnecessary extravagance; and we
pitch off a little here and a little there; but the
great volume rolls on, strengthening and enlarg-
ing with every inch it travels. It is said now it
ought to be stopped. Arc wc capablc of stopping
it? You say you want time. You have plenty
of time to appropriate eighty or a hundred mil-
lion dollars, and I should suppose you had time
enough to save twenty millions. Although you
have but sixty days left, you are going to appro-
priate eighty or ninety millions. You have just
as much time to appropriate it intelligently, as
you have to appropriate it lavishly and igno-
rantly, unless you are determined to ignore your
public duties. The time it takes to pass an ex-
travagant appropriation bill is time enough to
pass an economical and just one. Though there
be but a day or an hour left, if it is too short a
time to pass a good bill, it is too short to pass a
bad one; and let them all fail. If the Legislature
is incapable of doing its duties well, let it not do
them at all.
I hope this resolution will go to the Committee
on Finance. It is properly their duty to attend
to this matter. It is the duty of the other com-
mittees to attend to it in the particular branches
committed to their care; but they have not done
it, and the consequence is a great increase in ex-
penditure. 1 make no charges against any com-
mittee. I belong to some committees, and I know
that now and then a gentleman on one committee
will attempt to retrench a little here and a little
there; but the general fact which I state applies
to all the committees, as we all know; and every
department of the Government has gone on en-
laiging its expenditures until at last it has begun
to attiact public attention, and the Executive ap-
peals to us to do something in the work of re-
trenchment. While there is a general cry for
retrenchment, when any practical movement is
made, the answer always is that this is not the
right time, that is not the right place. I am afraid
we shall never iind a right time or a right place,
until the popular revolution becomes strong
enough to send here men who will do the public
business better than we have done it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it would
be very easy, I take it, for the Committee on
Finance to take the course buggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia; that is to say, to go
over the appropriation bills when they are present-
ed to us, and strike out a gross sum here, and a
gross sum there, and a gross sum in another place,
and reduce in one place and another. We can do
that; but the question after all is, whether we
should doit understandingly and properly? Now,
sir, I do not belong to that class of individuals
who suppose that this Government can be carried
on w i thou t the expenditui e ofa large sum of money
yeaiiy. From the extent of our territory, as well
as hom the number of our people, and more from
the extent of our territory than from the number
of our people, wc must necessarily he nt great
expense in carrying on this Government. Rut
the Committee on Finance, if I understand its
duties as imposed upon it by tiic rules, has to dis-
cover what existing iaws require,and to propose
the appropriations according to those laws. It is
not for us to say that this law shall not be carried
out for want of an appropriation, or that law not
be carried out for want of an appropriation. We
must discover what the laws require, and submit
to the Senate the appropriations necessary to exe-
cute them. That is our duty. We are not charged
with the duty of revising the laws making these
appropriations necessary, in any shape or form,
Wc may be of opinion in some cases that too
much is asked for, and then we do make reduc-
tions, and we have made them, or have tried to
make them, very often without success. Now,
sir, if you wish to reform the expenditures, and re-
trench the amount of money that it has taken to
carry on this Government, you rtiust begin in the
several departments. The Senator from Georgia
is always anxious for reform. Let him begin
upon the judiciary of the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have nothing to do with that
department. The Senate has discharged me from
that.
# Mr. FESSENDEN. I was mistaken. The
honorable Senator was formerly a member of the
Judiciary Committee; I thought he was now. I
will say he ought to have begun with the expenses
of the judiciary. They have been increasing,
from time to time, until they have got to be enor-
mous; and, I believe, have been increasing wrong-
fully and unnecessarily.
Mr. TOOBMS. No doubt of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why has notthatmatter
been looked at heretofore by gentlemen who were
desirous of making those retrenchments? So in
matters relating to commerce. There is room
enough there. I should like to know whether we
cannot make a retrenchment m the number of offi-
cers who are employed in the collection of the
revenue? whether we cannot strike down expend-
itures there as well as elsewhere? I believe we
can. We go on here from day to day passing
laws which call for expenditures increasing the
number of judicial districts, increasing salaries in
that particular department. We go on in the de-
partments relating to revenue, increasing the num-
ber of officers unnecessarily, increasing salaries,
too, creating this and that building—totally un-
necessary and uncalled for, in my judgment—to
gratify different sections of the country. These
are the places to begin; and those who begin
should have charge of those particular depart-
ments. Is there any difficulty in their doing it?
Mr. TOOMBS. They will not do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. 1 wish to
impose that duty on them. I wish to impose the
duty on each committpp having charge of the su-
pervision of each department, to look into that
with which they arc best acquainted, and not call
on the Committee on Finance to make an inves-
tigation, and then when we come in with a re-
port, if we ever get a chance to make one, have
gentlemen of different committees saying that we
aie totally mistaken; that we are ignorant of the
subjcct; that we are not acquainted with it; that
we do not know how much to ask for. No, sir;
it is simply because I desire, sincerely desire, that
the expenses of this Government should be re-
trenched, that I wish the duty propeily appor-
tioned among those gentlemen who arc bestquah-
fied to inform the Senate where reduction can
take place. That is my object; and I believe now,
as I stated before, that if gentlemen really expect
on rational grounds to have anything done at this
session, they will not impose this enormous bur-
den on the Finance Committee. They might have
an opportunity to look into some portion of it,
but it would be physically impossible for them to
do all the labor that would be required by this
examination.
Why, sir, it includes a review and a consider-
ation of all the branches of expenditures in all the
Departments of the Government. If we could de-
vote our whole time to it, between now and the
close of this session, it would be little enough for
the examination and for framing the laws neces-
sary to carry it out, for we cannot put it into the
appropriation bills. If wc bring in an appropria-
tion bill here—for instance, a bill appropriating
money for the service of the Navy—and append
to it provisions repealing this source of expendi-
ture, and that source of expenditure, we open a
fruitful subject of debate on every single bill that
we bring in with which retrenchmentisconnected.
Hut if we are to frame general bills in relation to
the whole, if you impose it on us, you will have
to demand of the committee to sit m the recess
and send for persons and papei s, and make an
examination and have a detailed report, and pre-
pare bills for the next session of Congress. I
have not the slightest idea that we can do any-
thing on a resolution so broad as this, at the
present session of Congress. I repeat, therefore,
that while I am indisposed, in any shape or form,
to stand in the way of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, but, like everybody £lse, wish to aid
him in every possible way that I can, I am- in
earnest about the matter, and wish something ac-
complished, that it should not be " sound and fury,
signifying nothing."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
I hope-the Committee on Finance will withdraw
their opposition to this resolution going to them
for consideration. It seems to be a proposition
that everybody is for; yet there can be no agree-
ment as to the proper disposition of the resolution.
The Committee on Finance—not speaking dispar-
agingly of the other committees—is an able, an
industrious, a working committee, and that com-
mittee is necessarily compelled to make all the
investigations that would be needed in order to
frame a bill or bills of the description mentioned
in the resolution. All the appropriations for the
Navy, all the appropriations for the Army, all
the appropriations for the civil department, all the
appropriations for the judiciary, have to pass un-
der the consideration of that committee. They,
of course, must determine as to the propriety or
impropriety of making the appropriations. They
then, in fact, are compelled to make the investi-
gation necessary to enable them to say how much
is necessary. Why should they make the investi-
gation without it being their duty to report a bill ?
We have most conclusive proof furnished to-day
of the propriety of sending it to that committee.
Just before its introduction we saw the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs re-
porting a bill increasing the expenditures of that
Department. That does not seem likely to be a
very appropriate committee at this time to bring
about a reduction of expenditures in that Depart-
ment. We see indicated, too, from the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, his cooperation in
this work of reduction; and he thinks it ought to
be commenced, and is willing to commence it, but
the greatest difficulty that seems to be in the way
is the labor it imposes on that committee. As I
before remarked, that committee, in fact, practi-
cally performs all the labor necessary to the ascer-
tainment of the correct information which should
be embodied in a bill of this description. If you
refer this subjcct to the various committees of the
Senate, the result will be no report and no reduc-
tion. I do not mean to cast any improperimpu-
tation on any of the committees; but when you
call upon the Committee on Military Affairs to
make a reduction in the expenditures of the War
Department, they are foitified with all the argu-
ments and reasons why those expenditures should
be kept up or increased. When you call on the
Naval Committee, it is the same thing; and so on
with all the committees having charge of particu-
lar departments. Hence the Committee on Finance
is the proper committee. It is their duty to su-
pervise and look into the appropriations for all the
departments, and see whether they are right or
wrong, and report accordingly. 1 hope the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance will withdraw
his opposition, and let the resolution go to his com-
mittee. Letthem commencc the work,and if they
cannot go through with it during this session, let
them report how far they have gone, and indicate
how much can be done. You will find, too, when
that committee commence the work, as I believe
they will commence it in good earnest, if the duty
is imposed upon them by a resolution, that war
will be made upon them in many instances from
other committees of this House. To my mind,
the conclusion is clear and strong that that is the
proper committee to commence this work of re-
trenchment.
But the Senator from Maine throws out a doubt,
in his remarks, as to the sincerity of the Presi-
dent in recommending retrenchment. I believe
the President is in earnest, and that he has made
the recommendation in good faith; but, if he is not
in earnest, let us put him to the test. He has
agreed to give aid to this committee, or any com-
mittee that Congress may institute, in prosecuting
their investigations in the various Departments,
and has recommeuded a reduction. Now, let us
test his sincerity; and 1 ask the Senator from
Maine to go with me, and put the President to the
test. I know, so far as I am concerned—and I say
it in no spirit of egotism—that my acts, my votes,
and my speeches in the Congress of the United
