1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
be. What I objected to before, what I object to
now, and what constitutes the reason for my vote
against this motion, is, that the Senator has here
a large number of amendments that have not been
printed, that must be read, that it will take from
half an hour to an hour to read, which is an un-
necessary consumption of the time of the Senate.
If he will have them printed, and agree to take
up his bill to-morrow, or any other day after they
are printed, so that we can save this time, I will
vote to take up the bill, and go with him for any
necessary reform, so far as my judgment will al-
low; but to take the subject up in this form, and
crowd out all other business—business thatis here
from the other House, and ought to be passed—
to insist on consuming the time of the Senate by
reading these papers that nobody objects to, and
nobodv takes any interest in, I shall not consent
to; and for that reason I shall vote against taking
up the bill now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Broderick, Brown,
Cameron, Cliesnut, Clay, Chrigman, Crittenden, Davis,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hunter, Iverson. Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Lane, Mason,
Pugii, Reid, Rice, Shields, Slidell, Smith, Toombs, Ward,
and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Har-
lan, King, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—19. *
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. YULEE. I presume it is unnecessary to
read all the amendments which relate to the es-
tablishment of post routes. If there are any gen-
tlemen who desire to add to the post routes for
their particular States, the amendments may be
proposed. It wili be a mere matter of form to
read those which have been reported.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to offer a slight-amend-
ment for my State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate that the pending amendments should
not be read ?
Mr. KING. I think the bill had better be read.
It will be remembered that last year a very im-
portantprovision was contained in the post route
bill which passed unawares, and there was some
talk about it. We had better know what the bill is.
Mr. YULEE. My motion to dispense with
the reading related only to the amendments con-
taining the routes proposed to be added, not the
amendments which cover general legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York requires the reading of the bill.
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary must
read the bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the Chair calls up the
special order at this hour.
Mr. YULEE. I move that we dispense with
the special order, and proceed with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is the joint resolution directing the presentation
of a medal to Commodore Hiram Paulding.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the special order
will not be passed by.
Mr. YULEE. I move to postpone that and all
other special orders, with a view to continue the
consideration of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Florida, that perhaps he had better
move the amendment in regard to raising the rate
of postage first; because, if that does not pass, I
will not vote for any new routes. My vote on the
amendments depends on that, and perhaps there
are some other Senators in the same situation.
If that were determined, we could soon dispose
of the bill.
Mr. YULEE. I am perfectly willing, with the
consentof the Senate, to postpone this amendment
until after the other is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) Such will be the order of the
Senate, unless objected to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think it
would be best to proceed with the bill regularly.
There may be others whose course would be dif-
ferent from that of the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to take the course suggested
by the Senator from Virginia. Objection being 1
made, the bill will be proceeded with regularly.
The Secretary continued to read the bill.
Mr. PUGH. .These are merely post routes;
there is no legislative provision; and I hope, by
general consent, the further reading will be dis-
pensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
is called for by the Senator from New York.
Mr. PUGH. I move to dispense with the
further reading of the bill.
Mr. KING. I called for the reading, because
last year in the bill there was a very important
provision, which I think never would have passed
either House if it had been fully understood.
This gives us a security that we know what the
bill is.
Mr. YULEE. What does the Senator say? I
did not hear him exactly. Will he repeat his re-
mark ?
Mr. KING. Last year, it will be remembered,
the bill was not read, and there was a very im-
portant provision, making a pretty large appro-
priation in addition to the ordinary provision for
post routes. The bill has usually been confined
entirely to the establishment of new post routes.
I have no objection to the course proposed by the
Senator from Virginia, of taking the question first
upon the rates of postage, because I desire to
save time. I am opposed to that increase, and
am willing that the question shall be taken before
the bill is read through; but I think it had better
be read through.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator's remark makes
it necessary to say a word in reply. What the
Senator alleges is not correct. The bill of the last
session did not contain any legislation beyond
the establishment of post routes, which was not
read to the Senate, and the attention of the Sen-
ate specially called to it. Nor did it contain any
provision for an appropriation. The Senator is
only repeating what was falsely stated at the time
in the other House, and so denounced, and so
proved at the time. Whatever there was in that
bill beyond the establishment of post routes, was
specially read to the Senate, their attention called
to it, and the interrogatories of gentlemen, whose
attention had been called to it, answered, as the
published debates show. It involved no appro-
priation, and was intended only to enable the
Department to improve the service, but, unfortu-
nately, they have not been able, even under that
provision, to make the improvements which we
contemplated and desired. Therefore, the reason
of the Senator for imposing upon the Senate the
inconvenicnce and loss of time of readingwhat
has never been read before, and what relates
alone to the establishment of post routes which
are established ad libitum by members of the other
House, so far as the House bill is concerned,
and by members of the Senate, so far as our
amendments are concerned, is without founda-
tion.
Mr. KING. The statements of the Senator
from Florida are not in accordance with my recol-
lection. I know that my attention was not called
to it; that I was not aware of that provision, and
that, when it was found in the bill, surprise was
expressed by most of the Senators. 1 do not know
but that the particular provision of which the
Senator speaks, may have been read; but I call
for the reading of this bill, because I think it bet-
ter that the bill should be read, that we may know
what it contains.
Mr. YULEE. The amendment to which the
Senator fiom New York referred, I am reminded
was not only read in the Senate, and the attention
of the Senate particularly called to it, but (what
seems not to have been understood in the House,
or not to have been stated there) it was read over
two or three times to the chairman of the Post
Office Committee of the House, and his attention
particularly called to it.
Mr. KING. I have no intention to prolong
time by debating this matter, but I know, when
the thing came out, great surprise was expressed;
and if it did not involve an appropriation, it in-
volved authority for a very large expenditure.
Mr. YULEE. No.
Mr. KING. That was my understanding of it.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in after line one hundred and fifty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, {Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The amendments proposed
by the committee are first in order. -
Mr. YULEE. What has been read has been
only the bill of the House. The committee re-
ported amendments with the bill,.but instructed
me also to propose some other amendments; and
I purpose, in advance of the amendments increas-
ing the number of post routes, to propose soirfe
other amendments which are from the committee,
and are, therefore, subject to the control of the
committee as to the order of their being off&ed.
I move, as an amendment, the bill which lias been
upon the desks of Senators as Senate bill No. 57$,
which has various objects of reform. I send it to
the Chair, and move it as an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Chair
to decide that the amendments reported .by the
committee with the bill, were first rn order. I
understand this to be a separate amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the committee are first in order, and the
Chair understands this to be an amendment from
the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it is offered since
those which were reported with the bill some days
ago. When the report was made, the committee
submitted certain amendments with the bill, and
those amendments, I supposed, were first in order,
and I understood the Chair so to decide. Although
the committee now offer amendments, that does
not do away with amendments which they re-
ported some days ago, I apprehend.
Mr. YULEE. 1 leave it to the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STUART. The committee certainly hav$
a right to say in what order they will present their
own amendments. They can first offer an amend-
ment which they agreed to report to-day, if they
choose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
so determined.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the first, sixth, seventh,
and eighth sections of the " Act to reduce the rates of post-
age, to limit the use and correct the abuse of the franking
privilege, and for the prevention of { frauds on the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department,'" approved March 3,
1845, and the third, fourth, and fifth sections of the act to
amend the act aforesaid, approved March 1,1851, and all
other acts and parts of acts granting and conferring upon
any person whomsoever the right or privilege to receive or
transmit through the mails of the United States, free of post-
age, letters, packets, newspapers, periodicals, books, or any
other mailable iriattei, printed or written, be, and the same
are. hereby, abrogated and repealed : Provided, neverthe-
less, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to repeal any special law heretofore enacted granting the
franking privilege to any ex-President, or to any person or
persons to whom the privilege has been granted by name.
Sec. 2. JJndbc it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Sccietary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Repiese.ntatives, respectively, to procure from {he post-
master of Washington, Di trict of Columbia, and furnish
eacli Senator and Member and Delegate of the Hou&e of
Representatives, at the eommeucementofeach regular ses-
sion, with {gjloU in postage stamps, to be paid for out of the
contingent funds of the two Houses of Congress.
Sec. 3. Jind be-it further enacted, That all letters, packets,
newspapers, periodicals, public documents, and books,
printed bv order of either House of Congress, and all other
mailable "matter, shall be prepaid by postage stamps or
stamped envelopes before their delivery at any post office for
transmission in the mails; and all letters, packets,and other
mailable matter, whether printed or wrmen. directed to the
President or Vice President of the United States, or to any
member of either House of Congress, or to the Secretary of
the Senate, or Clerk of the House of Representauves, shall
be prepaid at the mailing office.
Sec. 4. +61 ml be it further enacted, That all letters, packets,
and mailable matter sent fsom or directed to any of'the Ex-
ecutive Departments, bureaus, or public offices or officers,
civil or military, at the seat of the General Government, ex-
cept the Post Office Department and the office of the Au-
ditor of the Treasury for the Po-?t Offiee Department, shall
be prepaid by postage stamps or stamped envelopes before
delivery at the mailing office. '
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General, the Assistant Postmasters General, the chiefcl«rk
of the Post Office Depaitment, the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Offiee Department, and the chief cleik of
the %aid Auditor, be, and they are hereby, authorized to
receive and tend free 111 the mails all letter* and packer and
other mailable matter relating exclusively to their official
duties, or to the business of the Post Office Department;
and they shall, in every case, indorse on the back of every
letter or package so to be sent free, over their own signa-
ture*, the woids, "official business." And the several post-
masters shall be, and they are hereby, authorized to send
through the mail, free of posugo, all letters and packages
which it shall be their duty to transmit, and which shall re-
late exclusively to the business of their respective offices,
or to the business of the Post Offiee Department; but, in
every case, the postmaster sending any such letier or pack-
age shall indorse thereon, over his own signature, the words
u p'oat office businessand for any and every such indorse-
