THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1839.
New Series No. 14.
States for a number of years, correspond with my
professions; and I am willing now to reduce my
professions to practice. X am satisfied that the
expenditures of this Government are too great;
I am satisfied that they are unnecessary and prof-
ligate. I do honestly believe that millions of the
people's money are collected and squandered here
for improper purposes. It is our duty as faithful
sentinels, as faithful representatives of the sov-
ereign States, to commence the work of reduction
and retrenchment of the expenses of the Govern-
ment. Then let us unite in this movement. All
agree that it is right; all agree that it should be
done; all agree that the expenses are too great;
all agree that there is extravagance and profligacy,
and some insinuate that there is even corruption;
but if we are all satisfied that this ought to be
done, should we now be diverted from the object
by a simple disinclination on the part of the Com-
mittee on Finance to go into the investigation?
Mr. President, (Mr. Fitzpatrick in the chair,)
you have been a member of this body a long tune;
I Bee many faces here that I served with m the
House of Representatives; and, from the time I
took my seat there up to the present moment,
whenever this subject was mooted the cry has
been " this is not the time." There was always
something in the way. An appropriation was
needed for this, or an appropriation was neede^l
for that, or the session was too short; it was not
time to commence the work. When will the time
come ? When can we commence this work ? /n
the estimation of some, it never will come; and,
even amongst the fuends of retrenchment and re-
form, when you present a proposition, it is not
exactly in the right shape, its reference is not to
the right committee, or the session is too short for
anything to be done. If we are in earnest in this
matter, if (following the intimation of the honor-
able Senator from Maine) wo are smceie, let us
give the public some evidence of our sincerity.
Let us not taik about expenditure; let us not talk
about extravagance; but let us reduce our profes-
sions and our talk and theories to practice.
I hope the Senate will send this resolution to
the Committee on Finance. That is the com-
mittee whose duty it is to pass upon all the ap-
propriations; and even if they were not favorably
disposed, I say again, that, in preparing bills for
the expenses of the different Departments they
obtain all the information that is necessary to
enable them to propose a general measure of
economy. As to the suggestion that we should
appoint a select committee, that would not be a
proper committee. The Finance Committee is
in possession of the real information, and that is
the committee which should perform the work.
I hope the resolution will be sent to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and let them progress as far as
they can. I believe if we pass a resolution of
this kind, they will report a bill,and the work
can be commenced in good earnest.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I do not want
to occupy the attention of the Senate more than
a moment to express my satisfaction that this de-
bate has arisen in this Chamber this morning. I
think we are indebted to the honoiable Senator .
from Tennessee for introducing this necessary ;
subject as an inauguration of this Chamber. The
Seriate could not be better occupied on the first
morning of the first day of its session in this
Chamber, in my humble judgment, than in dis-
cussing the subject of retrenchment. I do not
know that any good will arise from tins move- j
ment; I doubt whether there is time to accomplish j
much; I am apprehensive that our able Finance j
Committee is already sufficiently burdened with j
work, and cannot do a great deal on the subject ■
at this short session; but, sir, the very discussion ^
of the subject, the very introduction of it, the ex- 1
hibition of a general feeling amongst northern and
southern men in favor of retrenchment, on the
first day of our session m this Chamber, I think ,
augurs well for the country. I had made up my ;
mind not to introduce the subject; I did not think ;
it would be becoming for me to do so; but I had
made up my mind at the same time that if any 1
14
gentlemen would introduce it and adhere toitand
push it, I would stand by them to the last. I
think it is not saying too much to declare that
this-country has gone faster and further m ten
years, in the way of governmental extravagance,
than most other countries have done in eentuiies.
I do not know how it has happened, but it seems
i to me there is no way of stopping it unless by
; some great combined movement.
| I remember that, before I had the honor to en-
| ter the Senate as a member of the body, when I
j was younger than I am now, I was a listener to
! a chance debate, somewhat similar to the debate
| of this morning, that arose m the old Chamber.
, I listened to remarks that day which made such
S an indelible impression on my mind that I can
i quote them substantially now. John C. Calhoun,
; of South Carolina, took pait in the debate—a
| running debate, similar to the discussion of this
' morning, on the subject of retrenchment and re-
' form, and reduction of expenses, and so on. I
! remember well that he rose and stated emphat-
| ically, in substance, what I am going to repeal:
s "Congress is powerless to arrest this extrava-
gance. It will increase from year to year. The
legislative department has not, within itself, the
i power to arrest it. The executive department,
I the Piesident and the Departments, have to ini- i
I tiate, organize, regulate, and present a ^reat plan I
i of general reform both for the civil and rmhtaiy
; service of the countiy; and then, in connection
■ and cooperation with the legislative department,
' both can carry it into effect." These aie some-
thing like his remaiks; I give them substantially; !
and my opinion is, that they were the deductions I
of profound wisdom and experience. j
Congress, then, only reformed by piecemeal, •
. here and there; there was no systematized gen-
eral retienchment. But it is very well to inmate ;
a measure like this introduced by the honoiable I
Senator from Tennessee, and have it before the '
Senate. Let us refer it to the Committee on Fi- 1
nance; not that that committee, even if you gave it !
the whole time between nowand the nextsession j
of Congress, would be able entirely to accomplish .
this gieat work; but it is a first step; ltisan im- '
tiation; it is a commencement. Judging from the
recommendation of the Piesident, m his message,
I presume the Executive will take up the subject
and organize a plan of reform, according to the ,
suggestions of Mr. Calhoun, and present a gen- i
eral plan, embracing not only the judiciary, but ;
the military, the coast defenses, and all expenses j
of Government. j
But, sir, I ask pardon of the Senate for consum- j
ing so much time. 1 shall vote to send this re&o- i
lution to the Committee on Finance; not because \
that committee can possibly accomplish t his woi k, j
but it is the leading committee of the Senate; itis I
the great representative committee on such sub- j
jects, and if any man will go into this matter with j
ability and zeal, its chairman will do eo. lie will !
initiate it at all events, and I have no uoubt the i
President of the United StMtes, and the Depait- i
ments of the executive government, will bring 1
you in a general plan when you meet h<Me next
session, I agree with the Senator from Geoigia; ■
nothing can be truer;you muste;tberreduceyour •
expenditures, or raise your tariff. There is no
question about that; and you cannot levy your
tariff m such a way as to meet the expends as '
they are going on now; the thing is impossible, j
They are increasing every day, and as was said !
by John C. Calhoun, they will increase from year
to year. They cannot be nnvster} by (\m'T*ess.
They can only be arrested by the cooneiation of
the executive and legislative departments. I ,
shall vote for sending the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Finance. J
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I thought, '
when I had the floor befoie, that 1 made it sufii- '
ciently evident iliat it would be totally impossible ,
for the seveial committees to introduce a gcneial .
system of retrenchment; because there nr^t be a
standaid, a fixed amount of expense, wh'ch the 1
Government shall not exceed; and there must be
a relative pro rata reduction of the expenditures 1
of the Government, in order to bring us down to
thestandard. Now, just to show the operation of
dividing the task of retrenchment and sending it
to several committees, I have at random taken up
the general orders," and looked at the recom-
mendations of those committees who, according
to the views of the Finance Committee, arc to as-
sume this examination. The first bill which I find
is a bill from the Committee on the Judiciary "to
equalize the salaries of certain judges of courts in
the District of Columbia, and for other purposes;"
I suppose, doubtless, to increase the salaries of
those officers, and so the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. Another is a bill from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, "to create the office
of Fourth Assistant Postmaster General;" a bill
to create a new salaried officer. Tlfe next is from
the Finance Committee: " A bill increasing the
pay of certain officers of the revenue cutters."
Proceeding on, I find " An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts;" and then a bill from
the Committee on Public Buildingsand Grounds,
to enlarge the public giounds surrounding the
Capitol; a bill from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, " to provide for the lighting
with gas ceitain streets across the mall;"' a bill
| ftom the Committee on Public Lands <c to au-
j thonze augmented rates for surveying the public
| lands in the Territory of Washington," and so
; on; two hills reported this morning—for aught I
know, right in themselves—reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs: x>ne increasing the
pay of the officers of the Navy; the other to au-
thorize the constitution of ten war steamers. Fi-
nally, upon this subject, I take up a bill which is
! laid on our table, and has been passed by tke
, House of Representatives, I believe on the rec-
! ommendation of the Committee on Pensions,
' which bill proposes to pay to every person who
served a term of sixty days or more in the ser-
' vice of the United States in the war of 1812, a
pension, beginning at the first day of the present
Congress and continuing during ins natuial life.
I do not say that these proposed appropriations
: are wrong; I only say that the constitution of the
1 committees is such that the bills which come from
these seveial committees are bills incieasing,
! rather than diminishing, the expenditures; and
that, if you ate to have a reduction, it must be
the task of one committee which is assigned for
1 that purpose, and has a general supervision of the
whole sublet.
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the object of the
1 the resolution, it is to dnect the Committee on
. Finance to inquire what abuses are made in the
i application of appropriations. If the purpose be
. ecomomy, this surely is not the direction to take
1 to attain that end. If abuses exts', that might ie-
! quire an inquiry, it would be needful, however,
| to indicate to the committee which commenced it
i where the abuses were. The resolution in its
present shape is quite too broad for any committee
: ever to reach a point at which they could venture
| to make a report. If the object be economy in
: the Government, it is to be soughtby the reorgan-
ization of many of its departments. INo email
■ portion of the very heavy expenditures of the
; Government annually accumulating is due to the
: vicious organization e>f many of its departments,
and the manner in which the public duties are
formed. For instance, sir, you charge one Depai t-
■ ment with the conduct of Indian affairs, and you
charge another Depai tment with the defense of
the frontier. You make appropriations annually
to the department having charge of the Indians,
to supply them with arms, with powder, with
ball,with"blankets,indeed with every thmgwhich
is necessary to conduct a campaign. These, too,
are annually distributed to Indians who it is well
known never huut vvith firearms—Indians ofthat
nomadic character who live on the plains, and who
hunt entirely with the spear and the bow. The
ai ms distributed by the Government are kept sole-
ly for purposes of war. They commit a depreda-
i tion on the frontier; then the other Department
