1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
mentfaUely made, the person making the same shall for-
feit and pay $300, one halt for the u>e ol the pe^on or per-
sons informing and prosecuting tor the same, and the other
halt to the n.se of the United s3iat«*s, to be paid over to the
Postmaster General, and accounted for by hnu as other
moneys of the Department.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay or refund quar-
terly, out of' any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
proptiated, to each of the Executive Departments, bureaus,
and offices at ih« scat ol Government, cxccpt the Post
Office Department and the office of the Auditor for said De-
partment, such amounts as the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury shall audit and allow as having been ex-
pended lor the purchase of postage, stamps and stamped
envelopes, used, or to be used, tor the prepayment of the
postage on letter.-, packets, and mailable matter, sent from
then rt^peenve offices on official buaine**. And if the con-
tingent fund ofany Executive Department, bureau, or ollice,
with the exceptions aforesaid, shall be insufficient, after
defraying other expenses, to purchase the postage btamps
required for the u>o of such Department, then, and not
otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury may, upon the
requisition of the chief officer thereof, advance such sum
as shall not exceed the estimated amount of the postages
to be paid by &uch office m anyone quarter, to be accounted
for as other public moneys: Pro aided, however, That the
postage on all letters and package* from the President and
Vice President of the United Slates shall be paid by the.
Department of State and the Secretary of the Senate re-
spectively: And -pioi'ided futther, That officers, civil and
military, may have allowed to them, in the settlement of
their accounts by the pioper accounting officers ot the Gov-
ernment, the postages paid by them on letters and packets
sent by them in the mails exclusively on official business.
Sec. 7. And he it J art her enacted, That the eighteenth
section of the Act to reduce the rates of po tag''," &.c.,
approved March 3, 1815, shall be so construed as to pro-
hibit the Postmaster General from making contracts for the
traiii-porta ion ot the mail with any view to the transporta-
tion of passengers, and to restrict hnn m making such eon-
tracts to the acceptance of such bids only as shall provide
for the conveyance of the mails.
Sec- 8. And he it J'uithet enacted, That so much of the
first section ot the act of August 30, 18,>2, entitled "An act
to amend the act entitled 'An act to reduce and modtly the
rate* of postage m the United States, and for other pin-
pose-i,'5' passed Maich 3, 1851, as allows a deduction ot
fitly per centum tiom the rates of1 postage established by said
act on new.-p.iper- and per rodicaN paid qnai teily or yeatly
in advance he, and the same is heieby, repealed.
Sfc. 9. And he it tint her enacted, That, from and after the
1st day of July, 1K>0, in lieu of the rates of postage now
established bv law, there shall be charged the following
rate*, to wit: Forever} single letter, in manuscript, oi paper
ot anvkind, in which int'ot mauoti shall be asked toi oi com-
mit moated in writing, oi by maik* or signs, conveyed in the
mail tor any distance between places in the United States
not exceeding three (hou>und mile-*, live emits, and for any
distance over three thousand miles, ten cents; and lot a
double letter there shall tie charged double these rates, and
for a treble leitcr. treble these rates; and eveiv letier or
parcel not exceeding hall an ounce in weight shall be deemed
a single letter,and eveiy additional weight ol li«tft an ounce
or additional weight ol less than hall an ounce, shall he
chaiged v\ nil an additional single rate of postage And there
shall be charged f<n letters convev< d in the mail, wholly or
m part In-sea, and to oi from a f-ieign counti v, without
regaid to distance, ten cents tor each half ounce in weight,
or additional weight of h*«s than half an ounce, excepting,
however, all ea-es >n which Mich postage had been or shall
be adjusted at diUerent iaies by postal ticatyor convention
already concluded oi hcicatter to be made. And cveiy let-
ter or pack* l brought into the United Stales, oi car ned Horn
one poit theiem to another, m any private ship or vessel,
shall be charged with live cents, it dchveied at the post othee
wheie the same shall art ive ; and ti destined to he conveyed
theneo bv po-t to any place, two cents shall be added to the
ordinary rates ot postage. All diop letters, oi letters placed
in any p<>-t otliee. not lor tiansmisMon, hut toi dehveiy only,
sit<ilI he charged with po-iage ;ii ihe rare ot one conf esu h,
to be prepaid hy postage stamps, and a< counted lor as othet
letter postages. And all letteis u Inch shall hereaftei be ad
veriiscd as remainingovet, oi uncalled for, in any post office,
Khali he charged with one cent in addition to the tegular
postage, to be accounted tor as postages now are. And upon
all letters passing through or in the mads ot the United
Slates, evepnnix -"itch as ai«- to or liom a foreign country,
and letters and piekanes to and liom anv cv Presideni of
the United States, or any pejsou or peisons to whom the
f i«mking privilege has been granted by ruiiue, and letter and
pack ig< s to and troni the olheeis of the I'o-l Oihc<' Depart-
ment and of the Auditors office of tlio Post Othee Depart-
ment, exclusively on official hn-mess, the rates ot postage
hereby established shall b" pupatd bv post.eje stamps, or
stamped envelopes, ot m money, i( the Postmastei Ceneial
shall s(i difcct.
Sec 10 Aud he it futther enacted, That, from and after
the 1-t of July, 1*">9, the po-tage upon all printed m.ittei
pas-ing tlirotigli the m.ui of the United States, instead of the
rute-j now charged, -hall be as to||o\Vs. to wit : Each news-
paper, periodica!, unsealed circular, or oiher article of
printed matter, not exceedm:* three ounces in weight, shall
be sent to any part of the United States foi one cent, and
for every additional ounce, or traction ot an ounce, oimcent
additional shall be charged ; and the postage, upon n *Ws- j
papei-sand periodicals shall be paid quarterly in advance, j
either at the p0Sst office where the same are dchveied, or at
trie office where they are maib'd ; andevideui< of-mehpay- •
mentshail be furnished quarterly to the office ot dehvurj in !
such manner as the Postmaster General may, bv general
regulations, prescribe. New-papers and penodicais not
weighing over one ounce and a halt, when circulated in thy
State where publi-hed shall be chaiged one half the rates
abovf mentioned • Puvu'ed, That small nevv-papeis and i
periodicals publish'd monthly, oi ofteuer, and pamphlets
containing not more t'uui «i\teen octavo pages each, when
sent in single p tckages, weighing at least eight ounces, to
one anting anil prepaid Dy affixing postage stamps thereto,
shall he charged only half a cent for each ounce, or fraction
of an ounce, notwithstanding th" postage calculated on each
separate article of such package would exceed that rate:
And provided, further, That the publishers of weekly news-
papers may send to each actual subscriber within the
county where their papers are printed and published, one
copy thereof free of postage; and that nothing heiem con-
tamed shall prevent the Tree exchange ol newspapers be-
tween the publishers thereof, as authorized by the act of
1825, " to reduce into one the several acts establishing and
regulating the Post Office Department.>} The postage on
ail tian&ient printed matter shall be prepaid by postage
stamps. And it shall be the duty of each postmaster to ren-
der quarterly to the Post Office Department, with his regu
lar quaiterly returns of postages, and in such form as the
Postmastei General shall piescrihe, a paiucular account of
all postage by iurn collected or received upon newspapers,
periodicals, and other punted matter, regular or transient,
received at, or sent from, his office. And it shall be the fur-
ther duty of each postmaster at whose ollice one or more
letter-carrieis are employed, to render quarterly, as afore-
said, a particular account of all moneys received from, and
paid to, each letter-carrier during the quarter.
Sec. 11.  flnd he it Jurl/ier enacted. That, in place of the
compensation now allowed deputy postmasters, the Post-
master Geneial be, and he is hereby, authorized to allow
them commissions, at not exceeding the following rates, on
the lettei postage collected at their respective offices in each
quaiterot the year, and indue proportion foranypenod
less than a quarter, viz : On any sum not exceeding one
hundred dollars, forty per centum ; but any postmaster, at
who&e office the mail is to arrive regulaily between the.
hours of nine o'clock atmght and five o'clock in themorn-
mg, may be allowed fifty pei centum on the first hundred
dollars. On any sum over and above one hundred dollais,
and not exceeding four hundred dollais, tlnrly-three and
one-third pet centum. On any sum over ami above four
hundred dollars, but not exceeding twenty-lour hundred
dollars, thirty per centum. On any sum over and above
the first two thousand four hundred* dollars, twelve and a
half per centum. On the amount of postage on letters and
packages received at a distributing office tor distribution,
not exceeding ten per centum. And on the moneys arising
from the postage on newspapers, periodicals, pamphlets,
and oth"i punted matter, the Postmaster General niav al-
low acomimssiou of not exceeding fifty per centum. Each
postmaster who shall be requiiod to keep a register ot the
arnval and departure of the mails shall be allowed ten cents
tor each monthly return which he makes to the Postmaster
General - ami each postmaster may lie allowed two mills
foi the delivery t'lom ins otliee to au actual subscriber of
each weekly ncwspaperentitled to go fteein the mails, ex-
cept exchange |«ipeis. And no other or tuither allowances
whatevei, shall he made to any postmaster, except tram the
rent-ol boxes or pigeonholes as now autlioi r/.ed by law ;
and the commissions arid allowances authorised by tins act
shall be sub)ect to the piovisions of the foi ty-fir*t section of
the act entitled " An act to reduce into one the several acts
establishing and regulating the Post Othee Department,1'
approved March IW'i.
Sfc 1*2 And he it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
lot persons known as regular dealers m newspapers and
pei unheals to receive by mail such quantities of either as
ill'"v niav tequne, and to pay the postage thereon as thov
ma\ he lecetved. at the same rates asregulai subscubors to
such publications.
Sm . 13. And he it. further enacted. That maps engiav
nig-, hihograph or photograph prints on rolieis, shall be
chaiged with postage by the weight of the package, at the
tale of one cent an ounce or fiaction ol an ounce, w any
place within the United States.
Mr. DIXON. I gave notice, the other day, of
an amendment which I propof?e to offer as a sub-
stitute for this proposition. 1 now oiler it in this
shape:
That the privilege of franking, ^ending, and receiving let-
ters and other packages f'tee of postage, heretofore extended
to official am} other persons, .shall be, and the same i*
hereby, abrogated.
Wise. 2 And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall prepare and furnish, tor the use ot the scveial
Government Departments and the Pie-'ident, punted en-
velopes or wrappers for Government documents and cor
lespondenee, such envelopes or wiappers to be received at
the post officu at Washington .is Government matter, the
postage to be charged to the particular Department Using
and ho waiding the same.
Src. J And he it Juithcr cnactcd, That the postage on
all Government mail mattei mailed at Wa-hingion in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the preceding section, and
all the mail mattei addressed to anv of the Departments,
Government officers, or members ot Congress at Washing-
ton, and mailed without being piepaid, shall be charged to
the Depai tiueiU or htanch ot Congiess mailing oi receiving
the same, and at piepaid rates; the expense ot the same to
be paid by appiopnationi from the Treasuiy,m the manner
piovided lot otbei Government expenses.
Kkc. 4. And he it fuither enacted, That all Government
mail ma;t 'i, mailed or received in accordance wnh either
of the two preceding sections, may be weighed in bulk, and
charged at the rate, offive cents for every ounce of the let-
ter-, and twelve cents for eveiy pound of the printed mat-
tei ; but no provi-iou of this or either of the two preceding
sections shall apply to me transportation, or ciiarge for mad
matter, foi the Government, except such as shall be sent
fiotn orteceived at th- post office in Washington City.
Ki:c\ And he it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect on the 1st day of July, A. D.* 13.39.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I know that it
is desirable to the Senate to occupy as little time
as possible upon any single measure presented for
its consideration, during the short remaining part
of the session. X shall, therefore, lie very bnef
in making such explanations lo the Senate as seem
to be indispensable, in behalf of the committee, to
explain the nature of the reforms which they pro-
pose, and the reasons which have induced them.
The first six sections propose to abolish utterly
and entirely the franking privilege——
Mr. HALE. Will the chairman give way for
a single moment? I desire to know if he is ad-
dressing himself to the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; I am explaining the
contents of the bill of the committee, to which he
proposes his amendment.
Mr. HALE. I desire to give notice that I mean
to move to amend the Senator's hill, by striking
out one of the sections; and I suppose that will be
in order before the question is taken on the substi-
tute of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. YULEE. The reforms which the com-
mittee propose are, first the entire abolition of the
franking privilege which is provided for in the first
six sections, and remains only with those two or
three distinguished individuals, the widows of de-
ceased Presidents, and the living ex-Presidents, to
whom Congress have, by special enactment,given
the franking privilege. The seventh proposes to
substitute altogether what are known at the De-
partment as star bids, in the letting of contracts,
for the present practice in letting. The eighth re-
peals the fifty per cent, reduction which has been
allowed for quarterly advance payment upon
newspapers. ,The ninth section increases the
three cent rate to five cents upon letters. The tenth
section regulates the rates of printed matter, and
conforms them very nearly to the existing act.
with some improvements, which will increase the
revenue without adding much to the burden upon
those who use the mails for printed matter. The
eleventh section relates to the compensation of
postmasters, which has been arranged pretty
much on the basis of the act of 1847. The twelfth
section is in favor of dealers in periodicals and
newspapers, and will enable them, it is hoped, to
use the mails, to some extent, in the stead of ex-
press agents. The thirteenth is immaterial, and
is merely for the convenience of those who are
transmitting maps and other heavy matter through
the mails. These two last being provided for m
a biil which has passed the House, and is now in
charge of the committee, will be withdrawn from
this amendment.
The last section provides that the bill shall go
into effect from and aftei the 1st day of July next.
These reforms, as I stated before, the Post
Ollice Department estimate will make a difference
of $6,500,000 in the financial results for the next
fiscal year. Although I do not anticipate so much
benefit, yet a diHercnco of four or four and a half
million dollars certainly will give sufficient relief
to the Treasury to justify the experiment of the
measure which the committee propose.
Mr. President, the expenditures of'the Post
Office Department have increased very greatly and
very mpully within the last few years, until they
very much exceed the receipts of the Department.
There are several causes which have induced this
condition of the Post Office Department, and
which account for it sufficiently, without at all re-
ferring it to any mismanagement on the part of
the officers administering that branch of the Gov-
ernment. The causes are patent to all. They
consist, m the first place, in a greatly extended
urea of service; in the second place, m a greatly
incicased bulk of mail matter; in the third place,
a greatly improved mode of service; and fourth,
m a greatly increased cost of service.
The area of service has been extended by the
acquisition of territory. Extensive wastes inter-
vene between the occupied territory on the At-
lantic and that on the Pacific coast. The cost
which has been added to the expenditures of the
Post Office Department within the past few years,
by the extension of our temtonal area, and by
the establishment of organized Territories con-
! taming a sparse population, has been $2,477,000
per annum; nearly two and a half million added
to the cost of the Department, for service from
which we reccive a return, after deducting the
compensation of postmasters, of #181,626. There
is, thciefore, nearly two and a half millions of
excess of expenditure in the Post Office Depart-
' ment, which is chargeable to a necessity and duty
on the part of the Government m the supply of
this widely extended and nesvly acquired terri-
tory, which cannot be fairly charged on the De-
partment, or upon those who use the mails.
