210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
charged with the defense of the frontier sends out
the United States troops, or calls on the volunteers
to accumulate their number, and these Tndians
appear with arms which have been distributed by
the other Department, and thus the Government
conducts a war maintaining both sets of combat-
ants, and widening the expense from year to year
by the fact that the responsibility is divided.
That is one. I mention it, because it is striking,
because it is notorious. There are many others.
If a committee could be appointed to examine
into the questions of organization, to examine
how many drones are found in the Departments,
how many useless employes have come to be
fastened upon the Government, and to propose a
reorganization with a view to efficiency and econ-
omy, I doubt not that a very large amount of
money might be saved to the Government. If
that were done, the appropriations would follow
in the train of your reorganization; your appro-
priations would be controlled by your wants.
But nothing is more idle than for Congress to re-
quire a particular service, to indicate a particular
number of men, and the grade of men who are to
perform it, and then clamor against the manner
m which the appropriations are expended. You
have, yourselves, required the expenditures.
Abuses may exist; I hope they are more rare than
is generally believed; but if they exist, it is a
special inquiry to be made in each particular case,
and cannot come within the scope of the time
•which would possibly be permitted to the Com-
mittee on Finance to examine into the question.
If the mover of this resolution will modify it so
as to raise a committee to examine into the sub-
ject of organization, or refer the subject to the
Finance Committee as peculiarly qualified to ex-
amine into such questions, I will vote for it; but
as it-stands now, it is an arraignment without
proof of the manner in which the appropriations
are expended, and involves every one who is
charged with those expenditures in the censure
which wo are about to pass upon them; and in
that form J must vote against it.
_ Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I have
listened with some interest to the remarks which
gentlemen have made in relation to this proposi-
tion, and I find that while all seem to entertain
the idea that the great purpose of the resolution
should be sustained by us, they differ entirely
about the manner of doing it. I think the idea
that the expenditures of this Government can be
in any measure curtailed by means of the appro-
priation bills is impracticable. The evil does
not lie in the appropriation bills. They are but
the ultimate and necessary result of previously
passed laws. The reform cannot begin with the
appropriation bills, nor can it begin with the
Commute on Finance who take those bills under
consideration.
At times I have entertained the thought that if
the various appropriation bills were sent to the
different committees raised on those various
topics, they might lay the foundation for an in-
quiry as to the mode of getting at a reformation.
For instance, if the appropuation bill tor the
support of the Army, instead of being sent to the
Committee on Finance, were sent to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, who have the subject of
the Army under consideration, they might do
something with it. So, too, if the appropriation
bill for the support of the Post Office Department
■were sent to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, who are supposed to understand, and
who should understand, all subjects relating to
the Post Office Department in all its relations;
they might possibly institute some process by
which some sort of reformation might be inducted.
So, too, of the other appropriation bills.
I make these remarks at this time because two
appropriation bills from the House of Represent-
atives have been presented to us to-day, and the
chairman of the Finance Committee rose, accord-
ing to the usual practice, and moved to send those
bills, one of which related to pensions, not to the
Committee on Pensions, not to the committee
having charge of the pension system, but to the
Committee on Finance—to do what? Simply to
consider a bill to pay the pensions which by law
we are bound to nay.
Now, how can an appropriation bill in itself be
a means of reform? How can it furnish an oppor-
tunity for the curtailment of the expenses of the
Government, all of which expenses are the neces-
sary result of previously existing laws, which
laws are permitted to remain in force unrepealed,
unaltered, unchanged ?
I say, then, it is utterly impracticable to think of
devolving upon the Finance Committee the busi-
ness of proposing the necessary appropriations,
to carry into effect the laws which we have passed,
and which we sustain, and which we do not pro-
pose to amend, and at the same time to ask them
to travel back and review the whole proceedings
of this Government for the last thirty years, or
fifty years if you please, and to inquire what en-
actments may be made for "the purpose of repeal-
ing and modifying our systems so that they will
not demand appropriation bills of this extent. It
is a thing they cannot do, and we all know it is
utterly impracticable. I was, however, a little
astonished at one remark of the honorable chair-
man of that committee. He said that though
they could produce no effect, though they could
practically do nothing with this resolution, he
would, after all, vote for it. Perhaps I misunder-
stood him; but if I heard him correctly, his re-
marks were calculated to show us that the res-
olution would fail utterly if it were sent to the
Finance Committee, and yet he said he would not
vote against it. I am sensible that he remarked
that if the Senate sent it to the committee, he
would do the best he could. That is a matter of
course—a matter of necessary courtesy; but the
question is, why should we vote for a resolution
which must be in its results impracticable ? Per-
haps, however, I misunderstood the gentleman.
Mr. HUNTER. What I said, or meant to say,
was this: that I thought the Senator from Ten-
nessee could not accomplish his object so thor-
oughly by committing this investigation to the
Finance Committee as by distributing the busi-
ness amongst the other committees. I did not say
that the Committee on Finance could do nothing;
but I said it would be impossible that they could
effect the whole purpose, or could effect as much
of it as would be effected if it was distributed
amongst the other committees. I said, though,
at the time, that the inquiry was a proper one;
that some committee ought to be charged with it;
and that I should not oppose the resolution fur-
ther than to suggest a better mode of accomplish-
ing theobject. 1 did not say the Committee on
Finance could do nothing; but only that they
could not do as much as the other committees
could; that it does not belong to them so appro-
priately as to the other committees; but still, if
the Senate choose to send it there, I have 110 doubt
that committee will do the best they can, and
probably the little they can do will be better than
nothing.
Mr. COLLAMER. Still, the gentleman does not
come to the. point 1 was after. I understood him
to state before exactly what he has slated now;
but I understood him further to say that he would
vote for the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that I pledged
myself to vote for it, but I think I shall not op-
pose its passage if the Senate will not take the
belter mode, accoiding to my opinion, which I
have suggested. If they do not, I shall not op-
pose the matter going to the Committee on Fi-
nance. After having £civen this warning to the
Senate, if they still thinlc proper to send it there,
I shall make no further objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall certainly not oc-
cupy the time of the Senate further 111 regard to
this point; but the honorable chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee has now said that, if the reso-
lution be passed in this form, it will lesult 111 no
practical effect, and is not likely to produce any.
I know that gentlemen who have been familiar
with the Departments and their organization, like
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, are apt
to attribute some of our difficulties to a clashing
jn their organization. I know that there are evils
in that respect. I know that the duties are not
always capable of being perfectly divided amongst
the different Departments; and it may be that re-
organizations are necessary. The Senator from
Mississippi has suggested one case to us—that
of the Indian department, which was formeily
under the charge of the War Department, but is
now under the charge of the Secretary of the In-
terior. It may be that that is a bad arrangement
and that it ought to be corrected. Perhaps that
ought to have been left as it was; though I do not
see that a return to the old state of things, in that
respect, would correct the evil which the Senator
from Mississippi has suggested by way of ex-
emplifying his view. We make treaties with the
Indians; and in those treaties we agree to make
certain payments and annuities, and to make them
sometimes specifically in certain goods and sup-
plies. If the Indian bureau were under the charge
of the War Department, I do not see but that the
head of that Department would be bound to see
these treaties executed; and our appropriations
would have to be made for that purpose. The
evil in that instance, as in others, lies in the fact
that the past laws require a necessarily recurring
expense; and then, when we come to meet the
expense in the appropriation bills, we hesitate
and palter about it. The evil lies further back.
When I first rose I was about to move to lay
the resolution on the table, to enable me to have
an opportunity of drawing up an amendment,
referring the subject to the various appropriate
committees; but after all, inasmuch as the head
of the Finance Committee still entertains the be-
lief that we ought to vote for it as it is, I shall
not object to the resolution, but shall vote for it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I take it for
granted, indeed I am sure, that the honorable
mover of this resolution desires to attain the end
which the resolution imports; but I think it must
be manifest to him, from the discussion which has
taken place, that his end cannot be attained by
the resolution as it is now shaped.
The President has invited, and properly invi-
ted, a scrutiny into the expenditures of every De-
partment of the Government; and I agree with
that honorable Senator that it is highly becom-
ing in the legislative department of the Govern-
ment to institute that scrutiny. I am utterly ig-
norantof the waste, or extravagance, or possible
corruption which I understood that honorable
Senator to intimate as having arisen in any De-
partment of the Government. But whether it be
so or not, it is certainly wise and provident to
have the scrutiny to see if it is there; and if it is
there, to expose it, and to correct it; but it can-
not be done, I would submit to that honorable
Senator, by the means of this resolution, and for
more reasons than one. The honorable Senator,
my colleague, who is at the head of the Commit-
tee on Finance, has told you that in the short
time that remains of this session, the thing is im-
practicable in itself for that committee. I should
agree with that honorable Senator in his view; but
it is not appropiiate to that committee. I submit
to the mover of the resolution, that to*attain the
end practically, this scrutiny must be instituted
eitherby those standingcommittees of the Senate
who have especial charge of the several Depart-
ments of the Government, or by a select commit-
tee, raised for the purpose of examining into them
all.
Now, sir, to use a phrase that is somewhat
hackneyed, but not the less expressive in its use,
the expenditure^ of this Government have in-
creased, are increasing, and ought to bo dimin-
ished. I suspect I should have a response from
every Senator on this floor in the use of that
phrase. It may be that the expenditures are in-
creased by improvidence in the Departments, for
aught that I know. It has not been my province,
nor have I had an opportunity, to look into the
practical administration. I know, in relation to
one of them, by the exposition of that Depart-
ment made during this session of Congress, that
the expenses there have increased and are increas-
ing, but I am not prepaied to say that by a vote
of this body they would be diminished. I refer
to the expenditures of the Post Office Department.
This result has been brought about, not from any
fault of the administrators of that Department,
so far as I know, at this day or at any former day,
but in consequence of the craving desire of some
portions of this Confederacy for the expenditure
of public money.
Sir, the honorable Senator who represents Cal-
ifornia, and those who united with him, obtained,
a few years ago, an appropriation, according to
my lecollection now, of $6iJ0,00Q per annum for
a mail wagon to pass across the continent, from
Missouri to San Francisco—the interest upon
$10,000,000 voted by the Senate for this mail
wagon to go across the continent to carry a mail
with a few letters, (for it cannot carry a heavy
mail,) when at the same time we had competent,
and, so far as I know or have ever heard, diligent
