212
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
Then again, sir, His only the power which has
reduced the Indians-to submission that can treat
"with them effectively, for it is only force which
they will respect; and if, at the close" of a cam-
paign, tho military is withdrawn, and an agent for
whom they have not heretofore felt and are not
now impressed with any idea of respect, steps in
to hold a council with them, the result is a treaty
which they do not regard, and many of them will
even believe that there are warring elements in
our own Government, the one represented by the
military arm and the other by the peaceful arm
under the Interior Department; and thus, I say,
they are instigated to outbreak, unintentionally
to lie sure. It is not an abuse, but it is the conse-
quent effect of the system which we have adopted,
of the organization which we follow- The Sen-
ator from Vermont will see all the deductions
which are to be made from this; how it ramifies,
how it runs into the vast expenditure, first pro-
ducing the war, then producing the treaty, this
treaty producing the annuities, and the annuities
furnishing the means to wage another war at a
subsequent period. So it goes on, like a snow-
ball, gathering as it rolls. But in the Post Office
Department how is it? Why does the Secretary
of the Navy pay large sums of money for the
transportation of the mail? Why does he esti-
mate for large contracts made under the laws of
the Government to carry the mails across the At-
lantic? Thus, you not only conceal from Con-
gress the actual expenses incurred for the Post
Office Department, but you divide its responsi-
bility.
Again, sir, in our own action we control the
franking privilege; we print large4 numbers of doc-
uments, I will not intimate that documents are
ever printed in order that gentlemen may send
their franks out upon them, though it has been
so charged; but certain it is that documents are
printed which would not pay their transportation
through the mail. The Senate, therefore, controls
a vast expenditure of money for the transporta-
tion of the mails. By its action it interferes with
the power of the Post Office Department to sus-
tain itself; it divides the responsibility; and this
is another defect in organization. I mi°htgoon,
and from my own scanty knowledge might accu-
mulate many more instances. It brings nie back
to the point at which I originally started, that we
must first reform the organization of the Govern-
ment, so that the wants of the Government may
be clearly stated by that Department which has
the sole charge of every particular duty; that you
shall not have different branches of the Govern-
ment making estimates to Congress for services
to b<^performed of the same cognate character,
dividing the responsibility and concealing from
the public the money that is expended; but that
a single Department, having tho sole charge, and,
through its own agents, tlx1 sole administration
of the duty, shall be responsible for its expenses,
and they shall stand prominently out in the esti-
mates which the head of that Department submits.
Further, sir, I may say, in relation to the mil- 1
itary defenses of the country, as the Army has
been alluded to, that a vast sum of money might
be saved if the system of posting the troops in a
way best adapted to their efficiency was adopted;
and that Congress has coerced one Executive after i
another to scatter the troops in handfuls through- !
out the frontier, where biead is almost as valua- I
ble,ounce for ounce, as gold,and where the troops 1
in small garrisons are powerless for any other
purpose than self-defense, if your whole system !
of posting the Army was changed—if large gar- |
risons were maintained in countries where they •
could be cheaply fed, and expeditions were sent '
out during the summer season when emigrants arc
on the trains and Indians are committing their
outrages, I believe you would not only reduce the
expenses, but greatly increase the effectiveness of
the defense of our frontier. 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire of the j
Senator whether Congress has anything to do at j
all with the posting of the troops, or ever inter- :
ferns with it? i
Mr. DAVIS, I think, constitutionally, the Ex- 1
ecutive has the power to post the troops where !
he pleases,
Mr. FESSENDEN. tjave Congress interfered
in the matter?
Mr. DAVIS. They have, in this way; they
have made appropriations, frequently very inad-
equate for the purpose, for the construction of a
post at a particular place; and, as we are merely
conversing on this matter with a view to cointel-
gence, I will call the Senator's attention to a case
on which, Iguppose, he must have voted—the ap'
propriation of $5,000 to establish a post at Pem-
bina; an appropriation, perhaps, sufficient to have
transported a regiment from the Mississippi river
to the place, but not sufficient to put them in huts
even for a month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My inquiry was not di-
rected to the mere matter of appropriation for the
construction of fortifications or the establishment
of posts or anything of that sort, but with refer-
ence to the change of location from place to place.
That detail is all under the direction of the De-
partment, and I am not aware that Congress ever
interfered with it.
Mr. DAVIS. I am trying to make the Sena-
tor perceive that they have; because I am men-
tioning a case on which he himself acted, where
the Department had not located, and where it did
not propose to locate troops; but Congress in-
tervened by a species of instructions, making
an appropriation of a certain sum of money to
establish a post at a place where the Government
would not have established it but for the interfer-
ence of Congress. I am calling the Senator's at-
tention to a case on which he must have acted
himself, in order that he may see how Congress
has interfered.
Then there is another manner in which Con-
gress interferes. Members go to the Executive
Department in greater or less numbers, and they
represent the necessity of establishing a post at
a particular locality; petitions are sent in from
persons who have migrated beyond the limits
of settlements; they are referred by members of
Congress and recommended to the adoption of the
Executive; and thus, I say, Congress is to no
small extent responsible for this. I hold with the
Senator from Maine that it is constitutionally with-
in the power of the Executive to,post the troops
according to his discretion; but every Executive
does, practically, as I think he should, look to the
sense of Congress as one of the evidences of pub-
lic opinion, and one of the bases on which he will
found his judgment of what is right; and when he
knows the opinion and the will of Congress, it be-
hooves him to pause and reflect often before he
departs from it. I do not know whether it is ne-
cessary that Congress should act otherwise than
by a resolution; but I do not believe you will ever
get an Executive to face the shower that would be
dashed on him of declarations from every quarter
that he was failing to perform his duty, until Con-
gress has to some extent protected him by declar-
ing its opinion of the policy which it belongs to
the Executive to recommend. That policy was
recommended to Congress. It took no heed of it.
If Congress had only said it was a thing with
which Congress had nothing to do, the Executive
would have known that he was thrown on his own
responsibility, without any judgment from Con-
gress, and doubtless would* have taken that re-
sponsibility and acted on it.
But I rose simply for the purpose of correcting
what I thought was an error of the Senator from
Vermont in supposing that the execution of the
treaty was the beginning and end of the question.
The necessity for the treaty is the first question.
That necessity may be entirely avoided by having
the control of the Indians, both in peace and in
war, under the direction of the same head.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman's explana-
tion is satisfactoiy to me; that is to say, that the
treaty itself should have been formed by the same
Department having the execution of it, and the
contiol of the Indian tribes geneially. That seems
to me very obvious;and I think, therefore, throw-
wig the Indian department into the Interior, and
out of the War Department, was a mistake.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the mover
of this resolution that the Senate heretofore, when
they have gotten up retrenchment resolutions,
have confided them, as I understand, to a select
committee. I propose now to strike out of this
resolution the Committee on Finance,},and in-
sert f4 a select committee;" and if that amendment
be made, I shall support the proposition with
great pleasure. It seems to me that then the
matter will be where it ought to be. I do not
doubt but that the inquiry ought to be made; but
I think that if a select committee be charged with
the subject, the inquiry will be more efficiently-
made than it will be if the matter be sent to the
Committee on Finance. I think the select com-
mittee would \vork more efficiently, and be better
able to deal with the subject, than a committee
charged with so many other subjects. I think,
therefore, that to accomplish his purpose, the Sen-
ator from Tennessee would do better to agree to
the amendment which I suggest. At any rate, I
move an amendment to refer this inquiry to a se-
lect committee of seven members.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe there is an
amendment pending to which I wish to say aword^,
—an amendment suggested by the Senator from'
Michigan, who proposes to strike out the inquiry
as to abuses in the expenditure of money, and to
provide for a simple inquiry into the subject of
expenditures generally. I wish to suggest to that
Senator that it would be more satisfactory to some
of us if the proposition were simply to amend the
resolution by adding the words which he wishes
to add, and leaving the inquiry as broad as possi-
ble. I see no reason why abuses in expenditures
should not be inquired into.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
Indeed, I think the mover of the resolution rather
desires to retain that clause, simply appending
the words "if any" after the word "abuses."
By making that modification, and introducing the
term "expenditures,"I think the resolution would
be made better, and would answer the object in-
tended.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am anxious :n this mat-
ter to do what the chairman of the Committee on
Finance desires generally, but it seems to me that
such a course as he now proposes to take will
produce a conflict between these two committees.
If we raise a select committee, and they recom-
mend reforms, his committee, of course, will not
have charge of the subject, and the result will be
that they will act upon the Executive estimates.
They will present one statement to us, and this
committee of reform will present another state-
ment, and the Senate will have todecidc between
them; and, as the Senator from Michigan says, the
moral weight and influence of the Committee on
Finance will carry the day. I have seen this ex-
periment repeatedly made in the other wing of the
Capitol, where there is a similar committee, and
I invariably found that unless that committee did
investigate the subject themselves—and they are
not very much in the habit of doing it there; I do
not know how it is here—-they were very apt to
stand up for the Executive recommendations;and
the result would be that the personal and individ-
ual influence of a portion of the members whose
constituents were interested, going for the ex-
penditure, backed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, would carry the day, and any attempt at
reform went for nothing. I apprehend you will
have the same result here. The Senator from
Virginia and his committee will not have investi-
gated this subject; they will tell us the Depart-
ments say these moneys are necessary, ana we
must act in the dark. Here is one committee upon
one side, and a weighty committee, having the
purse-strings of the Senate, on the other. The
Finance Committee will recommend to us what
wc shall pay out, and on the strength of their rec-
ommendation wo shall have to act.
I saw an example of this kind in the year 1851.
There was an attempt at that time on the part of
Congress, against the wishes of the Executive,
and against the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to make reforms. In 1852,
Congress took the responsibility of making large
reductions on the estimates. I ihink the reduction
on the Army bill was abouttwoandahalf millions,
and there were large reductions; in other branches,
amounting altogether to several millions. We
passed the bills cutting them down in that way;
and what was the result? When Congress as-
sembled at the next session, we found that the
entire amount which the executive department
had said was necessary had been expended, and
the Committee of Ways and Means brought in
deficiency bills, which were ultimately passed. As
one individual, I resisted them, and so did others;
but the force of that committee was such as to
carry through those bills, and the money might
as well have been voted in the first instance. It
seems to me that if any reform is to be made at
all, it must begin with the Committee on Finance.
They are familiar with the whole subject; they
