1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. YULEE. Certainly it was included in
that; but I have taken from the totals ofeach year
all matter foreign to the result we desire, which
was to know what had been the receipts under
the act of 1845, as compared with the act of 1851,
in inland postage, upon letters and papers.
Mr. DIXON. Home letters?
Mr. YtJLEE. Yes, sir. I believe the Senator
from Vermont asked for the year 1853.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes sir.
Mr. YULEE. In 1851, as I said before, the
receipts under the law of 1845 were $5,880,311.
In 1852 they fell to $4,351,000; in 1853 they were
§4,474,000, in 1854, $5,168,000. For the last four
years $400,000 will cover all the difference. The
receipts remain almost at a stationary point.
Mr. DIXON. I beg leave to remind the Sen-
tor that in 1854 the postage was again reduced
very much.
Mr. YULEE. How?
Mr. DIXON. I think it was reduced.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; the reduction was in
1851. Among the faults of the act of 1851, upon
which I charge the present condition of the De-
partment, was a provision which required the
Post Office Department, expressly, by legislative
enactment, to go on increasing the expenditures
of the Department, without reference to the re-
duction which the art of 1851 might produce in its
revenues. That act contained a clause (the seventh
section of it) which lequired (he Postmaster Gen-
eral to continue to put into operation the routes
appointed by the successive laws of Congress
establishing post routes, and to continue extend-
ing the accommodations of the public in mail fa-
cilities in the same mannei us though there were
no reduction in us receipts. That was an imper-
ative requirement, which added on an average
nearly two or several hundred thousand dollars a
year to the expenditures of the Department, and
furnished to gentlemen representing constituen-
cies, in whose behalf routes had been established,
a reason for pressing upon the Department the
establishment of service upon them, without ref-
erence to the condition of the treasury of the De-
nartment. Not only that, but while, by the legis-
iition of Congress, the income of the Depai tment
was largely reduced, strangely enough the com-
pensation of postmasters was increased. It will
found that while, under the piaetieal operation
of the act of 1W51, the increased income of the
Department from 1851 to 1858 was only $94,000;
the increase in the compensation of postmasters
was §573,000. Thus, under the operation of the
act of 185J, while the income was reduced im-
mensely, the cost of seivice by postmasters was
increased over half a million dollars; and that is
one of the lemarkable practical effects of the act
of 1651.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was a necessary
consequence; because, if the postage was reduced,
the former percentage would not pay the post-
masters, and of course they had to raise it.
Mr. YULEE. H was the result of that legis-
lation.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will allow me a
single moment, I will explain to him what I in-
tended by my allusion to the reduction of 1854.
The Senator stated that the final reduction of
postage was made in 1851, as I understood him. 1
think he is mistaken in that respect. The final
reduction was made in 1851 or 1855, when the
postage was limited to three cents,prepaid. Pie-
viously, it had been five cents for unpaid let-
ters.
Mr. YULEE. There was that change; but it
practically made very little diffeience. The on-
ginai actpiovided a three cent rate forall prepaid
letters, and five cents for unpaid letters; but prac-
tically, it was a three cent rate lor most letters.
There was comparatively little received under the
five cent clause, and I presume it was because so
little was received that it was abandoned , with the
view of making the accounts unifoiin. I sup-
posed that was what the Senator was adverting to.
Now, Mr. President, I do not propose to re-
turn to the rates of 1845. The eommif u*e propose
a moderate change of the rates. We have settled
ufioii what we consider a compromise between
the act of 1845 and that of 1851. The act of 1845
made a five cent rate for all distances within three
hundred miles, and ten cents beyond. The act of
Ibol made a three cent rate for all distances
within three thousand miles, and ten cents be-
yond. We propose to make what may be con-
sidered a compromise between the two acts, by
fixing the rate upon letters at five cents for all dis-
tances reaching three thousand miles,and ten cents
beyond. This the Post Office Department suppose
will make a difference of $3,500,000. I hardly
expect so much; but, be that as it may, it is evi-
dent that the reduction in 1845 had stimulated by
its cheapness, to almost the utmost extent, the
epistolary furore of our people, for there has been
no increase since that time at all commensurate
with the largely increased population and com-
merce of the country, nor the increased facilities
of the posfal department; for, I take it, the im-
proved service, the greater frequency of trips upon
railroad and steamboat routes, and the greater ex-
pedition, added to the great cheapness of the
charges, must have effected an increase, beyond
the ordinary percentage due to the increased pop-
ulation and commerce, in the number of letters
passing between the different sections of the
country.
In respect to the printed matter, under the oper-
ation of the act of 1851, the income of the Post
Office Department from printed matter has fallen
ofF neaily one-half. From an amount exceeding
$1,000,000, in 1851, the receipts for postage upon
printed matter have fallen in the last year to about
#GOQ,000, a reduction of nearly one half, under
the operation of the act of 1851.
The reforms we propose consist in the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, in a better regula-
tion of the compensation of postmasters, in abetter
arrangement of the charges upon printed matter,
and in a moderate increase of chaige upon the
late of letter postage; being a compromise be-
tween the act of 1845 and the act of 1851. I ad-
dress myself no w more particularly to the north-
ern section of the country, to the New England
States, to New York and Pennsylvania, the
densely populated and commercial portions of
the Union, and I say to them that it is not right
on their part to refuse the moderate advance we
propose for letter charge, because the necessity
for it has grown largely and mainly,so far as the
charge will be thrown upon them, out of the in-
cieased facilities afforded to them, by which a
greater concentration of commerce upon their sec-
] tion has been effected. The increased facilities,
i the greater expedition, the greater frequency of
I transmission of the mails between the northern
\ commercial cities and the western States, has
natuially indued a greater activity of commercial
intercourse, and increased the commercial trans-
actions centering there.
Mr. President, I have before me numerous and
extensive tables upon almost every point about
which it may be likely that Senators will desire
to inquire; and I would suggest that the vote be
taken separately upon the several divisionsof the
pioposition, according to the subject-mattei, in
order that upon each branch all the legislation we
propose respecting it may be perfected, and the
sense of the Senate taken separately upon it. In
that view I suggest that we take up first the ques-
tion of the franking privilege, relating to which
aie the fu>t six -sections, so that the vote of the
Senate be taken first on those six sections, with
! such amendments as the Senate may think proper
t to Suggest.
Mr". DIXON. I desire to ask leave to modify
my motion. I moved to stnke out the entire
amendment rcpoited by the committee, and insert
a substitute. I desire now, after consultation
with the honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] who has great experience on this
subject, to prese-nt merely the first section of my
substitute, which I offer as an amendment in lieu
of the first nine .sections of the amendment of the
i Senator from Florida. I move, therefore, to strike
i out the first nine sections of the amendment of
| the Senator from Florida, and to substitute for
i them this provision:
That the privilege of franking, sending, and receiving let-
. tor-? and other packages, l'reu ot postage, heretofore extended
to oJileinl and oihei persons, be, and the same n heieby,
■ abrogated
' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The Senator from Connecticut has
' the right to modify his own amendment; and the
question Is upon it in the form m which he has
now presented it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to the Sen-
atorfrom Connecticutto insertin this amendment,
" excepting as to public documents which have
already been ordered to be punted.'*
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will not
modify it in that way. We can provide for them
in some other mode. I do not see why they should
be made an exception. They can be carried by
express. I think we had better take the thing
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well; I am not te-
nacious about it; but I have a considerable quan-
tity of documents at home, and I do not know
what to do with them.
Mr. REID. I see that the title of this bill is,
"A bill for abolishing the franking privilege, and
for other purposes."
Mr. YULEE. That has nothing to do with it.
Mr. REID. Is not that your amendment?
Mr. YCJLEE Yes, sir; but the title of that
bill is no part of this amendment.
Mr. REID. I know that; but the provisions
of this bill, I understand, are offered as an amend-
ment to the post route bill. It says that the frank-
ing privilege shall be abolished. Well, sir, the
mere factof abolishing the franking privilege, un-
less you effect something by it, amounts to noth-
ing, and is worse than useless. If you could cut
oft* expense to the public Treasury by abolishing
the franking privilege, you would effect some-
thing; but if you abolish the franking privilege,
and pay for the communications sent by the per-
sons who now enjoy the franking privilege more
money than their franking privilege costs, you
lose by it; and, therefore, you effect no good, and
your work is worse than useless. You take from
the members of Congress, in this amendment, the
franking privilege; but what do you do? You
require the Secretary of the Senate, and Clerk of
the House of Representatives, at the commence-
ment of each session of Congress, to procure
stamps, to be paid for in money to be furnished
to the members of Congress to pay for their post-
age.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken as to the character of my amendment,if he
is speaking of that.
Mr. REID. I am speaking of the amendment
reported by the Senator from Florida, the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. YULEE. What is the objection to the
proposition?
Mr. REID. I say you propose to abolish the
franking privilege; but you save nothing by it,
because you propose to pay the postage of those
who are now entitled to the franking privilege, in
lieu of it.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly we do.
Mr. REID. Well, does not the Government
lose now? It loses the cost of the transportation
of the correspondence of those entitled to the
franking privilege; and if you pay it, does not
the Government still lose it? Why do you go
through this useless form of requiring the expense
of engraving stamps, at an additional amount of
clerk lure to keep the accounts for members of
i Congress and other Government officials, involv-
ing more expense than you aie now at, and, at
last, you effect nothing by it? I should be in
favor of striking out the sections which the Sen-
ator from Connecticut moves to strike out, if that
could be done without inserting anything else;
for 1 think it would be better for the Government
to let the franking privilege remain as it is now,
than to give members of Congress and officers of
the Government entitled to the privilege of frank-
ing, money or stamps to pay for their communi-
cations through the mail. You do not save any-
thing, it seems to me, by that proceeding. If
you desire to abolish the franking privilege, cut
it off, and let everybody pay his postage, and
then you meet the object; but this way of abol-
ishing the franking privilege, and then giving a
man the money to pay for his correspondence is
; deceptive upon its face, for you thereby expend
; more money than you would do by letting the
'• law stand which gives the franking privilege, in
; my opinion.
| Mr. MASON. I listened with great attention
to the exposition made by the honorable Senator,
; who is chairman of the Post Ofiice Committee,
i showing what would be the financial effect of the
1 amendment which he proposes to the bill. If he
• be right, and if the Department be right, in their
! estimate that it will really reduce the cost of this
! great machine—the Post Office Department—six
