1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
are necessarily required to investigate the expend-
itures of ail the Departments.
If tliis resolution is to pass, I shall feel it to be
my duty to vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senatorfrom Michigan, to insert after
" possible," the words " the expenditures and;"
and also to insert the words " if any" after the
word " abuses," so as to make the clause read:
"A bill reforming so far as possible the expenditures
and the abuses, if any, in the application of the appropria-
tions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to strike out
" the Committee on Finance," and insert " a se-
lect committee, to consist of seven members."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will not agree to that amendment. The
result of it will be to defeat the resolution. If the
Finance Committee cannot pel form the work this
session, a select committee cannot. Any select
committee that might be appointed now would
consist, to a great extent, at least, of members to
whom such inquiries would be somewhat new,
who would have to get all the information, who
are notconversantwith the different Departments;
butthe FinanceCommitteeare accustomed to look
into them. If the amendment be adopted, I shall
consider it as equivalent to a rejection of the res-
olution. I hope it will not be agreed to; but that
the resolution will be adopted as it is.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the amendment will
be adopted; because, if we adopt that, we shall
have the benefit of the experience and extraordi-
nary zeal and economy which the Senator from
Tennessee has exhibited for so many years. He
has been very familiar with this subject, and has
probed it probably deeper than any other man in
Congress. If the amendment be passed, he, as a
matter of courtesy and pailiamentary propnety,
will be the chairman of the select committee; and
I am sincere when I say, that there is no man in
this body, or probably in either House, who is
so fit and appropiiate to probe this wound of the
public, as the Senator from Tennessee; and 1
trust that on this account the amendment will be
adopted,and that we shall have the benefit of his
experience and the interest he takes in this ques-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am very
much obliged to the Senator from Georgia for
his compliment, but I must decline it on the pres-
ent occasion; and I am in hopes the S"iiate will
not make the amendment for the reasons stated
by the Senator. I do not desire any such posi-
tion. I only desire to be a colaborer in this
work, which should be commenced by the proper
committee; and if the Committee on Finance can-
not do it, no other committee can; and the ap-
pointment of a select committee to-day is the re-
jection of the resolution; and it is saying, in effect,
to the country, that we will not commence this
work. I hope the Senate will not accept the
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have no idea
that it is possible that any advance towaids the
object embraced in the resolution of the Senator
fiom Tennessee will ever be attained at all, if the
amendment be adopted. The Committee on Fi-
nance has everheld the entire confidence, not only
of this body, but of Congress, and of the country.
They are proceeding, and will proceed to make
recommendations of all appropriations that may
be necessary, whilst to another committee is now
to be assigned the task of refoimmg beneath their
feet, and striking out from under them the action
which they are recommending. It may be said,
however, that the Committee on I!mance cannot
attend to this business and perfect a scheme of
leform at the present session. It is not the less
true, however, that they can do it at a future Con-
gress. If they cannot succeed now, they may
succeed hereafter. The subject is kind red to those
winch ordinaiily engage their attention. Ihat
committee consists of gentlemen who are selected
on account of their great knowledge in regard to
the expenditures, the revenues, and the finances
of the country. It is now proposed to take this
matter from their hands, and to cieate a select
committee. The consequence will be to cause a
conflict, and to defeat the end in view. This I
believe, will be the result. I do not think a select
committee can be appointed to make war upon the
piesent system of expenditures under this Gov-
ernment, when the Committee on Finance is left
in a position to maintain it, and call on the Senate
to make appropriations for its necessities. I do
not, believe that a select committee can make a suc-
cessful movement in this direction, and I know
that it will not be possible for the Finance Com-
mittee to make a thorough reform at the present
session. Who ever heard of a great reform in the
history of any Government, that was ever accom-
plished within the space of two months?
If the resolution of the Senator from Tennessee
shall be adopted, I do not expect that this subject
will be reported upon and acted upon fully during
the present session of Congress. Reform is a
matter of years; it must take its course; it must
progress slowly and gradually. It can never at-
tain perfection by a quick growth. It can only
attain it by taking the counsel of the wisest and
most matured minds, and those most familiar with
the subject. If you were to force even the Com-
mittee on Finance to act finally at this session,
they themselves could not do it justice. Take a
select committee, unfamiliar with these matters,
and compel them to act at this session, and they
will necessarily come in conflict with the Finance
Committee, and be placed at fault, tmd entirely
defeated in the whole object. I believe the move-
ment made by the Senator from Tennessee is
strictly and legitimately-right; I believe it to be
wise and prudent, and the only process by which
reform can be attained through the action of this
House and the other branch of Congress.
You cannot have a select committee without
leaving off it those members who would investi-
gate the subject if it were referred to the Finance
Committee; and in leading them off you shut
yourselves out from the most eminent ability, ac-
cording to the opinion of the Senate, there is here
to meet and throttle the abuses m the system
which they are contemplating and working upon
everyday. I do not think the Committee on Fi-
nance should be requncd to abandon their legiti-
mate duties by making a full report on the reso-
lution at this session. They will have the benefit
of a very long vacation afterwards to consider all
these matters; and, in obedience to their public
, duties, I should suppose they would give this
question a very serious and constant attention in
the meantime. It is impossible to suppose that
within two months wfe can accomplish a great
; reform in the expenditures, and, I may say, the
I abuses, which have grown up in the length of
time that this Government has been in existence.
It is hopeless to imagine that, within so brief a
space of time, any gieat measure of reform can
be prepared and passed through the ordeal of de-
bate in the two Houses of Congress. But why
not commit the subject to that tribunal amongst
ourselves that is familiar with it? Whynotcom-
mit it to that which we know has the highest and
most perfect experience on it? Why not commit
it to those of our members whose minds are most
devoted to the investigation of that class of ques-
tions? I trust it will not be taken away from the
Finance Committee, wheie, it seems to me, the
confidence of the Senate would at once confide all
serious and difficult questions of tins particular
character. For one, 1 do not feel myself able to
cast my vote for an amendment that shall take
from that committee the power to discharge these
duties, and throw them upon a committee which
will have to come forwaid with its recommenda-
tions without havinirhud the legitimate confidence
of the Senate, or without having been, I think 1
may justly say, legitimately put forward to the
task of leforming the finances of the Government.
Mr. GREEN. As I shall vote in favor of a
select committee, and therefore sustain the amend-
ment now proposed, I deem it proper to remark
that I do not think the honorable Senator fiom
Tennessee has a right to charge those who vote
in favor of the amendment with defeating the
whole object and end that he contemplates.
Air. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of the Senator I will say that the chaige
I make is this: that the effect will be to defeat the
object of the resolution. I do not charge Senators
with the design, but I assume that that will be the
Mr. GREEN. I understood that perfectly. I
diil not understand hnn as lmpunging the motives
of anybody, but only giving it as lus own reason
why he preferred the Committee on Finance, to
a select committee charged specially with this
subject, I shall vote for it for the reasons urged
by the honorable Senator from Vermont, and
the honorable Senator from Virginia, who is at
the head of the Finance Committee, because that
committee is ordinarily charged simply with see-
ing what appropriations existing laws demand.
That is generally the sum total of their duty and
their business; but I shall also vote for the select
committee, for the direct purpose of furthering
the objects contemplated.
It is well known that the scope of inquiry will
embrace subjects not heretofore fully investigated
by a Finance Committee; subjects that have never
heretofore belonged to that committee; and that
they will take hold of them therefore as such in •
the character of new men, as a select commit-
tee would, if one were raised, charged with that
subject. They do not know as much about the
wants of the Army, the condition of the public
service, with reference to that arm of the public
defense, as the Military Committee. They do
not know as much in reference to the necessities
of the Navy as the Naval Committee; but the
scope of the inquiry here contemplated will em-
brace not simply whether existing laws will per-
mit a diminution of the amount of appropriation,
but Whether these existing laws may be repealed,
reformed, or modified, without any injury to the
public service. To answer that question, those
committees having special charge of each branch
of the public service would be most appropriate.
But as there seems to be such an eager anxiety
to effectuate reform and retrenchment, the system
now proposed by the amendment precisely comes
up to the accomplishment of the views of all, so
far as 1 have been able to get them. Thus at the
head of the select committee will stand the hon-
orable Senator who has presented the subject,
who has so fully investigated it, who is so fully
conscious of the fact that many of the present
laws can be dispensed with, and thus save the ne-
cessity of appropriations. Next will come very
appropriately, no doubt, a member taken from
the Post Office Committee, one taken from the
Military Committee, one from the Naval Com-
mittee, and so on throughout the Senate until the
seven can be grouped together, bringing together
an amount of information which no one commit-
tee could possibly command. Thus they will be
enabled to say what laws may be repealed, how
far they may be modified so as to save expense
from the public Treasury, and to accomplish the
reformation which we propose to accomplish.
I think, therefore, a select committee would be
better adapted to the accomplishment of the end
in view than any one standing committee; and for
another reason, the charge or insinuation of par-
tiality for a particular branch of the service spe-
cially commended to any one committee, does not
apply to the proposition now pending. As there
can be but one member from the Military Com-
mittee on the select committee, there will be
enough to overrule him, and you would yet have
the benefit of all his information, the facility with
which he could refer you to the laws, explain the
necessity of their original passage, explain the
present condition of the country with reference to
the end contemplated by those laws, and whether
i they are now necessary, or how far they may be
useless or may be changed. Ail ot this liiforma-
1 tion can come from each branch of the committee,
| and the associated wisdom and experience and
I information of the whole will better be prepared
i to accomplish the end m view than any one stand-
ing committee or any division of the labors ot_it,
'■ because it brings together an association of in-
formation which will enable all ln^gross to make a
! presentation in a report which in'my opinion will
! commend itself to the sanction of the Senate,
i Ao-am: it does not bring up any conflict between
| the report of a select committee and the icpoit of
the Finance Committee. The Finance Comrnit-
i! tee wiil not omit an appropi lation enjoined by
II law; but when the report of the select committee
| comes in and says that law ought to be repealed
hi toto or pro tanto, we shall hear the reasons
uiyed by the respective committees; we shall hear
the' facts upon which it is founded, and the Sen-
ate will decide the matter; and I do not apprehend
i that there will be more weight given to the repre-
| sentations of the one committee than the other,
i They wiil only bo received, regarded, and acted
