214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
upon, as far as they are founded in propriety and
public necessity. Hence I shall vote in favor of
the pending amendment.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I think, if the adop-
tion of this resolution is necessary at all, that the
subject had better be committed to the Committee
on Finance. If we refer it to a select committee,
that committee will, in all probability, not make
a report to this body before about the close of the
session, when it will be too Ute to govern the ac-
tion of the Senate in regard to the appropriations.
Besides, the Finance Committee have a familiarity
with the subject which no other committee in this
body can be supposed to have; and, if it be referred
to them, we may have the benefit of theirconclu-
sions in controlling; the appropriations at the pres-
ent session; but, if you refer it to another com-
mittee, the action of that committee will not afford
to this body any light, perhaps, until a succeeding
session, and by that time the whole matter may
be forgotten.
I feel confident that the Senator front} Tennessee
is honest in his efforts to reform the expenditures
of the Government, and he is entitled to the thanks
of the Senate and the country for his exertions;
but while I shall vote for his resolution, I think
that but little will be effected by it. It would in-
struct any committee to do but little more than
is the duty of every individual Senator. If the
expenditures of the Government are too large,
(and 1 have no doubt of that fact,) it is the duty of
every Senator to endeavor to curtail them; and
how is this to be done ? Lo( every Senator con-
sider himself a committee charged with the sub-
ject, resist the importunities for local appropria-
tions in which his own immediate constituency
is interested, and only vote to appropriate such
moneys as are necessary to carry out the national
and legitimate objects of the Government, and
then you accomplish the end.
If any Senator knows that money has been ex-
travagantly or unconstitutionally expended, it is
his duty to make the charge and to have itinvevs-
tigated. You can produce economy in this way.
Let every Senator determine that he will be eco-
nomical, resist local appropriation's, go only for
those that are national and legitimate, and we can
have economy. But little can bo effected by talk-
ing about economy, it depends at last on the
action of the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment. When you once pass appropriations,
or leave them optional with the Executive, every
one knowsthat it is almost impossible for the Ex-
ecutive to resist the importunities that will be
made to induce the expenditure of the money you
appropriate. Restrict your appropriations, there-
fore, and I know of no committee in this House
whose information wilt enable them at so eailya
day, and in so complete a manner, to ascertain
what appropriations ought to be cut down, and
what reforms ought to be made, as the Commit-
tee on Finance. They arc more'"familiar withthe
subject than any other committee can possibly
be; and if you expcct any good to result ftom the
passage of this resolution at all, I have no doubt
that is the proper committee to make the inquiry.
Mr. PEARCE. As it isnow nearly fouro'clock,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand there arc some
Executive messages on the table, and I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. It will not occupy five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the gen-
tleman from Maryland withdraw the motion to
adjourn? !'
"Mr. PEARCE. I withdraw it for that purpose.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. !,
The motion of Mr. SLIDELL was agreed to; ij
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of jj
Executive business; and, after some time spent!
therein, the doors were reopened,and the Senate !
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j.
Tuesday, January 4, 1859.
The House resumed its session after the recess |
for the holidays, this day, at twelve o'clock, m. ^
The Journal of Thursday, the 2od ultimo, was '
read and approved. i!
CALL OF THE HOUSE. j
Mr. BERNHISEL obtained the floor. <i
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from \
TJtah yield a moment, until the Chair presents a
communication from one of ,the Executive De-
partments ?
Mr. BERNHISEL. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. W e have a very thin
House, there evidentlybeing no quorum present;
and 1 therefore move, in order that the proceed-
ings may go on regularly, that there be a call of
the House.
A Member. Let us have a division.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. Then I call for the
yeas and nays on my motion, which is probably
the next best thing.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 50, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aid, Brayton, Caskie, Chapman, Hor-
ace l'\ Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coming Corning, Da-
vidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dean, Dock!, Dowdelf, Faulkner, Florence.Goode,
Giegg, Harlan, Hams, Ilughcs, George W. Jones, Owen
Jones, Letcher, Lovejoy, McRae, Millson, Montgomery,
Isaac N. Morris, Fteeinan II. Morse, Mott, Parker, Pet tit,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Ueagan, Ricaud,
John Sherman, Singleton, Robert Smith, Miles Taylor,
Tompkins, Vance, VVade, Walton, and Ellihu B. Wash-
burtie—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Branch, Buffinton, Burlin-
game, Burns, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Cox, O'uitis, Davis of
Maryland, Durfee, Farnsworth. Foley, Gidduisjs, Gilmer,
Granger. Greenwood, Hatch, Hawkins. Hill, Keim, Knapp,
Dandy, Leach, Leulv, Matteson, Moi^an, Nichols, Ohn,
Povton, John S. Phelps, Hik-hio, Jloyco, Stanton, Thomp-
son, Israel Washburn, and Woitendyke—37.
So a call of the House was ordered.
During the above call of the roll,
Mr. POTTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Billingiiurst, was detained from the House by
illness.
The roll was then called.
Mr. LETCHER stated that Mr. Ruffin had
been unwell for some time, and therefore unable
to be m the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Shaw, was detained at home on ac-
count of sickness in his family.
The SPEAKER remarked that excuses would
properly be in order after the names of the ab-
sentees had been called.
The Clerk then proceeded to cull the names of
the absentees.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, a
large number of members who have boon m the
Senate Chamber have returned to the Hall; and
as there is m all probability a quorum now pres-
ent, I move that ail further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with.
Mr. COBB. Let the call go on.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a quorum
present?
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not know.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then we had bet-
ter go on until that fact appears. We only had
eighty-seven members present at the completion
of the last vote.
The SPEAKER. There v/ns no quorum pres-
ent on the last call of the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. A great , many
members have come in since.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on the gentleman's morion.
Mr. "SHERMAN, of Ohio. I withdraw my
motion.
The Clerk then resumed and completed the call
of the absentees; when the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Mcs^h. Abbott. Adiain, An (hew?, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Bark-dale, Bennett, ftilhnghui&t. Buiaham, 1>1l-s. ttoniiam,
Bowie, Boyce,Binlinsame,Burnett,Buirou2hs,Oarut(ieis,
Cavanaugh, Chaffee. John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clark
B. Cochiane, Cockerill, Covorto, Cramn. James Ci aig, Bur-
ton Craiso, Crawford. Cuirv, Oamrelf, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dawes, Uewait, Dick, Dui fee, Eihott, English. Fos-
ter, Garnett, GamelJ, GUlis, Gilman, Coocli, Groesbeek,
Robert B. Ilall, Haskm, Hickman, Hopkins, Horton, How-
id, Hrnlei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett. Owen Jones, Keitt,
Kelsey, Kil^ore, Jacob M. Kuwkcl, John C. Kunkel, Law-
rence, Leidy, Maclav, McKihbin, Ituroplney Moi-ball,
Samuel Marshall, Mason. Msleis. Miiiei, Oliver A. Moi-e,
Mm ray, Palmer, Pottle, Powell. R(adj, Kcilly. Kohbuss,
Roberts, ituffin, Russell, ^ava^e, Scales, Seating. Sew-
tiid, Aaron fShaw, Plenty M Shaw, Jwkon W. ^heiman,
Sioklc-. Samuel A Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewait, William Stewait, Talbot.Tap-
pan. George Ta\loi, IVppe, L'ndeiwood, Vallandisrham,
Walbudge, Wnldron, WaitL Waiicn, Watkms, White,
Whiteiey, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, and Augustus K.
Wright.
Air. FOLEY stated that his colleague, Mr.
English, was detained from the Hall by sickness
in his family.
Mr. PURVIANCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Stewart, was detained at home by the in-
disposition of his father.
Mr. GREENWOOD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Warrex, at the time of the adjournment of
the House "over the holidays, was called home by
sickness in his family, and that he had paired off
with Mr. Buss, of Ohio, for one week after the
present reassembling of Congress.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Wood, was detained in New .York
by illness in his family.
T^he SPEAKER stated that one hundred and
twenty-two members had answered to their names.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A quorum
of the House is present, and appears on the roll
call ?"*
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move theft
that all further proceedings under the call be dis-
pensed with.
Messrs. ATKINS and KEITTdesired to know
whether their names were recoided.
The SPEAKER replied that the name of a
member was not lecorded who was not present
at the call of the absentees.
Mr. BARK8DALE. I have no doubt, sir,
that the members who have come in were in the
Senate Chamber, witnessing the ceremonies at-
tending the occupation of the new Hall.
Mr. CCJRRY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I renew it.
Mr. MILLSON. It is obvious that there is a
quorum present, and I hope the motion will be
agreed to.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I think that we can
save time by allowing the members now present
to be recorded on the last roll call. It will s*fve
an hour.
Mr. Morris's motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's call did not
come in time.
Mr. FLORENCE. My purpose was to get
upon the record the names of gentlemen who have
been witnessing the ceremonies this morning in
the Senate Chamber.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, un-
less by unanimous consent, those members can-
not have their names recorded upon the Journal
who were not present on the call of the ab-
sentees.
Mr. FLORENCE. The yeas and nays would
give those gentlemen an opportunity to place their
names upon the Journal.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish the reporters to put
down that I was absent in the Senate Chamber
hearing the speeches of Mr. Crittenden and the
Vice President.
Mr. KILGORE. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, that the gentlemen who are here now may,
if not there already, have their names placed upon
the Journal.
Mr. MASON. Let us compromise the matter '
by allowing those members, who were absent at
the other end of the Capitol, credit for paying
proper respect to the Senate.
ROGUE RIVER INDIAN TREATY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior4 in
ieply to the House resolution calling for state-
ments of amount due claimants under the treaty
withthe Rogue River Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmuting a report of the Register of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the House of the
23d of December, 1858, relative to the expenses
of taking the seventh census of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL CAPITOL OF UTAH.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
