1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Revolted, Tnat the Committee on Tenitories be instruct-
ed to inqtiiTv into tlie expediency of providing for the com-
pletion ot the tcmtoiial capital of Uiah,4hd that said coin-
rrmtee repoit by bill or otherwise.
LAKE HARBORS OF PEW YORK.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am instructed by
the Canal Board of the State of New York to pre-
sent to the House of Representatives a memorial
asking an appropriation for lake harbors connected
with the canals of New York; and I ask the eon-
sent of the House to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce and printed.
Mr. LETCHER. Let it be pi*esented under
the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the printing.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not object to the pre-
sentation of the memorial, but I think it might
as well go in under the rule.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let it be referred,
without the order to print.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. In further execution of the
order of the House at its last sitting, reports from
committees, for the purpose of reference, without
debate, are in order.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back an act (S. No. 207) for the
relief of Mills Judson, surety on the official bond
of the late Purser Andrew D. Crosby; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, re-
ported back the following joint resolution and
bills; which were severally referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordeied to bo
pn nted:
Joint resolution (S. No. 52) for the relief of
William Hazard Wigg;
An act (8. No. 418) for the relief of Captain J.
B. Montgomery; and
An act (S. No. 200) for the relief of George W.
Flood.
Mr. GOODWIN,from the same committee, re-
ported back an act (S. No. 30G) for the relief of
Samuel H. Taylor; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JACKSON, from the same committee, ic-
ported back an act (S. No. 398) for the relief of
William Money; winch was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported back an act (S. No. 222)
for the relief of Jeremiah Moors; and an act (S.
No. GO) for the relief of Tench Tilghnmn; which
were severally referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calandur, and, with
the reports, ordered to be printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass,
a bill (H. R. No. 475) to establish Salem, in the
State of New Jersey, a port of delivery; which
was laid on the table, and, with the report, or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, presented
adverse reports in the following cases; which were
laid on the table and ordered to be printed, and
the committee dischaiged fi-om the further consid-
eration thereof:
Joint resolution of the Iowa Legislature for
ciihtom-housc, post office, and marine hospital at
Muscatine, Iowa;
Petitions of inhabitants of the towns of Adams
Center, Adams, and Chaumont, and others, Jef-
ferson county, New York, lor a breakwater at
Cape Vinceu', New York;
Memorial of citizens of Missouri, piaying for
the passage of an act granting public lands to aid
in the improvement of the Des Monies river;
Petition of citizens of the county of Lake, Ohio,
for an appropriation of money for the repairs and
preservation of the harbor at the mouth ot Grand
river, Ohio; and
Proceedings of a public meeting at the Sauit
Ste. Marie, jVI ichigan, relative to the place and
manner of expending the appropriation made by
the General Government for the improvement of
the west channel of Lake George.
Mr. COMINS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to report a bill making an ap-
propriation for the survey of the harbor of Boston,
Massachusetts. As the bill makes an appropria-
tion, it must necessarily, under the rule, go to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union;
and I ask that it may be printed.
It was so ordered and referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back the following bills;
which were severally referred *to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed:
An act (S. No. 342) for the preservation and
repair of the piers at the mouth of Milwaukee
river, Wisconsin; and
An act making an appropriation for repairing
and securing the locks at the harbor of Chicago,
Illinois.
Mr. COBB. I have in my hand a bundle of
adverse reports from the Committee on Public
Lands, which it would take about an hour to dis-
pose of separately, if there be no objection, I
will send them up, and ask that they may belaid
on the table without reading, und the committee
discharged from the fui ther consideration thereof.
Mr. GROW. Let them be read, so that we
may know what they are. If I am not mistaken,
there is among them a bill to prevent the sales of
the public lands under the proclamation of the
President.
Mr. COBB. I will state to the gentleman that
that bill was withheld the other day, at his spe-
cial request.
Mr. GROW. That request applied only to
that day. If the gentleman is ready, I should
like to have him report the bill now.
Mr. I30C0CK. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that, by the order under which the
House is acting, no reports can be received from
committr.es except for reference to a Committee of
the Whole; and that a motion to lay on the table
is not in order. I do not wish to interfere with
my fiiend from Alabama; but it was designed to
give all the committees an opportunity of report-
ing bills for reference to a Committee of the Whole;
and if we allow motions to be made to dispose of
matters by laying them on the table, the yeas and
nays may be called upon such motions, and the
object of the House in adopting this order may
be defeated.
Mr. GROW.' Is this call being made under
the order adopted befoie the recess ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GROW. Then, I make no objection to
the report of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bouock] that it would
save time to allow these reports to be made m
gross, and disposed of by laying them on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The reception of the reports
in gross was objected to by the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania ran examine the reports privately, and
call up any particular case, it he wishes to do so,
to-morrow, by a motion to reconsidei.
The SPEAKER. The oidur of the House will
be read.
The Clerk read the order, as follows:
" ilcso^i cd, That th" Sppakcr now pioceed to call each
Stato and Teuitoiy,and, upon Mich fall, member? may m- j
liodnec hiilb and resolution-, loi icteresice onlj, .uui with- :
out Ueiiat(.\ or which pieviou- nour.-  lias been invon, and i
such Jlou-e ro^lutiotwn« -hall  oteivn to debate.and j
al?o repoit^ from committeo: ProiidcJ, i\To hill so intro-
duced or reported snail he [nought Ui'ioie the House by a
motion to lcconjidei.''
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not object to the course
the Chair has taken thus morning, but I will say
that my construction of that order would he, that
it terminated on the day on which it was adopted.
I am willing that tins order should be executed
this morning; but I think the House is now pro-
ceeding under the regular call of committees for
reports, under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of a different
opinion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I took it for ponied the
Chair was of a different opinion, or he would not
have so decided.
Mr. COBB. My worthy colleague ought not
to object to my making these adverse reports, for
he will recollect that he himself made adverse re-
ports the other day by the consent of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why, I was just asking that
the rule should be construed so as to admit the
reports of my colleague.
Mr. COBB. That is exactly right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Alabama that it is only m order
to submit such reports as are to be referred to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union
or to a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. COBB. And not those to be disposed of
in any other way ?
The SPEAKER. No.
Mr. COBB. I desire that these cases shall be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to; and the
reports cannot be received.
Mr. COBB. Very well, then; send them back
and let them lie on my table. [Laughter.] They
can lie there just as well as they have done for
the last six months. I merely desired to dis-
charge my duty in making the reports.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not desire
to prevent the gentleman from making his re-
ports. The Chair is only enforcing the objection
of others.
Mr. COBB. Oh! certainly not. During many
years' experience with the Chair, I have found
that he always does his business properly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, imported back Senate bill (tso.
426) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
issue a land warrant to Russell Fitch; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of David Moors, heir-at-law to
Timothy Moors, deceased; which was read a first
and second tune, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed:
Ho also, by unanimous consent, made an ad-
verse repoit, from the same committee, on Senate
bill (No. 421) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to issue a land warrant to Benjamin Ward;
which was laid on the table, and the report or-
dered to bo printed.
tie also, from the game committee, made ad-
verse reports on the following petitions, resolu-
tions, and bills; which were laid on the table, and
the reports ordered to be printed;
The petition of Mary Ann Walker for bounty
land, for service in the Black Hawk war;
The petition of Richard E. Randolph for a land
warrant, for services in the Florida war, in 1856;
The petition of Eliphalet Allen and nine others,
for alteration of bounty land laws;
The memorial of citizens of New Jersey, asking
that the bounty land act of March 3, 1855, may
be so amended as to entitle certain wagoners and
teamsters to the benefits thereof;
The petition of N. G. Howell, for amendment
to the bounty land act;
The petition of the president and directors of
the Peru and Indianapolis Railroad Company,
praying a grant of land for said road;
A bill (If. R. No. 309) granting bounty land
to Andrew J. Fleming, of Gettysburg, Pennsyl-
vania;
A bill granting bounty land to artificers, ship-
carpenters, carpenters, and blacksmiths, employed
under the direction of competent authority many
war in whicli this country has been engaged since
the year 1810;
The memorial of the Metropolitan Railroad
Company, praying the passage of an act incor-
porating said Company within the District of Col-
umbia, &c.;
A bill (H. R. No. 293) confirming the title to
certain lands;
A bill (H. R. No. 397) to amend the existing
laws m relation to bounty lands;
The memorial of the Mayor and Common
Council of Rock Island, Illinois;
The petition of the Burlington and Missouri
Railroad Company, for additional grant of land
to aid m the construction of their road;
The resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Iowa, asking that certain land cutties, made
with warrants and cash, may be confirmed;
