216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
A memorial from the State of Minnesota* fora
grant of land to .aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the confluence of the southern branch
of Root river, by Sioux Falls City, on the Big
Sioux river, via Preston, Carimona, and Forrest-
ville;
A memorial from' the State of Minnesota, fora
grant of land for railroad purposes*, and
A memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota, to aid in the construction of theNin-
inger, St. Peter's, and Western railroad.
Mr, GARNETT, from the same committee,
by unanimous consent, made adverse reports on
the following petitions, resolutions, and bills;
■which were laid on the table, and the reports or-
dered to be printed:
A bill (H. R. No. 99) surrendering to the State
of Louisiana the unoccupied public lands in said
State for the purposes of public education;
A joint resolution of the State of New York, in
relation to a grant of public lands, to secure the
construction ofa canal around the Falls of Niagara;
A joint resolution of the Legislature of Iowa,
asking appropriation for a railroad around the
lower rapids in the Mississippi river, on the
Iowa, or west side thereof;
The petition of L. S. Humphrey, asking com-
pensation for clerk hire, office rent, &c., while act-
ing as register of the land office at Monroe, Mich-
igan;
The petition of three hundred citizens of Battle
Creek, Michigan, asking a donation of land in aid
of the agricultural college of that State;
The memorial of the Michigan State Agricul-
tural Society, asking a grant of land for the same
purpose;
The memorial of Calhoun County Agricultural
Society, Michigan,for the same purpose;
The petition of Frederick W. Fowler and oth-
ers, asking bounty lands on account of alleged
services in the war of 1812;
The memorial of J. K. Miller and others, citi-
zens of Michigan, asking an appropriation of pub-
lic lands for the construction of a wajjon toad from
Saginaw City northward, along the shore of Lake
Huron, touching at Ottawa bay and Thunder
bay, to some point near the northern extremity
of the lower peninsula of Michigan, opposite
Mackinac; and from Sault St. Marie, to some
point on the southern shore of the upper penin-
sula of Michigan, near Mackinac; and
A bill (S. No. 249) to release to the Milwaukee
and Mississippi Railroad Company the interest
of the United States to a certain parcel of land.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, by unan-
imous consent, then made adverse reports on the
following bills,resolutionsand memorials; which
were laid on the table, and the reports ordered
to be printed:
The petition of Charles Mason and others, of
Town, piaying that a ^rant of land may be made
for the construction ofa steamboat canal around
the lower rapids of the Mississippi, similar to
that constructed around the falls of St. Maiy's
river, in Michigan;
A bill to create a land district in the Territory
of New Mexico;
The petition of certain citizens of New York,
praying for the passage of a law to prevent all
further traffic in, or monopoly of, the public
lands of the United States;
The petition of Benjamin Price and others, to
give the public lands to actual settlers who are
not in possession of other lands;
The petition of citizens of Ohio, praying a do-
nation of public lands to actual settlers, free of
cost;
A bill authorizing the purchase of iron safes,
&c., for the re^isteis of the various land offices
of the United States;
A bill to amend an act to authorize the Com-
missioner of Public Land<s to decide cases of
appeal;
A resolution of the Legislature of Washington
Territory, praying an appropriation of land for
the establishment of a lunatic asylum;
The petition of R. C. Foster and others, pray-
ing for a modification of the preemption law, so
as fo permit persons to preempt a homestead even
after they have once owned land;
A resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Maine, asking a distribution of a portion of
the public land among the States for educational
purposes;
A resolution of the State Agricultural Society
of New York, for the distribution of a portion of
the public lands to the States and Territories for
the benefit of agricultural colleges therein;
A resolution of the Kentucky Agricultural So-
ciety, in relation to the appropriating of a portion
of the public domain for school purposes;
A remonstrance of citizens of New York against
the grant of public lands to corporations;
The memorial of George B. Clitherall, register
of the land office at Ottertail City, Minnesota,
praying the passage of an act amendatory of an
act entitled " An let to establish two additional
land districts in the Territory of Minnesota," ap-
proved July 8,1856;
A resolution of the Legislature of the Territory
of Washington, asking for the creation of three
additional land districts in that Territory;
A resolution of the State of New Jersey, ask-
ing for a donation of public lands for agricultural
colleges;
A memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Iowa, praying a donation of land for the purpose
of establishing scientific agricultural schools in
that State;
A memorial of the citizens of township No. 6,
seventh range, eighth west, of Randolph county,
Illinois, praying for a grant of land, or an equiv-
alent in money, in consequence of there being no
sixteenth section in said township;
A petition of the citizens of Connecticut, pray-
ing for the passage of an act to prevent all further
traffic in, or monopoly of, the public lands;
The petition of certain citizens of New Jersey,
New York, and Pennsylvania, in relation to the
same subject;
A memorial of the General Assembly of Iowa,
praying the passage of a law restricting the sale
of pubhc lands to actual settlers;
A joint resolution of the Legislature of Iowa in
reference to the same subject;
A petition of certain citizens of Iowa, praying
that the alternate sections belonging to the Gov-
ernment, and near the railroads of Iowa, be sold
to actual settlers only;
The petition of the Rhode Tsland Society for
the Encouragement of Domestic Industry;
The petition of certain citizens of Iowa, for a
new land office in that State;
The petition of certain citizens of Arkansas,
for the establishment of a land office at Monti-
cello, m that State;
Petitions of certain citizens of Pennsylvania
and New York, in favor of a homestead bill;
A petition of certain citizcns of Illinois, foran
amendment of the preemption laws;
A petition of certain citizens of Vermont, New
York, Illinois, Michigan, South Carolina, and
Indiana, in favor of a bill donating lands to pri-
vate colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts;
The petition of Andrew Murray, praying Con-
gross to give soldiers holding their own warrants
tor land preference in locating them;
A petition of certain citizens of Ohio, praying
a grant of one quarter section of land to actual
settlers in the Territory of Arizona;
A bill (H. R. No. 176) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish the offices of surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to
grant donations to actual settlers therein, and for
other purposes," approved July 22, 1854;
A bill (li. R. No. 409) making a grant of lands
to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of a railroad in said State,
from McGregor, on the Mississippi river, to the
west line of said State;
A joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Iowa, praying for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of the Lansing, northern Iowa
and southern Minnesota railroad;
A joint resolution of the Legislature of Min-
nesota, praying for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from St. Paul, via Min-
neapolis, to the southern boundary of the Terri-
tory, in the direction of the mouth of the Big Sioux
river;
A bill (H. R. No. 407) to establish an additional
land distiict in the State of Iowa;
The memorial of the General Assembly of the
State of Iowa, praying for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from the Mis-
souri river, via the South Pass, to some point in
Washington Territory;
The petition ofW.Loomis and others, of Iowa,
praying that William Rees be permitted to form
a normal settlement, and that lands be appropria-
ted for such se^lement;
A petition of J. K. Cook and others, of Ne-
braska, asking that the restriction which limits
entries, under the act of May 23, 1844, to three
hundred and twenty acres, may be repealed or
extended; and
A bilI(H. R. No. 368) to prevent the accu-
mulation of an unnecessary surplus in the Trea-
sury, and to equalize the grants of lands to the
several States.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, also re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Packwood;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, made an adverse report on the petition
of Nancy D. Holker; which was laid on the table,
and the report ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Maryatt Van Buskirk; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WH1TELEY, from the Committee on
Agriculture, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Denton OfTut; which was laid on the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 417) for the
relief of Willis A. Gorman; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, reported
back, with a like recommendation, an act (S. No
403) for the relief of George Stealey; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
He also, by unanimous consent, made an ad-
verse report, from the same committee, upon the
petition of Theophilus Bruguire, a citizen of Iowa;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back the following Senate
resolution and bills; which were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed:
A bill (No. 380) to provide for the payment of
the claims of the State of Maine for expenses
incurred by that State in organizing a regiment
of volunteers for the Mexican war;
A joint resolution (No. 48) for the payment of
an unexpended balance to the State of Georgia,
on account of military services;
A bill (No. 385) for the relief of the heirs and
legal lepresentatives of Jean Hudry; and
A bill (No. 256) further explanatory of an act
approved August 18, 1856, entitled " An act for
the relief of Adam D. Steuart and Alexander
Randall, executors of David Randall."
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the communication of Hon. John B.
Floyd, Secretary of War, and the accompanying papers in-
viting the attention of Congiess to the claim of the Meth-
odist Missionary Socioty, for land held by them at the Dalles
in Washington Territory, and which land has been taken
for mihtaiy purposes, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, for &ueh relief as may be deemed just and
proper.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, by unanimous consent, reported
adversely upon the following memorials; which
were laid upon the table, and the accompanying
reports ordered to be printed:
The memorial of Alexander W. Reynolds;
The memorial of James Wright;
The memorial of Frederic Mervill;
The memorial of Mauiis Lang;
The memorial of R. W. Duncan; and
The memorial of Dr. John Work.
On motion of Mr. BUFFINTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs bedis-
chaiged from the further consideration of the petition of the
Xikannah volunteers, and that the sanie be laid upon the
table.
