1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
On motion of Mr. BUFFINTON, it was
Orderedt That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from tho further consideration of Senate bill (No.
78) entitled "An act in addition to certain acts granting
bounty land to cettain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in Hie military service of the United States,"
approved March 3, 1855, and that the same be laid upon the
table.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Aldcn and Williams; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely in the following cases;
which were laid upon the table, and the accom-
panying-reports ordered to be printed:
The memorial of S. L. Fremont, late captain
United States Army, praying to be reimbursed
for loss of property on board the steamer San
Francisco; and the memorial of John Shaw, pray-
ing remuneration for losses sustained in furnish-
ing six companies of rangers on the Mississippi
with provisions, ammunition, &c., during the late
war with Great Britain.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following joint res-
olution:
Be ii resolved, That a joint commission of membeis
of Congress and officers of the Army, to consist of oue Sen-
ator, to he named by the Vice President, two Representa-
tives, to be named by the Speaker of the House, and six
officers of the Army, to be selected by the President, as fol-
lows: one officer to be taken from one of the staff corps,
one from the aitillcry arm, one fiom the infantry arm, one
fiom the dragoon aim, one from the cavalry arm. and one
from the mounted rifle regiment, shall be assembled as soon
as practicable alter the adjournment of Congre&b, for the pur-
pose of revising the existing militia and volunteer laws of
the States, and lor the revision of the Army laws, organi-
zation, and regulations; and it shall be the duty of t-aid
commission to present to the next Congress their report,
with such suggestions for further legislation of Congress as
they may deem necessary for the better organization, effi-
ciency, and discipline of the said military forces.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it resolved. That the members of Congress
who may be appointed on this commission *hall leceive eight
dollars per diem as compensation while bitting and engaged
in this behalf, and one half the mileage of meinbeis trav-
eling to and from Washington, where the board shall con-
vene.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. We
had better leave the States to take care of those
things for themselves.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not understand that
the gentleman presents that as aTeport from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CURTIS. I only ask leave to introduce
it as an original resolution.
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not object to that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
whole thing.
Mr. BONHAM. I have a report to make
from the Committee on Military Affairs; but it
is locked up in my desk and I have mislaid the
key; and if there be no objection, I shall ask to
present it to-moirow.
Mr. MARSHALL,of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back Senate bill (No.
371) for the relief of Anthony W. Bayard, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions; which motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass,
an act (S. No. J 28) for the relief of George Pfielps;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back the following bills; which were severaily
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
An act (S. No. 268) for the relief of Aaron Ii.
Palmer;
An act (S. No. 429) for the relief of Jane J.
Wingert;
An act (S. No. 288) for the relief of Miles De-
vine; and
An act (S. No. 137) for the relief of the heirs-
at-Iaw of the late Abigail Nason, sister and de-
visee of John Lord, deceased.
NAVAL AFFAIRS.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent offered the following resolution; which was
read, consideted, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
report to the House, as soon as practicable, first, the number
of officer* of each grade of the Navy and marine corps, des-
ignating the number on the active and reserved list, on sea
duty, on shore and other duty, and waiting orders; second,
the number of seamen, marines, and other employ^ under
charge of the Navy Department; third, the number of ves-
sels of the Navy, designating the number and rate of each
class.
BENEFICTARIES OF THE NAVAL ASYLUM.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the benefit of the
beneficiaries of the Naval Asylum; which was i
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES AGAIN.
Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported bills for the relief of Joseph
McReynolds and of Andulosia Pier; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, presented
adverse reports on the petitions of Nathaniel
Wllbur, Lyman N. Cook, RobertWaycom, Eliza
G. Fisher, and of Benjamin Almon; which were
severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. JEWETT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of the memorial
of James Tidd,andof Loisel Blodgettand others; and that
the first beieferred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, and the second to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill granting a pension to Sarah Black well;
A bill granting an invalid pension to Michael
Hanson;
A bill granting an invalid pension to Anselm
Clarkson, of Missouri; and
A bill increasing the invalid pension of William
T. Broaddus, of Virginia.
He also, from the same committee, presented
adverse reports in the cases of Benjamin Cum-
mingsand William Young; which were severally
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Cn motion of Mr. ANDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pension* be
difchaiged fiom thefuither consideration of the petitions of j
Sally Gill, Maigaiet Guine, Mrs, liaiket Williams, and !
Elizabeth Cheeseman. !
On motion of Mr. ANDERSON, it was !
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pent-ions bedi-*- '
charged from the Author consideration of the petition of
Thankful Chee&ehoro, widow of Elijah, and that the same
be refeired to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to a Com- J
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be i
printed: j
A bill granting an invalid pension to Henry F. j
Bowers; j
A bill increasing the invalid pension of John j
O'Leary; !
A bill granting apension to Gregory Patti; and
A bill granting a pension to Mary J. Maddox. !
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported i
back, with an amendment, Senate bill (No. 411)
for the relief of Ebenezer Ricker; which was re- ,
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and, 1
with the accompanying amendment and report,
ordered to be punted. '
He also, from the same committee, by unan-
imous consent, made adverse reports on the fol-
lowing petitions, (fee.; which were laid on the ,
table, and the reports ordered to be printed:
The petition of Albro Tripp, for an increase of ,
pension; 1
The petition of William Kingsbury, of Stark i
county, State of Ohio, praying for an increase of 1
pension, for services in the war of 1812;
The petition of Valentine G. Wehrheim, of,
Randolph county, Illinois, for an increase of '
pension; !
The memorial of Samuel Crapin,-of Baltimore -
city, askmg for certain relief therein mentioned; ■
The petition of Moses Olmsted, praying for an ;
increase of pension on account of services in the i
war of 1812; •
The petition of Jacobina Keefhaber, for a pen-
sion ; and
The petition of Jacob Sailor, praying for a
pension, on account of disability incurred from
wounds received in the military service of the
United States in the war of 1812.
Mr. BRAYTON,from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back Senate bill (No. 308) for the
relief of M. C. Gritzner; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr.GrOODWIN, from the Committee ofGlaims,
by unanimous consent, (the call of that commit-
tee having been passed,) reported back Senate
bill (No. 428) for the relief of James Myer, with
an adverse report thereon; which was laid on the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to make a report
from the select committee on rules, and that a
special day, say Monday next, be assigned for its
consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
make an inquiry. I understand this committee
propose to report amendments to various rules of
this House. Now the inquiry I wish to make is,
whether when that report comes up, and the dis-
cussion has proceeded for some time upon the
first proposition, the House may not, by a major-
ity vote, call the previous question, and members
be compelled to vote upon all the amendments as
one repot t ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
if no order is taken until the House shall have or-
dered the previous question, the amendments must
be voted on as a whole; the previous question will
operate upon the entire report; but before the pre-
vious question shall have been sustained, any
member may call for a separate vote upon each
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will make this
proposition: that when the report comes up for
consideration, the amendments shall be considered
separately, and the previous question only be con-
sidered to apply to the particular amendment un-
der consideration. When that amendment has
been disposed of, the previous question may be
called upon the next, and so on. I have no objec-
tion to the special order, if that course is to be
taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that only
by such a course as the gentleman suggests could
the House be sure of a separate consideration of
each amendment.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think that is a fair propo-
sition. I have no objection to it.
Mr. RITCHIE. It strikes me that if the House
get into the consideration of a new code of rules,
it will occupy a great part of the remainder of the
session. We have but eight weeks left, and I
think we had better let the next Congress make
its own rules. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope my friend
from Pennsylvania will withdraw his objection.
It is only proposed that a day shall be set apart
for the consideration of the report.
Mr. RITCHIE. It is just that I object to. We
have only eight weeks of the session left, and I
think it better that the next Congress shall make
its own rules.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. We will, lam
sure, Mr. Speaker, save three days for every one
we might lose, if we adopt the amendments sug-
gested by the select committee. Their consider-
ation will notoccupy more than aday, and I hope,
therefore, that the gentleman will withdraw his
objection. I have not the least doubt that the
adoption of the committee's report will do a great
deal towards facilitating the transaction of busi-
ness at this sess'on.
Mr. STANTON. Cannot the gentleman from
Tennessee accomplish the object he has in view
by a reference of the report to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think I
can.
Mr. STANTON. Why not?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We may get up
some unimportant amendments, and in the House
the previous question may be called on the entire
report, so that not one word can be said upon
really important amendments.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. The proposed
