J SCO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr, YULEE. In using the word crude, per-
haps I used a word stronger than I intended.
Kir. DAVIS. Then I will take that back and
come to the point of the case.
Mr. YULEE. I meant an amendment pre-
pared suddenly at his desk to the bill under con-
sideration.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the honorable member
■was a Senator, I brought in a proposition quite
like this. It is not hastily prepared, therefore, as
he supposes.
Mr. YULEE. It happens that I was here be-
fore you.
Mr. DAVIS. Not you.
Mr. YULEE. I am mistaken then. *
Mr. DAVIS. It is so many years that I will
not argue it now. The proposition, however,
which is proposed, is one not of sudden compre-
hension,nor is it so defective as the Senator from
Florida imagines. In order to show its absurd-
ity, he asks, though the head of the Department
has the power still to receive mail matter, how
are his answers to come? Strange, indeed, that
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads should have never learned that
there were modes in which accounts were kept for
the transportation of public correspondence, and
that they were paid for by those who received
them upon certificates of the fact of their being
official in their character. Had he been as famil-
iar with the operation of the Post Office as it ex-
isted a few years ago, as he seems to assume when
he criticises so severely the amendment I offered,
he smely would not, on this occasion, have been
ignorant of the fact that an officer receiving pub-
lic correspondence m many of the departments
of the Government, has been required to keep ac-
counts and render them quarterly, of the amount
paid for postage in that quarter.
Then he presents, as a great grievance, this
matter of the postmasters. I hold it to be none
at all. In the country which he represents, as
well as in that where I reside, our local post of-
fices are utterly worthless unless they give to them
.vome such inducement. Instead of being an oflice
which is sought, the difficulty is to get some one
who will accept it, and is worthy of the confi-
dence. It is an inducement in all the rural dis-
tricts to induce men to retain the position of post-
master who are worthy to hold it. Strike out
that inducement, and many of the local post of-
fices in the south and southwest will be tendered
.so utterly valueless that yoxtcouldget no respect-
able man to occupy if, unless the Congress then
commenced a system of appropriations, and make
cach om a salaiiod officer.
Nor, sir, did I so entirely overlook, as he im-
agines, the operation of this seventh section. I
am utterly opposed to it. I do not choose to give
the advantages to those great routes which he
upon the railroads, and run between commercial
cities to the exclusion of the villages, the ham-
let's, and the border settlements. 1 believe that
the interest of the Government, as well as the in-
dividual, is promoted by keeping up these coach
lams. It was exactly because 1 did not approve
of the principle which that seventh section con-
tained; because I chose to differ from the conclu-
sions of the committee; because I did not choose
to be in the interest of the great commercial cities,
and against the niral districts, that 1 proposed to
•shifce that seventh section out. In eveiy one of
ihese leforms it has been for a consideration suf-
licieiit to myself, which others will weigh and de-
cide upon, I have no doubt, moio wisely than
myself; but which the Senator had no light to
suppose were offered without looking at the con-
sequences which were to follow in the train of
that amendment, if it were adopted. I wish to
maintain the frontier lines, and the frontier post
offices. If that is not the object of this Govern-
ment, 1 say, repeal your postal system entirely;
or, if you will come to the old and densely-settled
portions of the United States, and seek to frame
die power of administering the post office estab-
lishment best suited to them, it would be found
in surrendering the transportation of the mails to
companies and individuals who would come for-
ward as contractors to take it. You may start at
"Washington, you may go to the North or East,
;br every State which lies north and east of us,
and they will there tell you that they would prefer
to have the mails transported on private account.
Thc-y con <pt it done very cheaply to those who
receive the mail matter. It is, as a Government
measure, to answer the ends of the Government
in remote and sparsely-settled regions, where the
communications themselves do not bear the ex-
pense of transportation, that we keep up this great
establishment. I think it a justifiable cause, and
therefore I am opposed to this and every other
feature of this bill, which is to strike down the
mail facilities on the frontier, for the sake of——
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I did not say, nor intend to be
understood, that the Senator had presented prop-
ositions which were crude in their consideration.
I have no doubt that as long back as he 'says he
has, he introduced a proposition looking to the
same end. Nor did I say, or mean to be under-
stood to say, that he had not contemplated the
effect of the repeal of the seventh section. I was
aware he had contemplated that; but I proposed
to him that he should separate the subject-matters
corttained in his amendment; that we should be
allowed first to vote upon those portions of the
bill which relate to the abolishment of the frank-
ing privilege, and afterwards upon the other sub-
ject-matters, separately, comprehended in his
proposition. Now, in respect to the franking
privilege, I still adhere to what I said, that the
provision which he makes, which contemplates
going just as far as the bill itself, and no further,
does not contain all the legislation which is neces-
sary to carry into effect the purpose of the com-
mittee, or his own purpose, and that if the section
proposed by him m substitution of the first five
sections of the bill reported from the committee
should be adopted, he will still be compelled to
adopt a portion of the provisions stricken out in
the first five sections of the bill. He provides
that those who are now entitled to the frankin^
privilege may receive their letters free:
%8nd be it further enacted, That such persons as now have,
bv law, the frankmg pnviieue, shall hereafter be entitled to
receive their mail matter tree of postage.
Although he proposes they may receive mail
matter free of postage, they cannot send it free of
postage; norcan the post offices receive their mat-
ter as the law now stands, unless we pay it; and
where is the appropriation for their payment?
Out of what fund? The Departments have no
fund out of which they can pay them.
Mr. DAVIS. Read the second section.
Mr. YULEE. Well, are you going to impose
on individuals who have business with the Gov-
vernment the cost of postage ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly ! Well, that would
be a very curious operation of the system.
Mr. DAVhS. With the Senator's permission,
I will answer the question—certainly. The man
that has business with the Government, and
wiites to his leprewentative to attend to that busi-
ness for him, when his representative sends him
back a letter, why ought he not to pay his post-
age ?
Mr. YULEE. But, sir, I am not speaking of
correspondence through the representative. Iam
speaking of the direct correspondence of the Gov-
ernment with those with whom it has business.
Who is to pay for that? If the Government de-
sires to make an inquiry from one not its officer,
necessary to the public business; to maintain a
correspondence with individuals upon subjects
necessary to the execution of their official duty,
who is to pay ? IIow is it to be paid ? Is there an
appropriation or provision for it? That appro-
priation must be made. It has been made in the
bill by authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay quarterly whatever is necessary for public
correspondence.
Mr. DAVIS. It is unnecessary. They pay
postage now in many of the Departments with
which I am familiar—pay it quarterly; and the
same fund whiclf pays it now, will pay it then.
Mr. YULEE. Do the Departments pay post-
a&Mr. DAVIS. Clearly.
Air. YULEE. For what'
Mr. DAVIS. I will tell you for what. An offi-
cer receives letters on public business. He an-
swers them on public business; and he must put
stamps upon the answers; and, in his quarterly
account, says, so much for postage. There is not
a quartermaster in the Army who must not pre-
sent quarterly exactly such an account.
Mr. YULEE. Exactly. Those are officers at
a distance; and it is allowed out of an appropria-
tion made by Congress which they are disburs-
ing; but I am speaking of the business of the
Departments. How do you provide, under the
section introduced by the Senator? He will per-
ceive something further is necessary; and what
further is necessary is provided in the bill re-
ported from the committee.. After all, the differ-
ence is altogether immaterial. It is a mere dif-
ference in the phraseology to accomplish the same
end. The phraseology used by the committee is
that which the Post Office Department, after care-
fully considering the matter, have reported best
to accomplish the end. I have no objection if the
same end can be accomplished by other words.
Then, in respect to the local postmasters,if the
proposition of the Senator is adopted, local post-
masters may receive, although they cannot send,
mail matter free. Why receive, and not send,
free? It is abandoning the principle of requiring
a recompense to the Government for all the ser-
vice which it does. If postmasters cannot be ob-
tained in places that do not pay, let them do with-
out post offices.
Mr. DAVIS. Aha!
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir; I say do without theijp.
This is no inducement, and it is a very great tax
upon the Post Office Department. Most of the
small offices outside of your large towns are held
by storekeepers, who take the offices for the pur-
pose of attracting custom, and making their stores
the thoroughfare of the neighborhood; and they
are the persons who make most of the corre-
spondence from the neighborhood, and the tax is
very large upon the Government; and they will
continue to take the offices whether allowed the
franking privilege or not, their motive being to
make their place a public place, ft will make but
a partial retrenchment so far as the object of the
committee is concerned, if you allow twenty-cignt
thousand officers scattered all over the country,
most of them commercial, to use the Post Office
free one way, if they do not two.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the few obser-
vations that I have to make upon this bill, will
relate mainly to the question of the rates of post-
age.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will defer
his remarks until we get to that portion of the
bill. We are not on that question. That is not
the question under consideration.
Mr. WADE. Let us take the vote on this sub-
ject.
Mr. DIXON. I am willing to do that.
Mr. TOOMBS. We are not upon the subject
on which the Senator wishes to speak. He can
wait until we get at it. This is a very important
matter, and we want a vote on it.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it in order to move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The motion of the Senator from Mississippi is
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I will accept the modification.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator accepts the
modification which I present. It is a modifica-
tion of the second section of the amendment of
the Senator from Mississippi, and that section is
in these words:
Jlnd be li further enacted, That all laws and part4* of laws
requiring the prepayment of mailable matter be, and they
are hereby, repealed.
I propose to add:
So far as relates to letters addressed to persons who are
entitled to the franking puvilege under the laws now in
force.
The effect of the Senator's amendment would
be, that prepayment would be abolished entirely.
Now, I am not in favor of abolishing the system
of prepayment. _ I think it has worked well, and
ought to be continued; but it would be very well
to abolish the practice of prepayment on letters
addressed, for instance, to members of Congress,
who,under existing laws, are entitled to the frank-
ing privilege. When a constituent writes to us
on his business, the letter comes to the member
of Congress free of postage. He is not required
to prepay. The Senator writes to him, and then
he has to pay. The Senator does not have to pre-
pay, but the constituent pays the postage of the
