1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
intended to cover. But I make these statements
in order that gentlemen may see, at least so far
as relates to Texas, that these appropriations are
partly covered by treaty stipulations, and by ob-
ligations growing out of the policy this Govern-
ment is observing in reference to the Indians; and
I would also repeat that this appropriation for
Texas is very small, compared with the appro-
priations for like service in other portions of (he
country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I now ask
that my amendment may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the expenses of bringing to the city of Washington,
and to visit tlio principal cities east of the Rocky Mountains,
delegations of the Indian tubes fiom the Terntoriesof Ore-
gon and Washington, the sum of §30,000.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. It is not
necessary for me to dwell much upon the import-
ance of this proposition. It is a proposition look- _ _
ing to the peace of our country; it is a proposition !'pedient to recommend an appropriation, at this
looking to the reduction of the expenses of our j j session of Congress, for that purpose; and in that
Indian service. It has been recommended for Ij opinion the Committee of Ways and Means have
and then you can negotiate such treaties as you
desire. It may then become necessary to sup-
port them until they can support themselves by
agriculture, I believe, therefore, that at the pres-
ent time, the proposition of the Delegate from the
Territory of Washington ought not to receive the
sanction of this House. The information which
I have is, that since the recent vigorous Indian
war in that Territory, quiet lias been restored
amongst the Indian tribes there.
My friend, the Delegate from the Territory of
New Mexico, [Mr. Otero,] where some of the
Jndian tribes are perpetrating outrages upon the
settlers there, and upon emigrants passing through
the Territory, desires very much that some of
those Indians shall be brought here, for the pur-
pose of forming some opinion and of having some
adequate conception of the power and strength of
the Government. The executive department of
the Government, however, have thought it inex-
niany yeais by the officers of that service, by the
officers of the executive department of those Ter-
ritories, and by the officers of the Army. I need
not dwell, on this occasion, as to how much we
have suffered in that country through Indian wars
and Indian depredations; but I will refer to the
fact that this Government has been compelled to
incur large expenses for the protection of that dis-
tant people on the northwestern coast. We de-
sire to do everything we possibly can to reduce
these expenses; and we are satisfied thatif adele-
gation of Indian chiefs, having the confidence of
their tribes, can visit this national capital, and
visit the principal cities on the coast and in the
interior, they will carry back with them a knowl-
edge of the resources, power, and munificence of
our country, which will tend to perpetuate peace
among those Indian tribes.
The Indians upon the Pacific coast differ very
much in character from the Indians cast of the
Rocky Mountains. I speak from my own knowl-
edge, founded upon careful observation. They
have an acutenesa, a power of observation, and
prowess, to which we should pay some respect. I
assure you, Mr. Chairman, that if these Indians,
represented by their principal men—and we have
chiefs there who are the equals of Tecum sell and
King Philip—con visit our cities, see our power,
and feel, as they will feel, that our policy is a
policy ofbeneficenee, a policy having for i ts object
concurred; hence they have reported no proposi
tion looking to the bringing of delegations of In
dians here.
In reference to the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] I think he is labor-
ing under a misapprehension in relation to this
branch of the Indian service. It has been the pol-
icy of the Government, for several years past, to
endeavor to colonize the Indians, and place them
upon reservations detached, if possible, from the
settlements of white men; to endeavor to induce
them to pursue the peaceable pursuits of agricul-
ture, and to subsist themselves. In pursuance of
this policy, various Indian reservations have been
selected in the different Territories; an Indian res-
ervation has also been selected in the State of
California; two or three have been selected in the ,
State of Texas. I say it has been, for several I
years, the policy of the Government to concentrate
the Indians, as much as possible, upon these
reservations, both with a view of economy, and
for the purpose of enabling the different tribes to
command the instruction of the officer, agent,
school-teacher, farmer, smith, and to endeavor to
teach them to subsist themselves.
In consequence of this policy, several years since
commenced, it became necessary, in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Interior and of the Com-
missioner oflndian Affairs, to recommend to Con-
gress to make this appropriation for the purpose
of collecting the Indians in the Territory of New
the civilization of these Indian tribes, they will go ,   „
back there and give that information to their-In- . Mexico upon the Indian reserves theie estab-
dian brethren, and it will do more than all things lished. The superintendent of Indian affairs of
r- t 1 1 i  : 11 .1 _ . 1. . . rP I   « xlf > i iw K T M 1*11 i I
else to relieve us fiom Indian wars; it will do
more than all things else to strengthen the hands
of this Government; to stiengthen the hands of the
officers of your Indian service on that coast, and
to strengthen the hands of the military and civil
authorities. I repeat again, that this proposition
has the recommendation of every mail acquainted
with Indian affairs in theseTerritones. Lookover
the archives of this Government; look at the re-
ports made by the executives, by the Indian
superintendents, and, as I said before, by your
military officers, and you will find one unbroken
column, one single woid, coming from that coun-
try, asking that this delegation of Indian chiefs
should be sent. I need not say more.
One word in re-
that Teriitory, a gentleman with whom I am well
acquainted—ail officer active, vigilant,_and faith-
: ful, and who understands the End lan affairs of that
Territory as well as any other person, for he has
; been an inhabitant of that Territory some twenty-
five years, and was somewhat acquainted with
; the Indians before he went to that country—from
the State of Missouri, has submitted his estimates,
land recommended to the Administration an ap-
1 propriation of $243,500 for the service of the In-
dian department in that Territory.
i As I stated m the few remarks 1 submitted when
| this bill was taken up, the estimate for this inci-
dental service has been reduced by the Secretary
| of the Interior. The aggregate of these was
. $930,039; while the Secretary submitted estimates
for only §438,500. An act is upon our statute-
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri.
ply both to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. . .
Lovf.joy] and to the Delegate from Washington I book providing for this military reserve m New
Territory. If you will examine the roport.of the j Mexico. It it be the policy ol the legislative de-
superintendent of Indian affairs for the Territory
of New Mexico, as well as those of the superin-
tendents for the Territories of Washington and
Oregon, you will find that they have recommended
to the Government the bringing of delegations of
these wild Indians to the eastern seaboard; but
the executive department of the Government have
thought it unwise to recommend to Congress to
make an appropnation for that purpose during the
present session. .
So tar as the difficulties m the Territory ot
Washington are concerned, I believe myself that
they now have peace there, owing to the vigorous
manner in which the recent war in thatTerritoiy
SSStrbe^rth\Tif ; t~bat State"explain that the Secretary of the In-
1 dill one UI moat wnu uc i   t I'StnnrtPR hmittftd hv
partment of the Government to carry out the pol
icy hitherto sanctioned by our legislation, it is
light that this appropriation should be made. If,
oil the contrary, you are willing to abandon it, to
turn the Indians loose from these reserves, and
tell them that you will no longer take care ofthem,
you will soon have war m every Territory and
every State in which you have collected the In-
dians upon reserves for the purpose of teaching
them the arts of agriculture. Hence, I say, it is
unwise to strike out this appropriation.
In reference to the appropriation for the support
of the Indians in the State of Texas, the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Reagan] has explained
the necessity for it; and the Representatives from
peace and quietness with our Indian tribes, the
only way to secure it is to make them feel the
force and power of the Government; to whip them;
tenor has diminished the estimates submitted by
: the supervising agent in Texas. ^ The amount,
! as estimated by iiim, was «>cJ7,186; while only
§40,000 is appropriated in this bill, embracing the
salaries of those agents and their interpreters.
The next section contains the appropriation for
the Indian service in the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon. The next contains an appro-
priation for defraying the expenses of the removal
and subsistence of Indians in Oregon Territory
to the reservation therein, &c. The remarks I
first made are applicable to those three sections
of the bill.
With reference to the Indian service in Califor-
nia, you have the re port ofthe superintendent of In-
dian affairs in that State. He tells you that many
ofthe Indians have been collected upon the re-
serve, and are raising wheat and other means of
subsistence. The late superintendent for Cali-
fornia desired an appropriation of #215,000 for
that service; but, in the opinion of the Executive
Department, $57,500 was adequate for the pur-
poses, m addition to the unexpended balance re-
maining over from the present fiscal year.
If it be the policy of this House to carry out
the policy which we have inaugurated, and which,
up to this time, we have sustained, I think it is
economy to make the appropriations contained
in this bill. I think it will be the means of avoid-
ing Indian disturbances and hostilities in those
States and Territories where it is proposed that
this money shall be expended. If, however, it be
the desire that the military power shall be called
into requisition to keep these Indians in a state
of subjection; if there are persons who desire to
have a war of extermination waged against the
red man, withhold these appropriations, and let
the frontiers bo ravaged by the Indians, and the
peaceful emigrants, going to the Pacific ocean by
the great central line of travel across the conti-
nent, be destroyed. Do this, and I assure you
that in a short time you will find use for our whole
Army and for volunteers to restore peace and quiet
throughout the Indian country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to say
asingle word, not in opposition to the gentleman
fiom Missouri, but rather in corroboration ofthe
truth of his remarks. There has been a glorious
campaign waged in Oregon and Washington,dur-
ing the last season. The hostile tribes have felt
the power of the Government. But let me say to
the gentleman from Missouri, that the gentlemen
who most strongly urge the bringing of those In-
dian chiefs here are those who figured m those
wars. The leaders of those forces, intelligent
Army officers, who have met those Indians in bat-
tle, urge upon the Government the policy of send-
ing forwaid to Washington these Indian delega-
tions. I received by the last moil, from that in-
telligent and able man, Colonel Mansfield, the In-
spector General of the army, and one of the right
arms of the army in Mexico, a letter, stating that
! he had by that mail forwarded a report to General
; Scott, urging the comingon of theselndian chiefs;
j and I have reason to believe, I state it emphat-
! jcally in this presence, that the Commissioner of
! Indian Affairs iooks upon this as an important
j measure for the peace of our distant country.
| I offer my amendment, believing from my own
experience, and from the judgment of other gen-
I tlemen, that it is important as a measure of econo-
| my, and as a measure looking to the permanent
i peace of the country.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means tell
j j me what law, if any, outside of the clauses of ap-
I \ propriation, regulates the amount of the items pro-
j posed to be appropriated in the latter part of this
II bill ? I would l.ke to know how these items are
I1 mode up, and who controls the making of them
1' ^
1. up ?
j; Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In reply to the
!; inquiries propounded by the gentleman from Ala-
:! bama, I have to say that, so far as the making up
|i of the estimates are concerned, they are first
j! submitted by the superintendent of Indian affans
m the particular Territory—New Mexico, lor in-
11 stance. They are revised by the Commissioner of
j' Indian AiTaiis, and also by the Secretary of the
| \ Interior. The superintendent of Indian affairs,
'I who recommends how and in what manner this
! I money shall be expended, also recommends m his
estimates what sum shall be expended at this
i agency and at that agency, and the object for which
:: ifis to be soexpended. He did so recommend; hut
| the Commissioner oflndian Affairs, deeming thj
i I estimates extravagant, has recommended that U.e
