m
1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
On that line in which I approach my residence,
in four-horse coaches, the mail is carried at a rate
at which no man c,an carry it in any other way*
by virtue of the teompetjuon: You cannot carry
it on horseback* or.ip a carriage, or any other
way,at the rate atwhiclvit.is taken by the£e pat-
ties who have the large .coaches.'.
The law as it is, evidently contemplates that the
Postmaster General shall get the-.mailscarried as,
cheaply as possible. He has to consider safety
and celerity in makirtg contracts, and the cheap-
ness of the contract. He is not obliged, under the
law—nor do I think he is authorized under the
law as it now stands—to pay additional compen-
sation for the accommodation of the traveling
public. I doubt the policy of the clause as it
stands. I expressed doubts about it in commit-
tee, bccause you sec at once the cffcct upon the
competition of mail contracts.
So far as relates to my own State, nine tenths
of the expenditure on the railroads, I venture to
say, is already at the very lowest point. Perhaps
I know the service in that State as extensively as
any man, or as any member knows of his Stale,
and whilst I care very little what is the fate of this
section, whether the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi, or that of the committee prevails,
I do not intend to countenance the idea that this
proposition involves the question of two million,
or one million, or half a million. It involves no
such thing, and so soon as you have experience,
you will discover that fact. My observation has
been entirely different from that of my friend
from Minnesota, so far as the mail service is con-
cerned. A gentleman with his large routes, large
contracts, and oveiland mail,&c., may be making
a great deal of money; but generally, so far as
my observation has gone, the amount paid in
the present mode is about as low as it can be
brought.
Mr. FITZPATPJCK. We are very apt, Mr.
President, in these reforms to go from one extreme
to another. In densely-populated States where
lailroads run, this seventh section would perhaps
have no influence; but there is a large portion of
the country that have not those facilities. If you
go to poi lions of the YVest and South and South-
west, you will find many poitioris of the couutiy
that have no uulroads. What is to be the con-
sequence if you agree to this seventh section' It
contemplates simply the transmission of mail
matter in any way m which tin' Postmaster Gen-
eral can have it accomplished. Theic is scarcely
a Senator upon this floor but what has been im-
portuned at tins session and at previous sessions,
for an inciease of the mail facilities, and without
the oidmary facilities of foui-hotse post coaches
or hacks, it is impossible to transmit the mail
matter and the bags containing public documents,
from one place to smother. 1 know, in the section
of country where 1 live, of mail matter that lias
lain there for months, from the simple fact that
there was no vehicle or mail service by which that
matter could be transmitted—documents flunked
and sent out from the Capitol to the constituents
of a particular He pi eyentat ive.
I am as decidedly m favor of reform and le-
trenchment as any man in the Senate. The gieat
difficulty is that ni retiunching and lef'oi nung, we
absolutely tear down, pull down, and destioy,
the public service. The section of country from
which I come, is similar to the section in which
the Senator from Mississippi lives. Lar^e por-
tions of it are sparsely settled, and without these
hacks and post-coaches it is impossible to trans-
mit mail matter that goes from point to point. 1
ask Senators, then, to pause before we tear and
cut down the whole mail service, or do what has
really caused more injury than effected good, it
is no ordinaiy matter to bteak down the entire
mail service. We may tearup everything by the
roots, and leave the country destitute of the facil-
ities to which they hove been accustomed ; but we
should raise the ciamorand difficulty whichensuc
on reforms of this kind, it is the settled con-
viction on the minds of Senators that we must
retrench; bat we should be cautious, and not re-
trench too much. The people have been accus-
tomed to mad facilities. They have been extended
with a liberal hand by the present Postmaster
General, and other Postmasters Geneiai, and if
you should now cut down all the post coaches,
look at the effect it is to have upon the mail eon-
tiactois, who have embarked m these contracts;
look at the effect it is to have upon the country,
and the clamor that is to come to the Halls of
Congress.
I Sir, Senators should pause before they do all*
this.- I tiiink it would be,best for the service to
•adopt the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Mississippi, and not by one stroke of this
kind,destroy the mail service in many portions
of the country. As I remarked, it will not be
felt so seriously by the densely-populated por-
tions of the Union where they have railroads run-
ning in every direction; but large portions of our
country are deprived of those advantages. When
we undertake here to tear down, cut loose, and
turn adrift this service on the country, ami de-
prive a citizen of the advantage of mail service,
it is no ordinary matter, and it will not be ordi-
narily felt by those who represent that portion
of the country thus deprived of those facilities.
Now, sir, I called for a division of the amend-
ment. I had supposed that it was not an amend-
ment to strike out and insert. I understand now
that it is. i am aware that if such be the fact
my motion would not be in order. I supposed
j it was an independent amendment offered by the
Senator fiom Mississippi; and hence I cannot
make the call, unless by the common consent of
the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I suggest that we can accom-
plish the object of the Senator by an amendment
which 1 hope the Senator from Mississippi will
adopt; that is, to confine the motion to strikeout
to the first six sections or the first five sections,
and leave the seventh section to be acted on af-
terwards.
Mr. DAVIS. I will accept the modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, to strike out the first six sections
and insert as has been read.
Mr. PUGII. The amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi, it seems to me, retains the
worst features of the present system. Persons
write to Senators here for their autograph. I have
no doubt all of us are troubled that way as 1 am,
and if every idle letter that is sent to us shall come
free, and, in older to signify that your answer
shall go fiee, you must frank it or mark it in some
way, it brings us back where we started. When-
. ever a man writes a letter, he ought to pay his
; own postage. If it is a friend whom i Seem
j worthy of beins answered, I will put a stamp on
| the answer. If it is a mere question addressed for
information or anything of that sort, it is as little
I as can be expected that the person should inclose
: a stamp. It is done constantly in private life. I
think the amendment of the Senator ought not to
j be adopted, and I shall ceitainly vote against it.
j Mr. 1VERSON. The Senator from Ohio is
| mistaken us to the cfFcct of this amendment in one
| respect. The effect of the amendment is, that as
: members of Congress are now entitled to the
! franking privilege, letters addressed to them here- j
. after shall be piepaid. It does not preempt per- ■
j sons from prepaying the postage of letters to
| members of Congress, but letters that members
| of Congress address back to their constituents are
I not to be prepaid; it throws the postage upon the
i constituents. To he sine, you have to make some
! mark upon the letter, to show that the person :
. who writes the letter is entitled to send it with-
i out prepaying postage, but it does not relieve the :
party  # .
! Mr. PUGII. Is not that the franking privi-
; le^e5
; Mr. IVERSON. That is notthe franking privi-
: lege. It does not deprive the Government of the
postage at any time, because the person to whom
: the letii r is addiessi d must pciy the postage, be-
' fore it is taken out of the post office. It does not
' deprive the Post Oifiec Depai tment of the postage.
■ It only relieves a member of Congress from pay-
mg the postage, when he responds to a letter ad-
dressed to him by an individual on his business,
i! That seems to me to be right.
j! Mr. TOOMBS. I am very anxious to get a
i; vote, and do not wish to occupy time: but I do
i not think wo should attempt to get rid of the Utile
II postage that comes upon members of Congress,
r if we agree to do tins, it will do us harm. Not
j[ one Utter iu sixteen a member writes, that is not
:■ on las business or friendship. Tim assertion that
j the public, business imposes a heavy correspond-
. ence upon him amounts to nothing alali. i think
it is a small business to work off ourselves the
little pittance of prepaying the postage of letters
that we write to the people, because we choose to
write to people.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desired very much, if
we could, to have passed upon these several points
by themselves. Now, 1 understand the proposi-
tion is not merely about the franking, but also in-
cludes another very important feature in relation
to general policy, and that is star bids.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is cut off.
Mr. YULEE. It is confined to the franking
privilege.
Mr. COLL AMER. Then I do not care to talk
about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the amend-
ment propose to strike out?
Mr. YULEE. The first six sections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion, as modified by the Senator from
Mississippi, to strike out the first six sections,
and insert what has been read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make one re-
mark. I will not make any speeches about it. If
Senators wish to abolish the franking privilege
entirely, I am ready to go with them. I have made
up my mind about that. I am ready and willing
to dispense with the whole of it*, but I am averse
to any dabbling with it, and keeping a little hare
and there. Let us get rid of the whole thing, and
strike it out, and not make a half and half busi-
ness of it.
Mr. SMITH. I should like to understand what
the question is. I hope the amendment will be
read, in order that we may understand what the
question is.
The Secietary read it.
Mr. KING. That, it seems to me, is abolish-
ing the franking privilege; retaining, however,
the right to all persons who now have if, to re-
ceive whatever they may receive through the mail,
free, which is just no abolishment at all. I move
to strike out the last clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair that would not be in order, the pend-
ing amendment being an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. KING. Then I shall vote against it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say to the Senator
from New York that, if I hear him correctly, he
misapprehends the import of the amendment. It
allows a Senator no franking privilege whatever
—not a particle of it.
Mr. KING. But it leaves him the right, as I
understand it, to receive whatever comes to him
through the mail free of charge.
Mr. DAVIS. Precisely.
Mr. KING. I call that franking.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not call that franking. I
call it receiving matter free of postage; and as a
public agent, who should not shut himself from
being approached by the people, one upon whom
they have a right to call whenever they think
proper, to whom they have a right to give in-
formation which affects the public interest end
which they require to be transacted by him, I
think it proper that they should have the right to
approach him without piepayment, and that he
should have a right to receive it without paying
for it.
Mr. CLAY. I do not intend to make a speech,
but I desire to say, I do not wish the people to
be empowered or unprivileged to write to me
without prepaying their letters. I get a great
many more than I care to read that come free.
As far as my constituency are concerned, I be-
lieve, I can say safely, near half, more than half
prepay their letters. I do not think that anybody
who has anything to communicatc worth bem'g
told or read can object to prepaying three or five
cents. I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. SMITH. The postage upon mail matter
from Oregon costs some three hundred per cent.,
and upwards of that, more than of any Atlantic
State. Whilst wo are endeavoring to retrench,
if there be any reason for retrenchment, I hope
we shall make a clean breast of it, and abolish
this franking privilege altogether. Gentlemen
here say this is not the franking privilege when
the matter comes to you free; but in my judg-
ment that is a distinction without a difference.
So far as the revenues of the Department are con-
cerned: so far as the Government is concerned, it
is practically a franking privilege. Your constit-
