222
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a statement prepared by
a Register of the Treasury, exhibiting the receipts
and expenditures of tho United States for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1858; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
-Also, a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a copy of a letter, of the
8th of April last, from the Minister of the United
Statess in China,-and of the decree and regula-
tions accompanying it, for such revision thereof
as Congress may deem expedient; which was re-
ferred to th£ Committee on the Judiciary, and the
message and accompanying papers ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from, the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting a statement of contracts
made under the cognizance of the bureau of docks
and yards, for the Navy Department, for the year
ending June 30,1858; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, covering a statement of payments for dis-
charging miscellaneous claims, not otherwise pro-
vided for, during the year ending June 30, 1858;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mis-
sissippi, the House (at twenty minutes past four
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 5,1859.
Prayer by Rev. S. D. Finckel.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before tho Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of a letter of the 8th of
April last, from the Minister of the United States
in China, and of the decree and regulation which
accompanied it, for such revision thereof as Con-
gress may deem expedient pursuant to the sixth
section of the act approved 11th of August, 1848;
which was, on motion of Mr. Pugii, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary; and a motion
by him to print it was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in obedi-
ence to law, a statement of the contracts which
have been made under the cognizance of the bu-
reau of yards and docks, during the year 1858;
which was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion by Mr. Mau.ory to print the report was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
lie also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of December
23, 1858, calling for a statement showing the
amount yet remaining due to claimants and un-
provided for, under the third article of the treaty
made with the Rogue River Indians, of Oregon
Territory, on the 10th day of September, lb53,
as ascertained by commissioners appointed for
that purpose; which was, on motion of Mr. Se-
bastian, referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
chief clerk of the Court of Claims, returning, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
papers in the case of Frederick Vincent, executor
of James Lccaze, surviving partner of Lecaze &
Mallet; which were, in puisuancc of an order
formerly made, referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CLAY presented the credentials of the
Hon. James Ciiesxut, jr., elected a Senator of
the United States by the Legislature of South
Carolina, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of the Hon. Josiah J Evans; which were
read; and the oath prescribed by law having been
administered to Mr. Chesxut, he took his seat
in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of residents
of Georgetown, District of Columbia, praying
that the Metropolitan Railroad Company may be
authorized to construct their road from George-
town into and through the city of Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
He also presented five petitions of citizens of
Washington, praying that the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company may be authorized to construct
their road along Pennsylvania avenue to the Bal-
timore railroad depot; which were referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented aletter,addressed
to him by A. G. Miller, United States district
judge for Wisconsin, showing the necessity of a
law to authorize the district courts of the United
States to appointcommissioners; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of William Hen-
ry Brisbane, of Wisconsin, formerly a citizen of
South Carolina, praying the enactment of a law
by which negroes born in the United States, and
not convicted of crime, may become citizens;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of William
Gaston Pearson, asking indemnity for injuries to
a'certain mill and water rights, done in the exe-
cution of an act of Congress for supplying the
public buildings with water; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
He also presented the petition of Dorothy Hyre,
widow of Michael Plyman; the petition of Isaac
Outright; the petition ofElizabeth Knight, widow
of John Knight; the petition of Jacob Riffel; the
petition of Henry Schoonover; the petition of
Samuel Warner; the petition of George Butcher;
the petition of Mary Bickel, widow of George
Bickel; the petition of Phebe Noose, widow of
Jacob Noose; the petition of Elizabeth Myers,
widow of Andrew Myers; the petition ofEliza-
beth Tcnnant, widow of Peter Tennant; and the
petition of Isaac White, severally praying to be
allowed a pension; which weie referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington, residing in the southern portion
of the Fifth ward, praying for certain improve-
ments on New Jersey avenue; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
lie also presented a resolution of the Corpora-
tion ofGeorgetown, District of Columbia, in favor
of the construction of a permanent bridge over the
Potomac river upon the piers of the aqueduct of
the Alexandria canal; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. 1VERSON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Georgia, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Ellijaz, by way of
Jasper, in Pickens county, and Ball Ground, in
Cherokee county, to Canton; also, in favor of the
establishment of a mail route from Eden, Effing-
ham county, to Harrjll vi He, Bullock county, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, iJnd ordered to be
printed. «
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, in favor of the establishment of a
tri-weekly mail line from Canton, in Cherokee
county, via Fort Buflington,Orange, Ophir, High-
tower, and Barrettsvillc, to Dawsonville, m Daw-
son county, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, in favor of the appointment of a
commission for the purpose of obtaining inform-
ation of the southern pine timber region of the
\< United States; which was referred to the Com-
jj mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
| He also presented 'a resolution of the Legisla-
i| ture of Georgia, in favor of the establishment of
a national armory within that State; which was
' referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, in favor of the enactment of a
law to refund the various sums advanced by that
; State hi the prosecution of the Indian wars and
, the last war with Great Britain; which was re-
j ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
| the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
I Mr, POLK presented the petition of Napoleon
i Koseialowski, captain of a company of Missouri
volunteers in the war with Mexico, praying that
hjs company may be allowed three months' extra
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented three petitions of
citizens of the Fayetteville land district in Ar-
kansas, praying that the land office at Fayette-
ville may be removed to Huntsville; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Fred-
erick E. Sickles, praying that his application for
an extension of his patent may be referred to the
Commissioner of Patents; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
He also presented resolutions of the Chamber
of Commerce of Appalachicols, Florida, praying
the improvement of the harbor at that place, and
the erection of buildings for the use of the custom-
house, court-house, post office, and marine hos-
pital; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BRODERICK presented the petition of
William Richmond, a soldier in the war with
Mexico, praying a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
petition of citizens of Arkansas, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Champagnolle
to Atlanta, in that Slate; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Ark-
ansas, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Mount Ida to Hot Springs, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
Benjamin Page and Henry E. Page, heirs of Cap-
tain Benjamin Page, deceased, praying indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 1800; which was
ordered to lie on the table, a bill having been re-
ported on the subject.
Mr. BRIGHTpresented a memorial of the pres-
ident and directors of the Leavenworth and Fort
Gibson Railroad Company, and the Pacific and
Pueblo City Railroad Company, praying permis-
sion to run the line of their roads over Indian
lands, on certain conditions; which was referred
to the Committee oft Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate, instructing that committee to inquire into
the expediency of a law authorizing the marshal
of the western district of Arkansas to employ
assistants and guards in serving process on the
Indians, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Fannie White, widow of C. B. White,
a military storekeeper, praying for a pension,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
POST ROUTES IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlip Committee on the Po«st Office and Po<?t
Roads be instructed to mquue into the expediency of estab-
lishing post loutes between the lollowmg points: From
Gccj-eviilc, Pope countv, in Arkansas, to Ja«pcr, Newton,
county, in said State; fiom UltimaThuie, Sevier county.
Arkansas, to Boston, Bowie county, Texa^ ; from Reveille.e
to Cautliron's Piamc, by way of Sugar (Jieek, all in Ark-
ansas; from itu-ssPlIvdle, by Dover, ltockhill, Geesoviile,
Holland, and Cauollton, in Aikansas, to Forsyth, in Mis-
feoun; fiom Fiemont, Onaelnta county, Arkansas, bv way
of Lisbon, Atlanta, and Pinson, to Valuer's; from Hunts-
ville, m Madison county. Arkansas, to Springfield, in Mis-
souri.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. SEWARD. I submitted the other day a
resolution to instruct the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to inquire if any amendments were neces-
sary to the laws prohibiting the African slave-
trade, to which objection was made by a member
of the Senate. On consulting him, I am author-
ized to believe that the resolution, in the form
in which I now propose to amend it, will meet
with no objection; and I therefore move to take
it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, Tbat the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
