1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Territory since 1840, and the expenses that have
been incurred in each of them for transportation
and for other expenses; and that resolution, so
far as I am informed, has not yet been answered.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir, it has not, because the
clerical force has not enabled them to do it. There
are fifteen or twenty clerics engaged upon it.
Mr. HALE. I do not mean to attribute any
fault to the head of the Department in not an-
swering it. I simply mention the fact that it had
not been answered as a reason for the Senate's
pausing in making the important change indicated
by this ninth section now. I think if we arego-
ing to make a reform, this is the last place we
ought to touch. We ought to begin to cut off the
other expenditures and reform other abuses be-
fore we begin to increase the burdens upon the
people.
Now, sir, in reference to one single subject.
The present Postmaster General, in answer to a
communication sent to him by the Senate, asking
him to report such changes in the laws regulating
postages and the Post Office Department as, in
his opinion, would make that a self-sustaining
Department, recommends, in the first place, the
observation of the existing law; and, he says, if
the law, as it now stands upon the statute-book,
could be carried out, there would be a saving of
$1,000,000 annually. Here, then, by the confes-
sion of the head of the Post Office Department,
it has been, for the last fourteen or fifteen years,
spending $1,000,000 annually without law and
against law, and 1 refer to this section that is so
much talked about, in regard to the mode of trans-
portation. Aslongago as the 3d of March, 1845,
the Congress of the United States enacted:
u That it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General, in
all future letting* of contracts for the transportation of the
mail, to let ihe name, m every case, to the lowest bidder
tendering sufficient guaianti-es for faithful performance,
without other reference to the mode of such transposition
than may be nccessary to provide for the due celerity, cer-
tainty, and security of such transportation."
That was the law passed on the 3d of March,
1845, and the Senator from Rhode Island says
that in the lettings which took place immediately
subsequent to that, that is the summer of 1845,
and which comprised the Northeastern States,
that the Postmaster General administered that
law according to the way itstood upon the statute-
book. Well, sir, the next year ho had another
batch to advertise for; and I will tell you what
he says upon that. I will read it. This is an ex-
tract from the appendix to the Postmaster Gen-
eral's proposition for contracts, dated the 8th of
January,1846:
"2i3. Since the passage of the act of March 3, IP13, a new
description of hid lias been received. It specifies no mode
of conveyance, but engages to cariy the mail with cer-
tainty, celerity, and security, using the teims ot the knv.
These bids are called, from the manner in which they are
designated on the books of the Department,' Sun bids.5 It
1ms been decided, after mature consideration, that a bid pro-
posing a specific mode of conve><uice of as high a guide as
two-horse coach transportation is to be ptelerred to the itav
hid. The experience of the Dcpaitment enables n to lay
down the following rules, vi/.:"'
He then goes on to make regulations inviting
proposals for two-horse coaches, and four-iiorse
coaches, in express contravention to that law; but
he says it has been decided, after mature consider-
ation, to do it; that is, after he had administered
the law as it stood upon the statute-book with
reference to the Northeastern States, he came
here and said, after mature consideration, they
had concluded, in substance, to disregard them;
and the Postmaster General this year, m his let-
ter, says, on these reforms:
" The first of these was that Confess should more em-
phatically declare that heiealter the Po^tmastei General,
m adverhsingand accepting bids for inail service, shall have
no reference to the conveyance of passengers oi height of
any kind other than regular mail matter. This is piobably
the meaning of th*  present law; but no Po^tmabter General,
since its enactment, has been able to resist the opposite con-
struction."
Those who contracted to run two-horse coaches
or four-horse coaches at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, made such a pressure to bear upon the
Postmaster General, that he concluded to disobey
the law and obey the contractors. Let him re-
form that. That is a saving of a million to begin
with. Then there is another matter in which
there could be a great saving, and that is in the
matter of railroads. I think that the law making
every railroad a postal route ought to be repealed,
for the pressure was such, that notwithstanding ;
the statute gave the Postmaster General discre-
tion about carrying the mails, he has made every
one a post road.
Mr. YULEE. He is obliged by law, the other
Vay.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon of the chairman of
the committee.
Mr. YULEE. That is the understanding.
Mr. HALE. Well, I will read the la^/:
"Jlnd, be it further enacted, That each and every railroad
within the limits of the United States, which now is, or
hereafter may be, made and completed, shall be a post
route; and the Postmastei General shall cause the mail to
be transported thereon: Provided, He can haveit done upon
reasonable terms, and not paying therefor, in any instance,
more than twenty-five per centum over and above what
similar transportation would cost in post coaches."
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will look further,
he will find a subsequent enactment which spe-
cifies it.
Mr. HALE. If there is such a law, it ought
to be repealed.
Mr. YULEE. That makes it so.
Mr. HALE. I ueg pardon; but I went to the
Department, and they told me there was not a
subsequent law. I may be mistaken; but if this
is the law, it ought to be repealed; because the
result is, that upon those roads where we get the
least accommodation, we have to pay the highest
price. Take, for instance, the transportation of
the mail between the city of New York and the
city of Philadelphia. The Post Office Depart-
ment told me, and notified the Senate, over and
over again, that they are powerless; they can
do nothing; and that road runs just as they please,
and just exactly <is rapidly as they please. We
are paying on that road over $450 a mile for
carrying the mail, when the highest price that
is paid to any railroad company in the State of
Wisconsin does not come to eighty dollars a mile.
That law ought to be repealed. There is no rea-
son why we should pay §450 a mile between
New York and Philadelphia, where we get the
least accommodation, when there is no road m
the whole Union which is paid anything like that
sum. We want a reform there.
Then there is a monstrous abuse in regard to
steamboats. It costs about seven cents a mile,
by the report of the Postmaster General, to carry
the mail in post coaches; ten cents a mile in rail-
roads, and twenty cents in steamboats, taking the
whole country through. I do not know how and
why it is that steamboats receive three times as
much as post coaches, and twice as much as rail-
roads. I am told by my friend from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] that ocean steamers get only
two cents, and in the whole United States we are
paying for steamboat conveyance of the mail
twenty cents a mile. These are abuses that ought
to be corrected.
There is another great abuse that has grown
up, and that is in the multiplication of these route
agents. Cut off all these abuses; begin with them;
and then abolish the franking privilege. I am
for it with all my heart. It takes about twenty-
five percent, of my time, when at home and here,
to attend to this flanking privilege. It is the
greatest boic and burden you could impose upon
a man. I do not know how the people will like
it; but I, for one, would be glad to be relieved of
it, and would pay $100 into the Treasury, if I
could not get rid of it in any other way; but I
doubt very much whether it will be popular with
the people, after all. I would cut it oif just as
they did in England. When they reduced the
postage in England, they cut oif the franking
privilege, root and branch, so that the Queen, I
believe, pays her own postage. I would do that.
I would cut off the whole franking privilege, and
have no substitute about it. I would not have
the Government of the United States conveying
bags or passengers. They should not enter into
that; but should carry out the law as it is, hon-
estly, without any reference to the accommoda-
tion of the public and the transportation of bags,
or, as the Senator from Texas says, of their per-
sons. It should not be done. When we have
done that, and knocked off these abuses, I be-
lieve you will find no occasion to increase this
rate of postage.
Further than that,letme tell you another thing
which has a tendency to keep the rates of postage
down, and will increase one hundred per cent,
the moment you raise the postage; and that is, the
great amount of mail matter that is carried out- ;
side of the mails by expiess companies. That J
has been the great thing that has kept the reve-
nues down. It is keeping them down now. If
you increase this rate of postage fVom three to
five cents, from this cause alone the revenues from
letters will decrease.
One other matter: the Post Office Department,
instead of enforcing, as they might do, the rule
requiring all mail matter to be carried in the mail,
gives great facilities in this very bill, if I mistake
not, to carrying the mail matter outside of the
mails—I mean newspapers. License and permis-
sion is-given by the act to transport their papers
outside of the mail; and those very papers are
abusing us for the abuses of the mail, if some
of these reforms were introduced, I believe we
might refrain, at least to the commencement of the
next session, from laying this additional burden
upon the people. Let us begin to remedy the
evils that do exist, and see if there is not such a
reform as will supersede the necessity for raising
the postage.
There is another great abuse, and I am sorry
to be obliged to call attention to it. I think the
country will be astonished at the announcement
of the fact -which I am now going to announce;
and that is, by the bills reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, we pay
just as much for driving an empty wagon from
Memphis to San Francisco, across the plains, to
carry nothing, and bring nothing back, and get
nothing forit, as we do for the whole ocean steam
service of the United States, with all the rest of
the world together. We pay, for driving that
wagon from Memphis to San Francisco, $600,000;
and that is precisely the sum which the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads have ift-
structed the chairman of the committee to report
as the maximum of compensation that they will
pay all the lines to carry our mail matter to all
the kingdoms of the world. I think that is a
great abuse, and one that ought to be removed.
In addition to that, we have two or three other
—I do not know how many; perhaps the chair-
man of the committee can tell us—overland mail
routes to San Francisco; and I believe there is
pending before Congress a bill for another, and
that is one to go from the head of Lake Superior
and St. Paul over to Puget Sound.
Mr. YULEE. The overland service costs, I
think, about twelve hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. BRODERICK. Where ?
Mr. YULEE. Between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific, including the way points at Utah and New
Mexico. The principal part of that expense,
though, has been, by legislative enactment, im-
posed upon the Department.
Mr. HALE. I am not finding fault with any-
body, but showing what the state of the ease is.
Mr. YULEE. About twelve hundred thousand
dollars is the amount.
Mr. HALE. About twelve hundred thousand
dollars for this overland service, and that is ex-
clusive of mail facilities by steam to California.
Now, sir, X do not want to mention this as any-
thing invidious to California, but I mention it as
a burden that ought not to be imposed upon the
Department, and then the revenues to bear this
burden be raised by increasing the rate of postage.
I appeal to Senators, and ask if it is not more
rational and more statesmanlike, and the more
economical course to take, to begin by reforming
abuses which we know do exist, and compel the
Postmaster to carry out the existing law, and if
it is necessary to pass an explanatory act to re-
enact it, why let us do that. When we have cut
off these abuses, abolished the franking privilge,
and done all these things, then 
Mr. POLK. I am very reluctant to interrupt
the Senator from New Hampshire, but I raise a
question of order. His proposition is to strike
out the ninth section, which has reference exclu-
sively to the rates of postage.
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
Mr. POLK. Instead of that, the Senator is
speaking about the expense of the overland mail
routes, and matters that do not affect the rates of
postage. I want to get a vote on the questions as
they go along.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear the point of
order decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) It is very difficult to determine the
range of debate. The Chair thinks, in this case,
it is not competent for him to say that the range
