THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1859.
New Series....No, 15.
felt at subsequent periods—the power he had to
attach to him the young. I was a school-boy; he
road Spanish with me, and impressed me by this
peculiar trait in his character which endeared him
to youth, and which caused so many manly cheeks
to be wet with tears u hen his death was an-
nounced in the country where he was bestknown.
His career in the profession of the law was one
of rapid advancement. lie was not only among
the fiis-t in bn piotcssion at the bar where he
practiced, but he* was soon elevated by the pop-
ular judgment to -lie post of chancel'or. He min-
gled with the aid nous hdjors <>f the lav/ the pur-
suits and the cares of a planter. He also, prompted
by that r,:i!11mM;:!:i which turned him aside from
his own avo-suons to those of general import-
ance, eniioy-'d in the public affairs of the State;
was a nil mber of the Legislature in both lis
branches; presiding officer, at one time, of the
Senate; at; j the Governor of our State; thus bav-
ins, as it Wer-". completed the circle both of polit-
ical and of legel positions within the hunts of the
State of which he was a citizen. We lima see a
northern outh, thrown off into the extreme por- i
tion of the Union from that in which he was born, i
associated with men not only strangers to him, j
but without any knowledge of any porlion of his j
family, raising him slep by step Lecatiie of the I
merit and patriotism which he exhibited to all the j
distinctions vkich H was in their power to con-
' fer—a beautiful tribute to the fraternity which
binds the American people together, and the Con-
stitution, which gives equahiy of privilege and
immunity to the citizen of each State who may
choose to reside in any cnhei. His last political
office ivas that of a member of Congress. It was
in that position that he became associated with
us here. lie was always active, always labori-
ous. He addressed himself to the useful labors
of the Iiody of which he was a member. Go
sought nut to render himself conspicuous by tre-
quently apof enng in d^ba'e, ror by dehveimg
studied orations; but he adtiies^'ed himself to tile
useful lebois of the couimittee-ioom and the cur-
lent bus.niss of the ilouse of wmcIi he was a
member.
I feel that I hazard little for my intercourse
with members of the Iloese of which he was a
member, in sayintr that he has left behind hnn the
resneel as well of political opponents as friends,
the* n pret < f ell who knew him well, and maiked
in his deadi the loss o: a familial pnolic servant. ^
Earnest, liepuisned his unties though his health j
was impaired and life was steadily waning away;
and ihus he continued to devote hmiseh to the
constant labors of his position until at the close
of the last session he left the seat of Government
in enfeebled health, reoT.ied to his heme, and
th e re, 11 ke a sh i p th at has 11d (1 en ou t man y a sto r m,
and then goes down in the calm of a summer sea,
in the bosom of his family he passed from eanh
to eternity, and left a reput'-rion which all who
value integrity, patriotism, and usefulness, will
not fail to hold up to the rising generation as an
object for their emulation.
His taste led him very early to pay attention to
military afiairs. He thus soon became connected
with t'ne linhtia of the State of Mississippi after
be became a citizen of it. He was the captain of
a eoinii.aiv which has maintained its reputation
down to liie present dav, and its organization and
i's n, me htili eor.tunif"in ihe town of his former
icsiih-nce. lie to a fym of t' e militia, and
took saeh speeeil in'eiest in all that advanced it
thai be is considered, and I ihinK vastly, tus the
lather of ihe present militia sy.v.e.t of < ur State.
vVlieii ihe war with Mexico b.-gtn, ihe seme
te!icb"'i"icv to in.iuarv ali.tirs wuicii he had exhib-
ited on 'tiiieaiier sphere, led him to offer his ser-
vices to Ihe Government. lie was appointed a
general of vohl nteers, and joined the army of Lenv
ei'al Taylor, who. with that discnmniataig judg-
ment which exhibited itself upon so many ocea-
Hions, selected him from among those who were
at Ins headquarters at Camargo, as one who
should accompany him to Monterey. In the siege
and storming of that place lie was conspicuous,
15
[ and exhibited, as on after occasions, the martial
| spirit and aptitude for military affairs of which
s liis previous career gave promise. """
! Not the least interesting characteristic of the
| American people is the capacity which has been,
; in so many instance?1, manifested to pass from
! one pursuit to another, so that a single individual
1 treads all the paths of human distinction. He
; was lawyer,- planter, statesman, and soldier, and
, prominently successful in each.
| After the siege and capitulation of IVTouteiey,
1 and when, by the decision of the Government
i here the p'an of the; campaign was changed, in-
stead of advancing directly from that point into
; Mexico, the port of Vera Cruz was adopted as
I the base of operations, tmd the main force sent
thither, General Q.riT.nA.N wos transferred from
! the command of General Taylor, and passed to
i that ofGeneral SciUt. Thus he sorved in the cam-
paign of the valley of jVicxico, t\atherins; distinc-
■ tion as wide as his employment vas vatious. in
1 one expedition he commanded the whole of the
j laud forces. IJe at last eruved at the city of
I Mexico, and there established the hu;h military
reputation which wdl descend as a rich inheritance
to his family. It was Ins good fortune to be dis-
tinguished in various combrts around the city.
It was his special fortune to leMl the column which
first entered the capital, and received the surren-
der of the ciudcl of* the
After peace returned, and nrou-'ht its blessings
to our country, bemii* no i-oMi'T by ntof s^ion,
he retired to the ';u units \\ isi-'h had previously
occupied hun, and ihu.- ici
a member of s;-\ mr
other end of the Cans' >!.
Is) y-iuth and in rcc 1_ie '
stive hberty which '
forms. It wan this which
were ^trugglin^ to fichu- ve
^o with a com]^,inr end mute his fortunes with •
theirs in the daikeK hour of their revolutionary
trials. Ili° career the. u was i;Ot eventful, ur-
eumstances having thrown him eui of cooperation ,
with that colemn uhich fought the mam be.'ile ;
and aehif ved tin* indeponcV-co of Texas. kis j
an instance, howc. wr. of hssreaoiness to sacrifice j
his-' own ease and interest for a oki™ winch he ,
}u>hAved to demand his ev'rtioiis: and thus, I j
think, his services havi b^c-i graleiuhy rem cm- j
bored by the people of Texas. |
In afrm- year*, wh*m he believed, and had ;
reason to behove, thala people oppressed b^ des- j
potism were stru'X!?;I:n^ to be fr< e in Cuba, he j
connected himself with movements which wcie (
(les^ned tu aid them in tle-ir effort. lie has ■
himself explained, far better than ! could, his ,
views in rcLtiorx to si,eh sio-juc-is, by the able !
speech which he mad^ in th* Hons > of Ilepiesent-
atives on the. neutrality lawi. To those who .
may not a^^ee v:th Ivm in hi0 conclusions, to i
those who inay di^.ent from hnn in t'ie opnnons
which he entercamed and upMit which, to some '
extent,he act'd, i haw on'y to say, that to us at ,
rani- d until he i>ecamc
[ ?, i\a.d with us at the.
oic a love of reprfsent-
npi a itself in various
■ •d him, v.hen Texans
their independence, to
ent a
; f
least, it is a srJhc,
lor existed, arose
resentative liberty
ouj infancy to tar
Kosciusko aed Pin., "-m en-
all wer^ nvjn who ;•-!> 'lw 1
fate wiih our fathers v! « v.
of rebels. I have said ,1 v
speik m the : ie.°;:a"v<T of a
civo a h/Sforv of th,e ULcea-
allusion to that which map
subject of criticism. I
In politics, he belor
Statc-ii<;hl,s etnet-e a.
mat whatever ci-
oi love forrcp-
a\.j ia^n reared from
ana*, s of Do I\a!h ai d
: La F.'.ya1' , end tl.cy
• ct.un .:y to join ihnr
th-jy bora the n;.mc
n-a my purpose (->
d.o^ium, or attempt to
-ed : and w:ih th:: br.cf
i f aa;e minds the
T.V3 the eebi.'ca.
ed to what is known as the
a-aHim .srhool. He fol-
which he entertained, and which is also my*own>
but I allude to it because it is part of the public
history of the deceased, and is a logical deduc-
tion from the character ascribed to him as one who
looked to the strict ends of justice, and "believed
that all power emanated from, and permanently -
resided in, the people; who held that government
existed alone by the consent of those over whom
it was established; and that compacts for the del-
egation of functions must be rigidly construed to
entitle them to popular respect; and that within
this limit a people who enter into an obligation
are bound to adhere to it to the last jot and tittle.
Out of these elements wag wrought the political
creed which he always avowed, and which, on
this occasion, I have ascribed to him.
Duty to his country marked his career, both
military and civil. Duty! The word whwh in the
American, a"s in the English heart, always occu-
pies the first position. We are not a people cap-
tivated by splendor, whom the mantle of glory
dazzles so as to blind them to the obligations im-
posed upon States and individuals, and covers,
failures of duty. Ours, I trust, is long to remain
a Government of justicc, and a people among
whom n s^naral who violated the'Constitution
under which he held his commission, could not re-
ceive an ovation, though he brought with him
from a triumphant campaign the representatives
oftwenty connncred provinces athis heels. Duty!
the great watchword of an American statesman,
the "regard for which is the first prerequisite of
thos'"' who ho'd a position under our form of Gov-
ernment, whether their functions be legislative,
judicial, or executive. In this devotion to duty,
as I have hnforo suggested, he passed the last
dnys of his h/o, and fell a victim to it, sadly im-
pressing us with the fact that *
t; The path* of gioiy lend but to ilic grave
Faithful to his country, endeared to his friends,
honest in all his relations, public and private, r&~
spcctcd by his neighbors, language fails me to
express the tender and exemplary relation which
he'bore to his family; he closed a long life of
publ.e usefulness, having impressed upon those
who knew him bust the conviction that everyday
made him butanorc and more necessary, not to
hia family only, bat to iiis country also. At the
home, and in the midst of lua relatives and
fiionds, his mission was ended, and life's fitful
ft-ver passed on the 37th of July, 1853. He died
leaving behind him that good name, without
which"" glory is but a tavern song."
I oiler the following resolutions:
licsolvcd, That tlu; Senate receives, with sincere regret,
t'ic announcement of the <ioath of ffoii. John A Q,cit-
?.:iv late a member of the House of Rfipiesentatives from
the State of Mississippi, aiid t^ndeis to the relatives of the
the n^mance of tin ir r vmprahj with them under
th;1 ii •i--,nveii)',iU th>'y h.i*" ix'en ".iJlftl 'o <*n>tain.
Rr -<iv<!. "'i-i! the S< cieui.y oi the senate be directed to
luuwim to the fatnilv n! (iunera! ui itman a certified copy
o't in- f-v''crui: ir i\ -ulntion.
J.Vsn/t (>,; Tnat, 1:1 u-ia-a of ic.?p^cf for the ruemory of the
djceU'eti, Li io Soiiruc- do Jio;v adjOiini.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before a vote is taken on these
re4oiations, 1 wish to make a few remarks as a
tribute of respect to tho memory of ihe deceased.
I r'.jrc! that it's not in my power, on this occa-
sion', to do full justicc to the character of one of
. the truest fiimdcj and bravest soldiers with whom
; it has been my lot to be associated m life. It was
, rsviiond fortune to bo closely and intimately con-
1 Meeitjct will
it in tlio venous )ihac:cs and names: which
;t l.-u !>rrm\ Mr. Cail'-.v-.n v.-ns the Jijjh' and
'"uiuo of youtii• pk! wiion ho occupied a scat
1,1 (lie Ijorse of Roprt-sr-ii'atiycs, he enceavoreil
 I leave other? to say if he did not succcss-fully
endeavor—to follow ui tlic path of that po-
litical iuminaiy. I v.'ji! not, upon an ccocf.io;il.ks
this, attempt to defend—-'f to'.K'sa it 11 not ex-
pectou that i shoua ^ j'astify—the creed
    General Q,citmax in Mexico. In
some of our campaigns in that country we hap-
pened to be thrown together in many a sceno of
i:ioie thin ordinary suffering and peril. This
collin ction engendered a strong personal attach-
ment between us; which strengthened into a feeling
of brotherly affection before the close of the war
—a feeling that continued without interruption
nr.ti! the last moment of his existence.
Tut; deceased was endowed by nature with alt
those solid, sterling qualities, which render a man
loved and respected in private life or ill publis
| siation. He was an affectionate father, a kind
' neighbor, and an upright citizen. He was simple,
! courteous, and di£iufiod in his deportment, scru-
