1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
percent. It went up to $322,848. What was the
result in 1857 ? Then the falling of revenues began
to be more serious. You diminished the number
of letters from 2,958,881 to 9,227/780, and di-
minished the amount of postage received, from
#320,950 to #272,190. Thus, in two years, you
diminished the gross amount received more than
ten per cent., while you raised the rate of postage
upwards of forty per cent. You lost actually
about fifty thousand dollars by that operation in
that year, and I understand the diminution of re-
ceipts still continues.
I have no doubt you will find the same result
here. Is it because the business letters diminish ?
Not at all. If you wish to drive them out of the
mail, raise the rate of postage, and you can do it
most effectually. You have only to raise the rate
of postage sixty-six per cent., as is now proposed,
and you will drive very many business letters out
of the mails into the hands of private expresses.
I should not be at all surprised if the result of
this proposition should be, instead of increasing
the amount of postage, actually to diminish it.
Perhaps, however, there will be some increase,
but nothing like what the Senator from Florida
supposes.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator state to what
law he refers as changing the rate of postage in
reference to California?
Mr. DIXON. I referred to a former law which
provided that all letters to California, if prepaid,
should pay six cents, and if unpaid, ten cents.
The law of 1854 fixed ten cents for all distances
over three thousand miles. California was not
specifically named, but that was the application
of the law, measuring the distance by the ocean
route.
Mr. YULEE. I supposed the Senator referred
to some law relating to California specially, and
I was not aware of such a one.
Mr.DlXON. No,sir; the law was general, but
its practical application was to California. Now,
sir, what does the Postmaster General estimate
in his report? He tells us that, by increasing the
rate of postage to five cents, he can add $3,500,000
to the revenue. 1 do not see how he makes that
out. He must suppose that very nearly, if not
quite, the same number of letters will be written
as are written now. He must take the gross
amount, including the foreign postage received,
and he must add to that amount the same per-
centage by which he increased the rate of post-
age. 1 cannot expect any such increase. I sup-
pose there will be some increase; but I doubt
whether it will be #1,000,000.
I think the Senate ought to pause and consider
long, ought to examine the question thoroughly,
before they abandon the great policy of reducing
the rate of postage to the lowest revenue point.
There is in this matter, as in the tariff on impor-
tations, a point which is the lowest revenue point,
and which will raise the greatest amount of rev-
enue at the lowest rate. I think we have now
reached that point. At all events, we ought to
consider this subject carefully and thoroughly be-
fore the rate of postage is raised.
To increase the rate of postage is to tax every
individual who writes or receives letters. I am
unwilling to tax the business of the country in
this odious, this unnecessary manner; still more
am I unwilling to impose a tax on the friendly
and social correspondence of the country. I would
encourage and extend, rather than limit and dis-
courage it, by increased taxation. It is a subject
in which the masses of the people take a deep in-
terest, and in their behalf; I protest against this
hasty and inconsiderate abandonment of the pop-
ular and beneficent policy of cheap postage.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquirfcof
the chairman of the committee the amount *id
for the transportation of the mail in this country,
from year to year, for the last six years ?
Mr. YULEE. In round numbers, $4,834,000,
$5,304,000, $6,214,000, $7,099,000 and $7,924,000,
respectively.
Mr. SIMMONS. How much was it last year?
Mr. YULEE. Seven million nine hundred and
twenty-four thousand dollais. A large portion
of that is due to the overland service.
Mr. SIMMONS, I do not care what it is due
from. How much was it in 1853?
Mr. YULEE. Four million eight hundred and
thirty-four thousand dollars. Now, if the Sena-
tor will excuse me a moment, I will state that the
increase in the transportation table is in about
equal proportion to the increase in the number of
routes established by Congress which, under the
act of 1851, the Postmaster General was construct-
ively directed to putin operation.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not ask for any apology.
I want to know the fact.
Mr. YULEE. The increase of the last two
years was due to the cost of the overland service
to California.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only want to know the
facts. I should like to ask the Senator from Flor-
ida, if the item of $912,000 for " letter postage,"
in the Postmaster General's return, does not em-
brace all the foreign letters that come, which en-
ter into his revenue?
Mr. YULEE. What table are you referring
to ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I am reading from his table
of this year, in which he gives $912,000 as the
receipts from letter postage, meaning, 1 suppose,
postage for which no stamps were used.
Mr. YULEE. No; that is the unpaid column.
A great deal of the foreign postage is paid with
letter stamps. Almost all the twelve cent stamps
which are sold are for foreign letters.
Mr. SIMMONS. How much is the amount
of foreign postage a year?
Mr. YULEE. The amountof foreign postage
collected in the United States, and which is in-
cluded in the table under the head of " letter post-
age," which includes the unpaid, as well as the
stamped, for the year 1858, exceeds one million
dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. How much does it exceed it?
Mr. YULEE. It does not exceed it a great
deal; I have the figures here.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, I want to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Florida, and the Sen-
ate, to what we have done to-day. There seems
to be a project to increase the letter postage, and
without any necessity, simply because it is paid
in a particular section of this country. We are
carrying, according to the Senator's statement,
six million six hundred thousand pounds of pub-
lic documents annually, forwhich wegctnothing.
All the letters we carry do not weigh more than
four million pounds, for which we get $6,000,000.
We carry to-day fifty per cent, more of printed
matter free, than we carry of mail matter that
pays postage, and we propose to strike it all off.
Mr. YULEE. 1 can give the Senator the
exact figures now, as to the foreign postage.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not care about the ex-
act figures; it is about a million.
Mr. YULEE. A few thousand over a million.
Mr. SIMMONS. All the letter postage col-
lected, according to the tables last year, was
$6,000,000. If you deduct $1,000,000, it leaves
$5,600,000 for postage received in the United
States. From the printed matter that pays post-
age, we got $664,000. Now, 1 undertake to say
that the printed matter that pays postage, and the
newspapers that pay nothing, will outweigh the
letters four-fold, and we get about one tenth as
much for them as we do for carrying letters, and
yet the committee have proposed to increase the
letter postage $3,500,000, which will make it
$9,000,000, which is $2,000,000 more than the
whole mail transportation of the country costs;
and that, he says the eastern people—the letter-
writing portion of the United States—ought not
to complain of. We carry for nothing fifty per
cent, more printed matterin weight, than we carry
of letters—six million pounds against four mil-
lions. If you strike otf the free matter, you will
get rid of more than half the bulk of your mails;
and yet, with an income of $5,500,000 from
the letter postage, it is proposed to increase it
$3,500,000, making it $9,000,000, when the whole
cost of transportation is but $7,000,000. The
Senator, after proposing this, turns around to the
paying part of the country and says they have no
right to complain; that this is very liberal. We
carry to-day fifteen-fold the weight of printed
matter that we do of letters, and we get but
$000,000 for the printed matter, and we get nearly
$6,000,000 for the small amount of letter weight
that we carry, and he proposes to increase it
$3,500,000.
Mr. YULEE. Allow me to ask the Senator
how he will provide for compensation to post-
masters, and all the other expenses, distribution,
printing blanks, &c.?
Mr. SIMMONS. I am talking-about the ex-
pense of transportation now. A great part of the
compensation of postmasters comes from the news-
papers, which you carry for nothing, and you
pay the postmaster two mills for each one he de-
livers.
Mr. YULEE. That is bad enough; but the
compensation of postmasters for 1858 amounted
to |2,500,000, which has to be provided for.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know that, and no doubt
half of it was for delivering papers that pay noth-
ing. You can pile on expenses in that way with-
out any trouble. You have two thousand eight
hundred postmasters, and I suppose they are paid
for every one of the speeches that we send out,
two mills apiece, and if you cut them out, I do not
know how much may be saved. It has-been said
thatone Senatorsent out three hundred and forty-
five thousand -speeches himself. At two mills
apiece, that would pay the Postmaster General's
salary. _
Sir, 1 say it is the greatest outrage ever at-
tempted to be imposed upon a free people, to ask
them to pay these enormous expenses. Why do
you not pay them yourselves ? Why should the
people who write letters pay for these extrava-
gances? Why should the post office carry thou-
sands of speeches, and deliver them at a cost of
two mills apiece, and charge them upon the busi-
ness and letter-writers of the country?' The very
item which was read by the Senator from Geor-
gia, at two mills apiece for the delivery, would
pay for the whole transportation of all your letters
in the country. There is no reason in it whatever.
It is a mere pretense to cover up the corruptions
of this Department. There is no more reason for
carrying its expenses up to ten or eleven millions
a year, than there is for scattering money broad-
cast over the land. The law required that the
annual expenses of the Department should be kept
down to $4,500,000. Six years ago they were
carried up to $4,800,000, and now they have got
up to $7,000,000 for mail transportation alone,
besides contracts to the amount of $2,000,000,
which the Senator from Florida admits ought not
to be paid by the letter postage.
Mr. YULEE. I did not say ought not to be
paid; but I said it was a fair charge on the Treas-
ury, because it grew out of our extended domain.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say there is no man who
can put two ideas together, who will pretend that
the letter postage does not pay fifty per cent,
profit to the Department. If you want to make
the Department self-sustaining, put your charges
upon that portion of its business which does not
pay. That is the only legitimate method. I
make no complaint. I say it is liberal on the part
of this Government to carry newspapers without
charge, because they are a means of instruction
and education to the people. I do not complain
that that becomes a charge on all the country
alike; but I must object when I see Senators mak-
ing an argument to put this enormous expense of
carrying printed matter upon those who do busi-
ness, and whose business requires them to write
letters, under the pretense that they get the ben-
efit, and that they ought to pay the expense be-
cause they have the service. It is outrageous to
impose such an argument on the country. The
data furnished by the chairman of the Post Office
Committee show that the printed matter carried
free for the benefit of politicians, going from this
single city alone, amourts to fifty per cent, more
than the weight of all the mail matter that pays
the letter postage.
I will go with Senators to cut down the ex-
travagant expenditures of the Department. I
know that there is a great pressure on the Post-
master General; butthere is no pretense thatthere
is any law requiring him to put a mail on every
post route we establish. It is at his discretion to
put it there; and if he has the means, he ought to
| put it there, he ought to accommodate the people
| as far as he can; but there is no pretense for say-
! ing that the letter postage should be increased in
| order to accommodate.people who have these fa-
I cilities for carrying printed matter. I am willing
i that gentlemen should print and circulate speeches
, as much as they please. I do not think the State
I represent has made a very heavy charge on the
Treasury for what her representatives send out.
1 think the list which has been presented showed
only about two thousand eight hundred for both
her Senators in the course of the year. 1 have no
