226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
pulously honorable in his dealings with others,
and firm, inflexible, and fearless m the perform-
ance of whatever in his conscience be believed to
be his duty. In word and deed his bearing and
conduct on all occasions, and under all circum-
stances, were such that no man ever approached
him without becoming impressed with the inhe-
rent manliness and the exalted heroism of his
whol« character.
I have listened with interest to the able, elo-
quent, and truthful remarks of the Senator from
Mississippi. He has spoken feelingly and forci-
bly of the character and services of his deceased
colleague. He served with him in Mexico, and
fought by his side at Monterey. The eulogy
which he has this day pronounced upon his cour-
age and conductor! that occasion, is the testimony
of a gallant soldier, who shared with him in the
perils and glories of that memorable siege. I can
say nothing in this connection but what would be
likely to impair the effect of what has been so well
stated already; sol will pass to other scenes with
which I happened to be more familiar, and in
which our deceased friend performed a prominent
part.
The siege of Vera Cruz is one of the most re-
markablcaof the kind in our military annals. Like
the battle of New Orleans, it presents an instance
of a magnificent result achieved with inconsider-
able loss. At that siege, although the penis were
not extremely imminent, the services required and |
performed were, in general, of the highest import- I
ance. During the investment and bombardment j
of the city, General Quitman performed the duty j
allotted him with so much zeal and activity that j
he won for himself a high reputation in the Army ;
for vigilance, sagacity, and indomitable energy. !
After the fall of Vera Cruz, the American Army j
took up its line of march for the capital of •
Mexico. Owing to accidental circumstances, and j
greatly to his own regret, the deceased was pre- !
vented from participating in the fust, engagemetil I
that took place on that line. But notwuhstaml-
ing this, his soldierly conduct upon all occasions |
was so conspicuous that he continued from day !
to day to augment the reputation he had pre- j
viousiy achieved at Monterey and Vera Cruz. j
Hut, Mr. President, it was in the last engagements !
in the valley of Mexico—those brilliant exploits
that crowned a succession of glorious victories—
that General Quitman exhibited that energy and
efficiency which established his leputalion m the
Army as an accomplished soldier and an able and
successful commander. On the morning of the
13th of September, 1847, the division then under
his command received orders to unite in a general
attack upon the cnstleof Chapultepec. The mo-
ment the word was given, the troops dashed
across the plain that stretched between the mam
road and the castle, carried a few batteries which
they found in their route, forced their way up the
side of the steep hill on which that ancient fort-
less stands, in the face of a destmctive fire, and
united on the summit with the division undei the
gallant Pillow, in a combined attack upon the
castle. The attack was as successful as it was
bold and impetuous. Chapultepec fell; and the
fall of that fortress placed the military key to the
City of Mexico in the hands of the Americans.
This was our morning's work—a work admirably
conceived by the Commander-in-Chief, and splen-
didly executed by the troops appointed to the
service.
Karl y in the afternoon of the same day the troops
of the same division attacked and pursued a huge
force of the enemy along the aqueduct on one of
the main roads to Mexico, drove them headlong
through the Gareta Belen, assaulted and carried
that Gareta at the point of the bayonet, in the
face of a murdeious fne of grape and musketry;
and having driven the enemy fiom the batteries
that commanded the entrance, threw thernseives
down upon ground moist with their own blood
and the blood of the enemy, and slept upon then-
arms the following night within the wails of the
city they had just captured with such unparalleled
intrepidity; and throughout that whole day Gen-
eral Quitman was to be constantly seen at the
head of his command, in the midst of the fire,
animating his troops, directing their movements,
and infusing his own daring spirit into his battal-
ions.
Mr. President, in referring to these exciting
scenes, there are memories of the past—strange
memories—that crowd upon my mind and threaten
to overpower my feelings. Plow can I ever forget
the noble friend who came to the poor, shattered
hut in which I lay wounded, at Cerro Gordo, to
bid me, as he then supposed, a last farewell; and
who, taking my hand in his, said, in accents
trembling with emotion: " My dear friend, if we
never meet again in this life, I will take good care
that full justice shall be done tg your reputation?"
The man who did this had a soldier's heart. Or
hpw can I forget the night that followed the cap-
ture of theCity of Mexico, when the same friend
came once more to my bedside, where I again
lay wounded, and, though exhausted and worn
out with the fatigues of the day, watched over
my troubled sleep with as much affectionate soli-
citude as if I had been his own son ? Acts of kind-
ness such as these I can never forget until my
own heart forgets to beat; and if I thought it ne-
cessary, I would make the same pledge to his
memory, here in the Senate, which he made to
me at Cerro Gordo: that, to the best of my abil-
ity, 1 would try to see full justice done to his
reputation. But no such pledge is necessary. No
American will ever be found to do* injustice to the
reputation of General Quitman. No, sir; the
State in which he sleeps, tha country he loved
and served so well, history aim posterity, will do
full justice to the memory of one of America's
bravest soldiers and noblest sons.
Mr. WARD. Mr. President, I feel that Texas
id cnlled upon to contribute her expression of
regret (or the loss of a distinguished statesman
and patriot of her sister State. To the immedi-
ate Representative is intrusted the eulogy in de-
tail of this lamented patriot. I only rise, fur, in
i he name of Texas to acknowledge the gratitude
due to the memory of her lamented fuend and
soldier, lie came to her assistance in the hour
of trial, and offered up his fortune and his life
m aid of an oppressed people struggling for in-
dependence. In the death of General Quitman
the country has lost a bold and disinterested pa-
tiiot, whose life was devoted to the best interest
of his country.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President,, the occasion
is unexpected to nie. 1 was not aware, until the
announcement was made this morning, that such
a proceeding was to take place to-day. 1 have
not been insensible to the occasion of these reso-
lutions. I was aware of the decease of the illus-
trious dead,and I had offered1 in heart that con-
dolence which I thought due to the event and to
those who feel so deeply wounded and affected
by this death. I felt that the country had lost
a patriot and a soldier. 1 feit, too, m reminis-
cences of the past, that the State of which I am,
in part, a repiesentativc, was sensible of obli-
gations to the illustrious dead, for evidences of
patriotism and sympathy which he had evinced
towauis that State in her revolutionary struggle
for liberty. lie had made sacrifices m her behalf
of personal conveniences and comforts, and of
pecuniary aid.
So soon as a knowledge of the struggle in which
Texas was engaged reached the cars of General
Qtjitm\n, he threw aside his family cares and
domestic endearments, his business transactions,
and everything of interest, and repaired to Texas
to participate in her trials. He reached there at
an important crisis, but detained by orders of the
vigilance committee at Nagodochos, he was un-
able to engage in the c<mflict that was decisive of
her libei ty. He arrived two days after the action
that sealed her existence as a nation; and I w$ll
lecoileet' his patriotic expression*, on that occa-
srou,his ardent feelings, ins indebci ihaLIe regrets
that he had not been there to mingle in the con-
flict. 1 well remember the u-snect with which
Texas was inspired for the man. Ere iurs advent
into that country he had been known to the citi-
zens of Texas, and they hailed his anivalwith
the greatest enthusiasm and pleasure. So deeply
were they impressed with the importance of his
services as a man and an ofiicer, that the com-
mander-in-chief tendered to him the situation of
adjutant general of the State, if he chose to remain;
but the attractions that had drawn him there had
ceased; the occasion that he had sought to antici-
pate had passed by; the charms which had brought
him to that place existed no longer. It was thought
thnt the great struggle of the revolution was over,
and that no other occasion would present itself
requiring his aid and services. Hence he declined
that situation, and returned to his own State of
Mississippi. His illustrious services since then
have been so well described by the Senator from
that State, and by the gentleman from Minnesota,
who were associated.^with him in arms, that I
should think it an unnecessary consumption of
time to attempt any allusion to those services.
As a man, General Quitman was every inch a
man; as a soldier, he was every inch a soldiery
as a citizen, he was most amiable in all his rela-
tions; as a parent, he was tender, affectionate,
and gentle; as a man, in his moral and social rela-
tions, he was honest, and above all unworthiness
of heart or action.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 5, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pri-
vate Secretary.
DEATH OF MR. QUITMAN.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Speaker, taking my seat
in this Hall for the first time, a member of the
Plouse of Representatives, I have a melancholy
duty to peiform. I would it were otherwise; not
that this duty should not devolve upon me, but
that it should not devolve upon any one; rather
that the distinguished dead was here to personate
himself as one of the illustrious living.
But, sir, the ways of Providence are inscruta-
ble, and we arc all obliged to submit to them ; they
are imperative, and overrule us, however unwill-
ing the obedience which we yield to them.
it becomes my painful duty to announce to you,
Mr. Speaker, and to this House, the death, since
the adjournment of the ia«jt session of Congress,
of one of its honored members—the death of Lion.
John A. Quitman, of Mississippi.
1 am before you sir, the living example that he
! is no more. Sent here by the constituency which
honored him to fill, as well as f humbly may do,
the place which they regarded so well filled by
himself.
Death, under all circumstances, and in whatever
manner it approaches us, is always a melancholy
thing; but when it comes heralding with it sad
tidings, the fall of a great and good man, it im-
presses us with the solemnity of the warning,
and fills the heart of the country with grief. To
die is always a sad thing. It is to leave the beau-
ties and glories of this world, and the cnchant-
j| ments of an existence here, the only one we kno\y
of, to be transferred to another, which may he
bright and beautiful, or dark and gloomy, but
which the vision of mortality has never yet looked
upon.
But it is not my purpose to dwell upon this.
It has been the custom, m all ages, and among all
people, to pay tribute to the distinguished dead;
and I propose, in a few words, to perform this
service to the memory of General Quitman.
General Quitman left this city a few days after
the adjournment of the last session of Congress,
feeble in health, but not apprehending himself,
nor was it apprehended by his friends, that he
was so soon to meet with an untimely end. Pie
arrived at his home on the 26th of June, and was
not able afterwards to leave it; and in one month
i and three days from the time of his departure
i from the scenes of his public duties here, on the
evening of the 17th of July, at five and a half
o'clock, he died at his residence in Mississippi.
He was of the opinion himself that his disease
was contracted at the National Hotel, in this
city, from an infection which prevailed there two
years ago, from an unknown cause, where he re-
sided for a time, and was afterwards accustomed
to accept the hospitality of his friends. And
whether this be true or not, yet he believed that
he inhaled the poison there, or contracted the dis-
ease which, as a slow consuming fire, preyed
upon his vitals until they fell into decay, and his
life perished with them.
General Quitman was a native of New York,
