1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
227
born at Rhinfhock, in Dutchess county, on the i
1st of September, 1799, and was fifty-nine years '
of age at the time of hi,* death. He was of Ger- j
mair descent, his father, Doctor Frederick Henry i
Quitman, being a native of Prussia, of German j
origin, and, after his removal to this country, an j
officiating minister of the Evangelical Lutheran .
Church, at lihinebeck. General Quitman him- j
self was educated for the ministry; but, pursuing \
the inclination of lus own mind, on his arrival at j
mature years determined for himself upon the j
profession of the law. At the age of twenty-one, \
he left his paternal homestead to seek his fortune '
for himself, and, emigivt'n':; to the West, remained
two years m the Suite of Ohio, where ho becamc :
u licensed piacutionri- r f the, law. Thence he re- i
moved to the Staie of Mi^ies-pni to pursue his 1
proiVwt'ion; and, in 1^00, serth>d at the city of!
!Natfhe/5 w 11• *i• *, m 1 <S*24, he was 'married to the j
accomplished Turner, the present Mrs. i
Quitman, who, with an u teresting family, still ,
survives him, Pud where he continued to reside i
up to the upi • of his death. i
General (.ItriMAx's first entrance into public ,
life was in hi*? twemy-e'ghth y^ar, when, in 1627, :
he was elected a member of the representative ;
branch of the Mississippi L'isrh-latere from the i
county of Adams. In th;it body lie served as a i
member of the judiciary committee, and ff'ivp such ;
evidence of Ins justly discriminating mind, and '
superior legal attainments, that the following veer ;
he was appointed by the Governor to the hfch !
office of chancellor of the State. This position he j
afterwards held by unanimous election of the Le- i
gislature, and t-gain, without opposition, by the I
entire popular vote of the S'ate, as from time to
time the various modes of filling this important
office wore changed by the laws and constitution
of Mississippi.
It wad as a professional man and jurist that
General Quitman made for himself his first and
most enviable character. At the bar, always true
to the honor of his profession, he was strictly
faithful to his client and to the court; to his asso-
ciate, as well as opposing counsel, he was kind,
courteous, and obliging; towards all the members
of the profession, pleasant and agreeable in all his
relations; and such was his known sense of right
and honor, that his advocacy ■of a cause gave to
it the meat of justice, which usually carried with
it success.
On the bench the uprightness and integrity of
his character, the clearness of his judgment, and
the discernment of his mind, impressed attorneys
and litigants m his court with the sentiment that
in every cause before him justice would be strict-
ly administered, without prejudice or favor. Ilis
name was associated with mi that was pure and
noble m the legal profession; and it was as a
counselor at the bar, and as the honored wearer
of the ermine, that he gained for himself a repu-
tation cherished most highly by all who knew
him, and equaled only by their admiration ofhim
afterwards for his fame as v. soldier and his posi-
tion as a statesman.
General Quitman was a member of the con-
vention m 1833, which formed the present consti-
tution of Mississippi, and was among the most
prominent and able debaters of that body in the
discussion of nil questions involving the delicate
adjustment of political rights and powers between
the people and their agente, under constitutional
governments.
In 1635 he was electcd to the State Senate, and,
owir.2; io a brief interregnum which occurred in
the executive office of Mississippi, under changing
administrations, the Senate was convened in spe-
cial session to elect a President, who should be
temporarily the acting Governor. General Quit-
was chosen to that position: and at the meet-
ing of the Legislature, m January. lbSG, made to
that bodv the annual messdge as Governor of the
State. This message was one of the highest merit
as an able State paper, as v;ell_as of the fin-
ished composition, and its principles fuiiy illus-
trated the leading traits of Gential Qvitmax s
mind as a politician and statesman, besides em-
bracing m a concise view the various State inter-
ests, it" advocated a liberal system of education
for the people, avowing the doctrine of the duty
of the State to provide the means-for the education
of her children, and spurning the idea that^free
constitutional government can be successiully
i maintained without the intelligence of freedom to
' uphold it. On the subject of our Federal relations,
the message was imbued with strong sentiments of
State-rights, and the limitations of the powers of
the Federal Government, strictly within the writ-
1 ten charter. This, as was subsequently shown,
i was a leading sentiment of his life, and gave char-
1 acter to him as a statesman.
General Quitman, though not educated for the
military service, showed, at a very early period,
his strong disposition for that line of life. It is
said that at the age of twelve years he drilled
into military discipline a company of youths in
his native town. In 1824 he organized, and was
elected captain, of, a company called the Natchez
Fencibles, in the city of Natchez, the ohlest and
, most noted volunteer company in Mississippi,
and which is, to this dny, an honor to the volun-
teer spirit, and a noble ornament to that service
in the State. Besides this, he held, for many
yeors, the highest rank in the regular military
service of Mississippi,
In 183G he led a volunteer force into Texas, to
aid the revolutionists m establishing Texan in-
dependence. In 1840, when war was declared
between the United States and Mexico, he was
appointed, by President Polk, one. of the six
brigadier generals to command the American vol-
unteer forces, lie joined General Taylor with
his division, while the ciders were being given
for the attack on Monterey, who immediately as-
signed him an important position i si storming that
city, which he wos the first American general to
enter, under the heavy fire of th-i enemy.
After the cap<tu!ation of Monterey, General
Quitman-was tiansferred frum t lie command of
■ General Taylor, on the II; o Gra'".'e,to that of!
i General Scott, for the efptu'-o of "Vera Cruz and j
the march to tlv city of Morie-i, It was in this
field that he displayed th" hi:-a evidences Af his 1
military genius, and. by his c. ursge and skill in j
planning and executing the oiders of battle as- !
signed to him, commanded the admiration of the j
ofheers and men of the Army, and the enthusiastic j
applause of the country. From the diiacult and !
dangerous landing" of the tioops at Vera Cruz, j
and the storming of that city, his march through
the passes and perils and battles to the gates of
the City of Mexico, and the planting of the Amer- :
ican flag upon the walls of that ancient capital, j
which he, with his brave command, was the first j
American general to enter, and of which, by the j
commanding general, he was made civil and mil- j
itary Governor, was one of ordhant triumphs, i
crowned with the succ^shs and glories of vicioi v • ]
The records of the Wai Ol7.ce, in lepoitm^the i
history of that campaign, arHilled with the recital !
of hisaehh'vcmcnt.vuid credit him with the bright j
honors which are (hie to hnn by u.o country. The i
Congress of the United States vitrd to him a i
sword, in token of the gratitude of tlic nation: and I
the citizens of his home and county ps\ sensed him !
with a similar and brighter gift, as ;;n evidence of j
their appreciation of his heroic strvices.
On his letum from Mexico, at tho close of th
war, he was, by the almost unanimous «v >ic
the people of""
State, and losi.dh d :
January, 1850.
accordance with .
-i, elects d Governor of tin- j
into that office on t>'e ]titli of !
lis inaugural a^'hvi'S \ > "• :n
is in l£3r., lii'ih-io'!! ,1
and thoroughly Svtr-,-::.h:«, n-ver complicating
th" powers of the Fedeicd Givei iimeiu with the i
reserved rights of the otatt bur snaci'y adhei- i
ing to the true principle of com>t;tu\i n d govern- ■
ment, that no powers are to be cxm-cised by the j
governors except such as arc dually delegated to ]
them by the gov- med.* 1
In the beginning of the second year of ills term ■
of office, he was unexpectedly and unjustly pros- |
ecu ted by the Govei nrnent of the United States for :
an alleged violation of it^ neutrality laws. A writ '
was issued agninsthtm from the United States dis- :
triet court of Louis.ana, directed to the United !
States marshal of .Mississippi, commanding hisar- i
rest, and his appeaiam o before the tribunals of the ;
Federal Government in the city of Now Orleans. !
in obedience to this writ, though not recognizing
the rightful authority of the Government of the !
United States to remove h;m, an Governor of a j
sovereign State, to s>e tried in another State for j
an offense alleged against him simply as a citizen, 1
false as he knew it to be,and not beingwdhng to i
resist the authority of the Federal Government, I
j!, which, both rightfully and with the armed power
I1' of Mississippi, he might successfully have done,
nor willing to degrade the character of the State,
: | in yielding to the arrest of her Governor by un-
authorized Federal authority, he resigned his of-
■ fiee, and submitted himself, afe a private citizen,
: to this unjust trial, from which he was discharged
1 by honorable acquittal.
t At this proceeding of the Government, such was
1 the indignation of the Democratic sentiment of
I Mississippi, connected with its bitter opposition
' to the legislation of Congress in 1850, to which
' General Quitman was known to be strongly op-
! posed, that he was again nominated in the sum-
| mer of 1851 for the office- of. Governor, by the
1 united voice of the Democri^jn convention. An
i election being provided by law, to take place pre-
, ceding the gubernatorial election, for delegates to
a convention of the State, to determine what posi-
, tion the State of Mississippi would occupy in her
relations with the FederalGovernment, on account
of the legislation of 1850, and the public sentiment
I being expressed against the views of General Q,prr-
man, ho withdrew from the canvass for GoVern-
; or, refusing to be a candidate for office, when the
; known sentiment of the people differed with his
i own, though his personal popularity might have
; secured hiisa the election. In this, and in the pre-
; ceding case of his resignation of the office of Gov-
i ernor, he showed himself a man of sacrifices for
; principle, aftd that honor with him was higher
than ambition.
General Quitman was Governor of Mississippi
at the time of the passage of the compromise
measures, m 1850; and holding these measures as
unjust to the South, convened the Legislature in
special session to test the sense of the State in ref-
' erencc to acquiescence in, or resistance to, them.
. His message oi^ that occasion was one of the
1 ablest State papers which the country has ever
■ produced, replete with the true doctrines of the
rights of the Stales in their relations with the Fed-
1 oral Government, and a clear and powerful vindi-
i cation of the rights and honorand institutions of
. the South. The Legislature sustained him, but
: the sentiment of the people was expressed against
; his views, and he retnva to private life. He was
, not again in public station until in 1855 he was
; called from his retirement by the Democracy of1
i the fifth congressional district of Mississippi to
represent them in the Congress of the United
States. Of his standing and position here, I need
■ not sped:. His course is well known to the coun-
, try and to the im mbers of this House, and was
approved by his constituents at hogie.
! General Quiimant as a public man was regarded
by many as sectional m his views, but he was not.
: lie was a purely national man, equally devoted
to the rights of all sections of the country, as
1 guarantied by the Constitution. It wasaleading
' featuto of his life strictly to maintain consdtu-
; tional government. This sentiment ran through
; all lus ideas and all his political action, lie be-
1 heved that with the Federal Government admin-
! isteied strictly within the limitations of the Con-
' stiunion, no larring and no discontent would exist
' among the reveral States; thrt the Constitution
"onstii.v'd frr ir terest and expediency in Federal
k'.issiv- ;n wes the caus^ of all our ills. He was
anion': t'.e wiy few pubkc men who understood
■ tiuiv the themy and practical woikmg of our
Gov u*p; ienr. and who based the hopeaoflhe Re-
public mi the f\ifitful adherence to iU; true con-
st! utir-nal prmiiiph As a statesman, he was
' wdb-:^ to >.cv. i iiice h.iViSelf to this position. As a
s- .Idici, he pa ovod in arms his fidelity to his coun-
try and to the national Government. He was a
, mar. of pr^gre^s, and represented truly the Amer-
ican sentiment.
I know General Quitmax well, and I may truly
say that he was a great and good man, lofty m
the purity of his principles and bold in their ad-
vocacy; and, what should make him immortal, he
was an hone&t man. As a master, he was kind;
as a fa-her, indulgent; as a husband, affectionate,
amiaWe, and just in all his relations of life, and
honored and esteemed by all who knew him. He
was equal to every position which he was called
, to fill. In whatever department of the public ser-
vice he was engaged, or upon whatever iield of
peril or adventure he embarked, he gave evidence
"that his was not the spirit of the common throng,
' whose sails are never to the tempest given," but
