230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
-existence. Our little aims and paltry ambitions
and social distinctions die with us, often before
us; but intellectual power, scientific attainment
and enlargement, national institutions—these are
immortal! these light the track of ages, and burn
and live with a quenchless luster; these "flow on
in a perennial and undying stream "—cumulative
and reproductive, at once prophetic and monu-
mental—the witnesses of our renown, aftd the
hope and heritage of coming generations!
In the pauses of our deliberations, death steps
into this Hall and leads out Harris and Quit-
man, and we see them no more. He will shake
hands with all that remain; his touch will wither
our laurels, and smite our crowns in the dust!
Let the example of our good men lead us to unity
and forbearance, to love better our great country,
"Time's latest empire;" to lmnd down to our
children every emblem of her nationality un-
broken, that when we sleep with our fathers, this
heritage of ages may rise and ripen into a hale and
vigorous maturity, and stand the consummation
of the wisdom, justice, and piety of the world !
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, those of us who
observed, during the last session, how the once
manly form of General Q,uitm\.\t was slowly
wasting away under some unknown malady,
were not altogether unprepared for the eaily an-
nouncementof his death. Wc had fondly hoped,
however, that his bright career was not so soon
t® terminate, and that we might have had, still
longer, the benefit of his sage expeuonce in our
deliberations hero. Rut, alas ! we shall listen no
more to the words of wisdom that were wont to
fall from his lips, for his voice is now hushed m
death.
A patriot, whose every pulsation was for his
country's good and hi.:-, counti y's honor; a Mafcs-
man ofcnlaige^expn lenoe, to whom many looked
for guidance, and all with trust and confidence—
he it is whose loss we this day mourn.
Well may we, who were associated with him
here, and who witnessed his faithful discharge of
every public duty, unite in offering some tribute
of respect to his memory.
Though a Mississippian, justly proud of his
.State, as she was of him, yet he belonged not
alone to her. ilis fame was tin* property of the
whole countiy; and we in iy all claim the puw-
Icge of mingling our tears together over his Joss
as over a common calamity. life had been
mostly spent in the enqdoyimnt of the public.
On the bench, m the councils of his own and of
the United States, as the Chief Magistrate of his
State, in the i( tented field," he had pel formed
faithful and distinguished seivic.-s; ami, .'Mr, m
whatever situation lie was pi \cd, he so bore him-
self that he won the respet l. and admiration of
ins counirynn n whilHmng, and their ic,,rs ;md
)'-grots have followed him to his gr ive. Vain
would be th" attempt, on ait (•<••• a-aon like thai, to
<'o justice to ins ehnrae'er, or  >v< u to jnv'mt ihe
outlines of Ins eventful hie. When, her< afb-r,
his career shall lie fully traced by his faUhful
biographer, what an instructive example will be
furnished to every Ameiican youth'
Sec the young- stripling first leading his parental
i oof, wandering afar off to seek has home and for-
iuno among strangers. Relying upon Ills own in-
domitable enemy and unsworn m; integrity, he
bravely encounters all opposition-, t-tnig2los on
with poverty; gradually u-es m favor with his
fellow-men ;amabses fortune; wins fame—a world-
wide fame; and even after the fronts of many win-
ters had settled upon his brow, and he had well
nigh u sounded ail the depths and shoals of hon-
or," we see himstill toihngon m the path of (buy,
( ver preserving the glow of his youthful patriot-
ism and ambition.
Ambitious lie was; but his ambition was of <-hnt
lofty kind that made him d'-spisu all devious pe'hs
--everything that savored of personal dishonor.
He was wealthy; yet no one could have been l.*ss
ostentatious. He was brave, too; yet who, in his
daily intercourse with others, could have shown
more of amiability and true knightly courtesy ?
Might not the description given of Cato, without
exaggeration, be applied to him?
"At Catonu s-tudium modeptifp. >'"il nia>ime
1 vciuatis <ii-it. Non divitiiseiuniiivite^ rifque u..cu<me cum
tuho-'u; mjiI cum fcticmjo \ntutu, cum inod.'-te puiloic,
'.".mi ob-Mheiitia ecrtabat; esse, quam Vidcii
^HiUMaateb-u , ;ta, <ja ) minus jjlouiw nctcb.V co mv.j
c qu"batui/'
I first met General Quitman, Mr. Speaker,
under circumstances well calculated to test the
character, and, where friendships were < formed,
most strongly to cement them. It was my for-
tune to serve under his immediate command in
Mexico. I saw him when first called from pri-
vate life to assume a high command in the Amer-
ican Army. At a single bound he had attained
an elevation which few had ever reached who
had spent their lives in the military service; but
he exhibited then no more of arrogance or vanity
than he was wont to exhibit here. He seemed
not to think that he stood upon a pedestal so high
that he could look'down upon all others as his
inferiors, but his big manly heart throbbed with
generous sympathy for those, of whatever rank,
whom patriotism had called to the service of their
1 country.
! Few officers ever succeeded as he did in win-
j ning the love, respect,^.nd admiration of those
| whom they commanded. Neither General Jack-
; son, nor the great Napoleon himself, was more
I ardently beloved by those who shared with them
| their toils, their dangers, and their triumphs'. And
i yet this love and admiration he won by no studied
!  arts on his part; by no relaxation of necessary
| discipline; but by his noble bearing, his uniform
' kindness, and the happv blending of modesty
i| with sidf-rcliancc, gentleness with firmness, dig-
jj nity with suavity of manner.
ij It was no* my privilege, Mr. Speaker, to follow
|; him to the brightest fields of his fame; to witness
;j his gallantry at Monterey, at Chapultepec, or at
■ i the 13clen Gate; and,save on one occasion, never
i] saw an exhibition of his coolness and intrepidity
I' under the fire of the enemy; nor is there wanting
\\ any witness of these things, for they are inscribed
!| already on tlie brightest pages of his country's
,j history.
II 1 saw him, for the most part, on fields whore
no launds were to bo won, but where the melan-
H choly sounds of the dead march were daily hesud,
jj as they followed "onu1 biavc volunteer to his un-
;i timely grave. I can, however, bear witness to
jj the interest whndi in- ever evinced for the health,
'! the comfort, and safety, of those placed under his
command. Th- humblest soldier, sir, never ap-
j, proached h>m without n ceivmg at his hands the
e most considerate atteniion; and uften did he visit
those whom d.seasc, had prostrated, to counsel,
! encourage, and minister to them. Those things
'I may appear too trivial to be mentioned; yet they
! have been treasured up in the hearts and memo-
i' lies of many, now scattered all over the-country,
!! who have often invoked the blessings of Heaven
j upon the head of their beloved commander; and
,■ in those bright realms whither, as we would fain
j hope, he h is gone,and where an unerring record
■ is kept of the nets and motives of men, they may
have cuu.vd a h.do of glory to enuiclc his brow,
j far transcending ah the splendor of his military
I .Mr. OCJRTIS. ^ l-Yw are the words of grief;
low is the voice of sorrow; sad is the note of woe;
and silence is the solace of mourning. Pilgrims
and sojourners on life's uneven way, we arccon-
1 stantly surrounded with objects that live, and
move, and mingle in the revolving, shifting scenes
i! of time and sense. All nature seems endowed
j] with a principle of animation. The running
| waters, the sighing winds, the lowing herds, the
' moving millions of our fellow-beings, all radiant
jj with this prm-'iplo of vitality, how logical be-
j comes the delusion that hfe is universal and per-
: j petual, and that our animated bodies are stamped
|i with immortality !
'! Absorbed by this vain but congenial conclu-
<; sion,we revel nt the glowmg, bewildering charms
i1 of lite, and unite wnh her \otaues in penns to
her e_\altfd fame. YvV ex, iaim:
• <
• : thy pat!'
•tieweil win* ilowei- aad •;ii!i-
'!'n\ hf> t i cv ( 11iifiv,1 lit ai"! 'i i]iay :
\Y.* t 'l! i,ii' v<iiit! ni a:ui dancer;
,* ,k', ' .i.i a j't\, ,:iivf
]>• ;i>it o i-i rin j>!<' i - s,f t.iaii.*1 *
•• Hut {>!"«  ar.- Sik" spu (n|.
V r>' 1 i' v* i. ( i , i' - bio,,iu i, jyljcd :
(>r 1 K" t"!' -im'w ij- :n, tl.e iivci,
A moa..,nl wiiae. tle:ii mc1:, loivvfr;
l* l)i hkf; the Borot.lis kicc,
r]'!iat fbt et(; jou can point their place ;
Or l:i;e the idnibtsvv'f lovely form.
Eiaiii^nng uuud the Uorm."'
While we thus rejoice and revel in the endear-
ments of life, and revolve in the endless circle of
humanity, the click of time marks the cycle of our
duration, and we are suddenly launched upon an
unknown and shoreless sea, ana wafted to a bourn
from whence no traveler returns.
* Death sends no usher; heeds no engagement;
brooks no delay; scorns all ceremony; and at the
most unpropitious hour seizes his victim with
unrelenting heart and hand, and bears him away
to the gloomy mansions of the grave. The fond
fabrics of reason, the delusions of hope, and the
dreams of fancy, all shrink and vanish before the
dread reality, the absolute certainty, the sad and
silent presence of death. Nor shall eminence or
obscurity shield us from the fell destroyer of our
race. Rich and poor, old and young, brave and
timid, prince and peasant, all in equal submission
tremble and fall before the imperious and awfulv
majesty of this king of terrors. The vale of his
temple is the gloom of despair, and his canopy is
the dark pall that overshadows the spirit world,
These reflections, which contrast the delusions
of life with the stern realities of death, are sug-
gested by the announcement of the demise of
the late honorable member from Mississippi, the
worthy citizen, the brave and gallant soldier, and
distinguished Representative and statesman,Gen-
eral John A. Q,uitma\t.
The news of this sad dispensation, in July
last, circulated with telegraphic speed, through-
out the length and breadth of our Union; and
thousands mingled their sighs with the note of
sorrow" that came up from the shores of the lower
Mississippi.
Iowa, young daughter of the national family,
smitten by the sad note of woe, unites in sympa-
thy and sorrow with her sisters of the sunny
South, and drops a tear to the memory of the
gallant and the brave.
The announcement of his death in this Hall,
where los country last called hi in, and his l.tbors
suddenly ended, is a fie occasion for the expres-
sion of grief and tokens of respect that have here
been nude t,o his memory.
Death has stricken a dis mjiuished name from
the congressional rail. To the Speaker's call
there now no answer; 'out every surviving heart
responds with anguish and sorrow, when we hear
that once familiar name.
Constant in attendance, devoted to duty, prompt
in debate, and conspicuous in person, his absence
has created a void m this honorable assembly
that is seen, felt, and lamented by all of us, his
transient survivors. He differed widely from
many of us on this side of the [Iall on some ques-
tions; but he did noi mtiude or thrust his views
beyond strict rules of decorum, and we respected
his argument and the ho.je.^ty of his convictions.
But to d:fFrtr is not to divide'. All things diu'ei,
and thereby we distinguish. Th" human face, so
like in all, shall nowhere find us exact semblance.
Reason would stagnate if all agreed in all things.
Error is restrained by the conflict of icason. Re-
pulsion maintains porosity, but gravitation unites
the universe. Those who foster chifnerves may
lose sight of each other; but iIiofh* who rtudy fit-
ness and coincidence will find perpetual bonds of
union. General Qxitmin was a practical states-
man. Looking to results, he av<*,ced jriveoiicil-
ablcdifierencos,and unued in thocomhet of living
issues. Turning n^ide <Vom impassabie obstacles,
he found avenues through which he approached,
and'took ins adversary by snrpiisei an J Kindness
and courtesy scoured a victory, when violence
would have caused defeat.
His amiable d^portrm i;t, his honorable bear-
ing,and his persuasive eloquence, gave him, as all
wdl attest. exti aordunu'y influence in this House,
and s^cuo d the estci m and affectionate remem-
brance of those who survive and mouin our un-
timely separation.
Ii is not my province to detail the events of
General Qx*itma.n;s life. New York may claim
the honor of his nativity; and in Ohio lie studied
and practiced the profession of law; but at an
early age be odooied Mississippi for his home,
and was warmly attached to her institutions, and
earnestly labored for her development and pios-
peiity.
When Texas raised the standard of liberty and
freedom, he espoused her cause, and was a dis-
tinguished participant in the struggle which re-
sulted in her independence.
