1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
giohs there; whilst"we have, as the issue of the
war, with Mexico, acquired Utah and New Mex-
ico and California, we are under no obligations,
now that we are numerous and wealthy and pow-
erful, to contribute anything- to unite that people
to us, and.keep up a communication with them,
and to facilitate theintercommumcatton not merely
of letters bat of persons—I say, that for Con-
gress thas to affirm now, is to throw contempt on
that people, to discourage them, to alienate them.
In all time past, what have been the appropria-
tions of Congress for purposes connected not only
with the postal facilities, but with the commerce,
with the wealth, and the manufacturing interests
of the Atlantic States? Look at the cost of your
Eostal communication with Europe. Have you
ad no eye to the accommodation of emigrant
passengers ? So with every other portion of the
globe.
Now, it is insisted by the gentleman, that it
costs a great deal to send out an empty stage coach
across the continent. Sir, the continent is ours;
it belongs to the nation. The Indian tribes be-
tween the Missouri river and the Rocky Mount-
ains are the wards of this nation; they are to be
conquered; they are to be subdued; they are to be
subjugated to law and civilization. How are you
to accomplish that? You will cutoff all the sup-
plies for sending an empty stagecoach—and such
a thing never crossed the continent—and you will
confine these new States, circumstanced as they
are as pioneers in the work of civilization and
conquest, as men laid under contribution by the
laws and the genius of this Government to sub-
due it, and to subdue the aborigines of this con-
tinent, and to hold the western half of the conti-
nent to the union of these States, and to the title
of this Government, with the certainty and stead-
iness with which the needle points to the pole.
You have imposed this duty on them; this is then-
destiny. Now, will men hailing from wealthy
States which have absorbed the wealth of this
nation for the last seventy years, turn round and
say, " wo are able to meet our responsibilities
and the cost of these advantages, and you must
do the same, and we will limit your advantage
to the amount you contribute?" Such is not, in
ray judgment, the policy or genius of this na-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, a word or two
in reply to the earnest and enthusiastic and em-
phatic speech of the Senator from Oregon. The
Senator tells lis that he feels impelled, because he
is a new member, to speak. The Senator will
pardon me if I say that I think he never would
have made the speech he has now made, if he
were not a new member.
Mr. SMITH. "Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. I did not say I was impelled
to make a speech because I wua a new member,
but that I regretted the necessity of making a
speech, being a new member; but, inasmuch as
the gentleman had assailed what I understood to
be the interests of the I'acific coast, I felt culled
upon to reply.
Mr. WILSON. Of course I accept the Sena-
tor's explanation; and now I have a word or two
to say in regard to his speech. He assumes that
I am opposed to communication with California
and with Oregon. I say to him that 1 am in favor
of rapid, speedy communication with the Pacific
coast, and I do not know the Senator in this
body who does not agree with me in that. If the
doctrine is to be maintained by the Senate that
the Post Office Department is to sustain itself,
then, 1 say.it is our duty to abolish the franking
privilege and cut 01T all the unnecessary expqjfdi-
tures of the Depai tment, to economize in every
manner, and put the Department in the best way !
to sustain itseif, and confine it simply to the busi- i
ness of carrying the mail where it is necessary to j
carry it, and not to pursue any other line of pol- j
icy. Now, the Postmaster General lays down !
the doctrine that he carries the mail for other pur- j
poses; to preserve the power of the country across
the Tehuantepec route. It is also maintained
here by Senators, it was announced very frankly
this afternoon by the Senator from Mississippi,
as I understood him, that it was the duty of the
Government to open communication in the sparse-
ly-settled sections of the country; to carry the
mail for the accommodation of the people in such 1
a way as to open up thoso sections. I agree to-
that, and lam willing to carry it out; but in doing
so, I deny the doctrine which is preached here,
that the Post Office Department should sustain
itself. There is no reason in it. If the mail is to
be carried over the Tehuantepec route, or,across
Nicaragua, or by the Panama route, or by way
of Arizona, or across hy Salt Lake to the Pacific
Ocean, or if the mail is to be carried to any por-
tion of the globe for any other purpose than the
simple purpose of carrying the mail itself, then,
I say, the increased cost should not come out of
the funds of the Post Office Department, and there
is no reason why it should.
Millions of dollars are expended in carrying
the mail for other purposes than the simple pur-
pose of giving mail facilities. While I believe
this to be a wise policy, I deny the doctrine that
the Post Office Department should be compelled
to support itself, and that we should increase the
letter postage to make it self-supporting. The
Senator from Oregon, and every other Senator, I
think, on reflection, will see that this is a sound
position.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Oregon
says that Massachusetts has always been here
for favors, that she has always cried for protec-
tion. 1 beg the Senator's pardon. He is mis-
taken. Up to 1824, Massachusetts resisted your
policy of protection, and I think you have heard
but little from her lately in regard to that topic;
and I venture to say, she will be the last State of
the Union, hereafter, that you will find at these
doors imploring protection. She shares, and is
willing to share, the fortune of her sister States
in the financial policy of the Government.
I wish to preserve the section which it is now
proposed to strike out, and I hope it will be sus-
tained. The Senator from Texas tells us that
the facilities in that State have not been equal to
the demand. I do not suppose they have been;
and the demand would be larger if the facilities
were ten times as great. I say to-day, what every
intelligent Senator knows to be true, that the late
distinguished Senator from Texas, (Mr. Rusk,)
who wielded so much influence not only in this
body, but over the Executive Departments of this
Government—an influence which he had a right
to wield from his talent and his experience—se-
cured for that portion of the Union the greatest
mail facilities at a very great cost, and the facts
before the country show it to be true.
Now, sir, I wish the people to have these facil-
ities, and if you abandon the policy of increasing
(he rates of postage, and to carry out this extra
service, take it out of the general fund of the
country, I should give my vote for it; but, in ray
judgment, it is unjust to the people of New Eng-
land, who pay into your Treasury $200,000 more
than the expense of carrying their mails; to the
people of New York, New jersey, and Pennsyl-
vania, who pay $400,000 more, to increase their
taxation nearly one hundred per cent., in Older
to keep up this general policy of developing the
country by these extra expenses that, if borne at
all, should come out of the public Treasury.
Mr. YULEE. 1 rise for the purpose of cor-
recting a statement of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, in which, I presume, he is per-
fectly sincere, but which 1 think is a mistake.
The cosr. of the service m the New England States
is 000, and the whole net income from the
post offices, deducting alone the compensation of
postmasters, is $,044,000; so that, after allowing
to Massachusetts all the postages upon the foreign
mail matter collected there from the Cunard line,
and after allowing to Maine all the postages from
the line which terminates at Portland, the cost of
transportation is still more than the income from
postage in New England. Nor have they stopped
in the increase of their service. Between 1857 and
1858, the increased costot'additionalservice put on
in the New England States alone was §104,968,
and Massachusetts had for her share about one
third of that increase which New England got.
Mr. WILSON. I find on an abstract made up
to the 30th of June, 1857—I have not the last year
—that the expenses in the New England States
were $1,035,000, and the receipts $1,214,000;
making a balance of |179,000 that year.
Mr. YULEE. Where does the Senator get
that from—a newspaper ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; the New York Even-
ing Post.
Mr. YULEE. My authority is the reports
from the Post Office Department, official data.
Mr. WILSON. The same statement shows that
the service in the three central States, New York,
Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, cost $1,823,000,
and the receipts were $2,250,000, being a balance
of $428,000 in their favor. In the six western
States, the cost was $2,280,000, and the receipts
were $1,580,000, being an excess of expenditures
over receipts of $699,000. In the fifteen southern
States the cost was $4,092,000, and the receipts
$1,647,000, being a deficiency of $2,445,000. Cal-
ifornia and the District of Columbia are not in-
cluded in these estimates.
Mr. BRODERICK. X should like to call the
attention of the Senate to theexpensesincttrred in
paying postmasters in California. I find that in
the State of Mississippi, the postmasters receive
but $44,683, while, in California, they are paid
$104,622. I find that in the very large State of
Indiana the postmasters are paid but $103,000,
while, in California, they are paid $114,000. If
this money was taken away from the postmas-
ters, and paid into the Treasury, there would not
be so great a deficit aeainst California.
The PRESIDING''OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from.Alabama, to
strike out the seventh section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am requested to state
that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] and the
Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] have paired
off. I do not know on what specific questions,
but I suppose on all questions of this character.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 16, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Brown, Chrigman, t>avis,
Doohttle, Filzpatrick, Green, Harlan, Houston, Iverson,
Johnson of Arkansas. Lane, Polk, Reid, Smith, and Ward
—18.
NAYS—Messr-s. Allen, Benjamin, Biglcr, Chandler,
Clark, Clay, Coliamer, Dixon, Durkee, Fessemlen, Fitch,
Foot, Foster, Hamhn, Ilunter, Johnson ol Tennessee, King,
1'earcr, lit re, Sebastian, Shields, Simmons, Smart, Trum-
bull, VViIson, and Ynlee—26.
So the seventh section was not stricken out.
Mr. YULEE. There are two sections, the
twelfth and the thirteenth, which I desire to have
stricken out.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will give way,
I desire to move an amendment to the ninth sec-
tion before we come to the twelfth.
Mr. YULEE. I was going to strike out these
two sections, if the Senate pleases. Sections
twelve and thirteen are contained in a House bill
which has been sent here, and is prepared to be
reported. As it will be unnecessary to pass these
sections, I move that, by general consent, they
be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the ninth
section, after the eighth line, by adding these
words: " not exceeding five hundred miles three
cents; more than five hundred miles, and not ex-
ceeding three thousand miles,five cents,"so that
it will read:
" For every single letter in manuscript, or paper of any
kind in wliieli inlormation shall lie asked for, or commu-
nicated in wming, or by marks, or signs, conveyed hi the
mail for any distance between places in the United States,
not exceeding five hundred nnlcs, thiee cents; more than
five hundred, and not exceeding three thousand miles, five
cents."
I offer this amendment, and on it ask for the
yeas and nays. It is a simple proposition to re-
tain the postage at three cents for all distances
from any point under five hundred miles, and
from five hundred to three thousand miles to carry
it up to five cents, and for more than three thou-
sand miles, I propose to retain it as it is.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bigler, Chandler, Clark, Collainer. Dix-
on, Doohttle, Durkee, Fesseriden, Foot, Foster, Hainhn,
I Hiu tan, Simmons, Tiumbull, and Wilson—to.
i NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Broderick, Brown, Clay,
Chnauian, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Houston, Hun-
ter, iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Lane, Polk, Reid, Itice, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Stuart,
Ward, and Yulee—94.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move an additional section
to the bill, which explains itself:
Jlnd be it further enacted^ Thatthe contract with Cutter-
field & Co. for carrying the mail from the Mississippi river
to Sau Francisco, in California, shall be so const! ued as to
allow said contractors to carry the mail by any route they
may select, in accordance with the act of Congress undet
which said contract purports to be made.
