282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
and lingering sorrow in the public mind ? Sir,
the doctrine of some of the astronomers may be
troe,that even a star, that emblem of omnipotent
beneficence, may be struck from the heavens,
and yet the harmony of the celestial sphere be
preserved, by what they call laws of gravitation
and attraction. But, sir, I teli you there are no
laws of gravitation or attraction in this, our po-
litical sphere, which can unite and bring together
a once distracted and broken Confederacy. No
star can ever be stricken from that constellation
which compose and make up the flag of this
Union, without bringing along wi£h its loss, the
loss of all that is great and good and glorious in
the future destinies of the world.
Mr. Speaker, true, national, patriotic men—
men who have maintained, and who mean to
maintain in the future, the Constitution of the
United States, in the sense in which it was made
by our fathers, and in tfte sense in which it is
nowand ever has been understood, and ever ought
to be understood—as a Confederacy between free,
equal, and independent States—are as dear to us
as the stars that grace the flag of our common
country. And although, sir, the loss of such
men cannot and ought not, like the loss of those
stars, result in the overturning and destruction
of the entire fabric, yet I say, and 1 feel, sir,
what I say, that the ieparture of such men from
amongst us ought now to be remembered, as in
times gone by, as mournful signs of national de-
pression and distress.
Mr. Speaker, Hooked upon General Quitman
as one of those men who stood, as it were, be-
tween the North and the South. Born and reared
and educated amongst the mountains of New
York, a State, which at this day, owes all of its
presentas well as its former greatness and power,
to that germ of freedom intubated amidst the
stiuggles between hheitynud despotism which
had been woge.d by the people against the Stadt-
holders of Holland, he seems to have inhabd,
from his early youth, that breath of individual as
well as of national independence, which was left
as a legacy to their postei ity by the early settlers
of that ancient colony—a colony, sir, which long
since then has emerged from its infantile weak-
ness, and become the Empire State of tlrs i roat
Confederacy. Empire State, did I say ? 1 do not
like the word, sir. It sounds to me too much
like an assumed control over those who are as fiee
and gieat as heiself. It smacks too mm li of the
arrogance and pi ide of royalty, wounds and words
which 1 hale and abhor. Anu yet, sir, I am free
to confess, that I woi^d most gladly accoid to her
that preeminence of title, if, m all her impeual
power, she could, but even now, restore to a dis-
tracted country that hatmony and peace which
once existed, and always should exist, between
all, and every portion of her people. Then, in-
deed, would her empire be hailed as one of uni-
versal good, and be enshrined as the "Holy of
Holies" in the hearts of all tiue fnends of con-
stitutional liberty.
Born, sir, as I said General waT, in
the very midst of such elements as these, u is but
natural to suppose that his mind and his feelings
would have pat taken* more or [ess,of the tower-
ing influence of his native mountains. Standing,
as it were, on some one of their very highest peaks,
he seems to have caught the electric spat k which
brought down from heaven to earth the knowl-
edge of that great truth so much venerated by
the immortal Bui ko, that " ivjunhfy and ftecdom
arc but terms inseparable" With these prin-
ciples and emotions instilled into his nature by
the influences and education of early life, lie left
his native home, the scenes of his early—I might
tay mountain—boyhood, whoie had clustered
rround him none oilier than the holiest and lofti-
est emotions of pafiiotjsm, to seek his destinies
sod his fortune in a o'istantbut notfoieign dune,
ile still determined to stand by the stirs and the
srripes of the flag of his own glorious county.
He would not consent to be fdiolteied orproteoted
by those of any other. And m his own way, and
according to his own eood pleasure, ho sought
end found a home in the far sunny Somh. ]
do not mean to speak now of h;s efforts, or of'jns
s ruggles with competition for fame and distinc-
tion in this new home of his adootmn. A man
who had retned from the mere i onrumces of ele-
vated mountain peaks, engendering, as they usu-
i ally do, concomitant elevated emotions—fruitless,
! perhaps, of good in all other respects, might
j naturally enough have yielded to the practical
J workings of a system of useful and valuable labor,
| in the home of his adoption. Ay, sir, the very
i lessons of elevated culture; the very lessons of
high and ennobling sentiment, which had been
taught him in his native clime, and amidst the
scenery oflus native mountains, would have but
quickened him to deeds of high and noble bearing
i in the land of his living.
j And so, indeed, sir, was it with General GIuit-
; man; standing as lie did, with all his affections
■ for both his native and his adopted land unabated
! in any degree whatever by the flight of years or
■ the progress of time, and with that deep sense of
! constitutional obligation which he felt he owed to j
| the whole of his country, both native and adopted. j
| He knew no North, no South. And, sir, he j
1 felt in his heart no North, no South. But rely- j
i ing upon the sacred guaranties of the Constitu- j
| tion,he maintained thateach and all of the States i
I or this Confederacy should have that equality of j
right to which they were entitled, not only as j
' among themselves as independent States, but in j
| respect also to Federal territory, the common
' property of each and every member of the Union.
1 Sir, he well knew and felt, in his own sense of
; instinctive patriotism, that, in the language of the
< Psalmist—
w
' Piomouo" oometh tiPk'.iei fiom the East, nor from me
j-t, nor \ e: Aom the South."
; But, regardless of nil schemes and machinations
; of personal aggrandisement, he so expressed and
j conducted himself as that even the world itself,
I with all its censonousness, might be forced to ac-
i knowledge and confess that he was indeed a true
; patriot, living and acting only for the good of the
j whole and every portion of a common and beloved
( country.
i Mr. "Speaker, if New York claims the honor of
I having been General Quitman's birth-place, Mis-
; sh-oipni may claim the honor of having been his
! adopted home; and pointing to her adopted son,
j she may well exclaim, as did Cornelia, the mother
of the Gram-hi: " Here is my jewel whom I have
| trained and brought up—
; u ?Cou lam ni l'mmjiio qniim m j-eimong matii.s."
! Sir, when Mississippi points thus to heradopted
' *?on,and claims to have educated him, not only ;
j in the language, hut in the spirit and sense of the
, Constitution of his country, New Yoik, too, may
! well be jealous of the icpiUation of her native son,
' and claim most truly and most justly, and be
i proud of it withal, that her bosom lias given suck
to so much of e^ahed worth and of national virtue,
i And now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask, in conclu-
sion , wb y is it that nort hern men and southern men
t ome together,mourn together,and weep together,
like membi: s of a common family, over the loss of
their distinguished dead, if it be true, as we are
sometimes told by sneering cynics and traitorous
knaves, that there is no bond of union between
them 5 Sir, it is not true. Those who say there
is, and can be, no bond of union between them,
srrosHy libel the very genius of patriotism itself,
and the spirit of their country }s freedom. There j
is a bond of union bet wren them; and that bond is ,
the Constitution of the United States, cementing ;
them together by the blood of re\olu!ion<uy sires, :
and sanctified m the hearts of millions of freemen i
1 for the inestimable and priceless blessings it has [
conferred on them and their children That Con-
stitution has made th(m one, and given them a ,
1 common destiny. It has made them one—one for '
glory, one for shame. A nd, sir, I do declare here
to-day, before these the assembled Representa- ■
lives of the nation, that all men, and a!i parties of
men, no matter from who I quarter they may come,
who seek to alienate ami d v;d'' ikose whom God
in bis infinite providence hath jomed togethei,
most exp "ct to m-stt, es they deserve to m< <^t, the
doom which fie proimunei d on hu enemies of
old. A i.d :!nt doom do 1 now invoke upon their ■
gu,Uv and irhc'bous heads:
:: r>.e;e:. < jv r f !■ - s -ej ra<'j p-opk;, there- !
1'eM Wi\' I rvi- ,
The questu.n w.;*s 'hea taken on the resolutions; ;
and tney v/uo adopted '"nanimously. j
And ihcriupon the House (at half past two \
, o'clock) adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve j
' o'clock, m.' 1
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January G, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sundsrland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The "VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney General,
of proceeding^inder the joint resolution of June
3, 1858, in relation to the public buildings at Phil-
adelphia; which was, on motion of Mr. Pjigler,
referred* to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
lie also laid before the Senate a report of the
Postmaster General, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of December
23, 1858, all the papers and documents relating to
the various charges made against the official con-
duct of the postmaster at San Pranciseo.
Mr. CLARK. These papers were called for
by a resolution presented by my colleague, who
is not now in his place, and I do not know what
direction he desires to give to them. 1 move thaf.
they he on the table for the present.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator that
these papers properly and necessarily belong to
the Committee on the Post Oilice and Post Roads,
and I am aware, too, that his colleague will make
no objection to that reference, because he is one
of the committee.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know but that that
may be the proper direction; but my colleague
will be here very shortly, and I desire that noth-
ing may be done m the matter until he arrives.
Mr. BIGLER. Very well.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, presented the petition of Abby
Snclling Chaplin, surviving representative of Col-
onel Josiah Sneihng, of the United States Army,
praying for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
zens of New York, pinying the passage of a law
to prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly of,
the public lands of the United States, and that
they be laid out in farms or lots of limited size
for the free and exclusive' use of actual settlers
only; which was oidored to He on the tabic.
I-Je also presented papcrsin support of the claim
of Jane Perry, widow of Commodore Matthew C.
Perry, to a pension; which were refened to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Peter Tyler,
a citizen of the United States*, residing in New
York, praying the aid of the United States in
enforcing Ins "claims against the Government of
Peru; which was refeired to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. IIUNT12R presented a petition of citizens
of Loudoun county, Virginia, praying" the estab-
lishment of a national fuundory on the Potomac
river,in said county, ai aplaeo opposite the Point
of Rocks; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militu.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Young, praying the (;,tabh ^hmcnt of an ad-
ditional daily mail between iScv Yoi i: and [jus-
ton; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and PostILoad:j.
Mr. PUGII presented the p^titi-m of James
Albertson, a sohber in th; war with M-r-mco,
praying for a pense. n; which was lef.ned to the
Committee oi> Pensions.
He also presented the nenional of Thomas W.
Rath bo up, heir, and for the co-h^irs, of J. C. Rath-
bone, doe^r'--od, pia,7ie;- indemnity for French
v,:io; y : ri n* to t! ° year ]e'Od; which was
or'tcied to be on the table.
Mr. SEIDELL presumed a petition of the Lou-
isiiiia 'XVn.nntepee. Company, piay^ng the on-
aennent of a h\w uvthoijV.njg the isni-' of registers
to the s^amships Amexica and Canada, and to
change their name«; which was leferred to the
CotnmiUee on Commorce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a
resolution of the CVy Council of Memphis Ten-
nessee, in favor of the establishment of an inspec-
tion district and the erection of a marine hospital
at Memphis; winch was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commeice.
