1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISIS
The object of this provision is to cut off ad- j
ditional percentages or additional allowances. It |
is not just to the people themselves. It is just
enough to the postmaster, who, if he does not
want to hold the office,can quit it; he is notcom-
pelled to hold it; but is it just to those who are
tributary to the office to cut off the mail there
altogether by the introduction of so pretty a re-
form or abridgment of expense as this may be ?
I do not think it is just, nor do I think there can
be a respectable number in the Senate, even of
members from the older States—for they have
poor constituencies and thin communities to rep-
resent as well as any other—can be found to re-
tain that provision in this bill. I hope it will be
stnckcii out
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the provision will
not be stricken out; and I will inform the Senator
from Arkansas that ill every small town in the
United States this office of postmaster is very
much sought after. Every man who keeps a
small tavern, or grocery, or a trading store, is
anxious to get the post office at his place. Many
of them would perform the service for nothing if
the Government would make them postmasters.
I have no fear for my State. The Senators from
all the other new States can speak for themselves;
but 1 speak in part for California, and I am will-
ing to undergo the risk.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Of course, the
Senator understands the purpose of the amend-
ment; but my reason for striking it out is, that,
in my State, six, at least, out of every ten post
offices are not to be found in any town at ail, nor
aie there any stores or trading establishments in
which they are established; but it is merely out
in the country and upon the roadside where a
mail is dropped as they go along on horseback;
for much the greater part of the service theie is
merely horseback service. The people oughtnot
to be deprived of that service without having the
benefits of mail service allowed to them in some
form.
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not understand that
they are deprived. There is a provision in the
bill to pay them. I am for taking away the per-
quisites. I do not believe in giving any perquis-
ites to postmasters, and for that reason I am op-
posed to this amendment. As I said before, other
Senators, representing new States, can speak for
themselves.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Roads what it is that will be effected by
this last clause in the section? What will be the
effect if that is retained ?
Mr. YULEE. I will state it. The intention
of the provision was to cut off all allowances,
beyond those specifically authorized in the section
of the act which relates to the compensation of
postmasters. There were various enactments after
the act of 1851, which were intended, by allow-
ances discretionary 011 the part of the Department,
of one kind or another, to keep up to a point near
the old standard the compensation of postmas-
ters. The object of the committee was limited to
this, and it was this that was intended by the
amendment. I think the motion, as proposed by
my friend fiom California, would go beyond what
he himself intended. The object of the commit-
tee, as represented by the Senator from California,
was to save those two clauses in the act of June
22, 1854. In a long section relating to the com-
pensation of allowances to postmasters, there is a
provision of this nature:
•'Providedfurther, That to any postmaster 01",i separating
office, whose commissions, allowances, and emoluments,
may be found msulbcicnt to provide the extra labor neees-
saiy to a prompt and efficient perfoiinance 01 the duties of
stipulating and difpatching tile maiis parsing through las
otftce, the Postmaster General may make Mien qu.uteily
allowances, out of the postages collected at such otfice, as
lie may deem sufficient to compensate such extra labor.-'
Under that provision, I learned at the Depart-
ment that they are very much pressed from all
the States for the establishment of separating of-
fices, under which the postmasters are enabled to
obtain an increase of allowances. Then there was
another act passed m 1854, which related to the
postal service 111 the State of California, and in
the Territories of Oregon and Washington, which
contained, in the fourth section, a clause to this
effect:
  That the Postuw-ti-r General may allow to the said
State and Tomtoms, from the 1st day of July, ISoJ, sucll
sum*, out of the postages collected at their respective of-
fices, as will, in addition to the commissions, allowances,
and emoluments, be sufficient to defray the actual and ne-
cessary expenses of theii offices."
As I understand it, the purpose of the Senator
from California [Mr. Gwin] is to preserve these
two provisions, and that is all he desires. I think
it would be better, instead of striking out the
whole clause, to add a proviso that nothing con-
tained in the bill shall be deemed to affect these
two provisions.
Mr. GWIN. I think it had better be stricken
out. Here is legislation for the last thirty years
prepared for the purpose of meeting these very
cases in the new States, which is superseded by
this provision,and, therefore, I think it ought to
be stricken out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the last sec-
tion read by the Senator from Florida to refer
especially to California, Oregon, and Washing-
ton .
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is there any reason why
a distinction should be made between those two
States and the Territory of Washington and the
other States and Territories of the Union; that,
where there are offices in sparsely settled neigh-
borhoods, there should be a distinction in their
favor and against other sparsely settled portions
of Territories and States? Should not they all
be upon the same footing?
Mr. 1VERSON. I think I understand the
reason and object of the incorporation of this
provision in this bill, which the Senator from
California has moved to strike out. The admin-
istration of the Post Office Department have fre-
quent applications to increase the compensa-
tion of these small deputy postmasters scattered
throughout the country, on the ground that their
compensation is not sufficient for their services.
These persons come to members of Congress, and
not only make applications to the Postmaster Gen-
eial, but they bring to bear upon the Postmaster
Geneial the influence of members of Congress from
their districts and States; and in this way the Post-
master General is exceedingly annoyed by these
applications for increased compensation. The ob-
ject of this provision, as inserted at the instance
of the Post master General, is to relieve him from
these applications, it seems tome the thing is
going rather too far; that in seeking to relieve the
Postmaster General from applications thus made
to him, and to relieve him from the responsibil-
ity of deciding upon them, he is tying up his
hands, or this provision ties up his hands, so
that he cannot exercise the discretion in cases
where there is merit in the application. Now,
sir, if the Postmaster General be a firm man,
which he ought to be, or else he ought not to
have the office at all, he will decide upon the ap-
plication made according to the merits of the ap-
plication; and if there be an additional compen-
sation deserved by the postmaster, he will grant it
under the law now in force; and if additional
compensation is not deserved, he can reject the
application. For one, I am not willing to relieve
him from this responsibility. Let him take it.
It is proper that lie should exercise it, and I trust
the motion to strike the provision out of the bill
will prevail.
Mr. HUNTER. I dislike very much to say
a word in regard to this matter; but, as I under-
stand it, this section which is proposed to be re-
pealed m this new bill gives the Postmaster Gen-
eral unlimited discretion as to the compensation
of these postmasters. If that be so, certainly he
ought not to have this discretion.
Mr. GWIN. It is no new thing.
Mr. HUNTER. What limit is there ?
Mr. GWIN. There is a limitation in the law.
Mr. LANE. It is limited to a reasonable com-
pensation.
Mr. HUNTER. He is to judge of it.
Mr. GWIN. It is to be within the revenues
of the office. He cannot go beyond that, in al-
lowing compensation for the small offices of the
country.
Mr. LANE. I will say to the Senator from
Virginia, without taking one minute's time, that
the trouble we have m Oregon, under the laws as
they now are, is to get men to serve at all; and
every mail that arrives here brings more than
one, ay, several resignations, and we have trou-
ble with our postmasters at our various little post
offices. We have much trouble to get men who
will discharge the duty and delivermail matterto
our people. I therefore hope that this portion of
the bill will be stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There are three
classes of offices; one a distributing, another a
separating office, and the third is the ordinary
post office. There is a different rate of pay pro-
vided for each of these classes of offices. The
Senator from Florida informs us that this provis-
ion is applicable only to the separating offices. If
I correctly understand it, (and if I do not, he can
correct me at once,) the compensation of the sep-
arating offices, which are ordinarily small offices
where there is unusual labor and service, and to
which the mail comes to to be distributed out
amongst the people, amounts to the entire pro-
ceeds of the office. This is allowed at the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General. Now, the Sen-
ator from Florida says that this section applies
solely to the separating offices. If that is so, why
not so specify it at once in the bill? What is more,
if that is what he wants to strike out, is there any
justice in striking it out at all, if it is not allowed
when the receipts of the office are not sufficient to
authorize it? Where there is a separating office
created, it can be put into the first class, and called
a distributing office. 1 believe that the whole por-
tion of the section, to which the motion now re-
lates, ought to be stricken out, in order to deal
fairly, justly, and properly in this matter.
Mr. BRODERICK called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I am preparing an amendment
which will answer the purpose of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Gwin.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the yeas and nays
have been called, I wish to state, in a single
word, the reason why I shall have to vote against
this proposition to strike out. As I understand
the section of the statute read by the honorable
Senator from Florida, there is a distinction be-
tween the Territory of Washington and theStates
of Oregon and California, and all the other States
and Territories of the United States; and that,
wherever there are post offices established^ in
sparsely-settled neighborhoods, where the receipts
are very small, it is in the discretion of the Post-
master General, in those States and that Terri-
tory, to give the whole proceeds of the office to
sustain the postmaster. Now, is that right? If
it is right in Oregon and California and Wash-
ington, why is it not right in New Mexico, right
in Utah, and right in sparsely-settled portions of
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Arkansas, and
all the new Stales? Why leave that unlimited
discretion to the Postmaster General in reference
to post offices in those States, and not leave it to
him in other cases? Although there is nothing
which 1 am not willing reasonably to do to en-
courage the settlement of Oregon, Washington,
and California, I do not think it right that such a
discrimination should be allowed to stand on the
statute-book.
Mr. KING. It is disputed by the gentlemen
on the other side of the House what this prop-
osition is. I would ask that the portion to be
stricken out be read, that we may judge for our-
selves what the amendment is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
Mr. KING. That is all I want.
Ttie Secretary read it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have some recollection of
this clause in the act of 1854, which gives to post-
masters an additional compensation at separating
offices. I was a member myself of the Of;
fice Committee at the time it was adopted. I
know the object which it was designed to effect,
and I think I can say I know now the object was
not effected. What is a separating office ? Let
the Senate understand that in the first place.
There are distributing offices. I think there is
but one distributing office in a State. It has a
■ technical meaning. It has a meaning which 13
understood by everybody. It is the" cxnice to
which letters are mailed from other and distant
States, and there distributed to all the other of-
fices in the State where that distributing office is.
I What is a separating office ? There is no other
definition of it than this: any office is a separat-
ing office where two mails meet. If two mails
pa*ss one office at right angles, and mail matter is
left out of one mail and retained in that office,
