1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
KANSAS.
Mr. SEWARD. At the request of the presi-
dent of the late constitutional convention held jn
the Ti rritory of Kansas, at Leavenworth, I sub-
mit a memorial of the people of Kansas, in con-
vention assembled, a^comnanicd by a constitu-
tion adopted by that convention, and ratified at an
election of the people of Kansas, with the evi- j|
deuces of the election, and Lask that the papers t\
may be referred to the Committee on Teuitorieg. !l
The mernoi idl prays for the admksron of Kansas [(
into the Union, as a State, under tine constitution. ■!
The papers were referred to the Committee on i
Territories. j
BILLS INTRODUCED. |,
Mr. BIGLER, m pursuance of previous no-
lice, °ske(i and obtained leave to mttoduce a bill ,j
(S. No. 400) leguktin'i; 'be location of the pub- -i
he buildings at Philadelphia; which was lead i
twice by us tuk. and leit-ired to the Committee
on the Post Ofnce and Post Roads. i
ERUNSWIQK NAVAL DEPOT. :
Mr. IVERSON submitted-the following reso- '
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- ;
sent, and agteed to: j
Rrsolvcl, That t^o Becietary of the Xavy bo requested to
communicate to the  5oufitfj i<at action ii.i> l>c$ n taken. or ,
is intended 10 be taKen, hy the D  pan men t low atd-aiie con- i
ftiac-1'on o'" the navai at l>i di.-vv ick, Georgia. ami that !
lie ai>o tiau=i.p.t to the Senate c.pies ot all cnrre-pondence ^
and orhet panel- on file in thrt Department. upon the sub- ;
jec! of die t*a!e and pinebdj-e <>i tlic &ite for said depot; aKo, I
a >toifm< sit ««i)ov\ ni<? tlie seveiai amount.-, and foi wiiatob- j
jecf- expanded,oi theimid appiopnated by Cmur-ess for j
the pinciia^eof f-aid.-iteaml tlie cou- u action oi siml depot, i
POST ROUTES IN ALABAMA. \
Mr. I^iTZPATRICIv submittpd the following '
resolution; which was considered by unanimous j
consent, and agreed to:. !
Tlrioh e>l, That the Conn-nuee on (lie Pn*t Oi^r-p and Po«t '
RoacK be m^ti noted to mquae into the expediency of o-aab-
Ji&hm3 a post lo'irc uom Pleasant fiiii aniie cit> oi Bdma,
in tiie county of Diikis, hi the State of Alabama
- REPORTS OF COMMITTEES- (
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands* to whom were referred the memorial of j
the Leavenworth and Fort Gibson Railroad Com- ;
pany. ni rlansas Territory, praying for a Lr> \nt j
of land to aid in tht4 con?:: action ot that road; a |
petition of citizens of j\ew \ ork, piaying th.it all
further traffic in. and monopoly of, the ]>ubhc
lands, may be picvented, and that t'uy may bo ,
laid out m farms or lots for the use of actual set- ;
tiers only; the memorial of the Pacific and Pueblo 1
City Railroad Comply, praying for a -rant of ^
land to aid in the construction of their road; a '
petition of citizens of New Yoik, piaymi; that the !
public la uds i:iair be laid out in fat ms for the free J
and exclusive u-^c of a-^ual settlers; tlie petition
of Reuben Knight and others, who>- chums for :
bounty laud, undir the act oi !Mruvh J, have
been rejected, prayiiuj a Modification of that act; .
the memorial ot Lewis Puiny and others, ofil- i
e°rs and solcbeis of the Bind: Hawk war. pray- ,
ing such ar, amendment of the bounty land laws ,
as will include those who served m said war less ;
than fourteen days; the petinou oi .A.Payne,:
praying tiie passage oi a law repealing the conci- i
tion ot'settlement and culuvaiton imposed upon
purchasers of lands gtadiuUed to tv,«h'o and a
half cents per acre; the memorial of John A. Ra-
iran. submitting a plan to piownt the overflow
of the Mississippi and its tnbuiaiies, and pray-.
incc a grant of bnd to enable him to effect that
object; a memmud of the Les;3slature*of Minne-
sota, prnyins: that a ^rrnt of land may be m^de
to a:'l in'th^ con^t.'uc'ion of the "Psmmngcr, St. 1
X\ter's,and. Western railroad; scvciul memonals
of t!ie L/'^n-iaUire of ?J.inncsota, piaving agrai.t '
of laud to aid m the an, uef.on of a railroad ,
firm Wmonu, Ma C!;v^iit und Ikownevillc,
to the point of p-iivtsoii w11 o tn; AIn\varkee and
MiSMSoipnt road . er the southern boi.nih.ry line of
the Si a'e', and a,^innt of iaeil to aid m the construc- ,
tmii of a raihoad from tiie confluence of taeSouth-
ern branch, of Reotmvr to Sioux Palls City: a
memorial of the Legislature ol Minnesota, play-
ing an amendment to the ect granting land to tnat
State for railroad [uu'pos- s; and a memorial of ,
th" Ledshuure of .Minnesota, praying that giants
ot land may be made far the establishment of ag- ■
ricultuial colleges in ihat and ether States, and ^
that a homestead of one hundred and sixty acrcfc
may be granted to actual setters; submitted ad-
verse reports therein.
He also, from the same committer, to whom
was referred tiie joint resolution (S. No. 62) ex-
planatory of an act approved March 3, 1S55, en-
ti'lod <{ An act granting bounty land to certain
oncers and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military service of the United States," reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a.
petition of citizens of the District of Columbia,
praying the enactment of a law to prevent mali-
cious mischief, and to protect property in said
District, reported a bill (S. No. 480) to prevent
malicious mischief and protect property in the
District of Columbia; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of the appointment of
American consuls at the ports of Guaymas, Ma-
zat]an,ManzamilOjami La Paz, in Mexico, asked
to be discharged fiom their fin ther consideration.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was leferred the petition of Abel Ilddreth, pray-
ing an appropriation to enable him to set up and
attach to the bell at White Head a simple appa-
ratus, invented and patented by him, for keeping
up a continual alarm bv the operation of the rise
and fall of the tides, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILt.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As the morning hour
seems to be concluded, I wish to move that the
bill making provision for the indemnity on ac-
count of French spoliations, be taken up. This
is the day which was assigned for its considera-
tion sometime before our holidays. I move that
that bill be now taken up.
Air. CLAY. It is known probably to the Sen-
ate that 1 am opposed to that bill. 1 do notknow
that 1 shall feel it necessary to assign the reasons
for my opposition; but in order to test the strength
of the bill, I will ask for the yeas and nays on
taking it up.
The yeas and nays were ordered; find being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 18, as follows:
Yl'AS—-Bates, Ba\ard, Bell, Benjamin, Biijrlit,
(HitUidlcij I'uuk, Collamcr, CnUKiideu, Diaoii, Doolittle,
Fe .-eniUiii, I<'uot, Hamlin, Kennedy, Puarcc. £e\v-
■ud, Simmons Stuart, Thompson of New Jersey, Tium-
bn!l. Wad", and Wilson—21
NA VS—M  Ijij'Ici, Prodenclc, Prown. Clav, Davit,
Fnzjinirick, Gieen. Gwui, 'ii.nhui. Humor, lverK>u, John-
sou of A tKan?a , Jo!j'kon ot Toaijef-soe, Joncb. l^oik, Pugli,
Keid. acd Siub'lt—)3.
So the motion was agreed to": and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (3. No. 45) to provide for the ascer-
tainment and satisfaction of the claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations committed by the
French, prior to the 31st day of July, 3801.
The bill was read. It prowdes that satisfaction
shall he made, as thereinafter provided, to an
a'nountnotex^eedingrwj'nlO^UO, to such citizens
of the United States, or to their legal representa-
tives, as had vceid chums to indemnify upon the
French Government aiismg out of illegal captures,
detentions, forcible seizures, illegal condemna-
tions and confiscations, cc-mmiired prior to the
ratification of the convention between the United
Stales and the French Republic, concluded Sep-
tember 30, 1800, the ratifications of which were
exchanged on the 31st of July following: but the
provisions of the act are not to extend to_ such
claims as arc stipulated lor and embiaccd in the
i convention between the United Stales and the
1 French Republic, concluded April CO, J803, and
for the liquidation and payment whereof piovis-
ion is made in that convention; nor to such claims
1 as wcic allowed and paid, m wh'ilo or in pju't,
under the provisions of the treaty between the
United States and Spain, concluded on the 22d
of February, 1819; nor to f.uch claims as_ were
allowed, m whole onn part, under the piovisions
of the treaty between the United Wtates and
France, concluded on the 4th of July, 1831.
For the purpose of carrying into effect the pro-
visions of this act, and toaccei tain the full amount
and validity of the chums, three *comm;---sioners
are to be appointed by the President, by and w'nh
{ the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall
meet at the city of Washington, on or before the
f first Monday "in October next, and, within the
; space of three years from the timeuof their .fir-sfc
; meeting,shall receive,examine,and decide upon
| the amount and validity of all the daims.included
i within the description contained in this bUl> pod
; the Secretary of State is to be required forthwith
j to give notice of the meeting, to be published in
j three newspapers in Washington, and in suefi
i other papers as he may think proper. The corp* -
I missioners are to take oath or affirmation, to U&
entered on the record of their proceedings, for the
faithful and diligent performance of.their duties^,
and in ease.of the death or resignation of any-such
commissioner, his place may be supplied by ap-
pointment as theiein described, or by the President
during the recess of the Senate, of another com^
misstoner in hfs stead. Thceommissioners are
to be authorized to hear and examine all ques-
tions relative to the claims, and to reeeive'iill suit-
able testimony, on oath*or affirmation, and all
other proper evidence and documents concerning
the same; and the rules for the decision of the
commissions are to be the principles of justice,
the laws of nations, and .the former treaties be*
tween the United Suites and Fiance, to wit; the
treaty of amity and commerce of the-6th of Feb-
ruary, 1778; the treaty of alliance of the samedate5
and the consular convention of the 14th of IJovem-
her, 17S8. Their decisions are to be in writing,
and filed with their secretary, and the individuals
interested therein are, on demand, to have acopy
thereof. The promulgation of the decisions of*
the commissioners must be m public. The com-
missioners arc not, at any one time after the-lst
of December next, to ad journ for a longer period
than ten days, without the consent of the*Presi-
dent of the United States in writing. The com-
missioners are to be authorized to make all need-
ful rules and regulations, not contravening the
laws of the land or the provisions of this act, for
carrying their commission into full and complete
effect.
The Secretary of State is to procure, through
the American Minister at Paris, o'r otherwise,ail
such evidence and documents relating to the claims
as can be obtained from abroad; which, together
with the like evidence and documents on file in
the Department of State, or which may be filed
in the Department, may be used before the.com-
missioners by the claimants. The awards of all
such claims as may be admitted and adjusted by
the commissioners, to an amount not exceeding
$5,000,000, are to be paid pio rata; and-the Secre-
tary of State, acting upon that principle, is to
ascertain and fix the amount to be paid upon each
awaid, and the record of the proceedings of the
commissioners, and the documents produced be-
fore them,are,after the commission is closed, to
j: be deposited in the Department of State,
'j As soon as the commission is closed, and the
■ ' records of proceedings of the commissioners &re-
jl deposited in the Department of State, the Secre-
ji' tary of the Treasury, on the application in writ-
i ing of any claimant, his lawful attorney, executor,
" administrator, or assignee, is forthwith to sign
and issue to the person entitled thereto, certifi-
cates of United States five per cent, stock, hi such
sums as such applicant shall desne, not less than
£200 in each certificate, unless tlie award be for
■ } a k.ss 'sum, for the lull pro rata amount awarded
![ to such claimant; and such certificates of^stock
are to be redeemable at the pleasure of the United
jj States. Tiie President of the United States is to
be authorized to take any measure which he may
; deorn expedient for organizing the board of com--
| imssjonors, and for this purpose appoint, with the
! advice and consent of tlie Senate, a secretary well
i versed in the French and Spanish languages; and
the commissioners are to have power to appoint
a clerk and also a messenger; but the eompensa-
,i tion of these officers is not to exceed, to each com-
missioner, $3,000 per annum for three years only;
to the secretary of the boaid, $2,000 per annum;
to the clerk, $1,000; and to the messenger, §500;
; and tlie whole expenses of the commission are not
; to exceed £50,000; but-during the continuance of
the commission, all documents and communica-
! uous having lelation to the claims, winch shall
j, be addressed to or from the said secretary, are to
be free from postage.
The sum of £5,000,000, specified in this act,
| is to be in full discharge of till claims for com-
! pensation for the class of cases provided for in
this act; and the presentation of any^ claim or
ii memorial to the commissioners, for aujudication
