1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 24,
and separated from it to be put into another mail
that goes over a cross road, that is a separating
office. It therefore results in this, that every
post office in this country is a separating office
where there are two mails coming to it, and mat-
ter is retained out of one mail to be put into
another mail.
Now, there are cases where railroads in a State
may converge to a point, and at a town of consid-
erable importance, which is not a distributing of-
fice, and large quantities of mail matter come there
to be separated, and to be sent to the various States,
because at the distributing offices the records are
made up just as they are made up at the original
office from which they are sent. Now, in large
places there was a propriety of giving to the Post-
master General some discretionary power about
granting an additional compensation at these
places; but the result has been, (and 1 state pre-
cisely what the Postmaster General told me after-
wards,) that the power was so broad he did not
dare to use it; and I do not know that the power
had been used at all. I can only say, I do not
think that you can point out a single solitary sep-
arating office in all the northern States where one
farthing of additional compensation is allowed.
If that is so, I say that is a discretionary power
that never should be put into the hands of another
Postmaster Ceneial. If you will limit it to a cer-
tain sum to offices that require a certain service,
so that it shall not give to the Postmaster General
that discretion which will enable him virtually to
regulate and to increase the post offices over two
thirds of the whole country, then I will vote for
it; but I will not voto to give that power which
enables him to regulate the compensation of more
than one half the postmasters in the country, be-
cause, technically speaking, the offices that I have
alluded to are separating offices. That is the ob-
jection to it.
Now, sir, as to the other clause, it is not to af-
fect merely California. I do not know anything
about that, and I do not propose to speak about
it, but still the rule is a wrong one to depart from
the legislative power in any case. Vest the dis-
cretionary power in any officer, and by importu-
nity, or in somo other way, if the officer is not
allowed to abuse the power he is allowed to mis-
use it. The whole thing, as a principle, is wrong.
I think that part of the section, which is proposed
to be stricken out, ought not to be stricken out,
and I shall vote to keep it in.
Mr. YULEE. I think for the purpose of bring-
ing this bill to a conclusion, it will be bettor for
the amendment as proposed by the Senator from
California, although it goes a little beyond what
was contemplated by the committee, and as re-
quired by the Senator himself, to be stricken out;
and we can more discreetly make a provision that
will answer all thojust purposes of legislation,
and insert it in one of the other bills when they
come up. We have a bill before the committee
now in which we can introduce any amendment
necessary to limit the discretion of the Postmas-
ter General. I think, therefore, we might as well
strike it out, and have action upon the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would like to know what
the amendment now is that we are voting upon ?
The VICIS PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Secretaiy read it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, I ask what is the
amendment of the Senator from California?
Mr. GWIN. It is to strike out that portion
which repeals all the legislation in connection
with the Post Office Department as to small offi-
ces, from 1825 to the present time. I want to
strike it out, and let the legislation on that subject
remain as it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That leaves to the discretion
of the Postmaster General to make allowances at
"what are called separating offices.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. To the extent
of the existing laws.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state, if I understand
it, that, if this clause be stricken out, it leaves
the discretion in the Postmaster General to make
additional compensation at what are called sepa-
rating offices. If it is retained, it takes away the
discretion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the clause is retained,
does it take away the discretion of the Postmas-
ter General ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. KING. I was sorry to hear the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads assent to this amendment. I think this
amendment restrains one of the evils which have
produced the embarrassments of the Department;
and that is this discretion in the head of the De-
partment. We have heard from gentlemen of the
importunities to which the Department is sub-
jected for increased compensation. There is no
better rule to fix the compensation of persons in
public service, than a law by which all shall know
what they are to receive when they go into the
office, and with that to be contented. There
should be no discretion of this kind in the head
of a Department for various reasons. It is a suf-
ficient reason that it is liable to abuse, liable to
favoritism, to the granting of a larger allowance
to some than to others—considerations entirely
independent and separate from the public service.
Although it is not perhaps one of the largest
branches of expenditure, yet it is one of them, and I
think the recommendation from the Department—
and 1 understand this comes from the Depart-
ment—is a very sound and good one, and that it
has stronger reasons than the mere desire not to
take the responsibility of deciding upon the in-
creased compensation. I hope it will be retained.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it is much safer to
leave the payment of the postmasters to the law
than to the discretion of the Department. It is
liable to much abuse. There are constant appli-
cations, from these separating offices, for extra
pay; and each one makes out as favorable a case
as he can, and shows by his testimony great hard-
ship. The consequence is, it throws into the
hands of the Postmaster General the discretion of
allowing extra pay or not, to a large number, per-
haps an immense majority, of the post offices of
the United States. 1 think it is unsafe to leave
the pay and emoluments of so large a class of
officers to the discretion of the Postmaster Gene-
ral. He can abuse it if he pleases.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will state, to the credit of the present
Postmaster General, that he wishes to be relieved
of tins discretion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am delighted to hear that
the present incumbent of the Post Office Depart-
ment desires to be relieved from this discretion.
I think he ought to be relieved. I have innumer-
able applications from my State for this extra
pay, and the applicationsk^epcoming constantly.
When you grant it in one case, another desires
it, another, and another. Almost every office is
a separating office to a certain extent. Some sepa-
rate more mail matter than others; and I think
the Post Office Committee had better devise a law
applicable to the case and settle it by law, rather
than leave it to the unrestrained, unlimited dis-
cretion of the Postmaster General. A Postmaster
General who desires to do it can show favorit-
ism, by giving I115I1 pay or low pay to a post-
master, according to his discretion. It is liable
to abuse, and is the source of such annoyance
that we can never have peace in the country
among the different postmasters, as long as this
discretion exists. Whatever the pay is, let it be
regulated by law. If it is not enough, raise it by
law; but let the law, not the will of the Postmaster
General, fix the pay of the office. Public officeis
are dependent enough now upon the appointing
power, by the exercise of the power of removal,
instead of adding to it that of fixing their salaries.
I think it is a very dangerous practice. It is an-
noying to the Postmaster General; it is annoying
to those who represent the State, to whom appli-
cations aro sent; it is annoying to every one; it
is unequal; it is unjust. We ought to have the
means of knowing what the income of the office
is; and I think it should be fixed, certain, by law,
or some rule that we can understand, and that
'will apply alike all over the country.
Mr. BRODERICK obtained the floor.
Mr. YULEE. I had suggested 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from California yield to the Senator from Florida?
Mr. BRODERICK. I will get through in a
minute.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
This discussion has gone far enough. The rule
declares that no Senator shall speak more than
twice on the same subject, without leave of the
Senate.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, if I was in the
habit of speaking as often as the Senator from
Georgia, x should think it very well for him to
catechise me for addressing the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. I will venture to assert that
the records will show that the Senator from Cal-
ifornia speaks twice to my once.
Mr. BRODERICK. I doubt the fact. 1 deny it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will beg
Senators to pause. Does the Senator from Geor-
gia insist upon the point of order?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I wish to state that the
compensation of postmasters and incidental ex-
penses amount to $3,288,789, and the net reve-
nue accruing to $3,781,578. Under these circum-
stances, I would ask Senators who are prating
every day about economy, whether they arc going
to encourage this abuse? I consider it an abuse
that ought to be corrected, and for that reason I
stated very briefly to-night, that I was willing to
take my part of the risk for California. I believe
that no post office in my State will be closed, and
I am very sure that if the offices were put up for
sale, they would bring a premium in my State,
or in any State in the Union. That is my opinion
of my own State. I may be incorrect in regard
to other States. I hope that this exhibit will sat-
isfy any Senator that this abuse ought to be cor-
rected, and I am very sorry that the chairman of
the Post Office Committee nas seen fit to yield to
the importunities that have been made to him this
evening.
Mr. YULEE. I have not yielded to any im-
portunities; I have deferred to whatseemed to me
a discreet course. As has been stated by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] the com-
mittee had directed an amendment to be prepared
which would save the fourth section of the act of
1854, in relation to post offices upon the Pacific,
and the clause in the aclof the same year, which
related to the separating offices. It had escaped
my recollection at the time, because 1 depended
upon the Senator from California to prepare and
move the amendment, having myself been op-
posed to it in the committee. I recommended the
Senate to strike out the clause as it stands now,
for the purpose of closing the discussion, and
passing the bill; and that we would prepare, as an
amendment to a bill which is now before the com-
mittee, what is necessary to a just and proper
legislation upon this matter. We may be able,
perhaps, to define what shall be considered sepa-
rating offices, and thus limit the discretion of the
Postmaster General. It will be advisable to con-
tinue some of these as separating offices. It is
probable, also, there may be reasons why, upon
the Pacific coast, it may be advisable to continue
for a while longer the legislation of 1854, which
was then deemed advisable, and which I believe
has operated very well. Upon an act which is
now in the hands of the committee from the House
of Representatives, we can make such legislation
as will be discreet in reference to this subject.
The committee will report that measure soon. I
thciefore recommend, for the purpose of closing
the matter, that we adopt the motion of the Sen-
ator from California, to strike out that clause. I
will vote for it myself.
Mr. KING. I desire to ask one question of
the Senator from Florida. Is not this section, as
it stands in the bill, good as far as it goes ?
Mr. YULEE. I have thought so; but it goes
further than the committee thought it should.
Mr. KING. No further than I think it ought
to go.
Mr. YULEE. It is principally upon the sub-
ject of separating offices. It does go further than
perhaps would be discreet and advisable. It may
be advisable to designate by law what shall be
consideied separating offices, and thus limit the
discretion of the Post Office Department, without
damaging or endangering the public service. I
think it advisable to strike out the clause as pro-
posed by the Senator from California, and then
the committee can prepare an amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Why not leave this clause
in, and then prepare it?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir, we can prepare it for
another bill.
Mr. BRODERICK. That is not what I want.
I will vote for a bill correcting abuses, if you will
only leave this section in.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
