1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:2S5
the Senate should have been occupied. I reo-ret
that there are so many absentees, but the time of
the session ia short, every moment is of value to
the public, and 1 am unwilling, as I hope and be-
lieve needlessly, on this occasion, to occupy the
time of the Senate.
"Mr. GW1N. I hope the further consideration
of this bill will be postponed, that we may pro-
ceed with the regular order of business. The
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Biglesi] is in
the midst of aspeech on the Pacific railroad, and
1 move, therefore, to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill until to-morrow, m order
that we may take up the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEJT. 1 hope that we shall
have the vote now. I think it will be a great
economy of time if we are allowed to vote on
thij measure at once.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us dispose of this meas-
ure before we take up another.
Mr. WADS. Let us take the vote.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The bill was reported, to the Senate without
amendment. ,
Mr. DAVIS. I did not expe'et this bill to bo
ccUed up this 'morning and huiried to a vote in
this manner. The positions taken by the Sena-
tor who has addressed the Senate on this occasion,
sounded to me extraordinory. To state that no
report ever had been made against it, that every-
body had i)Lcn for it, from General Washington
down, and yet that payment had been delayed,
is to put those who pieced'.d us in a very awk-
Waid position.
j\Ir. ClUTTEXDr.N. The Senator misunder-
stood me, I think. I sorted that there had been
three unfavorable ,vp'->r?s io (his body, but those
reports had been anvo-'dent to 182*, when the
public documents n latino to this .subject, on a res-
olution of tins body, y/ei o brought into the Senate,
and that from that time there had been no adverse
report.
Mr. DAVIS. I heard the Senator but imper-
fectly, and should very much piefe: <«> s r ins
remaikn befor? atiemnung to reply to th^m, be-
cause there v;as a givat deji 1 could nor hear at all.
Mr. GWT >r. The Senator wanu to di>euss
tins question '  
Mr. DAVIS. I uo not a>k the Senate to post-
pone it for m,
Mr. GW1N. The Scoter from Pennsylva- !
nia is on the iloor on *hc oth'-r question, i mike
a motion that this bill be postponed until to-mor- >
row; and 1 ask for the yeas and nays on that
question. ;
The yeas and ivys wtie ordered.
Mr. CIUTTLNDEX. C'_t tanny, if my ft lend |
from Mississippi is desirous to be heard oil the j
bill, I shod nof object.
Mr. SI-IWAftl). The cail for the yas rnd :
nays may be dispensed with, and Lucre will be ;
do objection to th<' p^nrnement. :
The VICE PilESl DLA'T. The Chair hears no ,
objection to withdrawing- the csll for the yeas and ■
Days. 1
The motion to postpone was agieed to. |
PACU-IC RAILROAD. j
The Senate resumed the consideration of the .
bill ($. No. 65) to authorize the President of the I
United States to contract for the transportation |
of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, ■
and all other Go\crnment_service, by railroad, .
from the Missouti river to San Francisco, m the ;
State of California. i
Mr. tfiOLEil. Islr. President, I have for some
days desired to give expression to my views on ■
the subject of a iailro^d to the Pacific ocean; not,
indeed,' that I am vain enough to believe that I
, i,an advance any new or efiective argument m fa- ;
vor of the measure, for thj subject has been cx- ;
haunted by abt^r hands; or that 1 can m anyway j
influence ihe at\ion of the Senate on the question. ;
My mam purpose is to give form to my own views, .
on the general subject, before voting on the van- ,
ous and somewhat G^'smnSar propositions now
pending before the Senate, so that my true posi-
tion may be known to my constituent;:'. There
seems to be, I am happy to discover, but huh- di-
versity of opinion as to the mam object. All, or
nearly all, seem anxious fo>* the contraction of^a.
railroad across the public domain to the Pacific
ocean. The conviction seems to be general, as
well in the Senate as throughout the States, th.it
b such an improvement would be of vast advantage
'! to the country. The main differences are about
>j the proper means to accomplish the desired end;
| about the extent and character of the aid which
Congress may rightfully extend to the proposed
jj work, and as to its proper location.
i| For myself, I shall not be tenacious on minor
I; points. My object is to secure the construction
j, of a grand channel of intercourse between the At-
i lantic States and our Pacific possessions; not so
b much as a means of developing the material wealth
lj of the intermediate country and extending our
,! commerce, as of maintaining our rights and pro-
j! tecting our citizens on the. Pacific side. The
i! whereabouts of the road is with me a secondary
consideration. I care not that it be a few degrees
! further north, or further south, so that it be a great
j national highway, open to all, and of capacity suf-
\ llc.ent to answer all the purposes of the Govern-
; rnent, and the demands of commerce, trade, and
: travel. Though believing-only one railroad neces^
i sary, and that the coiistiuction of one will be a
!: to?k requiring quite all the aid the Government
!, will be willing to extend, and anxious that that
i! one road should be a fair representative and agent
of the Government, and be, m its location and con-
" struciion, satisfactory to the great mass of the
people, J am still, in view of the peculiar nature
of the question, willing to give to those who may
undertake the work, a liberal discretion as to Us
location. Certainly no one will contend that it
should be forced where nature dicJ-iiot intend it to
be. It should be on the best location; and for one
| I am willing to Peave the decision of that question
j j to the results of scientific investigation, and to
j, those business considerations which may properly
;! influence such an issue. Those who are to con-
!: struct, own, and manage the road, will be most
^ interested in the location; they will look for the
:j cheapest and best; as Mr. Benton said, " They
< will look before they leap, and if they do not, they
; will not leap long."' It is tiue, 1 prefer a ceriual j
; i oute, and 1 hope one somewhat oential may prove j
, acceptable; but I go'for a road, however far north j
' or south, rather than none. But I attach serious I
| imooi lance only to the location of the main trunk,
which is to extend across the mountain range,
; As for connections with the main trunk on the
' eastern, as well as on the western side of the
mountains, I can see no occasion for jealousy or
conflict among the friends of the measure as to
these.
The eastern terminus will inaccessible by rail -
; i oad'comnmnication to all the Atlantic cities, and
it found anywhere on the Missouri river, above
Sr. Louis, the difference in distance between it j
and those great cities would not be material. If !
• hxed the. mouth of Kansas river, it would be !
, about fourteen hundred and fifty miles from H' s- j
ton; twelve hundred and fifty miles from ]New j
York; eleven hundred and fifty miles from i'hila- i
| delphia; ten hundred and fifty miles from Charh s-
' ton, and nine hundred miles from New Oileans.
Besides, the countiy on the eastern slope, for
! btvu.d hundred miles, is susceptible of high cul-
tivation, and blest with a genial climate, being
i capable of sustaining a large population engaged j
in agriculture, mmmir, manufacturing, and the 1
• other arts of peace. This region, like the Atlan- ];
; he States, will, in due time, and with wondeiful ■
! rapidity, be checkered over in all its parts with b
railroads, extending north, south, and east, and |
| leading- to all the principal points on the Atlantic i
; side of the Union, seiving as feeders to the mam '
i trunk, and receiving m turn much of their patron- j
; agefiomits ample stores. You might name a :
; terminus anywhere—NewYork, Philadelphia, St. |
! Louis, or at the mouth of the Kansas.river—but i:
I ouch termmns. m point of practical operatioii, ■).
j would be but nominal. The road would be tapped ;i
: at every point west where the business of the j
country might require it, and the practical tenm- :
: nus would bo at the eastern side of the mountain '
i range. The South Pacific,.the Jeffctson, the :
| Hannibal and St. Joseph, the St. Joseph and At- [
' ohison, the several roads across the State of lov/a, ,'
! that up the Platte river, ai.d that from Atchison,
1 in Kansas, to Fort Kfarny, are each intended to .
reach the Pacific read, and will do so at some !i
time, no ;nat!er where it may be located. The ■'
mam trunk through the mountain region is the .
[desideratum. This should be property located, >
,j regardless of every other consideration; and m h
!| deciding this question due reference shuuld be il
had to the cost of the work, the heights 'off the
grades, and the character of the curvatures;
well, also, as to the nature of the climate and the
depths of the snows. •; * .* -  '
The road should not only be an efficient one
when built; but, if possible*, it should be so
week and day in-the year. This could not;be the
case were it located in a region where the fcnow
falls to great depths; for there is no more fatal im-
pediment to railroad travel, and no greater hazard
to the traveling public on railroads, than snow
drifts, in a severechmate. However fiercely the
iron horse may snort and smoke and thunder along
on a clear track, he is readily tamed in a snow-
drift. I have seen him so comjytetely subdued by
: this element, in a few hours, that he could go
neither back nor forward. The Russians have
attempted to avoid this difficulty by piacingtheirv
roads on embankments; but this could not be
done on an undulating surface, where cuts and
fills must follow each other in such rapid succes-
sion; for the cuts necessarily fill up. '
But, let me digress from the main subject for a
few moments, to notice the progress of railroad^
and their influence upon tha growth of the United
States. Thirty years ago railroads were unknown
in this country. Now about thirty thousand
miles, arc in operation', extending from State to
State, and from city to city, on the Atlantic side
of the continent; and it is now proposed to con-
struct two thousand miles more,to connect all these
with the Pacific. Of their happy effcct upon the
trade and commerce, as also upon the physical im-
provement and material wealth of the nation, I
need not speak; this is apparent to all. But their
influence upon the political growth and strength
of the Union, though less obvious-to the careless
mind, has been still more wonderful, and, if pos-
sible, more bcneficcnt. When that Union was
composed of thirteen States, the means of inter-
couise and communication between them were
tedious, inefficient, and uncertain; and, so far a3
all these w^re concerned, the Confederacy was
already a very large one; the States seemed widely
sepauited, and their people strangers to each
other. Even oidinary mail communication was
a tedious process. For instance, the news of the
battle of Bunker Hill was not known to the Con-
tinental Congress,'at Philadelphia, for a week
alter it occurred; when the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was enunciated, many weeks elapsed
before the event was known m all parts of the
infant Republic; and, as late as 1814, the Capitol
at Washington had long been in ashe^before the
startling ne>ws was known in all the States. Then
our Union, measuring its proportions by the time
necessary to communicate with its different parts,
seemed extended and unwieldy. Then it required
many days to communicate between even our
principal Atlaiifc cities; and weeks to send the
orders of the Government to its military forces
on the frontier, and months to move an army
from the interior or west to the sea-board.
It was not, therefore, singular that about that
time wise and prudent statesmen should have en-
tertained apprehensions of the danger of extend-
ing our possessions, and of increasing the num-
ber of States. But we have, nevertheless, gone
on extending our limits and acquiring new terri-
tory, until our western boundary is marked by
the waters of the Pacific. State after State has
been welcomed into the Union, until they now
number thirty-two; and yet, for all the purposes
of commerce and trade, for the arts of peace and
the end'3 of war, for political and social intercourse,
our country seems rather to have contracted than
expanded. Whatever now happens to one of the
States is known with wonderful promptitude to
all tiie others, save only the one on the Pacific;
so much so Uiat the States now find themselves
in daily and hourly intercourse with each other, -
and wi?h the Government at this place. Why,
fbii, the circumstance that I address you to-day
wiii be known to millions of the people_to-mor-
row, and in all the States save one: and ;n forty-
cmht hours after, the locomotive will have distrib-
uted the details of this day's proceedings to an
equS extent. Were any one of the States assailed
to-day by a foreign foe, the fact would be known
to ail the others, save one, to-morrow, and the
whole milltarypo wet oft hi s Atlantic Confederacy,
if 1 may so teim is, could be thrown to the point
of attack in a few uoya; and thus the wonderful
spectacle is witnessed, that, for all the purposes
