1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
State only amounts to that small sum. I ask the
Senator from California if he would like to de-
prive them of the benefit of a law that will enable
the people to secure the service of somebody who
will distribute and hand out the mails to the
people to whom they are directed?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator inform us
how much of that sum comes from this law which
it is proposed to repeal ?
Mr. LANE. Then, I will say to the Senator
from California that there is of net postages,
paid into the Department, $6,516, from the offices
in Oregon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. How much comes in of the
$5,000 received from the law which it is proposed
to repeal?
Mr. LANE. I will state to the Senator that I
have not the figures, or anything to show the
amount of benefit derived by the postmasters
there, under this law. I imagine, however, that,
but for the benefit of this law, we would not be
able to get anybody to discharge the duties of
postmaster in our little villages and country post
offices, ft has not been abused in Oregon. It
amounts to but a small sum, and we simply ask
what is necessary to secure the service of postmas-
ters for our post offices. 1 ask the Senate if they
will repeal the law and deprive us of the benefit
of postmasters to deliver to the people their mail
matter?
Mr. BRODERICK. I said nothing about the
Senator's State. I spoke of my own State, and
repeated half a dozen times here, this everting,
that I spoke of California. I said that I believed
it was a great abuse in my State. I know noth-
ing of the Senator's State, it is a very small
thing there, as the amount will show.
Mr. LANE. Did you say they were a small
expense to the Government?
Air. BRODERICK. Put it m any light you
please. I merely speak for my own State, not for
Oregon. I did not intend to reflect upon Oregon.
I suppose her Senators can take good ctuo of
her.
Mr. LANE. I hope tliat, inasmuch as the Sen-
ator from California wishes to strike his own
State down by his motion, he will not strike
down the offices in the Territory of Washington
and in Oregon, and therefore 1 hope he will strike
out Oregon and Washington.
Mr. BRODERICK. Oh, no, sir; I want nil
the thirty-three States of this Union to stand on
the same platform. I do not want to legislate in
favor of any one particular State. I want them
to all stand alike. If I have made a mistake Ivre
this evening, I will try t<> correct it when J come
hero next winter, if 1 should live so long, and not
resign in the mean time.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. As the last two votes would leave
this matter in doubt as to whether that section
was repealed or not, I move to insert this amend-
ment, to come in at tin; end of the eleventh sec-
tion:
Tliat the fourth section of the act appioved July27,
entitled uAii act making provision for the po--t.il set vice m
the State of California, and m the Tenumies of Oregon ami
Washington," be, and the s-auie is hereby, lepealed.
Mr. G WIN. Jt is repealed by tins bill as it
now stands.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then the amendment can do
no harm.
Mr. WILSON. It is very safe, then, not to
leave it to inference.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to submit another
amendment. It is to the original bill.
Mr. IVERSON. It is proper to act upon the
amendment now under consideration before we
go back to the original bill.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The present occu-
pant was not m the chair when the other amend-
ments were acted upon; but he understands that
this whole bill is an amendment to the original
post route bill; and an amendment to this amend-
ment is now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out the
proviso to the first section. My object in making
that motion is to abolish entirely the franking
privilege. The bill provides that it shall be done
generally, but still leaves it to a very few persons.
It will only complicate accounts in the Post Office
Department. I think when we undertake to abol-
ish it, we should abolish it entirely. I move,
therefore, to strike out the proviso to the first sec- j
tion of the bill: |
"Provided, nevertheless. That nothing in this act contained I
shall be construed to repeal any special law heretofore en- j
acted granting the franking privilege to any ex-President, j
or to any person or persona to whom the privilege has been j
granted by name." (
Mr. MASON. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. I think I have gone with other gen-
tlemenjasfar as we ought to go, in abolishing
the franking privilege. Those who have held the
high position of President ought not to be bur-
dened with any of the consequences of it. It has
pertained to them almost from the foundation of
the Government. I hope we shall have some re-
gard to the example of those who have gone be-
fore us, and to what they have done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have but a word to say.
The bill abolishes the franking privilege to the
President. Why not to the ex-Presidents? It
seems to me, to retain it even for those few per-
sons, will make itnecessary to keep upafree list.
It is a very simple matter; and my only object
was to have uniformity. I think we had better
abolish it entirely, if the existing Piesidcnt
cannot frank, why should they?
Mr. MASON. It is a very small matter, and
had better not be disturbed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KING. I desire to offer an amendment,
to be inserted as an additional section:
 1nd be it farther enacted) That the postage for all dis-
tances between two po«t offices within the tinned States,
shall horeai'tci be a uniiorni late oi three cents.
This amendment directs that letter postage shall
hereafter be a uniform rate of three cents for each
letter for any distance between two offices in the
United States, and abolishes the distinction be-
tween the Pacific coast and ourselves. My opin-
ion is, that the difficulty in our Government, al-
though it has resulted in a great degree principally
from the bad management of the party in the as-
cendency in the Government, is also attributable
to a considerable extent to the derangement and
revulsion of business and of the times generally.
The revenues of the Post Office Department, and
all other Departments of the Government, have
suffered m common with the general business of
the country.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a question of order. The
amendment is out of order, and if so, certainly
the speech is out of order. It is inconsistent with
a piovision of the bill which it does not propose
to strike out. It is that the postage within cer-
tain limits shall be five cents on each letter of a
certain amount of weight, and beyond that lim-
itation it shall be ten. I leave it to the Chair
whether the amendment is not out of order, be-
cause it is inconsistent with that provision of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that he has just come into
theehan, and the bill now before the Chair is an
amendment to the post route bill. This amend-
ment contains a provision for paying postages of
five and ten cents, and the Senator from New York
proposes, as an amendment, to amend the propo-
sition now before the Senate. The amendment
is m order, because the Senate has not yet agreed
to the original amendment.
Mr. YULKE. But the Senate, upon a distinct
vote, refused to strike out that provision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the motion was to strike out and in-
sert another provision.
Mr. KING. I have no disposition to speak.
I move to sti ike out this portion of the bill which
regulates the lates of postage, and insert the sec-
tion which has just been read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves, as an amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike out, in lines seven, eight, nine, and
ten, of section nine, the following words:
" For any distance between places in the United States
not exceeding tlnce thousand miles, live cents, and for any
distance ovei three thousand miles, ten cents.'5
And insert in lieu thereof:
For all distances between two po<t offices within the
United States, shall hereafter be a uniform rate of three
cents.
Mr. KING. As I stated, I believe the reasons
of the present embarrassment of the Post Office
have resulted m causes not alluded to, but which
are sreneral with reference to the business of the
whole country, and to the great extravagance in
the attempts to furnish these facilities to the people
of the country, by giving them daily and tri-
weekly mails where mails of less frequent supply
should be granted. I think the Post. Office De-
partment ought to be made to sustain itself; and
1 think it could do that and supply the country
with fair facilities, if we did not attempt to give
everybody a daily mail, and, upon many of these
mail routes, two or three daUy mails at heavy and
enormous charges, which, in my judgment, are
unnecessary. If you give them between two cities
or two places, they want them between others. I
would cut the garment according to the cloth 1
had; and if the means and revenues of the De-
partment did not enable me to furnish all the fa-
cilities which were asked for, I would supply
them with less, but would give all that the reve-
nue would produce. In my judgment, a much
larger number of the people of the United States
would be accommodated by this uniform rate of
three cents postage; and not only would they be
much larger accommodated, but, in my opinion,
the revenue of the Department would be much
larger.
I was m the other House of Congress when
this reduction of postage took place, and advo-
cated it with the perfect, confidence that it would
increase instead of diminish the amount of post-
age received. The apprehension on the other sido
was that the revenue would so fall off that the
Department could not sustain itself; and it was
the apprehension growing out of that view of the
subject that led to these discretionary lines that
enabled the Postmaster General to make these al-
lowances, which have run up the expenses of the
Department from four or five millions to eight,
or ten, or eleven millions a year, whatever the
amount is. Whatever may be the judgment of the
Senate upon the propriety of adopting that rate
of postage now, I offer the amendment rather as
an evidence of my opinion upon this subject, and
let the Senate dispose of it, for I have no dispo-
sition, at this late hour, to occupy any time. I
have alluded only to these causes that I may not
have been supposed to have offered the proposi-
tion from any capricious purpose; but my delib-
erate judgment is, that that is the best rate of
postage we could have.
Mr. LANE. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order.
Mr. LANE. Tiieti I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York, that if he will graduate the
postage I will go with him. I voted to increase
the postage, believing it necessary for the main-
taining of the Post Office Department, or rather
to enable it to sustain itself; but if he will pro-
vide in this amendment, that the rate of postage,
under five hundred miles, shall be three cents;
over five hundred miles, five cents; and over three
thousand miles, ten cents; I will vote for it.
Mr. KING. The Senator will perceive that I
propose to icgulate it both for distances under
five hundred miles and over five hundred miles,
and I propose to make it three cents for each.
Mr. LANE. Then I shall vote against it, be-
cause it will not support the Department. I only
wish to say that I voted for the increase of post-
age upon the conviction that the present rate of
postage will not defray the expenses of the Post
Office Department; and it ought to be self-sustain-
ing. 1 will be very happy to go with any gen-
tleman who would arrange and graduate the rate
of postage according to the distance designated,
so as to raise a revenue sufficient for defraying
the expenses of that Department, or to make it,
in other words, self-sustaining.
Mr. GWIN. Is it in order to move to amend
the Senator's amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now an
amendment to an amendment pending.
Mr. GWIN. I want to strike out <e three,"
and insert five.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is already five.
Mr. GWIN. No; this amendment proposes
to make the rate uniform at three cents. I want
to make it uniform at five.
Mr. HARLAN and Mr. REID called for the
yeas and nays on the amendment; and they were
ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment.
