236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
of government, the Confederacy of thirty-two
States is more compact and .conveniently man-
aged than was that of the original thirteen. Rail-
roads and telegraphic wires have worked this phe-
nomenon m our country's progress. It was these
great agencies, keeping pace with the growth of
the country, that have seemingly counteracted,
and far more than counteracted, its physical ex-
pansion; and, by the annihilation of space, to
have drawn its several parts into a more close
alliance and intercourse, as they have also at
the same time, and. perhaps, forever, put to rest
all apprehensions of danger to the Republic by
the extension of its limits. And now, sir, per-
mit me to ask whether there is one man in this
body, or one in the nation, who is not willing,if
not anxious, that these great agencies shall con-
tinue to move onvvard pail passu with the future
giowth of the country and perform their munifi-
cent functions? Havmgthus already brought the
States oast of the Rocky Mountains within a fam-
ily curie, they are extending their strong arms
towards ihe " Far West" in order, if possible, to
bring the Pacific States andTerntones within the
same accessible and intimate relation. Who is
not anxious that the States of California and Ore-
gon, the Territories of Washington and New
Mexico, shall be included in this familiar circle ?
As to Utah, until she behaves bell,ei, she must
not expect to be welcomed into civilized society;
while I doubt not the road would become an evi-
dent agent of her reformation. Rut, these things
can only be attained by carrying this agency over
the mounlam barrier found between us and them.
The belt of barren country between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific has arrested the westward
progress of tailroads, and the work of overcom-
ing tins obstacle is evidently too great for indi-
vidual means. The eonstiuction of a raihoad for
moiv than a thousand miles over u somewhat in-
hospitable region, illy suited in its natuial condi-
tion for agricultuio and mechanic arts, however
rich in mineral lesoiuecs, is no ordinary enter-
puse. If the Government would enjoy it, she
must extend toward it a most hbetal suppoif. It
is at least evident that if left to mere commercial
considerations, i! is not likely to be consti acted
in time to answer the pressing necessities of the
Government. Merely ior commerce, it might be
detected; but tin4 wants of the General Govern-
ment will, I doubt no!, become imminent. IS or
is it presented as tin oi dinarv uulrond enterprise;
the consideiations which smround it. and impel
lis to its cons!ruction, me far higher and, if pos-
sible, nobler, than the motives ordinarily at the
bottom ofradroad nieasuies. To my own mind
H is fai more a measure of militaiy power and
poll! ical pi ogress on the Pacific coast than of ina-
tenal wealth and population to ihe intermediate
counuy; moiv one of political and social inter-
com.m1, of unify and fiateinily between the At-
lantic dial Pac.fie members of the Union, than of
tuule and cimmi'ive, though essential to the pio-
hioiion of eadi and aii of those mteie-us. We
must have < o tuple! e eom mm id over, and t he power
to protect, the possessions we now have, if we
would heieafter induce neighboring States to ac-
cept our free institutions as their form of govern-
ment. We must have constant and rapid inter-
course bet w! en the Atlantic and Pacific States, as
a means of chorir-d'hig those political, commercial,
and social ties whn.h lend civilized communities
t'«_<geihei, !.e^i (tini, injam, frelermty, and power.
Sli; H this r<-l ition be inought about? Shall
this obsf.u !e In k moved, or shall it forever in-
terpose ; ft is ihe only hairier in the way of nn-
hijiit< d railroad con:mumcai ion between the States
that me and aie to be. Shall it forever interrupt
raihoad nuei'muiLo, whu h lias alieady accom-
plish' u so much Joi the confederacy of States'
There it hes, s;r, in its full length and breadth,
acro-j.s iin,- pubho (iomam, and the; e it will he for-
eu t, ijni, j: i* j11;t an nnpa&.-ablo barrier, and it
must be ovueome. I'he Government has a deep
soike m the cmerprise; and why should it not
lend its countenance, its properiy, and its credit;
I agtvc, sir, that the construction of laiiioads is
ii oi one of the objects of Government; and were*thc
pui poses of the one m view only commeicial, and
was it to extend over a legion of country suscep-
tible of hi'ih cultivation in its full extent, I should
be lelucitujt to connect theGovernment with itin
eny way; bat it is far otherwise; a great burner
is found in the way of political, social, and com-
mercial reciprocity, and military aid and defense
between widely-separated members of the Union,
each having equal claims upon the favor and
guardianship of the Government at Washington.
Individual capital is not equal to the herculean
task; the inducements are insufficient, and the
strong arm of the Government must be extended
to the work.
Nor will it do to regard this work as an ordi-
nary railroad scheme. The obstacle to which I
have referred is one of its distinguishing charac-
teristics. However rich that region may be in
minerals, (and I doubt not it contains valuable
treasure, and perhaps a large portion of its soil
may be susceptible of cultivation by irrigation, as
claimed by the Senator from California,)-it is
not the character of country that presents induce-
ments to farmers—the pioneers of a new country.
They will always seek that region best suited by
nature for their pursuits; where the least measure
of labor will produce the largest amount ofjsub-
sistenco. Over such a country the agriculturist
and mechanic will spread, and be immediately
followed by the manufacturer, the capitalist, and
then by railroads. But not"so as to the region in
view; as to it the usual process of settlement must
be inverted; the railroad must be the pioneer, arid
draw after it population, capital, and the indus-
trial pU I SUltS.
I think the Government should aid this work
as a means of political power and military de-
fense; and the people of the United States should
build it as a means of contending for the greatest
commercial pnze that has been staked in modern
times, and as the most effective agency of devel-
oping the material wealth of their vast domain.
The general subject, therefore, is one of moment-
ous importance, and should command the atten- ji
tion of the wisest men of the land. It is not a ;j
question to be lightly treated; for its consequences I j
arc pregnant with great results to the nation. j[
We should look at the subject calmly, and de- j!
ternnne what is best for the future of our glorious
Union. The statesmen of the*Vevolutionary times j
and of the earlier days of the Republic do not ,
seem to have been fatalists m theiropinions. They
did not trust gicat objects, touching the growth
of our country, to the course of " manifest des-
tiny,*' nor lo the policy of" masterly inactivity."
They i el led upon action—well-considered and
well-directed action. The independence of the
Republic, was not the result of fate; nor was the
formation of our republican Government, with
its numerous independent sovmeignties perfectly
equal in them ights—acting through and sustain-
ing a common Government—ihe work of chance;
■ nor was the purchase of Louisiana and Florida
the result of accident. Each and all of these acts
were the fruits of a wire and sagacious policy.
Let us, then, attempt to glance at the future.
; Let me allude to the impoitancc of tins work j
■ in a military point of view. No statesman, it j
■ seems to mo, can contemplate the inevitable con- ,
dition of California m case of a war with a strong !
. nnvai Power without painful solicitude. The first ;
sixty days of a war with such a Power would, in
all probability, see her cut off from all intercourse
with the Atlantic Status, and would see us with-
out the means of sending an army to her relief
through our own possessions. She would be
left to struggle, peihaps to fall, alone. At pres-
ent, it would rcquiie four or five months to send j
' an ai my to hir rescue overland; and if the demand :
should be made m the inclement season of the year, 1
relief could not be extended atall. Can the Gov- ■
einmentiook upon a picture of this kind with in- ,
difference ? Shall we sec a far-off, though wealthy
and cherished Commonwealth, thus hazarded?
! May Congress be thus careless of the obligations
which rest upon them to proviue the means to
'* lepel invasion ? " Is nor such an object worthy 1
ofthe best efforts of the Government ? And does it
not wcii j an I the exeicise of a hi^ii degree of power
on the part of Congress to prowde means of ready |
d< '"''iise for such valuable possessions J ]
Pur myself, sir, 1 ran see but httle difference j
between such a work and the construction of forts j
to defend the commercial cities of our seaboard. !
Were California assailed by a foreign foe to-day, I
would it not be the bounden duty of the Goveriir j
ment to go to her aid with all possible dispatch, j
and "repel the invasion?" And, in doing so, who j
will pretend that the means of the Treasury may i
not be legitimately expended to construct roads 1.
and bridges over -which to pass the army ? Such
use of the public money has constantly been
made. Was it not proper to construct a road for
the army from Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico?
Was it not proper to construct a road to Utah?
and would it not be allowable, were we engaged
in war, to expend the money of the Government
to almost any extent to secure a rapid transit of
the army from one point to another? If these
things may be done, why then may we not, in
time of peace, prepare to meet exigencies that
must inevitably arise in time of war? It could
as well be objected to the construction of forts in
time of peace as to the work in view. Gentlemen
may think lightly of this view of the subject; for
they may be ready to conclude that we are to
have no war; and I trust, in God's name, their
impressions may prove correct; for war is al-
ways a calamity, but it is not so great a calamity
to a nation as submission to insult and degrada-
tion; nor need we disguise the fact that our Gov-
ernment is at present, to a greater or less extent,
involved m imbroglios with England,Nicaragua,
Mexico, and Spain, from which such a misfor-
tune might readily arise. 1 am not specially a
war man, nor do I believe the people of the Uni-
ted States desire such a struggle with any other
Power; but it cannot be disguised that their pa-
tience has been seriously tested within the last
twelve months by indignities offered to our flag
by the British, under various, and, to my mind,
only specious pretenses. I never desired an
American sea-captain to violate law, or the in-
struetionsof the Government; butl must confess,
that had one of our men-of-war sunken the Styx
or Buzzard, or any other offending vessel of the
British navy. I should have been slow to break
the commission of the captain. There is at least
enough in tlvse things to suggest the possibility
of war, and I tell gentlemen that when war does
come with any respectable foreign Power, the first
and most universal exclamation amongst states-
men and military men will be. " What a misfor-
tune it is that we have notarailroad to the Pacific
coast!" And it would be singular, sir, if the first
six months of such a war did not cost us, for the
want of such an avenue, the price of its construc-
tion. Who will talk about estimating our rights
and possessions on the Pacific coast by dollars
and cents' Who can look through the dim vista
of the future, and measure the amount of com-
merce that is to be drawn to our country from
our possessions on that seaboard ? "Who will fix
a price upon California—a State which, for the
rapidity of its growth, and the facility with which
wealth and power has been brought into exist-
ence, and all t he ends of civilization accomplished,
has no parallel in the history of this country,
or any other. No longer ago than IS46, it was
comparatively unknown, with an Anslo-Saxon
population not exceeding ten or twenty thousand;
now its population is five hundred thousand.
Since the tune that Moses passed through the
wilderness, there has never been a case of dis-
covering, occupying, and improving a country
with such rapidity.
I suppose, sir, it will hardly be pretended that
in case of war an eaily, if not the first, assault of
the enemy would not be upon our possessions
on the Pacific coast. Will any man say that we
aie in a condition to defend them? I think not,
unless the attack is by a fet.ble naval Power.
Then, fir, with what pmnnety can we talk about
the acquisition of additional possessions? Talk
about a war for Cubn, and anont a protectorate
over neighboring Stales, while we must confess
that we have not the moons of promptly and
thoroughly protecting the possessions we now
have! Let us establish this great protectorate for
ourselves, and we shall then be in better condition
to influence the destiny of others. How many
Senators aie there opposed to the Pacific railroad
who would refuse to vote two or three hundred
million dollars for the purchase of Cuba? I pre-
sume notone; few of them would vote more than
myself. And will they not grant a portion of the
public lands, (which, without die railroad, will
remain valueless,) and the credit of the Govern-
ment, to a moderate extent, as a means of secur-
ing to us California and Oregon and Washing-
ton, and securing the means of civilizing Utah?
The truth is, the estimated cost of this avenue to-
the Pacific is a bagatelle compared with the value
of the considerations involved; and all that is pro-
