1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
posed by the pending bill is little more than has
been done for railroads in all the new States.
"Why, sir, my only fear is, that the aid proposed
is quite insufficient to accomplish the object.
1 do not care to elaborate this idea of military
defense; but, sir, let me ask you what would have
been the fate of the English and French at Sebas-
topol, had the Russitfns possessed a thorough
railroad communication from St. Petersburg to
that point, by means of which they could have
thrown their immense army, with the necessary
provisions, into the,struggle in a few days'time?
Suppose Mexico had had efficient railroad inter-
communication from the halls of the Montezumas
to Vera Cruz: how could General Scott have ef~ j!
fected a landing? Or, suppose those railroad fa- j,
cilities had extended to the Rio Grande: what ij
would have been the fate of Gcneial Taylor at i|
Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palmar And, sir, !'
what power strong enough to meet us on the Pa- j
cific coast, if we had such a means of transmit- j
ting men and munitions of war; or what Power ,
so weak that it might not, for a time, annoy and j
degrade us, without it? But. sir, I find tins point ;
most happily and clearly discussed by the late j
Secretary of War, now the Senator from Missis- •
sippi, and I shall ask the indulgence of the Sen- :
ate whilst I read a few extracts from that admi- ;
rable paper. They are as follows: j
" The tacts developed by these ?uive\~=, added to other I
information which we suggest some considerations 1
of gie;u niieie^t with regaid to ourteriitoiy on tue i'aeihe. \
They exhimt it as a nuriow s-Iope ot an aveiage width of j
less than one hundred and fifty wiles ot cultivable land, j
sKiinug the ocean lor a distance of one thousand miles, ;
rich in tho e mineral pioduetions winch are tempting even '
be} oud uii.'ii value,and which would be most leudil} tuim'd ]
to the u-e of an invader; chained by tvvo sivvi-,ot wide- |
spiead blanches, and witti sea-poif- Jjinu so duectly upon I
tiie ocean that a liu*>t le fleet couUi commence an attack !
upon any one of them \\ itlun a icvvjiouis aitoi being des-
cned troin land; oi, it foitslied agau^t attacks, so lew in
rami be i that comparatively lew sh ips would ssufnee to block-
ade them.
u This territory is not more remote fjorn the principal La- i
iopean*3iaces tiianliom those parts ot oui own eountiy j
wiience it would denve its uniitaiy supplies ; and some ot j
those States have colonics and possessions on the Pacific
which would greatly facilitate their opeiations against it.
With the^e advantages, and those winch the attacking toice
always has,ol choico o't tune and place, an-eneni} po^e^s-
ing a con&idciablc mihliny niumie couhi, with compara-
tively little co.-t tolnmselt, subject us to enoimou- t-xpt-nscs
m giving to oui Pacific lunuiei that piotection which it is
the5dutj ot tiie Geneidl Government to cifioid.
"in the iii st year-; of a war \uili any gioat maritime
Power, the communication by sea could not be iciied upon
foi the uan-poitdtiou ot supplies ltom the Atlantic to the
states. Our naval peace establishment would not tmnish
adequate convojs tor .he number ot stoic ships which U
would be nece-saty to employ; and store.-lnr^ aiune. laden
with supplies, could not undeitaKe a voji'ge ol twenty
thousand utiles, pa-.-ing iinmeious neutral poit->, wlicie an
enemy's aimetl vessel-, even of the smallest size, might he
in wait tointeterpt thi-m. -
^'Uieonly line ut communication, men, wou'd be over-
land; and by tins, it would bo impracticable. vviih anv
means heretofote used, to iunn=li tiie amount ot supplies
lequired tor tiie deten-cot the i'aeitie iionuei. Ai toe
picsent pi ices, ovci the be-t pait of tin-, lontc, the expense
of land transportation alone. jOI thp .•nnual supplies ot
provisions, clothing, camp equipage, and ammunition ioi
such an aimy as it would be neees-aiy to m.untani theie,
would exceed §J3,0UU,0i;0 ; and to maintain tioops, and
cai y on deieiisivc opnation^ under tho-e cncum«.uinees,
tiie expense pet man would be six tunes gieatei than it is
jiovv ; the land transpurtation of e.ieh neld twelve.pounder,
with a due supply ot annnnii'tion ioi one jeai. would cost
g-3.500 ; of each twenty-lour pounder and ammunition,
§9,000 ; and oi a sea-coast gun and ammunition, $-1^,000.
'1 lie tiansportation of ammunition foi a jcar lor one thou-
sand sea-coast guns would eoft .-510,000.01)0. But the ex-
pense ot transportation wouid he vastly uiciea^ed by a wat ;
and at tlieiates that were paid on the noitlu in lioritier
dining the last war with Great Kntain, the above estimates
would be tiebled. The ume icqmied lor the oveiland joui-
nev would be from lout to six montns. in po.ru ot tact,
however, supplies foi such an aimy could not be trans-
ported aeioss. the continent. On the and and barren belts
to be cto—td, the limited quantities of water and gia-s
would «-oon be exhausted h\ the i.umeiou-s duiuUu ani-
mals icquned foi heavy tiam-, «nd over such distances
ft)i afffi could not be camt d ioi tuctr subsistence. _
kk On the <>tln r hand. the enemy would send out his sup-
plies at ii'im one seventh to one twentieth the above iate&j
and m iet-s tune—peibap^ in one touitli the time—li he
should obtain command ot the isihiuu^ loutes.
An" lehance, tnereiote, upon tuiriislni": that pait ot our
fiontiei'wnh mean, oi detV^e Horn the Atlantic and inte-
rior State- nftoi the conunencement of ho^Uiiites, would
be III vain; and the ifsouicc would be to ac.-uniu.aie
there such an amount oi stotes and supplies a^vou.d su.h .e
durmg the continuance dY the c,in1e,t,0l' tint! we could
obtain command ot the ?ea. A^iamng but a modeiaie limit
to this penod. the e\pense would vrt be cponnoua. ^ i he
lorulicatioiw, depots, and store houses, would neces-ari.y
bo on the lnig<>*t se.ile, and the cost ot piacmg supplies
theie for five yeais would amount to nearly one hundred
million dollars. .
In many respects the cost during peace would be equiv-
alent to that" during war. The perishable character oi many
articles would render it perhaps impracticable to put pro-
visions in depot for such a length or ume ; and m any case,
thfere would be deterioration amounting to some million dol-
lars p«r year.
" These considerations, and others of a strictly military
character, cause the Departaient to examine with interest
all projects promising the accomplishment of-a railroad
communication between the navigable waters of the Mis-
sissippi and those of the Pacific ocean. As military opera-
tions depend in a greater degree upon rapidity and certainty
of movement than upon any other cncumstance, the intro-
duction of railway transportation has greatly jinproved the
means of defending our Atlantic and inland frontiers; and
to give us a sense of security from attack upon the most ex-
posed portion of our territory, it is lequisite that the facility
of railroad transportation should be extended to the Pacific
coast. Were such a road completed, our Pacific coast, in
lieu of being fuither removed m time, and less accessible to
us than to an enemy, would be brought within a few dajs of
easy communication, and the cost of supplying an aimy
there, instead of being many times gi eater to us than to him,
would be about equal. We wouid be relieved of the neces-
sity of accumulating large supplies on that coast, to waste,
peihap^, tbiough long years of peace; and we could feel
entire confidence that, let wai come when and with whom
it may, before a hostile expedition could reach that exposed
frontier, an ample foice could be placed there to repei any
attempt at invasion."
President Buchanan, in his inaugural, said:
" I consider it clear that, under the war-making power,
Congress may appiopnate money foi thf constiuetion of a
i military road* thiougn the Territories of the United States,
! when this is absolutely necessary for the defense of arty of
; the States against foreign invasion. The Constitution has
| conferred upon Confess power£ to deciaie war,5' to raise
and support, aiirues/ < to provide and maintain a navy,5 and
to call ioith the militia to 1 repel invasions.5 These high
sovereign powers necessarily involve important and respons-
ible public duties, and amon?them there is none so sacred
and so imperative as that of preserving our soil irom the in-
vasion of a foreign enemy. The Constitution has, there- j
fore, left nothing on tins point to construction, but expiessly
reqimes that 'tiie United States shall protect each of them
[the States] against invasion.' Now, if a military load over
our own Territories be indispen&.ibly necessary to enable us
to meet and repeltheinvadei.it follows as a nece-san con-
sequence not only that we possess the powei, but it is oui
imperative duty to construct sudi a load. Uv.ould bean
absuidity to mve^ta Government with the unlimited power
to make and conduct a wai. and, at tlio same nine, deny to
it the only means of leaching and deteaung the enemy at
the fiontiei. Without pueh a load it is qmto evident we
cannot ' pioteet' California and our Pacific possessions
< again-t invasion.' We cannot, by any oilier means, trans-
poit men and munitions oi wai from the Atlantic ritates in
sufficient time successfully to deieiid theseiemoteaud dis-
tant portions of the Republic.5'
Mr. Benton, in his speech of 1855, portrayed
the utility of the v/ork in the following impressive
terms:
« Safety as well as pi ofit—security as well as policy-
protection against calamity, as well a< prospective good—re-
quiie the construct ion oi this road. What sustains and stim-
ulates the national industry at this time ? Cahtorma gold \
that gold, the weekly arrival ot whifh is the hfe'< blood of
our daily industry; and one inontlfsdetauit of which would
] be the paiah sis of our financ lal.eonimeiciaL and mdiismal
i world. And how do we leceive that gold now ? Overfor-
I eigu sea*, and across foreign ten itoiy, and atter a encuit of
• six thousand nines— liable to be cut off at a'*y inom< nl by
! theciuiseis mid piivateors (to say nobbing ol fleets) of any
Powei with winch we might be at war; and sev< lal specks
of that portentous cloud no\v_appear above the line o'' our
political bonbon. And this i^ the plaee for these political
coiiHdeiations. Such consideration'- addiess themselves
to the political powei, and that political powei is here.
Congas is chaiged with the piotection of the national m-
teious. and ships and ti oops and minions are putin requi-
sition lor that pus pose. Aieadier.acheaper, a mote effectual
mode of protection to tnat commetee which belongs to the
Pacific—wlm h comes fjom Cubionin—would be to make
this road tbiough our own temtoij, placing it bejond the
leach of foreign"depredations,and at tiie same time making
it a means ol keeping the Indians themselves m oider."
The value of the proposed work as a means of
increasing out" commerce, it is difHcult to estimate.
With that woik completed, the direct loutu from
Europe to China and Japan would he through the
United States; and whilst ordinary merchandise
would not bear transportation through such an
avenue, it could not fail to heeome a thoroughfare
" of travel between these distant points. Novwillat.y
ij one doubt thatit would he the means of securing
li for our country a very large commerce wilh the
countries of eastern Asia, ihey would become,
shows that peif-onal intercourse anioiv/st men al-
i ways begets trade and commerce; and with so
1 large a portion of the easttrn and western hemis-
' pheres inteiested in an avenue of inter-commurti-
;! cation, it. could not fail to attract millions 011 mil-
H Uons of wealth, which cannot now be counted or
discovered.
ii But,sir,loolc at ike internal business that must
ii necessarily grow up; the reciprocal tiadj; and
j| commerce between the Atlantic and the I acinc
■ . States.
the route for heavy tonnage or ordinary merchan-
dise; but it would be a route for all the travel, for-
the precious metals, for the finer fabrics, and f&c
the mails; and from the east as well as the west,-it
would convey into the intermediate country all the
goods of every character which could' be con-
sumed, and, in turn, convey the products of-thafe
vast region to an eastern or a western market, as
the case might be. It requires almost an effortof
imagination to draw a picture of what the country
between the Mississippi and the Pacific may be-
come. Much of the surface, it is true, is rugged
and apparently useless; but 1 doubt not it will, in
the end, be found to abound -H?ith inexhaustible
mineral wealth. Think of an area of twelve hun-
dred million acres, with a very large proportion of
fine arable land, and then undertake to calculate the
millions on millions of population which itiscapa-  
ble ofsustaimng,and estimate thecommeree which*
must necessarily follow ! But, so far as the trade
of Asia, of China and Japan, is concerned, or,
indeed, the commerce of our own western coast
is involved, we are not to gain all these without ,
a struggle. If we desire to rival Great Britain for
this prize, we must adopt the necessary means.
Nature has designed it for the United States, and
it will be a reproach to her statesmen if she should
not enjoy it. The construction of a railroad to
the Pacific is the most effectual means to that end .
we can adopt. Nor should we be slow to move
in the matter. Our rival is vigilant, powerful,
and determined. It now seems to be conceded
that a railroad can be constructed through the
British possessions by way of the valley of the
lied River of the North toFraser river; and this
fact is perhaps sufiicientto settle the question that
it will be done. Gieat Britain will not bejikely to
ncglect a measure so full of promise for her com-
merce, and so beneficial to her colonial depend-
encies. She will certainly grasp the prize unless
we do. In alluding to the vast commerce at stake, •
the Senator from California has fitly said, that
"either England or the United States must, in
the end, control that vast commerce. It must
center in London, Calcutta, and Bombay, or in
America." As the contest now stands, England
has the advantage, because of her powerful navy
and great shipping abihty. But how will the case
be should she construct a road of the character m
view, and the people of the United States neglect
to make one within our limits? Then, what would
become not only of our commerce but of our po-
litical power m that legion? Then, England
would care but little about the right of way through
Kicaragua or Mexico.
Under such circumstances, the apprehension
suggested by the Senator from New Yoik, as to
the political consequences of neglecting this work,
might receive great force and plausibility. Pie
said:
The Pacific railroad involves tlii- question: whether
this capital, eiidcsicd 10 as by so many attractions, and
exciting so Iiiucii hope, pride, and promise, slwll, by the
mipiovement of facilities for intercourse,.commeice, and
communication between us and the Pacific coast, remain
the capital of the whole United Unites of Amt'iieu, or
wilethei it shall dwaif, and rink, and become the ciptlal of
the United St,lies of Atlantic Amenea only ; and Mexico,
liivcstf d as it is with so many ancient and heroic tiadiuons,
shall become a nval capital—the capital of the l'acifio
States ot America."
Whilst I am not willing to anticipate conse-
quences so momentous as the result of neglecting
the proper means to protect our fellow-citizens on
the Pacific, coast, and to extend to them that sup-
port to which they are so justly entitled under
the.compacts of the Constitution, 1 do think it a
gveat mofsi and political wrong to neglect them,
and to put their loyalty to the test by a well-
founded cause of complaint, or to excite that meas-
ure of discontent which might by possibility lead
to alienation. I am for promoting commerce and
fraternal affection with them, cost what it may.
What could compensate the nation f6t'the loss of
California, or for the humiliation the nation would
feel at having her cut oil and hemmed in by a
toiciTi Power? Gentlemen are startled at the
idea of $100,000,000 to construct a railroad to pro-
! tect California, Oregon, Washington, and all ttie
1 othaHinterests that are to grow up on the Pacific,
I and yet they would vote hundreds of millions to
i purchase Cuba, or, in a war, to maintain our pres-
' ent transit 1 oute across the Isthmus of Panama,
ij Why, sir, California is already sending fifty or
! sixty millions of gold, annually, to the Atlantic
1 lWd^b; I! It^s; and that amount is gradually on the in-
