1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1321
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) for the relief
of Michael Pappreniza.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcry Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask unanimous consent to
report a bill from the Committee for the District
of Columbia, for the purpose of having it put
upon its passage. It will not take much time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object; and call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no disposition to re-
tard the business of the House; but, if it be in
order, I will move to suspend the rules.
Mr. LOYEJOY. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I wish to call up my motion to reconsider
the resolution for the benefit of Mrs. Mary Jane
Harris.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered to be now put on the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be glad to
submit a motion to have one day, Saturday next,
fixed for the consideration of territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, which is the consideration of
the amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whoie on the state of the Union to the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. REAGAN. Is it too late to have a call of
the House ? I want to have a full vote on some
of the amendments.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, there can
be no call of the House now.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a very important
bill. The House is not entirely full. There are
some small matters that might be disposed of in
the course of half an hour, by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. EDIE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The first'question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] to recommit the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submitted that
motion yesterday, out of abundant caution, lest
the House might adjourn before seconding the
previous question. I now withdraw it.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the bill on the
table; and on that motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clark, of
Missouri, and Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty seven.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 22, noes 168; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chapman, Covode, Dimraick, Edie, Flor-
ence, Harlan, Hickman, Hughes, Owen Jones, Keim,
Leidy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson.MontKomeiy, Moore,
pettit, Phillips, I'urvianco, Robert"!, Henry M. Shaw, Stall-
worth, and William Stewart—22.
NAYS Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, At-
kins, Avery, Barr, Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss,
Bocock, Bonham, Bovep, Branch, Biuvton, Bryan, Bumn-
ton, Burlmeame. Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Case, CaMuo,
Cavariaugh, Chaffee. Ezra Clatk, John B. Claik, dawson,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochiane, Colfa*,Comins, Corn-
ing, Cragin, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawtotd, Curry,
Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Davis of Massachusetts DavU of Iowa, Dasves, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edinundson, English, bustis,
Faulkner, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, bid-
dings, Giilis, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin,
Green wood, Gregg, Grover, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Rob
ertB Hall, fiatcli, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Hodges, Hopkins,
Horton, Houston, Howard, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, GeorgeW. Jones, Kelsey, Knapp, JacobM. Kunkel,
Landy, Leach, Leiter, Letcher. Lovejoy, Maclay, McRae,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Milison, Morgan,
Morrill Edward Joy Mori is, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A.
Mnrcp Mott, ISluiray, Niblaek, Oiin, Palmer, Pendleton,
Pevton John S. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Ready,
Reagan, Ricaud, Robbins, Royce, Ruffin, Russell, fean-
didee, Scales, Scott, Sewa.d, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman,
Judfton W. Sherman, Sickle*, Robert Smith, teamuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, Tappan, George Taylor, lhayer, llmmpson,
Tomnkrns Tnppe, Underwood, Vallandig.iam, Vance,
Wad? WalbridS, Waldron, Walton, Ward, Cadwateder
C. Washburn, Eililiu 1*. Washburrie, Israel Washburn*
Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Winslovv, Wood,
Woodson, Wortendvke, Augustus H. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—168.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Pending; the vote,
Mr. SANDIDGE stated that Mr. Cox was de-
tained from the Hall by indisposition.
Mr. ADRAIN stated that if he had been in the
Hall when his name was called, he would have
voted " no."
Mr. COBB stated that he had been in the Hall
when the Clerk commenced to read the Journal,
but, owing to indisposition, he had to retire. If
he had been in the Hall when his name was
called, lie would have voted "ay."
The amendments recommended by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were reported.
First amendment:
On page 1, line ten, add the following proviso:
Provided, however, That the contract with Butterfield &
Co., for carrying the mail from the Mississippi riverto San
Francisco, in California, shall be so construed as to allow
said contractors to carry the mail by any route they may
select, in accordance with the act of Congress under which
said contiact purports to be made.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for the yeas and
nays.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
through Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed the bill
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to have the Senate
amendments to the legislative bill referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I also desire to
report from the Committee of Ways and Means
the amendments of the Senate to the consular and
diplomatic bill; and ask that the reportand amend-
ments be ordered to be printed, and that the bill
and amendments be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to object to the re-
port that has just been made. I supposed the
Chair would announce to the House what the
request was before the order was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did state that it
would be so ordered if there were no objection,
and that the Chair heard no objection.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, T object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will inform the
gentleman from Indiana what it was. It was the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means on
the amendments of the Senate to the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to have the report
read. . _ , . , , ,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think the ob-
jection of the gentleman comes too late.
Mr. HUGHES. It may be that I shall not in-
sist on the objection; but I want to hear what the
report is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The report cannot
be read now, as the main question is pending.
Mr. HUGHES. The report was made while
the previous question was pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. By unanimous
consent; and it was disposed of by being referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HUGHES. There was no unanimous
C°The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
there was. The Chair was unfortunate in not
hearing the gentleman from Indiana, if he inter-
posed an objection.
Mr. HU6HES. I did not make it, because I
was waiting to hear the request of the gentleman
from Missouri reported from the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair made this state-
ment; but, perhaps, not loud enough to be heard
bv the gentleman: " It will be so ordered if mere
is no objection. The Chair hears no objeetitfi.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL—.AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the Post Office appropriation bill, the pending
question being upon agreeing to the first amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, on which the yeas an<l
nays had been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 99, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Buriingaine,
Caruthers, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B.
Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Cragin, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Farnswortli, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddings,
Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hickman, Hoard, Hodges, Horton, II6ward, Owen Jones*,
Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteaon,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Olin, Palmer, Parker,
Pettit, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps., Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royee, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Ca4-
waladerC. Washburn, ElhhuB. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wilson, and Wood—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Barr, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch,
Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Chapman, Clay,Cobb, John
Cochrane, Cormns, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Dowdell, Edmundson, English, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Giilis, Gilmer, Goode, Green-
wood, Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hill, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Letdy, Letcher,
Maclay, McQueen, McRae, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
Maynard, Milison, Montgomery, Moore, Niblaek,Pendleton,
Peyton, Phillips, Powell, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud,
RufFm, Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Seward, Henry M.Shaw,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Snath, Stallworth,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles
Taylor, Trippc, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Ward,
Watkins. White, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Worten-
dyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and ZolU-
coffer—102.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ATKINS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was disagreed to;and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays on the latter motion.
Mr. ATKINS withdrew the motion.
Second amendment:
Page 2, at the end of line nineteen, which is as follow#:
" For advertising, $7,000
Add the following:
Provided, That the advertisement of mail routes in eaea
State and Territory shall be made only in the two news-
papers in such State or Territory having the largest circu-
lation.
The question was put; and on a division, there
were—ayes 88, noes 88.
Mr.TOMPKINS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. < ^
The question was taken; and it was decided ui
the negative—yeas 91, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
linganie, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Co-
mins, Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Davi.6 of Maryland, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Durfep, Farnsworth, Fenton, Giddings,Gilman, Gil-
mer, Gooch,Goodwin,Granger, Grow, RobertB. Hall, Har-
lan, Haskm, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Keim,
Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Matte son, Miles, Morgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Murray, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike,
Potter. Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Royce,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, CadwaladerC. wasn-
bum, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and
^ NAYS— Mcssis. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
date, Barr, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, f/a?0chh'
Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Ohapman, Jo\m
B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, p?0°f
Mississippi, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmundson, English, Flor
ence Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Giilis, Goode, Greenwood,
Gregg. Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hodees,.Hop-
kins Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jewett, George W. Jones,
• Owen Jones Keitt! Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Law-
! rence Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, McRae, Samuel
S Marshall Mason, Maynard, Miller, Milison, Moore,
' N*iblack Pendleton, Won, John S. Phelps, William W.
i Phelps, Powell, Ready, Reagan, Ruffin, Ru^ell, Sandidge,
' Scales Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
' Sickles Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Si'nirh, Stallworth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Tiifoot Miles Tavlor, Undetwood, Vallandigham, Vance,
Ward,'Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wmstow, Wortendyke,
Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright—104.
So the amendment was disagrees ti>.
