1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
Nor am I in favor of the exercise of doubtful :
- ench section as completed. The original £500,000 r made, signed, sealed, and delivered; after the mo-
constitutional poweis. 1 holu the Constitution j' pledged to secure the commencement of the work >' :*u„i—i.i i -i-- -i.-n l— t.-...;
sacred above everything; but I go for this meas-
ure consistently with these views, because I be-
lieve it necessary to provide the means of repelling
an invasion or providing for the public defense; !| and that the Government may not be mistaken in
and, therefore, there is no room to doubt our au- i| its contract, I suggest, Mr.'President, whether
thonty to use the public property and credit, nor ij the bill might not be wisely altered so as to throw
the money for such purpose. No/, sir, need any j! this work into three equal divisions, the eastern,
statesman j it seems to me, have apprehensions as ; j western, and middle, and allow the provisions of
to the consequences of this measure as a procc- j! the bill, as it stands, to apply to the eastern and
dent. It will form no precedent for this or any *• the western divisions, and then, instead of relying
, . . ,, nopoly, if it should be monopoly,-shall have been
is, as you will perceive, to be drawn as the work |i secured; then the contractor is to inform the Presi-
progresses. My only object in these suggestions |J dent of the general route of the road.' Now, I de-
is the better to secure the construction of the road; ij sire to know how the President is to exercise fcjf#
discretion in the selection of the most' eligible '
other country. The world has never witnessed
the like before, and probably never will a«ram—a
Government aiding in the construction of a rail-
road nearly two thousand miles, ovcran unoccu-
pied region, for the purpose of uniting sovereign
States and prodding for their drfen^e. "We shall
never have occasion for the exercise of such power
under similar circurnstanccs, and nu statesman
need apprehend evil consequences from tin; piece-
dent.
Now, sir, when I shall have made a very brief
reference to the bill pending before the Senate and
the amendments, I shall have clone with the sub-
ject. I have felt required to discuss it somcwhnt
at length for the reason that no leprc^eutative
from my State has ever befoie done so, find wh'lst
' the sentiment is strongly in favor of the measure,
it is not as thoroughly undeistood as it should
be.
So far as the propositions that propose various
routes are concerned, I have nothing to fay. In
reference to routes, I have taken my position, and
my votes shall be accordingly. Hut there are
propositions important in a different point of
view, relating to the manner of constructing this
woik, and to the extent to which the Govern-
ment should aid it, to which 1 shall refer. I am
willing to go to the necessary extent to secure the
construction of the road, in donating the public
lands, and in loaning the credit of the Govern-
ment, formoney to be subsequently refunded: but
I am not willing to give to the Government the I
ownership, control, and management of the woik. j
My own State government has had a sad experi- 1
eiicein that way, fiom which useful lessons may j
be drawn. I have no confidence in the ability of a !
Government to manage a work of tins character, i
which is in its details a mere business affair, j
Those who direct its construction and its opera- j
tions should be those who are personally eon- !
cerned in its success as directly as may be. This j
kind of agency is necessary to give sectuity to !
the owners, and give efficiency to the woik. I ;
cannot, therefore, favor any one of the proposi- >
turns which are intended to lead to the construe- !
tion of this work directly, by the money of the ;
Treasury. But, sir, \ have a suagesnon or two -
to make in reference to the bill of the committee, j
I shall offer no amendment; I intend to vote for !
that bill, and in the main to stand by it as it is;
but I will make a suggestion or two in reference
to points of the policy of that measure, wherein
it may possibly prove somewhat defective; and
in reference to these suggestions, I should be glad
to have the attention of the Senator from Cali- !
forma. i
The bill, as it stands, proposes to give the lands j
for twenty miles on both sides of the line. Itpro- i
poses to make a contract for mail service not to /
exceed a specified rate—£500 per mile. It pro- j;
poses also to secure to the Government the use of ;■
the road for military purposes, and, when neces-
sary, an exclusive use, aii of which is very well, ij
It goes on to provide that the road shall be con-
structcd in sections of twenty-five miles each; that ,
the work may commence at the western as well <\
as at the eastern terminus; that the contractors
■ upon the lands for the middle scction, make pro
■ vision'that, on theicompletion of each twenty-five
miles, the bonds of the Government, running
! thirty or forty years, redeemable in mail and other
: service, shall be issued to the contractors, and be-
come a hen upon the whole road. My apprehen-
sion is, that the inducements to construct the road
through the mountain region may not be sufficient.
At all events, I think it is evident that the con-
' ti actors would have far stronger inducements to
make both ends, than to make the middle divis-
ion, which is the real obstacle to overcome. It
may be said that there will be an obligation on
them to make all. That would be an obligation
, of honor; but if you attempted to do it you prob-
ably could not make such an obligation effective.
But the eighth section of the bill piovides ex-
pressly that, in case of a failure or neglect of the
! contractors, the President shall relet the woik.
Now, sir, X would rather vote lor $25,000 a mile
on the middle division, say one third of the whole
distance1, instead of the lands on that division to
route; how he is to have reference to shortn©
and to feasibility, and to economy, when he is •-
compelled to act in the dark; when he is not to
know ev< the general route of the road until
after this contract shall have been signed, sealed,
and delivered?
But the location of the general route of the road
involves legislative discretion. The object to be
secured by the passage of this bill is the rapid
transportation of the United States mails, troops,
seamen, munitions of war, and Army and Navy
supplies, by railroad, from the heart of the coun-
try to remote States and Territories, so as to pro-,
mote the general welfare, and render more ein-
cient our means of protection and defense. And
hence it has been denominated a great warmer ,
ure, as well as a measure of concord and peaqe.
It therefore seems to me not only appropriate that
Congress should locate the general route of the
road, but that it requires the exercise of a discre-
tion which the legislature of the nation cannot
transfer to another.
The people of the United States have conferred
on Congress, and not on the President, or any
other functionary of this Government, the power
to establish post roads; the power to raise and
support armies; the power to provide for and
maintain a Navy; the power to provide for the
bo secured upon the woik, than to risk the bill p common defense and general welfare of the coun-
t stands. I should greatly prefer the bill in
that shape. I thipkit would be more efficient as
to the accomplishment of {he work, and no more
objectionable in point of principle.
W ith these remarks, Mr. Pioaident, I leave the
subject.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I earnestly
desire the definite action of the Senate on this
bill: and for that reason, if for no othei, I must
icfram from entering on the discussion of the gen-
eral question. The question of the propriety of
the construction of a railroad from the States east
of the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific, has been
elaborately discussed in the Senate Chamber ses
try; anil the power to regulate commerce. It is
1 proposed to accomplish ail these objects to a very
t great extent, by the construction of this Pacific
i railroad. Now, if this be true, I inquire of Sen-
\ ators here, as a constitutional question,.whether
; the members of the Congress of the United States
! have the right to transfer this legislative discre-
i tion to an agent to be selected by themselves, or
' a secondary agent to be selected by some other
| officer of the Government? If it were the enact-
: ment of a law merely, none, perhaps, would con-
, tend that Congress could transfer that discretion;
but it is not only the enactment of a law estab-
lishing a national mail route, and military road,
sion after session for several years, winch has j; but the creation of iron ligaments, with which to
resulted, as I believe, in a general conviction on
the part of Senators, as well as of the country,
of the practicability and necessity of the con-
struction of the road. Nor do I piopose, on this
occasion, to engage in the discussion of the most
appropriate means to be employed in the accom-
plishment of this work. However various may
licire been the propositions hitherto submitted, it.
bind together discordant States, and the" estab-
lishment of a great avenue for travel and com-
merce across tiie continent, connecting the people
of this*country, by a dircct line of railroad and
ocean steamers, with the populous and wealthy
Asiatic States, and the East India Islands, which,
it is said, is to control the trade of this continent,
of Europe, and of the world. And it is proposed
is now, I believe, generally conceded that this [\ to confer a power of such vast consequences, not
'• ' -• -"i J '' on the President of the United States, or anyone
of the high functionaries of this Government, but
on a mail and Army contractor. *
But it seems to me that the location of the gen-
eral route of the road by Congress is necessary
for the purpose of securing competition among
bidders for contracts. It is agreed that the con-
struction ofa railroad on any one'of the proposed
routes will cost in the neighborhood of one hun-
dred million dollars. This would be one third of
the entire surplus products of the United States,
estimated by the statistics of our foreign tiade.
This bill provides that it shall be completed in
ten or. twelve years from its commencement,
which will require the expenditure of from eight
to ten million dollars por annum. No one canr
in good faith, become a bidder unless he can con-
wo k must be effected by private enterprise, aided
by the Government of the United States. I de- i
sire, however, to submit a few remarks on the
propriety of the location of the general route of
the road by Congress itself.
The bill now under consideration's originally
reported, provides in its fust section—
That the President of the United States Ira, and ho is
lieieny, .luihour.^d ami directed to outer into a ooimaet for
tin' transportation of the mails, tioope, seamen, munitions
of war, Army and Navy supplied, and allothni Government j
services, by rajlioad, fiom a point on the Missouri river j
ix.t\vjon the mouths, oi the Big Sinnx and Kansas rivers, i
to San Francisco, m the State of Oalnornia, on the most ;
eligible route, leierenee being had to ioasibility, shortness, ]
and economy. ^ ;
Tlns'lan^uage is well calculated to deceive the i
casual reader. It might be supposed to imply
that the selection of the best route was intended i; trol a capital yielding this sum per annum, de-
sludl, noon the completion of each section of twen-
ty-five 'milts, get a utle to their lands, save one !j try would then have some
quarter, and also get the bonds of the Government, h 1:~1" -u 
to be repaid m mail service, to the extent of a lit-
tle over three hundred thousand dollars for every
twenty-five miles.
Now to the point. Vnu will see, sir, that under
these provisions, the inducement will be very
strong to make both ends of the road, because
the eastern as well as the western end will pass
through the best of the lands on the route. There
to be conferred on the President of the United
States; and if so, the bill in this respect, would
be less objectionable. The people of the coun-
unanteo from his
high official character, for its faithful and impar-
• tial performance, and that the route ultimately sc-
! lectcd would bo feasible and appropriate; but on
i examining the fifth section of the bill, it wdl be
j seen that' neither Congress, nor the President,
i nor any one of the high functionaiics of this Gov-
; eminent, is to be called on to exercise a practical
; discretion on this subject; but "the party with
whom the contract aforesaid may be made shall
will be, therefore, a stronger inducement to build 'j procced without delay to locate the general route ,
the Pacific end and the Atlantic end, than the in- j of said road, and furnish a detailed survey and
terior division. There will be no inducement or j( map thereof toj-he President;' biit^whcu shall ,
obligation to
ij ducting the $10,000 per mile, to be drawn from
!, the Treasury of the United States, as the work
!i progresses. Hence, each hiddermust be able to
': control in the neighborhood of one thirtieth of
i' the entire productive capital of this country be-
■ fore his bid to construct this road can properly
i be considered by the Piesidcnt of the United
^ States. I fear, sir, there are but very few indi-
;! viduals or companies in the United States able to
■' control such an immense productive capital. The
J: capital of this country is invested in bank stock,
in ships, in forges, in furnaces, in factories, in
machine shops, in staple products that may have
accumulated from year to year, in houses and
lots, in farms and plantations and their equip-
ments, in canals and in railroads. One hundred
1. lucre Win ue IIU yi , uuiu LK.ioui w •«. .. --- - -- -
go on^xcept the one quarter due on !1 this be doner After the contract shall have been j! million dollars cannot very readily be diverted
