1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
During1 the call of the roll,
Mr. FOSTER stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called, having been
called out on business; if he had been he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Third amendment:
At the end of line nineteen add the following:
Provided Jwrther, That the two newspapers aforesaid
shall not be selected m the same city or town in any one
State or Territory.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Page 2, strike out line twenty-one, as follows:
" For blanks, $100,000."
And inseit, in lieu thereof, the following:
For blanks, $80,0b0; to be printed by the lowest respons-
ible bidder, after advertisements, inviting bids for the same
shall have been published tor at least thirty days by the
Postmaster General.
Mr. GROW. I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER put the question to the House;
and (there being, on a division—ayes one hun-
dred and fourteen) declared the amendment agreed
to.
Mr. GR.OW. Did the Chair hear my call for
the yeas and nays ?
TheSPEAKER. The Chairdid; butsupposed
he could save the time of the House by the count.
Mr. GROW. I should prefer to have my calls
attended to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's call for the
yeas and nays was in time, and the Chair will
entertain it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Page '2, at the end of line twenty-two, which is aa fol-
low* :
" For wiapping paper $50,000;"
liic-en the following:
Provided, That the contracts for the same shall be given
to the lowebt bidders.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Pat;e2,at the end of lines twenty-six and twenty-seven,
which are as follows :
" For mxseellaucous payments $20,000;"
Add the following :
Provided, Th.it it shall be the duty of the Postmaster
Geneial to furm-h to Congress on the 1st day of December
next, and each and every year thereaftei, a detailed state-
ment of the expenditures made under the head of ■' mu-eel-
laneon-; payment," and that it .shall not be lawful to use
any of the money heieby appiopnated lor the defense of
suits brought asram^t ollioeivol tlie Post Oilier Depaittuenr
for maHeastinee, nn-fr.wuiee. or non-leas.ince m otbee, or
for act«i commuted by them under color of law, and m
derogation ut the rights ot citizens'.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes one hun-
dred and four, noes not counted.
Seventh amendment:
At the end of the following clause of the bill:
" For publishing a new edition of (he PoM Oflice laws
and regulations, and a list ot post offices, $1%000;"
Add the tolhm tng :
Proinded, That the Postmaster Geneial shall cau«?e said
new edition to be prepated by the u-^ulai toiee of his- ofhee,
without any allowance for e\tta seiviee ; that he s>haii eer
fify the same to be official; and that he shall give the con-
tract lor publication to the lowest le^pon^ible biddei.
Mr. SPINNER. I would remark that that
amendment was ullcied undera partial misappie-
hension. 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
House to modify the amendment, so that it uhall
read as follows:
Provide*, Th.u the Po^tma-tei General shall certify said
new edinon to he official; and that lie shall give tin' con-
tract foi its publication to the lowest responsible bidder.
No objection being made, the amendment was
accoidingly modified; and, as modified, agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
At the end of the second section of the bill, which is as
follow>:
'• Sec. 2. Jhid be it further enacted. That the sum of
$3,838,7:2b be. and the same is hereby, appropnated. to be
paid out ot any money in the Trca.-utynot otherwise ap-
propriated, to supply deficiencies in the revenue of the Post
OrTiee Department for the year ending the 30th of June,
1859 "
Add the following:
Provided, That the sum heretofore appropnated for the
erection of post office buddings which shall lemani Hi the
Treabury unexpended at the clo e of !hepie entfi>calyem,
i*5 heieby reappiopriated for the objects to winch they aie
now applicable by law.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adraln, Avery, Farr, Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Branch, Brayton, Bryan, Burhngame,
Case, Chaffee, Clatk B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Cumins, Corning, Cragin, James Craig, Cmtis, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dick, Dimmick,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farnswoith,Fenton, Florence, Foster,
Gidding-:, Gilhs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Gianger, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hodges, Hoi ton,
Huyler, Keim, Kellogg, Kel^ey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C.
Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leidy, Lovejoy, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Mavnard, Miles,
Montgomery, Morrill, Freeman H. Morse,Oliver A. Morse,
Motr, Olin,Palmer, Parker, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Purviance, Ready, Ricaud, Robbins, Robei ts, Royce, Ruffin,
Sandidgo, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Sickles, Robert Smith, Spin-
neijJames A. Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, Miles
Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Underwood, Vance, Wade,
Walbridge, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Whiteley, Wilson,
Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and
Zolhcoffer—111.
NAYS —Messrs. Ahl, Andrews, Atkins, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bocock, Bonbain, Buffinton, Buinett, Burns, Hor-
ace F Ciark, John U. Clark, Clay, Covode, Burton Craige,
Crawfoid, Curiy, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Dean, Dow-
dell, Edmundson, English, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gar-
trell, Goodc, Greenwood, Gregg, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall,
Ha^kiri, Hickman, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jewctt, Geotgc W. Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Law-
rence, Leiter, Letcher, McQueen, Mcllae, Mason, Miller,
Mooie, Morgan, Murray, Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps, Powell, Reagan, Russell, Scale*, Ilemy
M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, St* phens, Ste-
venson, Talbot. Tompkins, Tnppe, Vallandigham, Wal-
dron, Walton, White, and John V. Wright—80.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That if the revenue of
the Post Office Department shall be insufficient to defray
the appropriations made in the fioi r.ection of this act, the
deficiency, if any there be at the expiration of each quaiter
of the fiscal yeai, .shall be paid out of any money in the
Tieasuiy not olheiwis'e appropnated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on that amendment. Theie is only
$10,000,000 in it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BLA.Ul. What has become of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Avery,] as amended by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Goocii?]
The SPEAKER. Ail the amendments re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union have been reported to the
House. The Chair understands that the amend-
ment to which the gentleman tefeis was rejected
in committee.
The ninth amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the hill be laid
upon the lable; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COLFAX. T rise to a privileged question.
I state, from my own recollection, which is very
distinct, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, as amended by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, was adopted in committee;
and the report in the Washington Union con-
linns that recollection.
Mr. FLORENCE. That paper is no authority.
The SPEAKER. All the amendments re-
potted fiom the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union have been reported to the
House.
Mr. COLFAX. I was attentive. Here is the
account in the Union:
<k The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Avkry—
'• Mi. Goochj ofMassacbusett^, moved that it be amended
bystiiking out the woids compelling Butteifield & Com-
pany 4 to cany the mail acconhng to contract,' and insert-
ing the words ' and provided, also, that the said contractois
shall be lequired to transpoit the mail upon such route as
they may selectwinch amendment prevailed—ayes 80,
noes 57.
" The question recurring upon the amendment as amend-
ed, u was taken, and decided in the affirmative.''
That is my clear recollection of the fact.
Mr. AVERY. I think my amendment fell in
committee as amended.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Gooch's amendment
was adopted, when the question recurring on Mr.
A\ery's proposition as amended, the minutes of
of the Clerk show that it was rejected.
Mr. COLFAX. As the record is against me,
I can only state my recollection, which is the
other way. Such also is the recollection of mem-
bers about me.
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Baik«dale, Barr, Bishop, Bonham, Branch, Bryan, Burns,
Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Corning,
James Craig, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Davis of Iowa, Edmundson, English, Faulknei, Foley,
Garttell, Gilmer, Goode, Gieenwood, Gregs, Lawrence W.
Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins, Hot ton, Iluylei,
Jackson, Jewctt, Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Lawrence, Macloy, McRac, Samuel S. Marshall, Mavnard,
Miller, Millson, Isaac N. Morris. Mott, Pendleton. Peyton,
John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Powell, Ready, Rea-
gan, llutfin, Russell, Samhdge. Savase. Scott, Aaron Shaw,
Sickles. Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith. Ste-
phens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Miles Tajlor. Vallan-
digham, Vance, Waid, Watkins. White. Wlutelcj, Wins-'
ow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoffer— 86.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Blhss, Bovce, Biayton, Bulfmton, Burlmgame, Bur-
nett,Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezia Clark,dawson, Cobb,
('lark B. Cochrane. Colfax. Comins, Cragin, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Curry. Cuius Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dawes, Dean. Dimmick, L)odd. Dowdell, Dur-
fee. Edie, EiMis, Farnswoith. Fenton, Florence, Foster,
Garnett, Giddmgs, Gillis, Gilman. Gooch, Goodwin, Gian-
gei, Giow. Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Haskin. Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Uouxion, Howard. Hughes, George W. Jones. Own
Jones Keim, KeNey, Kilgoie, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Leach. Leidy, Letcher, Lovejoy, McQueen, flumpbiev
Maishall, Mason, Matte-on, Miles, Montgomeiv, Mooie,
Moigan. 'Morrill. Edward Joy Morrn, Fteeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Mor.se, Murray, Olin. Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phil-
lip--, Pike, Pottci, Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rob-
bm-, Roberta, Royce, Scales, Seward, Ilenry M Shaw,
John Shetman, Judson W. Sherman, Shortci, Spinner,
Stalhvoith, Stanton, William Stewart, Talbot, Tappan,
TlKiver,Thouip«.ou,Tompkins,Tuppe, Underwood, Wade,
Walhudjje. Wablion, Walton. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellilm i>. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wilson—119.
So the bill was rejected.
Pending; the call,
Mr. SANDIDGE stated that Mr. Cox was de-
tained at his room by illness.
Mr. MASON stated that there were §2,000,000
in the bill for the erection of buildings; and that
he must vote against it.
Mr. LETCHER stated that the amendments
put upon the bill forced him to vote against the
bill.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was iejected; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Only the motion
to reconsider can be entered. The motion to lay
upon the table cannot be entertained.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion to lay upon the table.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I understand that
it is the desire of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bocock] to submit a report from one of the
special committees. If it be the unanimous con-
sent that his report shall be received, withoutthe
withdrawal of my motion to suspend, then I will
have no objection to yielding the floor to him.
Mr. BOCOCK. All I desiie is, to have the
unanimous consent of the House for the submis-
sion of the majority and minority reports of the
special committee on the navy-yards, &c.; and
that they may be ordered to be printed, and the
further consideration of the subject postponed to a
future day.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not object to the printing
of the reports; but I do object to the postponement
of the subject to any fixed day.
Mr. BOCOCK. If this proposition be post-
poned until Monday or Tuesday next, then the
House can dispose of it or postpone it further.
Mr SEWARD. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BOCOCK. I now present the report of the
majority of the select committee appointed to in-
vestigate the subject of naval contracts and frauds,
accompanied by resolutions, and move that its
consideration be postponed until Monday next,
and that it be printed.
