240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6.
from the uses to which it is now applied, by many
individuals or companies in the United States;
and if competition is to come, directly or indi-
rectly, from abroad; if we are to appeal to the
capitalists of France, under the provisions of tiiis i
bill, what guarantee would we have that the road
might not be built in a southwestern direction
from the eastern terminus proposed to the Gulf
of Mexico, and there terminate, leaving the tiade
of the world to pass through the ship canal now
being constructed under the protection of the
Emperor of the French. And if wc seek the cap!- ■ !
tal of England, what guarantee have wc that it |
will not result in a branch ioad running up in a
northwestern direction, inteisecting Urn great j1
. Canadian raihoad to Paget Sound ? i
To secure fair competition among bidders, the S'
goneml route of the road must be established by j!
Congiess The route being established, it may i
be divided into sections as proposed by the hon- !
orable Senator from Pennsylvania, who hasju-t '
taken his seat. Locate the general route of the '
road by indicating the parallels between which it |
filial! be constructed as proposed by the amend- j
ment offered by the honorable Senator from Mas- j
sachusetts, and the President of the United States 1
may iceeivc bids fot the construction of sections :
■ of twenty-five, fifty, one bundled, or five hun- :
dred miks. lndiv lduals or companies desn mg to ,
control the entire load would thus be biought,
into competitioiuwnh the biddeis who were able ;
individually to construct each one of these sec-
tions. Unless this shall be done, or some, similar
amendment shall be adopted by the Congress of i
the U.s U'd Sums, a contract to build a le.ilroad i
two thousand mibs across the westei n poition of !
this continent must inevitably become n mouop- :
oly; tni very tew individuals or compmi'es in '
the United MaO's, at least, will be able to make i
<i proposition that any diseieet President of the j
United h: m s would be bk< ly lo enteiiam. j
oo, in my pidumeiit, i.hould locate the '
general rou'e of the ioad, for the purpose of se-
eui mu ihe most direct route. This bill, as it now
sbmds, unamended, if seems to me, holds out a ■
direct mducment to the eoutiaetor to conjunct
the mad on the most cu euitous lonte. 1 will sup- !
pose the contract to have been mode, to have been j
signed, seal d, and <h bveivd; that then the con- 1
U a, !oi u.io; ms I ho I'lesulenr that t he geneial route ;
of the i oad, com me wing at the mom h of the \
Su-ux, t he noi i hi ,ne.\tn mny oi the easti i n term-
inus named, v. ill i un over ;!<•• alluvial lamb,
the Aitssin.ni nvcr, aeu>Ns iNebiaska to the k.av ;
liver, theuce aetof.s Kau.-asaml the Indian IVr- !
utoiy, m a southwestern dueetion, tovvmds the .
thuij-fifih or the thn ty-secoud decree oi north
•; and t h< -1. he p11)ec<1 <|s to jts eoieu i ui'; ion, ;
uU the hi1 division of twent \ -iiv e nvh s.
Ti
iM ! c11 i 'i \ e his and fillet Li sections ;
al 11!i e ich nil e oi road thus omstrucied.
> Ui j j if j i; 3: i oi* the di\ e-a;n ol twenty- 1
i: \ e m i.< ■% vv o;,iii m < me • KJ!i so money, t o bo 1
duv\«i fiom the Tieastiiv in the Uuit-d States, .
and tweiay ber'iions oi I wu p< r m;ie- and yhouhJ
lie thus p:o(M''Ml oi rof ; theM- vu y d *siraide allu-
Mi'l land-, a distance of h(J0 mdis, In1 v. ill have
diawu i.diii tin! Tiia.saiyof tiie United Suites
t.cVJwOjMju it) money, and seeui"d title in foe sim- 1
■pie to I'",; mnhons one handled and stxiy-!our
thousand ecies oi the Very be^t lands belonging i
to *miI > epubhc.
To is  .i:h t b) mg the l oad to the foot of rug:;ed
moitmam.-j or stinie planus. What goaianuv
\vOnlf! v, e have that the coutiacto! would jijoe.'td
V;:h ine v.k ? Ten nuhton nei es oi lain!, loca :e(l
on bo. h - .des of a. railroad, built and oquippt d,
across fne ccini' \-y 1 have desea ibed, would lie
tuna I i d , by any m eat land-holder in t lie w est- ,
em fet.'t' r-, to newoithai least ■;.!00,()0v>and
i!o fwili'-atl c. ;11:i  :or v'.atid estimate the a\era::e
t.ost oi seen a leiboada; mm-'thcoi ;iO(j,(.K!{j per ,
mile, one h; I: oeing (iiawn dnei-My fiom ihe
'i'reasui y of 11«f* U<u t. d St^.t, s. Thus, the eon- '
tiacKa* v, oteJ if <;'i\ v a holies, tor ilie con^tiuc-,
tion of ihiti ur>ij:oa of the mat', of sixty or sev-
enty railhon uoilc'i s.
But aecotunei; to the [uovisions of this bill Phc !
fee simple to the land as> v.a il e.s the money is to '
be transferred to tise comiactoi, and may have 1
benn tiausferred by him at the comp'euon or such i
a dmsmn ol the road to innocent lioldets. The |
^o,0ij0,U:.U m money and the value of ten millions <
one bundled and aixty-four thousand ucies of I
land being; in the pockets of the contractor, what j
guarantee have you that he will continue his work,
being now on the borders of precipitous moun-
tains and sterile plains stretching off in a south-
western or western direction for more than a thou-
sand miles ?
It is said in this bill that five sections of land
alons the last division of the road completed shall
be retained as a guarantee for the construction of
the next section; that is, you will retain the title
to 76,000 acres of your own land as a guarantee
that the company will proceed. Nothing more.
Fiom this tune forward the land granted will be
perfectly worthless and the cost of the road greatly
enhanced. By looking at the reports of the en-
gineers it will be seen that the remaining part of
the road, after reaching the ninety-ninth merid-
ian, in estimated to cost across long distncta from
foity to fifty and even one hundred thousand
dollars per mile.
But in the next place we should adopt some
such amendment as the one now proposed; be-
I cause Congress is, or ought to be, better qualified
, to pronounce an enlightened and impartial decis-
i ion of this question. I know that in this opinion
. I differ from many of those around me. I know
it is said that we are divided by locality; that we
' arcdivided m this lespect by interest, and con-
| sequently, that there is great danger of the loss of
the bill, although a large majority of the Senate
1 and of Congress is believed to be in favor of a
Paeifio railroad, on a route to be voted for in the
dark, and thereafter to be located by some other
party; the responsibility being thus shifted from j
their shouldeis. I have already intimated my '
opinion that the members of the Senate, and of j
the House ot Representatives, have no right to |
' evade the discharge of the discretion with winch j
they have been mttusted by the people ot the i
United States. They have no right to evade the j
: lesponsibiiity of their present position. They •
i have accepted the otfice; they have accepted the
tiu^t; and they aie daily drawing the pay with \
\ which it is accompanied. If we admit ourselves '
! to be incompetent to the enlightened and impaj 1
tial discharge of the trust that is involved in tl o j
oiTice which we have received from the people I
and the States, it seems to me to be our plain duty |
to vacaie our seats here, and give place to tuose |
uhouie sufficiently enlightened and sufficiently |
mi, .utialio give a just decision. All thing*? el.se j
b< in.; equal, it is true, doubtless, that Senators j
and RepLcsj>ntatives would give the prefi.reucc to ;
their own Suites; but if a majority of the members i
of the Senate believe the construction of a rail- j
road iiom the eastern States to the Pacific ocean !
necessary to secure the great ends contemplated m -
this bill, I can Inmliy think it possible that local .
interests could influence us to sacrifice the m'eat '
d"iuamh of the nation. Each S-niatoi is the Je- 1
^i.daloi foi the nation at laige, wither than dfeven i
the Stale m \vh eh h< livi a. '■
It may be eaid, however, that the nvmbers of
the Senate ;,re not sulliciently informed to give j
en on!,uIitvned opinion on this subject. Such a i
preposition, several year?. .*mce, would probably 1
have been just m relation to a mojoruy of the ■
members of this body; but I find that Congioss i
passed a law, approved xMarch 3, 18.53, appi opn- i
atniif £131),UU0, and May 31, 1351, appropriating ,
more, and August f>, 183-1, •i!5'J,00J in '
addiuon, to be expended, under the direction of j
the Secu tar c of Wai ,1.1 on ex>doia:ion and .survey
of all ilie u',a'"s then proposed. In all, £o4lh'HJ0
have been withdmwn from the Tieasuiy of the
United vSt.vu s, by On^ress, for the purpo-e of
s"c;uing the re<juisite infoimation. These laws
liave been faitiiiully executed. The corps of en- :
giiK'(Ms, a[ipo!i!ted on the vanous lo^tes, have 1
laboii'msly periosmed their duties. Tiny havt-;
made their iepoi is to their supei ior, tlm S- iretary
of War, and they haze been o.deied to be pimtud,
and t i'ilit lai:r  (.puuK- volumes have bc-.-n iaid on
the desk.s o; S -nai«)is. ri^i;ese leport.v m * not the
bri-f fadi'-notes of tlte ^.irveyurs and iopogr.i]i!'- ■■
I en  i!.e,n s jottefj down winle (>n dmv 1.1 the
held, but thuy have been written out at length, in b
beautiful nairative style; they huVe been psinled !l
iii ckar type on pure, <J( ar paper, exhibiting not jj
only the general topography of the country, but its :'
mineralogy, its geology, us flora and its forua, b
from the forty-mnth to the thirty-second parallel, i
and from the Mississippi and Missouri livers on !
the east to the shores of the Pacific ocean. These •
reports have been made in the language of science,
and are clear and perspicuous.
But lest some Senators and members of Con-
gress might not be able lo read and comprehend
them;they have been illustrated. Every unusual
swell of land, every unexpected or unanticipated
gorge in the mountains has been displayed in a
beautiful picture. Every bird that flies in the air
over that'immense region, and every beast that
traverses the plains and the mountains, every fish
that swims in its lakes and rivers, every reptile
that crawls, every insect that buzzes in .the sum-
mer breeze, has been displayed in the highest
style of art, and in the most brilliant colors. This
printing, as I have been infoimed, has cost the
Senate for the twenty thousand copies ordered
fonts use and information, $800,000; a ninth vol-
ume, unbound, is now at your disposal for the
asking, costing $90,000 more, which added to the
cost of the exploration, will amount to more than
a million dollais, expended by the Senate of the
United States, to qualify its members to judge
discreetly as to the proper route for a Pacific rail-
road; and yet members of the Senate shrink from
the exercise of the discretion with which they
have been clothed by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, on the plea of a want of information!
All of this immense sum of money has been spent
in vain; wc hav<5 taxed the talent and energy of
our best and most scientific civil engineers for
three or four consecutive years, in collecting the
'requisite information in vain! Congress is still
uninformed ! The Congress of the United States
is still unable to give an enlightened decision !
1 cannot, Mr. President, with this immense
moss of information before me, decide that I am
incompetent to give an enlightened opinion. No
member of this Senate, who lias read these re-
ports, can do so. No member of Congress can
do so. Then what pretext have we for transfer-
ring the discretion, not to the Pi eshhmt, not to the
Postmaster General, not to the Secretary of War,
not to the Secretatv of the Navy, not to the Sec-
ictary of the Interior, but to a mail contractor
and an Army contractor—an oliicial hitherto not
known to the history of this country ? This high
legislative trust must be transferred to a mail con-
tractor, that members of this body perchance
may avoid the opprobrium that may be cast on
them if their pellicular locality should lose the
gioat Pacific railroad i Oilier.-: may be guided by
influences like these; but I cannot consent to be.
i will conclude my lcrnarlcs by expressing bi iefiy
my prefeiencc of a route. The amendment now
pending pioposcs that the road shall be con-
Ktiuctfd between the parailela of 43° and 34°. It
seems to me that narrowci limits should be pre-
scribed. 1 would propose to limit its location
by the thiuy-.^eventh and forty-third parallels
of noith latitude. If it is the object of Congress
to s< cure the con^t i uetion of a railroad on which
to curry the threat national mul; on which to bear
troops ;md munH'ons of war and Navy supplies
—a raihoad which is to bind together the discord-
ant members of this Confederacy—if indeed mere
be such—a railroad which shall draw across the
Center and to the Jieaitof tins Republic the trade
of the civilized world, no S( nator. os u seems Lo
me, can vote m favor of the exti.-mo northern or
of the extreme southern route. A minute exam-
ination of the reports will show that topographi-
cally t lie re n 1 ut little ad viole^e i>i favor oi'eir her
tlm exfeiiti. Poi ,'hei n, the rohti.il, or the extreme
sonth-un route. Each one has itc uihieuUies, and
tiiey are vei y ureat. l.hvh o,.e has its precipi-
tous mountains to aee.cnd, to exudate or tunnel,
and to discern!, ihuh one lias its slcnlj plains
to cross. E a one lias K3 broad fertile plains to
cros.s, winch aie at lu.j same time destitute of
timb-.i, and to eoui1 extent of waUi; but your
eti_r!Cei.-> Irvo iipmie.l each one of these three
routes j i.'ctieuble. A railroad can be built on
any of them, and built with the means of the
pt oole of the Umtod Sratrs> as is believed by the
mmnbeis of this committee, within the period of
ten or twelve yesiv, v.*i;hout s^noPsly derailing
the great com.uerciai and financial lntereo a of
the countiy.
As i beiore remarked, there arc advantages pe-
culiar to e^ch of these routes; but when we com- ,
pare them they are very evenly balanced. The
route near the forty-seventh and forty-nmlh par-
allels, from St. Paul to Vancouver, thence to
Seattle, is estimated b'y the engineers at two thou-
