THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1859.
New Series....No. 16.
sand and fifteen miles. The route near the forty-
first and forty-sreond parallels, via South Pass,
from Council Bluffs to Benicia, is estimated by
the engineers at two thousand and thirty-two
miles. The route near the thirty-second parallel,
from Fulton to San Pedro, and extension to San
Francisco, is estimated by the engineers at two
thousand and fifty-ei^ht miles.
That which is usually denominated the central
route on the parallel of 41° or 4*2°, is a httle too
far north to traverse the center of our possessions,
the extreme north being 490 and the extreme south
near 32°. But whilst this is true, it brings it all
the nearer the center of population and wealth.
It may have been observed by Senators that south
of Mason and Dixon's line, in 1850,according to
the census repoif, there were but little over six
million white people; norih of that line between
thirteen and fourteen million. This relative pio-
ponion of the white population of the two dis-
tricts has been increased largely in favor of the
North since that period. The country that I rep-
resent, in part, the great Northwest as we some-
times style it,including the five Slates northwest
of the Ohio and Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, Kan-
sas, and Nebraska, now contains, probably, one
third of the white population of the United States.
They cast at the recent elections about a million
and a half of votes, representing probably about
eight million people.
Wlu.t is tiue of the growing population of the
Northwest, is true, to some extent, of the States
immediately east, so that none can avoid draw-
ing a conclusion that the centerof population ha=;
been steadily tra\ehnsnorthward since the taking
of the last census. Then, if forty-one or foity-
two be a httle north of a projection of a line from
the geographical center of the eastern portion of
thiscountry, it brings it all the nearer to the cen-
ter of the hnc of population. All things else being
equal, no just Senator can decide in favor of an
extreme southern or an extreme noithern route.
That load which tiaverses the Republic nearest
its center is the one that is demanded by justice
to the whole country.
The people that T and my colleague here rep-
resent are vitally interested m this subject, I ad-
mit; and this has induced me to make this lapid
statement of the ixasons that will control my vote.
If left to them, hov.-ever, and it should be clearly
demonstrated that the great interests of trade and
commerce, our po,>t:il system, the public defenses
by sea and land, required a i;ad mi a difi'cient
latitude, I belifve tlu*y would join with me in its
support in opposition t > their immediate local in-
terests. I cannot believe tliatthe vote ot the Sen-
ate will be controlkd by local interests and sec-
tional views, in violation of the great interests of
the nation at laise
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment ot
the Senator from .Massachusetts, [Air. Wilson.]
Mr. WARD. Mr. President, having intro-
duced an amendment to this bill, which will come
up in its ordei, I wish to soy that 1 will move to
amend it, at a proper time, by inserting the iorty-
nmth parallel instead of the foi ty-iifth. I did not
consider, at the time I offered it, the surveys that
hod been made north of the forty-fifth parallel.
In relation to the amendment now under consid-
eration, if I were to consult my inclination at this
time, (being youngin the Senate,) I would not say
a word more on this subject; but, sir, 1 feel that I
should not hate discharged my whole duty, were
I to permit this amendment to pass without again
alluding to it.
Having on a former occasion endeavored to
show the supeiier advantage of a route for this
l-oad, which will bo excluded by the pending
amendment, should it pass, I trust that I have
not, nor will I now, insist upon its claims before
the Senate without reasonable authonty_for it.
Prom the nature a sd extent cf our Pacihc pos-
sessions, it can no longer be a question that it is
the interest end duty of til^ Federal Government
to provide ways an'd means for their protection
dnd for the defense of the nation.
16
It would be unnecessary for me at this time to
allude at length to the great necessity of a speedy-
connection, by railroad, with our Pacific coast.
It will only bo necessary to leferto the estimates
heretofore made to show that the transportation
by land, over the best route?, foi mails. Army and
Navy supplies, necessary even in lime of peace,
will cost at least $20,000,000 annually, and in tune
of war it must necessarily be very much greater,
as past experience will prove in the rate of trans-
portation on our northern frontier, during the late
war with Great Britain. Dcsides, even*it' it were
possible to carry an army across the desert plains
at some seasons, they would be exhausted and
broken down, and supplies wasted before they
reached then' place of destination, to say nothing"
of tiie time spent in the march at an important
crisis; and should we be cut off fiom tho Isthmus
route (which should not be itlicd on) we would
have no other alternative, in view of our condi-
tion, therefore, Congress has from time to time
appropriated large snms of money, amounting to
about eight hundred thousand dollars for the pur-
pose of sending out competent and experienced
engineers in search of the most eligible route fora
railroad to the Pacific, with positive reference to
shortness and economy; and after having spent
much time and labor in exploring the various
mountain passes and desei t plains, from the Mis-
sissippi iiver to the Pacific, and from Lit nude 3;P
to 49°, have reported the rosulr of their investi-
gation to the proper euthoiM-s. •, will Ijl. seen
in thp exhibits of the Secretin ies of War on that
subject. Now, Mr. Picsulv,:, if \yf■ are called
upon to decide between the lines u>r tins road, as
reported to the Government, it becomes our duty
to compare them, and to select according to the
intention of the law authoring the surveys; but
if this amendmentshotild prevail, in my judgment
it would set aside mid repudiate the voiy object
sought to be attained, and for winch this nann nse
amountof money has been expended. L^tus ex-
amine the record and see whrther itdoes not beca-
me out in this statement. The Pacific Railroad
Report shows the comparative costs and distances
of the various routed to be as follows:
Jji'iai"'C—i'j Co J.
A mute re-m 47°anfi40J 
A lout'J iK'iu 47° and J J3 i' .K/n ) eo >
A i'Hito near 41° and 42° 2.t 32 Ji - < 'J'1 <X0
A ionic near r!S° ami bO5 •>.< M !iii[(iae::<jah<j
A K-u'.e in ,ir .'J?0 and ,%9 V„,^L0 '•
A neru 3S", troj.i FojtS.jith to
San Fmucim-o \V K H-,000,001
A lode ne iro.3°, horn Foil Smith to
San jYiiro  ljt-o 02^000,(J>,0
A louto ricai 32% fiom Fulton to San
Fianci^co «2.'J 24 8.),000,000
A route near 32°. from Fullou to San
j>udM  I ,">23 C3,OOJ,UOO
A loutf near 32°, from Fulton to San
D-ego 000.OiK)
It will appear from there estimate that the line
on the thirty-second patallel from Pt-Uon even to
San Francisco, is shorter than all oilkr* re-
ported, and at a cost fiom sixteen tu fifty null ions
of dollars Ipss; but from Fuhon to San Dic^n, it
shows a difference of four hund'-. d and ninety-
one miles less than fromFm1 Sar tii to San Fran-
cisco, and twenty-four millions loss cost. This
estimate includes the line of road across Texas,
which is not to be tak . n ;:i:o this calculation.
The gidy remaining link of road to be built by
Government aid on the thiery-second paia'lel,
Vv'iil be throu'^n that poiimn of Government Ter-
ritory fiom iil P.; :o to Fort Yuma, a distance of
fi\c hundred and tiinty-nmo mJ<v, between the
Ctetrs of Texjs and O^'uf.n no., w i;u !i :•< at W.st
one thou ">ond mil s shelter than the Te ir aerial lino
on ihuty-fiftk d< iirco, or any other ht.e imported.
It isaiso in proof that on the hoe of thirty-two de-
grees will be found the lowest pa^e in the moun-
tains by seveial thousand f'-ot, bomg o\or thiee
i thousand feet below that of thirty-live degrees,
i North of the thirty-fifth raralh L the elevation
' continues to increase to the height of ten theu-
' sand fee* in latitude thirty-right, and ih * peaks
J rise up to the cnonttous height of; vrr.toe>. tSiooc"-
i and foot into the n.c:ion of pev^tuel s.^nv. No
i pws has been discovered through the S en a Ne-
vada.mountains for the construction of a railroad
between the parallels of thirty-five and forty-one.
North of this, however, in latitude forty-seven,
the elevation is not so great, and the pass appears
to be lower than at any point North of thirty-two
degrees.
I will here briefly allude to the comparative
merits of the parallels of 35° and 32°, as I under-
stand them. It will appear from all the informa-
tion before us, that the face of the country on the
lmo of 350 is, to a very great extent, broken and
mountainous, though in portions of the route
there arc fine valleys of land and good water; but
in consequence of its increased elevation and lat-
itude, it would not cmly be more difficult and ex-
pensive to construct a road, (to say nothing of its
additional length,) butit would be more expensive,
as to running time, on account of ascents and de-
scents, which are said by railroadmen to be a very
large per cent, in favor of lighter grades. It is
estimated that a grade of ten feet to the mile would
add twenty per cent, to the running cost, increas-
ing in the s.ime ratio, and thus a grade of fifty
feet to the mile would involve a working expense
of double that of a level road. This estimate would
especially apply to long and hedvy trains, such
as would necessarily be thrown on this road, as
it would be the recipient of all roads*, and further,
we are told by railroad operators, that in case of
heavy grades the trains are usually freighted with
refoience to the worst portion of tj^c road. Add
to this a climate of ice and snow, and the difficul-
ties, as well as risk, will be greatly increased.
The face of the country on the thirty-second
parallel, from El Paso to Fort Yuma, is said to
be level or gently undulating for over two thirds of
the distance, and that route passes over a soil al-
ternately rjch and gravelly; and it is now con-
fidently bcheved that the extensive valleys of the
Colorado and Gila, heretofore considered unpro-
ductive, being destitute, to some extent, of sea-
sons, can bo urinated from those rivers and their
tubutau-j« successfully, which will greatly in-
creat'o i h<"> n^rienl tnral interest on that line of road.
1 have been told by reliable gentlemen who
have been engaged m the overland mail service
on that line during the past year, that the country
was so generally"level that it was very seldom
nect isary to lock their wagon wheels over the
nu-st difficult portions of the road from El Paso
to Foit Yuma; and that settlements were being
furmrd by Americans, so as to enable travelers to
reach ihem daily, at convenient distances. An-
other consideration for the construction of this
ro,-<d is, that upon this line and the adjoining coun-
try labor can be had at from ten to fifteen dollars
per month.
Some suppose, Mr. President, that a larger
amount of money should be set apart to insure
the building of this road. I think, sir, that
^•10,0^0,000, with the immense bonus of land, is
iji'ito sufficient to carry it through the Territories
on the shortest and best route; and, in addition to
that, there are other considerations. The profits
of tiio road when completed will, necessarily, bo
vet y great. It will be the trunk road into which
all other roads will be merged, and the commerce
and travel, both by land and by sea, for thousands
of m.les will pass over it. I believe that the in-
ducement would be sufficient for capitalists to en-
gage in it even without Government aid, if that
portion of the road which runs through the States
wiu- in proness, with a fair piospcctof early
completion. Still, I am in favor of extending such
rid es mw bo deemed necessary to construct the
read thtough the Territories only, and I think the
provisions of the bill are ample in that respect.
i have dwelt at some length upon the claim of
t'tifj thirty-second parallel for this road, and whilst
I behevo it possesses advantages far superior to
all others, yet if a better can be found I shall be
m favor of'jt; hut I do insist that, as one of thft
suvvovs reported by Government agents, it should
not be precluded as proposed'by The amendment
now under consideration before the Senate.
; { feel assured that the interest of the nation
would be most effectually guarded and protected
