1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. GROW. I desire to understand—-for I
could not quite hear—what the understanding is,
which was proposed by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, and accepted by the gentleman from Mis-
souri ? Now, within the last two weeks, five
gentlemen on the other side of the House have
discussed the expenditures of the Government,
and no one on this side of the House has been
heard in legitimate and fair discussion on these
appropriation bills. If the arrangement proposed
is such as will allow that kind of debate, I shall
be satisfied with it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will modify the
resolution I have submitted; and if objection is
made to it, I shall move to suspend the rules. I
propose now to introduce a resolution that the
general debate on the naval appropriation bill
shall be closed to-morrow morning, at eleven
o'clock; and that, in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to-day, after the House
shall have resumed the consideration of that bill,
no motion shall be in order, except that the com-
mittee riseor take a recess; and no motion in the
House, except that the House adjourn.
Mr. GlDDINGS. I suggest that it be the un-
derstanding that we shall have an evening ses-
sion.
Mr. SICKLES. The committee can remain
in session as long; as they like.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I move to
suspend the lules to enable me to submit it.
Mr. M1LLSON. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that he can accomplish his
objectby the introduction of a simple proposition
to close the debate at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
If he accompanies that proposition with an agree-
ment, or proposed agreement, that no vote shall
be taken, nud no business done, it is simply an
invitation to members to quit the House, and
would defeat the very object, which is, to have
intelligemdiscussion on the bill in the hearing of
members. Let him submit a simple proposition
to close debate at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my objection to
the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not understand the
proposition, and I shall object unless I do.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if it is in order to move to
change a standing rule of the House without one
day's notice. If not, I object on that ground,
and renew the objection of the gentleman from
Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overruns the
first branch of the question of order raised by the
;entleman from Indiana. The gentleman from
ndianahas a right to object to the proposition;
but it is perfectly competent to move a suspen-
sion of the rules, including the very rule to which
the gentleman refers, providing that no change
shall be made in the standing rules without one
day's notice. The gentleman from Missouri pro-
poses to suspend that rule, or any other, if ob-
jection is made to his lesolution.
Mr. HUGHES, Is a motion now pending to
suspend the rules ?
1 he SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri indicated his purpose to move a suspension
of the rules, if objection should be made to his
resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to know if the mo-
tion is now pending while I have the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is occupying the floor on a question of or-
der.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order for me now to
move a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri be read. I want to know
how many propositions it covers, and how much
ground we have to travel over.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state ofihtjUmon on bill So. 71D, shall cea^e
at eleven o'clock, a. m.5 to-morrow, and that, in the mean
time, no vote shall be taken in Committee of the Whole,
eicept that the committee use, or take a recess, and m the
Hou^e that it do adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I raise a point of order on
that resolution. We had up the same perplexing
question the other day in regard to suspending
the rules t<> take up two bills; the Speaker was in
?;
very great doubt about it, and an appeal was en-
tered , but to disembarrass the Chair, it was with-
drawn.
Now, this motion contemplates three distinct
propositions. Whatarethey? The first is that
the debate shall be closed; the second is, that no
vote shall be taken except on a motion to rise, or
take a recess; and the third is, that no vote shall
be taken in the House except upon a motion to
adjourn. The gentleman's motion to suspend the
rules covers those three distinct points, and I in-
sist that that is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order raised by the gentleman from Geor-
gia. The Chair thinks it is competent for a gen-
tleman to submit a motion to suspend all the rules
at the same time, if he chooses to do so. It is a
question which addresses itself to the discretion
of the House whether it will vote for such a mo-
tion or not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move to amend the
motion so as to suspend all the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Clmir thinks that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to lay the ap-
peal upon the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The morion was disagreed to.
The appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House
Mr HUGHES. I understand that the prop-
osition now is to suspend the rules for the intro-
duction of the resolution. Is it in order for me
to move to amend that motion so as to suspend
the rules to enable me to introduce a bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. Two
motions to suspend the rules cannot be entertained
at the same time.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not propose to make an-
other motion to suspond the rules, but to change
the object of the suspension.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not amendable under the practice of the
House.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to inquire of the Chair
if the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri
would be obligatory, if adopted ? Can this House
make any order which would deprive a member
of the House of the right to ask for a vote upon
any question ? I say it is an evasion of the rule3
of this House, and of the rights of members. I
submit that the House has no power to forbid
members to submit whatever motions they may
please under the rules.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
that question of order ?
Mr. HUGHES. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of ol der.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know if the ques-
tion is divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Why, sir, there is no pre-
vious question which can apply to it.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the ques-
tion itself is not debatable.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, there are three dis-
tinct propositions embraced in that resolution.
The SPEAKER. That may be a good reason,
as a matter of consistency, why the House should
not adopt it. j
Mr. SEWARD. I should think it was a good !
reason why the Speaker should not entertain it.
Mr. VANCE. Would it now be in order to
move that the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar be discharged from the
consideration of House bill (No. 270) to execute
the treaties of 1817 and 1819 with theCherokees,
j by making provision for the reservations under
| the same ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in oider at this
time.
The rules were then suspended, (two thirds
having voted therefor;) and Mr. Phelps, of Mis-
souri, introduced his resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the
previous question upon the passage of the reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Before the question is put on
that motion, however, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was just now adopt-
ed, and move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HUGHES. I submit that the gentleman
from Missouri cannot make two motions at once;
and I now claim the floor, for the purpose of ask-
ing the consent of the House to permit me to in-
troduce a bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri was entitled to the floor. He did submit two
motions, and no exception was taken to it by the
gentleman from Indiana, or any other member.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, sir, this is the same
sharp practice that was put upon me yesterday.
The facts are these: the gentleman from Missouri
moved that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. He then said
that previous to that, he moved that the vote by
which the resolution was adopted be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabic. Now, sir, 1 submit that he could not,
under the rules of the House, submit these two
motions.
Mr. SEWARD. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that that is a rather hard
place, and that he had better withdraw his ob-
jection, and allow us to proceed amiably.
Mr. HUGHES. I decline to yield the floor.
I want it understood that I make no complaint of
the Speaker. The Speaker suggested yesterday
that it was rather sharp practice upon me when
the floor was taken from me yesterday by tha
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submitted the
motion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of tha
Whole on the state of the Union. Before the
question was put on that motion, however, I sub-
mitted a privileged motion to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted. If objec-
tion had been made at the time, I suppose, per-
haps, the vote could have been taken upon the
motion to reconsider. No objection, however,
was made. The question was put on laying that
motion on the table; and the motion which I origin-
ally made to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union is now pending.
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. HUGHES. In order to see whether I am
to be allowed to have any rights in this House, I
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from me to make that motion.
Mr. DEAN. Is the appeal debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DEAN. Then, I object to all debate.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask for the yeas and nays,
upon the motion to lay on the table.
Upon ordering the yeas and nays, only four-
teen gentlemen rose.
Mr. HUGHES called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige, of
North Carolina, and Chaffee, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes fifteen, not a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The appeal was then laid on the table.
The motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, was
then agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill of the House (No. 712) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, I860.
