1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
it was the beginning of the agitation, and was lim-
ited to a few deluded religious fanatics amongst
the men, and some of the weaker sex, of the New
England States. It nevertheless aroused the fears
and excited the angry feelings of many of the
southern people; it produced much discussion in
Congress, and amongst the newspaper press of
the southern States. Many expressed their belief
that it was the beginning of a storm which was to
sweep over the free States, carrying everything
before it; but they were met with the syren song
which the distinguished Senator from South Caro-
lina has recently so eloquently poured forth,
" there is no danger; slavery is too strong to be
overturned ; let the sound, conservative mind and
heart of the North be appealed to, and all will be
right; our friends there will protect us." Behold
the result in the late elections! With the bold,
undisguised declaration of hostility to slavery at
the South, as enunciated by the great leader of
its enemies at Rochester, with his loud-sounding
pronunciamiento of " down with the accursed
thing;" with the bloody flag of anti-slavery un-
furled, and " war to the knife" written upon its
folds, there is not at this day a majority of true,
conservative friends of the rights of the South in
a single free State of this Union this side of the
Rocky Mountains. The demon of abolition, m
his most hideous shape, has covered them ail over
with the footprints of his onward and remorse-
less march to power.
Sir, he knows but little of the workings of human
nature, who supposes that the spirit of anti-sla-
very fanaticism which now pervades the northern
heart will stop short of its favorite and final end
and aim—the universal emancipation of slavery
in the United States by the operation and action
of the Federal Government. When Mr. Wilber-
forcc began the agitation of his scheme of eman-
cipation in the British West India Islands, there
was not a corporal's guard in both Houses of (he
British Parliament who sympathized with him or
approved the movement; and yet, in less than a
quarter of a century, all England became aboli-
tiomzed, and peipetiated, by a decree in Parlia-
ment, one of the most arbitrary and outrageous
violations of private rights which was ever in-
flicted by despotic powci upon peaceful and loyal
subjects. And so it will be in this countiy._ The
same spirit which brought about emancipation in
the British islands, will product; it here whenever
the power is obtained to pass and to enfoice its
decrees. When the present Republican party, or
its legitimate successors in some other name, shall
get possession of the Government; when it has
the President, both Houses of Congress, and the
judiciary, what will stay its hand? It cannot
stand still; if it does, it dies. To live and reign,
it must go on. Step by step it will be driven
onward in its mad career until slavery is abolished
or the Union dissolved. One ot these two things
is as inevitable as death.
I know that there are men even in the South,
who, like the distinguished Senator from South
Carolina, argue that slavery is stronger and sa!ei
now in the Union than it ever has been—that the
South, by unity and concert, can always com-
bine with a party at the North sufficiently strong
to carry the election and control the action of the
Federal Government. In my opinion there never
was a greater mistake. Suppose the election of
President were to come off at this time, and all
the southern States, including even Maryland,
were united upon a candidate: how many free
States would he carry ? Perhaps California, and
Oregon, if she is admitted; but not another State.
The recent elections show clearly that the Aboli-
tionists have notonly a decided but an overwhelm-
ing majority, in every free State on the Atlantic
slope. ' in all the kite elections, conservative and
sound Democracy,the only element sympathizing
with the South, has not earned a single free State.
I do not consider the triumph of the distinguished
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] as a vic-
tory of sound Democracy. It was a victory ol
Free-Soil Democracy over Abolition "Whigery,
and no more; and I would not give a copper for
the difference. So far as the South and her consti-
tutional rights are concerncd, it was a victory over
her and over them. I would not turn on my heel
for choice between the Wilmot proviso and the
squatter-sovereignty doctrine and policy of the
Senator from Illinois. Indeed, sir, if I was driven
to select between them, I would-take the former-.
It is open, manly, and decisi-y^; .it settles the
question at once, by debarring theisq-uthe.ro peo-
ple, in terms, from entering the T<$r$tQries with
their slave property; it is an ope-jnartd undisguised
denial of right to the South, which the South
could resist or submit to, as her sense of hondr or
her policy might dictate, whilst the squatter-sov-
ercignty doctrine and practice, as defined by its
distinguished advocate, is plausible, delusive, de-
ceptive, and fatal. No man of common sense can <
suppose that, under it, the South will ever obtain j
another foot of territory, or add another slave j
State to this Union. Both are political heresies, I
finding no authority in the Constitution; equally j
violative of the rights of the southern people, sub- i
versive of their equality in the Union, and an m-
suit to their honor, which, in my opinion, alike
demand their reprobation and resistance. !
The people of the southern States, as coequals ,
in the Union, and as joint and equal owners of the
public territory, have the right to emigrate to
these Territories with their slave property, and to |
the protection and the enjoyment of that prop- |
erty by law during the existence of the territo- ;
rial government; laws passed by Congress as the !
trustee and common head of the joint property— ■
head of all the States and all the people of the ;
States in the public territory; laws recognizing ■
the equal right of every citizen to go in and pos- I
sess and enjoy the common inheritance; laws, 1
not to deprive men of property, but to regulate
and secure its enjoyment; laws to put every man I
m the United States upon an equal footing m the
exercise of a great constitutional right. This, sir,
is what we of the South are entitled to at the
hands of a common Government; and we ought
not to be content with less, oi submit to a demal
of k. I am free to declare here, that if i hod the j
control of the southern people, I would demand ,
this of Congress at the organization of every ter- '
ritonal government, as the terms upon which the
South should remain in the Union. I would hold .
our " ng!it"m one hand and " separation" in the ,
other, and leave the North to choose between ,
them. If you would do us justice, I would live
with you in peace; if you denied us justice, I ,
would not live with you another day.
Sir,abolition is advancing with rapid strides to I
the accomplishment of l's great end. the universal 1
emancipation of slavery in the United Slates. The
distinguished Senator from New \ ork, [Mr. Sew- '
ard,] when he uiteied Ins anathemas, and ush-
ered forth his declaration of waragainst southern
slavery at Rochester, understood well the feehng
which sways, and is likely to sway, the masses in
the northern States upon this important and ex-
citing subject. The North intends to put down
shivery at the South, " peaceably if they can, fot -
cibly if they must." It is true, the Senator from
New Yoik, the great embodiment of this abo'i-
tinn sentiment and will, has very kindly and con-
descendingly told the world that thisgreatcnd and
object are to be accomplished by " constitutional
weans/" What fool does not understand that?
A majority party, controlling al! the bianehcs of
the Government, and bent upon an object, would ,
have no difficulty m finding a grant of power in 1
the Constitution for the accomplishment of any
object. What better authority would they want
than the power given to Congress to '-pronde
for the general welfare" of the United Slates?
Slavery, they say, is a sroat curse, a political,
moral, and sociafevii; a datk and damning stain
upon the national escutcheon; a blight upon its
prosperity; a s;reat and growing injury even to in-
dividuals and States who tolerate it. The na-
tional wlMuio demands Ks extinguishment, and
Congress may and must do it. Ileie is the giant,
and neie the nree&s.ty and occasion of its exor-
cise. What is to deter or hinder? The union
of the southern people in presidential elections.'
That is the almighty panacea of some gentlemen.
Such an idea is not folly on! y; it is treason against
the South. The constitutional power will soon
bo found; there are more clauses than one which
would justify such a proceeding upon the part of
a bold and reckless majority, i have heard that
John Ctmncy Adams once said, in a speech deliv-
ered in the House of Representatives, thai there
were so mvny clauses in the Constitution open to
i constiuction, that he could drive a four-horse
i wa*on and team through forty places in it, and
I find authority in each to abolish slavery m the
southern States; .and so, sir, When,. the'Republi-
can -party obtains the possession find control of
the Government—President, Congress,. Supreme
CotnV-rand ehaJlfeel s.ecuire of its paweryand con-
fident of success, there %ViU not otjly be no con-
stitutional barrier to stky its hand, but abundant
authority will be found in the Constitution, as it
is, to justify any measure its wisdom or its folly
may prompt it to adopt. •
Sir, there is but one path of safety for the insti-
tution of slavery in the South, when this mighty
northern avalanche of fanaticism and folly shall
press upon us; and that path lies through separa-
tion and to a southern confederacy. This is the
great ultimate security for the rights, honor, and
prosperity of the South. Sir, there are even now
thousands of her sotis who believe that the slave
States, formed into a separate confederacy, and
united under such a government as experience
and wisdom would dictate, would combine ele-
ments of more political power, national prosperi-
ty, social security,and individual happiness, than
any nation of ancient or modern times; and, sir,
I am among the number. This is not the time or
place to enter upon the discussion of this prop-
osition ; if it were, the demonstration of its truth
would be easy and irresistible. But whether this
be so or not—whether the southern States would
be better off in a separate confederacy or in the
present Union, one thing is certain; and that is",
that 7io Union, or no slavery, will sooner or later
i be forced upon the choice of the southern people.
1 I do not say, sir, how or when the South will de-
1 cide the question; but I will say that there is a
1 large and growing party in many, if not in all of
the southern States, m favor of separation now
, for causes already existing, as an object both of
necessity arid political expediency Ten years ago,
, and scarcely a voice could be heaid mall the South
■ calculating the value of the Union. Now, their
] name is legion. As, at each recurring and return-
; ing crisis of agitation, the strength of the Aboli-
i uon party incieases at the North, so does the
; spirit of disunion increase at the South, and its
' advocates become moie confident and defiant.
[ 1 venture the opinion that m my own State, so
, well convinced are the great mass of the people
1 of all parties that the anti-slavery agua'<on is not
| to cease until the institution is destroyed, if the
i question was now put whether the southern States
i m a body should separate and form a southern
; confederacy, amajonty would vote for the prop-
! osition. I do not say, sir, that Georgia would
; secede alone, or together with a few of the other
l States, or with any number less than tin1 whole; but
| 1 verily believe that if the S'-paiation "| all of them
1 in abody depended upon the voice ofGeorgia, that
voice would boldlyand promptly speak out—sep-
■ aration ' i do not say, sit, that this sentiment
i would he unanimous; 1 know there are many who
! are conscientiously of opinion that the Union Js
1 the greatest political good; many for whom the
| Union has irresistible charms; many who would
] oppose sepaiation from a dread of consequences;
= and some from interested motives would cling to
j the powers that be, and the things that are; they
! would say, let us trust still longer to the conserv-
| ouve feeling of the North; let us appeal to their
patriotism, or to their interests; lot us give them
1 a Pacific railroad; let us give them high protective
tariffs; let us vote millions of the public money
; to clean out their rivers and improve their har-
■ bets; let us feed them and fatten them and gorge
i them out of the public crm, until, like young
vultures, they vomit m our faces; kt us smother
' their fanaticism with masses of ijold and silver;
and then, perhaps, they will let us keep our nig-
gOA But, sit, these are not my sentiments, nor
do 1 believe thev arc the sentiments or the aigu-
; ments of the gieatbody of the people ot my State.
The majority already believe tnat northern aggies-
■ sion has gone far enough and_ ought not to be
1 allowed to go furthei; they believe that southern
' rights and "honor out of the Union are b-tter
, than dishonor within it; they believe that slavery
; without the Union is better than the Union with-
' out slavery; and they are prepared, at the veiy
| next act ofaggiession from the North, to r< sist,
1 even to the " disruption of all the ties which bind
i them to the Union." Noi do I believe, sir. that
, the people of Georgia or of the South will be dts-
! posed to wait for an overt act of aggression upon
; the rights, Honor, or interests of the southern
! States.
