1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
two hundied and eighty-nine pages, and I there- j
fore move that, by unanimous consent, its first |
reading* for information be dispensed with. i
The motion was agreed to. '
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I purpose, asbriefly ;
and with as much precision as possible, to state j
to the committee the circumstances under which i
this bill is now propounded to their consideration, j
It purports to be for the codification of the exist-
ing revenue laws of the United States, and for ;
other purposes. The title of the act is, to some j
degree, a misnomer, It cannot pretend to the dig- i
nity of a codification of revenue laws. Itissimply ;
but a consolidation or collocation of those laws, 1
with a repeal of laws conflicting with them, and j
a proposition to supply others to cure defects j
created by our increasing commerce. i
I must remark preliminarily that this bill in no j
way affects the collection districts of the United j
States. It in no degree affects the revenue officers ;
of the United States, nor their emoluments, nor !
the ports of entry or of delivery. It is a pure col- '
lection of laws necessary to the due collection arid ;
disbursement of the levenues necessary to the j
continuous action of the Federal judiciary en- !
gaged in the administration of law applicable to !
the commerce of the country. i
In the first place, it is requisite to understand the j
various interests affected by the laws of the land ;
in this regard, as they at present exist. We have 1
in the Union one hundred and firty-two collection ]
districts. In each one of these districts v/e have a j
port of entry; and there are also located within
them various ports of delivery, amounting in ail ;
to eighty-nine. We have more than three thou- ,
sand officers engaged upon the revenues, di&tnb-!
uted throughout the United States, all of them
daily and constantly directed and controlled by
these laws. We have a vast army of lawyers in
these United States, who are called upon to ex-
pound these laws. Twenty-five thousand law-
yers are there, and merchants a bundled thousand,
the vocation of ail of whom is, without intermis-
sion, connected intimately with subjects that are
controlled by these laws, affected by the bill now
on the desks of members.
Rut more than this, the vast interests of our
daily and annual commerce are affected by these
laws thus condensed and codified. Five thou - |
sand millions of interior commerce not. untruly ;
represents the vast interest to which these laws j
are applicable, and over which they are spread; I
while $793,839,756 of annual imports and exports j
but feebly announce to this House the magnitude |
and extent of those interests that are controlled, ,
mourned, or governed, by the revcnuelaws of the ,
United States. _ j
Therefore, when we consider also that the ton- |
na^e of the country now amounts to o\erfive mil- ,
lion tons; when we consider that ail of these laws,
m their application to this tonnage m its uiuty and 1
in us aggregate, have in ^haige interests which,
for magnitude and importance, cannot no ap- !
proached by any other that can be presented to
this committee, we will acknowledge the impott- .
ance of this bill. In fact, sir, tuts is a collection
of laws to affect and control the mteiests of every ,
individual m the whole country; and we, as a 1
committee, in this sense, are called upon to con- ,
sider the obligation of our pnmaiy duties*: namely,
that of making laws for, and giving taws to, the ;
country which we lepresent. Now, sir, the code
that forms the basis of the existing revenue laws ,
of the United States is that enacted m the years ,
1793 and 1799. It was taken mainly from the Eng- i
lish shipping-laws of that day, and was adopted !
bodily into the practice of the country without re- ;
gard to its geographical conditions, without regard :
to our different relations with the world at huge. '
So, sir, it is not to be wondeied at that many of
the provisions of the laws of 3799 are, for their
many maccutacies and imperfections, inapplica-
ble to our commerce now, as they were oppressive
upon it then.
Since thnttime,in every decade, there nave been
additional laws pas&ed—laws temporary in their
effect, to comply with the exigencies of the day;
laws that had no general or catholic application,
hut which, after having answered the desired, ob-
ject, went into oblivion in tact, while they still
"maintained afootmg on the statute-book. Thus it
is that many of the laws are inopeiative, though
on the statute-book, because ihey are inapplicable
to the present state of our commerce; and many
are obscure because they are obsolete. Many of
them having been, in fact, practically repealed be-
fore, it is quite tune that they should be entirely
removed from the records of iavv. In truth, sir,
so involved has the entire body of these laws be-
come, so difficult of interpretation, and so ob-
scure, that even our judges are often at fault in
their efforts to discover their tenor and effect. Not
only has legislation come to be so uncertain that
the law has departed from its proper object, but
even those who are charged with its administra-
tion have pronounced it impossible to follow itin
its continuous but devious uack. The Executive
of the country had its attention directed to this
evil as long ago as 1831. President Fillmore, in
his message of that year, advised Congress that
it was necessary to establish a commission for
the revisal of the criminal code of the United
; States, inclusive of the revenue laws. I may be 1
j permitted here to read an extract from that mes-
! sage, which places m their proper view the diffi-
: culties that beset not only the criminal code, but i
; as well the revenue laws of the land:
! " The public statutes? of the United States have now been [
accumulating foi moio than tixtv yeais, and, inrei^peised !
' with pnvate acts, are scatteied through numerous volumes;
j and horn the con of the whole, have become almost niae-
' eessible to the great nia.-b of die community. They also
! exhibitmucii of the incongruity and wipeneetjon of hasty
■ h'L'Mauon. As it teems to he geneially conceded that tlieie
' i>~nu 'common law' of the United Stales to supply the
I defects- of their legislation. it ja most impoitant that that
i legislation thouid he as peitect as possible ; detinue every
; pmvei intended to be eonlerred, every eume intended to be
1 made pum.slvble, and pieicribmg the punishment to be in-
fiicted. In addition to some paiticiilar eat.*1-, spoken oi'mni o
at length, the whole enmirml code is now lameritabh defert-
: lve. Some olfm&esj are imperfectly described, and otheis
aie cmuefy oniitied, so that flagrant crimes maybe com-
; putted \a it'll impunity The <-ca!'-> of pnni.-hment i> not in
i all caces gi;<diirited aecouhne to the degiec and natuie or
j the offence, and is often iend"red more unequal bv thedif-
i fci'Titmudo-5 of imprisonment, oi penitential y confinement,
! in the diligent States
" Manv laws of a permanent chaiacter have been mtro-
[ duced into .tppiopruuion lulls.and u i  often difficult to dc-
' toimine whethei tin3 p.mienku clause erpires with the
tempoiai v act of winch it is a part, or continues m force. It
j ha> also ticquentlv happened that enactments and provisions
j of laws have been innotiueed into bills with the title or
1 jjeneral subject of which they have little or no connexion
! oi relation, I n this mode of legislation so many enac'mems
J have been heaped upon each other, and often with butlittle
| eon>idciauoa, that m many instanced it is difficult to seaich
I out and d^tetnmie what ts law.
Goveniment of the United States is emphatically a
! Govei mne.ut ofwntten law. The Matutes should, there-
: loie. m far a5? practicable, not only he made accissibieto
| all, hut be cxpies.-ed m language >o plain and simple a« to
be undei-ttnod bv ail, and arranged m such method as to give I
; p^ispiemtv to cveiv subject. Many ofthe States have rc-
i vised then public acts with great and manifest benefit, and
! 11 ecommend that provision bo made by law for the appoint-
ment of a eomnii-Moii to icuti; the public statutes of the
, United Plate-, ar auyinu th"in in order, suppl} m? deficien-
j cie.-. cot recti ii2 moongj nine*. simplifying language, and re-
! poiung them to (Jongiej-s lor action."
1 Sir, this wise advice in respect to the criminal
code has been observed by the House of Repre-
sentatives and by the Senate of the United States.
, A commission was formed, which, having been
m session for mure than five years, has perfected j1
i what is now presented to the consideration ofthe '!
1 committee. j!
i Nor is the House left to the opinions and ad- ji
i vice ofthe Executive alone. Those best acquaint- .
' cd with the subject—the judiciary—have also i
! spoken. I will, for the sake of the information! '•
■ ofthe committee, direct its attention to the words !
■ which fell fiom the bps of Chief Justice Story:
j "1 cannot but regict that the revenue laws have notun- 1
deigone a thoiougii' ievi-aon and consolidation, since the |
] act of 379L1. soa-v to cuie the numerous defects, and supply .
1 the obvious omissions (not to <-peak of the lepugnances ot ;
i the later legislation) which evnenence has demotittiated j
1 to exist in ih.u <ier. Ii'str.id oi ■$ plain and uniform •statute
! to ro< u!atn thi< \vhol«> nirittei, we aie now driven to an v\-
aminaiion of numerous law-, wlneji have been sine e p«>sed
■ upon ih«* suiif sui>)e<'i, the piovi&ion< of which are not
' ah\ a\ iei ont nablc w ltn '.ach other, and which pre-enf al- !
I niiKt endless euiijana->m,''iit- and que«t. >ns in ihen actual ,
; apfvlieaijon,'1 &e. (See AUon-o vs. United States. "2 Stoiy j
, Hep. 4-21.)
| But we are not loft, alone with the opinions of '
I this learned occupantof the bencn of former days; ,
at a more recent date, and in our own time, has
another learned Federal judgo fpoVen upon this
' i subiect. in the case of Aiattijew Buckley vs. [
'! ChJrles Brown, collector, Judge Grier, in pro- ,
i nouncing the opinion of the court, says: ]
■1 Ci it i- a meat miov.inee V.\hi iho to venue !a\v> p'l^^ed by !
i! Consuls lisive become so nu neiuu< and eompln-atMl lhat
'' it is often difficult to a-.-ei;ani whrt k- ihe l.uv on
; j auv jiaiueubu mi'^O in the i*< ?.-li uci ion oi otucr lawv, >
: 1 when one statute 5eji;>lie oi cnar.gos piovicivjis of ail- i
other, the latest h construed as a repeal of the former. But,
on the construction of this mass of contradictory icvenae
lawd, it would seem that the statute which gives tiie highest
duty, the largp&t fees, or the severest penally, is never re-
pealed by a later aet, which mitigates the penalty or dumn-
lslifth the fees.
" Acts g'vius certain fees or forfeitures to certain officers,
become almost like the laws of the Mcdes and Persians,
incapable of being repealed. At least, it is hard for human
ingenuity to discover language for the purpose, which may
not be perverted by ingenious misconstruction." ^
I have thus, in few words, directed, the atten-
tion of the committee to the inconveniences which
attach to the administration of the revenue laws
of the United States, and to the opinions which
prevail in highest quarters, and among unques-
tioned authorities, respecting the difficulties; in-
deed, the impossibilities which prevent their ad-
ministration.1 I will now ask the committee to con-
sider, in view of the facts, whether it is not their
duty, in regard to the interests of their vast con-
stituency, to take from the statute-book those
laws which have been repealed by implication,
but which still remain recorded laws, and which,
though practically repealed, stili, by their obsti-
nate presence in the midst of other parts of stat-
ute law, utterly confound and bewilder courts ami
juries.
The office of codification, Mr. Chairman, is a
simple ofHce. It is not enactment. It is not so
much innovation as it is the rejection of innova-
tion which has crcnt in through the inconsistency
and the obscurity of existing law. It appeals to
the highest seaise of duty of any deliberative
body. All deliberative bodies should legislate for
the benefit and prosperity of the people whom
they represent. Their first object, as law-makers,
should be to see that the code of laws under which
their constituency live is such as is reconcilable
with their wishes, their tastes, and their habits;
capable of application and administration by the
judiciary to whom it is intrusted.
{Such is the object of codification or consolida-
tion; and if this House shall accomplish no other
object, in the course of its present session, than
the revision of the present revenue laws, and the
constitution of a code which shall he compara-
tively brief and accessible, they will have accom-
plished a work which will shed honor upon them-
selves now, and redound to their credit with the
country.
I trust now that I shall be permitted to refer,
with a commendable brevity, to the facts more im-
mediately connected with the bill now before the
committee for consideration.
On the 19th day of July, 1853, a resolution was
passed by the Senate of the United States, in-
structing the then Secretary of the Treasury
(James Guthrie) to embark in the work of revis-
ing the revenue laws of the United States, and re-
questing that he should piescnt the results of his
labois to its then coming session. The work
was zealously undertaken, and efficiently per-
formed. In the course of the session indicated,
the Secretary furnished the result of his labors to
the Senate. 1 will read an extract from the letter
which accompanied the submission of the work.
It shows the mode of procedure by theSecieiary,
and ite wisdom:
" The whole legislation upon the suh]"ci ha^ been ex-
amined fiora the < ommencemont ot the oi anient to the
pie-ent tune The lust objt ct was to obtain a clear view
of all the act* of Comings upon thesuhu-ct; the-econd,
what pail of tho^c < naeiinents had h-^n dm cr!y repeated ;
the third, w n,u pa? t had been repealed by conflicting enact-
ments, so ,!.■> roa^certam what was i-tilhn force; the louith,
what part oi the lemainm^ enactments was m.ippheabio io
! the piesent condition ot our revenue and navigation laws,
; and required morhiioation : the fifth, what additions weio
ncc?s*aiy top'.uke trie enactments a con>i?tcnt whole, capa-
■ hie of a piaenccil <uu! bem-iina! application by our o.hcjal
coips. am' a r\idy eonipiehension by tho«o engaged in coni-
lucice and navigation."
Uut while prosecuting these labors, the code of
■ Inw thereby constructed had been submitted^ for
I the opinion and advice of various authmities
through the land connected with the dispensation
of revenue law. The collectors of our chief coni-
; mcrcial ports were consulted, and their subcrdi-
! nate officeis asked for advisory aid. Dill upon
' bill, with marginal emendations and strictures,
; weiereturned to the Secretary, who, with the aid
! of the corps of experts attached to the Treasury
i Department, formed a general law, which was
1 submitted with an accompanying Inter, an ex-
tract fiom which I have read, to the Senate of the
. United Slaves.
i The bill was, accordingly, introduceu into the
