1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
into our commercial marine. Such a system ap- ■
plied to the Navy, I understand, has worked well, j
and is working well. i
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will my col- 1
league permit me to inquire whether the appren- }
tice system, which he says works well, is volun- j
tary or involuntary?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. ft is involuntary i
in a degree. !
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will my friend :
permit me to propose another inquiry, saying, j.
however, that I have not examined this bill suffi-!
ciently to be able to speak of its merits ? I should j
like to inquire how many new offices are created i
fey that section which provides for this appren- i
tice system?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is but one |
that I now think of. Thatoneis the commissioner. ■
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will ask my
colleague 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. One moment: Mr.
Chairman, I cannot now, with all deference and
respect to my colleague, give him a greater part
of my time, as 1 may not be able otherwise to
complete, within my hour, what I have to say.
When we come to that part of the bill, in the
stages of its future consideration, I will give my
colleague every requisite information within my
power that he desires.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I submit to my
colleague, as chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, whether, when the House is asked to pass
a bill of two hundred and eighty-nine pages, it is 1
too much to expect from him to answer such ques-;
tions as may be addressed to him by any gentle- ,
man on this floor? j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My colleague mis- !
takes me. I must decline—and that with as much ]
courtesy as I am possessed of—to yield to my i
colleague that part of the time assigned to me by !
the House for the opening of this question. I {
purpose, when we arrive at the part of the bill to
which my colleague refers, to answer every ques- •
tion freely, proposed upon that subject, and more
at length than I am able to do within the limits ,
of the time now assigned me.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. My friend is on
the subject of tins apprenticeship now. There !
are a few objections which strike my mind m
regard to the system proposed, m respect to which !
I should regard it as a favor to have some light j
on the subject. I wish to know how many offices
the bill creates. I wish to know how much ex-
penditure is to be saddled upon the Federal Treas- ■
ury. I wish to know who has the distribution !
of this patronage. 1 wish to know the reg.' lations
under which tlas patronage is to be administered;
and certainly these things are matters with which
I supposed my fnend should be familiar.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My friend has evi-
dently, m his zeal for the interests of his constit- j
uents, and in Ins mtejii^ncp, winch I respect, j
assumed a fact which I think he will not find war- \
ranted by the pages of the bill; uamely, that the [
Federal Treasuty is to be saddled with any new j
offiCes. ' i
Mr. CLARK, of New York. So much the .
"worse. If the money is to come from the pockcts '
ofthe ship-owners,! should like to know whether 1
they can administer it themselves?
Mr* JOHN COCHRANE. I must respect-';
fully decline further interruption; but, when we ;
come to the consideration of this part of the bill, j
1 shall be willing, and I trust able, to explain to p
the satisfaction of my colleague that there is no :j
new office created by this bill, with the exception
of the one to which i have referred. If I am not
able to do so, I shall yield to the objection which .
my colleague, in that connection, may urge. No J
fees are to be required, or salaries to be paid out
of the Federal Treasury.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I rose to an
inquiry, and not to an objection. I desire my }
friend to understand that the dnficultics which
occur to me may possinlv be removed by a cate-
gorical answer to one or two questions.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 shall he very
happy, if the gentleman will now propound these
questions eategoiically, to answer llrm,
Mr. CLARK, of Now York. Will my friend ,
turn to page 254 of the bill;
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let the questions
bo as brief as possible.
Air. CLARK, of New York. I tee u.al tiiu
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to appoint
commissioners; is authorized to select the ports
at which they shall reside; to apportion them
along the ports as he shall deem expedient; and
to provide the expense of carrying these provi-
sions into effect out of funds to be raised accord-
ing to his decision. 1 desire to know if the num-
ber of commissioner* of apprenticeship is or is
not limited? j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is not limited. 1
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I shall ask if the i
salaries are fixed ? I
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The salaries are i
not fixed. j
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Where is the j
discretion to fix the amount of the salaries and to I
limit the number of the apprentices? |
"I Mr. JOtiN COCHRANE. That is left pur- I
; posely in us present state. i
' Mr. CLARK, of New York. Who is to fix it? 1
I Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The Secretary of ;
I the Navy, I presume.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire to say i
that I think this is the body which ought to fix the ;
salary of every man who draws a salary, either ,
from the Treasury or from the people. i
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. When we reach j
another stage of the bill, and are engaged m its '
further consideration, 1 shall listen with great j
pleasure and deference to the suggestions of my
colleague; and shall accept all of them which may
be, in my judgment, reasonable and wise. My
colleague will, however, pardon me for not going
now further into the matter, which must neces-
sarily exhaust my brief remaining time.
And this provision of the amendment applicable '
to this'bill is, that the requisition that two thirds
of the crew of an American vessel shall bo Amer- ,■
icans to secure to it tonnage duty immunities, is re- !
pealed. But it is unnecessary for mo to dwell on J
this point now. The principle that the whole i,
ship, her tackle and her furniture, shall be for- 1
feited for rumor offenses is repudiated; it being '
considered that the interest only of the party of-
fending, or his privies, shall be alf-cted by the
offense. The penalty for importing liquors m 1
small quantities is repealed; all fees are abolished.
The obstacles to tiie present coast-wise trade ex-
isting m seamens' articles, arc removed. The le-
gal holder of a bill of lading is made to represent
the unpolled meiehandise for all revenue pur- -
poses, and not the consignor. The simple reason ■
suggests that the merchant abroad consigning '
here, frequently for security, conveys the title to
the goods by an indorsement of the bill of lading 1
to a person other than the consignee; while, under
the present law, the custom-house enters the
goods at the instance of the consignee, before the
legal title has passed into his hands.
There is also m this law a limitation on the
participation in seizuiesof the olneers now entitled
iheieto in the vauous collection districts, i should 1
say here that there is somewhat of a difference of
opinion, in this respect, between the Secretary of ,
the Treasury and the Committee on Commerce*, '
the Secretary of the Treasury insisting: that this
distribution should be limited to a sum not ex- ■
ceeding one hundred percent, on tin'salary of the
officers concerned, while the Committee on Com-
merce have permuted the subject to remain sub- 1
ject to the provisions of the present law. It will
be for the committee to pronounce, at the proper i
sta«re of the bill, which of the two methods is the ■
more advisable. I may say, before I lake my seat,
that many of the changes proposed by the bill, ''
have already been enacted by one or the other of
the Houses of Congress, it is so m regard to the
admission of foreigners as stockholders in domes-
tic corporations,and their admission iIiun to an in- ;
terest in our internal and coastwise trade, a law
to this elfcct has been already passed by this ^
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would hit',
to ask the gentleman from New York a question.
I undcistood him to say that he had sotn£ twenty
or thirty amendments to offcr to this bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Have they been 1
ill-.'JOHN COCHRANE. They have hot *
been printed.
Mr. WASHF.rriN. of Maine. Then I sug-
gest to the gentleman, wli'-n he through with '
au renuuks, l-> thai the committer ujl taid ,
!l report ths bill with a resolution that its further
consideration be postponed for some few days,
'■ until we have an opportunity of reading.those
i. amendments.
ji Mr. CLARK, of New York. That will remove
!f all the difficulty.
!j Mr. LETCHER. I would like to make an in-
i! quiry of the gentleman from New York. I should
j| like to know how much additional cost will he
il imposed by this bill upon the Treasury?
j! Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In my judgment,
I: not one dollar.
] Mr. LETCHER. I want the figures.
I Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. T cannot give fig-
J ures. There is but one instance which I now
j recollect—and we have been very careful in the
preparation of the bill—in which a new office has
been created, and the bill provides for the creation
of a fund not drawn from the Treasury to defray
its expenses.
i Mr. LETCHER. I understand the gentleman*
1 to say, however, that the bill places it in the dis-
> cretion of the Secretary of the Navy to create
offices.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That is true; but
the fund to which I have referred is to pay their
salaries. It is true that these salaries are to de-
pend on mercantile contributions. But, sir, the
; whole apprentice system is proposed for the ben-
; efit of the merchants, as I trust \ shall he able to
i show at the proper time.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
I inquiry of the gentleman. I wish to inquire what
; will be the extent of the amendment which is pro-
posed to the present tariff upon imported goods?
iiy the fourteenth section of the bill, found upon
page 183, it is provided—
i That there shall be levied, collected, and paid,on each
and eveiy no[i-enu:ncia!cd aiticlo winch beans as-imilitudo,
eiUiei m inateual, quality, fe\hne, or the use to which it
may be-applied, to any enumei.itc-d article chargeable with
duty, the >ame late oi duty which j> levied and charged on
the <nmmmued <ttiic!e which it uiust le-'cmbles m any of
ill" p.utk-ulai^ b"'tne mentioned ; and if any non-enumer-
ated article equally resemble.-2 two or more enumeiated ui-
lich's, on which di QV tent late.- of duty are chargeable, thoie
t-hali t>o levied, oohoeU'd, and pa«<l. on such non-euumer-
atcd article, the e-ame late of dutv ns h chargeable on the
astk'le wlueh it re°emble* pavma the highest duty ; and on
ah auiele-^ manufactured fu>m two oi more materials, the
duly Miail be assessed at the highest late* at which any of
it-? component paits ma> be chargeable."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will, with pleasure,
answer my friend's interrogatory. This is what
may be termed one of the new provisions of the
bill. It was adopted from among the regulations
of the Treasury Department, under which the
custom-house system has been administered for
the last ten years. It merely provides for a rule
in the construction of the tdiiiTs which exist, or
may be enacted. It refers to the interpretation
of the schedules and scales recognized by and
comprehended within the vanoustanff laws which
have been, from time to time, presented upon
questions raised to the collectors of the different
ports, and by ihem oftentimes referred to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for his decision under the
existing law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I see that this sec-
tion is marked new. i suppose any amendment
changing the provisions of the present tariff
Vvoufd be m older to this bill; but I supposed this
bill was to affect only ihe custom-house laws and
regulations.
Mr. JOHN COCH RANE. If my understand-
ing of the subject be correct, then I think my
fi K'pd is in error when he supposes that the design
of this section, or if not the design, Us effect, would
i-e to make a change in the existing tariff. As 1
before said, the design is to provide a rule of con-
hiruction of a law already passed, and whether
that law be the present law, ui one to be passed
m I'uluie, is wholly immaterial, for it only appln-s
to the construction of the schedules ordinarily ni-
taeh> d t > a tan if, and to the classification of ai ti-
des therein named. But I will say that if tnere
is a question respecting the nature and legal eiiect,
of tins provision, rather than it should make the
bill Lable to the criticism of inducing a change of
the tariff, although not so designed, 1 would con-
sent thai the bill should be amended by sinking
out the section.
[Here the hammer ftii.]
Mr. HOUSTON. ] hnvc no objection to the
gentletncui going on ;o czs'plam ,he remaining sec-
sections, but 1 w.ah to make a suggestion to him
