1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
select some other person than myself; and when
ho desires to communicate to this House his opin-
ions, they wiii he road from the Clerk's desk. I
stand hero speaking no man's sentiments but my
own. So far as the statement I have made refers
to the President of the United States, I have
heard no such opinion expressed or avowed by i
him. * |
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman thinks that i
this is not relevant. It was relevant, because I 1
was making to this bill an objection, which lies >
also to a great many other bills which come here !
recommended and supported simply by Execu- '
tive recommendation. With the entire inexperi-
ence that I had, when taking my seat in tins Hall,
I was surprised, and I may say amazed, with ,
nothing so much as with the manner in which
these bills, appropriating immense sums of mo- '
ney, arc passed in this body. It is supposed that
an Executive recommendation is sufficient au-
thority to carry it thiough, high and dry, without
discussion and without scrutiny. Talleyrand once
said that worus were invented to conceal ideas;
and many of the rules of this House seem to hnve
been invented to conceal what we are doinff; or,
at any rate, to keep it from the knowledge of the
uninitiated. Now, I have two objections to that
portion of the bill winch I have moved to strike
out. To the first place, when it came into the
House, it should have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and should have been
examined by that committee; arid if they thought
it proper, they should rcportit hack to the Hons'^,
and let us know the necessity of appropi latmg
this large sum of money. In the second p'ace, I
object to it because, from the limited investiga-
tion and inquiry that I have been able to give this
subject, J cannot learn that there is any law any-
where requiring or allowing this appropriation.
I should like the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means,who has been justly styled the
Chancellor of the Exchequer 
Mr. NICHOLS. The first Lord of the Treas-
ury. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I should lik< him to refer this
committee to the law in accordance with which
this appropriation is made, covering four or live
hundred thousand dollars in a postscript, winch,
hke postscripts to ladies' letters, seems to be the
most important part of the entire bill. When the
billis reported here from the Committee of Ways
and Means, it goes to the Clerk's desk, and is
read a first and second time by its title, without
being printed, and without any members of the
House, but a limited few, knowing what is in it.
" Fjrsr reading of a bill." What is it? "A bill
to fulfill treaty stipulations with the Indians."
1£ Second rcadmg of a bill." "Ahdl to fulfill
treaty stipulations with the Indians." Now, that
is a deception. It is that, but it is more than that. ,
I repeat, that one fourth of the eutue sum is under
the head of" miscellaneous," which is not indi-
cated, at least distinctly, in the title, and which
is not known on its face. Then the bill is printed
and brought up here; and it must pass because '
some sub-agent has recommended to souk airent or
some superintendent, away off m Walla-Walla,
or the Lord knows where. .Now, I will vote for no
bills under such circumstances, notwithstanding
all the seafpmg-knives and ali the tomahawks
thatcan be trotted out here before us, [laughter;]
and I press this inquiry: where is the law author- |
izing, or requiring, or allowing tins appropriation :
of money? There is no such statute; and I think j
the objection taken by the gentleman from North :
Caiohna, [Mr. Branch,] as well as the argument :
of the gentieman from Alabama, [Air. Uoi'to.v,] ;
are conclusive against this appropi latum being 1
passed in this manner. I do not object to tlm oh- !
ject of the appropriation; heeaus" i a>n ftank to |
say, that though I have little hope that these 1
Indian tribes shall over be saved fiom final ex- \
tinetion or absorption, still 1 think that it is a '
Christian and Immune thins; to try and give them ,
means of livelihood. But I want to know where :
these immense sums of money are going, under ,
the direction of the ^Secretary of the inteiior 5 Hi !
may buy powder and ball, ov spelling books, iu.-.t
as he pleases; and nobody knows how muen of
the one or of the othpr lie purchases. No one
knows how much odhcics to the hernia of the
agents and sub-agents and superintendents and
sub-superintendents. No one knows any thing
about it, nor will, till the day of judgment, I am
afraid. I should like an answer to my inquiry—
where the law is under which this appropriation
is to be made?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do nofchke much
the manner of the interrogation; but I will answer
it. By the act of J853, authority was given to the
President of the United States to select certain
military reservations in the State of California
and in the Territories of the United States, for
the purpose of congregating these Indians on mil-
itary reserves and subsisting them, and with a
view, eventually, to make these Indians subsist
themselves, after they shall have been taught the
art of agriculture.
A subsequent act has been passed, since the
one to which I refer, also providing for setting
apart two Indian reservations in the State of
Texas. I will endeavor to read the sections of
the acts to which I allude. I now read from the
act of
Tim* the Pre-i'dtini of the United State5, if, upon ex-
amination, tic =:k.!! app:o\v> of plan lieo'afrei [novated
lor the pioaenon of me Fnthans too, ami he in heritor. ;m-
tliouzed lo make five linbiaiv re eiv\mons. ftorn Hie public
domain m the Stat'-; of (JahioiiiM.<>i tiu:Tcu)tOM.'< of Ufa!)
and New Moaico, hord+'iinu' on -\ul foi f.idi'iu i ni-
po-.es : I^roi uhd. Thar iueh i.-'-ei v nuon* '-ball not conum j
mote flian twenty live thotwuid o.cie< m each • shu! j.ro- \
i Ldc<!Jarthcr^ Tout t-rod i --tjivatirw - shall not b'- ni '<i'  upon '
aey !,mtN inhabited l;v emz-r- or California ; aiid oie ;iiiii '
of.^-'O.OOii I,eie'e\ apprep.iatcS. oat os an\ \ in tlu: ■
[ Tiedt'iaj- not oll.envi-o r p pi op; <i, to d'-Usr tKrt !
; pLM'^e of sul ?!<tins ti e fr.d'iutf- in < \ilifoima, and removing |
I tjjei;; to saul icbeivauout lor inou-cuon.'' ' j
| That is to provide for the establishment of
I Indian military reservations in the State of Cab- j
j forma, and in the Territories of Utah and Now :
! Mexico. l>y subsequent kgisfation, similar pro-
i vision has been made for reservations m th&Ter-
j ritoncs of Oregon and Wu.-dimgmn; end, by Mill
j further hgitJauon, provision has bet-n made for
three reservations, o{ a like chcoacmr, in the State
of Texas. Texas a*" serial her rmht to ail the ;
public domain withm h«T limits; ami she was en-
titled to it under the resolutions of annexation. ■
Texas was unwiPmg, at one t-ine, that the Pro-
visions of the Indian inteicours-' act idmuld be .
extended over the Indians within her limits; and 1
it was only after subsequent legislation, by winch ;
these Indians wore to he congregated upon reser-
vations restneted within ceiiain limit'?, that sho
consented to set apait, as ;<!)o has set-part, these
nservauons for tinor us". One of th«. sc leserva- ■
tions was suneyed by the Government oiliceirj 1
several years ago; ami upon it have been con<rre- :
grated a portion of the Indians of Texas. Another
portion of her Ind \ms are now b<  mr congiegmed
upon the ieservaiion lying west *>f the u\ei Pe- :
cos.
I have already cited one of the act? setting apart
these reser.ations. 1 can refer to the others if
the gentleman washes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As I said, I do not object to
the purpose of this hi1!, though I do not untlei-
stand the laws refenud to to cover all these items
of appro pt ietion. 13 at I con tout myself now with
these observations, reserving moie extended re-
marks until the bill to which I have referred comes
up, and to wlueh they will be more aopropna'e. ;
1 think the objections to the pas^aire of this bill -
in its present shape are conclusive and insur-
mountable. If tins item is to be passed, it cer-
tainly should not be taelc d on to the end of an
appropriation bill for fr.ltilhng treaty stipulations
with the Indians. I think tins certainly w not the
place for it. and I concur in ihe vi^ws presented
by the gentleman hom North Carolina, [Mr.
Branch,] m ree,a^d to the 7£th rub"1, and hope
thev will :w r'o-u-jo.-d be tiO* corno'itfi-e.
Mr. PL-IELl^^, nf i;s:-our:. A question of
oiahn- \v,;s raosej. the other dav by the t/oulleman
from North Carolina, upon v.-hn-h I d '.;".v to s.'v a
few or<:
li-
the t;entlema n i
i!
orence
ed,r
_ tin-7
i* irur
8'h rule, lo whmh
that the language
of the-rule would apparently forbid the insertion
in tins bill of any objects of anpiopnaoon ma
for the carrying ort ot treaty blipido.tion^; but it
is also tine th.it the cotemjioraneoim oonstruc-
tion of a ii le of this Heme becomes a part of
the rule itself; and at the time of the adoption of
the iule to which the gentleman refers, the eo-
temn-o -inoousconsh-uction of the House was that
U refjrivd only to treaties negotiated with foreign
nations, and not to treaties mane with oorcvn
Indian trd-e^. years atro, entertaining the
views the other day c^prc^std by the ^entknian
from North Carolina, I made a point of order upon
an Indian appropriation bill, citing the same
rule which the gentleman now quotes for the
purpose of sustaining my point of order. The
House, however, overruled my point of order,
and I then learned from older members, and from
the best parliamentarians then in the House, that
the rule was construed to apply only to treaties
negotiated with foreign nations, and not to the
domestic regulations made with our Indian tribes.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri understood me,when this bill waslastbefore
the committee, as raising a question of order, he
misunderstood me. I only indicated my purpose
to raise a point of order at the proper time. Since
that time I have been informed that the construc-
tion of the rule 1ms been such as the gentleman
from Missouri has indicated. I shall not, there-
fore, make the point of order which I designed to
make. My ohjectis nor to prevent the passage of
these appropiiations, as I stated when I addressed
tin* committee before upon this subject. But there
is the 78th rule which prohibits including in any
bill, for edilymg nut iieaty stipulations, any ap-
propriations fot objects other than those covered
by treaty stipulations. There is, also, the 81st
rule which piohibits including in any general ap-
propn ition Uil any items except such as arc in-
tended to ctuiy out existing law, or necessary to
carry on the several departments of government;
and i intend, so far as I can, on ali suitableocca-
sions to enforce tho.se tules upon the House.
Smvo 1 have !n -n a member of the House these
1' nth s have hen time and again habitually disre-
' 2,ard'-d. I shall not make the point upon this bill,
hi came I understand the decision of the commit-
tee on nvsnei < f casions has been against me in
| regard to the 78th rule, and it js not clear that
,! these items m ii aie m -violation of the rule; that
j im, it ij not clear that there are items of appropria-
;! turn which a;e not to cairv out existing- laws, or
/ are not pjeossaiy to carry ontho various contin-
■ j go-icies of the Indian service; bat i desire to state
j now that wii'mever an appropriation bill does
■i come before the House eontanung provisions m
violaiam of the^c lales, I intend to make a pohlt
■ of order upon it. These rides should be adhered
j to. Iii my juii^nmntthey arc essential to coriect
: h ;;is!at.ion, and I know of no mle of the House
• which should bo more ngidty enforced than
! the^e.
j Ti'f o1ije^t of the 81st rule was that nothing
■ should be embiaced m a ^eiu'ra! appropriation
bid whi<-h was not recessarv to cairy out exist-
ing laws, or to er.a'de the Gnuainiieiit to carry
on its ordinary cimcnt funeiions, in order that
, when such a bill w,,s bofoie the House objects of
doubtful nu-nt should nc>t be fastened on it and
1 forced through under the impression, upon the
part of menib. rs, that the bill must, be passed in
. order to eu\ble the Government to catry on its}
operations. The design of that rule was to pie-
vent legislation of that description; yet you, Mr.
, Chairman, and every member of this committee,
have been heie long enough to have seen that rule
; time and again violated, and to have seen smiic
of the woist legislation that has ewi passed tins
House earned tluough here a-gainst tUc judg-
ments of a miijoi Jtv of the 1 louse, because tniui-
, bers could not defeat it withoul at the same time
tieftatmg the appiopriation hills. I nmdo this
' point in the last Congress, but it war. then so late
1 m the session that theie was not time to remodel
the appvopilation bills, and the House overruled
! the point, i intend to make the point again this
: sesfoon,and i shall endeavor to make it at so
early a penod of the session that if we refer back
, !hese appropriation bills to t'ie Committee of
V\"a} s and Mt ans tiuue v, ill bo sufficient time to
ivfit.mo and remodel them, and for the House to
pass upon them. 1 itu an to make the point if
the Committor* of AVays and Means violate thm
; lade, a thing I hope they will not do.
Mr. 12UVAN. The'gentjeman from Illinois
[Mr. Lom:joy] proposes to stake out a portion
i of this bill whhh refers to the Slate of Texas. It
i is the portion that provides "For the compen-
sation of three special agents, and foui interpreters
for the Indian tribes of Texas, and fm the pur-
eha=:e of presents, $15,000.*" Annually, since
T\YJ, this appropriation has been made fox the
Support of the three a^onm who have been as-
signed to Texas. Also, " Foi the expense of col-
■ oni^ing, supporting, aa.d furnishing arncuUuud
