250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
implements and stock for the Indians in Texas,
and for the establishment of the reserve west of the
Pecos river, $25,000." This is another clause
which is proposed to be stricken out. When
Texas, sir, entered the Union of States, one of
thestipulationsofthe compact was, that she should
be protected. The United States Government has
thought proper, in carrying out that stipulation,
that her Indtans should be collected upon reserves.
A portion of those Indians have been collected
upon two of the reserves which were assigned for
that purpose by the United States Government,
by the act of the Legislature of Texas, in 1854.
The agents were instructed to collect the Indians
upon those reserves, for the benefit of the Indian,
and in order to carry out the pledge of protection
to Texas. Notwithstanding a portion of the In-
dians have been collected upon those reserves,
within the last eighteen months our frontier has
been desolated, and hundreds of citizens have been
driven from the frontier to the interior settle-
ments to seek protection. If this appiopiiation
is not to be made, the Indians now upon the re-
serves, will be turned loose upon the frontier set-
tlements, and there will be accumulated expense
incurred by this Government, in sending troops
there and maintaining the pledge which she gave
to Texas when she came into the Union. There
are other wild Indians, besides those now upon
the reserves, whom it is the intention of the agents
to collect there.
Sh, I can say, that in consequence of the poor
protection which has been given by this gieat
Government to one of the States of this Union,
the affections of the people of Texas are fast be-
ing alienated from the Union. I mention it not
as a threat, but state it as a fact. We have rem-
imsccnses of the past. The day has been when
Texas threw to the breeze her own lone star;
and when, in the face of the world, she main-
tained it. She came into this Union by a treaty;
by a mutual pledge entered into by this Govern-
ment and the sovereign Republic of Texas. All
she asks from this Government is to extend to
her the protection which she pledges herself to
bestow. We care not for dollars and cents when
the lives of our citizens are in jeopardy; and all
we wish is to know the fact that you will not ex-
tend to us that protection that we have a right to
under the compact,and we will protect ourselves.
We have done it in the past,and can do it in the
present and in the future.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Texas, that Texas was annexed by
resolution, and I think he had bettei move to ic-
peal or rescind that resolution, for which I pledge
myself to vote.
Mr. BRYAN. I will say to thegentleman from
Ohio that a resolution of this Government with a
sovereign State is a treaty. What is a treaty ? It
is a compact entered into between two sovereign
Powers. And was it not a compact that was en-
tered into by the Republic of Texas and by the
Republic of the United States ? How did Texas
get into this Union if not by the assent of the
Government of the United States? And how did
she come here if not by the assent of the sover-
eign Republic of Texas?
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 merely suggest to thegen-
tleman that the treaty to which he refers was ab-
solutely rejected by the Senate, and that Texas
did not come m by treaty.
Mr. BRYAN. 1 am not here quibbling upon
names. I know there was a thing called a treaty
introduced into the other branch of the legisla-
tive department of the Government, and I know
it was rejected, and I do not refer to that; but I
know that Texas was brought into this Union
under a solemn compact; and, whenever that is
disregarded, we have the right, as we will do, to
go out of this Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Texas that we have, by solemn legis-
lation of this body, declared that any former act
or resolution of Congress may be repealed. Of
that we had a very striking illustration m 1851.
Mr. BRYAN. All that I have to say in reply
is, repeal it. We of Texas then will know what
to do; and, sir, I do not know but it. would have
been vastly to the interest of Texas had the roso- '
lution never been passed, and she never been in ,
the Union. I can say, if protection is not given j
to Texas, that all the people there will think, as j
many of them do now, that the " lesokticn M is !
virtually repealed by your own act in refusing
protection. Repeal it 
Mr. GRANGER. I have heard it stated to-
day, and heretofore, that unless the General Gov-
ernment should provide troops to defend the sov-
ereign State of Texas against these Indians, their
country will be laid waste. Now, I wish to know
if Texas is not able to protect herself against a
few straggling, ragged Indians ? 1 want to say
one word more. I understood the gentleman from
Texas to say that, unless we do more for Texas,
the affection of that people will rapidly decrease.
I would only say that I am apprehensive there
will not be much love lost.
Mr. BRYAN. In reply to the last remark, in
all deference to one who stands upon this floor as
equal with myself, I will say, with such we are
willing to part comvany.
In reply,' Mr. Chairman, to the other remark
the gentleman has made, I will say that the peo-
ple of Texas have received nothing but what was
their due; and I will say that the people of Texas
can take care of themselves; and, sir, since 1855,
we have protected ourselves, to a great extent;
and now, before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of this House is a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, which was presented at the last
session, asking for moneys advanced by that
State in 1855, and since, for protection against
the Indians which she has rendered herself. The
Constitution of the United States guaranties pro-
tection, and Texas has the right to demand it,
and not rely upon herself; and the gentleman
must know this. If we aic to protect ourselves,
tell us so. We have protected ourselves, and we
ask you to repay the money we have expended.
T>ut, sir, you have turned a deaf ear upon the
request of this sovereign State for money which
she took from her own treasury for the support of
the volunteers called out for her protection. All
(hat we want to know is, whether or not you in-
tend to protect us? We will rely upon you, of
course, in the Union, to a ceitain extent, so long
as you act faiily. If you say that you will not
give protection, then we will resoi t to those means
wo have hitherto used, and which arc amply suf-
ficient to pioteet us. We only wish to know
whether you will, and I can say that 1 wish that
this vote would determine the question. So far
as 1 am concerned, I would rather you would ex-
elude it now, if you do not intend to protect us;
for the cm Her we know it the better.
Mr. Chairman, now for the $28,000 for the
Pecos reservation, and the law on the subject,
in the appiopriation bill of June 12, 1858, there
will be found this clause:
"For the expense-; of colonizing, suppoi'tina, and fur-
nishing agiH'tiluunl implements and stock, loi the tertians
in Texas, : and the Secietasy of thft Imenor is
heieby audio]i/.cd to >ieeepf .nut suive\ tin" Indian le^eiva-
tmn di'-njn.ued i>v an wl of the Loci -latuie ol the State of
Texas, appiovcd Fehniary 4, 1850, and lo appoint an [ixlian
ajjent toi haul le^eivauon."
That, sir, is the Pecos reservation, and this the
law under which we claim the present appropri-
ation. The Muscelaro Apaches infest the region
through which the San Diego and San Antonio
oveiland mail road runs. If this reservation be
established, then these Indians will be collected
upon it, and peace and protection will be extended
to the travelers and emigrants to California and
Arizona, who pass through Texas. You will have
these Indians taught the arts of civilization instead
of having them, as now, practicing the warfare
and wiles of the savage. We ask for this appro-
piiation in oidcr to carry out what is due alike to
the people of Texas and the Indians themselves.
If you intend to civilize the Indians, as you say
you do, then we ask that these appropriations
may be made, and that good faith may be kept
with us. If you do not intend to keep faith with
us, say so, and reject this.
Mr. G ID DINGS. It is not my intention, Mr.
Chairman, to reply to the remaiks of the gentle-
man from Texas, but it does strike me that they
were hardly appiopnate to this occasion. These
ihieats hove lost their effect either upon gentle-
men in this Ilail or upon the country. We have
no f< ars; wc are not bonified; we are noiaiatmed
af threats of a dissolution of this Union. And
when I said that I would vote for a resolution of
repeal of the Texas annexation resolution, if the
gentleman would bring it forward, I meant that
he should understand me as candid and sincere
in that declaration. I recollcct whan it was urged
from the other side of the House that we must
have Texas to protect ourselves; that it was ne-
cessary we should have it to render the free States
safe and secure.
Mr: BRYAN. The gentleman is now speak-
ing of the argument that was made in this coun-
try at the time of the agitation of the annexation
of, Texas. We of Texas had nothing to do at
that day with the arguments made here. The
annexation took place, and all that we ask now
is that its compacts shall be observed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Iam inclined to think that
Texas, at least, consented to the annexation. Am
I correct ?
Mr. BRYAN. It is true she consented; but
she consented as a sovereign Power treating with
a sovereign Power; treating with a nation in this
enlightened age, who knew,what good faith was,
and who she believed would observe the condi-
tions specified in the contract of annexation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is not my intention to
stir up any feeling on this question; but, sir, the
declarations of the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Bryan] bring to my mind what I saw in this body
some ten years ago. The argument which was
addressed to us was, that the annexation of Texas
would secure safety and protection to this Union.
And, sir, we have done for Texas what we have
done for no other State in this Union. We have
paid her debts, and that to the disgrace of the
men who took the money from our pockets to do
it. Fourteen million dollars was wrested from
the Treasury, not for our protection, but to pay
the debts of Texas.
Mr. BRYAN. If the gentleman will permit
mc, I will answer him.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. BRYAN. The gentleman says that this
Government has done more for Texas than it has
done for any other State—that it has paid the
debts of Texas. I deny that statement. We had
a territory which we sold to this Government,
and out of the piocueds of the sale we paid our
debts. You received a consideration; for we gave
you a large temtoiy of over eighty-seven thou-
sand square miles. We received $10,000,000 for
our terntory, and with that $10,000,000 we paid
our debts.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely reply by stating,
what every member knows, that every foot of
that Teintory wc conquered by our army from
Mexico, and bestowed it upon Texas. There
stands the history of the times. Every man knows
that Texas was confined to the limit of the Nue-
ces, and that when she sent any men beyond that
they were captuied and made prisoners. We con-
queied that territory by the force of our arms,
and conferred it upon Texas. She had the benefit
of it;and when her Representative stands up here
and says it was conferred upon us, I deny it.
Mr. BRYAN. ! say that, when Texas was
annexed to this Union, she was annexed as the
Republic of Texas, with her limits defined, com-
mencing at the mouth of the Rio Grande, and
running to its source, and thence in a line due noith
to the territory of the United States. You recog-
nized the independence of the Republic of Texas.
You sent your commissioners there, and you
treated with her as an independent Power. You
recognized her with the limits she claimed. You
appointed a commission to act with a commission
on the part of Texas to run this boundary, and a
portion of it was run by this joint commission.
When Texas was lccognized, she was taken as
she had defined her hunts; and when you treated
with Mexico by the Guadalupe Hidalgo treaty,
the limits Texas had claimed were expressly stip-
ulated for by making the Bio Grande in part the
line; for, by the joint resolutions of annexation,
it was expiessiy stipulated by the high contract-
ing Powers that—
" Fir«t,said State to be formed subject to the adjustment
of ail questions of boundaiy that aiise with other Gov-
ernments."
Here Texas stipulated for the settlement of
boundary as to Mexico, and not as to the United
States; and thus, by these joint resolutions of an-
nexation, reseived to herself the light to bound-
aries; and the United States, by the resolution of
Congress of annexation, had no right, after the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to question the lim-
its which they had previously recognized and by
that treaty determined, Again: when war was
