1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
has been said in relation to the manner in which
this offer may be received by Spain. I believe
that from 1825, if we had an agent in Spain ready
to make a commercial treaty, securing to her the
carrying trade between Spam and Cuba, to a cer-
tain extent, orits equal enjoyment with ourselves,
and the admission of her oils and her wines into
Cuba upon their present terms, and at the same
time payingasum of money down to aministry,
wc could have had Cuba on several occasions.
But, sir, I am asked what I would do if Spain
should reject all reasonable terms ? I can hardly
suppose such a contingency, sir, but I would .be
prepared to meet it.
I would, in such case, act openly and fairly
with her, and look directly at the contingency of
taking Cuba and talking about it afterwards, as
Frederick did with Silesia.
I would remind her.thatforherhold upon Cuba,
to-day, she is not only indebted to our neutrality
laws, rigidly enforced—to our forbearance—but
to our active assistance; forbearance and assist-
ance which we can no longer, in justice to our-
selves, extend. I would remonstrate with her
upon the tendency, so perilous to us, of her Cuban
policy. I would tell her thatshe has established
a government there which is an ulcer upon the
civilization of the nineteenth century—an ulcer
doubly offensive because of its proximity to our
shores; a government whose daily precept and
practice are at war with every principle of civil
and religious freedom; you have fired upon our
vessels on the high seas, in the lawful pursuit of
their trade, upon paltry pretenses; you have taken
American seamen from our decks, under the pro-
tection of the stars and stripes, upon pretenses
false and frivolous, incarcerated them in filthy
dungeons, and you have liberated them only at
your own pleasure, you have arrested our people,
unjustly confiscated their property, and you have
murdered them without the shadow of a trial;
nay, you have so systematized fraud, so ostab-
lisncd corruption, in your publicoilices, from the
Captain General down, that our citizens who go
there underyour treaty have to administerto your
rapacity to conduct their aftaiis. Wc will toll
them this; and further, that throughout the whole
of these outrages, we lmvo sought redress fiom
the Captain General there, and lmve been put off
on the paltry pretense that lie had all power to do
wrong, but none to do rh;ht; and, sir, having pro-
claimed our purpose, 1 hope there is stamina and
strength and power enough in this Government,
when we have exhausted these peaceful remedies,
to let Spain feel that Cuba shall continue her ag-
gressions no longer, but that hcieafter we will
right the wrong where it is committed. And, sir,
1 would let Spain know that an Amei ican citizen,
wherever he may go, whether standing within
these Halls, or beneath the dm k portals of Cuba's
prisons, cannot wntulor so far but that Ins coun-
try's interest will be fell and her power exerted
to right his wrongs, even though it, might lead to
the end ofSpain's dominion overCuba.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, 1 shall attempt
to discuss the question now belong the Senate
with the utmost degree of brevity and condensa-
tion to which i can attain. If 1 shall find it ne-
eesynry to crave the indulgent ear of the Senate
for a longer lime than has been my custom, 1 must
find my apology in the great importance of the
subject.
For a pound of more than thico bundled and
fitty years, avoiding to the laws which are rec-
ognized by cmlized nations the Island of Cuba
has belonged to Spain, Her title was originally
founded on discovery followed by long, unmtei-
rupted, and peaceable possession. Looking out,
as she did, from her rocky peninsula upon the
Atlantic, ocean, the foremost nation of Furope m
position as well as in power, she sent forth Colum-
bus to seaich for that new world of the exist-
ence of which he had convinced that Govern-
ment. The result ofuiis great enterprise, in which
every other leading nation of Europe refused to
pmticipate, was the acquisition of an empire,
licher, if not more extensive, than any which
ever owned the sway of a single monarch. Some
portion of the muniments of her title perhaps we
should not now very much respect.. By the bull
of Pope Alexander VI., the whole New World
was granted to Spain; but she actually came to
occupy and possess, not only the Island of Cuba,
but the Floridas, Mexico, California, and the
whole of the northern portion of"the continent of
South America; and afterwards, by cession from
France, she came into possession of the whole of
the territory of Louisiana, extending, as was
afterwards claimed by us, as far north as 54° 40'.
At the time of our revolution we found her in
possession, not only of the whole of the western
side of the Mississippi, but also of the State of
Louisiana on both sides of the Mississippi, as far
north as that State now extends, and about that
time she actually undertook to refuse to us the
right to navigate that river. She intimated to us
that in order to procure'that advantage, the citi-
zens of Kentucky would perhaps be willing to
come under the jurisdiction of Spain, and she
claimed that they would make very good Spanish
subjects—a compliment whicftthe Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Thompson] the other day did not
seem disposed to return. He did not believe that
Spanish subjects would make good American cit-
izens.
Until about the year 1820, with some slight in-
terruption in 1762, when Great Britain took a large
portion of the Island of Cuba, (by the expedition
under Lord Albemarle,) which she very soon re-
linquished, the title of Spain to this portion of her
territory was undisturbed. I do not find, in any
examination of the official or private correspond-
ence of any of our statesmen, that any very ex-
tensive remark was made upon that subject until
about the year 1820, and subsequently. Then it
became the subject of extensive private and offi-
cial conespondence, to some portion of whichl
desire to call the attention of the Senate. Tlie
Senator fiom Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] and
the Senator fiom Vermont, [Mi. Collamer,]
have already alluded to a portion of this corre-
spondence, I propose, a little more fully than
they have done, to examine if. I shall call atten-
tion to some points m this connection, which,
perhaps, may not have escaped their notice, but
which their time did not permit them to examine.
We have heard very much of the pretensions
of France and England to the Island of Cuba.
Those nations have been denounced by the hon-
orable Senator fiom Louisiana [Mr. I>kntjamint]
for presuming to offer to us a pi oj< ct for a tri-
partite treaty, by which the three nations should
guaianty the title of Cuba to Spain. I find, on
a'fi examination of the correspondence to which
I have alluded, that the project of such a treaty
came originally from this country. 1 find that it
was fust proposed by Mr. Jefferson himself, in
a letter written by him to Mr. Monroe, in Octo-
ber, 1&33. In that letter he says:
u The foothold whuii the nation-* ot ICuiope had in either
Ann t ir;i is la--t .slipping tioin uiidn' them ; so that wc soon
shall be nd ot their neighborhood. Cuba tilom; hm-ius to
held up a speck of wat to us. Its po.-^Moa by (Jieat
ISinain would, indeed, he a great caiamitv to u*. Could wc
tiuhn'e It to join us iti xttaritnhiiii" its iiulojiPttdrncc a^ainsC'
all the ii'oi Lit except ,Spain, it tcouhl In* veurh/as valuable to I
us at if it were our on a; hut, should mic take it, 1 would i
not immediately ^o to wai f'oi it; tun ,ium: the fust vvai, on ,
other accounts, will srive it to ti->, oi the inland will give '
to Un when able to do i-o " '<
In another letter, he says: j
" ft is better, then, to he snli, in readings to receive j
that niieiestiuL.' ineoipotation when sola ucd by he^elf." '
llere is a direct proposition fiom Mr. Jefferson !
to Mr. Monroe, in 1823, thaL we should propose
to Gxeat Britain a treaty guarantying the title of
Spam to the Inland of Cuba, and piovidmg that ;
neither nation should acquire it. That subject
was not there dropped. 1 cannot say whether the ^
idea was originally suggested by Air. Jefferson j
or not. Perhaps the idea was notnew with him. :
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator be kind
enough to repeat the date of that letter5
Mr. DIXON. October, 1823. This, probably,
had been a subject of conversation among official 1
gentlemen. Mr. Jefferson, we all know, took a ,
deep interest m everything that was going on
under Mr, Monioe's adminiistiatioii. 1 find this
idea again alluded to, in a somewhat different
shape, m a letter of Mr. Forsyth to the Secretary
of State, on the 22d of February, 1822, a short
time before the letter of Mr. Jefferson, in this
letter Mr. Forsyth says:
u fn a conversation with one of the nrvmbers of the po-
litical comnu.-5s.ioti of the Cortes, I expressed a conviction
that Spain would piocuie, by an immediate recognition of
Colombia and Mexico, and the adoption of a hbeial ^y&tein :
of commeiee, a guarantee of the island Jroia Colombia, '
Mexico, and the United States; the three Poweis being
equally interested to keep it m the hands of Spain, out ot 1
the hands of England, and of each other."
At that time there prevailed a very exaggerated
idea of the importance of Colombia and Mexico.
Mr. Clay seems to have had that idea. He speaks
in his-correspondence of the immense armies of
these two nations which would soon be deprived
of employment; and the impression then seemed
to prevail that Colombia and Mexico could unite
with us, and, in that way, guaranty the title of
Spain by a tripartite treaty; but that, of course,
was very soon abandoned.
I find that, on the 17th December, 1822, Mr.
Adams, as Secretary of State, m replying to Mr.
Forsyth on this subject, says:
" Spain, though disinclined to such an arrangement, might
re&ist it with moie fnrrmcss, if, for a limited penod of time,
she should obtain the joint guarantee of the United States
and Fiance, securing the island to herself."
On the 10th of July, 1823, Mr. Appleton writes
to Mr. Adams:
" I have not dared to suggest anv, though 1 should sup-
pose that the United Stated, oi the United States and Eng-
land jointly, might find one, in aguaiantee of the island to
Spam, while in the enjoyment of the pi ovmcial government
lately decteed foi it by the Cones. Tne present is tSe mo-
ment when such an airangeuient might be made with
Spain."
On the 13th of April, 1826, Mr. Clay, then Sec-
retary of State, alludes to the same subject, in his
letter to Mr. Everett. He says:
if the acquisition of Cuba were deniable to the United
Stares, tiieie is believed to lie no icasonable prospect of af-
fecting, at this conjunctuie, That object; and, if there weie
any, The irauknof.> < f their diplomacy, which has induced
the Provident heelv and fully to d^clo-se our views, both to
Gieat Bntatn and Stance, foibid* absolutely any movement
whatevci, at this time, with Mich a purpose. This condi-
tion of the gteat maritime Powers (the United States,Great
Britain, and Prance) is almost equivalent to an absolute
guarantee of the Hand to Spam."
Then he goes on to say that we cannot, in con-
sequence of our peculiar policy, (in regard to en-
tangling alliances,) enter into any such agreement;
but he con side i s the then position of affairs, which
ho was not willing to alter, equivalent to a guar-
antee At that time our statesmen were very far
fiom supposing that such a proposition would
have neon anything like arrogance or insolence,
on the part of Cu'eat Britain and France. On the
contrary, 1 think nobody can read the corre-
spondence without believing that, if the proposi-
tion had then been directly made to Mr. Adams's
zidniinistration, it would have been accepted, un-
less it had been prevenu d by the great unwilling-
ness of our country to form any alliances of this
sort. It was considered in itseif, as it would seem,
a desirable proposition.
Now, pursuing this official correspondence some-
what further, I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to two or three other suggestions which
arise in reading it. I find, throughout the whole
of the correspondence, not only a friendly, an
entirely amicable disposition manifested towards
Spain, but also a continual and constant repeti-
tion of the idea that, so long as Spain shall hold
the island, wo shall be contented. The Senator
from Florida [Mr. Malloky] is very much mis-
taken m supposing that this arose from our idea
of the strength of Spain, lie told us this morn-
ing, as he told us in the first part of his speech a
few days ago, that, although it is true that at that
time we said to Spain we did not desire to inter-
fere with her possession, it was because she was
stiong, and was able to retain it. I find that no
such idea prevailed in the opinions of those official
gentlemen who had this subject under their con-
sideration at that time. Mr. Clay, in his first
speech on this subject,enlarges on the weakness
of Spam. lie says:
" The war upon the continent is, in fact, at an end; and
not a bohtary loot of land, from the western limit to Cape
IIoiu, iiu us. her [Spam's] sway; not a bayonet in all that
vast evtent lemanis to sustain her cause."
You will find,in pursuing the correspondence,
that the proposition is often repeated; butjj do
not wish to fatigue the Senate. It is .repeatedly
stated, that if Spain were not able to retain pos-
session of the Island of Cuba, we ourselves would
guaranty it to her against all the world. She was
considered weak, feeble, unable of herself to re-
tain it; and we assured her that there was no ne-
cessity, m consequence of her feeble condition, that
she should suppose herself under the necessityof
yielding it up to France, or any other Power;
but that we would protect her against the world
in her possession. Thus it will be perceived that
our established policy was not founded, as the
Senator from Florida has supposed, on any idea
