1^4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
suiting to Great Britain if we should propose to
her to buy Jamaica. if vte go to a nation and
tell her she is a bankrupt and must sell; that she
cannot retain her possessions; that she shall never
be permitted to sell to any other people than to
us; that if she dofes not sell to us, w'eT will then
consider the question whether self-defense does
not require'us to take forcible possession—if we
tell her at the same time that we have satisfied
ourselves that we are bound, as a matter of self-
preservation, to wrest it from her possession—if
we tell her furthermore, as the Senator from
Louisiana tells Spain, that if she will no£ part
with it to us,- we will encourage a revolution
which will subvert her jurisdiction; I think that
then, the negotiation may be considered offensive
and^insulting in the highest degree. 1 think it
would be so considered in a private transaction
between man-and mah. It is not always in very
good taste to say to a man, unless you lenow that
he wishes to sell his property, that you desire to
buy it. If he has told you that he considers the
proposition offensive; if he requests you not to
repeat a, and youthen peisist; if you say you
will encourage some litigant who will obtain the
title, and you will purchase of him if he will not
sell at your own price, 1 think that, in a private
transaction, would be considered somewhat' of-
fensive.
It seems, therefore, that the whole mode of con-
ducting this negotiation has been as offensive as
the ingenuity of able politicians and diplomats
could possibly make it. I do not see how it cbuld
have been made more so; and I am compelled to
believe that this has been done by design, for 1
know these gentlemen do nothing by accident. I
shall revert to this point, again; but I wish here,
in this place, barely to allude to one consideration
that presents itself in the examination of these
official papers regarding our negotiations with
Spain for the Island of Cuba. Is Spain willing to
sell ? In all this correspondence she has given us,
in every instance,adccided refusal. She told Mr.
Saunders, when he was commissioned by Mr.
Buchanan to make the pioposition, that under no
possible circumstances would she part with this
island to any nation; that she would rather see it
sunjc in the occan than do so. He slated as a
reason why the people of Spain, as well as the
Government, entertained this feeling, that the
people had no confidence that, if it were sold, one
dollar of the money would evergointo the posses-
sionof the Government; that it would all be taken
by the ministers who mighetlien be in power. He
said that was the feeling of the people of Spain in
regard to it, and that was one reason why they
did not wish to sell. At cury rate, a decided re-
fusal has been given to the oner m every instance;
even to the extent of saying that they would
rather see the island struck out of existence and
lose its place on the globe.
It is very difficult for me to believe, when I ex-
amine the manner in which this negotiation is now
^ conducted, that it can really be intended to obtain j
the Island of Cuba. First, consider the publicity i
which has been given to it. In 1848, Mi. Buch- I
anan wrote to Mr. Saunders that it was all im- !
portant that the negotiation should be private. I
lie said, if you make it publrc there will be a dis- j
cussion in the CoriCvS, tie has made it public m
his last message, and it produced the very effect'
which he imagined it would produce. In 1846 he !
considered such a discussion very much to be ]
dreaded. It has happened as he apprehended. I j
say, therefore, it ih difficult for me to believe the j
President of the United States, and the Senators j
who advocate this bill, expect by tins means to ,
obtain the Island of Cuba. I am driven to the
belief that they have some other object in view
than the acquisition of Cuba. 1 am driven to the
belief that the solution presented by the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] was correct, that i
some party object is intended to be advanced by ;
this measure. It is difficult to believe that gen- '
tlemen, having high official functions to perform, •
could be influenced to so great an extent by party ■
objects; that they should desire by such means I
to extend the strength and advance the interests j
of their party, without regard to the interests of |
the country; but the conclusion is forced upon us. j
It is said there is a political necessity for this I
measure. 1 think there possibly may be a polit- j
ical necessity as to the party now in power, but I
I can see no political necessity for the country. |
It may be that what is wanted is what we call
here a new " issue," and what is called in Eng-
land' a new "cry-." I am not sure that the Sen-
ator from Michigan is mistaken in regard to it.
I apprehend you are not satisfied with the pres-
ent issue before the country. That has bgen
found somewhat disastrous. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pugh] seems to intimate that it has
been discovered that whenever there was a disaster
in the -Democratic party, there was a mode of
healing it; that a remedy may be soon provided;
and what is that remedy? A proposition to
annex some foreign territory. He intimates
that, by "the blindness of the Opposition" to
this measure, the Democratic party may recover
from any mistake, or defeat, or disaster. I am
inclined to think that that is the political neces-
sity which now prevails, and that there is no
other. I am led to this conclusion also by the de-
tails of the bill which the honorable Senator from
Louisiana has reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations. The details of the bill, the
manner in which this money is to be raised, are
such as must surpi ise every Senator. How is it
proposed to raise §30,000,000 to be placed in the
hands of the President? I read from the bill:
" Provided, That if there should nor be in the Treasury a
sufficient amount unappmpnated to meet the demands
above called for, the President of the United States he, and
hci-eby is, authorized, :it any tune within two year*? t'rom
the passage of tins act, to borrow on the credit of the Uni-
ted States, a sum not exceeding $30,000,000, or so much
thereof as may be required foi that purpose, redeemable in
not less than twelve, noi more than twenty years, and the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and herebv is, authonzed,
with the consent of the President, to cause certificate* of
stock to be piepared, wiiicli shall bo signed by the Register,
and Healed with the seal of the Treasury Department, for
the amount so hnrrowed, m favor of the parties lending the
.same; Provided, That no certificate shall be issued for a
lees bum than ,$1,000."
Has there ever been a loan bill of this kind
which contained no restriction whatever on the
President, which did not provide in any manner
for the amount of interest to be paid, for the mode
in which these securities should bo issued?
Mr. SL1DELL. Will the Senator pardon mc
for interrupting him ? The bill does contain a
restriotion on the interest; that it shall not be a
greater rate than live per cent.
Mr. DIXON. I have the bill before mo, and
it contains no such provision. j
Mr. SLIDELL. There was a mistake in the ;
printing;, but it has been corrected. j
Mr. DIXON. I am glad that has been pro- j
vided for; and I thought it a singular thing that I
the President was not limited as to the late of in- :
terest to be paid for the tftoney he was authorized i
to borrow. It still appears that he is authorized !
by the bill, without the slightest knowledge on j
the part of anybody, at any time to issue certifi- :
cates of stock for $30,000,000 ro any person he
'pleased, without requiring bids, or imposing any
restriction whatever, except as to rate of interest.
If*the Senator has provided for that, he has cer-
tainly acted wisely. Hut, sir, the bill contains no
provision for public notice of the issuing of the
loan; no restriction on the President except t\s to
the rate of interest. He can, at any time, issue
bonds to any peison without offering for bids.
Well, sir, with the money received in this way,
I very much doubt whether it is the belief of the
President, or any of the distinguished gentlemen
who have advocated this bill, that they can ac-
quire Cuba. In short, I understand the Senator
from Florida to say expressly, that it cannot be
acquired for money. If I have not misunderstood
him. he has directly asserted it to be his opinion
that, under no circumstances can we purchase the
Island of Cuba from Spain by money.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not sec the Senator
from Florida in his seat, but I heard him very
distinctly; and I am sure his statement was, that
any proposition for the purchase of the Island of
Cuba must be accompanied with a commercial
treaty; that money alone would not buy the island;
but that money, connected with a commercial
treaty satisfactory to the people of Spain, would
acquire the island, in his judgment.
Mr. DIXON. I understood him as the Sen-
ator from Louisiana did. I understood him to
say that the money was a very trifling consider-
ation; and I understood him to say that, by money,
rt could* not be acquired, but that a commercial
treaty must also be made. I further understood
him to say that the money, if paid, would not
inure to the advantage of the people or the Gov-
ernment of Spain; but that it would, in transitu,
pass into the hands of persons who were not en-
titled to it; and that the commercial treaty was
the great object by which the acquisition of Cuba
could be accomplished.
Well, sir, if -we place $30,000,000 in the hands
of the President, ir he cannotacquire Cuba with
it, he can certainly do something. That is a sum
with which great ends and objects may be accom-
plished, though itmay not purchase Cuba. Now
what will probably be those ends and objects?
The President of the United States, the other day,
sent us a message which, I think, was the most
remarkable communication that ever wa^ pre-
sented to the Congress of the United States, by
the Chief Executive officer. In my opinion it has
not excited all the surprise and all the attention
which it ought to .excite. I confess that I heard
it read, and I have since read it with astonish-
ment. In that message the President of the United
States asks Congress to invest him with certain
powers which he does notnow possess. He says:
<;It [the Executive] cannot legitimately resort to force
without the duect authority of Congress, except in resist-
ing and repelling hotiilc attacks. It would have no author-
ity to enter the teintoues of Nicaragua, even to prevent
the destruction of the transit and protect the lives and prop-
erty of our own uti&cns on their passage."
Again, he says on the next page :
" Without the authoi ity of Congress, the Executive can •
not lawfully direct any (orce, however near it may be to
the scene of difficulty, to enter the territory of Mexico,
Nicaiagua, or New Gianada, for the puipose of defending
the persons and property of American citizens, even though
they may be violently assailed whilst passing in peaceful
transit over the Tehuantopec, Nicaragua, or Panama routes.
He cannot, without transcending his constitutional power,
direct a gun to be fired into a port, or land a seaman or ma-
rine topiotectthe lives of our countrymen on shore, or to
obtain redress ffor a recent outrage on'thcir property."
That is what he cannot now do, under the Con-
stitution. Let us see what he says he will do.
He first states what he has no power to do; he has
given you correctly the limit which the Constitu-
tion has placed upon him. Now, I ask the Sen-
ate to give their attention, while I read to them
what the President of the United States informs
them he will do, although the Constitution does
not give him the power. Here it is:
" It is true that, on a sudden emergency of this charac-
ter, the President would duectauy armed fo fee in the vicin-
ity to m:uch to their relief ; but in doing this he would act
upon Ins own responsibility."
He has no power to redress the wrongs of an
American citizen in a foreign country. The Con-
stitution does not confer on him that power. To
do so would be to violate the Constitution; to do
so would bo to violate his official oath; and yet
he informs us-that whenever the event occurs,
whether or not we grant the power, he will take
the responsibility of exercising it. I do notknow
how that may have fallen on the ears of the Sen-
ate of the United States, but I confess it struck
me with more surprise than any sentiment I have
ever heard avowed here or elsewhere; that the
President of the United States should come to
Congress, and, while asking for power to redress
injuries of citizens of this country; not for self-
defense—the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
mer] showed us the other day that he was not
asking power to prevent an injury, but to redress
it—that he should ask for power to take vengeance
into his own hands; and, at the same time, tell
us that whether we give him that power or not,
he w#l assume the responsibility of exercising
it, in violation, as he acknowledges it to be, of his
official oath!
If this is not despotism, I confess I am entirely
ignorant of what constitutes it. The Senator from
IWinois, [Mr. Douglas,] as I understood him,
advocated and sustained the whole of this mes-
sage in its entirety. He said that he would not
only give the President the power which he asked
for, a limited power in certain instances a$d in
specified countries, to use the Army and Navy of
this country, but that he would give it to himfor
aH countries and for all time. I have not the
Constitution of the United States before me, but
I think the language of it is, that '-Congress shall
have power to declare war." The war-making
power is vested in Congress by the Constitution.
What, then, is the meaning of a law of this kind ?
Suppose you were to add to the clause of the
Constitution giving Congress the war-malcing
power, a proviso of this description: " except the
President of the'United States shall, at all times
and in all countries, be authorized to use the land
