252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
tleman in the first instance. There is not merely
one reserve in Oregon*, there are several. If the
gentleman speaks of the Grand Ronde reserve,
there are some twelve hundred Indians upon it.
But there arc; other reserves in Oregon, and there
aie some agencies attached to those points, and
the amount estimated by the superintendent of
Indian affairs of that Territory was $337,000, for
the purpose of expending it in the subsistence of
the thirty-three thousand Indians I have men-
tioned. It is not all to be expended on one reserve.
The language made use of includes a number—
and there are several—and the gentleman will find
that these sums are estimated for as necessary at
those particular reserves. /
The gentleman Aorri Alabama also propounded
another inquiry. He desired to know whether'
this $111,000 was not the exact sum by which the
estimates for this object weie diminished at the
last session of Congress ? 1 answer, that it is. I
so stated the other day, and I stated also that the
reduction was made with the consent of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, with the lemark, that
pei iiaps they could get along with one half of the
original estimates, hut saying, at the same time,
that Congress would then be m session,and if he
could get along with that sum, well and good; if
not, the subject could be again laid before Con-
giess.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think the gentle-
man from Missouri has yet answered the ques-
tion 1 propounded to him. I did not ask him
whether there were many reserves in Oregon
Territory, or whether there was but one. That
is immateiial.
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman allow me to
answei hint?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. LANK. With the pei mission, then, of the
gendemnii from Alabama, 1 will take great pleas-
uie in sialing to him tin: number of reserves and
the number uf Indians upon the reserves, or
nearly so.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I believe I am en-
titled to the floor, and after a few words 1 will
yield it to the gentleman from Oregon.
The explanation of the gentleman from Mis-
souri i* not satisfae.toi y to nit*, lie may have
given good reasons why the llou.-e at, (he hist ses-
sion should have appropriated this ^,111,000 for
the purpo^e<j named in the bill; but if any Indian
agent jnOiegon has used that sum of mon'-y, or
any other sum, for the purposes named m this
bill, Without the authority of law, he did what
he should not have done, whatever might have
been the consequences.
It is proposed now to legalize what the genlle-
tnan piest* ues has been done. The appropriation
is ba.^ed upon tin idea, that, (he a>.;ent in Oiegou
has incm led a liability. I low man u d a liability?
lie hud no 1ight to incur jt. I b> had no n^hl to
incur a doll tr of expense until Con iess bad ap-
pioptiatcd the money by law. And 1 desne to
say that 1 will make the point whenever I ean,tn
order to put a stop to the assumption of power
not authorized by law.
If you pass this bill, inserting this proviso, you
will indorse a clear violation of the law. The
ubsei vntious of the getuleman from Missouri do
not met t this objection. 1 do not desite to make
the point aw to the amount expended for these
Indian';, but that money shall nut be expended in
violation o( law and m defiance of appropriat ions.
I am willing to give them all the money which
may be necessary for the support of the Indians
dui;n\r the fiscal year. Then,if we have not given
enough m the past, let the gentleman from M,s-
sout l introduce «i deficiency bill, and we can make
good our own wiong or ingle* t. Eut, sir, tbe.>e
subouin ate oiliLeis ought not to do that without
our eonc.'.f.
M r. LA \'E. Yvi'h the gentleman's permission,
T wii! vin-sWei ihe inquiry lie has made, and I hope
that he v. ill h^m.
Mr. SilEUM-AN, of Ohio. I will listen.
Mr. LANE. Upon the Grand Ilondo reserva-
tion there are about twelve hundred Indians; upon
the Siletz,j;etween two and three thousand; and
upon the Umpquaaud upon the Wasco, including
tho.v I have earned, there are, m ail, some five or
six fliuu.>aiid Indians, and these Indians have been
I roughtand settled upon those rc.sei vation^, upon
the piomisc that they should be subsisted until
the rLM.rvari.mc < uuld be made sclf-suuUuning.
For the purpose of that subsistence, an estimate
was made by the superintendent of Indian affairs
of the amount necessary, and presented to the Sec-
retary of the Interior prior to the meeting of Con-
gress. That estimate was of as low a figure as
the subsistence of these Indians would allow.
But, sir, as the gentleman has remarked, this esti-
mate was cut down one half, it was reduced
$111,000; and you, Mr. Chairman, will bear in
mind, the gentleman from Ohio will bear in mind,
that, by a law of the last session of Congress,
appropriating money to pay deficiencies m Ore-
gon and Washington Territories, the Secretary
of the Interior was authorized, before these claims
could be paid, to send a commissioner to that
country to examine into them. A man was se-
lected for that duty, which has since been per-
formed*, and lie leports that he found all the claims
equitable and just.
Now, while thegentleman from Ohio is right in
the main in regard to appropriation laws that offi- I
ciais should not exceed the law, yet there are ex- j
ceptions; and here, sir, when a sufficient amount I
was not given to this superintendent to subsist j
the Indians upon the leservatton, he deemed it ;
absolutely necessary that he should obtain that ;
subsistence while the deficiency was being sup- ■
plied. Let me appeal to members whether, if it
is necessary for the maintenance of these Indians, :
and consequently to save the lives and the prop-
erty of our people, it is not well to ptovidebyap- ;
prouriutions for that purpose ? This superintend- i
ent has taken care promptly to call the attention j
of Congress to the fact that the appropriations 1
for the subsistence of these Indians for the fiscal j
year ending June 30, 1*59, will not be adequate, i
and will be exhausted before the expiration of ;
that time, because of the one half lecluetiou to j
which I have alluded, lie says that it will be
exhausted, perhaps, in December. Subsist these !
Indians and they can be kept upon these reserva- i
j tions, and peace wdl be preserved to our borders, j
; [ submit to my fuend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
1 and to my friend from Alabama, [Ml-. 11 otis-
i ton,] who are in favor of keeping the Govern-
j ment down to the strictest line of economy in
| public expenditures, whether common sense will
; not dictate that it is much better economy to make
( thio uppiopi lation now than to wait'1 for if we ;
! wait, we may incur, besides this expense, also
| the Io"h of life and the destruction of property to
j the amount of millions. Then, if my friends \
really are m favor of economical expenditure and !
j H'usonable legislation, let them vote for this ap- i
i propriation,and thusenable the superintendent of ,
i Indian affairs to maintain peace with these In-
i dians which lie cannot do without it. !
! Mr. Chaiiman, I took occasion the other day ;
! fo call the attention of members to the fact that ,
: Oregon, though moie exposed than any other ;
! Teiritory, sa\e het sister,'Washington Territory, i
1 outside of the eaie and protection to which she is j
[ en t i tied, has cost t his Government buthttle. We
, have had little favor at your hands. When an
i appiopnatioii is asked for Oregon, gentlemen j
i take alarm, raise objections, and give that far off j
people the cold shoulder. They are American ;
. citizens, the citizens of Oregon,and they are upon j
1 American soil; as devoted to this Union as any ;
; people in it; and I thank God that they know no
i North, no South, no East, no West—nothing but
| the Union and the Constitution, and the rights of
| the States under it. They are law-abiding, peace- '
j ful, industrious; and yet, never is an appiopria-
j tion asked for Oiogon but what objection is mter-
i posed. I hope this is not done from any unkind- .
I nuss to Oiei'.on. When piotection is needed to ■
< lu r bordeis, and to citizens within them, fiom the
uicursionsand assaults of the savage foe, will this
Conme^s deny it? We have had little, and we ex-
piot little. ) f our Indians are subsisted, and peace 1
is pieservcd ; 3 ft lie live* and property of our people
, a.e pieserved, and if their just claims upon this
■ C.'ovei mm nt are provkh d for, then we are satis- 1
f'-cl. bo this, and we will then endeavor to take ]
care ol ouiselves. !
Tn legmd to the remarks of the gentleman from '
iUissoun, [Mr. L'laia,] lclative to the policy of ;
the Secretary of the lnteiiorin furnishing muni- !
■ tioiis of war to the Indians, I will say that such |
, has not been the policy m Oregon. Arms and ;
I ammunition have not been cai ned there and placed :
: m the hands of the Indians to shoot down and
! ,'.hed the blood of our people. No portion of this <
appropriation is for any such purpose. On the
contrary, I will say to the gentleman, that so far
from its being the policy to give the Indians of
that Territory arms and ammunition, it has been
the policy of the superintendent of tliat Territory
to collect the Indians there upon the Indian res-
ervations, and instead of rifles and shot-guns, to
give them a home and a knowledge of the arts of
civilization; to take from them that with which
they have shed blood, and m its stead, to provide
them with that with which they may cultivate
the soil. This is a wise, a humane, and a Chris-
tian policy, and if this Government will carry it
out, it will civilize the Indians, and enable them
to support themselves. But cut off that policy;
compel the Indians to abandon their reservations
and to seek subsistence outside, and war will im-
mediately follow—a war that will <5ost you mil-
lions of dollars.
The policy, therefore, of refusing the necessary
appropriations to maintain these reservations and
to keep peace with the Indians, is a "penny
wise and pound foolish" policy; for in trying to
save a few hundred thousand dollars you will not
only sacrifice the lives of the settlers, but you
will incut* expenses of millions of dollars.
Then, I ask the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] to withdraw all opposition to
this appropriation; and I ask my fiiend from
Ohio, [Mr. Shcrman,] to give us that pittance
which is necessary to maintain peace. To my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] I say, raise
not the objection that arms and ammunition are
placed by the appropriation in the hands of the
Indians, for no such policy has been carried out
m thai country, nor will be. I hope, Mr. Chair-
man, that the committee wdl consider favorably
tlusappropnation. Make the apptopriation, not
for the people of Oregon, hut in order that, as the
gentleman from Ohio | Mr. Cioding^] said a few
years ago, we may feed the Jndians and have
peace. Give them rations and subsistence, pay
the little just claims of our people upon the Gov-
ernment, and Oregon will endeavor to take care
of herself.
Mr. STANTON. I am glad that the question
is presented as it is. I want the House to decide
upon it. This may be, and I trust it is, a strong
ease, where the appropiiatmn called for is neces-
sary. But if I understand it, this House, last ses-
sion, on full discussion, on mature deliberation,
determined the amount of money that should go
from the national Treasury for this particular ser-
vice. We settled that question. A subordinate
of the executive department of the Government
differs with us as to the necessities of the service,
and chooses to spend more money than we ap-
propriated ; and now, we are called upon to legalize
that act. Now, sir, if there is any purpose for
which wc come herf, it stems to me that it is to
determine how much money we will give for each
particular branch of service. Having settled that
question, if we are to pel nut any subordinate of
the Executive, on any view of his as to what the
public necessities may call for, to exceed the means
which we are willing to grant, I think we had
better go home.
Mr. LANE. I would say to the gentleman that
I think that ho is laboring under a great mistake,
and I will endeavor to explain. I say to him, as
I said the other day, that the estimate of the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs was adopted by the
Secretary of the Interior. Out the Committee o%
Ways and Means concluded that it was more
money than they could <?et, under the circum-
stances, at that session, and they said to me " cre-
ate no discussion; we know you ought to have it,
and by not raising any discussion now, we will
give it to you at the next session of Congress."
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know if it be true
that the financial oigan of this House reports here
for appropuations for specific objects, amounts
which he knows to be inadequate, with a view of
calling upon us at a succeeding session to make an
additional appropriation for that deficiency? Is
that so?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is not so. I
was then a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and it becomes me not to say what
occuned m the committee room. I only speak
of the report made by that committee. That com-
mittee rtcomniendcd, with the concurrence of the
then acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the
appropriation of $111,000, instead of £^2*2,000—
