1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
the Commissioner, at the same time, as I am in- 1
formed, tsaying to other members of the commit- !
tee, " this -sum is deemed necessary; perhaps we
may get along with a smaller sum; but if not able
so to do, the facts can be presented to/Congress, |
sndafurtherappropriationasked." Idonotspeak
all of this of my own knowledge; but tins, 1 1
am informed, is what occurred. "As a matter of
course, 1, as ;i member of the committee, united
in the report that was made; but I do not recol-
lect what occurred. j
Mr. STANTON. The financial onjan of the |
House, and of the Administration—the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means—on inquiry and exam- j
illation and consultation with the Secretary of •
the Interior, reported a bill to the House what ,
they regarded sufficient for that specific branch !
of public expenditure. I thought that the sug-1
gestion of the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Laxe]
could hardly be well founded — that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was knowmely making
an under-estimate, with a view of calling, in the
future, for an additional appropriation to supply
the deficiency. I thought that that could baldly
he so; and it is not so. But now it seems, as I
said in the outset, that this subordinate of the ex-
ecutive department, the Indian agent, or the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, did not regard himself
as at all limited in the amount of his expenditure
by the amount granted him by Congress for this
particular object; butgoes on, without the slight-
est regard to that limitation, incurs further lia-
bilities, and comes here relying confidently on
his representations of the public, necessities for
our granting him a further sum. Now,if the sub-
ordinates of the executive department are to be
the judges of the public necessities, and to say
how much money should be expended on a par-
ticular object of expenditure, then, I repeat, we
had better go home. We are a mere incumbrance.
The nation is throwing away money upon ns. I
hold that it ought to be an impeacliable eiime for
any subordinate to exceed the pdiUcolar amount
appropriated for a paiticulai expenditure. He
ou^ht to be impeached, punished, and lemoved
fi om office. 1 should be glad to know whether
theie is any limitation oil the Executive Depart-
ments. An idea has prevailed that the purse is
in the hands of the people's Repiesentatives; but ;
if you leave the mouth and strings of it in the
hands of the Executive, I do not think it is much
matter where the body is. I trust the House will,
in regard to their own principles and to the Con-
stitution, maintain thisamendinent. The clause
ought not to be here anyway. It ought to bo in
a deficiency bill, and has no business in aregular ,
appropriation bill.
Mr. GARNSi'i'T. I think, Mr. Chairman,
after the developments that have just been made,
that this House ought to haveacloar understand-
ing with the Committee of Ways and Means, be-
fore it votes this sum. It appeals that at the
last session there was an estimate submitted (or
$22:2,bOO; but the appiopnaiions made for the
purpose, for that fiscal year, was but $111,000.
!t seems that the supei intendent of Indian affairs
iu Oregon has spent that sum, or will have ex-
pended it in the month of December just past; and
we are called upon to appropriate an additional
sum of §111,000 for theseivices of this year,
nuking the tot.il sum for the service of the present
fiscal year $.222,000.
Now, tin: total appropriation made in this bill,
is $361,000. Of that sum $111,000 is to go to the
spi \ ice of the present fiscal year, while for the ser-
vice of the next year it but appropriates $50,000.
Now, I put litis to the chairman of the Commit-
tee ot Whvs and Means: If it takes £32:2,000 to
support these Indians m the present fiscal year,
will it not take mote than s50,009 in the next fis-
cal year? And does the committee mean to come
here asking for oniy ^50,000 for tilts service with
the iindei&tuudiiii that at the next session we are
to have a deficiency bill for the remaining one
bandied and seventy or one hundred and eighty
thousand dollars, or 13 this appropiuuion of
soO.OOO a bona JuU' applanation—one intended
10 be adecuate ioi the oh;,.-els for which it is ue-
se;ne.l, and aa T/e to held down our executive
oilieeis rigidh to this amount' I pause for a re-
1 ''Mr. niELPS, of Missouri. I will answer the
inquirvof the gen tie man from Virginia. The m-
qiiii y is whether the sum contained in tins bill will
be adequate to meet the wants of the next fiscal
year for the object for which it is intended. I will
state for the information of the committee, that it
will be sufficient unless some unforeseen event
should occur. Then comes the other inquiry of the
gentleman from Virginia; why it is neceestfry to
appropriate §222,000"for the service of the present
fiscal year, wiien^mly $50,000 are required for j
the next fiscal year? I answer, that the appro- ,
priation for this fiscal year provides for removing ;
the Indians and assemblingthem upon the reser- ;
vations as well as subsisting them. It is con- ;
tempiated that under this head of appropriation, ;
not only the expenses of assembling the Indians
and subsisting them will be defrayed, but also ;
the expenses of building houses for the superin- i
tendent and agents, and for the Indians them- j
selves. "When you have collected the Indians
anderected the buildings, you will have no further ■
cxpendituies under that head except so much as
i may be necessary to subsist them until such time .
! as they shall be able to provide for themselves. ;
j I remarked before that the policy of the Gov- ;
i eminent being to teach the Indians to subsist
| themselves through agricultural pursuits by their :
; own labor, it wdl be necessary to procure agri- :
1 cultural implements and to break up the soil for j
j them. When this shall have been done no further j
j appropriations under this head will be necessary,
i The object of setting apart these reservations is
j to make the Indians collected upon them self-
! sustaining; that when they shall have been taught
| by then-farmers to cultivate the ground, tliey shall
j raise enough to support themselves upon their
| own resources. That is the explanation which
i 1 t'ive to the gentleman from Virginia. j
| "Mr. GARNETT. It appears, then, thiU a part
of these Indians are still m their original abodes,
and have not been removed on the reservations.
What, then, becomes of the argument of the gen-
tleman from Oregon, that, unless you pass this
appropriation the Indians ciowded upon these
reservations will return to their original haunts,
and commit depredations upon the white settle-
ments3
Mr. LANE. I want my statement to be dis-
tinctly understood, and I hope the gentleman from
Vireima will understand me. The Indians upon
the tJmpqua, the Siietz, and the Grand Rondo res-
ervations, are Indians who gave us much trouble
in the war of 1655. They lived then in the south-
ern portion of the Territory—a portion now oc-
cupied entirely by white settlements. The portion
of country which thev ccdcd is now covered by
the thriving homes of peaceful and industrious
citizens. The Indians were removed some two
or three hundred miies, upon the reservations set
apart for them, where we agreed to subsist them
until they were able to provide for themselves;
and unless we do subsist them, they cannot re-
main there, for they have not the means of pro-
viding for themselves; and the moment they are
permuted to go abroad foi something to eat, they
j will l tush back to the country they formerly occu-
pied, now scattered over by white citizens, rush
in upon them, destroy the lives of men, women,
and "children, take then- cattle and other stock, lay
waste the counti y, and besides the suffering they
will produce, cost the Government millions of
dollars.
Mr. GARNETT. Does any reasonable mail
in this committee believe—do cither of my friends,
who have iust spoken, believe—that these In-
dians, when you have biou^ht them upon their
reservations,'will be able to support themselves
within any reasonable time?
Mr. LAN'U. I will answer the gentleman, that
they have alieady reduced the cost of subsisting
them by cultivating the soil. They raise wheat
m considerable quantities. They have reduced
the expense of subsisting them about two thirds,
and 1 have no doubt, m two or three years, will
be able to provide themselves with subsistence.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, sir, 1 am happy to
hear that opinion fiom a gentleman ot so mueli
exoeiience as tile gentleman trom Oregon; but,
for my part, acknowledging with great deference
his (sup.-rior judgment upon this subject, I cannot
beiuve that the true way to teach these Indians
to support themselves is for you to support them.
1 have nevei seen, in the coarse of my observa-
tion, men, practicing upon that system, succeed,
i It is true, they are a different rae" from ourselves;
! but I do not believe they are so different in that
human nature which is common to as all as-tohe
induced to support themselves white you are pro-
viding them with subsistence. ■ : ;
Mr. BRYAN. If my friend from Virginia will
permit me to make a remark, I will state,that the
Indians upon one of the reservations in Texas-,
during the last year, although some of the white
men in the neighborhood, on account of droughty
were not able to do it, raised corn enough to feed
themselves. This they could not have done if
they .had not received the fostering care of .the
Government.
Mr. GARNETT. I think if the gentleman will
examine all the provisions of this bill, he will find
that there are appropriations m it for colonizing
and supporting the Indians in Texas. If they
"have food enough to support themselves, so much
the better; but then why do we need an appro-
priation in this bill of #25,000 for colonizing and
supporting them? 0 <
Mr. BRYAN. Simply for the reason that corn
will not sustain them alone; they must have some-
thing else. They raise corn enough to feed thefti-
selves, but they must have something besides to
live upon. I will remark, also, that we have other
"Indians in Texas who have not been removed on
to the reservations, and it is proposed to collect
them on the Pecos reservation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. By refer-
ring to the estimates of the supei intendent of In-
dian affairs, you will Snd that he calls for oniy
half rations of flour, and half rations of beef, for
the Indians; and in some eas"s for only half ra-
tions of flour.
In the course of two years these reserves have
worked so well that nearly two thirds of their
subsistence has been raised'by the Indians during
the present year. We have an authentic report
fiom the Commissioner of the IiHeiior Depart-
ment, who has visited these reserves, and who
states that every Indian family upon the Siietz
and the Grand Rondo reserves has a little farm,
and that the Indians are at work raising a portion
of their •subsistence. If we 50 on it is certain,
from the experience of the past, and the present
year, as originally reported by Judge Mott, that
little subsistence will be required from us another
year, unless by a failure of the crops—a thing
that has never vc occurred nor is.likely to occur.
Mr GARNETT. I am well aware that this
is not the place to alter our policy, and thatif tho
Indians ate already upon the reserves wc cannot
now change our policy and remove tlie.m. But
I say we can determine not to remove those not
already on the reserves. I do say there is no
i reason for removing upon the reserves those now
| m their original homes.
| 1 cannot but think the gentleman from Missouri
I is mistaken, m ascribing the whole difference be-
! tween two hundred anduventy odd thousand dol-
j lars and $50,000, m the appropriaton for this and
; the next fiscal year, to that single item of removal.
I I think an analysis of the estimates sent in by tile
j superintendent of Indian affairs, will show that
i out of that $222,000, $170,000 has not been spent
I in removal alone; ami as there arc more Indians
| on the reserves than there were last year, it. is al-
i most certain that under this system we shall have
\ an application next year for a deficiency, just as
I we have this year. And 1 think tins the more,
; because if the House votes this $111,000, it will
, be settling and establishing the principle that the
executive officers of tins Government, and not the
■ Congress o f the United States, nro to determine
1 the amount to bo expended. I think it the more,
! because there is not a more flagrant instance, in
■ rny humble judgment, in the whole catalogue ot
1 executive repoits, than th;s very case. 1 had some
I occision at the last session to look into the 10-
: port of this superintendent, (Mr. Nesmkh^) ana
though i have heard a hig'h character ot ,
i personally, from my iViend fiom Washington lei-
i, i itory, [Mr. Steven's,] on whose judgment I my,
: yet I will cay — and any gentleman who will
look into that report, in reference to the Indian
drncnMiey hill of last year, will hear me ou^ uiat
Mr. JSWmith's correspondence with the mdian
'■ department exhibits a vast amount of m-iithordi-
• nation upon fho part ot an ollicer ot ttusuovern-
incnr. and a dctcimination to exceed his instruc-
tions. He sends letter aftei leite!,and absolutely
' scolds the Commissioner uf Indian Aitairs htcause
j ho recommends economy, and he gives linn Uis-
ji tmctly to understand, that no matter what the
