1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
to the subject. Did he have any fears in regard
to the independence of France being violated by
that notice being given to him ? 'Not at all. He
called the attention of the Prince De Joinvilie,
who was there in command of one of the vessels
of France, and a serious and earnest attempt was
made, which lam sorry to say was unsuccessful,
to arrest the owners of the slave ship. I say,
then, that this trade is carried on now under the
American flag; and what are we doing? We will
not permit any search of an American vessel.
There is no subject upon which we are so sensi-
tive as the right of search. I confess that I#hink ;
it has been carried to a great extreme. I under- <
stand the doctrine to be that an avowed slaver, i
cairymgat Us mast-head the American flag, is >
safe against the visitation and search of a British ]
ship. That, I believe, is the modern doctrine, i
and we have driven Great Britain to accept it. I •
am not in favor of it; 1 think it is going too far; :
but that is the prevailing doctrine. Now, I do
not suppose the British Government would at- i
tempt to visit any acknowledged, known slaver, j
or interfere with her in any manner whatever, j
although loaded down with African slaves, if the i
American Hag, without right, wrongfully dese- I
crated and abused, was floating at her mast-head; j
and if, to-day, information was to come to us !
that the British Government had interfered with j
such a vessel, I think,you would find southern1
Senators on this floor ready to declare war on the i
instant. ' j
If such is our feeling, if our flag is desecrated .
in that manner; if itas deseciated with our con- \
sent and connivance—for how else can you con-
sider it?—how can you expect the slave trade to '
stop? 1 fere is our flag, the most glorious on the ,
face of the eauh, which is an enliie proteetion to !
the slave trade, anywhere on the btoad ocean.1
As I understand our doctune in regard to the |
right of seaieh, the American flag any where pro- j
lects the slave trader, and I do not wonder that;
the tiade go<\s on. I do not .see how it can be '
considered that this Government, talcing this
ground, is deshous to check the slave trade. But j
it is said the trade m-vm- has existed with any
portion of our own country. 1 agree that it has
not, until leeently, and there aie seveial reasons
for that. The people of ihe South do not take
the ground that the skive tiade iss against human- ■
ity; I do not n-collect that 1 have over known ;
til at argument to he made in t lie South. I believe, !
as a general thing, the gum ml taken by the South 1
is, that the condition of the native wild Aft leans
on the shores of Afnea is improved by being ;
broughtinto thisoountiyand subjected to .slavery. ,
Then, if the slave trade is to be stopped by the 1
acquisition of Cuba, it is not to be done from hu-
mane considerations; it is to be done because the
interest of the parties requires it. I think that is
the principal reason why the trade has not been
earned on with our southern Slates. But look !
at the recent case of the Wanderer. Von find
there a ctugo of slaves brought into the southm n '
country. You find that, for a long tune, one of
the distinguished judges of ihe Supieme Couit
of the United Stairs, sitting m the c.ncuit court,
could not succeed m impannehng a giand pay
who would find a tine bill ot indictment for the
offense. 1 think that distinguished judge would
have been very glad to bring these malefactors to
justice; but the giand jury would not find a bill.
I understood, recently, from the Senatoi from
South Carolina, that, m another portion of that '
State a bill has been found. But where are the
Africans who \vei<  impoited? It is said they
cannot bo found; they cannot be identified. Sup-
pose a rargo of fugitive slaves had been restored,
under the fugitive slave law, and luought into a
poit in Georgia or South (\uohna: du you think
they could not have been identified? Is there any
difficulty m identifying rhives, if there is a desire
to identify them ? The fact i thesp Africans were
thrown into the masses of the black population;
mingled up with them; and, it seems to me, by
the consent, if not by the connivance, of the
southern people. It is useless to say to me that j
they do not know where these slaves are. They
do know wherg they are; they can produce them
if they will- Why they do "not, is for them to
answer. I have no doubt they will easily iden-
tify a cargo of live hundred fugitive slaves, and
visit them with condign punishment. They are \
well known: but they are not so well marked, not !
half so distinguishable, as Africans freshly im-
ported from the coast of Africa.
I say, then, that is a pretext. They can be
known; they are known. At this day, they are
laboring on the fields of the southern country,
perfectly well known to be imported slaves ft^m
Africa. The southern people say it betters their
condition; perhaps it does; but if you desire to
check the slave trade, you can do it. It is a bare
question for the southern peop!e*to decide, i do
not think the northern people can check it; I do
not sec very well how we can prevent it. I think
the citizensof the South, of Georgia, ofSouth Car-
olina, and Virginia, must decide for themselves,
if they desire to restore the slave trade. I do not
see very well how this Government can prevent
it. At any rate, it would test the powers of the
Government to do it. I do not believe the pres-
ent Administration would make the attempt,
though I do not mean to say they are not doing
their duty, so far as the punishment of the per-
sons connected with that ship are concerned. I
have been told they were. I have been told that
process was now being pursued. 1 have no doubt
that the judge, to whom I have alluded, did his
whole duty on the subject.
It seems you cannot identify the slaves brought
m the Wanderer. Now, suppose you annex Cuba
to this country: I beg to know how you will iden-
tify tho slaves brought into Cuba? I want to
know if you will desire to abolish the slave-trade
theie, more than inyottr piesentcountryr Every
possible motive you have now* to en courage' it will
exist m a tenfold stronger degree than at present.
The price of slaves will perhaps be doubled; it
wjll certainly I4) lucieased to a great extent, in
consequence of the demand there existing to fill
the places of those slaves who, we are told, are
no longer to be brought fiom Africa to the Island
of Cuba. If you stop the Afucan trade, then,
of couise, you must have it from this country.
1 am free to say that if the slave trade must con-
timfe with the Island of Cuba, and the question
id piesented to me whether it shall be with this
country or with Africa, I should hesitate very
much before i should say that [ would prefer it
to go on from this country. Senators say the
slave trade will stop as relates to Africa and com-
mence as lelates to thib eounii y: that you are to
take your slaves fiom the United States into the
Island <if Co ha. JNow, without indulging m any
incendiary remarks in reg;ud to the right of the
blacks ol this country, I think 1 may be justified
in saying that they have sonic claim on us They
are faithful, they aie industrious, they are docile;
they are now performing their *dutics all over
your southern fields, knowing very little of what
is going on here. 1 undertake to say that if this
black population, now cultivating your fields,
knew that this proposition was hue, all their in-
terests would be awakened. If they supposed
the question was whether the slave trade should
cease from Afiica and should commence from this
country; that the question was, whether Cuba
should be supplied with skives from there or from
here, they would he listening with all the atten-
tion thev could give, and it" they found that the
Congtess of the United States were about to pass
a law which would lead to the transportation of
themselves, 01 their children, to Cuba, 1 say to
you that, from that whole4 black race, there would
ascend to Heaven a more piteous cry than ever
pierced the skies.
They have rights here, and we ought to con-
sider them. Will you supply the labor of Cuba
by slaves born, not in Africa, but in this country ?
Shall they be subjected to that horror> I will not
attempt to describe it. Southern Senatois know
butter than I do, how these Africans feel when
they an; can led to (he lied river. They know
what M)rt of punishment it is foi corf 11 n portions
of*he Afnean race, now held as p'aves in this
country, when they are transported from tho
homes to which they are as much attached as we
are to our own, growing there, perhaps, with a
stronger root than we do, with stronger social
feelings, with warmer affections, with local feel-
ings as ardent as ours. You know, Senators
from the South, how these skives feel when they
are transported to anothcrcouufy; and you know
perfectly will what a state of things would exist
if they were liable to be transported to Cuba. I
do not wish to dwell on it; but I say, to-day, my
preference is, if Cuba is to be supplied with slaves
from any other country than itself, that it should
not be from this country. I would stand here
and give my vote and- my voice in support of
the claims of the colored men of the South. The
•slave trade is sufficiently horrible in Africa; but
for that we are not wholly responsible; let it
never be carried on from this country.
I do not believe, then, that the slave trade would
be in any sense checked by the annexation of
Cuba to this country. 1 acknowledge that that
has been in the minds of many; and it was, at one
time, in my own mind, a forcible argument in
favor of the acquisition of Cuba. Before I ex-
amined it, I had a vague idea that it might tend
to abolish the slave trade; but, on examination, I
think,on the contrary, it would remove obstacles
now in the way of the tiade.
But, sir, the Senator from Louisiana informs us,
that unless we can perpetuate slavery in the Island
of Cuba, the civilized world must give up the use
of tropical productions to a great extent. He says
tropical productions cannot be produced to an ex-
tent commensurate with the.wants of the world
without compulsory labor m Cuba. 1 think it
can be shown that the Senator is mistaken. I
have no idea that, if Cuba was to-day stricken
from the face of the globe; if she was where the
Spanish say they would rather she should be than
come into our power—at the bottom of the ocean;
I have not the slightest idea that the supply of
tropical productions, especially sugar, would be
wanting to the world. In the first place, let us
see whether it be true that sugar is only raised
by slave labor and in slave countries.
I understood the Senator from Florida, this
morning, to say that it could not be raised by
white labor; but perhaps I misunderstood him.
. I have before me a book of travels in Cuba and
Porto llico, by David TurnbuII, published in
1840, from which I desire to read a few extracts
on this subject, as to whether the world is dc-
! pendant on compulsory labor m Cuba, or on the
| existence of Cuba at all, for its supply of tropical
! productions. lie says:
1 "Tnemo-t remaik.ible fact connected with the history
and the potent state ot iVnto Rico, is that the fields are
« uIiiwumI and mumi niauuiaetmcd b) the hands of white
men undei a tiopiea I si 111 J11- \ eiy po---ibie that this might
nevet havi; oeciincd h ui not the i.-dand been treated a-- a
penal -enicmeni at an eaily peiim] ot it* lie-torv. The con-
v.e' • rhem-elve« weie oood united to hard labor us n part
ei 1 hen piini-hni'Mt: and when tho lei in <;t then sentence
e vpu cd, ih''v weie compelled 10 continue it 1:1 oulej 10 obtain
the mean-. of .-ub-ij-tence. '
lie says further:
"The heije population of r>aihadocs3 the ptaetice which
foimoily obtained tlioio ot inducing white senlei.-, of an
humble, eias-, to emigrate byan.otfei ot --mall grants of land,
and the law which compelled the pi.mtei to maintain on inn
(-state a fixed propoirion of while ptn.-on-, compared with
the number of I11-. slaves, have had (he rtleet of leducnin a
considerable nurnbet of white person5? m that island to the
rank ot hired l.iboieis; and there, also. 1 have s>eem tnpm
entrained m dur'ins^ e;ia hole-,, whu h, I behev e, 1-. considered
the .'cvciest l.ibot to which the nejiio 1-, evprt^ed. ft is nev-
ciiiicle-,-. tine, that, fet a white man to labor ui the field, ks
i< irauh d 111 l .ubad>ic> as a set anii demad,51 ion. Tin--, how-
ever. is by no means tin' i"i-e in I'oito llico. white mvet-
eiate ii-ai:-: ha- leconetled the white laboiei to the neees-
Hlv ot workuiir, u it! out a murin.i, 111 th" ?<une held with
in-, culm ed bicihiejt, of ov 01 v vj.net.> o: complexion, and
even with .-lave-.,"'
The question whether tropical productions,
sugar, codec, &c,., m Cuba, depended on cornpul-
soiy labor, was also discussed at great length at
Havana, some years ago; and a large portion of
the intelligent people of the island came to the
conclusion that it might be better don« in another
manner. This writer .says, in the same book
above quoted;
The <pifMion he-- thei'-foic an-rn. and ha- even boon
propo-ed ioi public di-t u--um in the • T> an-a^tion-, of tho
Ro\ul J'uuotie Soeie'v 01 me Havana,* nJicthei M'«ar c.m
be -iiccc-- ,iiili\MMiltiva!''d and niahiuiictuted in the i-bmd
without tic .'id 01 coin'viiUoty laboi. It was not c i«y. and
nu-jlit not have been pi ucb'nt, f.n the Colonial Government
t.t [nit tlie vi'io oi e<'iiM)Mup in a di-eu-sion which could
not be supplied 01 i^inaie 111 any sim-tei consideration;
and o has theret.ue been safleied to pioceed without offt
eial interference." ,
■ In som° S'ates of the Union, probably a veto
would have been put on it-, but it was not done
in Havana:
tn the mean tune, it w no Mnall gam for the cause of
humanity, that a community so deeply committed to the
trade with Africa, and hitherto so entireij dependent on the
continuance ot Maveiy, slvoukl become lamihanzed with
sue h topicj of discus-ion, and should habituate themselves
to the contemplation of another state ot tiun<r<.
<c In the very outset of this discussion, it is laid down as an
mcontiovertihle principle, that tho labor of a single free-
man, v.ho works volut.iaiily and ftn iuc own intuit, is at
