1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Government, that in its desire to economize the
public money, its estimates have fallen short.
The estimates had better always fall short, and
too little money had better be expended, leaving
it to the wisdom and judgment of Congress after-
wards to supply the deficiency. I say, sir, that
the fact that the estimates submitted have been
short of the mark, is evidence of the economical
disposition of the executive department. What
inducement has it to over-estimate or to over-
expend? General denunciations about want of
economy amount to nothing. Certainly, if any
public functionaries have abused their trust, or
wa-sted the public money, they can be reached.
To remedy the evil it is not necessary to defeat
an appropriation bill, which cannot punish them.
The gentleman from Vnginia [Mr. Garnett]
•complained that there is another appropriation in
a subsequent section of the bill, for supporting
those Indians. My understanding about it is,
that this applies to a new reservation.
Mr. CLAY. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to make
a few brief remarks on the question under consid-
eration by the committee. I understand that
the proposition is to appropriate a certain sum of
money for the purpose of removing Indians to
reservations, and for the purpose of subsisting
and maintaining them on these reservations until
they shall be able to maintain themselves. And I
understand, moreover, that the appropriation now
under consideration refers to Indians in Oregon.
From the comse of life which it has been my for-
tune to lead, I happen to know some little of the
history of our Indians. 1 happened to have con-
siderable acquaintance with Indian men from my
earliest days, and have frequently conversed with
them on the subject of the best policy of the Gov-
ernment in regaid to that unfortunate race of
people. I have heard with astonishment my
honorable friend from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] ad-
vocating the doctrine that the only mode of tak-
ing care of these poor beings,ail whose lands and
possessions we have taken, leaving them nothing
but their Great Father to look to, was that which
I have heard advocated on the plains of the far
off West—to wipe them out from the face of the
earth. Sir, I believe in no such doctrine. I believe
that that is a mode of getting rid of them; but it
is a mode which humanity should cause us to
shudder at, and which the people of a great na-
tion should shrink from. Gentlemen have told
us here to-day that the policy of bringing these
Indians together on reserves, and keeping them
there till they are able to support themselves, was
an untried one—a tiling which could not succeed.
Why, look at the borders of Arkansas. Look at
the Creeks and Cherokees, whose removal cost
far more to the Government than is asked for
these Indians. What is their condition now?
They are peaceable5quiet,richin all the goods of
the world. They also own some slaves; a fact
which I mention for the benefit of my old friend
[Mr.GiDDiNGs] whom I see smiling over the way.
But it is not only on account of the Indians
themselves, and on account of humanity, that I
would advocate this policy; butl would advocate
it on account of the white settlers on the frontier.
Look at the borders of Texas. Look at Oregon.
Look at California. Look everywhere where the
Indians are suffered to go at large and in a wild
state, without being provided for by the Govern-
ment. What is the history of that country but
one dark blot of blood, rapine, and niurdei ? Do
you tell me that these men are so miserable that
they will not fight? Do you tell me that when
you have taken from them their lands and their
possessions thpy will not fight for bread against
white men ? Recollect you old Logan, that chief
so true to the white man—recollect you how he
died? Recollect you Tecumseh, that brave old
wartior? A friend has just put into my hand the
story of a chief residing in the Rogue River val-
ley, called John. He was a great warrior with
the Indians of southern Oregon. He was brought
with his people, m 185G, and placed upon one of
these reservations, where he entered into a con-
spiracy to kill the agent. He was sent down to
San Francisco in a steamer. He only had his son
with him; he was a man advanced in years, yet
on the passage, during the night, they put outthe
light and made a general attack upon the passen-
gers and crew; they were secured with great dif-
ficulty, and not until they had killed several on
board; and he declared that if he had had five
more Indians with him, he would have captured
the steamer.
That is the kind of men your settlers on the
frontier have to contend with. I think gentlemen
are mistaken in the remark, that the policy of the
Government, with regard to the Indians, is fixed
and determined. I say that policy is not fixed and
determined by law. I say that, under this Ad-
ministration, they are wisely attempting to inau-
gurate a new policy, a new system, in regard to
those Indian tribes. I sav that, looking to the
success of Russia with the Tartars and Cossacks,
who were, at one time, as wild as the Indians on
the plains, but who have been brought down to
be among the most valuable subjects of the Em-
pire by bringing them together into military col-
umns—I say the success of that policy is enough
to encourage us to persevere in the system weaie
just now inaugurating. It is a wise and humane
policy. Acts of Congress, it is true, have estab-
lished reservations and brought Indians into them;
but no acts of Congress have made it a general
system for all the Indians. It is a policy which
I wish to see extended, and which I hope I may
live to see extended until it shall embrace all the
wild Indians who now roam over our land, whose
lands and possessions we have taken away. With
these remarks I have done, with the simple an-
nouncement that I shall vote for this appropria-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It appears to me
that the proposition we are debating is not ex-
actly understood. I do not regard the proposi-
tion as one making an appropriation to supply a
deficiency. There is no deficiency existing at
present. An appropriation of §110,000 was
made at the last session of Congress for the pur-
pose of removing and supporting those Indians.
The agent in charge of them has exhausted that
sum; but before incurring any debt for which he
would be responsible, he advises Congress of the
fact that the money appropriated last year is not
enough to remove these Indians and support them
for the entire year; and he announces the period
at which the sum appropriated at the last session
will be expended, and informs us that a further
appropriation will be necessary to subsist them
during the balance of the year.
That is the whole case. No man is more in
favor of holding agents of the Government re-
sponsible to the provisions of law than I am; but
this agent I regard as having acted with pru-
dence and propriety m not going on to expend
the money necessary to subsist the Indians for
the whole year, but m advising Congress of the
state of affairs.
Now, if this appropriation lias not been ex-
pended in obedience to the laws; if it has been
improperly expended, then hold him accountable
for the expenditure he has made up to the pres-
ent time. Cut that is not the question now before
us. He has informed us that another appropri-
ation of $110,000 will be necessary to subsist
these Indians for the balance of the twelve months,
or the Indians will be left without means of sub-
s i s ten ce
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Will the gentle- ,
man allow me to say that this agentcannot know
of this appropriation before the 18th of May
next? I set that down as a premise; consequently,
according to the argument of the gentleman fiom
Mississippi, he will have to expend this entiie
amount between the 1st of May and the 30th
day of June next. Now, I will ask the gentle-
man from Mississippi whether, in his opinion,
it will be necessary to expend this $110,000 for
this purpose in that time? But, if the agent is to
expend a large portion of this money before he
can know of the passage of this law, then it is a
clear violation of law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It makes no dif-
ference whether he can know it before May or
not. He informed Congress befoie he had ex-
pended anything beyond the appropriation made;
and if he, in the discharge of Ins duty, having so
informed Congress, finds it necessary, in justice
to the Indians, to subsist them, it is the duty of
Congress to appropriate the money. But though
he may proceed to expend this money, and thereby
create a deficiency, no deficiency exists now, and
therefore this appropriation is not to supply a de-
ficiency; it is simply to meet a necessary contin-
gency, a necessary debt which is to accrue heie-
after, which was not provided for last year, and
, which is to he provided for now. He has pro-
ceeded to notify us that the money already-ap-
propriated will not be sufficiept to supply the
wants of the service for the year, before lie had
expended anything beyond the appropriation.
He may now go on to expend money beyond the
appropriation. 1 cannot tell how that will be;'but
he^has notified us of the circumstances of the case.,
and it is now our duty to go on and make the-ac-
cessary and proper appropriation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Allow me to state
the case. When an appropriation is asked for, it is
founded upon executive estimates. These esti-
mates are made with reference to the requirements
of the public service. An executive officer having
charge of a particular subject, and who ought to
►be well advised-of what expenditures may be ne-
cessary, estimates that $100,000 will be required
for aparticularservice;and Congressappropriates
that amount, in accordanco with his i*ecommend~
ation. Now, I ask this House if it is not the duty
of that officer to commence his expenditures so
as to make the appropriation cover the time for
which it was made? Sir, if he be wasteful and
extravagant,and choose to take the responsibility,
he may expend the $100,000 in the first month,
and go on through the year at that rate of expend-
iture. I ask, if he does such a thing as that, if
the debt is not clearly a deficiency? I ask if the
officer is not violating his duty if he spends in a
month what Congress has said he shall only spend
in a year? He has made a deficiency by his own
profligate expenditure of money. It is practi-
cally and in effect a deficiency.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman says u if." There may be
much contained in that inquiry, or there may not
be much contained in it. But I ask the gentle-
man this question: can he show or does he charge
that one dollar has been expended by the Com-
missioner up to the present time, that humanity
and the interests of the Government did not re-
quire ?
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. I will answer the
gentleman. If I understand the facts—I have not
given the matter a critical examination—the
money has been spent by the agent at his own
volition, and without the order of the Commis-
sioner. I understand that the expenditure has
been made by an officer in the Indian country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
says he " understands." I ask from what source
he obtained his information, and whether that in-
formation is reliable? I ask him if he can put his
finger upon a single dollar expended in that ser-
vice, which the wants of that service did not de-
mand? And then, if that agent has proceeded to
do what justice demanded, what humanity de-
manded, what the interest of the Department
demanded, I ask the gentleman if his acts should
not be indorsed by tins House.
The gentleman speaks of money being appro-
priated. I ask him from what source that money
is obtained ? The very money you have appro-
priated has been realized from the sale of lands
taken from the Indians. It has been realized
from their own property. Now, when the ques-
tion of humanity, and not only of humanity but
justice and common right, is presented to this
House, and they are asked for*a few thousand
dollars—a moiety only of that of which these peo-
ple have been robbed—for the purpose of sup-
porting, civilizing, and bringing them together,
gentlemen talk of an unnecessary expenditure of
money upon the part of this House and this Gov-
ernment. If the gentleman can bring any law to
bear upon this subject which can afford any light
to this committee, let him present it and I am
ready to hear.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
addressing the committee, and I want him to give
us the facts and the law. He is enlightening the
committee, and he ought to address them, and
not call upon me to furnish law and facts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have been en-
deavoring to show that this is not a deficiency;
and, while I have been doingthat,tho gentleman
has been endeavoring to establish, by supposition,
thatadeficiencydoesexist—athmgwhich I deny.
Here is an important question to be decided by
the committee; this is an important service; and
any recommendations which may be made by
any official of this Government in relation to the
necessities of the service are predicated, to a
