256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 7.
greater or less extent, upon hypothesis. It is !
impossible to estimate definitely what the service I
may cost. The agent resides at a vast distance !
from the Government, and he must necessarily j
have some latitude, because he will be called upon 1
hastily to respond to the demands of humanity I
and necessity, of which neither the members of
this House, nor the Government, at this distance
from the theater of action, can judge intelligibly. 1
Now, I confess that if that agent does not ex- :
ercise a sound discretion, he should be held ac- ;
countable. But when his account is presented ;
to us, if the money lias been spent in a manner \
which should demand our approval, v/e should i
approve it. If the expenditure has been unau- |
thorized by any necessity, or any exigency of the !
occasion, we should not approve of it. If an ex- j
igency arises at the moment which demands an j
act m apparent excess of authority, and that dis- j
eretion is exercised to the best interest of the :
service, as well as to the best interests of the In- ;
dians and of this Government, I ask if there is a
man upon this floor who will not ratify the act?
If gentlemen, instead of constantly raising clamors
growing out of technicalities and forms, would
argue questions upon the higher ground of human-
ity and justice, it would be infinitely belter for the
legislation of (he county, and for the country
itself, and give evidence of a better and higher
order of statesmanship than is frequently exhib-
ited here upon questions of technicalities.
Latitude must be given to some extent, under
all tiie circumstances; and I am willing to indorse
an aet of discienon where it has been properly ;
cxeicised in leference to the existing necessity,
and 1 take it that every just man upon this floor
will be as ready to indorse it, and will not inter-
pose mere technicalities oi> unst it. There is to
he, and mcessanly must be, a pennant u t policy
in refeience to those Indian1! There must neces-
saniy be expends incmred l y this Government
for a long time, foi the Indians upon this conti-
nent. L have no idea of allowing one drop of
blood of any Indian to be improperly und wrong-
fully shed. Humanity shuddeis at the treatment
those tribes have heietofoie received. We found
them hete, and it is our duty to extend to them all
the facilities for civilization which we can com-
mand .
It may well be necessary in the course of hu-
man events to compel the Indians to abandon the
mode in winch they have heretofore obtained
their subsistence; and we may he compelled ab-
solutely to foice them to the pinsuifs of agricul-
ture to obtain their support in after times. When
theeifoit shall be made by ilie Government to
concentrate them m a small and compact body,
vvc must afford them the means of enbsmtemv, if
it becomes neeessary, in the attainment of that
object. It humanity and Christian benevolence
require it, I stiiul ready to appropriate any
amount, large or small, which may be necessary.
And when J have made the appiopnution, I shall
not consider that J am appropnatimc one dollar
that has been taken out of the pockets of these
gentlemen, or that has been taken out of the pock-
ets of any gen tie man upon this llooi, J will con-
sider that I am but giving buck something of what
I or my ancestors have been concerned in taking
from them. In so doing I return only a small
portion of that which is theirs by every n^iil, na-
tional and divine. I have occupied the attention
of the committee already longer than I intended.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Mr. Chairman, I am re-
minded, by this discussion, of a scene which oc-
curred in this body very many years smce, when
a distinguished i3emoci.it fiom Tennessee an-
nounced to the House and the country that, if we
would i^ive to him the provisions expended upon
our army upon the frontier, and permit luni to
deal them out to the Indians, he would defend and
protect the frontier against Indian depredations.
Gentlemen ask me who was it? f rejoice to say
that it was a leading Democut; and, sit, i am
free, at all times, to acknowledge anythuigof that
kind; because, as we all know, the scarcity of an
article invauably enhances its value. [Laugh-
tei .1
.Now, sir, the remarks of the gentleman from
7uississippi, [Mr. Da\is,] who was last np, have
come home to the feelings and the consciences of
us ali. Here are Indians collected together upon
the reservations. They are wild, uncultivated,
savages. We, as a Christian nation, have ap-
proached them m this manner, feeding them and
endeavoring to cultivate among them the arts of
civilization. The agent who has charge of these
Indians reports to the Department that his appro-
priation will soon be exhausted, and that, unless
he is able to continue feeding them, they will go
off, separate, and once more begin their depreda-
I tions upon the white settlers, and that we will lose
the control over them which we now .exert. Am
I right?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS, I understand such to be the
statement of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I agree with gentlemen all
round me, thatagents should be held to the strictest
accountability when trust is reposed in them by
the Government; but here is a question which is
higher, and lies behind the questions to which ref-
erence has been made. This is a great and mighty
question of policy, and, if my earnest prayer be
heard, I do pray and hope that the policy indi-
cated by the gentleman from Mississippi may be
adopted by this Government, and that, instead of
cutting the throats of the Indians, we may feed
and civilize them. It is more in accordance with
civilization. It is more m accordance with hu-
manity. It is more in accordance with every
generous feeling and high-minded statesmanship
to feed the poor wretches we have diiven from the
soil of their fathers, than to shoot and siay them.
The pending proposition is to carry out that
policy. I only regret that I have not lived to see
that policy adopted here, as one of great mul fixed
nationality. Yet, I do hope and trust that upon
this side,and upon the other side, the policy will
be adhered to of feeding these savages instead of
murdering them.
As I shall soon close my politico! life, I will
say that if [ have any desire in repaid to the In-
dian department, it is that this policy shall be es-
tablished ; that instead of sending armies we shall
send philanthropists to the Indians, to feed and
to civilize them, to reduce them to friendship
through kindness, rather than by force of arms*.
1 will not go back—for one I will not iuqune
how tins vast expenditure has been caused, v, hen
the question comes home to us as tins does, to
pre\enr tho Indians from scattering and lapsing
hg.'i111 into habits of predatony warfare against
the whites, I shall vote for it without the slight-
est hesitancy.
Mr. IJRANCII. Mr. Chairman, it is appar-
ent to all that we cannot get through with this
bill to-night. If 1 supposed there was any pos-
sibility of the debate terminating, and the pas-
sage of the bill, I would, late as it is, be in favor
of gomgon; but I have no such hope; and there-
fore 1 move that the committee rise.
 Se veuil M f.Mil r,rOh, no ! We can get through
with the bill to-ni';ht.
Mr. BRANCH. Debate is neither limited nor
exhausted, and there is to my mind no hope that
we can get through with it this evening. I insist
on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
lesumed the chair, Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consuleraLion, and partic-
ulaily the Indian appropriation bill,and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. UNDER WOOD. X move that, the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman yield
until the Chair lays some executive communica-
tions before the House?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I yield for that purpose.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
| The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
| sago ftom the President of the United States,
1 transmitting a report fiom the Secretary of the,
JNavy, with accompanying papers, in compliance
with the Resolution of the House, adopted Decem-
ber ;Jd, rs:s, requesting the President of the
United States to oonnmmicato to the House, if
not incompatible with the public interest, all in-
stiuctions which have been given to our naval
commanders in the Gulf of Mexico;" which
were referred to rho Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, and ordered to lie printed.
He also laid before the House a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, with accompanying
documents, containing information called for by
resolution of the House of December 23, 1858,
concerning the correspondence in reference to the
clearance of vessels at the port of Mobile; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the House a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of War,
and the Attorney General, as to the condition of
the public buildings in the city of Philadelphia;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the House a communica-
tion from the War Depaitment, inclosing corre-
spondence with Governor Runnells and General
Twiggs; which, on motion of Mr. Bryan, was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
BOA.nD OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is no ob-
jection, I will offer the following resolution:
Ilesolvcl, That the Secretary of the interior be requested
to report to tins House, by what authority, and under what
law, if any, the Advj<oiy Uoardof Agriculture ot the Patent
Ofliec, tiah been assembled in thib city; how the delegates,
ot member*, weie appmtioned, and by whom appointed;
the btbiac>s, puipo.se*, and objects of the board; the man-
ner and mode of compensating the delegates; tiie name of,
and amount pant to each, mid the iund oi appropuation out
ot' winch the same is to be pud.
Mr. WI1ITELEY. I do not want to object,
but I would like to state to the House that the
Committee on Agriculture have called themselves
for that same information this morning.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at a quarter past four o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Janiiani 7, 185D.
Prayer by Rev. T. \V. Grf.er.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the credentials of
Hon. James Chestnut, }r , elected a Senator by
the Lcp,islamic of South Carolina, for six years
from the 4th of March, 1859; which were read
and ordered to be filed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate, a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
i cnting, in compliance with a resolution of the
[ Senate, mfoimation m respect to land m the har-
j bor of New York, belonging to the United States,
! that may be appropriated, if required, to the use
j of the revenue department; which was oidered
to he on the table; and a motion by Mr. Colla-
j Mi?ii to print the report was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the pe-
tition of George W. Grayson, one of the heirs of
Colonel William Grayson, of the revolutionary
army, praying that his heirs may be allowed com-
mutation pay with the interest thereon; which
was refened to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Ken-
tucky, piaymg the establishment of a national
foundery at Mound City in Pulaski County, Illi-
nois; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of a law
to prevent all further tiaffic in, and monopoly of,
the public lands of the United States, and that
they be laid out in farms and lots of limited size
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers
only: which was ordered to be laid on the table.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of Mount
Morris, Livingston county, New York, praying
that pensions may be granted to the militia and
other officers and soldiers of the war of 1812, and
their widows; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented a letter addressed to him by
N. T. Strong, in favor of including the Seneca
Indians of New York, who were engaged in the
war of 1812, in the bill granting pensions to the
soldiers of that war, now before Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
