1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by denying that it was or should be one of t|ie
great objects of our pursuit here to adorn and cul-
tivate what we have; that we ought, instead of that,
to devote ourselves to pursuing some further ac-
quisitions. I confess that I cannot agree with him
in this sentiment. It is not long since we were
tojd that we were to have an ocean-bound Repub-
lic; that we were'to extend from ocean to ocean;
and the Senator from Illinois claimed to be the
father of that doctrine, but it was originated many
years before his day. The Romans had the same
sentiment, "Imperium' oceano famam. qui Urmintt
astris;" which, if I were freely to translate it, so
as to avoid a translation by my friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hm.k,] might be supposed to
mean " our empire is bounded by the ocean, our
glory by the stars"—and stripes added. Now you
propose to go beyond this; to leave the idea of an
ocean-bound Republic, and go in search of for-
eign nations to be annexed to our own—and for
what purpose ? I have already indicated what
seemed to me to be the great object, as stated by
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.]
I have stated somewhat at length some of the
objections which I have to the proposition to place
$30,000,000 in the hands of the President by
this bill. All of them seem to me important; but
I will not conceal from you that the reason offered
by the Senator from Louisiana for the present
acquisition of Cuba, namely, the perpetuation
there of African slavery, is to me the most ample
reason for its rejection. I have no desire, and I
believe*the people I represent have no desire, to
interfere with the institutions of the States of this
Union. They will yield to them all their rights
under the Constitution. But when you ask them,
in addition to this, not only to extend slavery into
free territory, but to go beyond, and annex to this
Union foreign nations and foreign people, for the
purpose of perpetuating compulsory labor, they
object most emphatically.
Do you ask why we arc unwilling to extend sla-
very, to add more slave States to this Union? Not
because we desire to gain, or to keep political
power. It is for a higher and nobler reason. Sla-
very, wherever it exists, must, necessarily, dis-
grace and degrade free labor. The opinions ex-
pressed at the last session of Congress by an
honorable Senator from South Carolina, on this
floor, and by other Senators on other occasions,
though severely Animadverted upon at the time,
are the logical result of the system of slave labor
which prevails in our southern States; and which
the Senator from Louisiana proposes by this bill
to perpetuate in Cuba. They are the legitimate
consequence of a policy permitting the existence
of a servile class ill a community, subjected to
the actual ownership of those for whom they
labor. In other words, a policy which permits
capital to own the labor it employs, necessarily de-
grades all similar labor in which freemen may be
occupied. It is impossible for any manual labor
to be considered honorable, while itis almost ex-
clusively performed by slaves, and is thereby
made a badge of slavery. This, sir, is one of the
strongest objections existing in the minds of the
people of the North to the extension of slavery
into the Territories now free. The humanitarian
objection has great weight with many, and, so
far as it can be shown, that the condition of the
slave will be rendered more intolerable by the
extension of slavery, that objection alone would
be. sufficient. But aside from this, leaving out of
view all considerations of humanity or justice, it
is a sufficient objection to the introduction of sla-
very into any Territory, and to the introduction
.into our system of any foreign slaveholding State;
that free labor is degraded by contact with sla-
very. It is in that point of view that 1 now wish
to consider it. What is free labor in a commu-
nity where slavery does not exist, and what is
the same labor m a slaveholding State? Look
at the condition of free labor in my own Slate,
and the estimation in which itis there held. The
population of tliat ancient commonwealth l\as
not doubled in the eighty-three years which have
passed since the Declaration of Independence.
Yet, if the vast multitude of her industrious sons
and daughters whom she has given to populate
and build up and enrich other States had remained
within her borders, her soil could scarcely have
sustained them. Every State in the great West
owes her a debt of gratitude for the people she has
supplied them. Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and
those younger sisters, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, afld Oregon, with Kansas, soon, I trust, to
be a State, all count among their best citizens em-
igrants and the descendants of emigrants from
Connecticut. The immense region occupied by
those States has been made what it has now be-
come by the labor, the free, voluntary, compen-
sated labor, of men who have carried with them
the principles of the early settlers of New Eng-
land, and their habits of unremitting industry.
In no other way could that wilderness have been
subdued, and made to blossom as the rose. The
sentiments of our people have thus been scattered
like seed; literally disseminated far and wide,
throughout the western States; and there they
have taken root, and are flourishing in their ma-
tured growth. What is felt there, with regard to
the character of free labor, is only the transplanted
sentiment of the State from which they received
so large a proportion of their population.
Now, sir, to say that the people of New Eng-
land, and their descendants in the West, have
always looked upon labor as honorable, is but
feebly to express their sentiments. They consider
idleness disgraceful. They know that to be idle
is to be vicious. They know how this earth was
designed by its maker to be subdued and culti-
vated by human hands—whose labor should be
guided by a free human intellect. The vulgar,
unphilosophical idea, that human labor, in what-
ever useful occupation it may be employed, is
dishonorable, has no place amo g their opinions.
Willi them, "work is worship." This senti-
ment, sir, was at the foundation of their institu-
tions. The idea of the dishonorable grade of man-
ual labor—as compared with suchj>ccupations as
war, hunting, marauding, and the like—came
from the subjection of a class, in the ages when
the masses of mankind were subjected, by con-
quest, to the rule of the few. The monarch and
his companions were the masters; their subjects
were menial laborers. Useful labor was, there-
fore, considered degrading. Yet this was not the
result of education, or refinement, or high cul-
ture. On the contrary, in all ages, the most culti-
vated and refined nations have most respected
labor. The name of the man who first wrought
in brass and iron, was deemed worthy to be re-
corded in Holy Writ. The son of Jupiter is de-
scribed by the Greek poets, toiling at the anvil,
and forging the shield of Hercules, and tha armor
of Achilles. Not to the intellects of those early
days—unsurpassed even yet in exquisite taste
and lofty sentiment—who looked on life and its
duties with the unclouded eyes of an age not yet
corrupted by the accumulated follies and vices of
thousands of years of progress, could any such
idea present itself, as that the labor of the human
hand, in any useful occupation, is dishonorable.
That notion was reserved for a later time; and
had its origin, as it has and must have its sup-
port and advocacy, in a system of slavery. It is
idle, therefore, to denounce th^e who, on this
floor and elsewhere, have stigmatized manual la-
borers and operatives as slaves, however indig-
nant we may justly be. The idea is not theirs;
it is the idea of their system. Negro slavery does,
in truth, not only enslave the African race, but,
in every community where it exists, it also in-
cludes, in the chains of its bondage, the labor of
the white man. For him I now speak. Letthose
Senators who consider what they call hireling
labor degrading, visit the North, and a new vis-
ion will greet their eyes; intelligent, free-labor,
with its ample rewards, its happy firesides—the
homes of education and refinement; its hours of
leisure, for the studies which fit freemen for their
political duties; its means of educating the chil-
dren, who, while the father bends in cheerful toil
over the plow, the bench, or the anvil, are laying
the foundations of that learning, which is prepar-
ing them to become your authors, your invent-
ors, your teachers, your Governors, your Sen-
ators, and the Presidents of your Republic.
Such are the people, and such is free-labor,
where slavery is unknown. Now, sir, what would
be the same people, and what their labor, in a
slaveholding State?
We, sir, object to the extension of slavery into
any free territory. Southern men can see no rea-
son for this, but a desire to invade and violate
the rights of the South. It seems to them ag-
gressive. Sir, their own philosophy ought to
furnish them with a satisfactory reason tor our
opposition to the introduction of foreign slave
States into our Union, and to the extension of sla-
very over territory now free. We do riot need
them to instruct ua that where slavery exists free
labor is degraded, and dethroi#d from its natural,
rightful position. Where a ^mechanic can' be
bought in the market overt, mechanics will rank
as chattels, and will not be very likely to be
selected to govern the State. • * ' "!
Mr. REID. I understand the Senator from
-Connecticut to take the position that slave labor
degrades free labor in thte States where slavery
exists - *
Mr. DIXON. Certainly I do; that is flfy
position.
Mr. REID. The Senator from Connecticut
has certainly given to me a piece of information
that I did not expect to hear, for, so far as my
observation extends in a State where slavery ex-
ists, it is not so regarded there; and J should think
people of the region of the.country where slavery
exists, would have a better opportunity of judg-
ing of that fact than- gentlemen who reside where
slavery does not exist. 1
Mr. DIXON. I founded my remarks mainly
on the opinions which have been expressed on
this floor and elsewhere by southern Senators,
in regard to the labor of operatives and what they
call hireling laborers at the North. They have
been denounced in more than one place, not to
speak of the debates on this floor, as virtually
slaves. I have seen that in more than one "speech
delivered at the South, from which, if I had time,
I might quote. Although this excites indignation
in the minds of the people of the North, it is the
legitimate result and consequence of the instita-
tions of the South.
Mr. REID. If the Senator will permit merI
will state that I have never heard any Senator
from a slave State admit the fact, that where
slavery existed free labor was degraded. That is
new to me. I maintain that where slavery exists,
free labor, so far from being degraded, is elevated.
The kind of labor which is imposed on white men
in the free States is imposed upon slaves in the
South; and therefore in the slave States free labor,
instead of being degraded, is in fact elevated.
Mr. DIXON. It may be that certain higher
classes of labor not performed by slaves, which re-
quire more intelligence and more ingenuity, may
be to a certain extentrespected in thatcommunity,
but I say, that where labor for the most- part is
performed by slaves, the legitimate'logical result
is that free labor will be held in the estimation
in which the Senator from South Carolina stated
at the last session, that he held it. I doubt very
much whether the Senator from North Carolina
would deny my assertion, that where mechanics
are advertised for sale; where you can buy a me-
chanic in the market overt, mechanics will not be
held to be a subject and degraded class. Suppose
you were to advertise a physician, a lawyer, ora
minister, to be sold at the block, as you advertise
a faithful, honest, industrious, intelligent me-
chanic, will the Senator say that the result, the
tendensf of that, would not be to degrade those
professions? If a single instance would not do
it, suppose it was the habit,the custom, the law,
in any State, that lawyers and ministers and phy-
sicians should be held as property, and sold as,
personal chattels, I think, then, lawyers and min-
isters and physicians in that State would rank as
chattels.
Mr. REID. If the Senator will permit me, I
will state to him that the mechanics of the slave
States stand as high as the mechanics in any other
part of the world. The mechanic who buys a
negro slave, or who teaches him a trade, works
with him day bf- day, and does not feel himself
degraded. The master of a slave goes into the
field and works by his side day by day, and does
not feel himself degraded. There is no degrada-
tion, but there is an elevation. When there are
low, menial services, that white men never were
intended to perform in a free country, they are
performed by the slave race. Such duties, in the
non-slaveholdingStates, are performed, to a very-
great extent, by the white population. There is
no point of view in which the subject can be con-
sidered whereby the white man can be degraded
by the institution of slavery.
Mr. DIXON. I am very glad to hear that, in
the State of North Carolina, free labor is some-
what respected. I think it is very likely that it
