258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
not propose to change the names of these vessels
because they are foreign vessels, or because they
are old vessels, or because they are new vessels.
The law, as it now stands, provides that any
foreign vessel wrecked upon our coast may re-
ceive American papers, where three fourths of
the value of the vessel when repaired are put upon
her in an American port. These are foreign-built
vessels; but they were built by American citizens
with American materials, and were brought into
our ports. While, therefore, this case does not
come within the letter of the existing law, it
comes within more than its spirit. They are es-
sentially American-built vessels; they were built
on the frontiers of New York. They were sim-
ply built across the river for the accommodation
of our own citizens and with our own materials,
and everything about them was furnished by our
own citizens, and they were constructed by Amer-
icans. Under that view of the case, the commit-
tee, as the chairman has said, were unanimously
in favor of allowing them an American register.
They are new vessels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That answers one por-
tion of my inquiry; but as to changing the
name, I do not understand any necessity for that.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Louisiana, I
suppose, can explain better than I can the reason
for the change of name.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, these ves-
sels, as I understand, were built for connecting the
termini of a Canadian railroad, and therefore
built on the northern side of the Niagara river to
entitle them to run on the Canada side. The rail-
road being completed, the vessels are 110 longer
necessary there, and they have been bought for the
commerce of (he Gulf of Mexico, to run between
the city of New Orleans and the Tehuantepec l;.th-
mus. Their former names of America and Ca-
nada were deemed inappropriate, and flic com-
mittee proposed k> change thonamos to the names
of the two rivers between which those boats are to
run, the Mississippi and the Coatzoalcos, calling
the one the Mississippi and the other the Coatzo-
alcos.
Mr? FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator explain the propriety of (he last name.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is the name of the river
to which it rims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thud
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FALLS OF NIAGARA.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, at the last ses-
sion a memorial of citizens of the State of Indiana,
praying Congress to adopt necessary means to
construct a ship canal around the falls of Niagara,
was lel'erred to the Committee on Commeiee.
The committee Inne examined the subject to a
liberal extent. Whilst some are inolnx d to favor
the measure, and others resist if on u.c real mer-
its, theie is no diversity of opinion as to the in-
expediency of attempting an enterprise of tins
character in the present depleted condition of the
Treasury. 1 was, therefore, instructed to move
the dismissal of the committee from the further
consideration of the subject; and 1 make that
motion accordingly.
The motion was ngieed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SEIDELL. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day. it be to meet on Monday
next—to-morrow being the 8th of January, I
believe the Senate hay not, for many years, sat
on that day.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will not
vote to adjourn over until Monday. We have
before us here a laige Calendar, and I hold it to
be our duty to dispose of it m some way. I do
not know that it is of any use to make the ob-
jection; but 1 hope the Senate will not adjourn
over, but will come here to-morrow and devote
that day at least to the P.ivate Calendar. j
Mr. PEARCE. 1 hope we shall adjourn over. 1
The Senator must be aware that all of us are en- !
gaged in our committee business, and must go to !
the Depaitments. it is certainly the case with
two committers of which 1 am a member. If the
Senate sits to-morrow, we shall have no oppor-
tunity to visit the Departments. Iu addition to
that, I find it necessary to go to the Departments
on the business of the particular committees of
which I am a member. The Finance Committee
now have appropriation bills before them; and
after the lesson we have had on economy and re-
trenchment, I trust it will be considered nothing
extraordinary if we are exercising a little more
than ordinary vigilance. In the exercise of that
vigilance, it is necessary for some of us to visit
the Departments to-morrow and make pretty ex-
tensive inquiry. It is not to waste time in holi-
day festivals, but that we may better prepare
business for Congress, that I wantto adjourn over
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
' FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise for the purpose
of moving tiiat the unfinished business of yester-
day morning, the bill concerning French spolia-
tions, be taken up.
Mr. CLAY. I think that the Senator from
Mississippi, who is not now in ins seat,.[Mr.
Davis,] signified to the Senate yesterday his de-
sire to be heard on that bill; arid, inasmuch as he
is absent, and absent, probably, under the im-
pression that this was private bill day, and that
it could not come up for consideration, I submit
to my friend from Kentucky that, perhaps, as a
matter of courtesy, n would be right to allow him
to be heard. I believe he is, perhaps, the only
gentleman on this side of the House who pro-
poses to speak about it at all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am very unwilling to
withhold any opportunity from my friend from
Mississippi, or to stand in the way of extending
any courtesy towards him on this occasion; but
I think he is very indifferent about speaking. I
asked him yesterday, when this business was
disposed of, whether lie desired to speak, and I
understood him that he did not intend to discuss
the subject. Perhaps, as it was the Administra-
tion of which he formed a part which vetoed
the bill, he might want to defend that act of the
Administration; but nothing has been said about
it at all; and no defense is necessary where there
is no accusation.
Mr. iVEUSON^ I rise to ask the Chair
whether the oi dor of the last session, setting apart
Friday for the consideration of private bills, is
not now an order of the Senate. If so, at one
o'clock thov must necessarily come un.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is un-
der the impression, and is so informed by the
Secirtary, that it was limited to the last session.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall insist,at one o'clock,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
pi ivate bills.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. Does not this bill come
up as a matter of com so ?
The VICE PI! ESI DENT. The Chair thinks
not. It requires a motion. j
Mr. EOtoTEK, called for the yeas and nays, and ;
t[icy were ord'Mcd; and bem  taken, resulted— j
yeas 30, nays >23; as follows: j
VI', \S—Mf K, Hftte-!, Hell, Hen-jamtn, C.imeton. (/hand- 1
1<m , t 'hi"-1hit, n.tt k. (,'ollamet. < "i un'ndcn, 1 hvoit, |)un| it- !
tir. I'Ysj-eiwIen, Poot, U.nulm, Hammond. IJ.ulnn, j
llmiMnn. Kenneih, IVau-e. Sewaid, Shields5, Siimuor.f.. ;
Snian, Thompson of Ken! uekv. Thomson ot i\ew Jeisev, i
Tooinlw, Ti uinbull, W.wic-, and Wilson—1!0 i
iV'VYS—Mews. t>n<ihu Hiodmek, Clav, T)avi«. j
Fitzpaniek, fiiocn, O^ia, Iiiir.tei, Ivewm, Johnson of j
Aikan-n«. Johnson oi iine^er, Jon.'-. Kin , ^FallOM, 1
M.'whi, Polk, Rbid. liice, rfcbasuun, Shdell, Wind, and ;
Vulee—ilo. j
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate !
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 4o)
to provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction
of claims of American citizens tor spoliations 1
committed by the French prior to the 31st day of '
Julv, 1801.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on ,
oideiing the bill to be engrossed for a third lead- ;
ing.
Mr. DAVIS. I regret very much, Mr. Pros-
idenf, ihaf it devolves upon me to soy anything i
upon this bill. I had hoped that some one, not
only more competent from his greater knowledge '
of the subject, but fiom his physical ability bet- .
tcr fitted for the task, would have undertaken it. :
I look upon it, nov/ever, as an important public
measure, as involving questions the importance ,
of which is gieatly beyond the simple case; and I
theiefore feel constrained, however reluctantly, to i
say something upon it, before I allow it to pass to ,
its third reading. j
The bill proposes to provide for the ascertain- !
ment and satisfaction of claims of American cit-
izens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the 31st day of July, 1801. It is a case
which has been long before the Congress. It is
one which was considered by the men who were
coeval with the transaction. It has remained
from that time to this, pressed in one House or
the other; and from the amount of energy which
has been shown in its prosecution, it is faig to
suppose it is not simply the interest of those se-
gregated sufferers who may have been wronged
by France, or their descendants, that is cared for.
Never, however, during the whole course of the
many years in which it has been pressed upon
the attention of Congress, has it received the
favorable action of both Houses, except upon
two occasions, and then it met the Executive
veto. It therefore comes before us now after the
men have passed away who are cognizant of the
facts; after the men have gone to their final reckon-
ing who suffered by these spoliations; after all the
witnesses have been swept from the face of the
earth that could have brought to us any new evi-
dence; and wu are called upon to sit in judgment
on thatwhich others bctterqualified havedecided,
and to grant what their wisdom and justice with-
held, a favorable action.
Feeling that I should be unable to enter at all
at large into the subject, and yet that I am con-
strained somewhat to notice the history which
involves itself m the case, I will now proceed* as
succinctly as I may, to state some of the facts
which lead me to the conclusion I will after-
wards present to theSenate. It willbe recollected
that when these colonics declared their independ-
ence, and then as a feeble Power were struggling
against the great militarv and maritime Power
of the globe, wo received friendly assistance fiom
France; she came to us in the hour of our need;
her gallant sons entered our service as volun-
teeis; her navy was unon our coast, and rendered
most efficient and valuable service. Indeed, it
may be well doubted to-day whether, butforthe
service they rendered then and there, we could
have achieved our independence. It might have
been postponed to subscquentgenerations, when
u freedom's battle once begun," had been fought
again and again, until at last it would have been
won.
Th^sc relations to France caused us as early as
1778 to enter into treaties of amity and commerce
and alliance, giving peculiar privileges to the
vessels of France iu relation to our own ports
and to their commerce. Among the provisions
of this treaty and convention was one which
gave tin; right to a vessel of either nation to enter
the ports of the other, and there have its prizes
condemned and sold. With this treaty and con-
vention wo went through the war of the Revolu-
tion and achieved our independence. In 1792-93,
when the Republic of France became involved
in war with Great Britain, and the monarchical
Powers of Europe were nil sympathising with
Great Britain in the contest, when it was the
policy to starve out Franco and compel her to
submission by the want of bread to feed her sol-
dieis, Great Bt itain, disregai ding the rights of
neutrals, declared provisions contraband though
they were ox route to a port not blockaded, seized
our vessels upon the hi^h seas, took them into
her ports, there condemned them as having con-
traband goods on board, or, as was usually the
case, to encourage the continuance of a trade ad-
vantageous to her, purchased the cargoes for her
own use. Thus the provisions which were shipped
from the United States for the benefit of Fiance
weie seized upon the high seas by the great mari-
time Power of the earth, carried into her ports,
turned aside from their destination, and there
being liberally paid for caused but little complaint
on the part of the shippers in the United States,
until at last it came to pass that the French people
looked upon us as acting in collusion with Great
Britain.
Many difficulties arose, too, from the execution
of that aitide of the convention which allowed the
French to condemn and sell their prizes, and to
fit out their privateers m our ports. Constant dis-
satisfaction followed*? complaints so crave arose
as to threaten the continuance of our peaceful
relations; and this led to the proclamation of
President Washington, as wise as he showed him-
self on other occasions, declaring the neutrality of
the United States toward the belligerent Powers
