1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
134?
ssitudes and changes in the fortunes of that king-
dom, and the States of Europe generally, when
she had found herself in a condition that she could
sell, and probably with profit, a large part of the
sovereignty of the island, it would have fallen nat-
urally into the hands of those who had been her
allies and supporters for half a century and more.
We should have gained the coveted prize; the
ripe fruit would have fallen into the lap which, it
is said, nature had provided for it, without ngise
and without commotion.
This was the policy, as I understand it; of the
wisest and most eminent statesmen of this coun-
try, who, for a long time, directed its affairs. I
need not refer to any other evidence of this than
to recur to the testimonies furnished by this re-
port, and the extracts from official and private cor-
respondence, and other papers to be found in the
report which the Committee on Foreign Relations
has presented to us. In truth, from the date of the
treaty of Louisiana, by which Louisiana was ac-
quired, there has been a perfect accord, until a late
day, in the opinions of all the most eminent men
who have written or spoken on this subject, as to
our true policy. All agreed in the main and essential
points which constitute the basis of a sound policy.
All agreed, for example, that, in time, it might be-
come an indispensable acquisition to the develop-
ment of the resources and power of this country.
All agreed that it should be a point of policy never
to be neglected, that no other Power 01 sovereignty
should be established over the island, except that
of Spain. With these exceptions, ail agreed that,
as long as it should be the pleasure of the Spanish
Crown to continue her dominion over the Island
of Cuba, without any changes in the condition of
it which would render it necessary to the interests
of the neighboring States of the Union, it was
neither expedient, politic, nor just, to disturb the
rule of Spain. When you come to examine what
they have said and written upon this subject, all
of them rather felt and expressed the imminent
and destructive nature of any armed interference
to the prospective value and importance of that
island to the United States. It was the just ap-
preciation of the difficulties and embarrassments
arising from these considerations which environed
the whole subject that caused the eminent men,
who, for so long a time, had the direction of the
policy of this Government to regard our relations
with Spain as of the most delicate character.
Pursuing, regularly and steadily, moderation and
forbearance in their counsels, and seeing what
would be the consequence of a forcible wresting
of that island from the Government pf Spain, even
in a just and necessary war, they were disposed
to take from Spain, not aggressions or intended
insults, but what were called unjustifiable inter-
ferences with the rights of our commerce, and of
our vessels engaged in trade there, being to her
faults always a little blind. That was their policy.
But, Mr. President, the times are changed—
greatly changed. New ideas of national progress,
new theories of national strength and national
glory, have sprung up. A new order of states-
men, more spiii ted and adventurous, if you please,
has risen up, seized the reins of the chariot of
State, and direct, or seem determined to direct, its
course. I will ask your attention for a few mo-
ments to the progress of tiiis sentiment. The
immediate proximity in population, the same idea
of the necessity of preserving some equilibrium
between the northern and southern States, led to
the acquisition of Texas m 1H45. As some con-
cession to the North, as a means of sustaining
the position of those northern men who had sup-
ported the policy of the annexation of Texas, and
possibly, from some impression of the expediency
of some bold and dashing stroke of policy to rally
the discontents of his tollowers, soon after the
principal offices of the Government had been dis-
tributed, in the first year of his administration,
Mr. Polk gave notice of his purpose to determine
the convention under which British subjects had
been allowed to occupy the country south of lat-
itude 54° 40'—I believe it was—and of.opening
that fine region to the settlement of American cit-
izens. He took his position upon that parallel
of latitude, and ho said ha would not recede from
it. It was said at the time that he was prepared
to go to war for it. There was some little war-
fever getting up in the country, some little stir of
war; but upon its being well ascertained that there
was an active movement taking place in the Brit-
ish dock-yards at home, the Administration, in
retreating upon the forty-ninth parallel, was sup-
posed not to have gotten out of the dilemma in
which they had rashly placed themselves with
overmuch honor. The war spirits were greatly
disappointed. Some of them were indignant.
Something was now necessary to be done. War,
which before was merely expedient, was now a
matter of absolute necessity. There was but one
resource; and Mr. Polk fell upon Mexico with a
fury increased by a sense of his mortifying retreat
from his encounter with British pride and obsti-
nacy.
Soon after that war was entered upon, it was
announced to the public that it would not be con-
cluded without" indemnity for the past, and secu-
rity for the future." All the country understood
then that a further acquisition of territory was to
be made. To vindicate the Ad ministration against
the attacks which were made upon it by the organs
of the Whig sentiment, the Whig journals, and
Whig speakers, all. the public journals of the
country m the interest of the Administration were
filled with spirited, well-written appeals to the
national pride, and to the popular feelings and
sympathies, scorning the idea that the energy and
spirit of enterprise of the people of this country
were to be confined within narrow limits, or the
limits, whether narrow or otherwise, to which they
were then restricted; proclaiming the sentiment
that it was the destiny, the mission, of this Re-
public, and particularly—I quote the language by
memory—that it was the special mission of the
Democracy of this country to expand the area of
freedom, and to carry the benefits of our benefi-
cent and glorious system of government to every
neighboring State and nation; that it was our
destiny, and we could not avoid it if we would;
that this was an age of progress; and that all the
aspiring youth of our country, or all public men
generally who should refuse to go with the cur-
lent, would be swept from public view by the
violence of it, and sink to rise no more.
Such was the effect—you must remember it
well, sir—of these sentiments and doctrines an-
nounced in a seemingly oracular manner, upon
the imaginations of the young, ambitious, and
ardent men of the country, and even upon men
who had long passed that period of life; such was
the strength which the propagation of those sen-
timents and doctrines brought to the Administra-
tion, that, encouraged thereby, and still further
emboldened by the eclat and the brilliant successes
which attended our arms in the war with Mexico,
it came to a pass that there were but forty-eight
hours between a Cabinet resolve to hold all Mex-
ico, and the decision to accept the Trist treaty.
Such was the force of these sentiments of expan-
sion as early as 1847 and 184S.
It is not, therefore, surprising, Mr. President,
that the close of the Mexican war found a large
portion of our population, especially in the South,
deeply imbued with the sentiments and passions
which had taken root during its^rogress. That
was the commencement of what may be callftd the
filibustering era. This policy, however (if policy
it may be called) gathered large strength, and en-
listed m its support may gallant as well as intel-
ligent men in the South. It was at this same era
of 1849, or 1850 at all events, from causes which
I shall not rehearse—it is not necessary that I
should do so; they must be in the mind of every
person within the hearing of ray voice who has
ally knowledge of the state ofalfairs in this coun-
try foi the last ten years—that the idea of a great
southern republic, long cherished by a few dis-
tinguished individuals in the South., received its
dangerous and threatening development, ihe in-
fluence of these passions, the policy of expansion,
the spirit of filibustering, assisted by tiiese grand
notions of the destiny of this country, became so
powerful that they could not be safely disregarded
m the political contests of the day. On the con-
trary, it became necessary to court and piopitiate
them.
Walker, with all his errors and his faults, his
imputed crimes, if you please, was but the tvpe
of a large class in this country, a representative
man of "all the eager and impatient advocates of
expansion; and he was a victim to his faith m
their power. To forward his views, he calculated
at least upon the connivance of this Government
through their influence; but he was misled or de-
ceived. The terrible catastrophe of the expedi-
tion of Lopez, at an antecedent day, may be
traced to the same cause—an over-estimate of the
strength of the sentiment which had grown up
in the country, which was sufficient to prevent
the execution of the law in some districts. Though
it had the power to paralyze partially, yet it was
not poweiful enough to arrest altogether the in-
tervention of the Government. Let no one sup-
pose I am touching upon questions irrelevant and
foreign to the question now under debate. It is ,
of the very gist of,the matter.
Passing over other consequences of the prev-
alence of this passion for expansion, and the
spirit of fillibusterism engendered by it, let us see
what effect it has bad upon our relations with the
Government of Spam. .For nearly fifty years,
Spain was aware that it was the cherished policy
of this Government, at some period, ultimately to
acquire the possession of Cuba; and though she
was frequently threatened and alarmed by the
revolutionary spirit that prevailed in the island,
she rested in repose and in security as to any at-
tempts by this Government to disturb her rule,
under these solemn and oft-repeated assurances,
that it was not the policy of this Government to
give her any disturbance, unless she proceeded to
change the condition oflier population. Even the
bad influence which the expedition of Lopez had
upon her public councils might have been repaired.
Even the fact that she was supposed, or did, per-
haps, seek or accept the voluntary offer of the
aid and assistance of France and England in main-
taining the possession of the island, atthat period,
did not necessarily imply a forfeiture of her con-
fidence in the good faith of the United States; far
from it; becausc the return by the Government
of Spain of those surviving companions of the
followers of Lopez, who were citizens of the Uni-
ted States, clearly showed, and she might faiily,
and probably did, impute the organization of hos-
tile parties frequently within the jurisdiction of
the United States, to the prevalence of a lawless
spirit of adventure, which was too widely diffused
and too strong to be opposed successfully by the
Federal authorities. A vigorous Administration,
wise counsels, and skillful diplomacy, could have
restored the former italus of the relations between
the two countries; but this passion forexpansion,
with the filibustering spirit engendeied and fos-
tered by it, were too strong to leave the Govern-
ment altogether fiee to pursue such a course as
in their own judgment they would have preferred.
These influences I presume it was, thatdrove the
Government into a course of policy which could
not but be destructive of the very object of this
spirit of expansion, so far as Cuba was concerned,
or at least fatal to it foran indefinite period. All
prudential considerations were thrown aside in
the conduct of our intercourse and negotiations
with Spain on the subject; but it was supposed
that indiscretion—I beg pardon for saying so—
had culminated at the time of the publication of
the Oster.d manifesto, announcing to the world
that the t'me had come when the acquisition of
Cuba could bono longer postponed; and failing
to yield negotiation that the object of self-pres-
ervation, on the part of the United States, would
force us to wrest it by violence from her control.
But, sir, 1 must be permitted to say .that this
second manifesto, contained ill the present report,
upon which the bill now befoie the Senate was
founded, which is an echo of the same spirit and
the same substantial conclusions, at least, of the
I first, has, as a means to an end, if it be tne object
to acooire Cuba by negotiation, not so much even
to commend it as the first manifesto, published
. in 18.55. If the Ostend manifesto was calculated
1 to incline the Government of Spain to resist the
' pretensions of theJJnitcd States, and our purpose
of a transfer of the island from her, and lafht r to
I seek the guarantee of the aid of France and Eng-
i land to nro'ect her in the possession of it; if that
! was the effect of the first manifesto, this sec-
ond one is enforced with arguments calculated to^
be still more offensive. Having tne sanction of
I the President of the United States, and the Com-
! miitee on Foreign Relations of the Senate of the
United States, it can scarcely fail of uniting and
I cementing the most hostile tactions in Spain in
| the unalterable purpose to make every sacrifice,
; incur every hazard, even that of making an une-
j qua! w-ar, rather than yield to the demands of this
! Government; and, finally, when the hour ap-
| proached that they found they should have to
