260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wilson
So the motion of Mr. Clay was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business be-
fore the Senate is the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to move the postponement
of the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill,
and all prior orders, with a view to proceed, at
this time, with the consideration of the French
spoliation bill. Before making that motion, how-
ever, as I desire to be governed by the wishes of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, who has
occupied the floor a short time on that bill, I will
say that! shall only make the motion provided
it is agreeable to him to go on this morning. If
it is not agreeable, in consequence of indisposition
or other cause, J will not make the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I thank the Senator from Ver-
mont for the courtesy which he 1ms shown to me,
. and I will merely say that I am unwell, but can
conclude the few remarks which it is needful for
me to make. I should probably inflict upon the
Senate something more at another time than I
would in my present condition, and therefore
perhaps he would gain something by requiring
me to go on now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the desire of
the Senator?
Mr. FOOT. I submit entirely to the wishes of
the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. It would be more convenient to
me, probably, to speak at some other time.
Mr. FOOT. I will not interpose under these
circumstances, and prefer to proceed with the rail-
road bill.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. CLAY. At the request of the Senator from
Mississippi, who is obliged to leave the Cham-
ber on account of indisposition, I oO'er a resolu-
tion which I am told it is important should be
passed fo-day. It is that the vacancies in the
board of Regents in the Smithsonian Institution
of the class other than members of Congress, be
filled by the appointment of Alexander Dallas
Bache, a member of the National Institute, and
resident of the city of Washington, and George
E. Badger, of the State of North Carolina. I am
told that their terms of office have expired; that
the Regents wish to hold a meeting on Monday
next;and unless it be passed by the Senate now,
the meeting cannot be held. I know the import-
ance of acting on it, and I trust the Senate will
indulge me in having the resolution passed at this
time.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 67) for the
appointment of two Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution; and it was read three times and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate lesumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 05) to atithou/.e the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seam< n, munitions of war, and
all other Government service, by railroad, from
the Missouri river to San Francisco, in the State
of California.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, the State that
I have the honor to represent, in part, takes a deep
interest in the Pacific lailroad. There is but one
opinion amongst our people upon the necessity of
railroad communication with the Pacific. Though
the youngest State in the Union, Minnesota is
not behind the foremost of the o'dest in public
spint, ami an enlightened sense of public duty.
From our geographical position it is quite natural
that we should prefer the northern, or what is
commonly called Governor Stevens's route. Being
the northwestern State of the Confederacy, we
aie accustomed to regmd this load as an object of
the very fust importance, not only to us, but to
the commercial interests of the country. This
opinion derives additional force from the convic-
tion, on our part, that the northern route, upon
full and fair investigation and trial, will be found
to be the cheapest and best of all the contemplated
'routes to the Pacific. JJut to prevent misconcep-
tion, I take occasion to say, that the moment I
find that our first choice is not attainable, I am
re.idy and willing to support any just, equal, and
feasible project that will promise to accomplish
the general object. There are before the Senato
at this time what may bo called two general pro-
jects for railroad communication with the Pacific.
The first contemplates one single central road from
the borders of Missouri to San Francisco; the
second looks to the construction of three roads—
a northern, middle, and southern road.
Mr. 1VERSON. Will the Senator from Min-
nesota allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SHFELDS. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. I do so for the reason that he
is stating what is the proposition before the Sen-
ate. I made a motion to recommit this bill to the
special committee, with instructions to bring in a
proposition for two roads; and the Senator who
occupied the chair at that time ruled that to be out
of order; but I think he was satisfied subsequently
that he was wrong in his decision, and that my
motion was the first one in order. That motion,
then, is now pending; that is the motion before
the Senate; and it opens the whole discussion on
every subject connected with this project.
Mr. SHIELDS. I thank the Senator for his
information, for I prefer making it a broad, gen-
eral discussion. I state, then, that there are two
general projects before the Senate, and, as it were,
before the country; the one is a single central
road to the Pacific; the other contemplates three
roads: a northern, a middle, and a southern one.
If we are to have but one road, it must be, beyond
all peradventure,a central road; and, if we cannot
get this, then let us have three roads; nothing but
one or other of these two projects will satisfy the
country.
The bill reported by the committee proposes a
single road, commencing on the Missouri river,
between the mouths of the Big Sioux and Kansas
rivers, and terminating at San Francisco. To this
bill there is a palpable, though not incurable, ob-
jection. While it fixes the termini with suiKcient
accuracy, it leaves the general line of the road
wholly undetermined and indefinite. The road,
under the provisions of tins bill, may be carried
in a northern or a southern direction. It may
make a deflection in the direction of the British
line, or in that of the frontiers of Mexico. In-
deed, under certain circumstances, it may be the
interest of the contracting party to give it such a
deflection, for the purpose of secuung valuable
lands, as would render it a very inconvenient and
insufficient national thoroughfare. I am willing
to admit that no bill can be so framed as to locate
the line of the road with anything like particular-
ity; but what may be done with great propriety,
and what ought to be done, I humbly think, m
the piesent case, is to designate two paiallels of
latitude within which the road will be bound to
cross the summit of the Rocky Mountains.
We know,from careful exploration, that there
is more than one practicable pass through the
Murmnit divide neat the forty-second parallel of
latitude. This fact is as well ascertained now as
it ever can bo by future surveys. Then why not
confine the line of the road within, say, the for-
tieth and forty-third parallels of latitude ? This
would afford ample room for selection among the
different central routes and central passes tlnough
the Rocky Mountains, and give an assurance to
the country that the road, if constructed at all,
would be constructed on the great central line of
trade and travel, commencing at New York and
terminating at San Francisco.
The Senator from Vermont says, if I under-
stand him aright, that it has been charged upon
this bill that it is a project under which somebody
is bound to be cheated; and that Senator, who is
one of its ablest advocates, while he repels this
charge, admits, at the same time, that although
nobody is to be cheated, yet it is very likely that
some parties may bo disappointed by it. For my
own part, I cannot rid myself of an instuicti\e ap-
prehension that, m its piesent shape, it is likely
to eventuate in a way that will disappoint the
great body of the American people. But, as I
have no wish to cheat, or be cheated; and do not
like to disappoint others,or be disappointed my-
self; as I do not desire to leave the determination
of such an important question to the cupidity of
a private company, I hope to see this objection
removed by an amendment; and then, if we are
to have but a single road, this bill may answer
that purpose as well as any other. But as sev-
eral amendments propose a northern, a middle,
and a southern road, I deem it a duty which I
owe to my constituents to present a fow of the
general advantages of the northern line.
1 have collected much accurate information on
this subject from the reports and public state-
ments of Governor I. I. Stevens, an able and in-
defatigable engineer, and a man to whom the
whole country is indebted for his reliable explo-
rations and researches throughout our northern
Territories. From the western borders of the
State of Minnesota to the head waters of Puget
Sound the distance, by the northern route, is one
thousand five hundred and forty-four miles. From
Council Bluff to Benicia, by the middle route, it
is two thousand and thirty-two miles; and from
Fulton to San Francisco, by the southern route,
it is two thousand and twenty-four miles. This
shows that the northern route is the shortest from
the borders of the western States to the Pacific.
The Cadotte Pass, through which the northern
road is intended to cross the summit of the Rocky
Mountains, is five thousand one hundred and
ninety-five feet above the level of the sea. The
Summit Pass, near the South Pass, on the middle
route, is eight thousand three hundred and sev-
enty-three feet; and the Guadaloupe Pass on the
southern route is five thousand seven hundred
and seventeen feet.
Here, again, the advantage, and a very decided
one, is on the side of the northern route. From
the western borders of Minnesota to the base of
the Rocky Mountains, the country is generally,
in fact almost entirely, habitable. Nearly the
whole of this immense region possesses a rich pro-
ductive soil, is well watered, and aboundsin lux-
uriant meadows and prairies, over which count-
less herds of buffalo roam at will, and find food
in abundance, both in summer and winter. The
late Colonel Benton declared, on one occasion,
that the buffalo was an intelligent and sagacious
engineer, and that he surpassed our most scien-
tific engineers in the discovery of the best routes.
That remarkable man spoke fiom observation
and experience when he ventured to make this
assertion. In the natural condition of a country
the tracK of the buffalo is always sure to be
the shortest and best route between two distant
points. But whatever may be thought of the ca-
pacity of the buffalo as an engineer, nature has
furnished him with an infallible instinct to se-
lect for his pasture a region of country where
soil, water, productions, and climate, all combine
for the. sustenance and support of animal life,
j This instinct is so infallible that wherever you
| find the buffalo you may conclude that thecoun-
I try is habitable. Tins is what hunters know,
I but what engineers do not know. The explora-
I tions of engineers, and the information of trap-
! pers and hunters, who are familiar with the char-
I acter of this region, confirm this account of its
I genoial fertility and habitable character. The
| country on this route, west of the Rocky Moun-
! tains, possesses a rich soil, a mild, healthy cli-
| mate, and abounds in timber, water, and coal—all
! indispensable requisites for the construction and
' operation of railroads.
j A summary of the supposed disadvantages of
j this route includes a long tunnel through a mou-nt-
j am region of five hundred and fifty miles, and
1 the rigor and severity of the climate. Byaccuiate
; explorations and surveys, it has been ascertained
j that by deviating about forty miles to the south5
j this whole difficulty can be obviated, and the n-o-
i cessity for this extra labor avoided, so that there
will be less tunneling required on this route than
on either of the otheis; and, as it has the least
sumofascentsand descents,and thelowestgrades,
! the cost of construction must be proportionate,
j With respect to climate, it is a curious, but well-
; attested fact, that the average cold at Cadotte*s
' Pass, in the foity-seventh degree of latitude,
| is not as great in winter, owing perhaps to the
I Pacific winds, as at St. Paul, in Minnesota; and
[ the depth of snow at the same place, even in mid
i winter, is never known to exceed two feet; and
'this, like the snow in all northern latitudes, is so
' dry and light that it can be brushed away like
dust or chaff before the wheels of a locomotive.
Who does not know that the quantity of snow
that falls orlics upon the ground in any particular
region depends not so much upon latitude as upon
altitude, as well as upon the moisture and damp-
ness of the atmosphere?
This objection on the score of climate cannot
be a very formidable one in a country that pos-
sesses so much practical experience on this sub-
ject, Why, the best constructed, best managed,
I and greatest number of railroads are to be found,
