1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
1MB
laid upon the decaying fires of sectional contro-
versy and sectional strife? Has it comes to this,
that a cessation of all sectional strife and contro-
versy should be looked upon with dismay and
apprehension in any quarter? Is that the condi-
tion of the country? I know I am speaking here
to empty seats; but perhaps my voice may reach
some ears where it may elicit reflection. I say
has it come to this, that a cessation of sectional
strife is looked upon with apprehension and dis-
may in any quarter, North or South ? Every one,
Mr. President, who will reflect a moment i^pon
this subject, must perceive, if it is important to
any vital interest of this country, that Cuba, when
once acquired by negotiation, peaceably and by
purchase, should be brought into the Union as a
slave State, that our true policy now is a masterly
inactivity; and as to any project of wresting the
island from Spain by violence, the chances would
be that when it was acquired it would be found a
blasted and worthless possession.
Mr. President, I have said all that I intended
to say on this specific proposition, its probable
motives or objects, and what I consider the erro-
neous or false policy which has been pursued in
conducting these negotiations with regard to any
expectation of the acquisition of Cuba, and my
own opinion of it. I will state, so far as my in-
formation extends in the South—it is limited it
is true—there is a division of publicopimon upon
the subject there. A large class of the earnest
advocates of its annexation at the earliest day
that it can be done consistently, perhaps, with the
national honor, advocate it on the ground of its
necessity for our own security and self-preserva-
tion. On the contrary, there is anotherctass that
are apprehensive it would produce a dram of too
large a portion of the labor peculiar to the South,
and of the capital employed m the southern slave
States, and that that dram would cause a seiious
obstruction in the future progress and develop-
ment of the resources of those States. Others
apprehend that, by the transfer of so large a num-
ber as three or four hundred thousand, as is esti-
mated by some to be the number of slaves that
are apt to be taken to that island from other States
of the Union, they will not be so likely to be prof-
itably employed there as is generally supposed.
For my part, while I would not be of opinion
that any favorable opportunity ought to be pre-
termitted under the dangers which are said to
exist now, and which may perhaps continue to
exist, that the present state of things may possi-
bly bring the two countries into wars which might
otherwise be avoided; I say no opportunity should
be omitted or neglected, by which the control of
that island at all events, under some form of gov-
ernment or other,'or under an independent gov-
ernment, could be acquired by.this country with-
out disparagement to our country, and without
the violation of any principle of international law.
At the same time, however, I have entertained
the opinion held by the most eminent of our pub-
lic men for a period of forty or fifty years, that
the time has not yet come when the acquisition
of that island is indispensable to our security or
to the development of our resources. I believe
that it is our interest, while Spain pursues a policy
not calculated to be injurious or dangerous to the
States of the South, that she shall maintain her
sovereignty over the island as long as it shall be
her pleasure to do so.
Mr. President, I admit the advantages of Cuba
in a stiategic point of view, in time of war, under
certain circumstances. I admit the security that
it would bring to our commerce under certain cir-
cumstances; but now we are not in a condition to
accept that island, though it should be a gift pre-
sented to us by Spam without any consideration,
particularly unless we had the security or the
guarantee of the non-intervention of England and
France. Th^t island can only add to the security
of our trade or commerce, or to our defensive at-
titude in time of war, when we shall have* built up
when their authority was attempted to be inter-
posed for such a purpose as this, to defeat the
policy of the United States in the acquisition of
Cuba. Why, sir, if this is not mere empty bra-
vado, the honorable Senator cannot have reflected
for a moment upon the reasonableness of such a
declaration. The very first blow that would be
struck at our power in a war either with France or
Great Britain, with our present feeble establish-
ment, or any addition we could make to it for a
great number of years, would be to wrest the pos-
session of Cuba with al! its fine harbors from us,
and to make them the means of annoyance instead
of protection and security. The time will come
when it may become necessary for the security
and full development of the power and resources
of this country, that we should have Cuba; but it
will never be expedient that we shall acquire Cuba
until we are able to maintain possession of it
against all the Powers that might be disposed to
assail us.
Furthermore, I am of opinion that, if we were
to acquire Cuba, there would be some addition to
the present profitable trade which we have there.
The market for the northern manufactures would
be extended in some degree; but when the popu-
lation of that island shall have extended to the ut-
most limit required for the development of sugar-
planting, and their other resources, the consump-
tion of the corn, the flour, the beef, and the pork
of the great agricultural regions lying north of the
cotton-growingregions of the West would be but
a fraction of the surplus products of those great
States. The prospect held out of cheap sugar, too,
j might be found equally delusive. I should sup-
pose, in the natural order of things, for some time
there might be a reduction of the price of sugar;
but when you reflect upon the growing consump-
tion of that article by all the civilized, prosperous,
and growing population of the temperate zones,
that idea might be equally delusive with the other.
But, Mr. President, I pass from that view of
the subject. Extraordinary as this proposition is
to appropriate or provide $30,000,000, to be un-
der the disposal of the President in entering upon
further negotiation with Spain; unprecedented as
it is in the circumstances accompanying it; uncon-
stitutional in spirit as it is, it is not more danger-
ous and alarming than the pernicious doctrines
and theories of public policy which accompany
it. What are they ?
" The law of our national existence is growth. Wc can-
not, it'we would, disobey it. While we should do nothing
to stimulate it unnaturally, we should be careful not to im-
pose upon ourselves u regimen so sttictasto prevent its
healthiul development. The tendency of the age is the ex-
pansion of the gieat Powers of the world " * * *
* When they cease to grow thev will soon commence
that petiod ot decadence which is the fate ot ail nations as
of individual man."
These doctrines are put before the country
under the sanction of a standing committee of the
Senate of the United States, announced with all
the precision and apparent confidence of an axiom
in political cconomy and phitosoph^, that the law
of our national existence is growth. What does
that growth mean ? Growth within? Growth in
the mode of our political organization? Growth
in the improvement of the territory within which
we now live? Growth m wealth and population
and moral culture? Is that the meaning of it? It
ought to be the law of our existence that we
should grow in all those respects; butthegrowth
alluded to by the committee is not confined to that
limited view of internal growth, improvement
within the territories which we now enjoy, moral
cultivation,and advancing civilization. It is not
true, even m that limited sense. It is not well
founded in theory, nor verified by the facts of
history. Why, sir, any people, within any pre-
scribed limits you may choose, great or small,
may be retarded in their population, their wealth,
and their moral culture, by mal-administration,
by internal dissensions, exhausting civil or for-
eign war, and they may so be kept stationary for
our Navy to such an extent as to maintain pos- ! generations, without impairing materially the na-
session of it against any Power or two Powers® tive energy and spirit of the population, which
combined, that might seek to dislodge us in time j may still remain after all these adverse fortunes,
of war. Gentlemen now proclaim their indiffer- I' So it is not true that there is any just comparison
enee to what England or France might be dis- |! between the growth of a nation, or a stationary
posed to do. One gentleman, the Senator from ij position, to the life of man as it progresses from
Georgia, [Mr.Toombs,] defied the power both of j, youth to manhood, when men arrive at the period
England and France, and even went so far as to i, of decadence. Nor is it true in reference to that
say that nothing would rejoice him more, than an 11 other expansion, or larger power, if you please; if
opportunity to cope with those great Powers, II thereisanyconaectioiibetweenacontinuedt«pan-
sion and an arrival at the period of decadence, as
m the case of individual man. There is no appro-
priateness in the comparison. The manhood of
a nation cannot be brought in the category within,
the principle of the doctrine laid down here. After',
its growth shall have been passed, and shall
have been progressing for three hundred or four
hundred years, its manhood may embrace a pe-
riod of four hundred -or fiver hundred years before
it arrives at that period of decadence indicated by
ceasing the policy of expansion.
The Roman republics-and great monarchies, so*
often referred to as evidence of the inevitable* doom,
awaiting all modern nations, owe their fall to
many causes, and combinations of causes, and.
circumstances in their condition, which do not'
operate in modern times in the same force or com.
bination. I shall not undertake to discriminate
the causes of the decay and final extinction which
existed in the overthrow of ancient monarchies
and republics from those which threaten modern
nations. Nor shall I stop here, though I will sug-
gest it for the reflection of those who hear me, to
point out the peculiar causes and circumstances
which exist in our condition in this country which •
expose us to the chances of premature decay and.
extinction as a Republic and free people. If we
will look at the causes which have contributed to-
the overthrow of the ancient republics, we shall
find more force in the circumstances and condi-
tion of this country than in relation to some of
the large Powers of Europe. .
But, sir, these are idle speculations as to the
truth or fallacy of the doctrine laid down by the
honorable Senator from Louisiana in this report,
that growth is the law of existence, and that, when
we cease to grow, we must soon arrive at-the
period of decadence, and share the fate or destiny
m the case of individual man. This is idle. Were
it given to me, Mr. President, now to unfold the
roll of time, and I could see inscribed upon it an
allotment of half the period of duration to this
Republic which was allowed to Greek or Roman
power, I should rejoice.
It is manifest that the growth alluded to in the
report,is expansion now,immediately,oras soon
as it can be accomplished, assuming that in our
progress as a nation, 01- a people, we have already
reached that period of maturity from whence our
decline may be adduced in after time, unless we,
guided by the maxims of past experience and the
wisdom which suggests this doctrine, this axiom
to us to-day, make immediate and further acqui-
sitions of territory. I say that it-is but too man-1
ifest that it is expansion which is meantby growth,-
not internal improvement, not progress within
our present limits, but continual expansion, ac-
quisition of more and more territory. If that is
not the meaning and the application of it, I should
like the honorable Senator from Louisiana to point
out the mistake, when considered in connection
with the context which declares that this is an age
of the expansion of all the great Powers of the
earth. Sir, have we reached such a point of per-
fection within our present limits, social and polit-
ical, of our organization to insure the establish-
ment of justice, to insure domestic tranquillity
everywhere, develop the resources, promote the
general welfare'within the limits of the Constitu-
tion within the States; I mean within the State
jurisdictions, as well as in the United States; for-
tius doctrine of growth must apply to the jsr-hole
country in all its local legislative authorities and
State jurisdictions ? Has the policy of this coun-
try, under the control of this Government, been
settled upon such a satisfactory basts in relation
to the great questions of currency, of commerce,
either internal or external, that there is no longer
any scope for the employment of genius, no
stimulus to lofty ambition in our statesmen ? Is
it true that our vast domain, or which has been
but lately so vast, has been reduced by the con-
tingent influx of emigrants from abroad within
such narrow limits as to afford no space, no room,
for the overflowing population of our native citi-
zens ? Is that the condition of things ?
It appears to me that the honorable Senator,
who is the able author of this report, must have
misconceived the magnificent extent of our pres-
ent territorial possessions; and yet I cannot sup-
pose that he is unacquainted with it. Sir, we
have an area twice as great as the Roman Em-
pire ever possessed in her palmiest days. One
million six hundred thousand square miles was
