262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
I know, sir, that it is objected by some that
this proposition is too colossal in its proportions.
I admit that it is colossal; but it is only in keep-
ing withal] that is American. If you look to but
one single road to the Pacific, and that to San
Francisco, you have- an empire at the North, you
have an empire still at the South; and when you
shall have reached San Francisco, so far as those
considerations which are to be drawn from our
foreign relations are concerned, we are, to all
intents and purposes, just as much in the power
of England, or France,, or any other great naval
Power, in regard to our possessions upon the
northwest and upon Puget Sound, as we are now.
From San Francisco to Puget Sound, the only
practicable intercourse is by sea. If you build
your southern route to San Diego, still the same
objection would lie; and there is no safety until
these communications are made not only over the
central route, but over the northern and over the
southern route; and we must have them all three;
and the necessities of the country, in the end,
will demand them.
But, Mr. President, I do not suffer considera-
tions like these to influence me in governing my
vote on this question. I do not believe there is
any serious danger of war or conflict with Great
Britain; and if we were to have war with Great
Britain, we should not fight her at Puget Sound;
we should not fight her perhaps in California as
much as we might fight her nearer home, and in
Canada; and it may be well for Great Britain, and
for ourselves, too, that we arc both under mutual
bonds to keep the peace—that every considera-
tion of duty and of interest binds Great Britain
and binds ourselves to keep the peace.
Mr. President, I did not intend to-day to speak
on the general subject of the Pacific railroad. I
concur m much that I have heard on this floor,
as to the necessity of this communication across
the continent; but with me the practical, the im-
portant, the all-absorbing question is when and
now and where, and it is on that very question
of detail, which some gentlemen utteily ignoie,
that my mind is most exercised on this subject;
and it is, therefore, that I have submitted this
proposition which I now move as an amendment
to the proposition of the Senator from Georgia;
I also ask that the bill I have submitted may be
printed under the order of the Senate, and laid
upon the desks of Senators.
~ Mr. IVERSON. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To add instruc-
tions to the motion to commit in lieu of the in-
structions moved by the Senator from Geoigin.
Mr. GWIN. What aic those instructions ?
What is the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin is to add instructions
in lieu of those now pending. The instiuctions of
the Senator from Georgia have not been read at
length.
Mr. IVERSON. I will draw up my proposi-
tion if the Chair will wait a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, while the
gentlemen are preparing their amendments, 1 will
say awoid or two on the subject of this bill. I
am one of those favorable to the construction of
n. laiiroad to the Pacific ocean, and favorable to
the granting by the Federal Government of what-
ever aid is necessary to accomplish the object. I
shall not stop to argue the constiuuionaliiy of a
measure of this character, which is a measure to
provide for the common defense, to promote the
general welfare, and to secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity. It cannot
be that a measure designed to cany out the very
objects fur which the Constitution was formed, is
in conflict with that instrument. Nor shall 1 un-
dertake to point out the importance of this great
work. That has been done by others, and it
would be a work of supererogation on mypait
now to attempt to point out the advantages in a
domestic point of view to our own people, and
the great advantages to accrue to tins country in
its foreign intercourse with the other nations of
the earth, from the construction of this great woik
across the continent. It would facilitate inter-
course with those eastern nations now for the
first time about to be freely opened to the civil-
ised world, and whose trade and wealth hove ex-
cited the cupidity of European nations from the
earliest times. It would be the means of trans-
porting into the heart of the country, and across
the continent, the commerce and the riches of the
East, which contribute so largely to the wealth
and importance of the enlightened nations of Eu-
rope.
But, as to the construction of this road, if but
one road is to be built, as has been justly said, it
should be a central one, a road that will accom-
modate most of the population and business of the
country. We do not want a road where no one
lives; but we want a road where the business of
the country is, where the population of the coun-
try is; and all parties, it seems to me, from ail
sections of the country, should unite in favor of
that great national route which will accommodate,
to the greatest extent, our population, and the
business of the country, to commence the road on
the Missouri river between the mouths of the Big
Sioux and Kansas rivers, as provided in this bill,
i think a road commencing between those termini
on the east, and terminating on the Pacific at San
Francisco, and built on the most direct and eli-
gible route between those points, would be a cen-
tral road, and ought to command the support of
the country.
But, sir, we have no assurance from this bill
that any such road is to be built; and before 1 can
give my vote, partial as I am to the construction
of a Pacific railroad, to any bill, I must know
something about where that road is to run. I do
not understand the bill under consideration as
some of its friends do. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, who has this bill in charge, [Mr. Gwisr,]
seems to suppose that the location of the road is
left to the contractors. Such is not my under-
standing of it. The choice of the point from
which the road is to start is left to the contractors
between certain limits—the mouths of the Big
Sioux and Kansas rivers—but they have no au-
thoi ity to select the route under this biil. I n look-
ing at the reinuiks of the Senator from California,
I imd that he states that the committee were care-
ful, in preparing this measure, to confer no disci e-
tionary power on the President or any one else.
Why, sir, this bill confers all power on the Pres-
ident. He may carry the road where he pleaSeg,
and we have had some experience as to how this
power will he exercised on the part of the execu-
tive authorities; and I will call the attention of the
Senate in a moment to the way in which power
is exercised, for we have had some foretaste,in the
past action of the Government, of what may be
expected under this bill, if it should pass.
The bill under consideiation does not give to
the contractois the light to sclcct the route, but
it dneots a contract to be entered into between the
President and such persons as may choose to bid
- for carrying the mail, from some point on the
Missouri river, between the mouths of the Dig
Sioux and the Kansas rivers and the city of San
Francisco, over the most direct and eligible route
proposed. I am referred, by the Senator from
California, to the filth section as giving the power
to the contractors. It reads as follows:
'• Thru the paity with whom the contract afmer-aid may
bQ made, shall proceed without delay to locate the neneial
jouie of s-aid mad, and luini>h a detailed nuvev and map
thereof to the I'lesnlent, who shall caure the public 1<hkK
to the extent of fottv miles on cach side of f-aid mud to be
surveyed, and the Indian title thereto to be e^Uii^malicd as
j boon its pKictiealile."
! The Senator will observe that the language is:
" the party with whom the conti act is made shall
procced without delay to locate the general route
of said road." This is after the conti act is made.
The President may make a contract to take the
road, if you please, by El Paso or anywhere else,
and then the contractor locates it. The first sec-
tion provides for carrying the mail Sty railroad
from a point on the Missouri river, between the
mouths of the Big S«oux and Kansas rivers, to
San Francisco, in the State of California, " on
the most eligible route, reference being had to fea-
sibility, shortness, and economy." There is
where the power is given to the President to make
a contract for carrying this mail between these
points 44 on the most eligible loute." Who de-
termines it? " Reference bcins: had to feasibility,
shortness, and economy." Why, sir, the whole
discretion is left to the Executive. He determ-
ines with whom he will make the contract, and
which route is the most feasible and the shortest,
and where the road can be most economically
constructed.
Another provision of the bill, in the third sec-
tion, declares that the President shall make the
contract " with the party whose proposal shall be
by him deemed most advantageous to the United
States for the full and complete performance of
said contract." Is not the whole power there
given to the President to make the contract with
the party whose bids shall be by him deemed
most advantageous to the United States? After
the contract is made, the contractors, when they
are limited to take the road wherever he shall
think proper to direct, will have the laying out
of the road, the meanderings within ten, twenty,
or, perhaps, fifty miles; but the points of the road,
by this bill, are all left in the discretion of the
President.
Sir, we have had a little experience as to how
the executive authorities use discretion of "this
kind. I recollect that, about tfro years ago, Con-
gress passed a law authorizing the Postmaster
General to contract for the conveyance of a mail
" ftom some point on the Mississippi river, as the
contractors may select," (it was a little more spe-
cific than this bill,) "to San Francisco, in the
State of California;" and that act provided that the
Postmaster General should, before entering into
the contract, " be satisfied of the ability and dis-
position of the parties, bona Jidtsand in good faith,
to perform the said contract." We all understood,
when that bill was pending, and when it passed
Congress, that it was to be left to the contractors
to select the route by which they would take the
mail across the continent to San Francisco. It
would seem that, at first, the Post Office Depart-
ment so understood the law; for,in the advertise-
ment for proposals under that act, they slated that,
" besides stating the starting point on the Missis-
sippi river, bidders will name the intermediate
points ptoposed to be embraced in the route, and
otherwise designate its course as nearly as prac-
ticable."
Under thisadvertifement for proposals to trans-
port the letter mail overland to Califurma, numer-
ous bids were made on different routes; but what
does the Postmaster General do? He rejects
every bid that was made for a specific route, and
adopts a route of his own. I have his official re-
port made at the commencement of the last ses-
sion of Congress, in which he states that " the
foregoing route,"afier stating what route he had
selected, " is selected for the oveiland mail service
to California as combining, in my judgment, more
advantages and fewer disadvantages than any
other."
Now mark what he says further: " No bid hav-
ing been made for this particular route, and all
the bidders whose bids were considered regular
under the advertisement and the act of Congress,
having consented that their bids may be held and
consulted as extending and applying to this
route," therefore, he goes on to make a contract.
Iiere the contractors weie coerced, in defiance of
an express act of Congress, into changing their
bids to lake the mail over a route indicated by the
Postmaster General, or else they could not have
the contract at all. Their bids were made appli-
cable to a route which he designated; and what
was that route? A route starting from the cities
of St. Louis and Memphis, converging in Arkan-
sas, and running away down nearly into Mexico,
and around on to the Pacific coast hundreds of
miles south of San Francisco, and thence up to
the city of San Francisco—a mail route as crooked
as au ox-bow, lunning south six parallels of lat-
itude, and then back again six degrees of latitude
to reach the place of its destination.
In the argument which the Postmaster General
made on ihaf occasion, to show why he had re-
quired the contractors to carry the mail over the
circuitous route, I find that he stated the distance,
by wav of £1 Paso, at two thousand and sixteen
miles. "Well, sir, the route has been traveled; and
what is the actual distance? How has it turned
out? I have not, at this moment, before me the
statement of the parties who traveled over that
route and measured the distance, but it has been
published to the country; and, according to my
recollection—I ask the Senator from California if
I am not right—it is between twenty-eight and
twenty-nine hundred miles from Foit Smith to
San Francisco.
Mr. GWIN. I presume the Postmaster Gen-
eral, when he made the publication to which the
Senator refets. alluded to the official survey. I
tlunk,if the Senator will refer to the map of the
