THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1859.
New Series No. 85.
whole of them and the other nations of North
America, they will let you take Cuba too, unless
they are under some imperative obligation that
they cannot dispense with with honor to Spain,
upon the same conditions that you pay the debts
due their subjects, British or French, and particu-
larly the English. There is no reason of policy
that I can conceive of that will prevent them from
giving their free assent, and it may be that that is
the view of the President in manifesting1 and an-
nouncing his cheap courage. That may be the
view of the honorable Senator from Georgia also,
in declaring that he did not fear, or they did not
fear, and none but cowards, as the President says,
do fear this policy. I think they ought to have
given us the benefit of their opinions as to the
policy of England and France in relation to these
annexations which we propose to make.
What will be the consequences of annexing the
States of Mexico and Central America? The
first would be bringingorder out of chaos, estab-
lishing regular Governments there, and in reani-
mating to some extent the almost expired ener-
gies of those populations. In the development of
the national resources of the country, by the infu-
Bion of n new and more vigorous race, we should
increase the production, we should add to the pres-
ent powers of consumption there, and their ability
to consume, extend the trade and intercourse be-
tween ourselves and those States and foreign na-
tions; but England and France would share al-
most equally with ourselves. Y/hen theu*]bolicy,
and that which may be the policy of this country,
shall be settled and consolidated, they may even
derive the lion's share of the spoils and benefit of
it, for they, would be free from the burden of de-
fense and protection. We should enjoy some in-
creased advantages from the trade and intercourse
between members of the Union, which might
compensate us for the protection and defense of
that people in time of peace..
But, sir, Great Britain and France would be in a
position to do even more than that. They could
dictate the commcrcial policy of this country.
They would be powerful auxiliaries of the hon-
orable Senator fiom Yirginia, [Mr. Hunter,] in
carrying out his favorite policy. They would
concur with him that no more money ought to be
raised off duties upon foreign imports than were
jult sufficient for the support of the Government,
economically administered. They would be gen-
erous enough to allow you to do that. They
would allow you to roise a sufficient sum besides,
perhaps, to support an Army large enough to sup-
press Indian hostilities, and a Navy to protect
your sea-coast and your commerce, spreading
mer the ocean, from piratical depredations; but,
if Congress, at any time, should venture to inti-
mate a disposition to go beyond these points, it
would only be necessary for a British Minister,
or a French Minister, both or separately, to sug-
gest to our Government the generous coricessions
they had made to the policy of this Government
in acquiring Mexico and Central America, and
to say that their masters would not receive the
intimation with a friendly feeling that this Gov-
ernment was about to increase the duties upon
their manufactures and pi oductions. They would
make no menace. The simple intimation would
be given only for the consideration of this Gov-
ernment, and for Congress. Sir, have we not
submitted to dictation, to some extent, of that
nature already? Did we not do it m the case of
an intimation given to our Government some seven
or eight years ago, of a similar kind ? What could
we respond ? What could our Government reply ?
We would be in no condition to go to war wiift
those Powers; for •hen, we should have ten
thousand miles of inadequately piotected sca-
coast against the combined Powers, having one
thousand ships-of-w.xr, and each of them one hun-
dred guns to our one. What could we do? The
truth'"is, we should become a vassal nation beyond
remedy, and should so remain until the people
of tins country, galled by a sense of national hu-
miliation, should come to the determination to
reassert their independence, and to dedicate all
Q
O i}
their resources to the building up of a military
and naval Power in a degree to effect that great
and glorious object. They could do it. In other
words, their resolve must be to become a great
military and naval Power; and, in raising land
and naval armaments, they would not stop to
compute the cost of five hundred war-steamers,
which would be the least we could possibly rely
upon, at a cost of $350,000,000. Two hundred
thousand men on the Isthmus of Barien, up to the
Canada,border, and the Pacific as well as the At-
lantic and Gulf coasts, would be the least number
of landsmen, of a standing army-, that would au-
thorize the possession of such nn immense extent
of country. It could be accomplished: small as our
population is, in proportion to the immense terri-
tory to be defended, still it could be accomplished.
But that is not the dearest sacrifice that would
have to be made; the end would not be yet. They
would have to wake up to a sense of public lib-
erties, swallowed up in a military despotism, car-
ried out though th«fc hollow and empty form of a
free Constitution only.
Now, sir, is there any one who will maintain
that these apprehensions of danger to public lib-
erty are imaginary, if such a.policy as is pro-
posed by these high sources, is carried out5 Is
there no danger to be apprehended to the public
liberty, if the policy of those whose voracious ap-
petites, not content with Cuba, embrace all Mex-
ico and Central America, is carried out ? It is this
voracious passion for expansion, that has caused
excitement in the mind nowthatwill icsuitm dan-
ger to the public liberties of this country in future
time. There are other causes: the great change
which has taken place in the pracncal operation
of this Government in the last thirty years; the
tendency to general corruption, misrule, disoider;
the greatly diminished respect, not to say con-
tempt,that is manifested for many of those guards
that the jealous founders of this Republic threw
around the public liberty. This proposition to
place at the disposal of the President, at his dis-
cretion, limited only by the genuial object of it,
would have startled the fatheio of the Republic
as from a dteam, and raised suspicions that a
conspiracy was afoot to overthrow the Constitu-
tion. All subsections of the danger of such a pre-
cedent are laughed to scorn in the present day.
Then there is that twin-born measure of the pres-
ent one, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, proposing the surrender of the war-
making power to the President. That a Pres-
ident of the United Stares should openly propose
and urge, in a special mess.-iue as well as in his
annual message, the surrender to him of what
would virtually be the war-m^kmg power of this
country, and to seek of Congress a legal tiansfer
of such power, is of itself enough to show that
those principles which heretofore were regarded
as the mam bulwarks of public liberty, are rapidly
losing their vitality.
Why, Mr. President, if any other evidence were
wantmgof the decay of those sentiments that have
ever been regarded as the surest guarantee of pub-
lic liberty, it might be found in the marked change
which ih taking place m the spirit and objects of
our policy in relation to these very republics of
the youth, since the date of their independence.
The day was whim those feeble and ill-fated le-
publics were taught to look to us as their natural
ally and projector; but since then they have been
forced to regard this Goveinmentas a great polit-
ical o<rre that has sought to inveigle them into its
cmbraoe to devour them. I venture now to proph-
esy, however extravagant it may seem to some
here, that he who shall live to witness the con-
sunnu-di'm of this policy, so earnestly advocated,
of exi ending oui dominion over the States of Mex-
ico and Central America, will have survived the
liberties uf hi< country.
The eo-Tuptmg tendencies of this Government
are already strong and powerful, if not irresisti-
ble, m beating down ali but the forms, the image,
of a free Constitution; and no free Government
can stand the vast accumulations of those causes
which have pioved fatal heretofore to ail repub-
lics, and which would inevitably attend the an-
nexation of those States. They are to us forbid-
den fruit. Why, sir, no poet ever fabled a goddess
of liberty within the tropics. No dreaming the-
orist ever placed a republic there. I repeat again,
they are to us forbidden fruit, and the primeval
curse announced as the penalty of disobedience
will surely fall upon us as a free people, if we are
guilty of this great transgression. The day that
we pluck that fruit we die.
Mr. President, I have omitted many views of
this subject which I proposed to take; but under
the circumstances, and embarrassed as I am by
the late period in this discussion, i felt that I was
pretermitted from offering them.
Mr. WADE, (at twenty minutes to seven
o'clock.) It has got to be rather a late hour in
the evening, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
"Mr. SLIDELL. I hope that the Senator from
Ohio, if he is prepared to go on, will go on now.
There was a very general understanding that we
should not adjourn at an early hour this evening.
There are a number of Senators who will be here
m a few minutes, and one or two, I believe, who
nre prepared to speak this evening. I trust the
Senator will go on. It will save us sitting to-
morrow night.
Mr. WADE. What length of time is.it pro-
posed £o hold the session ? or if there is an under-
standing about it, what is that understanding ?
Mr. SLIDELL. If there can be any under-
standing that this debate will be closed to-morrow,
we have.no sort of objection on this side to an
adjournment at aieasonablt* hour. Our only ob-
ject is to enable everybody who wishes to do so,
to express his sentiments on this bill. There is
no disposition to press Senators unnecessarily;
but I think we may fairly ask that courtesy from
them.
Mr. WADE. I will insist upon the motion.
I think it is unreasonable to continue this debate
at this lote hour.
Mr. SLIDELL. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion; and I shall ask that there be a
call of the Senate, too, if it be necessary to go on.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DIXON. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Florida, Mr. Yulee.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Bigler] and myself both went to din-
ner, and we agreed that neither of us should vote
until the other returned, for two hours. The time
is out; but I do not feel at liberty to vote under
the circumstances.
The result was then announced—yeas 10, nays
23; as follows:
YEAS—Boll, Rrodoriok, Collanier, DooUttle,
Foo', Harlan, Kennedv, King, Trumbull, and Wade—10.
NA Vc5 — iM^srs Blown,Clieenut,Clay,Citng-
man, Fitch. Fitzpatriek, Giuen,Gv\m, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas. Johnson nf Tenne-^ee, Lane, Mallorv, Pparcf,
Polk, Pu"h, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Shdell, fcJimth, and
Ward—23.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate refuses
to adjourn; but there is no quorum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are two Senators
who announced their presence, but declined to
vote on the adjournment, having paired off—the
Senators from Connecticut. There is a quorum
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a quo-
rum, then, present. This vote Jack^but one of a
quorum.
Mr. JOI-IXSON, of Tennessee. The record
does not show it.
Mr. SEIDELL. I hope Senators will vote on
this question.
Mr. BROWN. The Senators from Connecti-
cut can vote upon the motion, as it will not change
the result.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will ask whether the Sen-
ator from Ohio will consent to go on now? There
are a number of gentlemen who expect to return
at nine o'clock.
Mr. WADE. There is no quorum present,
and I do not know that we cau do any business.
If this was in the ordinary course of legislation,
