1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25, 
if it 'was an appropriation bill, if it was a measure
that was expected by anybody to pass, I certainly
would offer no interruption; but I cannot help
thinking that, really* this is a mere political man-
euver, I think the Senator from Louisiana him-
self expected political advantages would arise
from the discussion of it. I expect they will to
our side. If I have got to discuss it, I want a
quorum present. I do not know that we can do
anything, if there is not a quorum present.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think, according to all
parliamentary rule, there is a quorum prese-nt. A
quorum has not voted; but two Senators, in ad-
dition to those who voted, addressed the Chair,
stating their presence, and that they did not vote
because they had paired off with Senators not in the
Chamber. They made that statement to the
Chair. Those two Senators added to those who
have voted, make a quorum. I do not think it at
all necessary that a quorum should have voted if
there is a quorum present. A quorum is present
to the knowledge of the Chair.
Mr. COLLAMER. I must insist that that is
not parliamentary law. A quorum is a quorum
that can vote on the question that we have under
consideration. Now, the Senators from Connec-
ticut cannot vote. They have paired off. They
cannot vote according to that announcement.
Taking the whole announcement together, they
are not to be considered as present. v /
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ This is the view
of the Chair upon that question: that any vote
of the Senate must show a quorum. If there are
Senators present, .thoy may be excused by the
Senate from voting, for a cause, and then the
want of their vote the Chair hardlv thinks would
affect the question, if excused by the Senate; but
there is no quorum shown by this vote, and the
Chair must be governed by that.
Mr. HUNTER. It requites a quorum to vote
or to perform any act in a legislative body; but
less than a quorum can keep the Senate m ses-
sion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; less
than a quorum can keep the Senate in session.
Mr. HUNTER*. It requires a quorum to per-
form any act; but less than a quorum can keep
the Senate in session. It is perfectly competent
for gentlemen, if they choose, to speak to less
than a quorum; but if the Senator from Ohio does
not choose to do so, and the Senate hold together,
then the question is put, because, peradventure,
there may be a quorum present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
take this course: no quorum has been shown on
this vote; less than a quorum may refuse to ad-
journ; if no Senator desires to speak, the ques-
tion is to be put. The question is whether there
is a quorum ? The Chair will ascertain by a count
whether there is a quorum in the Chamber before
he puts the question.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think we have a very sim-
ple remedy in this case. It is to send for absent
Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion may
be made.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do make that motion now,
and I hope it will be carried out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to require the
attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask this question. We
know the fact that two Senators have spoken
here so as to indicate their presence; we know
they are here; and I wish to inquire whether,
when the quesiion is put by yeas and riays, those
Senators can be excused fiom voting, unless by
the action of the Senate. The Senate has not ex-
cused them from voting
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated that they could not.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I hope the Senator from
Louisiana will Withdraw his motion for the pres-
ent, and if nobody rises tile Chair will put the
quesiion, and we will vote upon the bill, and if
it then turns out on the vote on the bill that there
jd not a (juoiura, we can agree to his motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will accept the suggestion
of the Senator from North Carolina, and call for
the yens find nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from North
Carolina is mistaken. I understand the Chair to
announce that if no one takes the floor, and the
questiofi is raised about putting the question, and
it is suggested that there is not a quorum, the
Chair will ascertain, by a count before the vote,
whether there is a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I hope the motion
of the Senator from Louisiana will be agreed to.
Mr. KING. When it is supposed that there
is a quorum present, it is proper enough to put
the question; but I apprehend the question would
be put upon a motion to adjourn, which is the
pending motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to ad-
journ has been rejected.-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Having some
little experience, and but very little, I hone I may
be allowed to suggest that l do think the Chair
has decided wrongly, that there shall be no vote
taken upon the question itself until the Chair has
made a count. Now, in this instance, if the Chair
makes a count, he will find a quorum here. Then
I presume the Chair would proceed at once to put
it to a vote; but, upon voting, it will appear that
no quorum is here. I do not see- how the Chair
can decide that there is a quorum when there is
not a sufficient number to decide any question.
There will be no question upon the vote, simply
because no quorum will be of.record. Then, if
there be, by a count of the Chair, a quorum, it
precludes our right to send for absentees; and,
upon the record, upon taking the vote, there will
be no quorum. I will suggest that the Senate is
brought, then, simply to this situation: we must
sit still. The decision of the Chair results exactly,
it occurs to mc, in that way.
With reference to the case here upon the subject
of adjournment, nothing is better known than
that the body, with less than a quorum, can ad-
journ. There is nothing more definitely declared
in our rules. Of course, resulting from that, less
than a quorum can keep tjie Senate m session; but
the operation of the parliamentary rule, it seems
to nie,is almost entirely different, which involves
the passage or rejection of a measure before the
body. Now, sir, it seems to me that you can
have no right to count, to ascertain whether there
is a quorum or not upon a call for a vote or action
on a measure that is before the body; for, if you
make a count here, there is no certainty that your
count will be correct. Half a dozen Senators may
| be standing just outside the door, as is very often
j the case; but, upon the votes that are to be put
| upon the record, they come in, which they can do
j just the moment before it is announced, peihaps,
I and when a quorum is not shown at all. If your
! count shall show that there is no quorum, we can
do nothing at all. I beg to suggest, for the decis-
ion of the Chair, that we take no more time, but
have a vote upon the question which goes upon
the record, and upon which we rtan proceed to
act; and that act must then necessarily be an ad-
journment, or the transmission of our officers after
the absentees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is hardly
understood by many Senators; and if he can eet
the attention of the body, lie will state lus posi-
tion. Upon the vote on the adjournment, less
than a quorum voted. There was record evidence
of the want of a quorum. The Chair so stated;
but the Senate refused to adjourn. Less than a
quorum may lefuse to adjourn. A motion to Rf-nd
for absentees is m order. If'that motion be not
made, the Chair will proceed to have the amend-
ment read, and, upon suggestion, would count to
ascertain the presence of a quorum, and if it
should be established that there be a quorum pres-
ent, would put the question.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to make asuggestion.
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] is
prepared to address theSenate, and before he shall
nave concluded there wiil certainly be a quorum
present.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. He is not pre-
pared now, and does not intend to speak at present.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I understand from the
Senator from Maryland that he is ready to pro-
ceed.
Mr. SLIDELL. "But I desire it understood
that the order of the Senate, calling for absent
Senators, should be put in execution, in the mean
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been no
order of the Senate. v
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I make thdt motion
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to procure the
attendence of absent Senators.
Mr TRUMBULL. I think, on a former oc-
casion, that the order was adopted in this fotm:
to request the attendance of absent Senators. I
am not experienced in these matters, but I sug-
gest whether it would not be better to put it in
that form in this case. I understood at that time,
from older members of the body, that it had not
been usual to put it in the form of a requirement,
but as a request, which I believe is always an-
I swered. I make the suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the motion of the Senator from Louisiana;
; and if there be no objection, will put it in the
! form of the suggestion of the Senator from llli-
i nois, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to
1 request the attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will request the attendance of absent Sen-
ators.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from
! Maryland will proceed.
I Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, in response
i simply to the call made by the honorable Senator
j fromLouisiana, I should very greatly prefer speak-
! ing upon some other occasion. The honorable
i Senator from Ohio has already indicated his pur-
| pose to speak. I do not desire to come in between
inm 
Mr. WADE. I only took the floor to move an
adjournment, and with no particular view to go
on with the debate.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not desire to speak
to-night. 1 would very much prefer saying what
I have to say with more of my colleagues and
friends around me, because the line of argument
T expect to take may not be entirely acceptable
to many of my friends with whom t have been
acting here; and I would rather that they should
be present to hear precisely what my views are
upon this subject—not that they will have any
importance, perhaps, on the result, but it is sim-
ply in order to gratify myself and to be placed
right before the country when I do speak on this
question, because I dissent in tolo from many
gentlemen here. I will say at the same time, if
the proceedings of the Senate are to be cut off
to-night, if the whole further action of the body
| is suspended, I am perfectly willing to go on. I
: have not a long speech to make; but I am pre-
■ pared now and perfectly willing' to go on and give
; my views. If the Senator from Ohio prefers
! speaking now, I will give way to him.
| Mr. WADE. I do not want the floor at all.
I Mr. KENNEDY. Then I will go on and say
what 1 have to say upon this subject.
Mr. WADE. I yield to the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. KENNEDY. "Mr. President, the propo-
sition of the President of the United States for
the acquisition of Cuba, and for the occupation
of certain provinces of Mexico, for the two ques-
tions may be considered together,"involve not only
| questions of policy affecting the great and vital
i interests of this country, but the far greater and
; more startling question of what this nation is to
1 be, and how this nation is to be governed. In
: coming to the consideration of these questions, I
i am not disposed in any manner to shrink from the
responsibility that rests upon me here in the dis-
, charge of my duty. I shall endeavor to pursue
; that line of argumentand that line of policy which
the peculiar interests of my constituents require,
as well as the higher obligations of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which has for its general
object the welfare and prosperity of the people of
this country. In pursuing that course, I shall
endeavor to bring to the consideration of this bill
a desire to discharge my duty without any refer-
ence to other and collateral subjects of a mere
party character.
I have carefully read and considered the learned
and full report made by the Committee on Foreign
Relations upon this bill. I have heard the ad-
vantages of the acquisition of Cuba portrayed
in glowing terms by gentlemen on this floor. I
have listened with pleasure to the full and learned
speeches of gentlemen in regard to the advantages
to result to our great and increasing commerce.
I have very fully considered the views that have
