264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
says that, under this bill which he has reported
here, the President has no discretion. How does
he make that out? He says that in the proposals
which are to be offered for the construction of
this railroad, the contractors are to designate the
line of the road.
Mr. GWiN. No, sir; the terms upon which
they are to carry the mails and supplies; and they
are to state in those proposals what those terras
are, and the President has to select the most ad-
vantageous to the United States. The second
section states what those proposals shall contain-
specifically, and the fifth section then says they
shall locate the route.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; and the propo-
sals issued by the Postmaster General contained
certain propositons. I will read one for the in-
formation of the Senator from California.
Mr. GW1N. That was not the law. This is
the law.
Air. TRUMBULL. It is:
" Besides ?tating the starling point on {lie Mississippi
river, the biddei swill name the intermediate point* proposed
to he embraced in the route, and otheuvj&e designate us
couue as neaily as practicable."
That was the proposal of the Post Office De-
partment, under the law of March 3, 1857, for
carrying the overland mail to California; and bid-
dory did make their proposals in accoi dance with
this advertisement; but what did it avail lliem ?
Why, sir, when they came *o the Post Office De-
partment, the Postmaster Geneiul thrust thorn all
aside, and adopted a route of his own, for which
there were no bids, and said to them, or, rather,
says in his report, that " no bids having been
made for this paiticular route, and all the bidders
whose bids were considered regular under the ad-
vertisement and the act of Congress having con-
sented that their bids may be held and considei cd
as extending and applying to said route." No
,..doubt they consented their bids should bo con-
sidei cd as applying to the i oute he indicated , well
knowing that, if they did not give iheir consent,
their bids would be utterly valueless.
The Postmaster General was dheeted, before
entering into the contract, under the act of 1857,
to satisfy himself of the ability and disposition of
the parties in good faith to perform it; and it is
under that clause that the Postmaster General
shelters himself for adopting the route winch he
did; it being, as he says, the route which lie was
sat'sficd the mail could be carried over. Under
this bill, the Pi esident is to make the conti act with
the paity whose proposal shall be deemed by lum
most advantageous to the United States; end if
there be no bid for the route which he deems most
advantageous, I have, no doubtall the bidders will
consent that their bids shall apply to the route
which he thinks the best; exactly as the Post
Office Depaitmentdid in establishing the overland
mail route.
Sir, 1 want a limit here; and if it is intended
that this road shall be built in good faith, as a
givat cential Pacific laihoad, then Jut u.s limit it
wuhin certain parallels of latitude. Why dots
the Senator from California object to this ? Why
has he named a limit between which the road
shall start, if he is not willing to limit it across
the continent? If this bill is not to be subverted
from its purposes; if this railroad is not to be taken
off in a southerly direction instead of a western
direction;why object to confining it withmhmits
that will compel the contractors and the President
to build the road across the continent, and not up
and dovv n ? There is, as I undeistand it, nothing in
this bill under which the President may not, with
the latitude of construction which was adopted
under a similar law for cstabhshing'tho overland
mail route to California, take this road wherever
lie pleases.
But, sir, I was about to call attention to the ex-
traordinary speech of the Senator from Georgia,
[Vr. Iyerson,] delivered yesterday—a speech,
wnding up with a proposition to recommit this
bill with its various amendments, for the purpose
of having a bill repoiteu for the construction of
two railroads; and for what reason? For two
roads, becausc he looked to a separation of the
Confederacy—the very last reason on God's earth
\\ hy i would vote for any bill. Sir, 1 trust the day
is far distant, when our legislation will be shaped
with reference to a separation of the States of this
Uuinn. Has it come to this, that the basis of our
• legislation is to be a division ? If so, I apprehend
it will not be long before we have it. But, sir, I
am glad that the Senator from Georgiahas spoken
out so boldly. He has but avowed what I have
long understood to be the sentiment of the party
in power. I believe he is a fair exponent of it;
and that distinguished Senator, occupying a prom-
inent position m the country and in this body,
possessing the confidence of the Administration
and the party in power 
Mr. 1VERSON. Wdl the Senator allow mc
a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. IYERSON. The Senator is greatly mis-
taken when he says I am in the confidence of the
Administration. I did*not speak the sentiments
of the Administration. So far as I understand
them, I do not believe the Administration main-
tain the sentiments which I uttered yesterday. I
certainly have no official or personal connection
with the Administration, or any member of it,
although 1 must state that I approve of the con-
duct and the general measures of the Adminis-
tration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose, or mean
to be understood as intimating, that the clabor-
ately-prepared and carefully-wntten-out speech
of the Senator had received the approbation of
the Administration in advance; but he being as-
sociated with the Administration, possessing its
confidence and that of the party in power, I did
regard his views as a fair exposition 6f the views j
of the leaders of the so-called Democratic party
of the present day. I have understood, before
thoy were so openly and frankly avowed here,
that they were the views of that party. 1 sup-
posed that they looked, as the Senator told us, to
the control of this great Government m all its
departments, executive, legislative, and judicial,
by the slaveholding interests of the country, or to
a dissolution of the Union.
Sir, how can it be that those views are not in
harmony with the views of the patty, maintain-
ing the lelaiions he does to it? 1 understand by
the action of the party, and I have sought to show
this to the country before, that they do indorse
the very doctrines which he has so frankly and
plainly avowed here m the Senate, and that it
amounts simply to this: {< Wc will control the
Government; we will have the patronage and the
power of the Government; we will disburse its
revenue and dispense Us patronage and govern
the North; and when we cannot do it, we will dis-
solve connection with you; we will unite with
you foi the purpose merely of ruling and control-
ling you for our benefit and aggrandizement; but
when the time that we can do so ceases, the Re-
public ceases to exist;'' and when a practical
measure is pending before this body, a motion is
made to iccommit it lor the very purpose of es-
tablishing two roads across the continent, looking
to a division of the Confederacy. The Senator
said yesteiday:
£wYV!i<'n ihe ptevfnt Republican party, or its legitimate
«u<-<w-oi^ in some otbei name, *hall «$rt possession of the
fiovc! nnit'iir, when it ha- the Pie.- ident, both Houses of
t'onj.-ie and tiie jtuhci.irv, what will stay Us hand? ft
cannot i-r.nwl still; if it does, it dies. To live and leign, it
niu-t go on."
Sir, 1 believe that. It cannot stand still. It is a
party of progress, of power. It is going on; and .
I coincide with the statements uttered by that
Senator yesterday, that the time will come when
it will take possession of the Government. It has
but to puisue the even tenor of its way, standing
by the Constitution, standing by the Union, en-
croaching upon the rights of no section of the
country, but carrying out and maintaining the
principles of the Constitution, as our fathers made
it. I say it lu\s but to go on m that course to
attain power and possession of the Government,
and make our Union perpetual. Further, the
Senator said:
Step bv ?tep it will he driven onward in its mad career
until *-lav<'is i- abolished or the Union di-soived. One of
tbcM> two things is as inevitable as death "
It is by statements of this kind as to the aims
and objects of the Republican party that the public
mmdofthe South has been misled; and although
I accord to the Senator from Georgia a fair ex-
position of the views of the so-called Democratic
leaders of the present day, I trust he is not a fair
exponent of the public sentiment of the South
when it shall understand the position of the Re-
publican party. Does it propose to interfere with
your institution of slavery? Where? When?-
When, in any of its recognized public conventions,
has it ever avowed such a principle? Never; but
it has placed itself on the Constitution, and on the
doctrines of Jefierson'and Washington and Mon-
roe and Madison and Jackson in regard to the
slavery question; ay, sir, and of Polk too. It pro-
poses to let slaveiy alone where it exists in the
States. It proposes to prevent its expansion into
countries that are free, and where slavery has not
existed. Is that a new doctrine in this country?
Why, sir, if the Senator from Georgia had occu-
pied a seat on the floor of the Senate in 1789, when
the Government was organized, and when Wash-
ington was President, and when the law passed
excluding slavery from the great Northwest, ac-
cording to the creed he now avows, he must have
become an advocate for disunion at once.
But, sir, the Senator made an allusion to Illinois
politics,upon which I would say a word. He de-
clared that—
u In all the late elections, conservative and sound De-
mocracy, the only element sympathizing with the South,
lias not earned a'single l'iee State. I do not consider the
tuumpli of the distingui^icd Senator fiom Illinois [Mr.
Doogj.as] as a victory of sound Democracy. It was a vic-
tory of Free Soil Deniociacyover Abolition Whiggery, and
no moi e."
Now, sir, if the Senator from Georgia is labor-
ing under any such misapprehension as that the
gieat Republican party of Illinois, which has not
been triumphed over, is an Abolition Whig- party,
he is very much mistaken. If he is under the
impression that the party sustaining my colleague
is a Fiee-Soil Democracy, he is very much mis-
taken. Need I go back to the history of this
country to show that parties were disrupted in
1854, the Democratic party as much as the Whig
party? In 1854 was inaugurated a measure never
before m issue between parties in this country,
never before a party test. Immediately preceding
that period, in 1852, both the then great political
parties of this country had agreed upon the sla-
ve 1 y"question. In their national conventions each
party had passed resolutions pledging itself to the
country to abide by the settlement of the slavery
question as made m 1850, and denouncing any
man as an agitator who, under any pretense what-
ever, should again raise that question in Congress
or out of Congress. But, sir, what occurred within
two years afterwards? Notwithstanding this
pledge to the country to abide by the compro-
mise measures of 1850, a proposition was intro-
duced into this very body, in 1854, opening up
again the whole excitement—a proposition to un-
settle not only the policy of 1850, but the policy
of 1820, under which the country had acquired
peace. When that new proposition was intro-
duced to repeal the Missouri compromise, which
excluded slavery from what now constitutes Kan-
sas and Nebraska, parties took their position upon
that question. It became a party question. The
Senator from Georgia, if he will look into the pro-
ceedings of the House of Representatives upon
that question, will find that a majority of Demo-
crats from the northern States voted against the
Kansas and Nebraska bill. Less than half of
them supported the measure. Then it was that
parties were oi gamzed upon a question which was
not befoie in issue between them.
One of those parties, that which opposed the
repeal of the Missouri compromise and the ex-
pansion of slavery, took the name Republican,
and it is composed of peisons belonging to all the
previous parties—Democrats and Whigs alike.
The party adhering to that measure, and pledging
itself to that policy winch has disturbed the peace
of the country for the last tour or five years, and
given us more trouble than any one measure that
ever passed the Congress of the United States, as-
sumed the name Demociat—an old name applied
to a new principle. Who composed its army ?
Those who had been Democrats? Why, sir, I
need look no futthcr than at the distinguished
members of this body, to find that the leaders and
champions of this so-called Democracy were the
trusted Whig leaders of old time, and Whigs now
I apprehend, for they will tell you that they have
changed no principles. The transition was easy
from former Whiggery to a pro-slavery Democ-
racy. It required no abandonment of Whig prin-
ciples. The so-called Democratic party has but
one principle to-day, and what is that.' The ex-
pansion of slavery. Will they keep a Whig out
of the ranks if he will indorse the Kansas-Ne-
