1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
braska bill ? They will promote him to high office
in the Democratic army. An Abolitionist, or a
man who has been an Abolitionist,can get into it,
if he will indorse the Kansas-Nebraska bill. My
friend at the right [Mr. Hamlin] says many of the
New England Abolitionists are in it now. I could
not name them all, or all the distinguished ones.
I believe the late Attorney General of the United
States was a distinguished example of that class;
and we have many distinguished examples here
of persons who were Whigs, now in full commu-
nion in the Democratic church.
The so-called Democratic party in Illinois, the
41 Free-Soil Democracy," as the Senator from
Georgia describes it, is not made up exclusively
of old Democrats. If there had not been some
old Whigs and some old Know Nothings in that
party, "the triumph of the distinguished Sena-
tor from Illinois," of which he spoke, would
never have occurred. No, sir; there are enough
Know Nothings and Whigs in the Illinois Legis-
lature to have changed the result; and although
there are many Whigs in the Republican paity
in Illinois, there are many Democrats in it. It
is made up of both; large numbers, I am happy
to say, of both, constituting a decided majority
of the people of the State; and the Democratic
party, so-called, not only in that State but in all
the northern States, and the southern States, too,
is made up largely of old Whigs. This reproach
upon the Republican party, that it is but an Aboli-
tion Whig party, cannot be sustained by the facts
in relation to the organization of the party as it
at present exists. What has become of the old
Whig party of the South which once carried many
States? Is it not affiliated with and incorporated
into the party with which the Senator acts? I
need not go any further than his own distinguished
colleague, [Mr. Toombs,] to show him that he
does not abhor altogetheraffilialion with Whigs,
or men who were once Whigs.
But the Senator proceeded to comment upon
the doctrines of the party in Illinois, and he spoke
of the R^ublican party as denying a right which
the South is entitled to—(he right to take slaves
into the Territories of the United States, the com-
mon property of the Union. We do deny that
the South has any such right. We deny that the
Republican party makes any discrimination be-
tween the citizens of slave States and citizens of
free States, as to their rights in the Territories.
We deny that it advocates any doctnnc leading
to an inequality between the States. We would
give to the citizen of Georgia the same rights in
Kansas that we claim for the citizens of Illinois;
but we give him none other. We deny to the cit-
izen of Illinois the right to introduce slaveiy into
Kansas; we deny that right to the citizen of Geor-
gia. They are 011 an equal footing. We deny to
the citizen of Illinois the right to take the laws of
Illinois to Kansas. By our laws, females are of
as;e at eighteen years; free to act for themselves.
We deny the right of the Illinois farmer who takes
his daughter to Kansas, to carry that law with
him; or the right of the daughter, when she gets
there, and finds the law of Kansas fixing; the age
when females shall have the right to act for them-
selves at twenty-one, to set at defiance that jaw,
and assert her right to act for herself in opposition
to her parents, and in opposition to the laws of
Kansas, because, forsooth, if she had remained in
Illinois she would have possessed thatnghf. We
deny the right of a man who owns a slave in
Georgia, by virtue of State law, (and he can hold
him by virtue of none other,) to take that law with
him to Kansas; and hence, when he goes there he
has no right to hold the person as a slave.
We say that slavery depends upon local law.
The Constitution of the United States so treats it.
The language of that instrument in regard to per-
sons escaping from service or labor in one State
into another, cleaily shows this. The language
is, that " persons held to service or labor in one
Stale under the lain thereof," and escaping into
another, shall be delivered up, &c.; that is under
the laws of the State, not under the Saws or the
Constitution of the United States. "Vou cannot
reclaim a lunaway negro in any State of this
Union, unless he is held as a slave by virtue of a
State law. This shows that the Constitution was
not intended to establish slavery .
But, sir, if the Constitution ciid^ establish sla-
very, which it does not, the Constitution has no
fcice in the Territories of the United States, un-
less Congress carries it there. That instrument
was made between the States, to form a more per-
fect union between the States; and when the Con-
stitution was established, it gave to the Govern-
ment which was formed by it the right to govern
the Territories; but it did not extend the Consti-
tution of the United States over the Territories;
nor does it extend there except by operation of
law. WhentheKansas-Nebraskabill was passed,
Congress inserted a clause in it declaring that the
Constitution of the United States should extend
over Kansas and Nebraska; thus indicating that,
in the opinion of Congress, the Constitution did
not reach that Terri tory at all, unless it was made
to do so by act of Congress.
The whole piactice of the Government shows
this to be the meaning of the Constitution. Why,
sir, we appoint judges in all the Territories of the
United States; and for what length of time? For
four years. What does the Constitution of the
United States say? I have not it before me, but
it specifically declares that the judges shall be
appointed during good behavior. What right has
Congress to limit the term of office of a judge in
Kansas or Washington Territory to four years,
under the Constitution of the United States, if
that instrument extends to, and operates in, the
Territories? If the appointees are judges in the
contemplation of the Constitution of the United
States, then they are judges during good behavior,
and Congress has no power to limit the tenure of
their office. But Congress has done it: and it has
done it upon this principle: that the Teu nories
belong to the United States, to be governed by the
Congress of the United States irrespective of
those particular requirements in that instrument
which are applicable to States alone, and not to
Territories,
Congress cannot, of course, do any act in re-
gard to a Territory which the Constitution for-
bids, such as to pass a law prohibiting the freedom
of speech therein; but it may pass any law in
regard to a Territory which it is not inhibited
from passing, and which is not inconsistent with
the spint of our institutions.
But the Senator proceeded further to speak of
the views ofwhathe calls the Free-Soil Democracy
of Illinois, and I quite agree with him in some re-
marks he made in regard to the positions put forth
by that party. I am happy to agree with him in
something. I quite agree with him that it is a
monstrous doctrine, if the principle be once estab-
lished that the Constitution carries slavery into
a Territory, that you have a right by indirection to
thwart and subvert that constitutional light. Sat-
isfy me that the Constitution of my country guar-
anties to an individual the right to take his slave
into a Territory of the United State?, and I will
help, so long as I sit here under an oath, to sup-
poi t that Constitution, to support that light. God
forbid, that after laying my hand upon the holy
Scriptures and swearing to support the Constitu-
tion of my country, I should turn around and say
that, although the Constitution gives a right, I
will, by unfriendly legislation, or by non-legisla-
tion, til wart and deny it. It is a position wholly
untenable; and when 1 believe the Constitution
guaranties to an individual any right, I will stand
by and protect him in the exercise and enjoyment
of that light. I cannot, find it consistent with giy
conscience, or my honor, or consistent with my
feelings, as an honest man, to undertake by indi-
rection to thwart the very instrument which I have
sworn tosupport. But,sir,I denyany such consti-
tutional right as the Senator from Georgia claims.
Therefore, I say that slaves cannot be taken legiti-
mately and constitutionally into Kansas.
The Senator from Georgia further told us that
u The people of the southern States, as coequal* in the
Union, and as joint and equal ovvncis of the public terii-
tory. have iSie nulit to emirate to the?e Termones with
then slave propeity, and to the protection and the enjoy-
ment nt tliat piopeuy In law during the existence of the ter-
ritorial government; pa-sfd bv Congress a* the trus-
tee and common head of the joint ptopeit.v—head of all the
States and all the people of the btaies in the public ter-
ntoiy ; la\v3 recognizing the <>qual right of every citizen to
go 111 and possess and enjov riie common inhentanee; law?,
not to depnve men of property, but to regulate and secure
] its enjoyment; laws to put every man 111 tiic United Stares
1 upon an equal footing ui the exercise of a great constitu-
tional ii^ht."
I agree that the people of the South are entitled
1 to equal laws, and to laws that will put every cit-
I izen m the United States upon an equal footing
i in the exercise of a great constitutional right; but
I do not assent to the, application which the'Sen- .
ator from Georgia seeks to make of. it, when lie
says that, under this general principle, the peo-
ple of the South are entitled to a law that .shall
protect them in holding slaves in the Territories
I say that would not be giving them equal rights,
but allowing them to impose slavery on a Terri-
tory where the people may not want it. , Why
has not the free citizen of the North, who emi-
grates to Kansas, and prefers living in -afree State
where free labor is respected, as much right to
insist upon keeping slavery out of, as a man who
happens to own a slave in Georgia has t<? insist
on taking it into, the Territory? Has not the citi-
zen of Georgia, who owns no slaves, ana who emi-
grates to a free Territory, as good a right to insist
that slavery shall not come there, as the citizen
who owns a slave in Georgia has to.take him
there ? The interests of free white laboring men,
North and South, are affected by the existence of
slavery in their midst; and after all, slavery is
participated in but by a very small proportion of
the population of the United States. • , .
There were, according to the census of 1850,
about twenty million free white people in the
United States. Thirteen million and more of
those people resided in the free States of the
North; about six million white people resided in
the slaveholdmg States; and of those six mil-
lion white people, only about three hundred and
fifty thousand, something like one in twenty, of
the free white population of the South, owned
negroes; and yet our legislation here is to be con- •
trolled and shaped for the benefit of these three
hundred and fifty thousand slaveholders, or the
Union is to be dissolved. Sir, have the more
than five and a half million white people in the
South, and more than thirteen million white peo-
ple m the North, no rights to be respected? Is
slavery to be forced upon them by the action of
the Federal Government, or the Union be dis-
solved ? Do we deny just rights to the South,
when we allow the man who owns slaves, and
the man who owns no slaves, the same rights and
the same privileges m going to our public Terri-
tories?
But the Senator from Georgia told us tWat unless
he could have a law that would protect these three
hundred and fifty thousand slaveholders in the
holding of slaves in Kansas, he would dissolve
the Union. This is his language:
" I am free to doclarc here, that if I had the control of
the southei 11 people. I would demand tins of Congress at the
oigarnzanon of eveiy temtonal government, as the terms
upon which the; South should jemam in the Union, I would
hold out' 1 ight1 in one hand and * separation'm the other,
and leave th'o Noith to choose between them "
Who is going to do this ? Three hundred and
fifty thousand slaveholders 5 Surely the five and
a half million free white people m the South are
not going to hold out their hands in this way,when
they do not own a negro, and say. " if you do not
allo w us to go with our negroes into the free Ter-
ritories we will dissolve the Union.They are
not going to do it. Well, who is going to do it?
Three hundred and fifty thousand out of twenty
million people. Why, sir, I think if wc legislate
for the benefit and protection of the nineteen twen-
tieths of the people of the Sftuth, the Senator has
no right to complain that our legislation is shaped
against the policy the South wants. But he is
ri^ht, in some respects, in attaching this import-
ance to the slave power of the South. It i«t im-
portant, and although it is but one in twenty of
the white population of the South, I know it con-
trols the legislation of the South. The large planter,
with his numerous slaves around him, controls
the labor of the country; and monopolizes the land
of the country; and the white people of the South
owning no slaves are in a measure his dependants.
The labor which would otherwise be performed
by the free hands of free men is mere performed
by slaves; and that labor which every man should
be entitled to as his right, as the capital on which
he is to live, is taken out of his hands, and given
to this servile race. Exercising ihs t control over
the political institutions of the Soutn and over all
the interests of the South, this pover comes here
to Washington, and, I am sorry to exercises
a control over this General Govur.ment. Not
only the five and a half million fv se white peo-
ple of the southern States are co.ri oiled by it,
but the thirteen million people in ihs northern
States, where no slaves exist, are mado subject to
it; and we arc gravely told, if this great popula-
